List(UP NEXT: NESOP will be at the NACAC Springfield National College Fair - Eastern States Exposition (The Big E, Young Building, 1305 Memorial Avenue, West Springfiled, MA.) If you're interested in learning more about NESOP, but live in W. MA / No. CT, here is your chance!

Sunday, 04/03/16:  1:00 pm-4:00 pm
Monday, 04/04/16:  9:00 am-11:30 am, Parents of teens: NESOP is currently accepting enrollment for our Summer 2016 CAMP PHOTO Sessions. CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18. Three sessions available: bit.ly/CampPhoto16

Image ©Meghan McCabe, '15., NESOP workshop student Dennis Geller's photo 'Fallen Apple' was juried into the show The Fine Art of Photography 2016 at the Plymouth Center For The Arts. Show runs April 10-May 14, visit link below for full details., COMING UP IN APRIL: NESOP and The Griffin Museum of Photography Present: Cross Currents III with Mary Virginia Swanson, "Finding Your Audience - An Intro to Marketing Your Photos."

This seminar provides participants with an overview of today's commercial marketplace and is open to NESOP Class of '16 students, and members of The Griffin Museum. [When: Friday, April 22, 1 - 4pm. Where: The Griffin Museum, Winchester, MA.], Fort Point Arts Community presents 're: Development', an exhibition of art as an investigative and visionary tool in approaching the way that urban spaces are owned, operated and utilized. This show features photography from NESOP 2nd year student, Raj Das, in a video installation with Austin Architects.

Exhibition: March 20 – June 27, 2016
Reception: Wednesday, April 6, 2016, 5:30-7:30pm
ArtWeek Curator’s Talk: Wednesday, May 4, 6:00-8:00pm, TONIGHT - Opening reception at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP: Michael Hintlian. March 31, 5:30-7pm. Sponsored by Panopticon Imaging, Rockland, MA., Our Admissions Team will be visiting several New England cities and towns this spring, answering questions and providing information on our Professional Photography Program.

Tomorrow we'll be at the NACAC Hartford National College Fair at the Connecticut Convention Center from 9:00-11:30am (Exhibit Hall A, 100 Columbus Boulevard, Hartford, CT) - check out the link below to see where else you'll find us!, LAST CHANCE to enroll in Digital Camera IC with Fran Osborn-Blaschke... class starts TONIGHT [Wed. 3/30]!

This eight-week introductory course is designed to demystify your digital SLR, giving you a strong foundation in understanding and using the basic functions of your digital camera., Basic Darkroom with Nick Johnson starts tonight, but there's STILL TIME for you to join the fun - don't miss out!, Elin Spring Photography provides a rundown of the local photography events happening this week, including Thursday's opening at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions featuring recent work from Michael Hintlian., THIS SUNDAY: NESOP '13 alum Eric Frazer is the featured artist for an upcoming show at Firehouse 13 in Providence, RI. Reception: Sunday, April 3, 4-8pm.

"The series, titled, "Without A Face", features artist portraits made without showing his/her face directly. Image effects were made in-camera, with Photoshop used only to increase color, contrast and overall image clarity.", RE-OPENED: Digital Camera I - Section C with Fran Osborn-Blaschke! 

This eight-week introductory course is designed to demystify your digital SLR, giving you a strong foundation in understanding and using the basic functions of your digital camera. Wednesday nights starting THIS WEEK [3/30]!, Do you know a teen who is interested in photography? NESOP is now accepting enrollments for our Summer 2016 CAMP PHOTO Sessions. CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18. There are three (3) sessions available, but they fill up quickly! http://bit.ly/CampPhoto16

Image ©Meghan McCabe, '15., TIME IS RUNNING OUT! Registration for our New York City Architectural Photography Workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY ends Tuesday! Early enrollment discount Extended! Dates: April 15 - 17., THIS THURSDAY! Opening reception at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP: Michael Hintlian. March 31, 5:30-7pm. Sponsored by Panopticon Imaging, Rockland, MA., Introduction to Night Photography with Lance Keimig Photographics provides a technical and aesthetic introduction to night photography, exposing students to the various genres of night shooting and preparing them for more advanced and specialized night photography classes. Classes begin April 7.

Image ©Lance Keimig., NESOP Facilities will be closed for Easter on Sunday, March 27th. Facilities will reopen for regular hours on Monday, March 28th. We apologize for any inconvenience., Now open at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Photographs by Michael Hintlian. Show runs through April 22. Opening reception, March 31, 5:30-7pm., Registration Ends Tuesday | Early Enrollment Tuition Discount Extended: New York City Architectural Photography Workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY runs April 15 - 17., NESOP Facilities will be closed for Easter on Sunday, March 27th. Facilities will reopen for regular hours on Monday, March 28th. We apologize for any inconvenience., Do you know a teen who is interested in photography? NESOP is now accepting enrollments for our Summer 2016 CAMP PHOTO Sessions. CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18. There are three (3) sessions available, but they fill up quickly! http://bit.ly/CampPhoto16

Image ©Meghan McCabe, '15., NESOP workshop student Andy Schirmer's new photographic project, “Vanishing Points,” is part of the Atelier 23 Portfolio exhibition on display through April 3rd at the Griffin Museum of Photography, Winchester, MA. View work from this project, below.

"The photographic printing classes I took at NESOP with Sue Anne Hodges Photography were invaluable in helping me print (and love printing generally) the photographs for this exhibition." - Andy Schirmer, TIME IS RUNNING OUT! ENROLL NOW! 

Portraiture II with Kate Murphy focuses on location portraiture as well as advanced studio lighting. Class meets Tuesdays at 6pm beginning next week. Register ---> http://bit.ly/PortraitureII, Still time to reserve your spot in our 'Creative Lighting with Speedlights' workshop, taught by Shawn Read - but you must register SOON! Class meets Wednesday nights this spring ---> http://bit.ly/CLSpeedlights, Images from the opening reception for The Photographic Resource Center's 14th Annual Student Exhibition, including work from five NESOP students: Sasha Greenhalgh, Li Han, Sebastian Hibbert, Logan Roderick, and Abbie Searl., COMING UP: NESOP '13 alum Eric Frazer is the featured artist for an upcoming show at Firehouse 13 in Providence, RI. Reception: Sunday, April 3, 4-8pm.

"The series, titled, "Without A Face", features artist portraits made without showing his/her face directly. Image effects were made in-camera, with Photoshop used only to increase color, contrast and overall image clarity.", Still some space available in our Intensive Digital Camera IA workshop with Keitaro Yoshioka. 

This 10-week class is specifically designed for the beginner looking to gain substantial knowledge of digital photography, establish a solid command of their digital SLR camera and challenge themselves visually to make interesting and exciting photographs. Class meets every Thursday, 10a-4p beginning March 31., Portraiture II with Kate Murphy focuses on location portraiture as well as advanced studio lighting. Class meets Tuesdays at 6pm beginning next week. Register NOW before class fills ---> http://bit.ly/PortraitureII, Introduction to Food Photography is a 12-week workshop with Chris Vaccaro that will introduce students to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising and editorial to social media and smartphone photography, all areas will be explored.

Class meets Thursday evenings beginning March 31 (THAT'S NEXT WEEK!): http://bit.ly/FoodPhotoI, This Spring, NESOP offers two levels of darkroom workshops. Watch the attached video to find which course is best for you, then visit the links below for full details - if interested, enroll ASAP to ensure you get a spot!

Basic: http://bit.ly/BasicDarkroom
Advanced: http://bit.ly/AdvancedDarkroom, Now open at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Michael Hintlian. Show run: March 21 - April 22. Opening reception, March 31, 5:30-7pm., Still time to reserve your spot in our 'Creative Lighting with Speedlights' workshop, taught by Shawn Read. Class meets Wednesday nights this spring - register by end of day TODAY (3/21) to take $30. off cost of course ---> http://bit.ly/CLSpeedlights, Portraiture II with Kate Murphy focuses on location portraiture as well as advanced studio lighting. Class meets Tuesdays at 6pm beginning next week. Enroll today (3/21) to save $30. using our early registration discount ---> http://bit.ly/PortraitureII, There is still some space available in our 'Intro to Studio Lighting' workshop with Bruno Debas. Class meets Monday nights beginning next week. Register by end of the day TODAY (3/21) to save $30.!, REMINDER: Today (3/21) is the LAST DAY to receive our early enrollment discount on spring workshops. If you're thinking about taking a class this spring, be sure to register TODAY to save!, Opening next week at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Michael Hintlian, March 21 - April 22. Opening reception, March 31, 5:30-7pm., Now accepting enrollment for Summer 2016 CAMP PHOTO Sessions: CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18. 3 sessions available. bit.ly/CampPhoto16

Image ©Meghan McCabe, '15., Our "Creative Lighting with Speedlights" workshop with Shawn Read runs Wednesday nights this spring beginning March 30. 

For more info, check out the video below, then enroll here by Monday, March 21 to receive tuition discount --> 
http://bit.ly/CreativeLightingSpdlts, Today is your LAST CHANCE to sign up for Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, THIS Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20.

Over the course of the weekend, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer. First come, first served., Students selected for the Flash Forward Festival's 4th Annual 'Undergraduate Photography Now' Exhibition have been announced, including NESOP students Rachel Martin and Ben Rapkin.

This show is a celebration of New England's best student photographers, and will be open April 7 - May 1, 2016 at The Griffin Museum of Photography. Reception, May 1, 4-7PM., TONIGHT: Opening Reception for The Photographic Resource Center's 14th Annual Student Exhibition, including work from five NESOP students: Sasha Greenhalgh, Li Han, Sebastian Hibbert, Logan Roderick, and Abbie Searl. Come out and support your fellow NESOPers!

Thursday, March 17 | 5:30-8pm | 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., New York City Architectural Photography Workshop with Keitaro Yoshioka runs April 15 - 17, 2016. Enroll by 3/21 to save $30. off cost of class.

Details ---> http://bit.ly/NYCArchitectureWorkshop, This Spring, NESOP offers two levels of darkroom workshops. Watch the attached video to find which course is best for you, then visit the links below for full details, and to enroll.

Basic: http://bit.ly/BasicDarkroom
Advanced: http://bit.ly/AdvancedDarkroom, Intro to Food Photography, Night Photography, Lighting, Portraiture, and many, many more workshops offered this spring!
Visit NESOP.edu/workshops for a full list of classes offered, then register by March 21 to receive our early enrollment rate., THIS WEEKEND! There are still some seats available in Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20.

Over the course of two days, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer. First come, first served., THIS THURSDAY: Opening Reception for The Photographic Resource Center's 14th Annual Student Exhibition, including work from five NESOP students: Sasha Greenhalgh, Li Han, Sebastian Hibbert, Logan Roderick, and Abbie Searl. Come out and support your fellow NESOPers!

Thursday, March 17 | 5:30-8pm | 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., NESOP and The Griffin Museum of Photography Present: Cross Currents III with Mary Virginia Swanson, "Finding Your Audience - An Intro to Marketing Your Photos."  

This seminar provides participants with an overview of today's commercial marketplace and is open to NESOP Class of '16 students, and members of The Griffin Museum. [When: Friday, April 22, 1 - 4pm. Where: The Griffin Museum, Winchester, MA.], REMINDER: The deadline to receive the lower early enrollment tuition rate is one week away. Please be sure to register and pay in full before 5pm on Monday, March 21st to receive this lower tuition rate., Introduction to Food Photography is a 12-week workshop with Chris Vaccaro that will introduce students to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising and editorial to social media and smartphone photography, all areas will be explored. 

Class meets Thursday evenings beginning March 31. Enroll by 3/21 to save $30. http://bit.ly/FoodPhotoI, NESOP Owner/President Bill Carruthers and his wife Karen met with The Who frontman Roger Daltrey during Monday night's "The Who Hits 50!" concert at Boston's TD Garden.

A portion of the proceeds from every ticket sold went to Daltrey's primary charity, Teen Cancer America. Photo Credit: William Snyder., New York City Architectural Photography Workshop with Keitaro Yoshioka runs April 15 - 17, 2016. Enroll by 3/21 to save $30. off cost of class.

Details ---> http://bit.ly/NYCArchitectureWorkshop, NESOP alum Eric Antoniou ('88) currently has a number of his images of music's most legendary acts, including Mick Jagger, Kurt Cobain and David Bowie, exhibited at The Cabot Performing Arts Center in Beverly, MA.

Exhibition is open through April. See more of Antoniou's work at EricAntoniou.com., We are proud to announce that NESOP will be participating in The Magenta Foundation's Flash Forward Festival this spring, hosting one of their six Curated Container Exhibitions. 

On Wednesday May 4, The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions will present an Artist's Talk by Alexandros Lambrovassilis on his exhibit Ellenikon, a documentary investigation of Greece's abandoned National Airport. Reception to follow., Intro to Food Photography, Night Photography, Lighting, Portraiture, and many, many more workshops offered this spring! 

Visit NESOP.edu/workshops for a full list of classes offered, then register by March 21 to receive our early enrollment rate., COMING UP: Still some seats available in Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20.

Over the course of two days, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer. First come, first served., Opening Reception for Tsar Fedorsky's 'The Light Under the Door' at The Garner Center at NESOP., The Photographic Resource Center's 14th Annual Student Exhibition opens THIS Thursday, March 10, and includes work from five NESOP students: Sasha Greenhalgh, Li Han, Sebastian Hibbert, Logan Roderick, and Abbie Searl.

Opening Reception | Thursday, March 17 | 5:30-8pm | 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., The Photographic Historical Society of New England presents the 85th Photographica Show, Saturday, April 2 | 9 AM - 4 PM | Newton, MA.

"Browse and buy images, antique and usable cameras, equipment and ephemera. There will be tables filled with Leicas, Rolleiflexs, and Hasselblads as well as other medium and large format cameras at prices that can't be beat anywhere else.", If you liked Dana Smith’s first 'Photographing People' workshop, you’re going to love Photographing People II. This workshop is not quite an ‘advanced’ version of the original, but a continuation of the conversation from Photographing People I. 

Tuesdays at 5:30pm this Spring, beginning March 29. Image ©John Benford, '11., Introduction to Studio Lighting with Bruno Debas is a course designed for people who wish to learn to use studio lighting and digital capture skills to create dynamic images. 

Mondays at 6PM this Spring, beginning March 28., Lots of photography exhibitions, events, and openings happening in Boston this weekend, and Elin Spring Photography has already done the research and lined them up for you - all you have to do is go!, TOMORROW NIGHT: Opening Reception for Vermont Center for Photography's 2016 Open Juried Exhibition, curated by Paula Tognarelli of the Griffin Museum of Photography. Show features work by NESOP's own Fran Osborn Blaschke. Friday, March 4 | 5:30-8:30PM | Brattleboro, VT., Guggenheim award -winning photographer Jim Dow presented an artist talk to NESOP 2nd year students on his large format color work from the last 25 years., COMING UP: Still some seats available in Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20.

Over the course of two days, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer. First come, first served., Check out Elin Spring Photography's review of Tsar Fedorsky’s 'The Light Under the Door', open now at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. Opening reception is TONIGHT, March 3rd from 5:30 – 7:00pm. Free and open to the public. 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., COMING UP: Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery presents an Opening Reception for 'FEAST: Images of the Edible' on Saturday, March 12. Show is open now through April 2 and features work from 29 New England artists, including several NESOP workshop and full-time students. Juried by Kaveh Mojtabai, Founder & Pulisher of artscope magazine. Visit http://bit.ly/Gal7Feast for full details.

IMAGE: "Hunter or Hunted" archival inkjet print by Liz McGranaghan, a student of Chris Vaccaro's Food Photography workshop., Now accepting enrollment for Summer 2016 CAMP PHOTO Sessions: CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18. This summer's program is for students interested in the world of digital and traditional black & white film photography. 3 sessions available. Image ©Andy Moran, '14., Registration for our Spring '16 Photography Workshops is OPEN!

If you love photography, NESOP is where you want to be this spring. Register by March 21st to receive our early enrollment rate., THIS THURSDAY: Opening reception for Tsar Fedorsky | The Light Under the Door. March 3, 5:30-7pm at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. Free and open to the public., Registration for our Spring '16 Photography Workshops is NOW OPEN.

If you love photography, NESOP is where you want to be this spring. Register by March 21st to receive our early enrollment rate. Image © Brian Walters., HAPPENING NOW! Happy Hour / Closing Reception at The Photographic Resource Center for 'Instantly Yours' & 'Off the Fridge' - Friday, February 26th, 4-7pm, FREE & OPEN to the public., The Boston Press Photographers Association [BPPA] has announced the 2015 Contest winners, including 3 NESOP alums: 
Nicolaus Czarnecki ('06), 2nd Place, General News [Metro Boston]
Keiko Hiromi Photography ('05), Honorable Mention I, Politics
John Wilcox ('95), Honorable Mention III, Animal [Boston Herald]

See all winners and winning images via link below. Image  ©Nicolaus Czarnecki., Congratulations to the following 5 students who were selected for inclusion in the Photographic Resource Center's 2016 Student Exhibition! Show opens March 10. Reception March 17, 5:30-8pm.

Sasha Greenhalgh
Li Han
Sebastian Hibbert
Logan Roderick
Abbie Searl, THIS WEEKEND: A couple of seats have just opened up in our 2-day 'Lighting for Portraiture' workshop with Kate Murphy. First come, first served - if interested, enroll NOW.

"This course is an intensive introduction to methodologies of portrait lighting, teaching photographers how to use light creatively to make compelling pictures of people." [Sat. & Sun., Feb 27 - 28], Registration for our Spring '16 Photography Workshops is NOW OPEN.

If you love photography, NESOP is where you want to be this spring. Register by March 21st to receive our early enrollment rate. Image © Lauren Geshel ('13.), Now open at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Tsar Fedorsky | The Light Under the Door. Reception: Next Thursday, March 3, 5:30-7pm., If you're interested in a career as a professional photographer, take the first step and join us for our Spring Open House, May 1 from 11a-2p. Find out how a NESOP education can help make your dream a reality., COMING UP: Still some seats available in Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20.

Over the course of two days, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer., NESOP workshop student Michael Hatfield has published a 240-page book, "A World View of Wildlife,” that incorporates photos of wild animals that he has taken in over 20 countries, during more than a decade of world travels to four continents.

"I have attended multiple photography courses at NESOP in the past, and also an Adobe software class (Lightroom) which was instrumental in helping me publish my book on wildlife photography in November 2014. Photography is generally at close range as I generally travel by myself with two guides. I specifically love photography of animals, although it can be extremely challenging… the animals are not going to “hang around” or “sit/stand still” for you!" - Michael Hatfield, THIS FRIDAY! Happy Hour / Closing Reception at The Photographic Resource Center for 'Instantly Yours' & 'Off the Fridge' - Friday, February 26th, 4-7pm, FREE & OPEN to the public., NESOP '13 alum Eric Frazer is the featured artist for an upcoming show at Firehouse 13 in Providence, RI. Reception: Sunday, April 3, 4-8pm.

"The series, titled, "Without A Face", features artist portraits made without showing his/her face directly.  Image effects were made in-camera, with Photoshop used only to increase color, contrast and overall image clarity.", Photos from Panopticon Gallery's Opening Reception for 'Small Camera Bonanza' - open now through April 19, 2016., Photos from the closing reception and book-signing for Sarah Malakoff's 'Interior Portraits' at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP are up now at Facebook.com/TheGarnerCenterBoston/., Now open at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Tsar Fedorsky | The Light Under the Door. Reception: Thursday, March 3, 5:30-7pm. Gallery is open today until 5pm.

"Tsar Fedorsky’s The Light Under the Door is a serious and tender investigation into the question of personal fulfillment as she reflects on the choices she’s made in her own life. The photographs reveal hope, longing, and at times perhaps even disappointment.", Laura Pineda's Portraiture students visited The Hampshire House in Boston's Beacon Hill neighborhood to conduct a mock wedding., "NESOP gave me the strong technical foundation I needed to get my career started, as well as the license to experiment with new ideas. The class critiques were enjoyable as well as in depth, and I have based my own teaching style on what I learned there." - Leah Cirker-Stark, workshop student.

Leah photographs portraits and events professionally, and has also been teaching photography to adults and middle school students. To see more of Leah's work, visit: http://leahcsphotography.com. Image ©Leah C-S Photography., NESOP '05 alum Ben Alper is featured in the current issue of Juxtapoz Magazine for his series 'Background Noise'.

"Ben Alper’s series “Background Noise,” created between 2011-2013, is a collection of psychedelic reproductions of the pictures we all have sitting in boxes in attics somewhere. Alpert takes these photographs, which depict the American daydream in many ways, and twists them into surreal and borderline eery works.", Opening today at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP: 'The Light Under the Door | Tsar Fedorsky', February 15 - March 18, 2016., TONIGHT | 7PM: catch NESOP '86 alum Danny Clinch Photography on 60 Minutes.

Clinch shares his incredible moments and unique images of music's biggest stars with Anderson Cooper on the eve of the Grammys, the event he has photographed for the past 13 years., Opening this week at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP: 'The Light Under the Door | Tsar Fedorsky', February 15 - March 18, 2016., Still some seats available in Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20.

Over the course of two days, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer., NESOP e-Gift Cards make a great last minute Valentine's Day gift! Gift cards can be used toward photography workshops and facilities rentals - order here in just a few easy steps: http://bit.ly/NESOPGiftCard, TONIGHT: Opening Reception for Small Camera Bonanza at Panopticon Gallery. February 12th, 5:30 - 7:30pm.

This exhibition will feature photographs by Glen Scheffer, Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Michael Donnor, Michael Hintlian, Jeremy Ackman, Emily Belz, Emmanuelle Germain, Samuel Quinn, Ryan Sanborn, and more., NESOP alums Ryan McBride ('11) and John Wilcox ('95) are the featured photographers for The Boston Herald's coverage of this week's Democratic Party celebration in New Hampshire., This Sunday, catch NESOP '86 alum Danny Clinch Photography on 60Minutes at 7pm, EST.

Clinch shares his incredible moments and unique images of music's biggest stars with Anderson Cooper on the eve of the Grammys, the event he has photographed for the past 13 years., TOMORROW NIGHT! Opening Reception for Small Camera Bonanza at Panopticon Gallery. February 12th, 5:30 - 7:30pm.

This exhibition will feature photographs by Glen Scheffer, Bill Franson (faculty), Stephen Sheffield (faculty), Michael Donnor (workshop student), Michael Hintlian (faculty), Jeremy Ackman, Emily Belz, Emmanuelle Germain, Samuel Quinn ('09), Ryan Sanborn, and others to be announced., TONIGHT at the Photographic Resource Center: Celebrate Photo-Truck Day with Mike Mandel & Local Legends, 6:30-8pm.

"An exciting baseball / photo-themed evening - with peanuts, cracker jacks, beer, and fantastic photographic folks celebrating Truck Day & Mike Mandel's now very scarce boxed collection "Good 70s" on Wedsneday, February 10th (note date change)., NESOP workshop student Dennis Geller recently had his image, 'Hanging Rope, Arlington' included in 'PHOTOcentric 2015 | Annual International Juried Photography Exhibition' curated by Julie Saul of Julie Saul Gallery, and shown at Garrison Art Center, NY.

To see more of Dennis' work, visit: www.dennisgeller.net, Congratulations to fashion photographer and NESOP '12 alum, Patrick Sporleder, he is The Boston Globe's featured 'My Instagram' artist.

"My main passion is fashion photography, but I’ve enjoyed taking photos of real estate as well. My other job/passion would be photo-retouching. I retouch for photographers in Boston.", Still some seats available in Blake Fitch's 2-day weekend workshop: Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World, Sat. & Sun. March 19 - 20. 

Over the course of two days, artist, curator and former museum director Blake Fitch addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer., Coming up next at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: 'The Light Under the Door | Tsar Fedorsky', February 15 - March 18, 2016., NEXT FRIDAY: Opening Reception for Small Camera Bonanza at Panopticon Gallery. February 12th, 5:30 - 7:30pm.

This exhibition will feature photographs by Glen Scheffer, Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Michael Donnor, Michael Hintlian, Jeremy Ackman, Emily Belz, Emmanuelle Germain, Samuel Quinn, Ryan Sanborn, and others to be announced., NESOP '98 Applied Program graduate Paul S. Robinson has 7 images featured in an article on Market 32 in the Spring 2016 issue of Foodies of New England Magazine:  http://bit.ly/FoodiesOfNES16 

"The one thing I will say about NESOP is that it helped me to create a solid foundation of photography skills to sustain and build my twenty year career as a professional photographer." - Paul S. Robinson, NESOP workshop student Astrid Reischwitz's work is part of Danforth Art's 'The Memory Palace: Domesticity, Objects, and the Interior - Part II' through March 6.

"In the Bedroom: In this series, Astrid Reischwitz focuses solely on the domestic space we consider off-limits to public consumption. Her photographs of beds and the objects which immediately surround them make public the most personal, and least shared, space in our homes." See more of Astrid's work at: www.ReischwitzPhotography.com., Elin Spring Photography gives you a few good reasons to hit the town this week, starting tonight at the Artist Reception and Book Signing for Sarah Malakoff's 'Interior Portraits' here at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. 5:30-7pm. 537 Commonwealth Ave., 2nd Floor, Boston., Call for Entries: The Griffin Museum of Photography is now accepting submissions for their 22nd Annual Juried Show. Deadline: March 31, 2016., NESOP workshop student Shravan Batlanki has his work featured in the Hammer Nutrition product catalog (p.8). Shravan has taken Portraiture workshops with Dana Smith and Kate Murphy.

"At the time of taking the picture, I was in the midst of Portrait Photography class offered by NESOP. The course helped me to a great extent where I was able to shoot at a bicycle race under extreme conditions. I was able to implement the techniques that I learned at NESOP and my instructors guidance was really the key for me to capture such a great picture. I would really recommend NESOP to anyone who is interested in any level of photography. The instructors are great and they really know what they are talking about and teaching you.", CALL FOR ENTRY: The Magenta Foundation's Flash Forward Festival returns this spring, and with it comes the 4th Annual Undergraduate Photography Now! exhibition.

Open to Junior and Senior Photography Majors in all New England States. This year, the exhibition moves to the Griffin Museum of Photography. Submit by March 6, 2016, 11:59PM. Accepted photographers will be notified by March 14, 2016., NESOP workshop student Lisa Fitzgerald has several of her portraits of tobacco workers taken in Nicaragua in 1982, and of the same people taken over the last 4 years, included in “The Testimony of Faces”, an exhibition at Boston College opening March 1st at the Theology and Ministry Library., Elin Spring Photography reviews our current exhibition at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions, Sarah Malakoff's "Interior Portraits", open through February 12. Artist reception and book signing tomorrow night, Thursday, Feb. 4, 5:30-7pm., NEXT WEEK: The Photographic Resource Center presents: Photo-Truck Day with Mike Mandel & Local Legends.

Celebrate Photography, Baseball, and Truck Day: Thursday, February 11, 6:30-8pm. This event is FREE & open to the public., UP NEXT at Panopticon Gallery: Small Camera Bonanza. Opening Reception, Friday, February 12th, 5:30 - 7:30pm. 

This exhibition, on display from February 12 - April 19th, will feature photographs by Glen Scheffer, Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Michael Donnor, Michael Hintlian, Jeremy Ackman, Emily Belz, Emmanuelle Germain, Samuel Quinn, Ryan Sanborn, and others to be announced., Destination Workshop - Spring Break 2016: Panama City Beach, Florida | Documenting an American Tradition. March 13-19.
This intensive 7-day workshop (6 days instruction + 1 day travel) immerses students directly into the heart of an American tradition where they will have access to dynamic shooting environments around the clock. PRICE $699. Price is for workshop instruction only. Image ©Eric Dietrich., THIS THURSDAY at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Artist Reception and Book Signing for 'Interior Portraits' | Sarah Malakoff. February 4, 5:30 - 7pm. Free and open to the public.

Sarah Malakoff’s Interior Portraits take a closer look at the displayed family photograph, investigating how the venerated objects on our walls connect the present to the past., If you're considering submitting work to the Photographic Resource Center's 20th Annual Juried Exhibition, EXPOSURE: 2016, the deadline is just 6 days away! Submit by Sunday, February 7, 11:59pm. Show run: April 28 − June 26, 2016., NESOP workshop student, food / fashion photographer, Hien H. Nguyen was featured by photography website, The Phoblographer, for his food photography. You can see more of Hien's work at: http://hienhnguyen-photographer.com. 

"My formal photography education was gained from the fantastic evening workshops offered by the New England School of Photography. I took 6 courses there (focusing on studio, creative lighting, and fashion/beauty). Because of this training, I think I am quite proficient with lighting. I don’t really take photos as much as I make them, given my subject matters." - Hien H. Nguyen, Congrats to NESOP '11 alum Catalina Piedrahita Photography - her newly opened restaurant / art gallery, The Middle Gray Café, was named one of Boston Magazine's Best Breakfasts in Boston.

Check them out for yourself, 6 Station Street, Brookline, MA., Opening reception for 2 shows at The Photographic Resource Center: Instantly Yours and The Curated Fridge's 'Off the Fridge' exhibitions. Open now through 2/21/16., NESOP workshop student Matt Grymek recently received an Honorable Mention in the Appalachian Mountain Club's 21st Annual Photo Contest for his image, 'Retreating from the Cold' taken on Mount Washington, N.H., January 2015. To see all winning images, visit: http://bit.ly/AMCPhotoContest, Destination Workshop - Spring Break 2016: Panama City Beach, Florida | Documenting an American Tradition. March 13-19.

This intensive 7-day workshop (6 days instruction & 1 day travel) immerses students directly into the heart of an American tradition where they will have access to dynamic shooting environments around the clock. PRICE $699. Price is for workshop instruction only. Image ©Eric Dietrich., NESOP workshop student Rachel Krebs has been selected to display her work at the Belmont Public Library, now through February 4, 2016. Follow the link below to view her images, then visit Krebs Photos for more info on her work!, The Boston Globe's Mark Feeney reviews The Griffin Museum of Photography's 3 new shows, including 'Domesticated: Seeing Past Seduction' | Photographs by Yorgos Efthymiadis (NESOP '13.)

Open now through March 6th | 67 Shore Road, Winchester, MA., Next Thursday, Feb. 4: The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions presents Artist Reception for "Interior Portraits" by Sarah Malakoff, 5:30-7pm. Show runs through Friday, February 12.

Sarah Malakoff’s Interior Portraits take a closer look at the displayed family photograph, investigating how the venerated objects on our walls connect the present to the past., Coming up next week: NIGHTS AT THE PRC: Instagram, Social Media, & Photography. A night of exploring the social photo-sharing world of Instagram, with discussions on how to manage it personally and professionally, as well as ideas and issues related to cell phone photography itself.

Wednesday, February 3rd, 6:30 - 8pm, hosted by Sonia Targontsidis at The Photographic Resource Center., Didn't get in on our Winter 2016 workshops, but don't want to wait until Spring to take a photography class? 

Check out these 5 weekend workshops we have coming up in February / March - each class is only 1 to 3 days long!, Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World is a 2-day weekend workshop with artist, curator and former museum director, Blake Fitch. 

In this course, Blake addresses what it takes to make it as a professional fine art photographer. Students should have a body of work in progress that they are looking to market. Class meets Saturday & Sunday, March 19-20, 10a-5pm., Artists for the The Curated Fridge & Photographic Resource Center's "Off the Fridge" exhibition have been revealed, including more than a dozen NESOP alums, students, faculty, administration, and workshop students. 

The actual images will be revealed TONIGHT at the Opening Reception for the PRC's "Instantly Yours" exhibition. Thursday, January 21st, 5:30 - 8:00pm. 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., ONE-DAY WORKSHOP, COMING UP:

Platinum Printing 101 with Ron Cowie Photo is a fun one-day workshop [Sat., Feb. 6] that introduces students to platinum printing; one of the most sought after processes in the fine art world. To learn more, check out the video below. To enroll, visit ---> bit.ly/1RnPxLl, OPEN NOW AT The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Interior Portraits – Sarah Malakoff. Show runs through Friday, February 12. Reception: Thursday, February 4, 5:30 - 7pm. 

Sarah Malakoff’s Interior Portraits take a closer look at the displayed family photograph, investigating how the venerated objects on our walls connect the present to the past., THIS THURSDAY: The Photographic Resource Center presents: Preview/Makers Party - "Instantly Yours",  and Opening "Off the Fridge" [The Curated Fridge] Exhibitions run: January 21 − February 21, 2016. Come out and support some fellow NESOPers and the Boston photo community!

Thursday, Jan. 21, 5:30-8pm. 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., NEXT MONTH: NESOP is offering two (2!) opportunities to take a weekend-long night photography workshop with instructor Lance Keimig - don't miss out!

Light Painting: bit.ly/1P2Y0n3
Full Moon: bit.ly/1OtuaSX, COMING UP! Platinum Printing 101 with Ron Cowie Photo is a fun one-day workshop [Sat., Feb. 6] that will introduce students to platinum printing; one of the most sought after processes in the fine art world. To learn more, check out the video below. To enroll, visit ---> bit.ly/1RnPxLl, NOW OPEN AT The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Interior Portraits – Sarah Malakoff.

Sarah Malakoff’s Interior Portraits take a closer look at the displayed family photograph, investigating how the venerated objects on our walls connect the present to the past. Show runs through February 12. Reception: February 4, 5:30 - 7pm., Call for Entry for the Photographic Resource Center's "Instantly Yours": A One of a Kind Exhibition of Instant & Instagram Photography.

Show: January 21, 2016 - February 21, 2016
Preview/Makers Party: Thursday, January 21, 2016, 5:30-8pm
Closing/Pickup Party: Thursday, February 18, 2016, 5:30-8pm, Call for Entry info and Juror Announcement for The Photographic Resource Center's 20th Annual Juried Exhibition, EXPOSURE: 2016., Opening Monday, January 11 at The Garner Center:
Interior Portraits – Sarah Malakoff.

Sarah Malakoff’s Interior Portraits take a closer look at the displayed family photograph, investigating how the venerated objects on our walls connect the present to the past. Show runs through February 12. Reception: February 4, 5:30 - 7pm., Photography contest deadlines approaching, including PDN’s Photo Annual with competition categories in: student work, photojournalism, documentary, video, multimedia advertising, editorial, photo books, sports, self-promotion, stock photography, and personal work., Next Thursday, January 14 at The Griffin Museum of Photography, new shows opening, including "Domesticated: Seeing Past Seduction" by NESOP '13 alum Yorgos Efthymiadis.

- Member's Gallery talk with Yorgos at 6:15pm
- Opening Reception: 7-8:30pm
- Photo: © Yorgos Efthymiadis, TONIGHT! We have 3 open spots remaining in our Intro to Night Photography workshop with Lance Keimig - class meets Thursday evenings through February 25. 

Photographing at night has grown from the obscure practice of a few night owls to a widely accessible range of fascinating sub-specialties such as astro-landscape photography, full moon photography, urban night photography, light painting, and light drawing., TONIGHT! Still a couple of spots left in Basic Darkroom with Nick Johnson. The class goal is to produce a high quality negative and technically strong black & white prints.

Class runs Thursday evenings through March 24 - just think of how fast your winter will go by if you're learning a new skill and taking a class that you love!, NESOP Black and White Photography instructor Stephen Sheffield gets a nod in The Boston Globe's 'New Shows' feature for his work in "Big Picture III,” an annual show staged by Fort Point Arts Community: bit.ly/1RrZ2aS

"Self Portrait as a Man" - toned and distressed silver gelatin and mixed media, 19ft x 9ft ©Stephen Sheffield Photography & Mixed Media., 'Photographing People' with Dana Smith begins TOMORROW, Tuesday, Jan. 5 - time is running out, ENROLL NOW ---> http://bit.ly/PhotoPeople.

To learn more about this class, check out the video below!, Looking to learn something new this year? Our Winter 2016 workshops begin THIS WEEK! Still a few seats available in some classes, including: Portraiture I with Kate Murphy, Basic or Advanced Darkroom with Nick Johnson, Photographing People with Dana Smith, Digital Camera I + II,  Interior Design with Keitaro Yoshioka, and more - enroll today: http://www.nesop.edu/workshops/, Interior Design Photography with Keitaro Yoshioka begins TOMORROW, Tuesday, Jan. 5, and for one time only, this class is being offered at $595. - the next time this class runs, it will be at its regular price of $725. Take advantage of this discounted rate while you can! Image ©Keitaro Yoshioka., “Online courses and blogs can only do so much when compared with coming in and actually taking photographs with an instructor. I’m so glad I did this!” - Elizabeth M. on 'Digital Camera I' w/ Fran Osborn-Blaschke, available this winter at NESOP!, NESOP is offering two levels of Portraiture Photography Workshops this winter, but time to enroll is quickly running out. Find out which course is best for you and register TODAY!

- Portraiture I with Kate Murphy: http://bit.ly/1VmR8Qw
- Portraiture II with Laura Pineda: http://bit.ly/1TmW6LM, If you're interested in taking our Interior Design Photography workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY, time is running out - enroll NOW! Class meets Tuesdays this winter for 10 weeks beginning January 5th. Image ©Keitaro Yoshioka.

(Note: For one time only, this class is being offered at $595. - the next time this class runs, it will be at its regular tuition of $725.), If you're interested in taking 'Photographing People', time is running out! ENROLL NOW ---> http://bit.ly/PhotoPeople. 

To learn more about this class, check out the video below with instructor Dana Smith Photography. Class meets Tuesday evenings for 10 weeks beginning January 5th., NESOP is offering two levels of Portraiture Photography Workshops this winter - find out which course is best for you!

Portraiture I with Kate Murphy: http://bit.ly/1VmR8Qw
Portraiture II with Laura Pineda: http://bit.ly/1TmW6LM, Want to take a darkroom workshop with Nick Johnson, but unsure about which class is best suited to your skill level? Check out this video, then visit the links below for more info, and to enroll!

Basic Darkroom: http://bit.ly/1JcwRLN
Advanced Darkroom: http://bit.ly/1OUHAqM, Documentary Photography meets Tuesdays this winter from 10am - 1pm, beginning January 5., Still a couple of seats available in our Interior Design Photography workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY! Class meets Tuesdays this winter for 10 weeks beginning January 5th.

Students will learn essential skills for creating dynamic interior design photographs, including composition, lighting, exposure and post-production., Still a few seats available in some of our Winter 2016 workshops, including: Interior Design with Keitaro Yoshioka, Portraiture I + II with Kate Murphy (I) and Laura Pineda(II), Basic or Advanced Darkroom with Nick Johnson, Photographing People with Dana Smith, Digital Camera I + II, and more.

Today is your LAST CHANCE to take advantage of our early enrollment discount rate!, Still a few seats available in Photographing People with Dana Smith Photography. This course is designed to help photographers enhance their skills in creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or on the street. 

Meets Tuesday evenings for 10 weeks beginning January 5th. Register by TODAY, Dec. 28th, and SAVE $30.00 off the cost of the class!, Today is your LAST CHANCE to take advantage of our early enrollment discount on Winter Workshops! 

Still space available in a number of classes, including: Business of Weddings, Interior Design, Portraiture I + II, Basic or Advanced Darkroom, Photographing People, Digital Camera I + II, and more - enroll today!, NESOP HOLIDAY HOURS: 
Facilities are closed through January 3

Main Office hours:
Monday, December 21st 9a-4p
Tuesday, December 22nd 9a-4p
Wednesday, December 23rd 9a-1p
(CLOSED: December 24th - December 27th)
Monday, December 28th 9a-4p
Tuesday, December 29th 9a-4p
Wednesday, December 30th 9a-4p
(CLOSED: December 31st - January 3rd), REMINDER: The deadline to receive our discounted early enrollment rate is just one week from today! Be sure to enroll by 5pm on Monday, Dec. 28th to take advantage of this opportunity., Our Winter Photography Workshops begin the first week of January - kick off the new year right., Not sure what to give the photography enthusiast in your life? Now you can order NESOP E-Gift Certificates online!, Photographing People I with Dana Smith is an advanced course designed to help photographers enhance their skills creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or out on the street. Tuesday evenings this winter beginning January 5., Robert Klein Gallery brings Paris Photo to Newbury Street, Boston.
 
"The display featured works that were meant to be shown during the international photography exhibition Paris Photo 2015. Klein was present for this year’s Paris Photo, which ended early because of the Nov. 13 terrorist attacks." - The Boston Globe, Our Portraiture II Workshop with Laura Pineda builds on the skills explored in Portraiture I, focusing on location portraiture as well as advanced studio lighting. Wednesday evenings this winter. 

Not quite ready for Portraiture II? There's still space available in Portraiture I, Tuesday evenings., "Fran was knowledgeable, helpful, and very patient. This class far exceeded my expectations." - Kathleen M., Digital Camera I student, Fall '15 Workshops

Still space available in Digital Camera I w/ Fran on Wednesday evenings this winter - enroll now!, NESOP Fine Art Black & White instructor Stephen Sheffield's large mixed-media Red Sox piece is now displayed in the Hotel Commonwealth Boston's new Red Sox suite. 

The piece was also featured in The Boston Globe's recent article about the new accommodations. [pictured], NESOP HOLIDAY HOURS: 
Facilities will be closed December 21 - January 3

Main Office hours are as follows:
Monday, December 21st 9a-4p
Tuesday, December 22nd 9a-4p
Wednesday, December 23rd 9a-1p
(Closed December 24th - December 27th)
 
Monday, December 28th 9a-4p
Tuesday, December 29th 9a-4p
Wednesday, December 30th 9a-4p
(Closed December 31st - January 3rd), The artists for The Curated Fridge's December / January exhibition curated by Bruce Myren of the Photographic Resource Center have been announced, and include a number of NESOP faculty, alums and students, as well as many other talented artists:  

Andrew MK Warren, Asia Kepka, Astrid Reischwitz, Eric Nichols, Erin Carey, Hazel Davies, Helen Jones, Hye-Ryoung Min, Jen Barrows, Jenna Darcy, Lissa Rivera, Logan Roderick, Michael Hintlian, Rachel Higgins, Robyn Day, Sabrina Eschman, Sarah Malakoff, Sebastian Hibbert, Silke Hase, Suzanne Revy and Zach Stephens., Now you can order NESOP e-gift cards online and give the gift of photography all year long!, TOMORROW NIGHT!  Opening Reception for 'Room for Thought' at The Middle Gray featuring work from NESOP alums Cameron MacMartin, Yoonjoo Kim and Kaylee Cataldo-Perry.

Thursday, Dec. 10 | 7PM | 6 Station St., Brookline Village., Our Winter 2016 Workshop Schedule and Registration are now live on our BRAND NEW WEBSITE, www.nesop.edu.

On our new site, you'll find locating and enrolling in one or several workshops easier than ever. Some improvements include:
--> One payment functionality. With a new shopping cart-style registration system, you can register for one or several workshops and pay for all of them at once.  
--> Cleaner enrollment process and no more lengthy contracts. The enrollment contract for your workshop is again, similar to a shopping cart, where you are able to review your "purchase" details and you are provided the school's refund policy before you submit payment.  Your registration will, as always, also be confirmed via email.
--> 24/7 online assistance in finding the right workshop for you.  Our Workshop Finder Tool has been updated to include our new offerings and is easy to locate via a one-button click from the Workshops page.  We hope you find it useful.
--> Make your search as targeted and efficient as you like. You have the ability to filter the workshops (current only or all) workshops that you want to see by category and by time offered (daytime, evening, weekend, etc.), so you can browse all of our offerings or view only the workshops you know will fit into your schedule., We are excited to announce that NESOP has launched its newly designed website at: www.NESOP.edu.
 
As with any website launch, we'll be tinkering with items over the next few weeks, so bear with us as we implement additional updates that will further improve your experience on the site. We're confident that this new site offers a more modern, clean aesthetic and superior functionality, and we hope that you enjoy it., Check out the highlights from the Photographic Resource Center's 39th year, preview their upcoming 40th year, and find out how YOU can help and give back to Boston's amazing art community!, This show features work from NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield, NESOP '14 alum Corinne DiPietro, as well as several other artists. Open through Feb. 9, 2016., Winter 2016 Workshops - Registration Update: Please bear with us as we work to launch NESOP's Winter 2016 Photographic Workshop Registration. As some of you may know, we are in the process of launching our brand new website this week - we're very close to being live, but will update you when that happens.

In the meantime, please feel free to peruse the attached Winter 2016 Workshop Schedule so you can plan for your classes. We thank you for your patience, and look forward to unveiling our new site very soon!, For those who have been following along, here is the latest installment in Ron Cowie Photo's Alt. Process chronicles., FRIDAY NIGHT! The Middle Gray Cafe [owned by NESOP '11 alum Catalina Piedrahita] presents: Videri String Quartet. 

VSQ are classically trained musicians who play original video game music. Located just steps from the Brookline Village T stop, the bar and the kitchen will be open. Fri. Dec. 4 | 7PM | 6 Station Street, Brookline Village, MA., TOMORROW: Panopticon Gallery presents Comforts of Home | Opening Reception. This show features work from NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield, NESOP '14 alum Corinne DiPietro, as well as several other artists.
Friday, December 4 | 5:30-7:30pm | 502 Commonwealth Ave., Postmark deadline for submissions to The Curated Fridge's DOUBLE 'Call for Entrée' is fast approaching. The RefrigeCurator for the Dec/Jan show will be Bruce Myren Studio of the Photographic Resource Center - see link for full details., This Wednesday, the Photographic Resource Center presents: Mike Mandel | PRC Lecture and Book Signing in support of his recently released boxed collection - "Good 70s." FREE for students of Institutional Member schools (bring ID.) 

Wednesday, December 2 | 7pm | Boston University / Sargent / Rm. 101, 635 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., "After being designed in 1981, the Holga medium format toy camera developed a cult following among photographers who valued its affordability and unique lo-fi results. But all good things must come to an end: Holga cameras will no longer be produced from here on out.", This Friday, Panopticon Gallery presents Comforts of Home | Opening Reception. This show features work from NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield, NESOP '14 alum Corinne DiPietro, as well as several other artists. 

December 4 | 5:30-7:30pm | 502 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., A Hanging Salon: An evening conversation about the many styles of displaying Art with Corinne DiPietro (NESOP '14) + guests., NESOP HOLIDAY HOURS: Due to the Thanksgiving Break, facilities will be closed starting today, Monday, November 23rd. Facilities will reopen for regular hours Monday, November 30th at 8am. Classes will not be held during this time. The Main Office will be open Monday, November 23rd and Tuesday, November 24th, 9am-4pm. We apologize for any inconvenience, have a happy and safe Thanksgiving., Check out NESOP '11 alum Noah Fournier's project 'The Gap In The Fence' currently available on LensCulture., Check out the latest update on Alt Processes from Ron Cowie Photo., Submit your images to The Curated Fridge for a chance to participate in:
1. The Dec/Jen Fridge Show curated by Bruce Myren (artist/photographer/educator, board member of the PRC) AND,
2. The "Instantly Yours" exhibition at the Photographic Resource Center, curated by Yorgos Efthymiadis.
For more info on how to submit, visit:
http://www.thecuratedfridge.com/Call-for-Entree 

Image ©Ioanna Tourkantonis ('09)., Check out these photos of people on their lunch break in the 70s, while you're on your lunch break today.

"Photographer Charles Traub captured these lunch breaks in the 1970s, and his images are striking, perhaps because these days a similar photo series would contain sad photos of desk lunches and crumbs falling in keyboards.", TONIGHT at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Opening reception for Aquae | Photographs by Thibault Roland Fine Art Photography. 5:30-7PM.

"His combination of long exposures and minimalist compositions create quietly captivating B&W images, the perfect antidote to frenzied holidays." - Elin Spring Photography, TONIGHT! Panopticon Gallery Presents: A Hanging Salon | An evening conversation about the many styles of displaying Art with Corinne DiPietro (NESOP '14) + guests. Wednesday, November 18th from 6:30-8:00pm. FREE and open to the public., WEDNESDAY!

Panopticon Gallery Presents: A Hanging Salon | An evening conversation about the many styles of displaying Art with Corinne DiPietro (NESOP '14) + guests. Wednesday, November 18th from 6:30-8:00pm. FREE and open to the public., NOW OPEN at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Aquae | Photographs by Thibault Roland Fine Art Photography. Aquae is a series of landscape images that explores the serene and formal nature of water in a most alluring and minimal fashion.

Opening Reception: Thursday, Nov. 19, 5:30pm - 7pm
Show Runs: Now through Dec.18, 2015, THIS WEDNESDAY!

Panopticon Gallery Presents: A Hanging Salon | An evening conversation about the many styles of displaying Art with Corinne DiPietro (NESOP '14) + guests. Wednesday, November 18th from 6:30-8:00pm. FREE and open to the public., NEXT at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Aquae: Photographs by Thibault Roland Fine Art Photography. Aquae is a series of landscape images that explores the serene and formal nature of water in a most alluring and minimal fashion.

Opening Reception: Thursday, Nov. 19, 5:30pm - 7pm
Show Runs: Nov. 16 - Dec. 18, 2015, Images from our recent Fall Open House - thanks to all of the potential future students who attended, hope to see some of you soon!, We've just had 2 spots open up in this weekend's 'Lightroom Intensive' workshop with Sue Anne Hodges Photography - class meets on Saturday, Nov. 14 & Sunday, Nov.15.

"This intensive, information packed two-day workshop will immerse students into Adobe Lightroom and reveal how this powerful software is an essential tool for photographers, helping them to create an effective and efficient workflow.", NESOP is honored to be recognized as a 2015 School of Excellence by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC)., NewBostonPost reviews Danforth Art's New England Photography Biennial, including work from NESOP workshop student, Michael Joseph.

Jurored by Susan Nalband, founder of 555 Gallery, The New England Photography Biennial exhibit runs through Dec. 6, 2015 at the Danforth Art Museum, 123 Union Avenue, Framingham, MA. For more information, visit http://www.danforthart.org/., There are still a few seats available in our NEW 2-day 'Lighting for Portraiture' workshop with Kate Murphy happening THIS WEEKEND, Saturday Nov. 14 & Sunday Nov. 15. - don't miss out!, TODAY: OPEN HOUSE, 11A-2P. Tours, demos, and more! 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., People React to Being Asked for Free Work: Hidden camera video where a man approaches real people and asks them to provide their product or service for free., OPEN HOUSE | THIS SATURDAY | 11/7 | 11A-2P

Meet staff, faculty and alumni, see demonstrations, and tour the school., The 39th Annual Hunt's Photo and Video Show is THIS Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, November 6-8: 

"It’s not only the discounts and specials that make this show one the highlights of our year, representatives from dozens of the best names in photographic equipment come to our store with the latest gear and to answer any questions you may have – we offer free seminars throughout both days in our classroom, featuring an eclectic mix of guest speakers and our own educators to help educate and inspire.", Coming Up at Panopticon Gallery | Nov. 18 | 6:30-8pm 

A Hanging Salon: An evening conversation about the many styles of displaying Art with Corinne DiPietro ('14) + guests., This weekend, November 7 & 8: 

A Toast to Danforth Art | Celebrating 40 Years of Creativity in Community., If you, or someone you know, is thinking about a career in photography, take the first step and join us for an Open House THIS Saturday, November 7. from 11a-2p.

Meet staff, faculty and alumni, see demonstrations, and tour the school., "There are a couple of upcoming events aiming to improve the political economic situation for local artists, writers, musicians, dancers, designers, filmmakers, journalists, and other creative workers, and both are definitely worth attending.", Interested in Fashion Photography? Don't miss our Open House THIS Saturday, November 7 with photo shoot demos by fashion photographer / NESOP '12 alum, Stephanie Larsen. #fashion #fashionphotography, Constructive Criticism: Six Strategies for Receiving and Processing Feedback, Still some space available in Lighting for Portraiture with Kate Murphy on Saturday 11/14 and Sunday 11/15. 

This course is an intensive introduction to methodologies of portrait lighting, teaching photographers how to use light creatively to make compelling pictures of people. No flash experience necessary, but a basic understanding of DSLR required., If you're interested in Alternative Processes, but weren't able to take our workshop this Fall, NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo is re-capping each week's class so you can follow along, learn a few things, and see what you're missing out on.

Check out his latest recap, below, on Kallitypes., NESOP has a few more stops left on our Fall 2015 College Fair Tour, including Nashua, NH, the Philadelphia National Association for College Admission Counseling College Fair, and more., NESOP '12 grad Augustus Photography is featured in this PopImpressKA article for his recent inclusion in the Exposure Awards Exhibition at the Musée du Louvre, Paris., THIS WEDNESDAY | OCTOBER 28 | 5:30-7:30PM 

Meet photographer and Pulitzer Prize-winner Lynsey Addario Photography at the Opening Reception for her exhibit, "Veiled Rebellion" at Milton Academy's Nesto Gallery. https://www.facebook.com/events/1027935673893772/, CALL FOR ENTRY: The Middle Gray is now accepting applications for their Winter gallery show, "Room for Thought." This show will focus on the unknown, the unusual and the ambiguous. Follow the attached link for details., NESOP is saddened to learn of the passing of our longtime friend and neighbor, Melvin Ramos. Always quick with a smile and a hello to our staff and students over the years, Melvin will be missed by many. 

[Photo: Eileen Clynes Photography], If you, or someone you know, is thinking about a career in photography, take the first step and join us for an Open House on Saturday, November 7 from 11a-2p.

Meet staff, faculty and alumni, see demonstrations, and tour the school., Elin Spring Photography reviews Peter Miller Fine Art Photography Gallery's 2nd Open Call Juried Photography Exhibition, featuring work from NESOP alums Kaylee Cataldo-Perry ('15), Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Amy Giese ('06) and Marky Kauffmann ('80).

Show runs October 15 – November 14, 2015, TOMORROW NIGHT:

Opening Reception for the 2015 Faculty Exhibition at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. 5:00pm. 537 Commonwealth Ave., Kenmore Square, Boston., If you're interested in Alternative Processes but weren't able to take our workshop this Fall, NESOP instructor Ron Cowie will be re-capping each week's class so you can follow along, learn a few things, and see what you're missing out on. 

Check out his latest recap, below, on Platinum Printing., Interested in Fashion Photography? Don't miss our Open House on Saturday, November 7 with photo shoot demos by fashion photographer / NESOP '12 alum, Stephanie Larsen. #fashion #fashionphotography, THIS THURSDAY!

Opening Reception for the 2015 Faculty Exhibition at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. 5:00pm. 537 Commonwealth Ave., Kenmore Square, Boston., CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS! The Curated Fridge will travel to the Photographic Resource Center for the “Instantly Yours” exhibition, January 21 - February 21, 2016. Featured in the PRC’s back gallery, the exhibition will include a selection of images submitted to the first two Fridge shows, as well as the upcoming third show. This über Fridge Show will be curated by NESOP '13 alum, Yorgos Efthymiadis.

---> For more info about how to submit, click here:
http://www.thecuratedfridge.com/Call-for-Entree
---> For more info on “Instantly Yours,” click here:
http://www.bu.edu/prc/schedule.htm#upcoming, Gear from EP Levine's liquidation will be available via on-line auction this Tues., Oct. 20 & Weds., Oct. 21. Approximately 1,500 lots for sale. Brands include: Hasselblad, Profoto, Mamiya, Sony, Nikon, Canon, Pentax, Fusi, Ricoh, Noblex, Olympus, Lensbaby, Phottix, Rokinon and MORE.

Inspection is TODAY, Monday Oct. 19th until 3 PM - 219 Bear Hill Rd., Waltham, MA., NESOP '90 alum India Hicks is featured in this recent article for Haute Living New York, discussing family, life in the Bahamas, and her line of handbags, beauty products, and accessories.

"In recent years, Hicks has turned her designer’s eye to handbags and accessories for her namesake company, India Hicks. Her travels to the far corners of the country illustrate the reach she is going for with her new line, which is sold through direct sales by more than 500 women all over the country.", If you, or someone you know, is thinking about a career in photography, take the first step and join us for an Open House on Saturday, November 7 from 11a-2p., TONIGHT! Opening Reception for Peter Miller Fine Art Photography Gallery's 2nd Open Call Juried Photography Exhibition. Show was juried by Paula Tognarelli of The Griffin Museum of Photography and features NESOP alums Kaylee Cataldo-Perry ('15), Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Amy Giese ('06) and Marky Kauffmann ('80).

Show runs October 15 – November 14, 2015, NESOP NEAR YOU for tonight, Thursday, October 15th:	
- Quincy High School, 6:00 - 8:00PM	
- Merrimack Valley College Fair, Lowell High School, 6:30 - 8:30PM, ONE WEEK FROM TODAY:

Opening Reception for NESOP Faculty Exhibition | Thursday, October 22 | 5PM., NESOP '13 alum Eric Frazer is featured on HNNow for his recent photography and upcoming shows.

"His “Without a Face series” will feature 20 images of artists, some abstract and some not, all in portrait form, but without showing the face directly." Narrows Center for The Arts | January 2016., CALL FOR ENTRY!

Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery is looking for submissions for their upcoming exhibition "FEAST". Open to New England artists working in any 2D medium regarding the theme of food. Guest Juror Kaveh Mojtabai, founder and publisher of artscope magazine., NEW!!! Sports Photography: Get In The Game with Glen Cooper. Saturday & Sunday October 24-25.

This is a hands-on class for any sports enthusiast with a camera! Day 1: Looking at great sports photography and talking about shooting techniques before heading out to photograph a local sporting event. Day 2: In the classroom at NESOP to edit and critique our work via Lightroom. Image ©Aram Dulgarian, '11., NESOP is coming to a town near you! Check out our College Fair Schedule for a full listing of the events where you can speak with a NESOP representative directly and pick up our catalog., If you, or someone you know, is thinking about a career in photography, take the first step and join us for an Open House on Saturday, November 7 from 11a-2p., The Curated Fridge, a project from NESOP '13 alum Yorgos Efthymiadis, announced the images selected by guest juror Frances Jakubek [Griffin Museum of Photography] for the October / November exhibition. Artists include NESOP alums Ioanna Tourkantonis ('09) and Laura Knapp ('14)., Elin Spring Photography reviews Panopticon Gallery's current group exhibition, 'think small', which includes work from several NESOP alums, students, instructors and workshop students, and was co-curated by NESOP '14 alum, Cori DiPietro.

Open now through December 1, 2015., COMING UP!

Opening Reception for NESOP Faculty Exhibition | Thursday, October 22 | 5PM., TONIGHT AT 7PM!

The Photographic Resource Center presents an evening lecture & booksigning with legendary South African photographer Roger Ballen., NESOP alums Kaylee Cataldo-Perry ('15), Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Amy Giese ('06) and Marky Kauffmann ('80) are among the artists selected by juror Paula Tognarelli (Griffin Museum of Photography) for Peter Miller Fine Art Photography Gallery's 2nd Open Call Juried Photography Exhibition. 

Opening Reception Thursday October 15, 2015
Show runs October 15 – November 14, 2015, Fall 2015 Orientation., THIS SUNDAY ONLY! Join a group of passionate photographers and explore the city with Bruno Debas, who will introduce the group to the art of Time Lapse Photography. 

(Equipment: CANON users will need an INTERVALOMETER. NIKON users, please check that you can do time-lapse or Interval shooting. Also: Flashcards, charged batteries for your camera, & batteries for the Intervalometer if using one.), Call for Entry: Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery's "Feast: Images of the Edible." Juried by Kaveh Mojtabai, founder and publisher of artscope magazine. Deadline for submission is October 24, 2015. For more info, visit: http://bit.ly/1OaWeim, NESOP would like to take a moment to thank the folks at EP Levine for their 59 years serving the local photo community. Their knowledge, kindness, and support has benefited our students, alumni, faculty, and staff for decades, and their presence will greatly be missed., NESOP is coming to a town near you! Check out our College Fair Schedule for a full listing of the events where you can speak with a NESOP representative directly and pick up our catalog., null, Congrats to NESOP instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY, he has 5 pieces of his work included in this exhibition in France beginning October 8th.

Sartrouville is located 15 minutes from Paris Metro station "Opera". For more information, visit: http://bit.ly/1LOmgSa, NEW! iPhoneography Workshop - Saturday, November 14 from 10a-4p with Glen Cooper.

This is a one-day, hands-on class which will include techniques, shooting in the field, post-shoot editing and apps. This is a fun, high energy low stress day with endless possibilities., Alternative Process 101: Cyanotypes with Ron Cowie Photo is a one-day workshop on Saturday, Oct. 17th from 10a-4p.

This class is a fun introduction to one of the oldest known photographic printing processes - no previous photographic experience is necessary to participate!, NESOP instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY has 5 pieces of his work included in this exhibition in France beginning October 8th.

Sartrouville is located 15 minutes from Paris Metro station "Opera". For more information, visit: http://bit.ly/1LOmgSa, If you're interested in taking a photography workshop, but don't have the time to commit to a season-long class, NESOP offers a number of one, two, three, and 3+ day long workshops beginning later this fall.

Some of these new courses include: Timelapse Photography, Alternative Process: Cyanotypes, iPhoneography, Nature, Sports, various areas of Night Photography, and many more!, NESOP Teaching Assistant and workshop student Kevin Briggs is featured in The Boston Globe for his exhibition "Stereotypes," open now at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery.

"[Briggs'] experience inspired a provocative series of 15 portraits titled, “Stereotypes: A Conscious Look at Race, Faith, Gender, and Sexual Orientation.” The black-and-white photos feature stereotyped individuals and couples with uncensored epithets projected across their bodies.", NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography & Mixed Media has been selected as a finalist in the photolucida 'Critical Mass' competition. You can see his work in person this Friday, September 18, where he is the featured Faculty Artist at the South Shore Art Center in Cohasset, MA., BEGINNERS: Still seats available in our Intensive Digital Camera workshop beginning this Saturday (9/18.)

In this accelerated course, the basic digital photographic skills taught in the Digital Camera I course are combined with some of the more advanced techniques taught in the Digital Camera II workshop to create a comprehensive foundation in digital photography., NESOP workshop student Rania Matar Photographer is featured in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette for her work, and current photography exhibition, “She Who Tells a Story: Women Photographers from Iran and the Arab World." 

This exhibition includes images from her series “A Girl and Her Room” for which she photographed teenage girls in the United States and Lebanon in their bedrooms, and is on view at the Carnegie Museum of Art through Sept. 28., NESOP instructor Nick Johnson is featured in The Boston Globe for the work he does as co-owner of Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery with wife, Kelly.

"From the beginning, Gallery Seven focused on the art, not the frames. The shop frames about 80 pieces each month, but customers walking in won’t see racks of frames. Instead, they’ll see a gallery featuring Greater Boston artists.", NESOP Black & White instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography & Mixed Media is featured in Wicked Local for his new class at South Shore Art Center in Cohasset, MA.

"For eight weeks, Sheffield’s students will meet for two and a half hours on Wednesdays to critique each other’s work and study examples from the masters of the art. There will be targeted assignments to complete during the week, which Sheffield said are engineered to spur creativity.", Curated by Corinne DiPietro ('14) and Panopticon Gallery owner Jason Landry, think small features affordable works of art by photographers from all over New England., NESOP alums Daniela Goncalves ('13) and Brian Tortora ('11) make up Bearwalk - their fashion short film, 'Origin', will be featured during Boston Fashion Week as part of Platform Downtown. Sunday, September 27 | 6:00 PM | 100 Federal Street, Boston. Tickets available via the attached link.

"Origin was conceived as a way to connect an entire community to the world of fashion. Screening will be followed by a conversation with the filmmakers, facilitated by Jay Calderin, Founder & Executive Director of Boston Fashion Week.", Sunday, Sept. 20 | 10am-1pm | Somerville Toy Camera Fest hosts "Street Shooting w/ Toy Cameras" with instructor, Bill Franson.

"Join photographer, educator, and 3-time Somerville Toy Camera Festival exhibiting artist Bill Franson for a hands-on roving workshop on the streets of Somerville.", TONIGHT! Panopticon Gallery's next group exhibition, 'think small', includes several NESOP alums, students, instructors and workshop students.

Opening Reception: Thursday, Sept. 10, 5:30-7:30pm., TOMORROW NIGHT: Somerville Toy Camera Fest Opening Reception | Thursday, September 10 | 6:00 - 8:00pm | Nave Gallery Annex.

This is the first of three exhibitions for the 3rd annual Somerville Toy Camera Fest, celebrating the quirky and creative results that happen when the photographer is forced to loosen his/her controls. Featured artists include: Marky Kauffmann ('80), Ioanna Tourkantonis ('09), and many more., Still a few seats available in our 'Architectural Photography' workshop with Keitaro Yoshioka. Class runs Tuesdays this Fall for 10 weeks, beginning Sept. 15. 

Students will learn to create dynamic images of architectural interiors and exteriors. Enroll by Friday, Sept. 11 to receive discounted rate. Image ©Keitaro Yoshioka., 'Basic Darkroom' with Nick Johnson runs Wednesday evenings from 6-9pm beginning Sept. 16. Enroll by Fri. 9/11 to receive our discounted rate.

This workshop presents the fundamentals of black & white photography and explores the basic functions of the camera. The class goal is to produce a high quality negative and technically strong black & white prints., COMING UP | September 17: The Middle Gray hosts 'Progress' Opening Reception from 7-11PM.

A night of music, food and drinks celebrating the arts and the artists selected for this exhibition, including NESOP alums Elizabeth Ireland ('14), Jacquelyn Sullivan ('14) and Cameron MacMartin ('12)., "Launching Your Photography Business" with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY is designed to help prepare photographers to launch their own business. Topics include: Creating a 5-year business plan, self-promotion and marketing, portfolio presentation, securing new clients, pricing and estimates, legal, and more. Enroll by Friday, 9/11 to receive discounted rate.

Thursdays | 6 - 9pm | 10 Weeks | 9/17 - 11/19, Only a few more days to take advantage of our photography workshop early registration discount! 

If you're considering taking any of our courses this fall, register by THIS FRIDAY, Sept. 11, in order to save on your class., THIS THURSDAY | Panopticon Gallery's next group exhibition, 'think small', includes several NESOP alums, students, instructors and workshop students.

Opening Reception: Thursday, Sept. 10, 5:30-7:30pm., An image from NESOP workshop student Kevin Briggs' series "Stereotypes" is featured as the cover of Art New England Magazine's September / October 2015 issue. 

The series, a collection of black and white photographs that depict individuals overlaid with text that reveals prejudices and discriminatory assumptions, will be exhibited at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery as a solo show through September 26. Opening reception: Saturday, September 12 from 7-9PM. See more of Briggs' work at http://www.darktravelerphotography.com/, This fall, back by popular demand: Intro to Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography.

In this 12-week workshop, students will be introduced to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising and editorial, to travel and lifestyle, all areas of food photography will be explored. Runs Monday nights, 6-9PM, beginning 9/14., Creative Lighting: Speedlights with Shawn Read | Tuesdays | 6:00 - 9:00 PM | 9/15 - 11/17

From simple on-camera operation to multiple, modified units synchronized off-camera, instructor Shawn Read will show you how to take full creative advantage of these portable, powerful and versatile tools. https://www.nesop.com/studio_lighting.asp#CreativeLightingwithSpeedlights, If you're looking to learn more about the basic functions of your DSLR camera, or would like to build upon your current foundation and move on to more fundamentals, NESOP can help.

This fall, we're offering a number of Digital Camera I & Digital Camera II photography workshops at a variety of times, to fit most schedules - check it out!, The Professional Photographers Association of New England's free annual conference is Sunday, September 13th in Nashua NH from 7am-5:30pm. 

Read more about the PPANE/NEIPP Conference and register at: http://members.ppane.com/event-1920044, WEDNESDAY | SEPT. 9 | 6:30PM | Photographic Resource Center

Nights at the PRC with artist host Jesse Burke and four other presenters sharing work that engages the theme "Childhood, from Document to Art.", 'The Fashion Project' with Niki Lazaridou is a 5-week fashion photography workshop running Saturdays beginning September 18th. Enroll by Friday, Sept. 11 to receive $25. off the cost of this class.

"A  fashion shoot is among the most creatively rich and rewarding photographic assignments, while at the same time being one of the most logistically complex. This fast paced course introduces students to the full spectrum of responsibilities integral to the efficient and successful execution of a fashion photography project." Image ©Niki Lazaridou., Documentary Photography with Michael Hintlian runs Wednesdays this Fall from 10a-1p beginning September 16. Enroll by Friday, Sept. 11 to receive $25 discount., Congratulations to NESOP 2015 alum Sam Balukonis - his project "Subtilitas" received Honorable Mention in the 2015 Adobe Design Achievement Awards.

Visit the link below to see the entire project., Panopticon Gallery's next group exhibition, 'think small', includes several NESOP alums, students, instructors and workshop students.

Opening Reception: Thursday, Sept. 10, 5:30-7:30pm., NEW! Alternative Processes 101: Cyanotypes with Ron Cowie Photo will run one day only this fall - Saturday, October 17 from 10a-4p.

This workshop is a fun introduction to one of the oldest photographic printing processes known. No prior photographic experience is necessary to participate in this class., This Fall, NESOP offers 4 Night Photography Workshops with Lance Keimig: 

- Intro to Night Photography (5-day course): http://bit.ly/1KIguRq
- Full Moon (3-day course): http://bit.ly/1Nx07xd
- Star Points & Star Trails (3-day course): http://bit.ly/1LtAjPl
- Light Painting (3-day course): http://bit.ly/1MPiuh4, NEW! Sports Photography with Glen Cooper is a hands-on class for sports enthusiasts with a camera. Students will spend the first day looking at great sports photography and talking about shooting techniques before heading out to photograph a local sporting event. The following day, students will meet in the classroom to edit and critique our work via Lightroom. 
-----------------------------------------------------
Saturday & Sunday, 10/24 - 10/25 | 10:00 AM - 4:00 PM | Image© Aram Dulgarian '11, NESOP '99 alum Adrian Mueller is included in the Communication Arts Photography Annual 56 for his work with Costa Sunglasses.

"Costa del Mar, a company that makes sunglasses designed for sports fishermen, wanted to create an ad campaign based on popular gamefish, using only elements from its sunglasses. Instead of choosing computer-generated imagery, we constructed life-sized fish models made only from sunglasses parts." Headline: Designed for Fishing. Download the full issue at iTunes., Artists have been selected for Panopticon Gallery's next exhibition, 'think small', and include several NESOP alums, students, instructors and workshop students.

Opening reception: Thursday, Sept. 10, 5:30-7:30pm., We are honored and pleased to announce that ACCSC has recognized New England School of Photography (NESOP) as a 2014-2015 ACCSC School of Excellence., Some tips from Fstoppers on how to get the most out of your photography business Facebook page., Registration for our Fall 2015 Workshops is open. Enroll by Friday, September 11 to receive discounted rate., Music photographer and Grammy Award-nominated film director Danny Clinch (NESOP '86) sits down with Fro Knows Photo and talks about his career, his time at NESOP, and his early days starting out as a photographer., NESOP student Raj Das took 2nd place in the Hunt's Photo and Video Fenway Park Photo Night Contest. The selected images were featured in a gallery exhibit alongside work from Red Sox Official Photograhers Michael Ivins and Billie Weiss., Registration for our Fall 2015 Workshops is now open. NEW COURSES OFFERED THIS FALL: 

Photographing People II, Elements of Design & Composition, Time Lapse Photography, Alternative Processes 101: Cyanotype, iPhonography, Nature Photography, Sports Photography, Intro to Studio Lighting, Speedlights Intensive, Lighting for Portraiture, Capturing & Editing Video with FCP X, Storytelling with Multimedia (FCP X), Night Photography: Full Moon, Night Photography: Star Points & Star Trails, and Night Photography: Light Painting., CALL FOR ENTRIES: The Curated Fridge with RefrigeCurator Frances Jakubek of Griffin Museum of Photography. Send artwork to The Curated Fridge before the 25th of September. Previous participants are welcome to submit again. You can submit as many images as you want., Opening reception for "Who Might I Be?" at The Nave Gallery., 2011 alum Catalina Piedrahita Photography's The Middle Gray is now open! 

Part café, part restaurant, part art gallery - located at 6 Station Street, Brookline Village, MA., TONIGHT & TOMORROW NIGHT: NESOP Black and White Photography Class of 2015 Graduate Exhibit at Studio 308. Show features the work of Nicole Harrington, Kaylee Cataldo-Perry, and Victoria Sheppard.

Thursday, August 6th & Friday, August 7th | 5pm - 9pm | 450 Harrison Ave., Boston., TONIGHT!!!!! Join us for an information session at 6pm. Learn about our Professional Photography Program, admissions process, financial aid options available, and more.

Thursday, August 6 | 6PM | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA., Wicked Local Holbrook features '10 NESOP alum JenniferRose Keany for her fashion photography work - see more of her work at: http://www.jenniferrosekeany.com/.

"Her work has been published in magazines in New York, Canada, Boston, the United Kingdom, and by Vogue Italia online; her clients have included NASCAR and Staples; and Keany earned creative photographer honors in 2012 and 2013 at the Boston Fashion Awards.", The Curated Fridge - a photography project started by NESOP '13 alum Yorgos Efthymiadis as a way to celebrate Fine Art photography and connect photographers - launched their inaugural show today, featuring work curated by NESOP instructor / '08 alum, Caleb Cole.

August / September participating artists: Andi Schreiber, Andrew MK Warren, Andrew Mroczek & Juan Jose Barboza-Gubo, Bear Kirkpatrick, Camillo Ramirez, Corinne DiPietro ('14), Ivan Petrusevski, Jerry Takigawa, Jesseca Ferguson, Judy Brown, Nicole Harrington ('15), Sarah Malakoff, Sarah Wentworth, Sheri Lynn Behr and Tiziana Rozzo., THIS THURSDAY: Join us for an information session at 6pm. Learn about our Professional Photography Program, admissions process, financial aid options available, and more. 

Thursday, August 6 | 6PM | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA., 64 works from 56 artists were selected by juror Susan Nalband [555 Gallery] for inclusion in The Danforth Art Museum's New England Photography Biennial 2015. 

Among them: NESOP instructor Bill Franson, '14 alum Corinne DiPietro, and Workshop student Michael Joseph. Show runs September 9–December 6, 2015., Tonight at 7:30, Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 will re-air their episode "Through the Lens" featuring area photographers and galleries. Keep an eye out for some cameo appearances by NESOP faculty, and friends. 

Thursday, July 30 | 7:30PM | WCVB Ch. 5 | Boston, NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo and '14 alum Aoife Shanahan are among the artists selected by juror Tillman Crane Photography for inclusion in 'Black and White' at PhotoPlace Gallery.

Gallery exhibition: August 25–September 18, 2015
Opening reception: August 28, 5–7 pm, 2015 NESOP alums Sam Balukonis and Tina Orlando were both selected as semi-finalists for the 2015 Adobe Design Achievement Awards for their respective projects, "Subtilitas" [Balukonis], and "Portraits" and "Double Exposure Portraits" [Orlando].

To view images and learn more about the ADAA, please visit the link below., COMING UP: NESOP Black and White Photography Class of 2015 Graduate Exhibit at Studio 308. Show features the work of Nicole Harrington, Kaylee Cataldo-Perry, and Victoria Sheppard.

Thursday, August 6th & Friday, August 7th | 5pm - 9pm | 450 Harrison Ave., Boston., THE WEEK features Isa Leshko's project 'Thrills & Chills' for 'The Eerie Terror of Amusement Parks'.

"The shots transcend musings on summer frivolities and offer something more, free from context, time, and place.", Join us for an information session on Thursday, August 6th at 6pm. Learn about our Professional Photography Program, admissions process, financial aid options available, and more.

Thursday, August 6 | 6PM | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA., NESOP instructor Bill Franson, and alums Ioanna Tourkantonis ('09) and Marky Kauffman ('80) are among the artists selected for inclusion in The 2015 Somerville Toy Camera Fest by juror Aline Smithson Photography of LENSCRATCH.

Details on dates / times will be posted as programming is developed., NESOP 2nd year student Raj Das was featured in The Boston Globe for his wildlife and landscape photography on Cape Cod., CALL FOR ENTRY: "think small." 

A juried photography exhibition curated by Jason Landry, owner of Panopticon Gallery and NESOP '14 alum Corinne DiPietro, gallery assistant. This show is open to any photographer currently living in the New England states. The topic is open for interpretation. Deadline, August 1st., NESOP '14 alum Marialejandra Mata Rodriguez' self-portrait  was selected for inclusion in Dab Art's 2015 Summer Juried Exhibition at The HUD Gallery in Ventura Californa. (Image shown below - visit link for full image.)

Open now through August 2nd, 1793 East Main Street, Ventura, California., Join us for an information session on August 6th at 6pm. Learn about our Professional Photography Program, admissions process, financial aid options available, and more.

Thursday, August 6 | 6PM | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, NESOP Student Services Director / '12 alum Eileen Clynes' series 'Exceptional Holiness' is currently featured on aCurator photography magazine and blog.

"Of this series she says: "Exceptional Holiness is inspired by growing up Catholic and having a fascination with religious art. The work is a modern take on traditional Catholic Saint cards, drawing inspiration from tchotchke-style religious art such as hologram last suppers and light-up Virgin Marys.", TOMORROW NIGHT! The Griffin Museum of Photography's 21st Annual Juried Show: Peter Urban Legacy Exhibition. This show was juried by Jim Casper of LensCulture, and features several NESOP alums and workshop students.
------------------------------
Thursday, July 9 | 7PM | The Griffin Museum of Photography, THIS WEEKEND! New 2-Day Workshop! Book Projects with Joanne Ciccarello: Sat. & Sun., July 11 & 12.

"Whether presenting your artwork in a book portfolio or preparing a family album, this class will take you through the process of choosing, formatting, layout, adding text, and finishing your book projects through ShutterFly, Blurb, or others.", THIS WEEK at the Photographic Resource Center:

Tuesday, July 7th - Juror's Gallery Talk. Get insight into the work and the jurying process of EXPOSURE 2015 with juror, Kristen Gresh.
-----------------------------------------
Wednesday, July 8th - NESOP '06 alum Amy Giese hosts Nights at the PRC, exploring the theme of  "ENVIRONMENT/AL.", The The New York Times remembers the life and work of Harold Feinstein.

"Feinstein, a native of Coney Island, borrowed a Rolleiflex camera from a neighbor when he was 15 and set forth to record the sights and the people surrounding him. Early on, he exhibited an uncanny ability to capture spontaneous moments — sunbathers enjoying the beach, teenagers laughing on a plunging roller coaster — that pulled viewers into the city’s most famous seaside playground and the life of ordinary New Yorkers.", ONE WEEK FROM TONIGHT: The Griffin Museum of Photography's 21st Annual Juried Show: Peter Urban Legacy Exhibition. This show was juried by Jim Casper of LensCulture, and features several NESOP alums and workshop students.
------------------------------
Thursday, July 9 | 7PM | The Griffin Museum of Photography, Still time to get in on The Creative Studio workshop with Chris Vaccaro Photography STARTING TONIGHT, Thursday, July 2nd.

In this course, students will develop concepts for the studio, design and create setups and craft lighting to best suit their ideas. The skills learned in this workshop can be applied to all aspects of studio photography including Still Life, Food, Portraiture, Fashion., NESOP workshop student Michael Joseph Photographics is featured on CNN.com for his portrait series on traveler culture, 'Lost and Found' - check it out., NEW WEEK-LONG WORKSHOP: The Visual Short Story with Joanne Ciccarello meets Mon.-Friday, July 27-31.

"Learn different styles and techniques to approach your subject visually while learning how to photograph with attention to a storyline. Hone your subject to a manageable short term project, and explore creative approaches to subject matter.", COMING UP: The Griffin Museum of Photography's 21 Annual Juried Show: Peter Urban Legacy Exhibition. This show was juried by Jim Casper of LensCulture, and features several NESOP alums and workshop students.

Thursday, July 9 | 7PM | The Griffin Museum of Photography, Photoshop I: 2-Day Intensive Overview with Sue Anne Hodges runs Sat. - Sun., July 18 & 19.

"This course is designed to provide students with a thorough overview of basic Photoshop tools and functions. Through discussions, demonstration, and hands-on application, students will review the tools and techniques for processing and adjustments, retouching, digital hand coloring, making multi-layered images, masking, and type.", NEW 2-Day Workshop! Book Projects with Joanne Ciccarello. Runs Sat.-Sun., July 11 & 12th.

"Whether presenting your artwork in a book portfolio or preparing a family album, this class will take you through the process of choosing, formatting, layout, adding text, and finishing your book projects through ShutterFly, Blurb, or others.", NEW WORKSHOP! The Creative Studio with Chris Vaccaro Photography runs Thursday nights this summer beginning July 2nd.

In this course, students will develop concepts for the studio, design and create setups and craft lighting to best suit their ideas. The skills learned in this workshop can be applied to all aspects of studio photography including Still Life, Food, Portraiture, Fashion., Our June Adobe Lightroom workshop with Fran Osborn-Blaschke is full, BUT, we have another opportunity for you to take this class beginning next month!

Mondays from 10a - 5p beginning July 20th, visit the link below for full details, and to enroll., Submission deadline for the 2015 Somerville Toy Camera Fest is Wednesday, July 1st.

Hosted by Nave Gallery, this exhibition will be juried by Aline Smithson Photography. Images of any subject matter made with a “toy” camera will be accepted., Still some space available in our Basic and Advanced Darkroom workshops with Nick Johnson - check out the attached video for more info, then enroll via the links provided below!

Basic ---> http://bit.ly/1m5t6W3
Advanced ---> http://bit.ly/1m5t6W3, Photos from the Opening Reception for EXPOSURE: The 19th Annual Photographic Resource Center Juried Exhibition. Former NESOPers Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Isa Leshko are among the 13 artists selected by juror Kristen Gresh. Show runs through July 26, 2015., NEW! Destination Workshops: NESOP in New York City | August 28 - August 30. This is a unique opportunity where you are immersed in a two-day intensive field workshop with NESOP instructors, Keitaro Yoshioka and / or Lance Keimig for $495 (per workshop.) Work on developing a portfolio while enjoying NYC!

+ NYC Architecture w/ Keitaro Yoshioka: http://bit.ly/1N0VZlo
+ Night Photography w/ Lance Keimig: http://bit.ly/1eDOl5Y, Congratulations to The New England School of Photography Class of 2015., Photographing People with Dana Smith Photography is designed to help photographers enhance their skills in creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or out on the street. Class discussions will include looking at the work of some of today's most successful Fine Art, Editorial, and Photojournalistic "people" photographers.
---------------------------------------
Runs Tuesday evenings this summer - enroll by Fri., June 19th to receive $30.00 off cost of class!, There is still space available in a number of our Summer Photography Workshops. Students who enroll by close of business TOMORROW, Friday June 19th, will receive a discounted tuition rate - learn photography, or improve your skills with us this summer!, TOMORROW NIGHT! Opening Reception for EXPOSURE: The 19th Annual Photographic Resource Center Juried Exhibition. Former NESOPers Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Isa Leshko are among the 13 artists selected by juror Kristen Gresh.
---------------------------------------------
Show runs: June 18 − July 26, 2015
Opening Reception: Thursday, June 18th, 5:30-8pm, Still space available in our Architectural Photography and Interior Design Photography workshops with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY. Enroll by THIS Friday, June 19th, to receive discounted rate!

Architectural Photography: http://bitly.com/ZnlVhq
Interior Design Photography: http://bit.ly/1zsY2Hm
Image ©Keitaro Yoshioka, The Fashion Photography Project with Niki Lazaridou introduces students to the full spectrum of responsibilities integral to the efficient and successful execution of a fashion photography project. This is a great opportunity for anyone interested in fashion photography to begin or expand on a portfolio or project, and to gain an appreciation of what it takes to compete in the industry. Tuesday and Thursday evenings beginning June 23. 

Image ©Niki Lazaridou., Introduction to Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography will introduce students to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising to editorial, travel and lifestyle to social media smartphone photography, all areas of food photography will be explored. Monday evenings beginning 6/22 from 6-9pm., The Class of 2015 Graduation Exhibition opens to graduates, their families, and friends, tomorrow, Friday June 12th, prior to commencement. The show will be open to the public beginning next week.

Congratulations to Edwin Peñalba ('15) - his image was selected for the Class of 2015 Graduation poster., Prior to graduation, 2nd year students were given the opportunity to present their portfolios to a panel of esteemed members of the New England photography community, including: Tanya Mathis, Director of Art Buying for Fidelity Communications & Advertising, Toan Trinh, ('12) Photo Editor of Boston Magazine, Bob Packert, Owner of Bob Packert Photography, Paula Tognarelli ('97) Executive Director of Griffin Museum, Elin Spring, Blogger / Owner Elin Spring Photography, Joe Keller ('91) Owner Keller & Keller, Susan Nalband, Owner 555 Gallery, Cate Schappert & Kate Kelly ('11) Converse, Jim Scherer, Owner Jim Scherer Photography., TONIGHT! Artist Reception for "Big Dig Photographs" by Michael Hintlian at The Paul Dietrich Gallery at Cambridge Seven Associates | Thursday, June 11, 5:30 – 7:30
-------------------------------------------------------
[Shown: "Iron Worker’s Hand", Silver Gelatin print, 12.5” x 18.5”, 1999], Our 'Launching Your Photography Business' workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY is designed to provide an overview to help prepare students to launch their own photography businesses.

Topics include understanding the photographer's market, creating a 5-year business plan, self-promotion and marketing tools, portfolio presentation/securing new clients, pricing, providing estimates, and more. Thursdays, 6 - 9pm., Images from the Class of 2015's Final Portfolio Reviews., The Fashion Photography Project with Niki Lazaridou introduces students to the full spectrum of responsibilities integral to the successful execution of a fashion photography project, including: creation of a mood board, casting, brainstorming, project coordination, and budgeting.

Tuesday & Thursday nights this summer, 6-9PM., NEXT THURSDAY: The Paul Dietrich Gallery at Cambridge Seven Associates presents: "Big Dig Photographs" Photographs by Michael Hintlian.

Show runs through September 11 | Artist Reception & Talk: Thursday, June 11, 5:30 – 7:30
-------------------------------------------------------
[Shown: "Iron Worker’s Hand", Silver Gelatin print, 12.5” x 18.5”, 1999], 'MENTOR' presented by the Fort Point Arts Community at the Atlantic Wharf Gallery is now open. See work from 8 local educators and their selected students, including NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield and his former students, Hannah Hayes ('13), Greg Norstrom ('13) and Alyssa Minahan ('14).
--------------------------------------------
Opening Reception: Tuesday June 9, 5-7pm Atlantic Wharf Gallery, 290 Congress Street, Boston., NEW! In 'The Creative Studio' workshop with Chris Vaccaro, students will develop concepts for the studio, design and create setups and craft lighting to best suit their ideas. The skills learned in this workshop can be applied to all aspects of studio photography including Still Life, Food, Portraiture, Fashion.

Thursday evenings this summer, 6-9PM., The Danforth Art Museum's Annual Juried Exhibitions 'Off the Wall' and 'Community of Artists' open to the public this Sunday, June 7, and include work from NESOP first year student, Raj Das, NESOP alums Alyssa Minahan '14, and Yorgos Efthymiadis '13, and NESOP instructor, Stephen Sheffield Photography.

Danforth Art members are invited to preview the exhibitions during private viewing hours on Friday, June 5, 5 - 7pm., NEW THIS SUMMER: Photojournalism Today with Joanne Ciccarello.

This is an introductory course emphasizing the craft of photography with attention to context and content. Students will learn when and how best to incorporate video and multimedia into stories, how to pitch stories to editors, and more. Wednesday evenings, 6-9pm., Still time to catch Nancy Grace Horton | Being 13 at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions - show runs through tomorrow, Friday, May 29th., NEW photography workshops offered at NESOP this summer: The Creative Studio, Photojournalism Today, Book Projects, The Autobiographical Portrait, NYC Night Photography Trip, and MORE! Full schedule -----> http://bit.ly/1FFFole, The Massachusetts Cultural Council has announced the 2015 MCC Artist Fellowship awards in Film & Video, Music Composition, and Photography. Nineteen artists were selected to receive fellowships of $10,000. including NESOP instructor / '08 alum, Caleb Cole. Fifteen artists will receive $1000. awards, including NESOP alum Asia Kepka ('94) and instructor Stephen Sheffield.

The submissions were anonymously judged, based solely on artistic quality and creative ability of the work. A total of 505 applications were received: 100 in Film & Video, 70 in Music Composition, and 335 in Photography., NESOP '11 alum Catalina Piedrahita Photography talks to Wicked Local Brookline about The Middle Gray; a café / art gallery / cocktail bar / live performance space that she and her husband, Alvaro, are opening this Summer next to the Brookline Village T stop.

"The two plan to feature the work of emerging artists and host gallery openings every three months.", Registration for Summer Photography Workshops is NOW OPEN! Enroll by June 19th to receive discounted rate., TONIGHT! The Photography Channel, a series of exhibitions hosted by Darkroom, presents Closed Doors. The show is an invitation to reveal and share what happens behind closed doors through the work of a number of area artists, including NESOP alums Arielle Simmons Photography('13), Rob Collins Photography ('13) and NESOP workshop instructor Laura Beth Reese.

Saturday, May 23 7pm-11pm | Arts at the Armory, Somerville, MA, NOW OPEN: 'MENTOR' presented by the Fort Point Arts Community at the Atlantic Wharf Gallery. See work from 8 local educators and their selected students, including NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield and his former students, Hannah Hayes ('13), Greg Norstrom ('13) and Alyssa Minahan ('14). 
--------------------------------------------
Opening Reception: Tuesday June 9, 5-7pm Atlantic Wharf Gallery, 290 Congress Street, Boston., The Paul Dietrich Gallery at Cambridge Seven Associates presents: "Big Dig Photographs" Photographs by Michael Hintlian.

Show runs: May 18 – September 11 | Artist Reception & Talk: Thursday, June 11, 5:30 – 7:30
-------------------------------------------------------
[Shown: "Iron Worker’s Hand", Silver Gelatin print, 12.5” x 18.5”, 1999], This year, The Danforth Art Museum's Annual Juried Exhibitions 'Off the Wall' and 'Community of Artists' include work by NESOP first year student, Raj Das, NESOP alums Alyssa Minahan '14, and Yorgos Efthymiadis '13, and NESOP instructor, Stephen Sheffield Photography.

Exhibitions open to the public on Sunday, June 7, 2015. Danforth Art members are invited to preview the exhibitions during private viewing hours on Friday, June 5, 5 - 7pm., Juried by Seth Curcio, Associate Director for Pier 24 Photography in San Francisco, 'Windows, Mirrors and Doors' at PhotoPlace Gallery features work from NESOP '14 alums Aoife Shanahan (main gallery), Cori DiPietro (online annex) and instructor Bill Franson (main gallery). 

"Windows, mirrors and doors can illuminate, select, reflect, frame, repeat, isolate, or distort a subject, as well as serve as subject themselves. Alone or in combination, they contain unlimited creative possibilities for photographers." Open now through May 29th., Congrats to NESOPers Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Isa Leshko - they're among the 13 artists selected by juror Kristen Gresh [Estrellita and Yousuf Karsh Assistant Curator of Photographs, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston] for EXPOSURE: The 19th Annual Photographic Resource Center Juried Exhibition.
---------------------------------------------
Show runs: June 18 − July 26, 2015
Opening Reception: Thursday, June 18th, 5:30-8pm, Elin Spring Photography reviews 'Being Thirteen | Photographs by Nancy Grace Horton,' open now through May 29th at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. 

"Horton’s patient and thoughtful regard for her subject, her refusal to sensationalize or romanticize this famously rocky transformation into adulthood is quietly affecting. Her intimate portraits form a visually and emotionally holistic body of work, imbued with empathy and grace.", SAVE THE DATE: NESOP alum Amy Giese ('06) hosts Nights at the PRC [Photographic Resource Center] on Weds., July 8th, 6:30pm.
THEME: " Environmental"
--------------------------------------------
"Photographers have been creating images about their surroundings since the earliest days of the medium. Join us for a Night that explores environmental iterations, ranging from work that considers a specific space or human impact on the land.", THIS SATURDAY: The Photography Channel, a series of exhibitions hosted by Darkroom, presents Closed Doors. The show is an invitation to reveal and share what happens behind closed doors through the work of a number of area artists, including NESOP alums Arielle Simmons ('13), Rob Collins ('13) and NESOP workshop instructor Laura Beth Reese. 

Saturday, May 23 7pm-11pm | Arts at the Armory, Somerville, MA, NESOP Alumni Panel with Marky Kauffman ('80), Asia Kepka ('94), Tara Morris ('07), Caleb Cole ('08) and Jeremiah Robinson ('13)., Registration for our Summer Photography Workshops opens THIS MONDAY! Check out this video for more info, then visit NESOP.com for full schedule of classes beginning 10:00am on May 25th., TONIGHT! Opening Reception for TAKE 5 | I AM T.B.D. at The Photographic Resource Center. This exhibition showcases the work of a small group of middle school students from The Epiphany School in Dorchester who have been exploring photography under the guidance of NESOP '11 alum, Brenda Bancel.

Photography blogger Elin Spring Photography shares a quick introduction to each of these young photographers, and their work, below. [Image © Theresa Devarieux], TOMORROW NIGHT | MAY 14 | 5:30PM: Opening Reception for TAKE 5 | I AM T.B.D. at The Photographic Resource Center.

This exhibition showcases the work of a small group of middle school students from The Epiphany School in Dorchester who have been exploring photography under the guidance of NESOP '11 alum, Brenda Bancel - stop by and support these young photographers!, TONIGHT at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Opening Reception for Nancy Grace Horton | Being 13. This is the final exhibition opening for the 2015 Flash Forward Festival.

Open through May 29
Reception: Wednesday, May 13th | 5-7pm, Are you interested in learning more about a NESOP education? Click on the attached link between 10a-12pm (EST) TODAY, Monday May 11, and our reps will be happy to answer any questions you may have., This is your last week to check out work by NESOP instructor Bill Franson and 9 other area photography instructors at The Flash Forward Festival's [Photo]gogues: New England III.

Juried by Paula Tognarelli and Frances Jakubek of the Griffin Museum of Photography, this work will be exhibited at the Lafayette Center Passageway, 2 Avenue de Lafayette, Boston through Friday, May 15., IN CASE YOU MISSED IT:The Paul Dietrich Gallery at Cambridge Seven Associates presents: "Big Dig Photographs" Photographs by Michael Hintlian.

Show runs: May 18 – September 11 | Artist Reception & Talk: Thursday, June 11, 5:30 – 7:30
-------------------------------------------------------
1050 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge. [Shown: "Iron Worker’s Hand", Silver Gelatin print, 12.5” x 18.5”, 1999], Registration for Summer Photography Workshops begins Monday, May 25 [Memorial Day]. Visit NESOP.com/workshops.asp for more information.

Image ©Lyn Freeman, NESOP '14., Now through the end of May, see work from NESOP students Rachel Martin and Kelsey Whitaker, and more than a dozen other New England photography students at the 'Undergraduate Photography Now III' exhibition. 

Mon. - Fri., 9am - 5pm, 530 Harrison Avenue, Boston., NEXT THURSDAY | MAY 14 | 5:30PM: Opening Reception for TAKE 5 | I AM T.B.D. at The Photographic Resource Center.

This exhibition showcases the work of a small group of middle school students from The Epiphany School in Dorchester, who have been exploring photography under the guidance of NESOP '11 alum, Brenda Bancel - stop by and support these young photographers!, Are you interested in learning more about a NESOP education? Click on the attached link between 2-4pm (EST) today, Friday May 8, and our reps will be happy to answer any questions you may have.

Can't make it today? Try back again on Monday, May 11 between 10am-12pm!, Students in Laura Pineda's Portraiture class visited Newport, RI for a recent shoot., NOW OPEN at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Nancy Grace Horton | Being 13. This is the final exhibition opening for the 2015 Flash Forward Festival.

Open through May 29
Reception: May 13th 5-7pm, The Paul Dietrich Gallery at Cambridge Seven Associates presents: "Big Dig Photographs" Photographs by Michael Hintlian.

Show runs: May 18 – September 11 | Artist Reception & Talk: Thursday, June 11, 5:30 – 7:30
-------------------------------------------------------
[Shown: "Iron Worker’s Hand", Silver Gelatin print, 12.5” x 18.5”, 1999], '14 alum Alyssa Minahan's image was selected for inclusion in Fraction Mag's 7th Anniversary issue.

Fraction Magazine is an online venue dedicated to fine art, contemporary photography and brings together diverse bodies of work by established and emerging artists from around the globe., NESOP's CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18 who want to experiment with their photographic visions - specifically through digital and traditional black & white film photography.

CAMP PHOTO is a great way for teens to explore their talents, build their portfolios and learn more about career possibilities in the photography industry. Camps begin in July and August., MAY 14 | 5:30PM: Opening Reception for TAKE 5 | I AM T.B.D. at The Photographic Resource Center.

Curated by Susan Nalband of 555 Gallery, this exhibition showcases the work of a small group of middle school students from The Epiphany School in Dorchester, who have been exploring photography under the guidance of NESOP '11 alum, Brenda Bancel., Coming up at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Nancy Grace Horton | Being 13. This is the final exhibition opening for the 2015 Flash Forward Festival.

Open: May 5, 2015 through May 29
Reception: May 13th 5-7pm, Danforth Art has announced the list of artists with works selected for their Annual Juried Exhibitions, 'Off the Wall' and 'Community of Artists', including: NESOP first year student, Raj Das, alums Alyssa Minahan '14, and Yorgos Efthymiadis '13, and instructor, Stephen Sheffield.

Exhibitions open to the public on Sunday, June 7, 2015. Danforth Art members are invited to preview the exhibitions during private viewing hours on Friday, June 5, 5 - 7pm., The 2015 Somerville Open Studios takes place THIS WEEKEND, Friday, May 1, 6pm - 9pm, Saturday - Sunday, May 2 & 3, 12pm - 6pm, and features work from hundreds of area artists, including NESOP alums: Ioanna Tourkantonis ('09), Caleb Cole ('08), Mara Brod ('04) and Asia Kepka ('94).

Visit their Artist Directory at SomervilleOpenStudios.org for a complete listing., Photos from the Opening Receptions of The Flash Forward Festival's [Photo]gogues: New England III, featuring NESOP instructor Bill Franson, and from  'Undergraduate Photography Now III', featuring NESOP students Rachel Martin and Kelsey Whitaker., Bruno Debas' 'Storytelling with Multimedia' class have been busy working on music videos - below are links to work from two of his students, Jason Pietroski and Li Han.

+ Jason Pietroski: http://bit.ly/JasonPietroskiVideo
+ Li Han: http://bit.ly/LiHanVideo, IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Last week, Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 aired a segment dedicated to photography galleries in Boston, including: Robert Klein Gallery, Panopticon Gallery, and Gallery Kayafas. 

The segment also features an interview with NESOP Black & White instructor, Stephen Sheffield Photography about his work with The Hawthorne, and a quick, cameo appearance by the facade of NESOP - check it out!, Elin Spring Photography reviews some of the student work exhibited at The Flash Forward Festival's 'Undergraduate Photography Now III' show, juried by Lou Jones and Greer Muldowney.

NESOP students Rachel Martin and Kelsey Whitaker are among the 18 New England college photography students selected for inclusion in this show - their work will be displayed for the month of May, 530 Harrison Avenue, Boston., Registration for Summer Photography Workshops begins Monday, May 25 [Memorial Day]. Visit NESOP.com/workshops.asp for more information.

Image ©Lyn Freeman, NESOP '14., Darkroom presents their first exhibition, 'The Photography Channel', showcasing the work of a number of NESOP alums and other area artists, including: Rob Collins, Greg Norstrom, Brian Kaplan, Jenna Darcy Stebbins, Diego Navarro, Todd Danforth, Will Russack, and Mitch Weiss., NESOP instructor Bill Franson is one of 10 area photography faculty members selected for inclusion in The Flash Forward Festival's [Photo]gogues: New England III.  Opening Reception is tomorrow, Tuesday, April 28th from 6-8pm. 

Juried by Paula Tognarelli and Frances Jakubek of the Griffin Museum of Photography, this work will be exhibited at the Lafayette Center Passageway, 2 Avenue de Lafayette, Boston from Apr 24–May 15, 2015., Congratulations to NESOP 2nd year student Kyle Spencer, he was the first place winner in the 'Feature' category, and the third place winner in the 'Picture Story' category for the Boston Press Photographer Association's (BPPA) Annual Student Contest. 

The images Kyle submitted were produced during a recent Visual Reportage Workshops trip to Guatemala. Run by instructor Glen Cooper, this intensive, 9-day photography workshop fully immerses students in Guatemalan culture. For more info on this, and upcoming workshops, visit: www.visualreportage.com.

Photo Title: Procession for Lent in Antigua Guatemala, ©Kyle Spencer., ALSO HAPPENING TONIGHT! Darkroom presents their first exhibition, 'The Photography Channel', showcasing the work of a number of NESOP alums and other area artists, including: Rob Collins, Greg Norstrom, Brian Kaplan, Jenna Darcy Stebbins, Diego Navarro, Todd Danforth, Will Russack, and Mitch Weiss.

Friday, April 24 | 7PM | Warehouse XI, Somerville, MA, TONIGHT! 5:00-8:00pm: Opening Reception for The Flash Forward Festival's 'Undergraduate Photography Now III' exhibition, juried by Lou Jones and Greer Muldowney.

NESOP students Rachel Martin and Kelsey Whitaker are among the 18 New England college photography students selected for inclusion in this show. Their work will be displayed Mon. - Fri., 9am - 5pm for the month of May, 530 Harrison Avenue, Boston., MAY 14 | 5:30PM: Opening Reception for TAKE 5 | I AM T.B.D. at The Photographic Resource Center.

Curated by Susan Nalband of 555 Gallery, this exhibition showcases the work of a small group of middle school students from The Epiphany School in Dorchester, who have been exploring photography under the guidance of NESOP '11 alum, Brenda Bancel., FRIDAY NIGHT: Darkroom presents their first exhibition, 'The Photography Channel' showcasing the work of Rob Collins, Greg Norstrom, Brian Kaplan, Jenna Darcy Stebbins, Diego Navarro, Todd Danforth, Will Russack, and Mitch Weiss.

Friday, April 24 | 7PM | Warehouse XI, Somerville, MA, NESOP Crosscurrents IV at the New England Aquarium / Simons IMAX Theatre, 'Water Rising: The Impact on Humanity' featuring National Geographic Photographer George Steinmetz and Union of Concerned Scientists Sr. Analyst, Erika Spanger-Siegfried. Hosted by Women Working for Oceans., NESOP's CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18 who want to experiment with their photographic visions - specifically through digital and traditional black & white film photography.

CAMP PHOTO is a great way for teens to explore their talents, build their portfolios and learn more about career possibilities in the photography industry., THIS THURSDAY: Opening reception for April's Artists Crossing exhibition featuring four students from NESOP's Fine Art Color class: Kelsey Whitaker, Ryan Maheu, Mark MacLeod and Kyle Spencer. April, 16th, 5:30-7:30pm, 24 Bromfield Street, Boston., Rhode Island + South Eastern MA: NESOP will be at the Providence National College Fair at The Rhode Island Convention Center TOMORROW EVENING!

Join us, Tuesday, April 14, 5:30-8:30pm, and have all of your questions about NESOP answered. One Sabin Street, Providence, RI., Somerville Open Studios 2015 is coming up Friday, May 1, 6pm - 9pm, Saturday - Sunday, May 2 & 3, 12pm - 6pm, and features work from hundreds of area artists, including a number of NESOP alums. Visit their Artist Directory at SomervilleOpenStudios.org for a complete listing., Panopticon Gallery announces: 'think small.' A juried photography exhibition curated by Jason Landry, gallery owner, and '14 NESOP alum, Corinne DiPietro, gallery assistant.

Deadline for submissions: May 15, 2015
Show runs: June 11 - September 8, 2015, NESOP students / alumni are invited to submit work for #BLINK - Digital Silver Imaging's 2-day photo pop-up exhibition and party taking place during Somerville Open Studios, May 2nd + 3rd. $35 entrance fee. See link for full details., CALL FOR ENTRY: Deadline for submitting to The Photographic Resource Center's EXPOSURE 2015 juried exhibition is THIS SUNDAY, April 12 - see attached link for full details.
 
"What makes EXPOSURE unique among juried shows is that we ask our juror to select between 10 to 15 artists AND 2 and 5 pieces per person, allowing artists to showcase a series at a deeper level and making for an enriching viewing experience.", WESTERN MA: If you, or someone you know, is interested in a career in professional photography, NESOP will be at the NACAC Springfield College Fair this Sunday, April 12 from 1-4pm, and again Monday, April 13 from 9-11:30a., TONIGHT! Opening Reception for Fran Forman | Escape Artist at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. Fran will be signing copies of her book by the same name, which will be available for purchase at the gallery.
----------------------------------------------
- 'Escape Artist' is open now through May 1st
- Artist Reception + Book Signing: Thurs., April 9th, 5pm - 7pm, HAPPENING NOW: NESOP Crosscurrents IV at the New England Aquarium / Simons IMAX Theatre, 'Water Rising: The Impact on Humanity' featuring National Geographic Photographer George Steinmetz and Union of Concerned Scientists Sr. Analyst, Erika Spanger-Siegfried. Hosted by Women Working for Oceans., NESOP instructor Bill Franson is one of 10 area photography faculty members selected for inclusion in The Flash Forward Festival's [Photo]gogues: New England III.

Juried by Paula Tognarelli and Frances Jakubek of the Griffin Museum of Photography, this work will be exhibited at the Lafayette Center Passageway, 2 Avenue de Lafayette, Boston from Apr 24–May 15, 2015. Opening Reception, Tuesday, April 28, 6-8pm., TOMORROW NIGHT! Opening Reception for Fran Forman | Escape Artist at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. Fran will also be signing copies of her new book of images from this series.
----------------------------------------------
- 'Escape Artist' is open now through May 1st
- Artist Reception + Book Signing: Thurs., April 9th, 5pm - 7pm, NESOP students Rachel Martin and Kelsey Whitaker are among 18 New England college photography students selected for inclusion in The Flash Forward Festival's 'Undergraduate Photography Now III' exhibition.

This exhibition was juried by Lou Jones and Greer Muldowney on behalf of the Flash Forward Festival. Their work will be displayed Mon. - Fri., 9am - 5pm for the month of May, 530 Harrison Avenue, Boston. Opening Reception is Friday, April 24th from 5-8PM., Four NESOP students from Erin Carey's Fine Art Color class have had their work selected for the April Artists Crossing exhibition.

Congratulations to second year students Kelsey Whitaker, Ryan Maheu, Mark MacLeod and Kyle Spencer. An Artists' Reception will be held Thursday April, 16th, 5:30-7:30 at the gallery, 24 Bromfield Street, Boston. Visit link for full details., Chris Vaccaro's Fashion Photography students conducting an on-location fashion shoot at MIT., Fstoppers gives 5 reasons to consider taking photography workshops this year. 

Our Spring photography workshops are already underway, but there is still time to get in if you to enroll this week. Summer workshops begin June 22., Coming up next at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Fran Forman-photo montage | Escape Artist. Fran will be signing copies of her new book of images from this series at the Opening Reception.
----------------------------------------------
'Escape Artist' runs: April 7th - May 1st
Artist Reception + Book Signing: Thursday, April 9th, 5pm - 7pm, Opening Reception for the 2015 Photographic Resource Center Student Exhibition highlighting the esteemed photography educational programs that belong to the PRC Institutional Member Program, and featuring work selected by the schools themselves.

Show features NESOP students: Kaylee Cataldo-Perry, Ryan Maheu, Sarah Santos, Shauna Tata and Kelsey Whitaker - their submissions were selected for inclusion by a jury of NESOP instructors. Show runs: March 26 − May 3, 2015., Still space available in Portraiture III with Kate Murphy. 

This workshop meets Thursday evenings this Spring and focuses on the development of personal style and the creation of a portraiture portfolio., NESOP instructor Bill Franson hosts 'Nights at The PRC' this Wednesday, April 1, 6:30 - 8:30pm. Discussion Topic: Toy Cameras. This event is free and open to the public, anyone interested in work that utilizes plastic, alternative, or hand-made cameras, and in discussing this unique method is encouraged to attend.

Bill will also be teaching The Holga Experience workshop, Saturdays this Spring at NESOP, seats still available. Visit http://bit.ly/1A8MsT9 for more info., Closing reception for Brian Christopher Sargent: 'Notes From the Underground' exhibition tomorrow, Friday, March 27, 5-7PM at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions - free and open to the public!, Food stylist / photographer Catrine Kelty and Kristin Teig visit Chris Vaccaro's Food Photography Class and demonstrate some trade tips.

There is still time to enroll in "Intro to Food Photography" and "Advanced Food Photography" with Chris Vaccaro - classes begin next week! For more info ---> http://bit.ly/1MNzmBY, TONIGHT! 5:30-8pm: Opening Reception for the 2015 Photographic Resource Center Student Exhibition highlighting the esteemed photography educational programs that belong to the PRC Institutional Member Program, and featuring work selected by the schools themselves.

Show features NESOP students: Kaylee Cataldo-Perry, Ryan Maheu, Sarah Santos, Shauna Tata and Kelsey Whitaker - their submissions were selected for inclusion by a jury of NESOP instructors. Show runs: March 26 − May 3, 2015. Image © Sarah Santos., Still space available in a number of our Spring Photography Workshops - enroll by this Friday, March 27 to receive early tuition discount. For full list of available classes, visit: http://bit.ly/1eWerO0, COMING UP: NESOP instructor Bill Franson hosts Nights at The Photographic Resource Center [PRC] on Wednesday, April 1, 6:30 - 8:30PM. Discussion Topic: Holga Photography.

Additionally, Bill will be teaching The Holga Experience workshop this Spring at NESOP, seats still available. Visit nesop.com for more info., THIS THURSDAY, March 26th, 5:30-8pm: Opening Reception for the 2015 Photographic Resource Center Student Exhibition highlighting the esteemed photography educational programs that belong to the PRC Institutional Member Program, and featuring work selected by the schools themselves. 

Congratulations to NESOP students: Kaylee Cataldo-Perry, Ryan Maheu, Sarah Santos, Shauna Tata and Kelsey Whitaker - their submissions were selected for inclusion by a jury of NESOP instructors. Show runs: March 26 − May 3, 2015 Image© Kelsey Whitaker., DESTINATION WORKSHOP: NYC | April 17 - April 19, 2015.

Take advantage of this unique opportunity! Registrants will receive two nights hotel accommodations in New York City, and a two-day intensive field workshop with NESOP instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY, an international award-winning photographer.  Work on developing a portfolio of architectural photography while enjoying some of the most stunning and varied architecture in the United States., TODAY: OPEN HOUSE 11A-2P. See demos, tour the school, meet our faculty, administration, and staff. Find out what a NESOP education can do for you!, This Spring, NESOP is offering two levels of food photography workshops, 'Intro to Food Photography' and 'Advanced Food Photography' with Chris Vaccaro Photography. 

Check out the attached video for more info, then, enroll here---> [http://bit.ly/1MNzmBY] by March 27th to receive a tuition discount., NESOP instructor Dana Smith Photography's work is featured in The Wall Street Journal today.

There is still space available in Dana's upcoming workshop 'Photographing People' - this class will meet Tuesday evenings for 10 weeks beginning March 31st. Enroll by Friday, March 27 to receive tuition discount. For more info, please visit: http://bit.ly/VIVebO, THIS FRIDAY, MARCH 20th: Opening reception for Panopticon Gallery's next exhibition, Guitar Heroes. Immediately following the reception, they will host a silent auction and benefit concert with Ricky "King" Russell and the Cadillac Horns upstairs in the Hotel Commonwealth ballroom.

Opening Reception is FREE | Benefit Concert is $10.00., NESOP '12 alum Stephanie Larsen will be conducting a fashion photo shoot demonstration at our Open House this Saturday, March 21st - don't miss out!, Are you, or someone you know, interested in a career in photography? Join us for our Spring 2015 Open House THIS SATURDAY, March 21st, 11am-2pm. Tour the facilities, learn about a NESOP education, meet our staff / faculty, and more. For more info, visit: http://bit.ly/1dhkXOz, LAUNCHING YOUR PHOTOGRAPHY BUSINESS | Wednesdays, 6-9PM:

Launching Your Photography Business with Keitaro Yoshioka is a workshop designed to help prepare students, both mentally and literally, to launch their own photography business. Topics include understanding the photographer's market, creating a 5-year business plan, self-promotion and marketing tools, portfolio presentation/securing new clients, pricing and providing estimates. Runs 4/1 - 6/3., INTRODUCTION TO BLACK & WHITE DARKROOM WORKSHOP | Tuesdays, 10AM-5PM:

Introduction to Black & White Darkroom with Nick Johnson is an intensive workshop presenting the fundamentals of black & white photography and exploring the basic functions of the camera. The class goal is to produce a high quality negative and technically strong black & white prints. Runs 3/31 - 6/16., ART OF STUDIO WORKSHOP | Thursdays, 6-9PM:

Art of Studio with Bruno Debas is a course designed for people who wish to learn to use studio lighting and digital capture skills to create dynamic images. Commercial studio techniques will be the theme of the course which will offer ample opportunity for individual creativity. Runs 4/2-6/4., DOCUMENTARY PHOTOGRAPHY WORKSHOP | Mondays, 10AM-1PM:

Documentary Photography with Michael Hintlian is a workshop about telling a story with pictures and having it bear your unique vision. Students will explore personal style and vision, the elements of editing, the concept of process and how to solve the basic picture problem. Runs 3/30 - 5/18., CREATIVE IMAGING I WORKSHOP with Sue Anne Hodges | Thursdays, 6-9PM:

Having already learned the fundamentals of RAW processing in the Lightroom Develop Module or Adobe Camera RAW, this workshop allows you to take your images further either technically or creatively using Adobe Photoshop. Runs 4/2-6/18., The 2015 Photographic Resource Center Student Exhibition highlights the esteemed photography educational programs that belong to the PRC Institutional Member Program, and features work selected by the schools themselves. Congratulations to NESOP students: Kaylee Cataldo-Perry, Ryan Maheu, Sarah Santos, Shauna Tata and Kelsey Whitaker - their submissions were selected for inclusion by a jury of NESOP instructors.

Show runs: March 26 − May 3, 2015
Reception: Thursday, March 26th, 5:30-8pm, DIGITAL CAMERA II WORKSHOP | Mondays, 6-8:30PM: 

Digital Camera II with Fran Osborn-Blaschke builds upon the foundation built in Digital Camera I. Reviewing the basics, then moving on to more fundamentals, students will develop their photography skills as they become more comfortable with the functions of their camera. Runs 3/30 - 5/18., NESOP's CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18 who want to experiment with their photographic visions - specifically through digital and traditional black & white film photography.  

CAMP PHOTO is a great way to explore your talents, build your portfolio and learn more about career possibilities in the photography industry. For more info: http://bit.ly/1B4LFRE, All NESOP Students / Alumni / Faculty / Staff are now eligible for the NESOP Zipcar discount. Join Zipcar for just $25. and receive discounted Monday - Friday driving rates. See attached link for full details., Crosscurrents seminar for 2nd year students on Marketing Your Photographs., Are you, or someone you know, interested in a career in photography? Join us for our Spring 2015 Open House, March 21st, 11am-2pm. Tour the facilities, learn about a NESOP education, meet our staff / faculty, and more. For more info, visit: http://bit.ly/1dhkXOz, NESOP Special Projects Manager / House Photographer Tony Sahadeo ('93) is featured on Boston.com for his recent documentation of Keitaro Yoshioka's Architectural Photography class visit to the Boston Public Library. Also featured, 2nd year student, Jen Langis., Intro to Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography meets Monday evenings this Spring beginning March 30.

This 10-week workshop will introduce students to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising and editorial, travel and lifestyle, to social media smartphone photography, all areas of food photography will be explored. Enroll by 3/27 and save $30.00 on cost of workshop., Opening reception for 'Wide Angle Vision', an exhibition presented by Orchard Skateshop featuring photographs by NESOP '13 alum, Rob Collins Photography. 

“Wide Angle Vision is a body of work that shows a small glimpse of  America. In July of 2014, my brother Paul and I packed up a car and  drove across the country for 7 weeks. We planned our trip around places we wanted to see or skate, and where we had friends to take us in.", STILL SEATS AVAILABLE: NESOP presents CrossCurrents - Marketing Your Photos with Mary Virginia Swanson, TOMORROW, Monday, March 2, 1:00 - 4:30PM. Interested alumni / workshop students are encouraged to attend. Seminar is $20., available on a first come, first served basis., Elin Spring Photography shares a number of area photography exhibitions to get you out and about this weekend, including Brian Christopher Sargent's “Notes from the Underground,” now open at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions., COMING UP | Friday, March 20th: Opening reception for Panopticon Gallery's next exhibition, Guitar Heroes. Immediately following the reception, they will host a silent auction and benefit concert with Ricky "King" Russell and the Cadillac Horns upstairs in the Hotel Commonwealth ballroom. 

Opening Reception is FREE | Benefit Concert is $10.00., Curated by by Stephanie Dvareckas and Bruce Myren, "ON PHOTOGRAPHY" highlights some of Massachusetts’ best  photographers, both emerging and established, including NESOP alums: Amy  Theiss Giese '06, Elizabeth Ireland '14, and Laura Knapp '14., Are you or someone you know interested in a career in photography? Join us for our Spring 2015 Open House, March 21st, 11am-2pm. Tour the facilities, learn about a NESOP education, meet our staff / faculty, and more., Registration for Spring 2015 Photography Workshops is NOW OPEN. Visit the link below and click the green "Current Workshop Schedule" button located in the upper right corner of your screen to see a full list of classes being offered. Register by March 27 to receive early tuition discount., NESOP 2nd year student, Mark MacLeod, has a solo show opening this Thursday night at Eyeful Beauty in Lowell that features a selection of his work from Advanced Color class.

To see more of Mark's work, visit: www.markmacleodphoto.com., NESOP is proud to be one of 12 schools participating in the Photographic Resource Center's 2015 Student Exhibition this spring. This annual exhibition honors academic diversity, showing each program’s unique approach to photography and related media. Student work will be juried and selected by NESOP faculty members.

Show runs: March 26 − May 3, 2015
Opening Reception: Thursday, March 26th, 5:30-8pm, NESOP '06 alum Heather McGrath Photography was the featured Instagram account in this weeks' Boston Sunday Globe.

"Professional photographer Heather McGrath is a tough act to follow — except on Instagram, @HeatherMcGrath. Her experience ranges from her concept-friendly studio to dreamy high fashion to the muddy paths and hangouts of competitive bikers.", TOMORROW! Tuesday, February 24th our Spring 2015 Photography Workshop registration will officially be OPEN.

NESOP workshops cover all areas of photography—from basic camera operations and photographic techniques to introductory and advanced darkroom processes to creative, high-level lighting to all aspects of digital imaging from print to the web. Enroll by March 27 to receive early registration discount., Seminar for second year students with fine art/editorial photographer and curator Blake Fitch, portfolio consultant and life/career coach Elaine Totten Davis, and well as talented photographers, Caleb Cole, Yorgos Efthymiadis and Kevin Brusie., Our Spring 2015 Photography Workshop registration will be OPEN on Tuesday, February 24.

NESOP workshops cover all areas of photography—from basic camera operations and photographic techniques to introductory and advanced darkroom processes to creative, high-level lighting to all aspects of digital imaging from print to the web. Enroll by March 27 to receive early registration discount., Still space available in 'Everything About Lenses', a 2-day weekend workshop with Stephen Ostrowski Photography happening February 28 - March 1.

Cleaning the lens; defining focal length; angle of view; optical perspective; depth of field; lens sharpness; variable aperture and constant aperture lenses; IS/VR lenses, lens hoods; specialty lenses; and the use of filters and tripod are all covered in this class., THIS SATURDAY: Orchard Skateshop Presents 'Wide Angle Vision', an exhibition featuring photographs by NESOP '13 alum, Rob Collins Photography. 

“Wide Angle Vision is a body of work that shows a small glimpse of America. In July of 2014, my brother Paul and I packed up a car and drove across the country for 7 weeks. We planned our trip around places we wanted to see or skate, and where we had friends to take us in.", COMING UP LATER THIS MONTH | NESOP instructors Dana Smith Photography and KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY are offering a 2-part workshop at EP Levine.

"Breaking In: (To Your Photography Business)" is a 2-day workshop where Keitaro and Dana share their business of photography knowledge and experience with those interested in starting their own photography business, and those trying to advance an existing business. Part 1: Saturday, Feb 28th, Part 2: Saturday, March 7th | 9am-4pm. Please see flyer for full details., Still space available in 'Everything About Lenses', a 2-day weekend workshop with Stephen Ostrowski Photography happening February 28 - March 1.

Cleaning the lens; defining focal length; angle of view; optical perspective; depth of field; lens sharpness; variable aperture and constant aperture lenses; IS/VR lenses, lens hoods; specialty lenses; and the use of filters and tripod are all covered in this class., THIS WEDNESDAY NIGHT | February 18: The Hynes Convention Center welcomes a new exhibition, "ON PHOTOGRAPHY" curated by by Stephanie Dvareckas, art consultant for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority, and Bruce Myren, board member for the Photographic Resource Center. 

The exhibition will highlight some of Massachusetts’ best photographers, both emerging and established, including NESOP alums: Amy Theiss Giese '06, Elizabeth Ireland: Fine Art Photographer '14, and Laura Knapp Photography '14., NESOP presents CrossCurrents: Marketing Photos with Mary Virginia Swanson, Monday, March 2, 1:00 - 4:30PM. Alumni and workshop students are encouraged to attend. Seminar is $20, information is available through the main office., MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16: Facilities will open as usual at 8am. Classes will begin at 10am. Classes that typically start at 10am, and scheduled make-up sessions beginning 10am and later, will run as scheduled., Due to the impending storm, parking ban, and MBTA service cancellations, NESOP will be closed tomorrow, Sunday February 15. We will update you on any further decisions as they are made., NESOP instructor Bill Franson is one of a select few educator / artists featured at The 2015 Flash Forward Festival's exhibition, [Photo]gogues]: New England. Stay tuned for more information about this, and other festival exhibitions in the coming weeks.

[Photo]gogues]: New England is open Apr 24–May 15 at Lafayette City Center, Boston., Laura Pineda's Portraiture students conduct a mock wedding at The Hampshire House in Boston's Beacon Hill neighborhood., NESOP is proud to be one of 12 schools participating in the Photographic Resource Center's 2015 Student Exhibition next month. This annual exhibition honors academic diversity, showing each program’s unique approach to photography and related media.

Show runs: March 26 − May 3, 2015
Opening Reception: Thursday, March 26th, 5:30-8pm, Still space available in 'Everything About Lenses', a 2-day weekend workshop at happening February 28 - March 1.

Cleaning the lens; defining focal length; angle of view; optical perspective; depth of field; lens sharpness; variable aperture and constant aperture lenses; IS/VR lenses, lens hoods; specialty lenses; and the use of filters and tripod are all covered in this class., UPDATE: This event has been re-scheduled to Wednesday, February 18th!!!!!!!!!!!!
---------------------
TOMORROW NIGHT | February 12: The Hynes Convention Center welcomes a new exhibition, "ON PHOTOGRAPHY" curated by by Stephanie Dvareckas, art consultant for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority, and Bruce Myren, board member for the Photographic Resource Center. 

The exhibition will highlight some of Massachusetts’ best photographers, both emerging and established, including NESOP alums: Amy Theiss Giese '06, Elizabeth Ireland: Fine Art Photographer '14, and Laura Knapp Photography '14., NESOP instructors Dana Smith Photography and KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY are offering a 2-part workshop at EP Levine.

"Breaking In: (To Your Photography Business)" is a 2-day workshop where Keitaro and Dana share their business of photography knowledge and experience with those interested in starting their own photography business, and those trying to advance an existing business. Part 1: Saturday, Feb 28th, Part 2: Saturday, March 7th | 9am-4pm. Please see flyer for full details., Due to travel and parking restrictions resulting from the storm, NESOP will be closed again tomorrow, Tuesday, February 10th. All day and evening classes are cancelled, and facilities will be closed., Due to the storm, NESOP will be closed tomorrow, Monday, February 9th. No full-time or evening classes will run, and facilities will be closed., UPDATE: Due to the ongoing power outage, NESOP will be closing its facilities at 4PM today. All evening workshops are CANCELLED., We are currently experiencing a power outage throughout the 537 Commonwealth Avenue building. Classes scheduled at 537 today will be held at 650 Beacon Street while we work to resolve this issue. For safety reasons, we ask that students refrain from entering 537 Comm Ave. until further notice, and if you don't have class today, please do not come in. We apologize for the inconvenience., Elin Spring Photography reviews 'Self Portraits, Not #Selfies' at Panopticon Gallery, featuring work from: Alexa Torre ('12), Alicia Savage (workshop instructor), Bill Franson (faculty), Laura Knapp ('14), Greg Norstrom ('13), Cori DiPietro ('14), Jenna Stebbins ('14), Stephen Sheffield (faculty), and Orianna Reardon ('12).

"Eons apart from the “selfies” that largely serve to mark the location and cohorts at an event or party, these well-crafted photographs are idea-based." OPEN NOW!, Congratulations to NESOP alums Aoife Shanahan ('14) and Alena Kuzub ('13) - both had their images selected for inclusion in the February 2015 Black & White issue of F-Stop Magazine., Orchard Skateshop Presents: 'Wide Angle Vision', an exhibition featuring photographs by NESOP '13 alum, Rob Collins Photography. 

“Wide Angle Vision is a body of work that shows a small glimpse of America. In July of 2014, my brother Paul and I packed up a car and drove across the country for 7 weeks. We planned our trip around places we wanted to see or skate, and where we had friends to take us in." Opening Reception: Saturday, Feb. 21st, 8-10PM., THIS THURSDAY | 6PM | Mount Ida College:

New Visionaries: Photographers Who Bridge Art + Commerce: 2.5.2015 celebrates the many possible paths for photographers following their own voice when commissioned by clients. From those who've recently graduated, to photographers working with the largest brands and companies in the world, this exhibition features 63 artists who bridge the genres of fine art and commercial photography, including NESOP alums / faculty: Rick Ashley ('79), Domenic Casserly ('11), Keiko Hiromi ('05), Kate Kelly ('11), Samuel Quinn ('09), Stephen Sheffield (faculty) and Jeremy & Claire Weiss ('00).
--------------------------------------------------------
Show runs: February 5th - April 21st at Mount Ida College
Opening Reception: February 5th | 6pm
Curated by Michael Donnor & Alison Poor-Donahue, NEXT THURSDAY | February 12: The Hynes Convention Center welcomes a new exhibition, "ON PHOTOGRAPHY" curated by by Stephanie Dvareckas, art consultant for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority, and Bruce Myren, board member for the Photographic Resource Center. 

The exhibition will highlight some of Massachusetts’ best photographers, both emerging and established, including NESOP alums: Amy Theiss Giese '06, Elizabeth Ireland '14, and Laura Knapp '14., Due to the storm, NESOP will be closed today, Monday, February 2nd. All FT and evening classes are cancelled, and facilities are closed., Call for Submissions: Photography Now, Juried by Stephen Tourlentes and Presented by Cambridge Art Association. 

Submission deadline: February 6, 2015 at midnight., New Visionaries: Photographers Who Bridge Art + Commerce: 2.5.2015 celebrates the many possible paths for photographers following their own voice when commissioned by clients. From those who've recently graduated, to photographers working with the largest brands and companies in the world, this exhibition features 63 artists who bridge the genres of fine art and commercial photography, including the following NESOP alums / faculty: Rick Ashley ('79), Domenic Casserly ('11), Keiko Hiromi ('05), Kate Kelly ('11), Samuel Quinn ('09), Stephen Sheffield (faculty) and Jeremy & Claire Weiss ('00).
--------------------------------------------------------
Show runs: February 5th - April 21st at Mount Ida College
Opening Reception: February 5th | 6pm
Curated by Michael Donnor & Alison Poor-Donahue, COMING UP: The Hynes Convention Center welcomes a new exhibition, "ON PHOTOGRAPHY" curated by by Stephanie Dvareckas, art consultant for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority, and Bruce Myren, board member for the Photographic Resource Center. 

The exhibition will highlight some of Massachusetts’ best photographers, both emerging and established, including NESOP alums: Amy Theiss Giese '06, Elizabeth Ireland: Fine Art Photographer '14, and Laura Knapp Photography '14., Please be advised, NESOP will remain closed throughout today, Wednesday, January 28. All classes are canceled / facilities are closed. Normal operations will resume tomorrow, Thursday, January 29., Opening reception for 'Self-Portraits, Not #Selfies' at Panopticon Gallery featuring work from several NESOP alums / faculty: Stephen Sheffield (faculty), Alicia Savage (workshop instructor), Alexa Torre ('12), Bill Franson (faculty), Laura Knapp ('14), Greg Norstrom ('13), Cori DiPietro ('14), Jenna Stebbins ('14) and Orianna Reardon ('12).

Show runs through March 16., New Visionaries: Photographers Who Bridge Art + Commerce: 2.5.2015 celebrates the many possible paths for photographers following their own voice when commissioned by clients. From those who've recently graduated, to photographers working with the largest brands and companies in the world, this exhibition features 63 artists who bridge the genres of fine art and commercial photography, including the following NESOP alums / faculty: Rick Ashley ('79), Domenic Casserly ('11), Keiko Hiromi ('05), Kate Kelly ('11), Samuel Quinn ('09), Stephen Sheffield (faculty) and Jeremy & Claire Weiss ('00).
--------------------------------------------------------   
Show runs: February 5th - April 21st at Mount Ida College
Opening Reception: February 5th | 6pm
Curated by Michael Donnor & Alison Poor-Donahue, Images from Keitaro Yoshioka's 2nd year Architectural Photography class' visit to the Boston Public Library., NESOP instructor, Blake Fitch is featured on LENSCRATCH for her project, 'Dress Rehearsal', a series that depicts young girls in princess character costumes., NESOP alums Daniela Goncalves ('13) and Brian Tortora ('11) make up the team at Bearwalk Cinema. 

Their latest film, "A Beekeepers Exploration," follows photographer and beekeeper Renée Ricciardi on her quest to build awareness about the widespread negative impact that man-made environmental hazards, like pesticides, have on bees, and ultimately, our agriculture as a whole., Still time to register for 'Everything About Lenses', a 2-day intensive workshop with Steve Ostrowski taking place Saturday & Sunday, Feb. 28 - Mar. 1.

Cleaning the lens; defining focal length; angle of view; optical perspective; depth of field; lens sharpness; variable aperture and constant aperture lenses; IS/VR lenses, lens hoods; specialty lenses; and the use of filters and tripod are all covered., RECEPTION TONIGHT | 5-7PM at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Photographer, mixed media artist, and NESOP instructor Luis Brens captures the vibrant street life of Cuba in this intimate essay on the rhythms of the street.
 ----------------------------------------------
 'Mis Momentos en Cuba' runs: January 5th - February 14th, Still some space left in Steve Ostrowski's 2-day intensive workshop, 'The Dirty Dozen: 12 Essential Truths about Light & Exposure' happening this weekend: 

"12 hours, 12 topics to solidify your foundations in exposure for digital photography. Master the truths about exposure, instill more confidence in your photography and ensure more consistent results.", THIS FRIDAY!

Opening reception for  'Self Portraits not #Selfies' at Panopticon Gallery featuring a number of NESOP alums and faculty: Stephen Sheffield (faculty), Alicia Savage (workshop instructor), Alexa Torre ('12), Bill Franson (faculty), Laura Knapp ('14), Greg Norstrom ('13), Cori DiPietro ('14), Jenna Stebbins ('14) and Orianna Reardon ('12).

Friday, January 16, 5:30-7:30pm | 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston, Opening reception this Wednesday, January 14 at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Photographer, mixed media artist, and NESOP instructor Luis Brens captures the vibrant street life of Cuba in this intimate essay on the rhythms of the street.
----------------------------------------------
'Mis Momentos en Cuba' runs: January 5th - February 14th
Artist Reception: Wednesday, January 14th, 5pm - 7pm, NEXT FRIDAY: 'Self Portraits not #Selfies' at Panopticon Gallery features a number of NESOP alums and faculty: Stephen Sheffield (faculty), Alicia Savage (workshop instructor), Alexa Torre ('12), Bill Franson (faculty), Laura Knapp ('14), Greg Norstrom ('13), Cori DiPietro ('14), Jenna Stebbins ('14) and Orianna Reardon ('12).
 
Opening reception: Friday, January 16, 5:30-7:30pm., Creative Lighting II: Skills & Strategies for TTL Electronic Flash with Steve Ostrowski meets Wednesday nights beginning Jan. 7.

This workshop is a ten-week intensive introduction to electronic flash photography with a concentration on Canon and Nikon digital cameras, and the respective TTL flashes., Interior Design Photography with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY runs Wednesday nights beginning Jan. 7 - enroll now!

This workshop is designed to introduce students to the specialized area of interior design photography. Students will learn essential skills for creating dynamic interior design photographs., The Holga Experience with Bill Franson starts this Saturday, January 10 from 10-1: "Open to all experience levels, even for those who have never touched film. In 10 weeks we go from shooting and processing film to making masterful prints in the darkroom. We even cover print toning." - Bill Franson

To enroll, visit: http://bit.ly/holgawksp | Image ©Bill Franson, Coming up next at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Photographer, mixed media artist, and NESOP instructor Luis Brens captures the vibrant street life of Cuba in this intimate essay on the rhythms of the street.
----------------------------------------------
'Mis Momentos en Cuba' runs: January 5th - February 14th 
Artist Reception: Wednesday, January 14th, 5pm - 7pm, Creative Lighting II: Skills & Strategies for TTL Electronic Flash with Steve Ostrowski meets Wednesday nights beginning Jan. 7.

This workshop is a ten-week intensive introduction to electronic flash photography with a concentration on Canon and Nikon digital cameras, and the respective TTL flashes., Interior Design Photography with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY runs Wednesday nights beginning Jan. 7. 

This workshop is designed to introduce students to the specialized area of interior design photography. Students will learn essential skills for creating dynamic interior design photographs., 'Self Portraits not #Selfies' at Panopticon Gallery  features a number of NESOP alums and faculty: Stephen Sheffield (faculty), Alicia Savage (workshop instructor), Alexa Torre ('12), Bill Franson (faculty), Laura Knapp ('14), Greg Norstrom ('13), Cori DiPietro ('14), Jenna Stebbins ('14) and Orianna Reardon ('12).

Opening reception: Friday, January 16, 5:30-7:30pm., "This was one of the most enlightening, fun, and informative classes I have taken in my life. Opens one's eye to a whole new world through the lens." - Karen Teller, Intensive Digital IA with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY, "Nick is an amazing and inspiring teacher. The NESOP staff is fantastic—very helpful and very knowledgeable. A fantastic course.  I will sign up for Advanced Darkroom.” - David F. Elmer, Basic Darkroom, Fall '14, "This course is about learning film, but also about learning the attributes of this camera...the course runs through how to expose for the camera, what kind of lighting to use, how to process the film, and how to make fine prints." - Bill Franson, Instructor of 'The Holga Experience'

Check out the video below, then register here --> http://bit.ly/1A8MsT9 by January 2nd to receive discounted rate., This is the FINAL WEEK to receive the discounted rate on our Winter 2015 Photography Workshops - enroll by Friday, January 2 to save on all classes: http://bit.ly/1eWerO0

Image © Alyssa Minahan, '14., "This course is about learning film, but also about learning the attributes of this camera...the course runs through how to expose for the camera, what kind of lighting to use, how to process the film, and how to make fine prints." - Bill Franson, Instructor of 'The Holga Experience' 

Check out the video below, then register here --> http://bit.ly/1A8MsT9 by January 2nd to receive discounted rate., 'Self Portraits not #Selfies' at Panopticon Gallery features a number of NESOP alums and faculty: Stephen Sheffield (faculty), Alicia Savage (workshop instructor), Alexa Torre ('12), Bill Franson (faculty), Laura Knapp ('14), Greg Norstrom ('13), Cori DiPietro ('14), Jenna Stebbins ('14) and Orianna Reardon ('12).

Opening reception: Friday, January 16, 5:30-7:30pm., NESOP's facilities will be closed Dec. 22 - Jan. 4
--------------------------------- 
Main Office Schedule: 
Open: Mon. 12/22, 9a-4p / Tues. 12/23, 9a-1p 
Closed : Weds. 12/24 - Sun. 12/28
--------------------------------- 
Open: Mon. 12/29, 9a-4p / Tues. 12/30, 9a-4p
Closed: Weds. 12/31 - Thurs. 01/01
Open: Fri. 01/02 9a-4p, Interested in taking your food photos to the next level? 'Intro to Food Photography' with Chris Vaccaro Photography covers all areas of food photography, including concepts, lighting, and styling. Class runs Monday evenings from 6-9pm beginning Jan. 5 - visit http://bit.ly/1pyvn2B for more info., This winter, NESOP offers two opportunities to take a workshop with award-winning documentary photographer, Michael Hintlian. Register by January 2nd to receive our discounted enrollment rate.

Documentary Photography: http://bit.ly/1tKCBPm
Urban Landscape: http://bit.ly/1hskwQN, 2014 alum Alissa Minahan's "Photo, No. 6" was selected by juror Aline Smithson Photography for inclusion in the 'Marvelous Things' exhibition at PhotoPlace Gallery.

Open: January 13 - February 6, for more info: http://bit.ly/1qBpqoa, Photography blogger Elin Spring Photography interviews NESOP '13 alum Yorgos Efthymiadis on his work, background, and upcoming projects., NEW! Moving Pictures for Still Photographers with Bruno Debas, Thursday evenings, beginning January 8.

This workshop focuses on how to use FCP X to blend still photography, video, interview, narration, music and ambient sound into a polished and compelling multimedia story., TONIGHT | 6PM: Opening reception for Winter Solstice Show: All Members Exhibition at the Griffin Museum of Photography. 

Post reception, noted photographer Henry Horenstein Photography will give a 10-minute talk and screen SPOKE, his short documentary film, an official selection of the Austin and Alexandria Film Festivals., Elin Spring Photography gives you a number of ways to support Boston photography (and some NESOP alums!) this holiday season., Interested in taking your food photos to the next level? 'Intro to Food Photography' with Chris Vaccaro Photography covers all areas of food photography, including concepts, lighting, and styling. Class runs Monday evenings from 6-9pm beginning Jan. 5 - visit http://bit.ly/1pyvn2B for more info.

Image© Jillian Medugno, Class of 2014, "I recently finished 'The Holga Experience' and it was great. The instructor, Bill Franson, was very knowledgeable and I learned more about shooting and developing film than I could have imagined." - James V., Boston.  

The Holga Experience w/ Bill Franson runs Saturdays this winter from 10a-1p, beginning Jan. 10., Follow us on Instagram to see what's going on behind the scenes here at NESOP., Whether you're looking to learn the fundamentals of black & white photography and explore the basic functions of the camera, or you're interested in exploring advanced negative and print making techniques, NESOP has a darkroom workshop for you. Check out this video with instructor Nick Johnson to find out which class is best for you, then enroll via the links below by Jan. 2 to receive discount.

Basic Darkroom: http://bit.ly/1m5t6W3
Advanced Darkroom: http://bit.ly/1m5tPq7, “Online courses and blogs can only do so much when compared with coming in and actually taking photographs with an instructor.  I’m so glad I did this!” - Elizabeth M. on 'Digital Camera I' w/ Fran Osborn-Blaschke, available this winter at NESOP: http://bit.ly/1s2qnBd, 'Photographing People' with Dana Smith Photography is designed to help photographers enhance their skills in creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or out on the street. You will learn how to make compelling editorial images in any kind of situation, dealing with subjects of all shapes, sizes, occupations, and personalities. Tuesday evenings this winter: http://bit.ly/VIVebO

Image© John Benford Photography, This winter, NESOP offers two opportunities to take a workshop with award-winning documentary photographer, Michael Hintlian. Register by January 2nd to receive our discounted enrollment rate.

Documentary Photography: http://bit.ly/1tKCBPm
Urban Landscape: http://bit.ly/1hskwQN, Deadline for submissions to The The Magenta Foundation's 2015 Flash Forward Festival competition is Monday, December 15th -  open to all photographers working in Canada, the UK and the US. Applicants must be 34 years-of-age or under as of December 31, 2014., Congratulations to NESOP '14 alum Elizabeth Ireland: Fine Art Photographer - she is Colortek of Boston's Featured Artist of the Month., Panopticon Gallery offers 10 gift ideas for the artists, photography enthusiasts, and collectors on your holiday list this year, including work from NESOP '12 alum, Eileen Clynes Photography., NESOP instructor / '08 alum Caleb Cole has two events this week where you can check out his recent work:
1. Wednesday, Dec. 3rd - He will be hosting 'Nights at the Photographic Resource Center': Identity and Portraiture, 6:30 - 8:00pm. Full info ---> http://bit.ly/1yCV7hO
2.  Friday, Dec. 5th, Exhibition Opening & Reception for his show 'Blue Boys' (cyanotypes, hand-colored prints, neon, mixed media and sculpture) at Gallery Kayafas, 5:30 - 8:00pm., NESOP is offering two NEW workshops this Winter, 'Photo Illustration and Compositing' and 'Moving Pictures for Still Photographers' - register for any of our workshops by January 2nd to receive early enrollment discount., Registration for our Winter 2015 Photography Workshops is now open. Enroll in a class by January 2nd to receive our early tuition rate: http://bit.ly/1eWerO0

Image © Alyssa Minahan, '14., Laura Pineda's Portraiture classes visited THE VERB HOTEL for their shoot last week., REMINDER: New England School of Photography's facilities (both buildings) will be closed for the week of Thanksgiving, November 24th - 30th.
--------------------------
The Main Office will remain open the following days:
Mon., Nov. 24 & Tues., Nov. 25, 9a-4p, Weds., Nov. 26, 9a-12p.
The Main Office will be closed on Thanksgiving and the Friday after.
--------------------------
Facilities will open for regular hours on Monday, December 1st at 8am. The Main Office will open at 9am., TONIGHT at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions:

Opening Reception for Holiday Park: Photographs by Dayna Rochell. Meet the artist, 5-7PM, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., Call for Entry: LensCulture's 6th Annual Exposure Awards accepting submissions through December 21st, 2014.

The LensCulture Exposure Awards is an international competition that aims to discover and showcase the best photographers from all over the world. Open to all types of photography. $10K in awards., Volunteers needed to assist with the rebuilding and reshaping of the Photographic Resource Center.

"On Tuesday, November 18th we are holding a volunteers night.
We’ll discuss the needs of the PRC and your interests, and match you up. So, if you have interest in photography, community, and volunteering, come and meet others like you!", This Wednesday, NESOP students, faculty & staff are invited to attend CROSSCURRENTS I: Social Media Marketing & Best Practices with Adam 12 of RadioBDC.

This seminar will cover the major social media platforms, best practices in utilizing them personally, and how to leverage them professionally. Adam 12 is currently the Production Director and Afternoon Host at Boston.com's RadioBDC. Prior to this role, he worked in terrestrial radio for 15 years and quickly learned the value of using social media to promote both himself and the brands he works with. Classrooms 1 & 2 | 10am., NESOP welcomed a number of prospective Professional Photography Program students to our November Open House.

If you were unable to attend, but would like information on our Professional Photography Program and a private tour of the school, contact us here: https://www.nesop.com/contact.asp, For Your Work Here: 2.0, the PRC invited photographers to cover the walls of the gallery with their own work during October / November 2014, culminating in this exhibition reception.

Show features work from more than a dozen NESOP students, alumni and faculty, and is open through December 20., ONE seat still available in this weekend's Lightroom Intensive Workshop with Sue Anne Hodges. This Saturday & Sunday, November 15 & 16, 10a - 5p. Tuition: $325. To register, please call (617) 437-1868 - first come, first served.

This intensive, information packed two-day workshop will immerse students into Adobe Lightroom and reveal how this powerful software is an essential tool for photographers, helping them to create an effective and efficient workflow. Prerequisite: This software-based class requires students to have comfort and proficiency with general computer skills., Elin Spring Photography reviews "Strange Days: The Uncanny, the Curious & the Quite Possibly Magical" at the Lamont Gallery at Phillips Exeter Academy featuring four area artists, including NESOP instructor Bill Franson.

Opening reception this Friday, Nov. 14, 5-7pm. Gallery Talk, Saturday, Nov. 15, 10am - check it out!, The Boston Globe's Mark Feeny reviews NESOP '94 alum Asia Kepka's show at Griffin Museum of Photography.

Open now through December 4, 67 Shore Road, Winchester, MA., OPEN HOUSE TOMORROW! If you're thinking about attending photography school, this is a great way to get started. Tour our facilities, learn about our program, meet our faculty, view demos, and more. 11a-2p | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. Located just one block from the Kenmore Square green-line stop.

Image ©Jeremy Fraga, '09., NESOP instructor Bill Franson is one of four artists included in the Phillips Exeter Academy Lamont Gallery exhibition Strange Days: The Uncanny, the Curious & the Quite Possibly Magical, open now through Dec. 13, 2014.

Visit the Opening Reception on Friday, Nov. 14, 5-7pm and the Gallery Talk, Saturday, Nov. 15, 10am., TONIGHT at SoWa First Fridays you can see work from NESOP '13 alum Greg Norstrom at Studio 308 - 5PM., TONIGHT: Opening Reception for The Photographic Resource Center's Your Work Here 2.0. 6-9PM,  832 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, MA. For details, visit: http://bit.ly/1mgQ5Vj, Opening November 11 at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions - Holiday Park: Photographs by Dana Rochell.

Show runs through December 19 | Opening Reception: Thursday November 20, 5-7pm., This Friday at SoWa First Fridays you can see work from NESOP '13 alum Greg Norstrom at Studio 308.

Friday, Nov. 7th, 5PM., If you're thinking about attending New England School of Photography, this Saturday is your chance to meet our faculty, tour our facilities, see equipment demonstrations, ask questions and meet other photography enthusiasts. 

November 8, 11a - 2p with tours beginning every 20 minutes. 
537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA., NESOP instructor Bill Franson is one of four artists included in the Phillips Exeter Academy Lamont Gallery exhibition Strange Days: The Uncanny, the Curious and Quite Possibly Magical, from Nov. 5 - Dec. 13, 2014.

"Franson turns his camera into a magical viewfinder, capturing the strangeness of the everyday. He takes photos while traveling and seeks out perplexing shadows, reflections, and odd moments in day-to-day life." Opening Reception: Friday, Nov. 14, 5-7pm
Gallery Talk: Saturday, Nov. 15, 10am., Thinking about coming to our Open House on November 8? Here's a video to give you a sneak peek of what to expect., Opening reception for NESOP '94 alum Asia Kepka's show at The Griffin Museum of Photography., Deadline for Yankee Magazine's 2014 'My New England' contest is November 1st - NESOP '13 alum Tim Bartlett, Photographer was the first place winner of last year's contest for his image, Marshall Street., A number of NESOP faculty, alumni and friends took part in the Fort Point Arts Community Open Studios last week., Are you or someone you know interested in pursuing a career in professional photography? Join us for an Open House on November 8th, 11a-2p, to tour our facilities, learn about our program, meet our faculty, view demos, and more.

Image ©Jeremy Fraga, '09., First year student Raj Das shares his photos from NESOPs Student & Alumni Photography Night at Fenway Park last month., TODAY: NESOP will be at Student Veteran Appreciation Day at UMass Lowell - current student veterans, as well as any veterans interested in furthering their education, are all encouraged to take advantage of this free event.

10a-5p, followed by networking social, 5:30-7p at Lowell Beer Works., See various works by NESOP '94 alum Asia Kepka tomorrow night at the Griffin Museum of Photography, 7PM., TONIGHT! (...and Saturday + Sunday.)

See the work of two talented NESOP instructors at Fort Point Open Studios.

KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY will be exhibiting his work through Sunday at 300 Summer Street, Boston, preview party, TONIGHT, 5-8PM.

Stephen Sheffield Photography will host his annual Open Studio through Sunday, 326 A Street, Boston., Congratulations to NESOP alums Alyssa Minahan '14, Aoife Shanahan '14, Yorgos Efthymiadis '13 and Eileen Clynes '12 - they've all been selected for the 2015 photolucida Portfolio Reviews taking place next April., Are you a student veteran, or a veteran looking to further your education? 

This Saturday, NESOP joins the Commonwealth of Massachusetts' Student Veteran Appreciation Day from 10a-5p at UMass Lowell, followed by a networking social from 5:30-7p at Lowell Beer Works. Visit the attached link for full details!, TONIGHT | 5P-7P | FREE: Opening Reception for The Asian Series: Photographs by Phyllis Crowley at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions., This Saturday at 7PM: Opening Reception for 1994 NESOP alum, Asia Kepka, at the Griffin Museum of Photography. , THIS THURSDAY | 5P-7P: Opening Reception for The Asian Series: Photographs by Phyllis Crowley at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions., THIS WEEKEND: See the work of two talented NESOP instructors at Fort Point Open Studios.

KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY will be exhibiting his work Friday through Sunday at 300 Summer Street, Boston, preview party, Friday, 5-8PM.

Stephen Sheffield Photography will host his annual Open Studio Friday through Sunday, 326 A Street, Boston., Earlier this week, NESOP instructor Keitaro Yoshioka invited 2013 alum, and current Photo Editor of Boston Magazine, Toan Trinh Photography to speak in his 'Launching Your Photography Business' workshop. 

Toan shared the intense experience he's had working as Boston Magazine's Photo Editor, he explained and broke down how editorial industries work, and spoke to students about how he finds photographers, and more. To see his work, visit: http://toantrinh.com/, Looking for some Halloween inspiration?

27-year-old Russian photographer, painter and digital artist Moppaa (Eugene Kuleshov) started his art career engraving portraits on gravestones, and says his interest in photography only began in 2012 after he surprised his girlfriend with a photograph and liked her reaction to it., Last week, we welcomed our new class of 2016, and welcomed back our returning class of 2015 students., In her latest blog entry for 'What Will You Remember?', Elin Spring Photography interviews 2014 NESOP graduate, Alyssa Minahan about her background, aesthetic, future, and how attending NESOP changed her image making style.

"These past two years at NESOP have completely changed my photographic style. Prior to enrolling in school, I took photos primarily of my children and my travels but I didn’t have a defined aesthetic. During my second year of school, I was given the freedom to shoot whatever I wanted and it was in that freedom (and under the supportive guidance of my professors) that I realized I was drawn to taking photographs of my daily life, whether it was spontaneous moments or more controlled portrait sessions with my children. I found that my most successful images were of very familiar places or people with whom I have a deep personal connection." , In celebration of their centennial, Leica Camera recreates 35 famous photographs from history, including Dorothea Lange’s ‘Migrant Mother’, Annie Leibovitz’s portrait of John Lennon and Yoko Ono, and Jeff Widener's ‘Unknown Rebel of Tiananmen Square’., NESOP Black & White Instructor Stephen Sheffield and '94 alum Asia Kepka were among panelists for Griffin Museum of Photography's Concept & Creativity Workshop last month. Each artist showed their work, discussed the ideas behind it, and the evolution of their creative process - followed by a Q & A session., 2013 alum Yorgos Efthymiadis is Gallery Kayafas' "Out of the Frame" artist of the month for October - you can see his work is on display in their Viewing Gallery. , There is still time to enroll in a weekend workshop. Take advantage of our 2-day intensive courses to gain more information in less time.

The Dirty Dozen: http://bit.ly/1E9qnYs  
12 Essential Truths About Light & Exposure
Instructor: Stephen Ostrowski
When: Saturday & Sunday, October 4 & 5
Time: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Tuition: $275
----------------------------------------------
Lightroom Intensive Weekend: http://bit.ly/1rIzjxt
Instructor: Sue Anne Hodges
When: Saturday & Sunday, November 15 & 16
Time: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Tuition: $325, The Asian Series | Photographs by Phyllis Crowley opens this Monday, October 6th and runs through Friday, November 7th at The Garner Center at NESOP. Opening Reception: Thursday, October 16th, 5pm – 7pm.

Learn more about this exhibition via the link below, and be sure to 'like' The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions on Facebook to receive updates on all of our photography exhibitions throughout the year., NESOP Alternative Process instructor Ron Cowie recently took part in "Collecting Photography" at MIT Museum. 

This event was presented in conjunction with the exhibition Daguerre's American Legacy: Photographic Portraits (1840-1900) from the Wm. B. Becker Collection in the Kurtz Gallery for Photography., 30 NESOP students and alums came out for Fenway Park's Photography Night 2014. Tours we're given of the whole park, and attendees were allowed on the field post-batting practice to get some shots of the players, coaches, and more., CALL FOR ENTRY: "REFLECTED" A juried exhibition at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery in Maynard. 

Open to all New England artists 18 years or older working in any 2D medium depicting the theme of REFLECTION. Entry Deadline: October 31. Non-refundable entrance fee of $35 for up to 3 submissions, $5 for each additional.  Guest Juror: Kristina Durocher, Executive Director and Curator of the Museum of Art - University of New Hampshire. , NESOP instructor Bill Franson's image "Pink, Yellow, Blue" is published in the books / words / music themed Autumn 2014 issue of SHOTS Magazine.

To order this issue, or view more images, visit: http://shotsmag.com/ci.htm, New York Post article about NESOP '86 alum Danny Clinch Photography's new book, 'Still Moving', out today (Abrams, $50.)

"Danny Clinch has been shooting some of the greatest names in music for decades. The Jersey Shore native has captured nearly a Hall of Fame’s worth of artists, including Pearl Jam, Beyoncé, Neil Young, James Brown, Bob Dylan, Radiohead and Nas." , The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP is now on Facebook - "like" it for information on upcoming exhibitions, featured artists, and gallery news., YOUR WORK HERE! [2.0] at the Photographic Resource Center:
Exhibition: September 19 – TBD, 11a - 4p
Reception:Thursday, November 6, 6p - 9p

Each Friday from Sept. 19 - November 6, the PRC invites everyone and anyone to cover the walls of their gallery (they can hang work for you.) This exhibition is version 2.0 of their extremely popular YOUR WORK HERE show. For full details, visit: http://bit.ly/1mgQ5Vj, NESOP '14 alum Alyssa Minahan guest blogs for Elin Spring Photography about the "Girls, Girls, Girls" show currently on display at StoneCrop Gallery, featuring work by four talented female artists - Lindsey Beal, Alicia Savage, Heidi Kirkpatrick, and fellow '14 NESOP alum, Corinne DiPietro., This Friday, Sept. 19 at 12PM, Skinner Auctions will offer a selection of photographs in their September 19th Fine Prints and Photographs auction to benefit the Photographic Resource Center, a small non-profit dedicated to supporting the advancement of the photographic arts. 

Among the offerings are limited edition prints made for the PRC by internationally recognized photographers, including Barbara Bosworth, Paul D’Amato, Frank Gohlke, Henry Horenstein, György Kepes, David Levinthal, Arno Minkkinen, John O’Reilly, Olivia Parker, Michael Stipe, and Ernest Withers. 
For info on a gallery preview this Thurs., visit: http://bit.ly/1qxMUt6 
To preview auction items online, visit: http://bit.ly/1DgkaJO. , NESOP's Fall 2014 Photography Workshops begin tonight, but there's still time for you to enroll in a number of classes beginning later this week/month!, SATURDAY | 4-6PM: Opening reception for 'Girls, Girls, Girls' at StoneCrop Gallery featuring the work of 4 talented female artists, Lindsey Beal, Heidi Kirkpatrick, Alicia Savage, and '14 NESOP alum Corrine DiPietro.

Show runs through 10/14. Visit the StoneCrop page for gallery hours and information., Opening reception this Saturday, Sept. 13, 6:00- 8:00PM for two of Rhode Island’s finest contemporary artists: NESOP instructor and fine art photographer, Ron Cowie Photo, and painter/mixed media artist, kevin gilmore art.

Jessica Hagen Fine Art + Design, 9A Bridge Street, Newport, RI., Opening reception this Friday, 9/12 at 5:30PM for Bradford Washburn: Vintage Photographs at Panopticon Gallery, sponsored by Panopticon Imaging.
-----ALSO-----
In The Private Room: Michael Donnor | Paper Truths - EXTENDED.
Featured Artist: Ivana Damien George | Glacial Waters. , Some updates from the Photographic Resource Center about the future of the PRC and how you can get involved as exhibiting artists, donors, volunteers, and more., "Photography has never been more integral to selling real estate. Statistics show that most home searches begin online and attractive photos play an important role in generating interest." - The Boston Globe , NESOP is offering all 2013 & 2014 Professional Photography Program Graduates a 20% discount on Blake Fitch's workshop: Breaking Into The Fine Art Photo World, running Monday evenings this fall beginning 10/6/14.

To register, please download the enrollment agreement here: http://bit.ly/1tMXSch. You can either mail or bring the enrollment agreement into the office. Online registration with discount is not available at this time., FREE PhotoShelter guides on selling Fine Art photography and selling prints., '05 alum Keiko Hiromi recently returned from covering the Ugandan LGBT community and their 3rd Annual Pride Parade, the first Pride Parade since the Ugandan government invalidated a controversial anti-gay law.
 
"A Ugandan LGBT activist said, "This is post-AHA pride. To me, this is important that we communicate to the rest of world that we are Ugandan, and we are still in Uganda.", NESOP is excited to be a part of the Boston Red Sox Photography Night at Fenway Park! Student / Alumni ticket includes: Q&A With Michael Ivins and Billie Weiss, the official Photographers of the Boston Red Sox. A tour of the park, including: on-field access to batting practice, Ted Williams Red Seat, Pavilion Box 10 (city skyline view), and the top of the Green Monster. Participants will be escorted to the bleachers / RF box seats to see the remainder of batting practice a half-hour before our gates open, and the game to follow!

TICKETS ARE LIMITED! Please Contact Eileen Clynes at 617.437.1868 or eclynes@nesop.com for ticket info., “Bruce Davidson / Paul Caponigro: Two American Photographers in Britain and Ireland” is a strange but memorable pairing. It joins the Magnum photojournalist Bruce Davidson, best known for his aggressive New York street and subway photography, to a spiritually minded landscape photographer in the mold of Ansel Adams and Minor White. And although its title suggests some shared expatriate experience, a split quickly develops." - The New York Times 

Exhibition runs through Sept. 14th at the Yale Center for British Art, New Haven, CT. Visit www.britishart.yale.edu for gallery hours., 'Girls, Girls, Girls' at StoneCrop Gallery features the work of 4 local and talented female artists, Lindsey Beal, Heidi Kirkpatrick, Alicia Savage, and '14 NESOP alum Corrine DiPietro.

Show opens tomorrow, 9/5 and runs through 10/14. 
Opening Reception: September 13, 4-6PM., Art of Studio with Bruno Debas is a 10-week course designed for people who wish to learn to use studio lighting and digital capture skills to create dynamic images. Commercial studio techniques will be the theme of the course which will offer ample opportunity for individual creativity. 

Tuesday evenings from 6-9PM beginning 9/16: http://bit.ly/PJgZ9n, Next Friday, September 12, 5:30 - 7:30PM:

Opening reception for Bradford Washburn: Vintage Photographs at Panopticon Gallery., Documentary photographer Michael Hintlian has been widely published, his work has been exhibited all over the world, and his book, Digging: The Workers of Boston’s Big Dig, has seen great success in the documentary world. NESOP has TWO opportunities for workshop students to learn from him this Fall.

The Documentary Project: http://bit.ly/1kXmr56
Urban Landscape: http://bit.ly/1hskwQN, This Fall, NESOP has two opportunities for students to take a workshop with award-winning editorial and fine art photographer, Bill Franson. Enroll by September 12th to receive discount.

The Holga Experience: http://bit.ly/holgawksp
Street Photography: http://bit.ly/strtphtgrphy, Whether you're just beginning to explore the world of portraiture, or you're looking to expand your knowlege, NESOP has a portraiture workshop that will define your skills, develop your personal style, and build your portraiture portfolio.

Portraiture I w/ Laura Pineda: http://bit.ly/1qbLgw0
Portraiture II w/ Kate Murphy: http://bit.ly/1pQZ6Ei, THIS WEEKEND!

The Mayor’s Office of Arts + Culture presents the 11th annual “ähts: The Boston Arts Festival,” showcasing diverse performing arts, educational and interactive art activities, cutting-edge temporary public art, and more than 45 juried local artists selling their work. , There is still space available in Keitaro's Intensive Digital Camera I [http://bit.ly/1jBoVkL] and Intensive Digital Camera II [http://bit.ly/1vqfSgn] workshops this fall - enroll by September 12 to receive tuition discount., NOTICE: NESOP will be closed on Monday, 09.01.14 for the Labor Day Holiday, and will resume normal business hours on Tuesday, 09.02.14., PhotoShelter has rounded up 16 foundations, non-profits and private companies who are willing to fund worthy photographers based on talent and project goals. Some offer grants for photojournalists who expose social injustices; others focus on editorial photographers who tell long-form stories, and more., This Fall, NESOP is offering two levels of Food Photography workshops with Chris Vaccaro Photography. Whether you're a beginner just being introduced to the world of food photography, or an advanced photographer skilled in studio lighting that wants to enter into the food photography market, we've got a class for you.

Intro to Food Photography: http://bit.ly/1pyvn2B
Advanced Food Photography: http://bit.ly/1hc6ArX, NESOP is offering all 2013 & 2014 Professional Photography Program Graduates a 20% discount on Blake Fitch's workshop: Breaking Into The Fine Art Photo World, running Monday evenings this fall beginning 10/6/14.

To register, please download the enrollment agreement here: http://bit.ly/1tMXSch. You can either mail or bring the enrollment agreement into the office. Online registration with discount is not available at this time. , Street Photography with Bill Franson brings students onto the streets of Boston to capture the pulse of this exciting city. Discussions will cover both the history and practice of street photography and telling the story you observe or choose to create from your surroundings.

Saturdays from 10a-1p beginning September 20th., 'Photographing People' with Dana Smith Photography is a 10-week workshop designed to help photographers enhance their skills when creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or out on the street. 

Tuesday evenings at 5:30PM beginning 9/23. Enroll by Sept. 12 to receive $30.00 off cost of class. http://bit.ly/VIVebO, LensProToGo.com regularly posts used gear for sale on their site, including: Canon 50L, Nikon D800 and D800E cameras, among other fun things. 

DSLR cameras come with a 3-year extended warranty and lenses come with a 2-year extended warranty. All gear comes with the original box / manual as well as battery, charger and strap for cameras., EMERGING PHOTOGRAPHERS: 'Launching Your Own Photography Business' with Keitaro Yoshioka is a workshop designed to help prepare students to launch their own photography businesses. 

Topics include: Understanding the market, creating a 5-year business plan, self-promotion / marketing, portfolio presentation, securing new clients, pricing, providing estimates, legal and tax issues, and more. Wednesday evenings at 6PM beginning 9/17., Coming to SoWa First Fridays on Sept 5th, NESOP '94 alum Asia Kepka's project, Horace and Agnes: A Love Story. 

Can't make it? You can also see this exhibition at the Griffin Museum of Photography in October - visit their page for full details. Sponsored by Panopticon Imaging, Rockland, MA., FREE: Gary Hughes & Clay Blackmore at PPANE/NEIPP Annual Conference | Nashua, NH | September 7th |  7AM - 5:30PM.

Gary Hughes, sponsored by WHCC, will present "Nerd Wars: Social Media & Beyond", giving you practical and easy to use solutions to help you increase business and profits. Canon Explorers of Light is sponsoring Clay Blackmore who is presenting "Pose it, Light it, Love it.," his new program for those who want to create great portraits. Learn more and register via the attached link., Whether you're looking to learn the fundamentals of black & white photography and explore the basic functions of the camera, or you're interested in exploring advanced negative and print making techniques, NESOP has a darkroom workshop for you. Enroll by 9/12/14 to receive discount rate.

Basic Darkroom with Nick Johnson: bit.ly/1m5t6W3
Advanced Darkroom with Nick Johnson: http://bit.ly/1m5tPq7, 2014 alum María Alejandra Mata is a featured artist in the current issue of The Middle Gray magazine.

Interviewed by '11 alum, TMG founder Catalina Piedrahita Photography, Mata opens up about being an artist away from home during tumultuous times, and about coping with helplessness. She also shared some insightful tips for international students coming to the US and dealing with cultural and language barriers., 'Fine Art Portfolio and Promotion' is an intensive critique-based workshop designed for artists with well-established projects who welcome the support of a positive, constructive environment to help complete or further a body of work. 

Group meets one Saturday / month from 10a-5p this fall. , THURSDAY EVENINGS THIS FALL: Advanced Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography. 

This workshop will give students the opportunity to start building a food portfolio with their own unique style. Open to previous students from Intro to Food Photography as well as advanced photographers skilled in studio lighting that want to enter into the food photography market., NESOP welcomed a number of prospective Professional Photography Program students to our August Open House., Elin Spring Photography reviews some current northern New England exhibitions, including "Girls of Summer" at StoneCrop Gallery featuring five NESOP '14 alums., FALL WORKSHOP: The Holga Experience with Bill Franson is a 10-week course open to anyone willing to embrace photographic possibilities with a plastic camera, shooting black & white film, with an interest to learn, or be re-introduced to the magic of the darkroom process.

Class meets Tuesday evenings beginning Sept. 16th., NEW WORKSHOP: 'Philosophy of Vision' with Michael Hintlian continues the inquiry begun in his Documentary Project and Urban Landscape workshops.

Designed for intermediate and advanced photographers, this workshop meets Wednesday evenings from 6-9PM beginning Sept. 17th. , NESOP alums Stephanie Larsen ('12) and Holly Rike ('13) demonstrate a fashion photo shoot for guests of our Open House., Our Fall Photography Workshops are now open for registration, including 2 new classes: 'Photography & Autobiography' and 'Philosophy of Vision'. 

Enroll by September 12th to receive our tuition discount!, TODAY! 

Open House: 11AM-2PM | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. Tours & demos begin every 20 minutes. Image ©Jeremy Fraga, '09., If you haven't had a chance to visit StoneCrop Gallery's 'Girls of Summer' exhibition featuring 5 female graduates of NESOP's Class of 2014, you can see some of what you're missing here on the StoneCrop blog.

Open through September 4, York, ME., THIS SATURDAY: NESOP Open House, tours & demos beginning every 20 minutes. RSVP to openhouse@nesop.com, or call 617.437.1868.

August 9th | 11A-2P | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA.
Image ©Jeremy Fraga, '09, Our Fall 2014 Photography Workshop schedule goes LIVE for registration tomorrow, August 8th. To view the classes being offered, please visit: http://bit.ly/1eWerO0

Image ©Corinne DiPietro '14., THIS THURSDAY: Photography from the Peter Urban Legacy Exhibit, including work from '13 alum, Yorgos Efthymiadis.

Come experience a photo presentation powered by PechaKucha, a fun and informal way to present creative work. This year’s Peter Urban Legacy 20th Annual Juried Exhibition photographers will share their work along with Paula Tognarelli, who will present the photographs of Peter Urban. Art, conversations, and networking., NESOP OPEN HOUSE THIS SATURDAY: Tours & demos beginning every 20 minutes. RSVP to openhouse@nesop.com, or call 617.437.1868.

August 9th | 11A-2P | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, MA.
[Image ©Jeremy Fraga, '09], Interested in pursuing a career as a professional photographer?

Visit our Open House on Saturday, August 9th, where you can tour our facilities, meet our staff / faculty, and have all of your questions answered. Guided tours every 20 minutes from 11a-2p. Classes begin in October - don't wait! , TOMORROW: Opening Reception for 'Girls of Summer' at StoneCrop Gallery featuring the work of five 2014 NESOP graduates: Alyssa Minahan, Aoife Shanahan, Cori DiPietro, Elizabeth Ireland, and Jenna Stebbins.

Reception: August 2nd, 4-6PM
Exhibition: Now through September 4th, NESOP '14 graduate PJ Couture recently had his work, 'Jesus is the Victory' selected for the Daniel Cooney Fine Art and iGavel Emerging Artist Auction., She Is Sure blogger Laura Knapp Photography '14 interviews Catalina Piedrahita Photography '11 about her creative venture, The Middle Gray.

Celebrating their one year anniversary this month, The Middle Gray is an arts organization that continuously promotes artists with its quarterly magazine, and will soon launch The MiddleGray Gallery/Café here in Boston, a physical space where patrons can eat, drink, view, and purchase work from local artists. , As a result of discussions with our students, graduates, faculty and industry professionals, NESOP introduces changes to the first-year curriculum of our Professional Photography Program, effective this Fall. 

Our new courses will also be offered to 2013, 2014, and 2015 graduates, free of charge, during the 2014-2015 and/or 2015-2016 academic years, pending space availability.

For more detailed information, and to review Year 1 course titles and descriptions, please visit our website., Interested in pursuing a career as a professional photographer?

Visit our Open House on Saturday, August 9th, where you can tour our facilities, meet our staff / faculty, and have all of your questions answered. Tours begin every 20 minutes from 11a-2p. , THIS SATURDAY - Opening Reception for 'Girls of Summer' at StoneCrop Gallery featuring the work of five 2014 NESOP graduates: Alyssa Minahan, Aoife Shanahan, Cori DiPietro, Elizabeth Ireland, and Jenna Stebbins. 

Reception: August 2nd, 4-6PM
Exhibition: Now through September 4th
Photo: 'Doesn't Remind Me'  ©Jenna Stebbins, Fall Workshops begin September 15, 2014. Visit www.NESOP.com on August 8th for a full schedule of courses offered.

Image ©Corinne DiPietro '14., '14 alum Liz Ireland is a semi-finalist in this year's Adobe Design Achievement Awards. 

The ADAAs celebrate student achievement reflecting the powerful convergence of technology and the creative arts. The competition - which showcases individual and group projects created with industry-leading Adobe creative software - honors the most talented and promising student graphic designers, photographers, illustrators, animators, digital filmmakers, game developers and computer artists from the world's top institutions of higher education. , Do you know a teenager who is interested in photography?

There is still space available in NESOP's Camp Photo August sessions. Camp Photo is a summer workshop for students aged 15-18 who want to experiment with their photographic visions., Opening reception for the 20th Annual Juried Show at the Griffin Museum of Photography., Still space available in Photoshop I: 2-day Intensive Overview with Sue Anne Hodges Photography on July 26 & 27, 10a-5p.

This two-day intensive weekend course is designed to provide students with a thorough overview of basic Photoshop tools and functions. This workshop is specifically designed for students who have a little Photoshop knowledge and need a refresher, or for the self-taught user who needs to fill in the gaps., THIS SATURDAY:

Artist Talk with Michael Donnor, he will discuss the work in his current solo exhibition at Panopticon Gallery, Paper Truths.

July 19 | 12 Noon | 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston , Researchers at MIT and Cornell University are developing small, light-equipped autonomous drones to help produce lighting effects for photographers.

"The hope is that the autonomous drone can produce a difficult lighting effect called 'rim lighting,' in which the edge of the photographer's subject is the only part of the subject that's strongly lit.", StoneCrop Gallery Presents GIRLS OF SUMMER featuring works from five 2014 NESOP graduates: Alyssa Minahan, Aoife Shanahan, Cori-DiPietro, Elizabeth Ireland and Jenna Stebbins. 

Exhibition Open: July 27th - September 4th 2014
Opening Reception; Saturday, August 2nd, 4:00-6:00PM, Call for Entries: 10th Annual Roslindale Open Studios, accepting submissions beginning today!, 2014 alum PJ Couture had 4 of his photos selected for the XY; Masculinity in Photography exhibition at Darkroom Gallery and he received an honorable mention for his image, Subway Portrait I.

Exhibit Opens: July 17th, 2014
Artists' Reception: August 8th, 2014, 5-7PM , Next Saturday, Panopticon Gallery hosts an intimate artist talk with Michael Donnor where he will discuss the work in his current solo exhibition, Paper Truths.

Saturday, July 19 | 12 Noon | 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston , '13 alums Greg Norstrom and Tim Bartlett will be displaying some of their black & white work at SoWa First Fridays this Friday, 5-9PM.

450 Harrison Avenue, Boston | Studio 308 | Free, Opening reception this Thursday, July 10 at 7PM for the Griffin Museum of Photography's 20th Annual Juried Exhibition featuring work from 60 area artists, including NESOP alums Asia Kepka ('94), Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13).

Exhibition dates: July 10 - August 31, 2014., In case you missed it: '13 graduate Theresa Tuite was StoneCrop Gallery's Cell Phone Exhibition featured Photographer of the Day, Thursday, July 3rd.

"When all of the elements of a moment are just so, I think the cell phone captures them in a way where we are not as removed as if I had used a "real camera."" - Theresa Tuite  , '09 alum Ioanna Tourkantonis' work 'Geometrical Reflections' is featured in artscope magazine's review of the 2014 Somerville Toy Camera Fest which just wrapped up last week. , Due to Boston's 4th of July celebration being moved to July 3rd, NESOP will be closing tomorrow (Thursday) at 1 pm and will remain closed through the 4th. Workshops are cancelled. We'll reopen on Saturday as per our normal schedule., Retirement send off for Dean Marty Hassell., Congratulations to 2014 graduate Alyssa Minahan, she received an Honorable Mention for this year's LENSCRATCH Student Photography Juried Exhibition for her series, 'Once Seen'.

You can also find Alyssa's work currently featured in F-Stop Magazine, and beginning July 1, at PhotoPlace Gallery, Vermont. , A big thank you to Dean Martha Hassell, who, after 33 years, officially retires today. To say that Marty will be missed at NESOP is a huge understatement, but we take comfort in knowing that she won't be a stranger. 

Please join us in thanking Marty for all she has done for NESOP, and in wishing her the best in her well-deserved retirement., Ian Parry Scholarship: Opportunity for a full-time photography student, or emerging photographer under the age of 24. 
Deadline: July 7, 2014.

"Widely recognized as one of the most important awards available for aspiring documentary photographers and visual journalists, the scholarship was initiated by renowned photo editor Aidan Sullivan, currently vice president of photo assignments for Getty Images, UK, in memory of his colleague Ian Parry, a young photojournalist killed while on assignment for the Sunday Times during the 1989 Romanian Revolution.", The Graduating Class of 2014 Sourcebook is now available for download, online viewing, and purchase. See select portfolio works from each of the 40 graduates all in one book. 

Apple iBooks (free) must be installed. Download link: http://bit.ly/1pB7MLT. Purchase link: http://blur.by/1xPJrI6.

Image ©Nick DiNatale '14., NESOP workshop student Michaela O'Brien has spent the last 3 years creating In Crystal Skin, an intimate documentary set in Bogotá, Colombia which explores the lives of four individuals challenged by Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB), a rare and debilitating skin disease which currently has no cure.

O’Brien first visited a Colombian orphanage in 2011 as a documentary photographer, it was here that she met Nixa and her older sister Nury, both of whom were born with EB and continue to struggle with this disease. Follow the link for more information, and to view the official trailer.  , In her latest She Is Sure article, Laura Knapp ('14) interviews fellow 2014 alum, Sierra Marin, about her project 'The Undressed Mind' - a series of photographs based on her own fears and phobias.

, Prior to graduation, 2nd year students were given the opportunity to present their portfolios to a panel of esteemed members of the New England photography community, including: David Binder, Photojournalist, Roberto Mighty, Filmmaker and Fine Art Photographer, Dana Berenson, Owner of StoneCrop Gallery, Tanya Mathis, Director of Art Buying for Fidelity Communications & Advertising, Toan Trinh, ('12) Photo Editor of Boston Magazine, Bob Packert, Owner of Bob Packert Photography, Kristin Tieg,  Owner of Kristin Tieg Photography, Lynne Damianos,  Owner of Damianos Photography, Paula Tognarelli, Executive Director of Griffin Museum., Still space available in both Basic and Advanced Darkroom workshops with Nick Johnson - check out this video of Nick at work, and then enroll via the links below.

Basic Darkroom: http://bit.ly/1m5t6W3
Advanced Darkroom: http://bit.ly/1m5tPq7, We have a number of opportunities for you to take Intensive Digital Camera I & II workshops this summer, including weekday classes with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY and Saturday classes with FranOsbornBlaschke p h o t o g r a p h y - Register by the end of the day today to receive the discounted rate!, THIS SUNDAY | 3 - 4:30PM: Join artists Bill Franson, James Rohan, Meg Birnbaum, and Elizabeth Ellenwood at the Somerville Toy Camera Fest as they talk about the appeal of working with inexpensive plastic cameras and lenses, how they decide to use toy cameras for particular projects, and more.

(Interested in hearing the photographic wisdom of Bill Franson but can't make this event? Check out his weekend Street Photography workshop beginning June 28: http://bit.ly/1lCVYuy) , Elin Spring Photography reviews Abstract [Photo] Expressionists at Panopticon Gallery, including work by Ioanna Tourkantonis '09.

See Ioanna's work, and work from Keith Johnson, Elizabeth Ellenwood, Alexander Harding, Jerry Reed, Paul Wainwright, Andrea Stone, Suzette Bross, and Louis Henri Pingitore in the Main Gallery, and the work of Michael Donnor, in the Private Room, now through September 9th. , Photos frpm NESOP's 2014 Commencement Ceremony, June 13, 2014., Photographing People with Dana Smith Photography is a 10-week workshop designed to help photographers enhance their skills in creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or out on the street. Students will learn how to make compelling editorial images in any kind of situation, dealing with subjects of all shapes, sizes, occupations, and personalities. Register by Friday to receive discount: http://bit.ly/PhtogrphgPpl - Image ©Anna Olivella, '14., There is still space available in our Art of Studio summer workshop with Bruno Debas. 

Bruno Debas’ students are creating images like this one by recent graduate, Gregory Perko ('14). If you want to explore studio lighting and master your already well-developed capture techniques, Art of Studio is the place to start: http://bit.ly/PJgZ9n, Darkroom over Digital: Beta Boston article about the continued popularity of film photography among area students., Introducing The New England School of Photography Class of 2014 Graduates.

Stay tuned to see full album of photos from Commencement later this week., This is the final week to receive the Early Tuition Discount on our Summer Workshops - enroll by Friday, June 20th to take advantage of this opportunity!, OPENING TOMORROW: Class of 2014 Graduate Exhibition. View select portfolio images from each graduate at The Garner Center Gallery. Reception from 3-5PM, and immediately following Commencement. 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. Image ©Lyn Freeman '14., Submission deadline for Boston Center for the Arts 2014-2015 Artist Residency Program is July 7, 2014.

The BCA's Artist Residency Program provides a platform and support for the development of new work, while offering artists unique opportunities to connect and collaborate with their community., Jeremy Fraga ('09) shot the cover of DigBoston's World Cup issue featuring Lee Nguyen of the New England Revolution. Check it out, available online / on newsstands now!, NEW! Platinum Printing with Ron Cowie Photo is a hands-on weekend (6/28-6/29) exploration of arguably the most beautiful process for photographic reproduction ever invented.  

Students will work with vintage and digital negatives, learn the history of the process and the wide variation of methods used for successful platinum printing., For her second She Is Sure interview, '14 NESOP graduate, Laura Knapp, speaks with fellow graduate, Corinne DiPietro.

"Cori DiPietro’s project entitled “Food Noir” is an exploration of fine art self portraiture, witty advertising, classic horror film techniques, and creative imaging through photoshop.", Images from the Class of 2014's Final Portfolio Reviews., OPENING FRIDAY | 5:30PM | Panopticon Gallery

Abstract [Photo] Expressionists featuring a number of area artists and NESOP friends, including '09 alum Ioanna Tourkantonis: http://bit.ly/1n1Zfjx

Image ©Ioanna Tourkantonis, On Tuesday, June 10, NESOP's soon-to-be graduates will be given the opportunity to have their portfolios reviewed by 10 of New England's most prominent photographers, curators, editors, and gallery owners for Industry Networking Day, 2014:

- David Binder, Photojournalist 
- Roberto Mighty, Filmmaker and Fine Art Photographer
- Dana Berenson, Owner of StoneCrop Gallery
- Tanya Mathis, Director of Art Buying for Fidelity Communications 
- Steve Pugliese, Head of Photography at KARMALOOP.com
- Toan Trinh, Photo Editor of Boston Magazine
- Bob Packert, Owner of PACKERT PHOTOGRAPHY
- Kristin Tieg,  Owner of Kristin Teig Photography
- Lynne Damianos,  Owner of Damianos Photography
- Paula Tognarelli, Executive Director of Griffin Museum of Photography, Given cameras for a year under the guidance of '11 NESOP alum Brenda Bancel, founder of TAKE 5, six Epiphany School students explored photography on their own terms, producing a body of work that tells their stories through their own eyes. Curated by NESOP instructor Michael Hintlian and his Documentary students., Everything you ever wanted to know about the Somerville Toy Camera Fest events / dates / locations, all wrapped up into one handy little map!, Opening Reception | June 13 | 5:30PM

Abstract [Photo] Expressionists at Panopticon Gallery featuring work from '09 alum Ioanna Tourkantonis, as well as: Keith Johnson, Elizabeth Ellenwood, Alexander Harding, Jerry Reed, Paul Wainwright, Andrea Stone, Suzette Bross, and Louis Henri Pingitore., A Letter From NESOP Dean of Students, Martha Hassell:

Dear NESOP Family,

I am writing to let you know that I will be retiring from the NESOP administration and as Dean of Students.  My last day will be Thurs. June 26, 2014.  I will continue to be involved in the History of Photography program and will become the newest member of NESOP’s Program Advisory Committee.  You’re not totally rid of me yet! ☺

More importantly this is a thank you note to you all.  Little did I know I was entering my life’s work when I first walked up those stairs on December 1, 1980.  I could not be happier that that became the case.  I found a place that was ethical and caring and engaged in fascinating and rewarding work.  

I fell in love with NESOP and all of you.  I am so grateful to you for teaching me so much about intelligence, creativity, caring, enthusiasm, depth of character, and passion for the work one is given to do in life.  I have learned from each one of you and been the recipient of endless kindness from the people I have worked with and the people I have worked for...the students.

My hope for all of you is that you will find or have already found a life’s work that has been as rewarding as mine has been.

Thank you for everything,

Marty Hassell
Image ©Connor Sumner, '12, The winners of StoneCrop Gallery's 3rd Annual Juried Cell Phone Photography Exhibition, 'Shoot & Tell', have been announced - included among them are several NESOP alumni, faculty, full-time and workshop students, as well as many friends of the school.

Opening reception is June 14, 4-6PM at the gallery, show runs through July 28. Prints of the winning images are available for purchase via the attached link., REGISTRATION FOR SUMMER PHOTOGRAPHY WORKSHOPS IS NOW OPEN! 

Enroll by June 20 to receive early tuition discount., Photography only Kingman Gallery opens in Deer Isle, ME.

Owned by Anne Kingman Page, the gallery will be open from 10am - 5pm, Tuesday-Saturday from Memorial Day through Columbus Day, and will feature new works from time to time., Instagram Develops Into Career Path For Photographers: “With social media there’s no art director involved. We get 100% creative control because the brands are coming to us for our style. They pay money and say, ‘I want your vision.’ That’s every artist’s dream.”, COMING UP: June 22 | 3 - 4:30PM

Panel discussion at the Somerville Toy Camera Fest featuring NESOP instructor Bill Franson, as well as other area artists, Jim Rohan, Liz Ellenwood and Meg Birnbaum. , SUMMER WORKSHOP REGISTRATION BEGINS MONDAY! But you can take a sneak peek at the classes being offered, today:  http://bit.ly/1eWerO0, Congratulations to NESOP alums Asia Kepka ('94), Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), they are among the artists selected for the Griffin Museum of Photography's 20th Annual Juried Exhibition.

Opening reception: July 10, 7PM
Exhibition dates: July 10 - August 31, 2014, THURSDAY NIGHT |  6-8PM: Opening reception for TAKE 5's 'Kinda, Sorta Independent' exhibition at the Photographic Resource Center. Curated by Michael Hintlian and his Documentary students, this show runs through May 31st.

Elin Spring Photography reviews the work by this talented group of Epiphany School girls for her photography blog 'What Will You Remember?' and interviews TAKE 5 founder, Brenda Bancel ('11), about the mission of her organization., "These days, it’s hard to find black-and-white photographic film, much less the self-developing kind made famous decades ago by Polaroid Corp., but now, backed by more than $400K in donations raised on Kickstarter, Ashland entrepreneur Robert Crowley plans to start making a Polaroid-type black-and-white film by early next year.", 2nd year student Laura Knapp interviews fellow Fine Art photography classmate Elizabeth Ireland for her new blog "She is Sure." , Take a sneak peek at our workshop schedule for Summer 2014. Registration begins June 2nd ---> http://bit.ly/1eWerO0, Congratulations to 2nd year student Aoife Shanahan, five of her images were selected by juror Peter Liepke for A Smith Gallery's upcoming exhibition, 'downtown'.

Exhibition | June 20–July 27, 2014
Reception | June 28 and July 26, 4-7p, First year students had the opportunity to meet with faculty and learn about the majors / minors available to them as they prepare to enter their 2nd year., COMING UP: 'Kinda, Sorta, Independent' at the Photographic Resource Center.

Given cameras for a year under the guidance of '11 NESOP alum Brenda Bancel, founder of TAKE 5, six Epiphany School students explored photography on their own terms, producing a body of work that tells their stories through their own eyes. Curated by NESOP instructor Michael Hintlian and his Documentary students.

May 27-31st, 2014 | Opening Reception: May 29th 6-8PM , Each month, we're digging into the NESOP archives to bring you student portfolio images from the past 4 decades. This album contains images from students who graduated in 1994. Feel free to tag your work, THIS SATURDAY | 2PM:

NESOP Black & White instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography opens his studio for an afternoon, allowing visitors to see where he creates his photographs, mixed media pieces and large scale commissions. 

326 A Street, Studio 3a, Boston - hosted by Panopticon Gallery., Join artists Bill Franson, James Rohan, Meg Birnbaum, and Elizabeth Ellenwood on Saturday, June 22nd as they talk about the appeal of working with toy cameras and lenses, how they decide to use them for particular projects, the pleasures / perils of limited exposure controls, and more.

This panel discussion is part of the Somerville Toy Camera Fest., TOMORROW | MAY 15 | 6PM 

Opening reception for 'Beyond the Visible Spectrum' and gallery talk on infrared photography with Laurie J. Klein at the Griffin Museum of Photography by Digital Silver Imaging in Belmont, MA., THIS SUNDAY | MAY 18 | LADIES TEA II | 1-3PM

Ladies: Come listen to some female NESOP students as they speak about their work currently displayed at  Panopticon Gallery. Hosted by Anne DeVito - please RSVP to her at: anne@panopticongallery.com., Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13) is the featured artist for today's PDN Photo of the Day.

"I just wanted to break the rules and create an environment where the viewers expect to see something familiar but they’re caught by surprise; to create an ‘awkward’ moment when they feel uncertain of what’s going on in the frame.” - Yorgos Efthymiadis on his series, "Awkward", '07 NESOP alums Ben Wight and Tara Morris of Hitched Studios are featured in the current issue of Boston Magazine where they discuss the wedding photography business, rainy portrait sessions, camera-shy bridesmaids, and getting emotional on the big day., Portfolio consultant and life/career coach Elaine Totten Davis and photographer/curator/instructor Blake Fitch spoke to 2nd year students last week at Crosscurrents III: Portfolios in 2014., NESOP 2014 Summer Workshops begin June 23rd.

Full schedule of classes will be available on our website on June 2, 2014: www.nesop.com/workshops. Image ©Holly Rike, '13., CALL FOR ENTRY: Still a few days to submit your images to the third annual Cell Phone Photography Show at StoneCrop Gallery.

"Our cell phone photography shows have more or less only celebrated this new form of the medium, but this year we are asking WHY - we want to know what drives you to make cell phone images and why." - StoneCrop Gallery , TOMORROW: Opening reception for 'Inside and Out' at the Nave Gallery Annex in Somerville.

This exhibition explores the two sides to domesticity through voyeurism and intimacy. Alberto D’Agostino’s walks capture the everyday of suburban life, while Nick Schietromo delves into the personal aspects of relationships to home and self. , Opening later this month: 'Kinda, Sorta, Independent' at the Photographic Resource Center.

See the world through the creative eyes of six middle school children. Given cameras for a year under the guidance of professional photographer and '11 NESOP alum Brenda Bancel, these Epiphany School students explored the medium on their own terms, producing a body of work that tells their stories through their own eyes. Curated by NESOP instructor Michael Hintlian and his Documentary students. 

May 27-31st, 2014 | Opening Reception: May 29th 6-8PM , Photographer and arts writer Elin Spring Photography features a number of NESOP students and their work in the latest post on her blog, "What Will You Remember?"., Panopticon Gallery has a number of events coming up this month and next featuring NESOP students, faculty, and alumni - check out their latest newsletter for details. [Photo ©Bill Franson], INTERNATIONAL STUDENT DAY: If you're interested in attending NESOP but aren't able to visit the school because of distance, CollegeWeekLive will allow you to speak with our Admissions Department and have all of your questions answered on-line.

Join us this Weds., May 6th, from 4-7PM [EST] for a live chat session - there will also be presentations throughout the day on topics including: obtaining a student visa, making the most of your time in the U.S., and more., If you're at the Harvard Square MayFair today, be sure to stop by the NESOP booth on Brattle St. and have your photo taken! 

12-6PM | TODAY, NESOP alums Asia Kepka '94 and Yorgos Efthymiadis '13 each had work selected for inclusion in the 3rd Annual Photoville THE FENCE exhibition.

THE FENCE is an annual summer-long, outdoor photographic exhibition, which invites photographers from around the world to explore and define the meaning of community across cultural boundaries and geographical lines. Opening tomorrow, May 2, at the Rose F. Kennedy Greenway, Boston. , NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield each speak about their work that is currently exhibited in W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y at Panopticon Gallery. Open through June 9th, 2014., Eileen Clynes Photography ('12) is Colortek of Boston's Featured Artist of the Month for May, 2014.

You can hear Eileen talk about her work next Tuesday, May 6th, when she will be the guest speaker for the AS220 Media Arts artist lecture series. For more information on this event, visit: http://on.fb.me/1lDbkx9, NESOP '11 alum Catalina Piedrahita Photography and her husband Alvaro Morales are interviewed in this El Planeta article about their magazine, The Middle Gray.

"It is for love of art and the artist that Catalina Piedrahita and Alvaro Morales began Middle Gray Magazine; like so many other creative and enterprising souls in their respective eras, each adapting to the environment and their realities.", Flash Forward Festival exhibition '[Photo]gogues: New England (Part 2)' features cutting edge personal work of twelve area photography faculty members, including NESOP's  own Ron Cowie Photo and workshop instructor, Ashley McDowell. 

Curated by the Griffin Museum of Photography, this show is open May 1-5, 10A-10P at the Lafayette City Center, Boston. , Congrats to NESOP 2nd year student Anna Olivella - she took home 3 awards from this year's Boston Press Photographers Association (BPPA) College Contest: Picture Story - 3rd Place, Portrait - 3rd Place, Feature - Honorable Mention. , THIS THURSDAY: Opening Reception for Fall Back, Spring Forward at The Magenta Foundation's 2014 Flash Forward Festival.

Curated by the Photographic Resource Center's Francine Weiss, this exhibition features work by 10 area artists, including NESOP '06 alum Amy Giese. May 1 | 6-9PM | 832 Commonwealth Ave., THIS WEDNESDAY:

NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield speak about their respective work in the current Panopticon Gallery exhibition, W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y.

April 30th | 6-7PM | 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston., NESOP Admissions will be at the Boston College Fair taking place at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center this Thursday, May 1st from 9a-Noon, and 6-8p, and then again on Friday, May 2nd from 9a-Noon.

Stop by our booth and learn all about our professional program., NESOP '12 alum Alexa Torre is featured the Spring 2014 issue of The Unexposed (Magazine) for her series 'Mexican Utopia' - her image was also selected for the cover of this 'Transition' themed issue - check it out!, Artweek Boston kicks off this Friday, April 25! Check attached link for full schedule of events., PolicyMic reviews '08 alum Caleb Cole's  Other Peoples' Clothes' series.

"The photographs are quietly intimate, as if we are stumbling accidentally into these peoples' lives.", Check out the full schedule of events for The Magenta Foundation's Annual Flash Forward Festival, including: 

- Friday, 4/25: Undergraduate Photography Now (Pt. II) features the work of New England's best student photographers, including NESOP 2nd year students, Alyssa Minahan & Nick DiNatale.

-Thursday, 5/1: Fall Back, Spring Forward is a group exhibition curated by Francine Weiss that showcases the work of ten New England-based photographers, including NESOP '06 alum and former instructor, Amy Giese. , NESOP '93 alum Sean Murphy shares behind the scenes footage from his making of 47 Brand's 2014 MLB campaign: 'Let Your You Out'., WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30th:

Hear NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield speak about their respective work in the current Panopticon Gallery exhibition, W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y. 

April 30th | 6-7PM | 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston., NESOP is excited to host the Cambridge Science Festival event: 'High Voltage Analog Photography' this weekend. 

Participants of this event will receive a single 5x7 piece of photo paper to create a paper negative by exposing organic or metallic objects using high voltage electricity. , Undergraduate Photography Now (Part II) is part of  The Magenta Foundation's Flash Forward Festival and features the work of New England's best student photographers, including NESOP 2nd year students, Alyssa Minahan and Nick DiNatale.

Opening reception: April 25th, 6-8PM | 530 Harrison Ave., Boston., NESOP instructors Blake Fitch and Michael Hintlian have lent their time and talent to Proof: Media for Social Justice | 'The Legacy of Rape', a project giving voice to those who have survived rape in conflict zones, enhancing awareness and inspiring action within the international community.  

You can support PROOF's human rights education and visual projects around the world and further its Legacy of Rape initiative in India, Nepal and Colombia by bidding for your favorite photos online, here--->http://bit.ly/1gwLuJd, Interested in learning more about attending NESOP? Visit our Virtual College Fair booth this Thursday and have all of your questions answered from the comfort of your own living room.

Thursday, April 17 | 10A - 10P EST, Deadline to enroll in the 6th Annual Architectural Photography Workshop in New York City with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY is Monday, April 24, 2014 at 1pm.

Full time students, workshop students, and photo enthusiasts are all welcome to attend. To register, visit: http://bit.ly/1p3VtM4 Photo: ©Oran Khanyalucksakun '13, NESOP '13 alum Daniela Goncalves produced this high-speed video of the NESOP Black and White Photography, 2014 exhibition being installed at Panopticon Gallery.

Show is open through June 9th. Visit the gallery 9A-3P, Tuesday-Saturday., Elin Spring Photography reviews 'The Three Amigos: Fred Sway, John Rizzo and Neal Rantoul' open now at the Garner Center Gallery.

Check back for photos from Saturday's Opening Reception coming later this week!, TOMORROW:

Opening Reception for 'The Three Amigos: John Rizzo, Fred Sway and Neal Rantoul' at the Garner Center Gallery. 3:30-5:30pm, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. , NESOP '13 alum Tim Bartlett, Photographer was the first place winner of the 2013 Yankee Magazine 'My New England' Photo Contest for his image 'Marshall Street'. Winners will appear in their March/April 2015 issue.

To see more of his work, visit: www.timbartlettphoto.com, THIS SATURDAY: Opening Reception for 'The Three Amigos: John Rizzo, Fred Sway, and Neal Rantoul' at The Garner Center Gallery, 3:30-5:30pm.

Neal Rantoul, a former NESOP instructor, Fred Sway, NESOP's director for many years, and John Rizzo, a NESOP alum, reunite for an exhibition here at NESOP - a place that played a significant part in each of their careers. , Deadline to submit to the Danforth Art juried exhibitions is THIS FRIDAY, April 11th.

The Annual Juried Exhibitions are comprised of two concurrent juried shows: Off the Wall and Community of Artists, celebrating the artistic talents of Museum members and showcasing an exciting cross section of creative work featuring both emerging and established artists., THIS FRIDAY | APRIL 11: Somerville Open Studios Artists' Choice Exhibition Opening Reception from 7-9PM, including work by NESOP '09 alum Ioanna Tourkantonis.

"The Artists' Choice Exhibit offers the best opportunity to preview the studios and artists' work. All SOS participating artists are invited to submit work, creating a group show that is unparalleled in diversity and excitement." - Somerville Open Studios  , Deadline for Nave Gallery's Somerville Toy Camera Festival has been extended to April 22nd.

The festival will take place June 2014 across five locations in Somerville, MA, and Panopticon Imaging in Rockland, MA have offered a 15% discount off printing, mounting and framing services to all STCF artists., THIS SATURDAY | APRIL 12: Opening Reception for 'Color, Edge, Grit & Style' presented by SM Galleries | Coney Island USA featuring work by nine artists, including NESOP '12 alum Eileen Clynes.

"Exceptional Holiness is a modern take on traditional Catholic Saint cards, drawing inspiration from tchotchke style religious art such as hologram last suppers and light-up Virgin Marys’. I approach this work using a similar style where saints and holiness are portrayed, but also adding elements of political and social issues to explore what modern holiness might look like." - Clynes' Artist Statement, Photos from Holding My Ground: An Afternoon with Arno Rafael Minkkinen presented Sunday, April 6, 2014 by New England School of Photography, Photographic Resource Center and the Photographic Historical Society of New England., Mark Feeney, arts reporter for The Boston Globe reviews W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y at Panopticon Gallery featuring work by NESOP faculty / administration / alumni [Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Samuel Quinn '09, Randall Armor] and the NESOP Black and White Photography, 2014 exhibition featuring Stephen Sheffield's students [Aoife Shanahan, Alyssa Minahan, Cori DiPietro, Jenna Stebbins, Elizabeth Ireland, Rebecca Middleton, Alliy McNeil, Tricia Collier, Jacqueline Sullivan, Greg Norstrom '13, Tim Bartlett '13] open NOW through June 9th - go check it out!, We're excited to be a part of Harvard Square's 31st Annual MayFair next month!

Sunday, May 4, 12-6PM, Harvard Sq., Cambridge. If you're at the event, be sure to stop by our booth and say hello. , Forbes article on some of the best food photography on Instagram. 

If food photography is a passion of yours, sign up for our Advanced Food Photography workshop beginning tomorrow night with Chris Vaccaro Photography and maybe you'll make the list next year! http://bitly.com/1gtkAhq , Each month, we're digging into the NESOP archives to bring you student portfolio images from the past 4 decades. This album contains images from students who graduated in 1983. Feel free to tag your work., Although many of our workshops have already begun their run this week, there is still time to get in on a class if you register prior to the start of the second class. 

For a schedule of remaining classes, please visit: http://bit.ly/1eWerO0 Image: ©Molly Burns '13, Call for Entry: StoneCrop Gallery's 3rd Annual Juried Cell Phone Photography Exhibition.

Deadline to submit is May 16, 11:59PM EST. Submission limit is 5 images. All images must be created on a cell phone., Twenty images from '11 alum John Benford Photography's series 'Grounding: Small New England Farms' have been acquired for permanent display by The Farm at Eastman's Corner, Kensington, NH. 

An Artist’s Reception will be held on Thursday, April 24, 5:30 - 7:00pm, in honor of the exhibit. The reception will feature a brief gallery talk by Benford and a local wine and cheese tasting with wine from Jewell Towne Vineyards, and cheese from Wolf Meadow Farm. Small matted prints and (new!) greeting cards will also be available for sale., COMING UP:

'Three Amigos: John Rizzo, Fred Sway, and Neal Rantoul' opens at The Garner Center Gallery Monday, April 7. Opening Reception: Saturday, April 12, 3:30-5:30pm. , 'Letting My Guard Down': NESOP alum Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13) was recently featured on LensCulture.

"These images are a mirror of myself, not a window to the world outside. These solitary subjects are nothing but self-portraits, scattered glimmers of my soul; a wry representation of the weight that I carry, the anchor that holds me down.", Advanced Digital Printing with Sue Anne Hodges Photography builds upon the technical abilities of the digital darkroom and the critical eye for color and tone that students began developing in the Digital Printing workshop.

Runs Thursday evenings for 10 weeks, beginning April 3rd., THIS SUNDAY! 
Holding My Ground: An Afternoon with Arno Rafael Minkkinen presented by New England School of Photography, Photographic Resource Center and the Photographic Historical Society of New England.
_________

Sunday, April 6, 2014 | 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm | Morse Auditorium at Boston University | 602 Commonwealth Avenue, Metro Boston
(Image: ©Arno Minkkinen, Grand Canyon, Arizona, 1995), A big THANK YOU to all 10,000 of our followers here on Facebook - we truly appreciate your continued support. THANKS!, Advanced Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography will include discussions on building a supporting team of stylists and assistants, along with ways to market your work, preparing students to enter the market as a food photographer. 

Runs Friday evenings for 10 weeks, beginning April 4th., Join photographers Michael Hintlian and Neal Rantoul for an intensive 5-day landscape photography workshop in the Palouse, July 6-12, 2014., The 6th Annual Architectural Photography Workshop in New York City with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY will be held Friday April 25-27, 2014.

Full time students, workshop students, and photo enthusiasts are all welcome to attend. If you're interested and would like more information, contact Keitaro at: yoshiokafoto@gmail.com by April 3rd. , Deadline for submissions to Griffin Museum of Photography's 20th Annual Juried Exhibition is Monday, March 31. 

AWARDS: $2,500 Peter Urban Legacy Award, $1,000 Arthur Griffin Legacy Award, $500 Griffin Award, and Honorable Mentions., Tomorrow is your LAST CHANCE to take advantage of our ***Early Tuition Discount Rate*** for Spring 2014 Workshops! , Congratulations to NESOP 2nd year students Alyssa Minahan and Nick DiNatale, they each had work selected for the Flash Forward Festival's  student exhibition Undergraduate Photography Now: Part II. 

This is a showcase of New England’s most talented student photographers, juried & curated by Jonathan Gitelson and Greer Muldowney. , Neal Rantoul, a former NESOP instructor, Fred Sway, NESOP's director for many years, and John Rizzo, a NESOP alum, reunite for an exhibition here at NESOP - a place that played a significant part in each of their careers.

'Three Amigos: John Rizzo, Fred Sway, and Neal Rantoul' opens at The Garner Center Gallery Monday, April 7. Opening Reception: Saturday, April 12, 3:30-5:30pm., Basic Darkroom with Nick Johnson runs Wednesday evenings this spring - check out this video for more information, then visit www.nesop.com/workshops.asp to enroll by Friday for the early tuition discount., Elin Spring Photography reviews Stephen Sheffield's Black & White photography students, class of 2014 exhibition at Panopticon Gallery.

Exhibition open now through June 9 - go see it for yourself!, Photo by 2013 alum Yorgos Efthymiadis - contest by Panopticon Imaging in Rockland, MA.

Starting at noon today, like Panopticon Imaging's page, then post your image for a chance to win a free 11x14" print. See full post for details., Call for Entry: Somerville Toy Camera Fest - deadline, April 15, 2014. 

Accepting images of any subject matter that were made with a "toy" camera – any low-end, low-tech, limited-control camera such as pinhole, Holga, Diana and other Lomo products, as well as Brownies and Anscos. Images made from Polaroid-type film backs attached to Holgas are welcome. Images made from a DSLR or SLR with a pinhole or Holga lens will be accepted., Still a few days to take advantage of our Early Tuition Workshop Discount - register by Friday 3/28!

Some of the courses offered this spring:
-------------------------------------------
Advanced Digital Printing with Sue Anne Hodges: http://bit.ly/AdvDigPrt
Photoshop in the Digital Studio with Adam Krauth: http://bit.ly/phtoshpDS
Urban Landscape with Michael Hintlian: http://bit.ly/UrbLndsc, COMING UP:

NESOP is proud to co-sponsor 'Holding My Ground: An Afternoon with Arno Rafael Minkkinen' along with the Photographic Resource Center and the Photographic Historical Society of New England.

April 6, 2014 | 1:00 - 3:00pm | Morse Auditorium at Boston University | Free | Open to the Public., Thinking about coming to our Open House tomorrow? 

This video will give you a preview of some of the faces and demonstrations that you can expect to see - we look forward to meeting some new, aspiring photographers! , Elin Spring Photography reviews W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y at Panopticon Gallery including the works of NESOP faculty / alums Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Samuel Quinn, and Randy Armor.

Open through June 9th, 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston. , Registration for CAMP PHOTO is now open.

CAMP PHOTO is NESOP's summer workshop for high school students who want to experiment with their photographic visions and immerse themselves in the world of digital photography. Two courses are offered, and can be taken independently, or together., OPEN HOUSE THIS SATURDAY! 

If you're considering attending photography school, join us from 11a-2p on Saturday to get the skinny on our Professional Photography Program. Classes begin in October - get the ball rolling now!, NESOP IS HIRING:

Part-Time Administrative Assistant / Curator of Student Exhibitions. Position to be filled immediately. 24 hours per week in office. See attached link for full details on how to apply., Opening Reception for Shekhina: Photographs by Leonard Nimoy at the Griffin Museum of Photography by Digital Silver Imaging [Belmont, MA] is tomorrow evening at 6PM.

"Although best known as an actor, Leonard Nimoy’s career as a photographer has spanned 60 years. He studied photography under Robert Heineken at UCLA and began making photographic images in his apartment darkroom at the age of 13.", Thursday evenings this spring, Art of Studio Photography with Bruno Debas is a workshop designed for people who wish to learn to use studio lighting and digital capture skills to create dynamic images.

Check out the video below to learn more, then enroll here-->http://bit.ly/PJgZ9n by March 28th to receive early tuition discount., 'Business and Marketing for Wedding Photography' with Laura Pineda runs Wednesday evenings this spring, beginning April 2nd.

"Laura is incredible. She pushes our learning and our confidence, and her knowledge is unparalleled." - Elizabeth B., 2013 workshop student , Opening Reception at Panopticon Gallery for W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y and NESOP Black and White Photography, 2014 exhibition., NESOP '12 alum Eileen Clynes is one of 9 artists selected for 'Color Edge Grit & Style', presented by SM Galleries in partnership with Coney Island USA's Shooting Gallery/Arts Annex.

Representational works by the World Famous Erotic Artist Eric Stanton will be provided by Tom Stanton from his Private Collection, and on view for this one evening only. Artist reception, Saturday, April 12, 6pm - 10pm., NEW! ADVANCED ALTERNATIVE PROCESS with Ron Cowie Photo, Saturdays this Spring beginning May 10th. This workshop is designed for the person who already has a working understanding of 19th century photo processes (Cyanotype, Salt Printing, Kallitype, Platinum) and is looking for more guided instruction in a specific process or portfolio. 

Not quite at the 'advanced' stage yet? Alternative Process I begins April 5th - enroll by March 28th and receive $30 off the cost of the class., NESOP workshop student Gregory Russo shares his thoughts on Bill Franson's 'The Holga Experience', offered Winter 2014., Photography Students:

Today is your last chance to submit to The Magenta Foundation's 2014 Undergraduate Photography Now juried exhibition., Opening Reception for Keith Johnson's Celestial Navigation exhibition at the Garner Center Gallery., 'Sorta, Kinda, Independent Exhibition' 

Sponsored by TAKE 5 Foundation and curated by Michael Hintlian, this show takes place at the Photographic Resource Center from May 27 - May 31.

Six creative girls in middle school were given cameras for a year under the guidance of professional photographer, Brenda Bancel. With plenty of encouragement and no rigid photography rules, these young artists produced a body of work that shows their coming of age. Opening Reception, Thursday, May 29, 6-8 p.m., BY POPULAR DEMAND: ADVANCED FOOD PHOTOGRAPHY with Chris Vaccaro. Friday evenings, beginning April 4th.

This course will expand on the lighting techniques and equipment previously learned to give you more options in technical and aesthetic approach to your image, including color temperature altering through use of lighting gels / camera settings, and more. , NESOP 2nd year students Alyssa Minahan, Aoife Shanahan, Elizabeth Ireland, and Cori DiPietro each had their work selected for the Black & White Juried Exhibition, May 23-July 12 at the The Center for Fine Art Photography in Fort Collins, Colorado.

If you would like to see their work in person, but can't make it to Colorado, stop by Panopticon Gallery this Friday, March 14th at 5:30pm for the Opening Reception of NESOP Black & White, Class of 2014., DEADLINE TO SUBMIT TO UNDERGRADUATE PHOTOGRAPHY 2014 IS THIS SATURDAY, MARCH 15: http://bit.ly/1f2Vrci, Are you, or someone you know, interested in pursuing a career in photography?

Join us for a casual Open House on March 22nd where you can tour the school, watch equipment demonstrations, and meet our talented faculty and staff. 11A-2P, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. , NEW! Photoshop in the Digital Studio with Adam Krauth runs Weds. evenings beginning April 2nd. 

Digital technology has changed the way product and advertising photographers approach their craft more profoundly than many other specialties - Krauth will  take students through the process of making simple and complex composites and photo illustrations., THIS FRIDAY | Panopticon Gallery | Opening Reception

Main Gallery: W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y, photographs and mixed media pieces by a number of artists, including NESOP faculty / alumni: Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Samuel Quinn ('09), and Randall Armor.

Private Room: Photographs by the students in Stephen Sheffield's NESOP Black and White Photography, 2014 class., TONIGHT | 7PM:

Opening reception for "About Face" at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery featuring work by NESOP alumni / students: Will Faraci ('07), Lauren Geshel ('13), Ruby Hazzard ('03), Rebecca Middleton (2nd year) and workshop student, Michael Joseph. 

"Dagney Ellis" ©Ruby Hazzard, NESOP alum Alexa Torre ('12) is featured in The Huffington Post for her work, 'Mexican Utopia'.

"Mexico is a singular country but we need to find those different Mexicans, Mexicans that can find their own way of assuming their own membership. That 'Hecho en Mexico' be able to be more than just a mark on a imported box.", TOMORROW NIGHT | 7PM: 

Opening reception for "About Face" at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery featuring work by NESOP alumni / students: Will Faraci ('07), Lauren Geshel ('13), Ruby Hazzard ('03), Rebecca Middleton (2nd year) and workshop student, Michael Joseph. , NESOP will be expanding facilities access for workshop students during the Spring 2014 semester. 

Workshop students will have access to NESOP's facilities from open until close seven days a week. This level of access is typically reserved for the summer workshops, so sign up today to take advantage of this limited time offer. , NESOP is proud to present our next Crosscurrents seminar, Finding Your Audience: Marketing Photos with Mary Virginia Swanson on Monday, March 10th, 1 - 4:30pm.

Open to the public on a first-come, first-served basis, tickets will be available at the door for $25 (cash/check). Holiday Inn Brookline, 1200 Beacon Street (St. Paul stop on the Green Line-C.), Film by Gabriel LaRusso - Opening Reception for Stephen Sheffield's Black & White photography students, Class of 2012, at Panopticon Gallery.

Don't miss the NESOP Black & White | Class of 2014 opening, Friday, March 14th, 5:30pm - details: http://on.fb.me/1oufBRU, TONIGHT! Opening Reception for Keith Johnson: Celestial Navigation at the Garner Center Gallery. Meet the artist and hear him speak about his work, 5-7PM, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, 2nd Floor.

Here's a time-lapse video of the exhibition installation to get you fired up for the real thing., Elin Spring Photography reviews Keith Johnson's Celestial Navigation, now open at the Garner Center Gallery. 

MEET THE ARTIST! Opening Reception is tomorrow evening, Weds., March 5 from 5-7PM. FREE, and open to the public. NESOP's Garner Center Gallery is located at 537 Commonwealth Ave., 2nd Fl., Boston, just one block from the Kenmore Green Line stop., Registration for our Spring '14 Workshops is NOW OPEN!

New classes include: Advanced Food Photography, Advanced Alternative Process, Photoshop in the Digital Studio, The Photographer as Documentary Filmmaker, and more. Register by March 28 to receive the early tuition rate.  , Chris Vaccaro's Fashion I students style and shoot their models., NESOP alums: Thinking about graduate school? This Tuesday, March 4th at 6pm, the New Hampshire Institute of Art will be hosting an information session at Panopticon Gallery about their low-residency MFA in Photography program.

502c Commonwealth Ave, Boston | 6PM | March 4, 2014, null, This Saturday evening, opening reception for "About Face: A Juried Photographic Exhibition" at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery, 7-9PM.

Co-juried by Griffin Museum of Photography Exec. Dir. Paula Tognarelli, and NESOP instructor/Gallery Seven owner, Nick Johnson, this show features work by a number of NESOP alumni / students, including: Will Faraci ('07), Lauren Geshel ('13), Ruby Hazzard ('03), and Rebecca Middleton (2nd year)., Each month, we're delving into the NESOP archives to bring you student portfolio images from the past 4 decades. This album contains images from students who graduated between 1970-1979 and is dedicated to the memory of Michael Rizza, Class of 1976., Leonard Nimoy's photography will be exhibited at three Boston institutions, beginning with the R. Michelson Galleries in Northampton, MA, March 1.

"This new exhibit is really four exhibits. Three institutions in Boston will be showing different bodies of work, and we will be exhibiting some of his very early photographic attempts in our Northampton gallery.", NESOP alum Alena Kuzub ('13) will speak about her architectural work, currently on display at Panopticon Gallery, at their 'Ladies Sunday Afternoon Tea' event hosted by Anne DeVito.

Joining Alena are fellow Architectural Analysis exhibition artists, Elizabeth Ellenwood, and Andrea Greitzer. 
March 2nd | 1:00-3:00pm | 502c Comm. Ave., Boston , Still time to catch 21st CENTURY MONOCHROME: New Works in Black and White Photography at Gordon College - exhibition is open through March 8, and features work by a number of NESOP faculty members, alumni, and friends. Open to the public, Monday - Saturday, 9a-7p. Admission is FREE., 2009 alum Carla Richmond was selected as one of PDN's 30 New & Emerging Photographers to Watch in 2014.

“When you’re a photographer waiting to be hired, it’s only going to happen if you put out into the world what you love to do, so making my own assignments has been really important.” - Carla Richmond '09, The Boston Globe reviews 'About Face', opening today at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery.

Co-juried by Griffin Museum of Photography Executive Director, Paula Tognarelli, and NESOP instructor/Gallery Seven owner, Nick Johnson, this photographic exhibition features works by a number of NESOP alumni / students, including: Will Faraci ('07), Lauren Geshel ('13), Ruby Hazzard ('03), and Rebecca Middleton (2nd year)., Opening March 14 at Panopticon Gallery, W-O-R-D-P-L-A-Y features photographs and mixed-media works of art from a number of area artists, including NESOP faculty / alumni / administration: Bill Franson, Stephen Sheffield, Samuel Quinn ('09), and Randy Armor. 

Also opening in the gallery's Private Room, photographs by NESOP students in Stephen Sheffield Photography's Black & White class. Opening reception: March 14, 5:30-7:30pm., SAVE THE DATE! 

NESOP is proud to co-sponsor "Holding My Ground: An Afternoon with Arno Rafael Minkkinen" along with the Photographic Resource Center and the Photographic Historical Society of New England.

April 6, 2014 | 1:00 - 3:00pm | Morse Auditorium at Boston University | Free | Open to the Public.  , Now open through April 4th at The Garner Center Gallery, Celestial Navigation: Photographs by Keith Johnson. Opening Reception: Wednesday, March 5th, 5-7PM, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. 

"Celestial Navigation is a large-scale photographic investigation that began as a response to a painting by Rebecca Salter at British Art Center and grew into a suite of gridded images about the night sky.", Submissions for Photoville's The Fence 2014 are now being accepted, with exhibition locations in Boston, NY, and Atlanta.

Photographers of all levels are encouraged to submit their best image series that capture the essence of “community” and fit into one or more of the competition categories: HOME, STREETS, PLAY, CREATURES, PEOPLE. , Submission deadline for The Center for Fine Art Photography's International Call for Entries | Black & White 2014 is next Wed., February 26th.

Jurored by Panopticon Gallery's Jason Landry, all black & white imagery is eligible for submission, including: alternative process, traditional, digital, toned black and white images, and all post-production techniques. All subject matter is welcome. , Laura Pineda's Portraiture II students shot a mock wedding at Boston's historic Hampshire House on Beacon Hill., NESOP '06 alum and former instructor, Amy Giese, is one of ten artists selected to have their work featured the The Magenta Foundation's Annual Flash Forward Festival. 

Taking place May 1-4 at the Photographic Resource Center, and curated by Francine Weiss, this exhibition brings together artists who are reinvigorating the medium by building on or engaging with the past while springing into the future., CALL-FOR-ENTRY: 

The Griffin Museum of Photography's 20th Juried Show: The Peter Urban Legacy Exhibition.
 
Juror: Aline Smithson Photography
Deadline for entries: March 31, 2014
Exhibition dates: July 10-August 31, 2014, Sign-ups for this month's portfolio reviews at the Photographic Resource Center are tomorrow at 10am - only 6 slots available, open to PRC members., First year students of Bill Franson and Nick Johnson braved the snow and cold to shoot 4x5 images., NEW NESOP T-SHIRTS NOW AVAILABLE AT THE STOCKROOM!

$15.00 / American Apparel / Black / S, M, L, XL, 2XL., 2013 alum Christiana Rifaat's project 'So It Goes' is featured on today's LENSCRATCH.

"Emotional and physical distance in the imagery represents my growing disconnects from both place and people and essentially my mourning for passing time.", Keitaro Yoshioka's Architectural Photography students visit the Boston Public Library., Meet artist and Black & White photography instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography in this recent artist profile from Panopticon Gallery., Chris Vaccaro's Intro to Food Photography Workshop students practice stacking., Due to the storm, all evening classes for Thursday, Feb. 13 are CANCELLED. NESOP facilities will close at 4PM., Opening reception for 'Barbarous Coasts' the inaugural exhibition at Boston's newest photography gallery, 555 Gallery, is this Saturday, 5-8pm, and features the work of David Mattox and Neal Rantoul. 

"555 Gallery - Brought to you by Susan Nalband. Dedicated to Fine Art Photography featuring emerging and mid-career artists.", Panopticon Gallery's Jason Landry recently spoke with Sue Anne Hodges' Creative Imaging Arts students about how to present their photography. Tonight, you can hear him speak about his book, Instant Connections, and the importance of networking and building connections in the industry - 6PM at NESOP: https://www.facebook.com/events/268356359984432/, Join photographers Michael Hintlian and Neal Rantoul for an intensive 5-day landscape photography workshop in the Palouse, July 6-12, 2014., Ron Cowie Photo's Alt Process workshop students worked on tintypes and glass plate negatives last week., NESOP students in Stephen Sheffield’s advanced black & white class to exhibit at Panopticon Gallery this March. Read about this, and other exhibiting NESOP alums and faculty in their recent eNewsletter., Tonight's evening workshops have been cancelled due to the storm and uncertainty regarding when the parking ban will be lifted.  NESOP is expected to be open as usual tomorrow, Thursday, Feb. 6th., Full-time classes for today have been cancelled due to the storm. The building is closed for now -  a decision will be made about workshops later today., Next Monday evening, NESOP presents an evening with Panopticon Gallery owner and author, Jason Landry. 

Moderated by Black & White instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography, Jason will discuss and sign copies of his new book, Instant Connections. Space is limited - arrive early!

6PM | 537 Comm Ave. | Books available for purchase on site., Artist Jeremy Fraga ('09) created a series of images for NESOP's 2014 public transit advertising campaign, "It's Better Behind the Camera." 

For each of his images, Jeremy produced a short video documenting how the photo came to be. 'Eye in Keyhole' is the first in the series, and commuters in Boston, Philadelphia, and San Francisco can see his work in person beginning next week. To see more of Jeremy's work, visit his website: http://fragaphoto.net/., NESOP '86 alum Danny Clinch Photography directs John Varvatos Spring/Summer 2014 campaign video featuring rock legends KISS., NEW YORK! Opening this Saturday at The Foundry for Art Design + Culture, Caleb Cole: Other People's Clothes.

"This exhibition is an exploration of private moments of expectation, a visual expression of Cole’s experiences stepping into the shoes of the types of people he sees on a daily basis."

Artist Reception : February 1, 6-9pm
Artist Lecture : March 2, 1pm, Opening reception for Suzanne Revy's exhibition at the Garner Center Gallery. Open through February 21, 2014., NESOP Black & White instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography's photo essay, Through the Looking Glass, is featured in the latest issue of Under the Gum Tree Magazine, an independent literary arts micro-magazine.  , We're delving into the NESOP archives this year to bring you student portfolio images from the past 4 decades. Feel free to tag your work., 2005 NESOP alum Keiko Hiromi's work in Liberia is currently featured on Socialdocumentary.net.

"Although I was reminded every minute by lack of what I had taken for granted for my entire life: water, electricity etc. what I was struck the most were Liberian's warms and vitality." See the rest of her personal statement here: http://on.fb.me/1mHGJii, Interested in the possibility of a community darkroom here in Boston? 

Stop by Panopticon Gallery for an info session this Saturday at noon and learn how you can help get this project off the ground!, NESOP's campus will be open at 10:00am. Delayed opening for students-classes start at 1:00pm. Morning classes will be rescheduled. Afternoon classes and evening workshops will run as scheduled. Full day classes will have a delayed start at 1:00pm., DUE TO THE STORM, NESOP'S SCHEDULE ON WEDNESDAY, 01.22.14 LOOKS LIKE THIS:  

-FT PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY PROGRAM CLASSES START AT 1 P.M. (NO MORNING CLASSES)

-FACILITIES & OFFICES OPEN AT 10 A.M.

-EVENING WORKSHOPS WILL RUN AS SCHEDULED, THIS EVENING'S WORKSHOPS HAVE BEEN CANCELLED DUE TO THE IMPENDING STORM - STAY TUNED FOR ANNOUNCEMENTS RE: POTENTIAL CLASS DELAYS/CANCELLATIONS FOR WEDNESDAY, 01.22.14., Thursday evening at the Griffin Museum of Photography, opening reception for Six Artists from 7-8:30PM.

Photography included in this exhibition:
- PRIFTI
Drawn by Light
- CONFLUENCE
Denyse Murphy
- CONVERSATIONS WITH HISTORY
David Emmit Adams
- DISAPPEARANCE
S. Gayle Stevens
- LETHE
Michelle Rogers Pritzl Photography
- PEACHES AND PENUMBRAS
Barbara Ford Doyle, TODAY! TODAY! TODAY!

12-3PM - Wicked Winter & Architectural Analysis Exhibition, Opening Reception at Panopticon Gallery including work by NESOP alum Alena Kuzub '13, and more.
---------------
4-6PM - 21st Century Monochrome: New Works in Black & White Photography Opening Reception at Gordon College. Curated by NESOP instructor Bill Franson, this exhibition includes his work along with that of fellow faculty members Michael Hintlian, Ron Cowie Photo, Stephen Sheffield Photography, NESOP alum Samuel Quinn '09, and workshop alum, Michael Joseph., Haven't had a chance to see Suzanne Revy: To Venerate the Simple Days at the Garner Center Gallery yet?

Elin Spring Photography reviews the show for her blog, What Will You Remember? This show runs through February 21st - Gallery hours: M/W/F 9a-5p, Sat. 10a-4p., NESOP '09 alum Ben Gebo Photography shoots comedian and actor David Koechner for The Cheese Issue of DigBoston - just in time for National Cheese Lovers Day (Monday 1/20). , Nice article in The South Shore Magazine about our friends down at Panopticon Imaging in Rockland.

In addition to supporting local artists and galleries, Paul Sneyd and his team at Panopticon Imaging have helped many NESOP students, alumni, and faculty with their printing and framing needs over the years., Images from the Boston Molasses Disaster, 95 years ago this week, from the Boston Public Library image archives., TWO BIG PHOTOGRAPHY OPENINGS THAT YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT THIS SATURDAY!

12-3PM - Wicked Winter & Architectural Analysis Exhibition, Opening Reception at Panopticon Gallery: http://on.fb.me/1ckdoBI
---THEN, HEAD ON UP TO WENHAM, MA---
4-6PM - 21st Century Monochrome: New Works in Black and White Photography, Opening Reception and Lecture. Curated by NESOP instructor Bill Franson at Gordon College., A new show at the ICP - International Center of Photography in New York offers an extraordinary chance to see more than 125 unpublished and unseen color photographs by Robert Capa.

"Featuring work from the 1930s through the ’50s, the color photographs celebrate Capa’s eye for war, fashion, culture, even portraiture.", Tomorrow Evening - Artist Reception for Suzanne Revy: To Venerate the Simple Days at the Garner Center Gallery.

5-7PM | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston | 2nd Floor, NESOP instructor Dana Smith Photography's photo of Boston landlord Anwar Faisal, featured in Boston Magazine's January, 2014 issue. Boston Magazine Photo Editor, Toan Trinh ('13)., null, Curated by NESOP instructor Bill Franson, 21st Century Monochrome: New Works in Black and White Photography runs January 18th through March 8th at Gordon College. Opening Reception and Artist Lecture - Jan. 18, 4pm.

"21st Century Monochrome is an invitational exhibit representing ten contemporary photographers, who work in black and white and use methods spanning the history of photography, including: lens-less pinhole cameras; light-sensitized platinum/palladium prints; analog film; and digital capture and Photoshop. The show highlights diverse methods within the black and white medium, reflecting the nature of each artist." —Bill Franson, Curator, NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo demonstrates how YOU can make a cyanotype shirt at home in 10 easy steps!

Learn other stylish-yet-functional uses for cyanotype in his Alternative Process Workshop beginning this Saturday - limited space is still available --->http://bit.ly/1cCetYT, NESOP '12 alum Alena Kuzub is one of the featured artists in Panopticon Gallery's upcoming Private Room Exhibition - Architectural Analysis. Opening Reception: Saturday, January 18, 12-3PM.

"From the quiet views from inside museums, to the abstract. From the straight-forward majestic images of theaters to the multiple exposed views of Boston and beyond, each of the artists in this exhibition look at architecture from very different perspectives.", Opening tomorrow at NESOP's Garner Center Gallery, Suzanne Revy: To Venerate the Simple Days. Artist Reception: Weds., January 15, 5-7pm, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston.  

"A magical visual essay on the joys of family and the explorations of summer, her use of a toy camera draws out a surprisingly melancholic mood, revealing memories and continued traditions within a family when school is over and obligations fall away.", Our Alternative Process Workshop with Ron Cowie Photo begins next Saturday, 1/11 and explores 19th century photo processes, including: Tintypes, Glass Plates, Cyanotypes, Salt Printing, and more! 

Check out the video below for more info from the man himself, then register here --> http://bit.ly/1iG2Uom, If you liked our Intensive Digital Camera I Workshop, take Level II this Winter to further your understanding: http://bit.ly/1e7jOXw, NESOP 2nd year students P.J. Couture and Laura Knapp had their work selected for inclusion in the Online Annex of The Black Box Gallery's New Color Photography exhibition, juried by Kelli Pennington.

Exhibition dates: January 1-20, 2014., In this video, NESOP instructor Bill Franson talks about his upcoming workshop, The Holga Experience.

In this 10-week course, you will truly discover that the artist makes the photograph, not the equipment. Enroll now to receive early tuition discount: http://bit.ly/19Timsn, Urban Landscape: Join award-winning documentary photographer Michael Hintlian in this fascinating and challenging exploration of the philosophy of photographic vision, drawing on the boundless opportunities presented by the urban environment. Enroll here: http://bit.ly/Jz5qOA, Our Portraiture I Workshop is a comprehensive introductory course that will immerse students in the world of portraiture, giving them the skills to make dynamic photographs of people. See video below for more information, then click here: http://bit.ly/1auhasq to enroll TODAY to receive early tuition discount., Did you just take a photo of your lunch before eating it?

Intro to Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography will teach you how to style, light, and photograph food for everything from advertising and editorial, to travel and lifestyle, to social media and smartphone photography - check out this video for a behind the scenes look - class begins Jan. 6 at 6PM., In this article for The Middle Gray, NESOP alum Alena Kuzub ('13) speaks with MG editor Catalina Piedrahita Photography ('11) about Geometry, Life in Minsk and Russophones. 

"I take someone else’s creation, appreciate it and turn it into something new in my artwork.” — Alena Kuzub, Sign up to learn more about the launch of a local community darkroom., NESOP offers a series of Digital Camera Workshops for photographers at every experience level. Not sure which level is best for you? Check out this video to learn more about each course offered - classes begin in January! For more info: http://bit.ly/19zu8os, NESOP '12 alum Alexa Torre Rodríguez is currently featured on LENSCRATCH for 'Mexican Utopia' - her series of colorful portraits steeped in Mexican identity and history, celebrating the joy of life., NPR: Portrait Show Brings Photographer-Subject Encounters Into Focus. 

"When someone takes our picture, we usually deliver a mile-wide grin, but there's not a smile in the room at the Phillips Collection's photography show in Washington.", Call for Submissions - last call!, Rare photos from the set of Frank Capra's 1946 holiday classic, It's a Wonderful Life., Creative Lighting I, the first in a 3-part series with Steve Ostrowski runs Monday evenings this winter beginning January 6th.

This ten-week course is an intensive and thorough foundation that will help you produce more effective and consistent results using natural, ambient, and found light sources., Yorgos Efthymiadis '13 received an honorable mention for his submission, 'Wall', at the Santa Fe Photographic Workshops  exhibition "Backyard".
 
The same image was also selected at this year's The Art of Photography Show at San Diego Art Institute, curated by Julia Dolan., Alternative Process with Ron Cowie Photo: Saturdays from 10a-4pm beginning January 11th!

This class studies and practices 19th century photo processes. Students will explore salt printing, cyanotype, platinum printing, pinhole photography and more., NESOP '12 alum Stephanie Larsen held a Fashion photography demo during NESOP's Fall Open House - check out images from her shoot here, on her blog., For anyone who missed the live Q&A session with NESOP Admissions Director David Katz yesterday, you'll have another chance to chat with him virtually tomorrow from 11a-1p(EST) via CollegeWeekLive. 

Follow the link below to have all of your questions about applying to / attending NESOP answered., Intro to Food Photography with Chris Vaccaro Photography: Mondays from 6-9pm beginning January 6th!

This workshop will introduce students to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising to editorial, travel and lifestyle to social media smartphone photography, all areas of food photography will be explored., Tomorrow, Dec. 18, is the last day to see Vivian Maier: A Woman's Lens exhibition at Brandeis University.

Since the discovery of her negatives in a Chicago storage locker in 2007, Vivian Maier (1926-2009) has garnered international attention for her poignant street photography, almost none of which she printed during her lifetime., The Holga Experience with Bill Franson: Saturdays from 10a-1p beginning January 11th.

In this course you will discover that you don’t need the latest equipment, the most expensive equipment, or the
sharpest lenses to create compelling, vibrant images. You will truly discover that the artist makes the photograph, not the equipment., Are you or somebody you know interested in going to school to learn photography? 

Today, NESOP Admissions Director David Katz will be answering all of your questions via CollegeWeekLive's Virtual College Fair from 2-4pm(EST). Follow the link below to chat with him directly!, ASMP New England Chapter hosts an evening of friendly discussion and outstanding imagery as they present meaningful projects, both commercial and personal, of four New England photographers and work they created right here in New England, including John Benford Photography '11., Winter Workshop registration is now open - check out this video for a behind-the-scenes look into some of our classes, then visit NESOP.com/workshops for more info., A thoughtful and well-written local Craigslist ad reminding the world that photography / photography services aren't free.

"I am looking to hire all types of people to do all sorts of jobs for me, as long as I do not have to pay anything. Just think, you will gain more experience!", Congratulations to Eileen Clynes '12, she has been selected as the Griffin Museum of Photography's 'Members in Focus'! 

Stop by the Opening Reception for the Griffin Museum's Winter Solstice Members Show TONIGHT from 6-8pm to see her work in person., Are you or somebody you know interested in going to school for photography? 

Today, NESOP Admissions Director David Katz will be answering all of your questions via CollegeWeekLive's Virtual College Fair, until 8pm(EST). Follow the link below to chat with him directly!, Ten photographers, gallery owners, collectors and curators review the books that inspired them in 2013., 2014 Winter Workshop Registration is now OPEN! Check out our schedule for available classes including: 

- NEW: Shoot, Develop & Print with Adobe Lightroom, instructed by Randall Armor 
- RETURNING: Alternative Processes, instructed by Ron Cowie 

AND MANY MORE!, Not sure what to get the NESOPer on your holiday gift list this year?

A Mr. Knuckles Camp NESOP t-shirt designed by Ron Cowie Photo is the perfect gift for students, alumni, and squirrel enthusiasts everywhere! ACT NOW - SUPPLIES ARE LIMITED!, Newly digitized images from City of Boston Archives show a century's worth of changes in Boston's South End. 

c. 1880-1980., Photographer Jesseca Ferguson visits with Stephen Sheffield's Fine Art B&W class., '99 NESOP alum, Adrian Mueller, shares some of the recent work he's done with celebrity chef, Linnea Johannson, for her new cookbook, tentatively titled 'Stay Up Late!'., CALL FOR ENTRY:

Nave Gallery invites all artists in all mediums to participate in Love Shack. Jurored by Bill Kouwenhoven, International Editor of HotShoe International magazine, "Love Shack will feature artists exploring themes related specifically to Valentine’s Day and/or more broadly to this thing we call love."

Deadline: January 20, 2014. Visit link below for full details., '08 NESOP alum Dana Tarr Photography is published in the January issue of PDN for his 'Ultimate Music Moment' winning photo of Clinton Sparks, Macklemore, and 2 Chainz. 

"I am still in shock! It is a photographers dream to get into this magazine, at least mine since I started at New England School of Photography. Thank you everyone for all of your support!" 

To see more, visit: http://bit.ly/18kXBox, NESOP Dean of Students Marty Hassell performs with The Outer Cape Chorale, December 13-15. Founded in 2002, The Outer Cape Chorale are a non-auditioning chorus of singers who travel to Provincetown from all over Cape Cod to sing. 

Admission is free. A Goodwill collection will be taken. For more information, visit: http://www.outercapechorale.org/, TOMORROW: Opening reception for the New England Portfolio Reviews Showcase, Presented by the Griffin Museum of Photography and the Photographic Resource Center.

NEPR Showcase includes everything from diaristic images made with cell phone and digital cameras to formal studies of fireworks to mysterious and luminescent X-ray images. 

6 - 7:30pm | PRC Gallery | 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, Opening today at PhotoPlace Gallery in Middlebury, VT, Transformations: The Ordinary Made Extraordinary. 

Jurored by Ellen Jantzen and featuring work from NESOP instructors Sue Anne Hodges Photography, Nora Vrublevska, and former NESOP instructor / '80 alum Marky Kaufmann, this exhibition is comprised of photographs that enable us to see ordinary things in new ways. Open through Dec. 27, 2013., Behind the scenes with students in Bruno Debas' Advertising I class., Last minute exhibition opportunity at the Bromfield Gallery in Boston's South End., Give the gift of photography this year! 

NESOP Winter Workshops begin in January - stay tuned for the schedule of available courses, announced in mid-December. Gift Certificates are available for purchase in all denominations during regular business hours, M-F, 9a-5p., NESOP alum Sean Murphy Photography shares some recent work that he's done for Nature's Recipe Natural Pet Food. 

"Whenever we get to work with animals it is an awesome time!" - Sean Murphy, '93, NESOP faculty, staff and alumni supported Panopticon Gallery owner Jason Landry at the reception for his new book, Instant Connections., '09 NESOP alum Kendra Adams [Kendra-Elise Photography] is featured in the current issue of Greenroom Magazine where she shares insight about her work, discusses her recent cross-country Tintype Tour, and offers advice to aspiring photographers.

To see more of her work: http://www.kendraesadams.com, TONIGHT: Opening Reception for From Paper to Pixels, an exhibition featuring 2011 Garner Center Gallery artist, Gretjen Helene Photography. 

From Paper to Pixels is a collaboration of 18 traditional and new media artists, paired up to create unique, interactive experiences.

5-7pm | Suffolk University Gallery | 75 Arlington St., Boston, '11 alum Dana Curran (Tavares) and her husband Zak are Henry + Mac, Boston-based wedding photographers. As this month's guest bloggers, they've graciously offered their expertise on what questions you should ask yourself, and what to ask potential photographers when planning your big day. 

For more of their work and wisdom, check out their website at: http://henryandmac.com/, GALLERY SEVEN CALL-FOR-ENTRY DEADLINE, 11/23/13: 

Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery juried photographic exhibition "About Face" is open to all New England artists 18+ years working in any photographic medium depicting the Human Face. Jurors: Nick Johnson and Paula Tognarelli, Executive Director and Curator of the Griffin Museum of Photography., NewCity Art reviews NESOP instructor Ron Cowie's 'Oceanhead Meditations' and 'Leaving Babylon', now on view at Alibi Fine Art, Chicago.

Open through December 28 | 1966 West Montrose, Chicago, IL, Congratulations to NESOP supporter and friend Jason Landry on the release of his new book "Instant Connections: Essays and Interviews on Photography."

Featuring interviews with artists including Vik Muniz, Leonard Nimoy, William Wegman and Harold Feinstein, and essays around the central theme of photography, "Instant Connections" is meant to inspire, motivate and educate. Now available at Amazon.com and local, independent bookstores., Opening reception for Phillip Jones Photographs at the Garner Center., TONIGHT: Opening Reception for Phillip Jones Photographs Exhibition at the Garner Center. Meet the artist and hear him discuss his selected works. 

5-7pm | 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston | Free Event, Boston Below: Two Photographers Explore the Underbelly of the MBTA. 

"In their first-ever published book, Boston Below, photographers Joe Votano and Karen Hosking explore the ins and outs of the MBTA’s structure; from the people who pack the platforms and railway cars, to the workers who spend hours attending to outdated trains.", TOMORROW EVENING: Opening Reception for Phillip Jones Photographs at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. Meet the artist and hear him speak about his selected works.  5-7pm | 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston | Free Event 

For more information about the artist and this exhibit, please visit: http://bit.ly/1bVJV2g, null, Free event next Tuesday presented by forte539, the Boston Center for the Arts young professionals' group which offers individuals under the age of 40 the opportunity to experience interactive, behind-the-scenes events based on exhibitions and performances on the BCA campus.

Tuesday November 12 | 6p-8p | RSVP | Casual attire | 21+, Interested in going to Photography School in the heart of Boston? 

NESOP's Open House will take place THIS SATURDAY, Nov. 9th from 11a-2p. Demos and tours beginning every 20 minutes. Meet administration, faculty and staff. Eat free cookies., KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY and his Architectural Photography students visited Newport, RI this week to photograph the historic mansions. See more photos from their visit at: http://bit.ly/HAc8Ti, NESOP Alt Process Instructor Ron Cowie Photo exhibits a portfolio of twenty landscape platinum prints at The Alibi Gallery, Chicago. This collection comes from two distinct yet related bodies of work: Leaving Babylon and Oceanhead Meditation.

Artist Reception: Saturday, Nov. 9th from 5:30-8:30pm
Exhibition Open: Saturday, Nov. 9th through Dec. 28th, Currently on view in the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions, Phillip Jones Photographs' investigations of transition, construction and progress in the urban landscape. 

Exhibition: November 5 - December 20, 2013
Reception: November 13, 2013, 5pm-7pm, Recent blog post about NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography's commission in The Kensington, Boston. 

"Step into the vibrant lobby of The Kensington, and you’re greeted by a trio of stunning eight-by-seven-foot photographic montages — a permanent commission by renowned artist Stephen Sheffield.", Professional Food Stylist Catrine Kelty visits Chris Vaccaro Photography's Intro to Food Photography Workshop and shares some trade secrets., Intro to Digital Darkroom & RAW Processing with Sue Anne Hodges Photography is a 2-day workshop designed to help you maximize the potential of your digital photographs.

Taking place Saturday 11/16 - Sunday 11/17 from 10a-5p, you will discover the power of the digital darkroom in this introductory class. Using tools to remove dust spots, crop, straighten and correct perspective, and more, you will learn to make the most of every image., REMINDER: NESOP's Open House originally scheduled for Nov. 2nd was re-scheduled and will take place THIS SATURDAY, Nov. 9th from 11a-2p.

We look forward to seeing you!, Ronald Cowie's Alternative Processes class creating tintype images., Due to the street closures and parking restrictions associated with the Red Sox World Series parade taking place tomorrow, NESOP's OPEN HOUSE HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED FOR NEXT SATURDAY, 11/09 from 11a-2p.

We apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing you on 11/09!, Election Day in Boston is days away. MASSCreative's Create the Vote coalition has worked hard to elevate the importance of arts, culture, and creativity in the Boston mayoral race.

Both John R. Connolly and Marty Walsh have made strong commitments to strengthen and support the creative community. You can pledge your support as an Arts Voter by following the link below., WORKSHOP STUDENTS: 

Classes for Wednesday evening, 10/30, have been CANCELLED due to travel and parking restrictions associated with the World Series. Your instructors will be in touch with you directly to schedule make-up classes., Images from Surreal Night at the Photographic Resource Center hosted by Stephen Sheffield Photography. He, along with 5 other photographers, present their disorienting, hallucinatory, and / or dream-like images., TOMORROW EVENING: 

Anne DeVito of Panopticon Gallery will be hosting her 2nd installment of Ladies Night from 6 - 8p. The evening will include artist talks by photographers whose work is on display, and discussion about the role and importance of women as artists and collectors. RSVP to: anne@panopticongallery.com., Interested in a career in professional photography? 

Take the first step this Saturday and join us for an Open House from 11am-2pm. Tours and demos beginning every 20 minutes.

537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston | Kenmore Square, 2nd year NESOP student Laura Knapp Photography is featured on The Middle Gray blog this week, sharing insights about her creative process, and explaining what motivates her to be behind and in front of the camera., Nine images from '12 alum Alexa Torre Rodríguez's project 'Mexican Identity' are featured on Your Shot, National Geographic's photo community.

To see more of her work, visit her website: www.alexatorre.com, After 6 years of working for Hasbro Inc. as a photographer, '06 alum Dave White recently left his job to open his own studio, Rhode Island-based Studio DTW, where he is about to launch an exciting new product called TOPOGRAFICS™, combining the world of photography with 3D printing., Tomorrow evening, Stephen Sheffield Photography hosts Surreal Night at the Photographic Resource Center. Come watch as he, and five other photographers present their disorienting, hallucinatory, and / or dream-like images. 

October 22 | 6-8pm | 832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, LADIES!

Anne DeVito of Panopticon Gallery will be hosting her 2nd installment of 'Ladies Night' on Tuesday, Oct. 29 from 6-8p. The evening will include artist talks by photographers whose work is on display as part of the On First Contact exhibition, and discussion about the role and importance of women as artists and collectors., Opening reception for Miah Nate Johnson's exhibition 'Perceptions' at the Garner Center Gallery., Tomorrow from 2-4pm, NESOP will be at Northern Essex Community College in Haverhill, MA as part of the New England Association for College Admission Counseling tour. 

Stop by our table and learn how you can become a professional photographer in just two short years., NESOP's new Academic Director, Randall Armor, represented the school at MASSCreative's Create The Vote Forum where Boston mayoral candidate Marty Walsh spoke about his plans for the city's arts and cultural communities. Both Walsh and his opponent, John Connolly, have pledged to appoint a cabinet-level cultural officer., The Rose Art Museum director Christopher Bedford sits down with WGBH to discuss 'Image Machine: Andy Warhol and Photography' on display now through Dec. 15.

"He had an interest in the relationship, the public emotion, the public spectacle to image-making."

Rose Art Museum | Brandeis University | 415 South St. Waltham, MA, TONIGHT: Opening reception for Miah Nate Johnson's exhibition 'Perceptions' in the Garner Center Gallery. Meet the artist, 5-7PM, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. 

"Perceptions is a black and white series of street photography that subtly brings the viewer into a relationship with seemingly disparate elements, parcels of American life drawn out across regions: small town and big city American streets rife with juxtaposition.", SOUTHERN MA: Interested in going to school to become a professional photographer? Tomorrow we'll be answering all of your questions at the Cape Cod College Fair at Barnstable High School from 3:30-5:30pm, and at B.M.C. Durfee High School in Fall River from 5-7pm. 

Take the first step toward your photography career!, This Saturday evening, the Griffin Museum of Photography presents the 8th Annual Focus Awards. 

Sponsored by Panopticon Imaging, this event recognizes individuals making critical contributions to the promotion, curation and presentation of photography.

Tickets are still available, student tickets are $20 with valid student ID., NESOP graduates interested in pursuing an MFA in Photography are invited to join the New Hampshire Institute of Art for an information session at Panopticon Gallery TONIGHT at 6PM.

502c Commonwealth Ave. | Boston, MA, Surreal Night w/ Guest Host & Lead Presenter Stephen Sheffield Photography still has 2 presenter spots available!

Taking place at the Photographic Resource Center on October 22, Surreal Night is open to all photographers producing work with disorienting, hallucinatory, or dream-like qualities, unreal imagery, or inspired by Jerry Uelsmann and/or Man Ray., New student orientation: October 3, 2013., NESOP is very excited to have Miah Nate Johnson's exhibition 'Perceptions' in the Garner Center Gallery through November 1, 2013.  Meet the artist at our Opening Reception, Weds. Oct. 16th, 5-7pm, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston. 

"Perceptions is a black and white series of street photography that subtly brings the viewer into a relationship with seemingly disparate elements, parcels of American life drawn out across regions: small town and big city American streets rife with juxtaposition.", Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery presents "About Face: A Juried Photographic Exhibition."

Juried by Griffin Museum of Photography Executive Director, Paula Tognarelli, and NESOP instructor / Gallery Seven Co-Owner, Nick Johnson, this call for entry is open to New England artists aged 18+ working in any photographic medium depicting the human face.Submissions accepted between Oct. 1 - Nov. 23, 2013., NESOP was a proud sponsor of Photo Nights Boston's Photorama -  a free event at the Boston Center for the Arts Cyclorama celebrating photography and the arts in Boston., First day of school - best of luck to all NESOP students, faculty, and staff for a great year ahead!, NESOP '12 alum Eileen Clynes Photography is featured in this video for The Middle Gray Magazine about her work, humor in art, and Elvis. Watch it here: http://bit.ly/GBsvyL, NESOP was a proud sponsor of Mary Ellen Mark's lecture and book signing at the Photographic Resource Center., WALTHAM: Tonight NESOP will be at the Education Cooperative at Waltham High School from 6:30 - 8:30pm - stop by and take the first step toward a career in Professional Photography! 

#collegefair #photographyschool #artschool #photography, "Image Machine: Andy Warhol & Photography" curator, Joseph Ketner, and radio personality Henry Santoro speak about the artist at Panopticon Gallery., The Boston Globe's Cate McQuaid reviews 'Pedigree' at the New Art Center featuring NESOP instructor, Caleb Cole ('08).

"The curator [Elizabeth Devlin, FLUX. Boston] sets up one area of the gallery like a Victorian parlor. Caleb Cole’s “The Widows” hangs above the divan, featuring 19th-century cartes de visite depicting older women, mounted on vintage hankies.", Resource Magazine spotlights '08 NESOP alum, Gregory Waldo, whose work will be featured at Photo Nights Boston's Photorama event on October 3rd.

"Some of my photography friends who were already in school full-time, convinced me to get serious about it. I ended up going to the New England School of Photography (NESOP), which was an amazing experience. I graduated in 2008 and have been taking pictures ever since.", Interested in a career in photography?

Tomorrow from 7-9pm and Friday from 9-11am, NESOP will be at the NEACAC College Fair: University of New Hampshire. Stop by and have all of your questions answered by our Director of Admissions., Introduction to Digital Darkroom and RAW Processing with Sue Anne Hodges Photography begins 11/16.

"This two-day introductory course will help you maximize the potential of your digital photographs. Photoshop’s image processing power gives you the ability to draw more out of your image in the digital darkroom than ever before and your camera’s RAW capture capability gives you the potential to capture more detail and tonal range.", TONIGHT | 6pm - 8pm | FREE 

RadioBDC's Henry Santoro and "Image Machine: Andy Warhol & Photography" curator Joseph Ketner speak at Panopticon Gallery. RSVP: info@panopticongallery.com

#kenmore #kenmoresquare #photographyevents #bostonevents #bostonradio #warhol #andywarhol #photographygallery , Photo Nights Boston has announced the winners of their 2013 Photorama Photo Contest, including NESOP instructor, KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY, and the following alumni / students: Aiofe Shanahan (2nd year), Eileen Clynes Photography ('12), Gregory Waldo ('08), Jacob Belcher ('05), and a number of workshop students, past and present. 

The winners will have their images projected at the October 3rd Photorama event at the Boston Center for the Arts Cyclorama - congratulations to all!, TOMORROW NIGHT: Boston radio icon, Henry Santoro, and "Image Machine: Andy Warhol & Photography" curator, Joseph Ketner, will be at Panopticon Gallery discussing the exhibition (now open at The Rose Art Museum at Brandeis University) and recounting Santoro's legendary 1985 Warhol radio interview.

Space is limited for this one-of-a-kind event, RSVP now to: info@panopticongallery.com to reserve your spot!, Are you or somebody you know considering a career in professional photography? 

Tomorrow evening, NESOP will be at the Boston Performing & Visual Arts College Fair at Boston University from 7-9pm. Stop by and have all of your questions answered by our Director of Admissions, Dave Katz. 

#photography #learnphotography #artschool #boston #NACAC #bostonperformingandvisualartsfair #photoschool #collegefair, The Boston Globe's Mark Feeney reviews the 2013 Danforth Art New England Photography Biennial, highlighting the work of NESOP alums Yorgos Efthiamiadis ('13) and Samuel Quinn ('09), and Fine Art Black & White instructor, Stephen Sheffield Photography.  

#photography #newenglandphotography #danforthart #danforthbiennial #bostonglobe #arts #bostonarts, EP Levine invites photography students and educators to their 'Back to School Bonanza' on Tuesday, Sept. 24 from 12-8pm. 

Try out their gear, see new product demos, learn about their photography student / educator discount!, TOMORROW NIGHT: Opening reception for 'Pedigree' at the New Art Center in Newton, MA. Curated by Elizabeth Devlin of FLUX. Boston, Pedigree features a number of Boston area artists, including NESOP instructor, Caleb Cole ('08). 

"Who or what determines 'pedigree'? Is it by birthright or can it be achieved? ... I hope to shed some light on the absurdity and propriety of the term, and more specifically, my curatorial interest is in the surprising use and abuse of the word as it pertains to the Arts community." - Elizabeth Devlin, curator, Interview with NESOP Black & White Photography instructor, Stephen Sheffield Photography, on this week's Glossom Blog, including his sage advice to young artists:

"Lose your ego, but be stubborn, be persistent, be open to everything, be human.", Michael Hintlian, Director of NESOP's Documentary department, is profiled by Leica Camera today where he discusses his work as an artist, educator, and his belief in the importance of shooting every day.

"I am an opportunist, everything is interesting. Some might call me a street photographer, others a documentarian — I take pictures. For me, photography is a way of life. I don’t have an approach other than to shoot every day. I always have a camera with me … always.", Want to learn more about our Professional Photography Program? NESOP will be at the following career/ college fairs this week:

- Thurs., Sept. 19, 2013, 9 - 11AM Mount Wachusett Community College, Gardner, MA
- Thurs., Sept. 19, 5 - 7PM Montachusett Regional Vocational Technical School, Fitchburg, MA
- Sun., Sept. 22, 2 - 4PM University of Massachusetts Dartmouth,  North Dartmouth, MA

#photography #learnphotography #photographyschool #artschool #boston #college #artschools #newenglandartschool, NESOP is excited to announce and welcome our new Academic Director, Randall Armor, beginning October 7th.

Randall has been an engaging, entertaining and inspiring photographer, educator and writer for over three decades throughout southern New England. He inaugurated NESOP's popular Advanced Digital Camera evening workshop in 2005, and in 2009, he moved on to the Boston University CDIA where he directed its Professional Photography Certificate Program with much success.

Please join us in welcoming Randall back to NESOP! To learn more about his work, check out his website, below., Elin Spring Photography reviews Danforth Art's 2013 New England Photography Biennial.  Artists' Reception is this Saturday, 6-8pm, open to members only. To obtain a membership, contact the museum at 508.620.0050., Opening tomorrow at The Rose Art Museum at Brandeis University, “Image Machine: Andy Warhol and Photography” the first major Boston Warhol exhibit in almost 50 years. 

Open Sept. 17 through Dec. 15, 2013 | Free | 415 South St., Waltham, MA. #photography #photographygallery #photographyexhibit #warhol #andywarhol #galleryopening #free, Opening Reception for: On First Contact, What I Did On My Summer Vacation and Emerging Artist | FEATURED: No Thoughts Magazine at Panopticon Gallery. Exhibition open now through January 14, 2014. 
502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston., Beginning this Weds., Architectural Photography on Location w/ KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY - still a few open slots. Check out the video below to learn more, then enroll here: http://bit.ly/17O9qTt

#architecturalphotography #photographyworkshops #architecture #photography #boston #keitaroyoshioka #learnphotography, artscope magazine reviews the current exhibition at Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery, Surreal, in their Sept./Oct. issue.  Surreal features work by four area artists, including two NESOP '12 alums, Libby Gowen and Chelsea Kyle, and shares the combined idea that “what you initially see is not what you realize, after a few minutes of studying it."

Open through Sept. 28th | 7 Nason Street | Maynard, MA, Today is the last day to receive the early tuition discount on our Fall Workshops - still space available in many of them. 

ENROLL NOW!, 2013 grad Rob Collins Photography shot the cover of the September/October issue of Focus Skate Mag - check out his website to see more of his work: http://robcollinsphoto.com/, THREE new shows opening at Panopticon Gallery tomorrow, each of them including work by NESOP faculty members / alumni:

Faculty - Bill Franson, Michael Hintilan, Stephen Sheffield
Alumni - Brenda Bancel ('11), Daniella Rascon ('11), Samuel Quinn ('09), Amber Wachtl ('12), Greg Norstrom ('13)

#photographyexhibition #bostonphotography #exhibitionopening #photographygallery #art #artgallery #bostonevents #nesop #panopticongallery #bostonarts #supportbostonarts, Still space available in KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY's Architectural Photography on Location workshop - watch the video below to get pumped up about the class, then enroll by Friday here ----> http://bit.ly/17O9qTt to save $30 off tuition.

#architecturalphotography #photographyworkshops #architecture #photography #boston #keitaroyoshioka #learnphotography, Thursday | 6:30pm | Opening Reception for 'Framed: Identity and the Photographic Portrait' at the Photographic Resource Center. Exhibition features work from three artists, including NESOP instructor Caleb Cole ('08.) 

#photographyexhibition #bostonphotography #photographygallery #art #artgallery #photography #bostonevents #nesop #prc, Wedding Photography I with Laura Pineda, owner of Alternate Angles Photography, begins next Monday evening. 

This workshop is designed to introduce students to the exciting world of wedding photography. Weekly class discussions will address appropriate equipment, communicating with subjects, photographing under pressure and beyond. Enroll by Friday, 9/13, and receive $30 off tuition.

#weddingphotography #weddings #weddingphotographer #learnphotography #photographyworkshops #boston #weddingphotos #bostonweddings, Alternative Processes is one of many courses of study offered to NESOP students, taught by one of many talented faculty members, Ron Cowie Photo.  

"[This year] I’ll be teaching the two basic methods of making negatives: wet plate collodion and gelatin silver emulsions. Both of these processes have not changed too drastically and allow the student a real hands on experience."

#alternativeprocess #photography #tintype #glassplate #wetplatecollodion #gelatinsilveremulsions #platinum #artschool, New blog post from StoneCrop Gallery featuring images from 'Can You Hear Me Now?', their 2nd Annual Juried Exhibition of cell-phone photography. 

NESOP faculty members Stephen Sheffield and Amy Giese ('06) were among the artists selected for this exhibition., Tonight, 6PM at Paramount Center: Boston Mayoral Candidate Forum on Arts, Culture & Creativity. Embrace this rare opportunity to show the political leadership in Boston just how engaged and influential the creative community is - reception at 5PM., There's still time to enroll in our Professional Photography Program. Classes begin October 7th - for more information on our Majors & Minors, Financial Aid, and how to apply, visit our website below.

#photography #photographyschool #artschool #boston #learnphotography #photoschool #photographystudent, Final studio lighting class for February students - final presentations take place this week., Looking for something to do this weekend?  The 2013 New England Photography Biennial opens Sunday, Sept. 8, at the Danforth Art Museum. Juried by Francine Weiss, Curator and Loupe Editor at the Photographic Resource Center, a total of 44 artists were chosen for this highly selective exhibition, including seven NESOP alumni and faculty members. 

Free admission, 12-5pm - check it out! 

#photography #newengland #art #bostonart #artopening #photographygallery #newenglandart #metrowestboston, Ever wondered about the glamorous behind-the-scenes life of a NESOP student about to graduate and enter the real world?

Oran Khanyalucksakun ('13) chronicles the excitement in his video 'Last Day at NESOP'., TONIGHT! NESOP's own Special Projects Manager / '93 alum, Tony Sahadeo will have his recent work for the The Jamaica Plain Music Festival shown at Q Salon & Spa in JP from 6-8pm.

This collection of photos highlights select artists who will be performing at the 2013 JP Music Festival this weekend.  Reception beverages sponsored by Portico Brewing Company., Congratulations to Asia Kepka ('94), her work was selected for inclusion in the 4th Annual Filter Photo Festival Juried Exhibition, 'Mapping: borders, bodies, memories.' 

Juried by Paula Tognarelli, Executive Director for the Griffin Museum of Photography, the festival takes place later this month in Chicago, IL.
 
Exhibition Dates: September 19th – October 6th
Opening Reception: Thursday September 26, 6:30PM, NESOP instructors Bill Franson and Ron Cowie, and alum Mara Brod are among the artists selected for the Nave Gallery's Somerville Toy Camera Fest, juried by Isa Leshko., Opening Reception next Thursday, Sept. 12, at Panopticon Gallery for THREE new shows, each including work from a number of NESOP faculty members and alumni, among other talented artists:

Main Gallery - On First Contact, a group exhibition of contact prints and contact sheets. 
Private Room - What I Did On My Summer Vacation, a juried group exhibition curated by Jim Fitts of Photoweenie and Anne DeVito of Panopticon Gallery. 
Emerging Artist | FEATURED Corner - A selection of emerging artists curated by Michael J. DeMeo, founder of No Thoughts Magazine., NESOP instructor / '08 alum Caleb Cole is one of 3 artists featured in 'Framed: Identity and the Photographic Portrait', an exhibition opening today at the Photographic Resource Center.

Opening Reception: Thursday, Sept. 12, 6:30pm.

#photographyexhibition #bostonphotography #photographygallery #art #artgallery #photography #bostonevents #nesop #prc, Breaking Into the Fine Art Photo World with Blake Fitch:

This workshop offers insights into the fine art photography market, providing guidelines on how to get your foot in the door. This is an 8-week course, focusing on assisting students in creating a fine art portfolio, exploring effective ways to promote their work, and the importance of building lasting relationships in the industry.

#fineart #fineartphotography #photography #photographyworkshop #bostonphotography #adulteducation, This Saturday, 'Downtown Geometry & Monoliths' opens at Panopticon Imaging in Rockland, MA, featuring work from two local artists, including 2013 NESOP grad Alena Kuzub.

Exhibition: Sept. 7th - Oct. 31st. 
Opening Reception: Sept. 7th, 3-6pm., Tickets still available for the movie presentation of 'In No Great Hurry - 13 Lessons in Life with Saul Leiter' at the Kendall Square Cinema on Sept. 10th.
  
"Leiter could have been lauded as the great pioneer of colour photography, but was never driven by the lure of success. An intimate and personal film, 'In No Great Hurry' follows him as he deals with the triple burden of cleaning an apartment full of memories, becoming world famous in the 80's and fending off a pesky film maker.", As a follow up to yesterday's post, check out Part II of StoneCrop Gallery's blog which focuses on recent NESOP grad Greg Norstrom and his role as both artist, and Stephen Sheffield's mentee in 'Pass This On.', NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography is featured in StoneCrop Gallery's blog for his work in their current exhibition, 'Pass This On,' where he has the dual role of artist/mentor-to-fellow-artist, Greg Norstrom ('13)., Interested in taking a Darkroom Workshop this fall?  In this video, instructor Nick Johnson will help you decide which course is best suited to you, based on your needs and experience level. 
#darkroom #photography #photographyworkshops #adulteducation #bostonphotography #printmaking #boston, ALUMNI: Last day to submit proposals for the NESOP advertising campaign job. Submissions close at noon tomorrow, Weds., Aug. 28th.

"NESOP is looking for a Professional Photography Program graduate to produce three images for our 2014 MBTA advertising campaign - accepting proposals on ideas and budget. For full project details please visit the JOBS section of the NESOP Alumni Portal.", This fall, NESOP offers 3 levels of Creative Lighting workshops - watch the video below to find out which course is right for you, then register by Sept. 13 to receive $30 off of your tuition!

Creative Lighting I: http://bit.ly/UIe389
Creative Lighting II: http://bit.ly/Z0cZEP
Creative Lighting III: http://bit.ly/MxzELk

#lighting #creativelighting #photography #photographylighting #lightingworkshop #photographyworkshops #nesop #boston, The Danforth Art Museum's 2013 New England Photography Biennial opens Sept. 8, showcasing innovative work by both established and emerging artists. A total of 44 photographers were selected for inclusion in this prestigious exhibition, among them, seven NESOP alumni/faculty: Brenda Bancel Photography ('11),Yorgos Efthymiadis ('13), Amy Giese ('06/faculty), Keiko Hiromi ('05), Asia Kepka ('94), Samuel Quinn ('09), and  Stephen Sheffield Photography (faculty)., Still a couple of weeks left for you to see 'Dress Up' at Panopticon Gallery. Exhibition is open through Sept., 10th and features work from NESOP alums Eileen Clynes Photography ('12) and Keiko Hiromi ('05) - check it out while you still can!, This fall we are offering two iPhone Photography workshops - the first beginning in September, the second beginning in October. Both will run on Wednesday evenings with instructor Amy Giese.

Register before Sept. 13th to save $25 on your tuition!, Did you take a photo of your dinner before eating it tonight? 

Intro to Food Photography w/ Chris Vaccaro meets on Monday nights this fall - students will learn simple and effective lighting techniques, how to create a concept, the importance of styling, and how to pick the right backgrounds and props.  Come creative and hungry!, This fall, NESOP offers several opportunities to learn from award-winning documentary photographer, Michael Hintlian. Michael’s work has been widely published and exhibited all over the world. Register for one of the following 3 workshops by Sept. 13th to receive $25 off tuition: 

The Documentary Project I: http://bit.ly/OKmfDk
The Documentary Project II: http://bit.ly/1560d84
Urban Landscape: http://bit.ly/M1rEre, Panopticon Imaging in Rockland, MA presents 'Downtown Geometry & Monoliths' featuring work from two local artists, including '13 NESOP grad Alena Kuzub. 

Exhibition runs from Sept. 7th - Oct. 31st. Opening Reception on Saturday, Sept. 7th from 3-6pm., ALUMNI: NESOP is hiring!

NESOP is looking for a Professional Photography Program graduate to produce three images for our 2014 MBTA advertising campaign - accepting proposals on ideas and budget until noon on Aug. 28, 2013. For full project details, please visit the JOBS section of the NESOP Alumni Portal., Street Photography I with Bill Franson brings students onto the streets of Boston to capture the pulse of the city. Discussions will cover both the history and practice of street photography and will focus on such topics as approaching strangers, candid, unobtrusive and confrontational shooting techniques, controlling light and exposure on the street and telling the story you observe or choose to create from your surroundings., NESOP '12 alums Chelsea Kyle and Libby Gowen are featured in "Surreal", an exhibition that explores surrealism through the mediums of painting and photography, presented by Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery.

Exhibition opens tomorrow, August 20th.  Opening reception is Saturday, September 7th, 7-9pm., NEW! iPhone Photography Workshop 

Do you have an iPhone?  Do you find yourself using it more often to take photographs than to make calls? Unleash your creativity and explore the capabilities of the camera that is always in your pocket!  

#iphone #iphoneography #photography #workshop #adulteducation #boston #instagram #cellphone, Still space available in our 2-year Professional Photography Program - classes begin October 2013.

Admission to the Professional Photography Program at NESOP is your first step toward becoming a professional photographer.

#photographyschool #artschool #photography #learnphotography #college #advertising #portraits #wedding #fashion #editorial #documentary #VJ #creativeimaging #fineart #blackandwhitephotography #colorphotography, Stephen Sheffield Photography is the October Guest Host & Lead Presenter of 'Surreal Night' at the Photographic Resource Center on Tuesday, 10/22/13.

The PRC's Surreal Night series is open to all photographers producing work with disorienting, hallucinatory, or dream-like qualities, unreal imagery, or inspired by Jerry Uelsmann and/or Man Ray., ALUMNI: NESOP is hiring!

NESOP is looking for a Professional Photography Program graduate to produce three images for our 2014 transit advertising campaign - accepting proposals on ideas and budget until noon on Aug. 28, 2013.  For full project details, visit the JOBS section of the NESOP Alumni Portal: https://www.nesop.com/apa_default.asp, Blake Fitch and visiting guests will offer insights into the fine art photography market and provide guidelines on how to get your foot in the door. Having been a curator, museum director, and photographer, Blake has a unique understanding of what it takes to “make it” in the photo world.  #photographyworkshop #photography #workshop #fineart #fineartphotography #boston #art, Introduction to Food Photography!

This new 10-week workshop will introduce students to the exciting world of food photography. From advertising to editorial, travel and lifestyle to social media smartphone photography, all areas of food photography will be explored.  Register before 9/13 to save $30 off tuition cost. #photography #foodphotography #photographyworkshops #bostonfood #bostonphotography #food, The Fall 2013 Photographic Workshop Schedule is now OPEN for registration!

Register now to get into the class you want and take advantage of the early registration discount!  
#photography #photographyworkshops #workshops #boston #learnphotography, Looking for something to do this weekend? Tomorrow, StoneCrop Gallery in York, ME hosts an opening reception for 'Pass This On: An exhibition of photography showcasing the aesthetic results of artistic mentorship' - this show features several local photographers, including NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography and NESOP alums Greg Norstrom '13 and Samuel Quinn '09. 

Saturday, August 10 | 4-6pm | StoneCrop Gallery., Congratulations to NESOP Architectural Photography instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY - six (6!) of his images were selected as winners of The EPSON International Pano Awards, the largest competition for panoramic photography worldwide.  Keitaro's award winning images will be exhibited in Australia this Fall. 

#photography #epson #awards #panorama #panoramic #panoramicphotography #architecturalphotography, Take the first step toward a career in professional photography by coming to our Open House this Saturday from 11a-2p. Learn about our courses, meet our faculty, tour the facilities, and more!

August 10, 2013 | 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston.

#photography #photographyschool #learnphotography #film #artschool #digitalphotography #analogphotography #boston #creativearts #career #education #photographer, The artists selected for 'What I Did On My Summer Vacation', a juried exhibition curated by Jim Fitts, editor of Photoweenie, and Anne DeVito, co-owner of Panopticon Gallery, include NESOP faculty members Bill Franson, Michael Hintlian and Stephen Sheffield, recent graduates Brenda Bancel ('11) and Daniella Rascon ('11), as well as several workshop students and friends of the NESOP community. Congratulations to all participating artists!

Opening Reception | Sept. 12th | 5:30-7:30pm | 502c Comm. Ave., Upcoming exhibition 'Pass this On: A Photography Exhibition Showcasing the Aesthetic Results of Artistic Mentoring' at StoneCrop Gallery features 14 artists, including NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography and NESOP alums Samuel Quinn '09 and Greg Norstrom '13. 

On view from Aug. 7th through Sept. 7th, opening reception is this Saturday, Aug. 10th, 4-6pm | 805 Shore Road, York, ME.

#mentor #photography #gallery #exhibition #art #newengland #boston #nesop #yorkmaine #eventsboston, Photos from the Opening Reception for 'Exposing Tradition' at the FPAC Gallery at 300 Summer Street; a black & white photography exhibition featuring work by 8 NESOP graduates from the class of 2013., Looking to make a move in your career? The New England Museum Association has compiled an extensive list of local museum and gallery employment openings with opportunities available in Curation, Exhibition Design, Education, Management, Marketing and more., REMINDER: Tonight | Exposing Tradition | 5-8p | FPAC Gallery at 300 Summer Street, Boston., The Griffin Museum of Photography presents The 2013 Focus Awards on Saturday, October 19th.

The Focus Awards recognize individuals making critical contributions to the promotion, curation and presentation of photography. These awards celebrate the people and organizations instrumental in building greater awareness of the photographic arts in the general public., Tomorrow night from 5-9pm the FPAC Gallery at 300 Summer Street will host an opening reception for 'Exposing Tradition', an exhibition featuring the black & white photography work of 8 NESOP graduates from the class of 2013: Greg Norstrom, Tim Bartlett, Oran Khanyalucksakun, Grace Taylor, Casey Altaffer, Zachery Holme, Hannah Hayes, and Alena Kuzub. 

#blackandwhite #photography #exhibition #opening #boston #bostonart #emergingartists #fortpointarts #gallery, The Danforth Art Museum has announced the winners of their 2013 New England Photography Biennial. Juried by Francine Weiss, Curator and Loupe Editor at the Photographic Resource Center, a total of 44 artists were selected from 250.

Congratulations to the following NESOP alums and faculty for being among this highly selective group of artists:

- Brenda Bancel, '11
- Yorgos Efthymiadis, '13
- Amy Giese, '06 / faculty
- Keiko Hiromi, '05
- Asia Kepka, '94
- Samuel Quinn, '09
- Stephen Sheffield, faculty

To see a full list of selected artists and works: http://bit.ly/18PCuNj
To learn more about the New England Photography Biennial, follow the link below., NESOP '11 alum Catalina Piedrahita Photography and the team at The Middle Gray have released their first issue of Middle Gray Magazine.

The Middle Gray is an arts organization that supports emerging artists by giving them space and opportunities to showcase their work while being fairly compensated.  Their newly launched magazine is a quarterly online publication featuring work from emerging artists in various disciplines including visual arts, music, literature and performing arts.  This issue features work from a dozen artists, including Eileen Clynes Photography '12 - check it out!, Upcoming exhibition featuring work from several NESOP alums, faculty members and friends: 'Mentors and Mentees' is open August 7th - September 7th at StoneCrop Gallery.

Opening reception for this exhibition is August 10th from 4-6PM.

#photography #gallery #exhibition #art #newengland #boston, Juried by Kathy Ryan of The New York Times Magazine, the Griffin Museum of Photography's 19th Annual Juried exhibition features work from more than 40 artists, including 2013 NESOP graduate, Alena Kuzub., This Thursday, 8/1 from 5-9pm the FPAC Gallery at 300 Summer Street will host an opening reception for 'Exposing Tradition', an exhibition featuring the work of 8 NESOP graduates from the class of 2013: Greg Norstrom, Tim Bartlett, Oran Khanyalucksakun, Grace Taylor, Casey Altaffer, Zachery Holme, Hannah Hayes, and Alena Kuzub. 

For more information, and to RSVP to this event: http://www.facebook.com/events/223248687822392/ 

#photography #gallery #exhibition #bostonart #opening, If you're an artist living and working in the Northeastern United States, you can submit your work to Cambridge Art Association's Red Biennial, a "color show" that switches between red and blue every two years.

Learn more about how you can submit your work, below. #cambridgeartassociation #redbiennial #northeastopenshow, Submission deadline for the Somerville Toy Camera Fest is one week from today, Weds. July 24th., (re)opening party for 'Dress Up' at Panopticon Gallery to celebrate the extension of this exhibition through September 10th.  Exhibition features work from NESOP alums Eileen Clynes '12 and Keiko Hiromi '05, as well as Rick Ashley, and Finland-based duo Atelieri O. Haapala., NESOP is proud to announce the launch of our new Alumni Portal.

The alumni portal is an easy way for our graduates to access job leads, stay connected with fellow alumni, learn about calls for entry, and more., Still space available in our 2-day intensive Speedlights & Sunlight workshop taking place on Saturday July 27 - Sunday July 28 with Steve Ostrowski.

"A Speedlight is your own private sun. Use yours with the one in the sky for control, problem solving, and effect. Using flash with sunlight can solve technical issues and unlock creativity. Take a studio approach outdoors. See how a Speedlight can tame bright midday sun and add drama to the dullest of overcast day.", This Thursday, July 18, the Griffin Museum of Photography will host an Opening Reception for their 19th Annual Juried Exhibition.

Juried by Kathy Ryan of The New York Times Magazine, this exhibit features work from more than 40 artists, including 2013 NESOP graduate, Alena Kuzub.

7:00pm | 67 Shore Road, Winchester, MA., Students from Stephen Sheffield Photography's Black & White class at the Opening Reception for their exhibition at Panopticon Gallery - May, 2013., TONIGHT! (re)opening party for 'Dress Up' to celebrate the extension of this exhibition through September 10th.

Exhibition features work from NESOP alums Eileen Clynes Photography '12 and Keiko Hiromi '05, as well as Rick Ashley, and Finland-based duo Atelieri O. Haapala.  

5:30-7:30pm | 502c Commonwealth Ave., Boston., Opening reception tomorrow night for 'Portraits in Contemporary Photography' from 5-8pm at the Drift Gallery, Portsmouth, NH.

Exhibition features work from NESOP alums Asia Kepka '94 and Caleb Cole '08., Beginning one week from tonight on July 16, 'Digital Camera I' is an introductory course designed to demystify your digital SLR, giving you a strong foundation in understanding and using the basic functions of your digital camera.  

Class will run Tuesday evenings from 6:00 - 8:30pm for 8 weeks. Discounted tuition rate available for full payment received by Friday, July 12., CAMP PHOTO: Editing & Printing Your Digital Images | July 2013:

During this week-long course, teens aged 15-18 will learn to organize, develop and print their digital photographs. Using Adobe Photoshop Lightroom professional software, students will begin to unleash the potential in their photographs., 2nd-term February students have their Black & White work critiqued by instructor Bill Franson., THIS WEEKEND ONLY! 

'The Dirty Dozen: 12 Essential Truths about Light and Exposure': 12 topics to solidify your foundations in exposure for digital photography - master the truths about exposure to instill more confidence in your photography and ensure more consistent results even in challenging situations., On Thursday, July 18, the Griffin Museum of Photography will host an Opening Reception for their 19th Annual Juried Exhibition.  

Juried by Kathy Ryan of The New York Times Magazine, this exhibit features work from more than 40 artists, including 2013 NESOP graduate, Alena Kuzub.

7:00pm | 67 Shore Road, Winchester, MA., Due to its popularity, we've added an additional section of 'Digital Camera I' to our summer evening workshops. Beginning July 16th, this course will run Tuesday evenings from 6:00 - 8:30pm for 8 weeks.

Discounted tuition rate available for registration and full payment received by 07/12/13., One week from today, Panopticon Gallery hosts '(re)Dress Up', a reception and summer gallery party featuring the work of Keiko Hiromi, Eileen Clynes, Rick Ashley and Atelieri O. Haapala. 

July 12 | 5:30-7:30pm | 502c Commonwealth Ave, Boston., NESOP will be closed Thursday, July 4th and Friday, July 5th in observance of Independence Day.  We will re-open for business on Saturday, July 6th., Opening reception for NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography's exhibition, "No Interruptions" at the StoneCrop Gallery on Saturday July 13th from 4-6pm., Presented by the Nave Gallery and Washington Street Art Center, and juried by Isa Leshko Photography, the 1st Annual Somerville Toy Camera Fest takes place this August through September and includes 3 exhibitions.

Deadline for submissions is July 24th - follow their page below for updates and more info!, null, STILL SPACE AVAILABLE IN NESOP’s CAMP PHOTO | JULY & AUGUST SESSIONS!

A summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18 who want to experiment with their photographic visions and immerse themselves in the world of digital photography.  For more info: https://www.nesop.com/high_school_programming.asp, Due to the positive public response to 'Dress Up', Panopticon Gallery will host a (re)opening party on Friday, July 12th from 5:30-7:30pm to celebrate the extension of this exhibition through September 10th.

Featuring work from NESOP grads Eileen Clynes '12 and Keiko Hiromi '05, as well as Rick Ashley, and Finland-based duo Atelieri O. Haapala - don't miss out!, Just prior to graduation, NESOP 2nd year students have the opportunity to meet with industry professionals to expand their network and have their portfolios critiqued., Beginning next Tuesday (7/2) at 6pm, 'Architectural Photography' with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY is a 10-week evening workshop where students will learn to create dynamic images of architectural interiors and exteriors and will begin to understand the array of creative possibilities when approaching architectural subjects.

Prerequisites: Digital Camera I or equivalent experience., Visit the NESOP blog to watch the Class of 2013 Commencement Address from '07 alum Tara Morris, co-owner of Hitched Studios and recipient of this year's Alumni Achievement Award.  

Video by Long Haul Films., "Why don't you take a picture? It'll last longer."

Still space available in our 'Street Photography' workshop with Bill Franson beginning this Saturday, 6/29: http://bit.ly/strtphtgrphy, Introducing: The Class of 2013, Tomorrow is your LAST CHANCE to take advantage of our early registration discount on workshops!  There is still space available in many of our classes, including these introductory level ones:

- Basic Color Darkroom: http://bit.ly/BscClrDkrm
- Creative Imaging I: http://bit.ly/CrtvImgI
- Adobe Lightroom: http://bit.ly/AdbLtrm, After having his image used without permission or attribution, a photographer is suing Buzzfeed for $3.6 million, citing that they aren't only responsible for their own misuse, but for all the other instances of it being stolen once scraped from their content., This summer, NESOP is offering 2 workshops with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY: 'Architectural Photography' and 'Architectural Photography on Location'.

Students will learn to create dynamic images of architectural interiors and exteriors in each of these 10-week workshops. Register by tomorrow to receive $30 off of the full-tuition price., This summer, we're offering 4 levels of Creative Lighting Workshops - find the one that best suits your experience and serves your creative lighting needs. 

 #photography #photographyschool #workshop #boston #lighting, This could be you in June 2015 - now accepting applications for October 2013 enrollment: https://www.nesop.com/admissions.asp, Photographers: Are you looking for an opportunity to exhibit your work in Boston?

Anne DeVito and Jim Fitts are jurying: What I Did On My Summer Vacation.
--A 4-month long group exhibition at Panopticon Gallery 
--An online gallery of the work
--Featured on Photoweenie.com
--3 Jurors' Selection Awards, Capturing the image is just the beginning - in our Adobe Photoshop Lightroom Workshop with Adam Krauth, you will learn to use and customize Lightroom’s image organization system and work with the vast array of image development tools, allowing you to achieve the highest possible professional quality in your final images.  Wednesday evenings from 6-9pm, beginning June 26th., Congratulations to the Class of 2013!, It's Graduation Day at NESOP!  Best of luck to the Class of 2013!, With the hopes of discovering what's next for him, photographer, writer and local educator Randall Armor attended the 'New England Portfolio Reviews' presented by the Photographic Resource Center and the Griffin Museum of Photography this past weekend and shared his experience with PetaPixel, including his review session with NESOP instructor Michael Hintlian.

"Hintlian, whose work I have admired for many years, gave me perhaps the strongest specific critique of all the reviewers...I promised him that I’d go home later and try it his way. I did, and he was right.", If you haven't had a chance to check out 'Dress Up' at Panopticon Gallery yet, Big Red & Shiny recently reviewed the show and urges readers to check it out for themselves.

"If you’re in the mood for Neo-Victorian drag iconography torn from the pages of comic book fantasies (and, let’s face it, who isn’t?), then Dress Up should be your next destination.", null, Industry Networking Day for 2nd year students is tomorrow, June 12th.  This year, we're excited to welcome the following panel of local industry professionals to NESOP:

- Dana Berenson, Owner, StoneCrop Gallery
- Tanya Mathis, Director of Art Buying, Fidelity Investments
- Scott Lacey, Photo Editor at Boston Magazine
- Paula Tognarelli, Executive Director, Griffin Museum of Photography
- Lou Jones, Owner, Lou Jones Photography
- Jason Landry, Owner, Panopticon Gallery
- Jim Scherer, Owner, Jim Scherer Photography
- Bob Packert, Owner, PACKERT PHOTOGRAPHY
- Lynne Damianos, Owner, Damianos Photography
- Francine Weiss, Curator, Photographic Resource Center, Are you on Instagram? Follow NESOP to see what's happening behind the scenes!, Images from the Class of 2013 Portfolio Reviews., NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography has been nominated for  The Art Commission CoD+A Awards for his “KPMG Centennial Commission” work, a mixed media collage commissioned by KPMG for their new office in Boston, MA.

"The CoD+A Awards were established to celebrate design projects that demonstrate the most successful integration of commissioned art into an interior or architectural space. The Awards recognize the importance of collaboration, and honor the design and art professionals whose collective imaginations create the public and private spaces that inspire us.", In conjunction with graduation, the Class of 2013 Graduate Exhibition opens next Friday at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. The image selected for this year's poster is by Arielle Simmons.

This exhibition will be open to the public through August 16, 2013.  537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., Opening Reception for "Can You Hear Me Now?: An exhibition of cellphone photography" at the StoneCrop Gallery is this Saturday, June 8th from 4-6pm.

Exhibition includes work from a number of NESOP faculty and alums - all images are available for purchase online and at the gallery., '12 NESOP grad Somerby Jones has been working with Jill Rosenwald, designer & manufacturer of handmade, stylish table-top goods, photographing their new product, 'the Jilly Cup', whose colors were inspired by Wes Anderson.

"With some direction and brainstorming with their amazing designer, I was allowed to hit the ground running and be creative - the result has now hit the homepage of their site and blog. This feels like a huge step forward for me in my photography career."

To see more of Somer's work with this client, check out her blog at: http://bit.ly/10WhTxT, Registration for Summer Photography Workshops is now open - we offer classes at every experience level in a variety of areas of study.

Register by June 21st to receive the early tuition rate! For a full schedule of courses offered, visit: http://bit.ly/SummerWorkshops13, 2013 Portfolio Reviews: Day 1 is officially in the books.  

Congratulations to all students who were reviewed today and good luck to those presenting tomorrow!, THIS THURSDAY: Exposure 2013 Opening Reception at the Photographic Resource Center.

"From a submission pool of 211 photographers, Juror Karen Haas selected work by eight contemporary photographers to comprise the eighteenth iteration of this show. Come see the fabulous work of this year's featured artists."

June 6th, 6:30-8pm.  832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., Featured in the current issue of DigBoston:  Panopticon Gallery's exhibition 'Dress Up', featuring work from Eileen Clynes ('12) and Keiko Hiromi ('05)., First year students met with NESOP instructors to learn more about the classes available to them as 2nd year students., The Summer 2013 Photographic Workshop Schedule is
NOW OPEN for Registration!

Classes begin the week of June 24th, 2013, register by June 21st to receive the early-tuition discount. Follow the link below to see a full schedule of classes offered and easily register online., In his latest blog post, photographer and NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo shares his expert insights on making great family portraits.

"Family portraits are just as relevant today as they ever have been. Honoring that relevance for the families who invest in my knowledge, craft, and experience has been one of the most important gifts of a career in photography.", JUNE 8th: Join the Griffin Museum of Photography and the Photographic Resource Center for their Portfolio Walk & Reception following the NE Portfolio Reviews!

The public is invited to attend this walk and reception to celebrate the New England photography community. Come view the work of photographers participating in NEPR and meet the reviewers on Saturday following the afternoon reviews. Light refreshments and cash bar., TOMORROW NIGHT: Anne DeVito, co-owner of Panopticon Gallery, hosts the inaugural Ladies Night from 6-8pm.

The evening will include artist talks from photographers / NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Eileen Clynes ('12), as well as discussion about the role and importance of women as artists and collectors., On June 1-2 you can take part in Location Lighting Workshops with Rick Friedman. Don't miss a great opportunity to take part in this intensive, hands-on, interactive seminar with an award-winning photographer., CALL FOR ENTRY: Deadline, June 20, 2013.

Photographer and NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography will jury this self-portrait call for entry, 'Alter Ego', where he will select up to 25 images for display in the main gallery, and up to an additional 35 to be included in the online gallery. All images will be reproduced in an exhibition catalogue available for purchase. A Juror’s Choice and Director’s Choice will also be announced.

All photographic media are encouraged., Students of Chris Vaccaro Photography spent a couple of days on fashion shoots in Gloucester, MA and Boston's Chinatown district., Congratulations to '05 NESOP graduate, Keiko Hiromi - she was recently awarded one of the 2013 Massachusetts Cultural Council Artist Fellowships in Photography.

"MCC's Artist Fellowships recognize exceptional work by Massachusetts artists across a range of disciplines. These highly competitive awards provide artists crucial validation among their peers and the public. They catalyze artistic advancement and pave the way for creative innovation of enduring cultural value.", Photographer and NESOP Architectural Photography instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY has his work featured in the latest issue of Boston Magazine as part of their photo preview of the Massachusetts College of Art and Design Student Fashion Show. 

To see more of his images and to read the full article: http://bit.ly/10FGPt8, Registration for the 2013 New England Portfolio Reviews ends at midnight tonight! 

Presented by the Griffin Museum of Photography and the Photographic Resource Center, New England Portfolio Reviews is an opportunity for emerging and established photographers to meet with curators, teachers, gallerists, and other image professionals. 

NEPR will be held June 7-8, 2013 at Boston University - don't miss out!, 2nd year NESOP student Yorgos Efthymiadis had his entry selected for the semi-final round of the 2013 Adobe Design Achievement Awards.

This is the 2nd year in a row that Yorgos has had an image selected for this contest - to see more of his work, visit his website at: www.yorgosphoto.com., NOW OPEN: 'Take a Walk in My Shoes' presented by TAKE 5 Foundation at the Photographic Resource Center through Saturday, May 25th.  Opening Reception is this Thursday, 5/23 from 6-8pm.

Come see the world through the creative eyes of five middle school children and two Take 5 alums. Given cameras for a year under the guidance of professional photographer and '11 NESOP alum, Brenda Bancel Photography, these Epiphany School students explored the medium on their own terms.

832 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., LADIES! Do you collect art? Do you want to collect art?

'Women and Collecting' hosted by Anne DeVito, co-owner of Panopticon Gallery, introduces the inaugural Ladies Night on Thursday May 30th from 6:00 - 8:00pm.

The evening will include artist talks from NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi ('05) and Eileen Clynes ('12), both of whom have work on display as part of the gallery's Dress Up exhibition, and discussion about the role and importance of women as artists and collectors., Opening Reception for 'Dress Up' at Panopticon Gallery including work from NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi '05 and Eileen Clynes '12.  Featured in the Private Room: Photographs by NESOP students in Stephen Sheffield's Black & White class., NESOP alum Catalina Piedrahita Photography ('11) and current students Oran Khanyalucksakun and P.J. Couture all had work selected for the PhotoPlace Gallery SELF PORTRAIT exhibition opening tomorrow, Tuesday 5/21, juried by Caleb Cole ('08). 

"For SELF PORTRAIT, Caleb chose 40 photographs for display through June 15.  He also selected 35 additional photographs for the gallery's Online Annex. All selected work will be included in a full-color exhibition catalog available for purchase."

Artist Reception: June 14th, 5-7 pm., TONIGHT: Opening reception for 'Dress Up' at Panopticon Gallery including work from NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi '05 and Eileen Clynes '12.

Featured in the Private Room: Photographs by NESOP students in Stephen Sheffield Photography's Black & White class. 

5:30pm. 502c Commonwealth Ave, Boston, MA., This weekend, NESOP Dean of Students Marty Hassell performs with The Outer Cape Chorale, a 130-person non-profit organization based in Provincetown, MA, dedicated to "bringing their joy of singing to as many people as possible."  

Admission is free, check them out if you plan on being on the outer Cape this weekend!, NESOP instructor / '06 graduate, Amy Giese, was selected to attend the Center Portfolio Review event taking place June 6-9th in Santa Fe, NM.

In addition, two of her murals were selected for a group exhibition, 're: Conceptualising Vision', curated by Jim Ramer, as part of the Auckland Festival of Photography - to see her work, visit her website at: http://www.amygiese.com/, TOMORROW NIGHT!  Opening reception for 'Dress Up' at Panopticon Gallery including work from NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi '05 and Eileen Clynes '12.

Featured in the Private Room: Photographs by NESOP students in Stephen Sheffield's Black & White class. 

And if that isn't enough to convince you - all proceeds from Annie's Tip Jar Fund will be donated to the Griffin Museum of Photography Inc!  Have fun, see art, do good - it's pretty simple., As NESOP students prepare for their June 2013 graduation, Architectural Photography instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY takes a few minutes to share his thoughts on the most important elements for an emerging photographer in developing a marketing and business plan., Laura Pineda's Portraiture students spent a day shooting at Castle Island in South Boston., We're on Vine!  Follow us for some behind-the-scenes action, 6 intense seconds at a time., One week from tonight: Panopticon Gallery's next exhibition 'Dress Up' opens in the Main Gallery and includes work from NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi '05 and Eileen Clynes '12. 

Featured in the Private Room: Photographs by NESOP students in Stephen Sheffield's Black & White class. 

In the meantime, stop by and check out the current exhibition this week while you still can - open through May 13th!, Flash Forward Festival events & exhibitions happening in and around Boston this week:

Thursday at 6:30pm - Exhibition Opening, Undergraduate Photography Now: A Celebration of New England's Best Student Photographers 

Friday at 11:00am - Neal Rantoul: A Life in Photography 
Friday at 6:00pm - Exhibition Opening: Young NE Photographers 

Saturday at  6:00pm - Exhibition Opening: [Photo]gogues: New England, CALL FOR ARTWORK!  Submissions are open to ALL ARTISTS. Submit by Midnight EST, May 8 to: transitionsartshow@gmail.com.

'Transitions' is a collaborative art show to benefit  The One Fund Boston. Artists will be able to sell their artwork and donate all or a % of the proceeds to The One Fund. There will also be donation jars for people to contribute to. The purpose of The One Fund is to raise money to help the families most affected by the tragic events that occurred during the Boston Marathon., Photos from artist Fran Forman's visit with Sue Anne Hodges Creative Imaging Arts class.   

Her work is in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum (NASM, Washington, DC) and the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston.  She is represented by Panopticon Gallery (Boston), Afterimage Gallery (Dallas), Susan Spiritus Gallery (Newport Beach, CA), and High Noon Art and Culture (Beijing). 

Fran is a featured artist in Photoshop Masking and Compositing, by Katrin Eismann, Sean Duggan, and Jim Porto, published in 2012., Help support some young photographers: Opening Reception for 'Take a Walk in My Shoes' presented by TAKE 5 Foundation is May 23rd from 6-8pm at the Photographic Resource Center. 

Come see the world through the creative eyes of five middle school children and two Take 5 alums. Given cameras for a year under the guidance of professional photographer and '11 NESOP alum, Brenda Bancel Photography, these Epiphany School students explored the medium on their own terms.

Exhibition is May 21st-25th, 832 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., Still some space available in our Introduction to Digital Darkroom and RAW Processing Workshop!  

Beginning Saturday May 18th and running for 6 weeks, this introductory course with instructor Ashley McDowell will help you maximize the potential of your digital photographs.  Learn how to create the highest quality photographs by taking advantage of new and improved global and local adjustments in Adobe Camera Raw for your RAW and JPG captures., 2nd year NESOP student Oran Khanlayalucksakun created this video documenting NESOP's recent New York Architectural Photography Workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY - check out his Vimeo page to see this, and more of his work!, Beginning today, there are a number of pre-festival events and exhibitions for The Magenta Foundation's Flash Forward Festival, including: 'Undergraduate Photography Now: A Celebration of New England's Best Student Photographers' on May 9th, 'Young New England Photographers', May 10th and '[Photo]gouges New England', a sampling of New England faculty members who are linked by their pedagogy, including NESOP instructor Blake Fitch, on May 11th., Panopticon Gallery's next exhibition 'Dress Up' opens May 15th in the Main Gallery and includes work from NESOP alums Keiko Hiromi '05 and Eileen Clynes '12.  Featured in the Private Room:  Photographs by students in Stephen Sheffield's Black & White class. 

In the meantime, stop by and check out the current exhibition while you still can - open now through May 13th!, The new Calumet Photo Boston location has a gallery space where they'll be exhibiting work from local photographers.
    
Tonight they kick things off with an opening reception for "Rock ’n’ Roll Parents: Portraits of Rockers With Their Kids" by Kelly Davidson Photography.  6-9PM, 150 First Street, Cambridge., Adding to the list of NESOP 2nd year students who are dominating the photography world this month, Greg Norstrom is Colortek of Boston's Featured Artist for May, 2013.

"Under advisors Erin Carey and Stephen Sheffield Photography, Norstrom has experimented with medium and large format cameras as well as alternative processes such as liquid emulsion.  Although these mediums produce varied results, one can see the common threads throughout the small bodies of work, suggesting his strong interest in the human psyche, mortality and social landscape.", Congratulations to NESOP 2nd year student, Yorgos Efthymiadis - he has been selected as the MAC-on-Campus.com Featured Student of the Month for May, 2013.

"Lines and shapes surround us. Light sculpts a path with its slightest touch, creating unique forms and patterns that change instantly, from one moment to the other. Capturing these moments is my passion. Every building has a story to tell." - Yorgos Efthymiadis, on Black & White Architecture Photography, The Magenta Foundation's 3rd Annual 'Flash Forward Festival' takes place this month at the Fairmont Battery Wharf.

Flash Forward Festival provides opportunities for all photography enthusiasts, including curated indoor and outdoor exhibitions, galleries throughout Boston, a Harborwalk exhibition series featuring work from local galleries, along with lectures, panel discussions, and nightly events., NESOP’s CAMP PHOTO is a summer workshop for high school students ages 15-18 who want to experiment with their photographic visions.  This summer's program is for high school students who are looking to immerse themselves in the world of digital photography.

Register by May 31st to receive the discounted early tuition rate.  For more information and to see the schedule:  http://bit.ly/CampPhoto, NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo is selling an image via his Etsy store for $26.20 in an effort to help raise money for the The One Fund Boston.  All of the proceeds from this print will be donated to the OneFundBoston until May 15th.
 
After May 15th, the money generated from sales of this image will be donated to Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center - Ron will be running the New York Marathon this November 3rd for Fred's Team - MSKCC., Still space available for 'Lightroom Intensive Weekend' - this Saturday + Sunday with Sue Anne Hodges Photography:

This intensive, information packed two-day workshop will immerse students into Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and reveal how this powerful software is an essential tool for photographers, helping them to create an effective and efficient workflow.

Prerequisite: This software-based class requires students to have comfort and proficiency with general computer skills., Congratulations to the following NESOP students on receiving awards in the Boston Press Photographers Association 2012 College Contest!

News - 3rd Place - Jeremiah Robinson
Feature - 2nd Honorable Mention - Alena Kuzub
Portrait - 2nd Place - Alena Kuzub
Story - 1st Place - Arielle Simmons
Story - 2nd Place - Jeremiah Robinson, THIS WEEKEND, 5/4 & 5/5:  Bend it, Baby! Creative Image-Making with Lensbaby Lenses.

This 2-day intensive workshop with Laura Pineda is a how-to for those who have never tried a Lensbaby or perfect for photographers who may have tried them, but not yet mastered the art of using these exciting lenses. All students will be equipped with a “loaner lens” directly from Lensbaby during class time., Opening reception for Thad Russell's exhibition 'Promised Land' at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions. 

Thad Russell has spent the last 10 years photographing from Las Vegas to the Central Valley of California, the Mojave Desert to Southern Florida, examining what he describes as “locations of the American Dream.”, Join award-winning photographer Stephen Dupont at the exhibition opening reception and book signing for "Papua New Guinea Portraits and Diaries" Thursday, May 2, 2013 at the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology, 5:00 - 7:00pm.  http://on.fb.me/ZVLN4J

"Through photographs and artist’s journals, Dupont documented the Westernization of traditional society in Papua New Guinea, from lawlessness in urban Port Moresby to cultural struggles throughout the Highlands and Sepik River region. The exhibition is an in-depth study of cultural erosion as well as a celebration of an ancient people.", NESOP instructor / alum Caleb Cole's series "Other People's Clothes" was selected as Photo District News Photo of the Day for April 24, 2013.

"This collection of non-traditional self-portraits are a product of Cole’s exploration, wondering what someone else’s life is like.", Photos from the Phillips Glass Plate Negatives Collection on Photoweenie.com., Congratulations to NESOP alum Keiko Hiromi - she is one of eight artists selected for inclusion in the Photographic Resource Center's 18th Annual Juried Exhibition, Exposure 2013.

Juror Karen E. Haas has served as the Lane Curator of Photographs at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston for the past decade.  Haas made her selections from a pool of 211 photographers. 

Exhibition runs: June 4 - July 27, 2013
Opening Reception: Thursday, June 6, 2013, Now you can follow NESOP on Vine!, Architectural photographer John Woolf conducted a comprehensive one day workshop covering the basics of a color managed workflow and the proper techniques for using inkjet printer paper profiles in Photoshop.   Students and attendees of this workshop were provided with a straightforward process, enabling them to produce accurate color prints with a high degree of repeatability and consistency., PHOTOGRAPHERS: The City of Boston (Government) Department of Neighborhood Development is seeking volunteer photographers to help businesses impacted by the marathon bombings record damage for insurance purposes:, Opening Reception this Wednesday - Thad Russell: 'Promised Land' at The Garner Center.  Meet the artist, 6-8pm.  

537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., TODAY, 2-5PM: Spend a few hours out of the city and head to the Grand Opening of Panopticon Imaging's new facility in Rockland, MA.

In their new gallery, the works of Boston photographer and NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography will be highlighted.  Stop by to see the new space and meet the artist!

Located at 540 Union Street in Rockland, MA., Due to this morning's events in Boston, NESOP will be closed today., Call for Entry: Submit five of your best cell phone photos by May 7th for consideration in StoneCrop Gallery's Cell Phone Photography Exhibition.  Show will run May 25th - July 8th, 2013.  Visit: www.stonecropgallery.com/submit for more details.

Photo by Dana Berenson, Join Panopticon Imaging in Rockland, MA for the Grand Opening of their new facility this Saturday, April 20th from 2-5pm.

In their new gallery, they will be highlighting the works of Boston photographer and NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography.  Stop by to see the new space and meet the artist. 

Located at 540 Union Street in Rockland, MA., Photos from the Opening Reception for the 2013 Photographic Resource Center Exhibition.  The following seven students had their work selected to represent NESOP: Alyssa Minahan, Greg Norstrom, Tim Bartlett, Holly Rike, Daniela Goncalves, Oran Khanyalucksakun and Christiana Rifaat.  For more images, follow us on Instagram: instagram.com/nesop_boston, All classes have been cancelled for this evening, Monday, April 15th., Thad Russell: 'Promised Land' opens this week at The Garner Center.  Meet the artist at the Opening Reception next Wednesday, April 24th at 6pm., The Panopticon Gallery April Newsletter is out!  

Lots of exciting information and news about their current and upcoming exhibitions featuring work from NESOP students, alumni and instructors.  

Take a seat, maybe even hold your calls while you read this - you don't want to miss anything important:, TONIGHT: Photographic Resource Center | 2013 Student Exhibition Opening Reception | 5:00 – 8:30p.

NESOP 2nd year students Alyssa Minahan, Greg Norstrom, Tim Bartlett, Holly Rike, Daniella Goncalves, Oran Khanyalucksakun and Christiana Rifaat all have work included in this years' exhibition!  

832 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., When he's not busy with AM projects, the 5-person international photo collaborative that he belongs to, 2007 NESOP graduate Aaron McElroy's time has been occupied with solo shows, book releases and more., Canon Live Learning is coming to Boston with their EOS Immersion Seminar & Workshop series on April 20 - 21. 

They will be holding an all-day seminar Saturday, April 20th from 10a - 6p at Fontbonne Academy in Milton, MA, as well as two hands-on workshops on Sunday, April 21 from 9a - 5p at Quixote Studios in Allston, MA. 

For more info, and to register: http://bit.ly/dVNQHm, Photographic Resource Center 2013 Student Exhibition Opening Reception is this Thursday, April 11, 2013, 5:00 – 8:30 pm.

Congratulations to NESOP 2nd year students: Alyssa Minahan, Greg Norstrom, Tim Bartlett, Holly Rike, Daniella Goncalves, Oran Khanyalucksakun and Christiana Rifaat - they've all had their work selected for inclusion in the exhibition!, Bruno Debas' 2nd year Advertising students at work in the studio., If you haven't had a chance to check out Dina Kantor's 'Finnish & Jewish' exhibition at the Garner Center, you still have time!  Exhibition runs through April 12th.  

Garner Center hours: Monday | Wednesday | Friday, 9:00a to 5:00p | Saturday - 10:00a to 4:00p., Space just opened up in our Adobe Lightroom Evening Workshop that starts tonight, sign up!, There is still space available in Nick Johnson's Basic and Advanced Black & White Darkroom Workshops beginning this week at NESOP.  Not sure which class is best suited to your needs?  Watch the video below to help you decide! 

For more info, and to register:
Basic - http://bit.ly/BasicDkrm
Advanced - http://bit.ly/AdvDarkroom, Congratulations to Caleb Cole - he's been selected as one of the winners in the 2013 Hearst 8x10 Biennial, an international competition saluting the next generation of talent in the future of magazines, media, the web, design and photography., 2011 NESOP grad Catalina Piedrahita Photography is published in the current issue of Revista Indigo for her recent series of images produced as an answer to sexist and misogynous attitudes that pervade our society., Still some space available for 'Basic Color Darkroom' with FranOsbornBlaschke p h o t o g r a p h y beginning tomorrow night at 6pm!
 
Designed to provide a foundation for students seeking to develop their color photography and color printing skills, this workshop allows students to acquire the fundamental skills of color photography; most importantly, how to identify, correct and control color in image-making., Opening Reception: This Wednesday night!, In this video, instructor Nick Johnson describes his Basic and Advanced Black & White Darkroom Workshops at NESOP. 

Bottom line: "Nick Johnson doesn't do color!"

For more info, and to register:
Basic - http://bit.ly/BasicDkrm 
Advanced - http://bit.ly/AdvDarkroom, null, 'Basic Color Darkroom' with FranOsbornBlaschke p h o t o g r a p h y is designed to provide a foundation for students seeking to develop their color photography and color printing skills.  

This workshop allows students to acquire the fundamental skills of color photography; most importantly, how to identify, correct and control color in image-making.  Class runs for 10 weeks on Tuesday evenings from 6-9pm, beginning April 2nd., Time is running out!  It's your last chance to submit to the Griffin Museum of Photography Inc’s 19th Annual Juried Exhibition.

This Call for Entries is open to all photographers. Entrants must be members of the Griffin Museum of Photography (with an expiration after 4/1/2013.)  The Griffin Museum invites photographers working in all mediums, styles and schools of thought to participate. Experimental and mixed techniques are welcome., Our Spring Photography Workshop early-registration discount ends TOMORROW, 3/29.  There is still space available in many of our workshops - if you're thinking of taking one, register now and save on the cost!, Call for Entry: Cell Phone Photography 

StoneCrop Gallery is looking for photographic works made by cell phone cameras for inclusion in an exhibition that will run May 25 through July 8, 2013.  Artists are invited to submit up to 5 images for jury, printing will be provided by StoneCrop for all accepted pieces., Photography literally means 'writing with light' and there is no better way to improve the quality of your photographs than to gain an understanding of how light works and the effective ways to use it in your image-making.

NESOP offers 3 levels of Creative Lighting Workshops with Steve Ostrowski - check out the video below to learn more about which class best suits your needs and register by Friday 3.29 to receive our early-tuition discount!, Next at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions:
Thad Russell - 'Promised Land'

"Thad Russell has spent the last 10 years photographing from Las Vegas to the Central Valley of California, the Mojave Desert to Southern Florida, examining what he describes as "locations of the American Dream.""

Exhibition runs: April 15, 2013 through May 31, 2013
Artist Reception: Wednesday, April 24th from 6pm-8pm, Since graduating last June, NESOP '12 alum Tom Falcone Photography has been on the road with Tallahasse-based indie-rock band Mayday Parade, documenting their 2012 tour and recent studio sessions for their upcoming LP.  During the band's recent break from touring, he also spent 2 months working with Allstar Weekend - read more about his work and check out some of his images:, Still space available in our Documentary I & II workshops with  award-winning documentary photographer, Michael Hintlian. 

How do we tell our stories with integrity, clarity and honesty? Where does personal vision come from and how do you tell a story with your unique point of view? What makes a story valid or worthy? What are the practical considerations and how do we keep a long-term project on track? These workshops are about telling a story with pictures and having it bear your unique vision: http://bit.ly/ZRHuby, Tomorrow night at the Photographic Resource Center, Neal Rantoul will show and discuss recent projects with an emphasis on his aerial work and photographs made over the past two or three years.  

This lecture precedes two regional exhibitions featuring Rantoul's work this April & May: a two person show at Panopticon Gallery and a solo show at The Danforth Art Museum., April 15th is fast approaching and the good people over at PhotoShelter have compiled a helpful list of 10 tax deductions to consider when filing for your photography business., Prospective students tour NESOP, view demonstrations and meet with faculty members during our Spring '13 Open House., Concept and lighting are the driving forces behind every great image. Throughout 'Conceptual Still Life' with Chris Vaccaro Photography, students will explore the process of constructing images using simple objects and a variety of photographic techniques to create dynamic photographs.  From conceptualization through execution, students will discover how to capture exciting images by creating environments for their subjects with different surfaces and backgrounds.

Beginning April 1, this workshop runs Monday evenings from 6-9pm for 10 weeks.  Register by this Friday to receive our early tuition discount!, Opening reception for Neal Rantoul and Brian Kaplan exhibition, April 3rd, at Panopticon Gallery.  Proceeds from this event will benefit the Island Creek Oysters Foundation, a non-profit organization headquartered in Duxbury, MA and dedicated to the promotion and support of aquaculture as a solution to the global issue of food production.

5:30-7:30pm, 502c Commonwealth Ave, Boston, MA., TODAY: Open House from 11-2pm!  Tours and demos starting approximately every 20-30 minutes.  537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., OPEN HOUSE TOMORROW!  

Stop by NESOP this Saturday from 11am-2pm, tours and demos scheduled to begin every 20-30 minutes. Learn about our courses, see our facilities and take the first step toward becoming a professional photographer., 'Art of Studio Photography' with Bruno Debas is a 12-week course designed for people who wish to learn to use studio lighting and digital capture skills to create dynamic images.  Making photographs in the studio, allowing the photographer to be in total control of every aspect of the image, offers unlimited creative possibilities. 

Commercial studio techniques will be the theme of the course which will offer ample opportunity for individual creativity.  Thursdays, 6-9pm, beginning April 4th., THIS SATURDAY: March 23rd, stop by NESOP from 11a-2p for our Spring Open House! 

Tours and demos scheduled to begin every 20-30 minutes. Learn about our course offerings, see our facilities and take the first step toward becoming a professional photographer. 

RSVP to: 617.437.1868 // or // openhouse@nesop.com, 'Photographing People' with Dana Smith Photography is a 10-week evening workshop beginning April 2nd at 5:30pm.

A photograph can communicate a tremendous amount of information to the viewer. When a person is the subject of your image, how you photograph them – their expression, body language and body position, gestures, environment, what you choose to include and what you choose to exclude – can “speak” volumes about the individual. This advanced course is designed to help photographers enhance their skills of creating editorial portraits of people at home, in the studio, or out on the street., Chris Vaccaro's 2nd year Fashion Students' Photo Shoot., An event for professional wedding photographers presented by
Photo Nights Boston: An evening of ideas, inspirations and easy to implement changes, Wednesday, April 24th, 5:30pm., Introduction to Digital Darkroom and RAW Processing is a six-week introductory course that will help you maximize the potential of your digital photographs. Photoshop’s image processing power gives you the ability to draw more out of your image in the digital darkroom than ever before and your camera’s RAW capture capability gives you the potential to capture more detail and tonal range.  Register by March 29th to receive our early-tuition discount!, Follow NESOP on Instagram and see what's happening here on Commonwealth Ave!, Join us THIS Saturday March 23rd for our Spring 2013 Open House: Tours and demos scheduled to begin approximately every 20-30 minutes from 11am-2pm. Learn about our course offerings, see our facilities and take the first big step toward becoming a professional photographer. RSVP to: 617.437.1868 // or // openhouse@nesop.com, You shoot all the time. You feel comfortable with your camera, and you usually get the shot.  You know your way around processing and editing, whether in Lightroom, Photoshop or the analog darkroom.  But when you look at your hundreds (or thousands!) of photographs are you at a loss to point to the most successful image?  Our Critical Objectivity Workshop will walk you through the process and help you develop the skills to objectively evaluate your own work.  

Check out this, and other NESOP workshops beginning in April:, This recent article from PetaPixel is a loosely edited transcript from a lecture given by Arno Rafael Minkkinen to NESOP's 2006 graduating class:

"We are in the midst of sea change — a tidal wave might be more accurate — within the medium of photography. While the lens is still firmly fixed to the camera body, the body itself appears to have imploded. The inner workings — that is, the guts of the camera from Talbot’s days (when cameras were called “mousetraps” by his wife who was always tripping over them) — have changed faster than anyone expected.", Spring Photographic Workshop Registration is open - to receive our discounted early-tuition rate, tuition must be paid in full by March 23rd.  Classes fill up quickly - to learn more about our workshops, follow the link attached below. If you'd like to go directly to the new schedule, click here: http://bit.ly/SpringWorkshops13, Caleb Cole's upcoming monograph release and signing will take place at Gallery Kayafas on Friday, March 22, 2013 from 6-8p.  Gallery Talk beginning at 7pm.  You can purchase his book at the gallery, or via his website included in the link below., Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery opening reception for their current exhibition, 'Young & Emerging'.  Owned by NESOP Instructor Nick Johnson, Gallery Seven has selected eighteen talented New England artists aged 18-30 to display their work in this exhibition. Included are NESOP alums: Will Faraci '07, Cori-lynne Forbes '12, Jeremy Fraga '09, Chandra Guthro '10, as well as workshop students Chelsea Tuttle and Nora Vrublevska.  Open through March, 30th., NESOP instructor and '06 alum, Amy Giese, presents her recent work at the Photographic Resource Center's "Unconventional Inventions" night, next Wednesday March 20th., Join us on Saturday March 23rd for our Spring 2013 Open House: Tours and demos scheduled to begin approximately every 20-30 minutes from 11am-2pm.  Learn about our course offerings, see our facilities and take the first big step toward becoming a professional photographer.  RSVP by 3/21 to: 617.437.1868 // or // openhouse@nesop.com, Now you can follow NESOP on Instagram!, Panopticon Gallery's current exhibition, 'The Things That Seem and Those That Are: Reshaping Photography Through Alternative Processes' is featured in the Improper Bostonian Magazine's Spring Arts Preview.  Photo: Through Looking Glasses by NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo., TONIGHT!!!   Artists' Reception | 7-9p | Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery | Maynard, MA., The Spring Photographic Workshop Schedule has been released and registration is now OPEN!  Classes begin the week of April 1st.  To receive our discounted early-tuition rate, tuition must be paid in full by March 23rd.  Classes fill up quickly - to learn more about our workshops, follow the link attached below.  If you'd like to go directly to the new schedule, click here: http://bit.ly/SpringWorkshops13, Hosted by photographer, writer and educator, Susan Wilson, Crosscurrents IV: "Portfolios in 2013" included presentations from fine art/documentary photographer and curator Blake Fitch, and portfolio consultant and life/career coach Elaine Totten Davis.

Several talented and diverse photographers and videographers, including Craig Orsini, Michael Warren, Rania Matar and Jesse Burke also met with students, sharing their diverse expertise on portfolio presentation in 2013., THIS SATURDAY: Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery will host an Artists' Reception from 7-9PM for their current exhibition, 'Young & Emerging'. 

Owned by NESOP Instructor Nick Johnson, Gallery Seven has selected eighteen talented New England artists aged 18-30 to display their work in this exhibition. Included are NESOP alums: Will Faraci '07, Cori-lynne Forbes '12, Jeremy Fraga '09, Chandra Guthro '10, as well as workshop students Chelsea Tuttle and Nora Vrublevska. 

For more information: http://conta.cc/XnAYtT, TOMORROW NIGHT: Opening Reception for Dina Kantor: 'FINNISH & JEWISH', 6-8PM at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions.

In her Finnish & Jewish body of work, New York based photographer Dina Kantor investigates the small Jewish community in Finland. Kantor asks "How does Judaism survive in a country where there are only two synagogues? In a nation of 5.3 million people, how do 1,500 Jews maintain their cultural identity?"

Open and free to the public, 537 Commonwealth Ave., 2nd Floor, Boston, MA., 2012 NESOP grad Justin Hamel is Colortek of Boston's March Featured Artist!, Ron Cowie remembers his wife Lisa, a beloved member of the NESOP family, through 'Inventory' - photographs of her personal objects., Sign up for our e-Newsletter and be the first of your friends to know when our new Workshop Schedule is released and what classes are being offered!, Short documentary film by Like Knows Like featuring Los Angeles-based NESOP alums Jeremy & Claire Weiss of Day19 - Jeremy & Claire Weiss Photography:, 'The Things That Seem and Those That Are: Reshaping Photography through Alternative Processes' opening reception at Panopticon Gallery.  A variety of alternative processes will be on display through April 1, 2013, from cyanotypes to tintypes, ambrotypes to platinum palladium prints, and images created with pinhole cameras., Our Spring Workshop schedule will be released next week - sign up for our e-Newsletter and be the first of your friends to know which classes are being offered!, OPENING TONIGHT!  5:30 - 7:30 at Panopticon Gallery: "Reshaping Photography through Alternative Processes."  Don't be the only person at the water-cooler tomorrow morning who can't join in on the conversation about how off-the-hook tonight was..., TONIGHT: Nights at the Photographic Resource Center Experimental Observation Night
6:00 pm – 8:00 pm
Guest Host & Lead Presenter: Sharon Harper

Open to photographers and photo enthusiasts interested in or dealing with the observation of nature, change, or scientific phenomena in photographs. Featuring a short presentation, discussion, and book signing with Sharon Harper., 2nd year students visit the State House on Beacon Hill in Boston to practice Architectural Photography techniques with instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY., THIS THURSDAY! 

Opening reception for Panopticon Gallery's exhibition 'The Things That Seem and Those That Are: Reshaping Photography through Alternative Processes', 5:30-7:30pm.

Among the photographers selected for this exhibition is NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo.  2012 graduate Amber Wachtl is the next Emerging Artist | Featured - stop by and check out their work!, Opening TODAY at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions: Dina Kantor 'FINNISH & JEWISH'

In her Finnish & Jewish body of work, New York based photographer Dina Kantor investigates the small Jewish community in Finland. Kantor asks "How does Judaism survive in a country where there are only two synagogues? In a nation of 5.3 million people, how do 1,500 Jews maintain their cultural identity?"

Meet the artist at the Opening Reception on Thursday, March 7 from 6pm - 8pm!, NESOP instructor and '08 alum, Caleb Cole, has published a 149-page monograph of his series 'Other People's Clothes'. 

"The images in 'Other People’s Clothes' are a product of my exploration of private moments of expectation, a visual expression of my experiences stepping into the shoes of the types of people I see on a daily basis." 

You can view the series and purchase this book online by visiting the link below, or in person at  Gallery Kayafas, 500 Harrison Avenue, Boston., Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery Presents: 'Young & Emerging', February 26 - March 30.  

Owned by NESOP Instructor Nick Johnson, Gallery Seven has selected eighteen talented New England artists aged 18-30 to display their work in this exhibition.  Included are NESOP alums: Will Faraci '07, Cori-lynne Forbes '12, Jeremy Fraga '09, Chandra Guthro '10, as well as workshop students Chelsea Tuttle and Nora Vrublevska.  

Artists' Reception will be held March 9th, 7-9PM.  For more information: http://conta.cc/XnAYtT, THIS WEEKEND: Feb. 22nd - 25th, The Professional Photographers Association of Massachusetts - PPAM - will hold their convention at the Radisson Hotel, Plymouth Harbor, MA.  Saturday's events are FREE to non-members - all are welcome to attend.  For more information, and for a full schedule of events, visit their website below and click '2013 Convention'., Opening Monday, February 25th, 'Dina Kantor: Finnish & Jewish' is the next exhibition at The Garner Center.

New York based photographer Dina Kantor investigates the ways photography contributes to the construction of identity and community, recording cultural signifiers and traditions of small Jewish communities in Finland, a country with only two synagogues.   

Opening reception, March 7th, 6-8pm, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., 1st year 'Art of Black & White' students learn to shoot with a 4x5 camera from instructors Bill Franson and Nick Johnson., Second year NESOP students Arielle Simmons & Yorgos Efthymiadis had their work selected by juror Aline Smithson Photography to be part of ‘The Magic of Light‘ exhibition at PhotoPlace Gallery, VT - their work is now included in a book published by the gallery and can be found on pages 13 and 57, respectively., Simmons Institute for Leadership & Change in partnership with Simmons College Dept. of Art & Music present: "New England Women in Photography - Bring It to the Table: Portfolio Sharing & Conversation."

RSVP by April 18th, light breakfast will be provided.
When: Sunday, April 21st, 10 a.m. - 12:30 pm
Where: Linda K. Paresky Conference Center, 300 The Fenway, Boston., 'The Doors of Perception: Vision and Innovation in Alternative Processes' exhibition at the Photographic Resource Center featuring work from Ron Cowie Photo and others., Want to attend this years Society for Photographic Education [SPE] Conference but don't have the scratch to pay for it?  This year SPE Northeast will award (1) Undergraduate, (1) Graduate, (1) Adjunct, and (1) Curator/Art Historian $500.00 each to help cover the cost of accommodations and travel - deadline to submit is March 1st, 2013, 11:59pm EST., NESOP instructor and '06 alum Amy Giese is among a prestigious group of artists selected to speak at the 2013 Society for Photographic Education Conference happening in Chicago next month.  There is still limited space available for the conference, must register by February 22., The opening reception for Panopticon Gallery's exhibition The Things That Seem and Those That Are: Reshaping Photography through Alternative Processes will be held on Thursday, February 28th featuring work from 13 artists including NESOP instructor Ron Cowie Photo.  Also showcased, Emerging Artist | Featured: 2012 NESOP graduate, Amber Wachtl ., Exposure 2013 - The 18th Annual Photographic Resource Center Juried Exhibition is now open for submissions!

Juror Karen Haas, Lane Curator of Photographs at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, will select work by eight contemporary photographers that will comprise the eighteenth iteration of the PRC's highly regarded annual juried exhibition.  Deadline to submit is March 3, 2013 11:59pm EST.  For more information, and to submit your work: http://bit.ly/XxwDAz, Due to the storm, NESOP will remain closed on Sunday, February 10, 2013.  We apologize for any inconvenience., Due to the impending snowstorm set to hit Boston, NESOP will be entirely closed tomorrow, Friday, February 8th AND Saturday, February 9th.  Classes are cancelled and facilities will be shut down completely.  Sorry for any inconvenience., Exciting news for our friends at Panopticon Imaging and Panopticon Gallery: 

"Panopticon Imaging will be moving their digital, darkroom and framing operation from Hingham to Rockland, and beginning this April, Jason Landry will be curating exhibitions at the NEW 'Gallery at Panopticon Imaging'."  

Stay tuned for Grand Opening date and reception!, TONIGHT!   Leave the house while you still can!  

Opening Reception - 'The Doors of Perception: Vision and Innovation in Alternative Processes' exhibition, featuring work from Ron Cowie Photo and others.

Photographic Resource Center Gallery, 832 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, MA. For more info: http://bit.ly/TPdmeY, MetroWest Daily News columnist Chris Bergeron reviews 'A View From the Top: Bradford Washburn and Vittorio Sella' at Panopticon Gallery.  

"However different their backgrounds and styles, Sella and Washburn photographed mountains with a kind of awed reverence for their pitiless indifference to the humans who climbed their surfaces like little bugs."

You can see this exhibition, as well as 'The Photographs of Bill Franson' through February 23rd - 502c Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., Founding Director of Project Have Hope, '98 NESOP alum Karen Sparacio Photography was recently featured in 'Be A Social Entrepreneur' for her work with women in the Acholi Quarter of Uganda., Photo Nights Boston, in collaboration with the Robert Klein Gallery and Ars Libri Ltd., is pleased to host a cocktail reception this Friday, February 8th, 5:30-7:30pm at Ars Libri in Boston. In conjunction with the Bruce Davidson: Witness exhibit, attendees will get to meet executive board members of Photo Nights Boston, and discuss the critical role of photography in enhancing our daily lives., Jim Fitts, fine arts photography teacher, lecturer, curator, and photographer profiles NESOP instructor Michael Hintlian for his new website dedicated to all-things-photography: Photoweenie., Photos from the Class of 2014 (Febs) new student orientation., Welcome to our First Year "Feb" students - today they take the first big step in the journey toward becoming a professional photographer., Henry + Mac, co-owned by 2011 NESOP graduate Dana Curran and her husband Zak, is currently featured in Style Me Pretty New York:, In the 3rd seminar of our 5-part Crosscurrents series, NESOP Presents: Mary Virigina Swanson - "Finding Your Audience: An Introduction to Marketing Your Photographs".  

Providing an overview of today's commercial marketplace for photographers interested in selling their personal work to collectors, licensing their existing imagery as illustration, or being commissioned to create new work for clients., If you haven't viewed the current exhibitions at Panopticon Gallery featuring work from Bradford Washburn, Vittorio Sella and NESOP instructor Bill Franson, you're missing out!  Lucky for you, though, there is still time: Open Tue–Sat 9:00a-4:00p through February 23rd - check out the link below for exhibition reviews, press and to find out what's coming up next., 2010 NESOP grad Morgan Ione Photography is featured in Food Republic where she shares her thoughts about working in the food photography industry, changing aesthetics and trends, the need for food stylists, and more:, Opening February 5th, 'The Doors of Perception: Vision and Innovation in Alternative Processes'.  Exhibition features work by NESOP Instructor and master platinum printer, Ron Cowie Photo, and others.

Opening Reception: Thursday, February 7, 2012, 6:30-8pm. Photographic Resource Center Gallery, 832 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, MA.  For more info: http://bit.ly/TPdmeY, Limited space available for MARY VIRGINIA SWANSON - "Finding Your Audience: An Introduction to Marketing Your Photographs" on Monday, January 28, 2013 from 1:00 - 4:30 pm.

NESOP is opening this seminar to the public for $25 per attendee. This is a unique opportunity to learn from one of the most knowledgeable and sought-after professionals in this field. You must RSVP to info@nesop.com for this event with your full name and email address. Payment by CASH ONLY will be accepted at the door. Reservations must be made in advance and entry to the event will NOT be permitted after 1:30 pm.  Seminar held at the Holiday Inn, Whitney Room, 1200 Beacon Street, Brookline., Second year NESOP students Yorgos Efthymiadis & Arielle Simmons had their work selected by juror Aline Smithson Photography to be part of ‘The Magic of Light‘ exhibition at PhotoPlace Gallery, VT.  

Exhibition dates: Mar. 1 – Mar. 27, 2013, Jerry Reed is featured in the January '13 issue of Ink Magazine (cover shot, article p. 54) - you can see Reed's work now through 2.22.13 at the Garner Center Gallery, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., Opening Reception and Artist's Talk - Nationally exhibited artist Jerry Reed presents selected works of minimal black & white photography positing questions on the relationship between performance and the document.  Exhibition open now through February 22, 2013 at The Garner Center Gallery, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, 2nd Floor., NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography has his work displayed in the lobby of 53 State Street, in Boston's Financial District.  The lobby is open to the public - stop by and check it out!, New England School of Photography Presents: 
MARY VIRGINIA SWANSON - "Finding Your Audience: An Introduction to Marketing Your Photographs"

Monday, January 28, 2013 from 1:00 - 4:30 pm
Holiday Inn, Whitney Room, 1200 Beacon Street, Brookline.   

This presentation provides participants with an overview of today's commercial marketplace for photographers
interested in selling their personal work to collectors, licensing their existing imagery as illustration, or being commissioned to create new work for clients. 

NESOP is opening this seminar to the public for $25 per attendee.  This is a unique opportunity to learn from one of the most knowledgeable and sought-after professionals in this field.  You must RSVP to info@nesop.com for this event with your full name and email address. Payment by CASH ONLY will be accepted at the door.  Reservations must be made in advance and entry to the event will NOT be permitted after 1:30 p.m. that day.  Don't miss out!

Image © Paris Visone, http://bit.ly/FashionPhotographyNESOP, The conclusion of Elin Spring Photography's 3-part blog post about NESOP instructor Bill Franson's current exhibition at Panopticon Gallery:, Part 2 of a 3-part blog post by Elin Spring Photography about Bill Franson's current exhibition at Panopticon Gallery:, Nationally exhibited artist Jerry Reed presents selected works of minimal black and white photography positing questions on the relationship between performance and the document.

Meet the artist TONIGHT from 6pm – 8pm!  537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston, 2nd floor., Boston Public Library shares some iconic images from the Great Molasses Flood which occurred 94 years ago today in Boston's North End., Part 1 of a 3-part blog post by Elin Spring Photography about Bill Franson's current exhibition at Panopticon Gallery:, Opening Reception at Panopticon Gallery for NESOP instructor, Bill Franson.  Exhibition open January 11th - February 25th, 2013., null, TONIGHT!!!!  Panopticon Gallery: Opening Reception from 5:30p-7:30p.  Be there!, There is still space available in our "Architectural Photography" workshop with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY beginning tomorrow evening, Friday, January 11th.

“Keitaro is an awesome instructor…  He is passionate about all that is photography.  He’s always available for questions and [offers] extra pointers to help you out.  I love taking his courses!”  -Jennifer S., Fall '12 Workshop student 

For more information, and to register for this workshop online: http://bit.ly/ArchitecturalPhotography, Exhibition opening this Friday, Jan. 11th in The Private Room at Panopticon Gallery: The Photographs of Bill Franson.  Reception from 5:30pm - 7:30pm, all are welcome to attend.   For more information, and to RSVP: http://on.fb.me/WzLWb6

An instructor at NESOP since 2006, Bill’s work resides in both  institutional and private collections.  He is currently represented by Panopticon, one of the oldest galleries dedicated to fine art photography in Boston., Looking for a fun way to spend Thursday nights this Winter?  There is still limited space available in some of our photography workshops beginning tomorrow night, Jan. 10th, including:

- Creative Self-Expression w/ Erin Carey
- Advanced Dark Room w/ Nick Johnson
- Art of Studio w/ Bruno Debas
- Advanced Digital Printing w/ Sue Anne Hodges
- Creative Lighting III w/ Steve Ostrowski

For more information, and to register online: http://bit.ly/WinterWorkshops, "This is a wonderful class—I’ve taken it several times.  A very positive experience with a wonderful instructor.  There is so much to learn…!"  -Elizabeth B., Advanced Darkroom workshop student, Fall '12

Limited space still available in 'Advanced Darkroom' - class begins tomorrow, Jan. 10th, at 6PM., Time-lapse video of 2nd year NESOP students Holly Rike and Tim Bartlett installing Term 1 Student Exhibition.  Located at 537 Commonwealth Ave., 2nd Floor, this exhibition is free and open to the public, M-F, 9a-5p., Space still available in Digital Camera II - Section B, beginning tomorrow night at 6PM with FranOsbornBlaschke p h o t o g r a p h y - register ASAP to secure your spot in this workshop!, NOW OPEN!  Nationally exhibited artist Jerry Reed presents selected works of minimal black and white photography positing questions on the relationship between performance and the document.

Where: The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions
When: Now through February 22, 2013
Hours: Mon., Weds., Fri., 9a-5p | Sat., 10a-4p

Meet the artist at an opening reception, Wednesday, January 16th from 6pm - 8pm, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston.  Garner Center exhibitions are FREE and open to the public., "Laura [Pineda] takes the time to work with everyone in the class, regardless of their skill set.”  - Joyce P., Fall 2012 workshop student

Find out for yourself - Laura's "Wedding Photography II" workshop begins this Wednesday evening and there is still space available!, Want to take your Digital Photography skills to the next level this year?  Our Digital Camera II workshop(s) led by FranOsbornBlaschke p h o t o g r a p h y begin this week!  In addition to learning new technical skills, this course will address the visual elements of making images, helping students elevate their skills from taking snapshots to making photographs.  For more info, and to register online click here:, There is still time to register for The Documentary Project workshop with award-winning documentarian, Michael Hintlian beginning TONIGHT!  Come by our office (537 Comm Ave., Boston) between now and 6PM to secure your spot, or register online here:, 2nd year student, Rob Collins Photography has his work featured as the cover of the current issue of Focus Skate Mag!, Recent blog article from photographer and educator Neal Rantoul profiles NESOP instructor and documentarian, Michael Hintlian.

"My only motivation is to make interesting pictures. It is not about imagination for me, I am driven by what shows up in the finder and the problem of containing it in the moment, it is about what to include in the frame and when to press the shutter.  In photography, the thing itself is everything.", 'The Doors of Perception: Vision and Innovation in Alternative Processes' - Exhibition features work by NESOP Instructor and master platinum printer, Ron Cowie Photo, and others.  

Opening Reception: Thursday, February 7, 2012, 6:30-8pm.  Photographic Resource Center Gallery, 832 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, MA., Led by NESOP instructor Bruno Debas, a photographer with over 20 years of professional experience with both national and international clients including AT&T and Lancôme, our 'Art of Studio' workshop is designed for people who wish to learn to use studio lighting and digital capture skills to create dynamic images.  Commercial studio techniques will be the theme of the course which will offer ample opportunity for individual creativity.  Register by tomorrow, January 4, to receive our discounted early-tuition rate., null, New year, new exhibitions at Panopticon Gallery including: "The Photographs of Bill Franson", opening January 11th in the Private Room with an Opening Reception that evening from 5:30-7:30pm.

Franson's work has been exhibited and collected both locally and nationally, and he has been teaching classes in the Art of Black and White Photography, Photographic Art and Design, and various workshops at NESOP since 2006.

"While the bulk of the work in this exhibition is new, several pieces date to the beginning of his career, offering a sense of conceptual continuity."  For more information: http://bit.ly/ZgBQTi, NESOP is fortunate enough to have a faculty comprised of professionals with exceptional interests, talents and backgrounds. Their work is widely exhibited and published, including award-winning photographer, Michael Hintlian.  This winter, Hintlian will be teaching two of our Advanced Personal Vision Workshops - 'Documentary Project' and 'Urban Landscape'.  There is still availability in these, and other courses.  Register by Friday to receive the Early-Tuition Discount: http://bit.ly/WinterWorkshops, Looking for post-holiday savings?  Register by January 4th to receive the Early-Tuition rate on all of our Winter Workshops, including: Digital Camera I & II, Art of Studio, Documentary Project, Urban Landscape, Creative Lighting, Wedding Photography, Portraiture, Fashion Photography, Architectural Photography and more.  For a full list of available workshops, including dates and times, click here: http://bit.ly/WinterWorkshops, NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography addressing guests of his Artist Talk at Panopticon Gallery on December 15, 2012., There is still room available in our 'Intro to Portraiture' and 'Portraiture I' Winter Workshops.  Whether you'd like to be introduced to the fundamental technical and artistic skills used in creating strong portraits, or immersed in the world of professional portraiture and the business of portrait photography, we can help you find the workshop that is right for you.  Workshops begin the 2nd week of January - for more information: http://bit.ly/XRF4aD, Interested in a career in Professional Photography?  There's still time to enroll for February 2013 admission!  Turn your passion for photography into a rewarding professional career:, Photography literally means “writing with light” and there is no better way to improve the quality of your photographs than to gain an understanding of how light works and the effective ways to use it in your image-making.  Whether you're at the novice, intermediate or advanced level, we have a Creative Lighting Workshop that's right for you: http://bit.ly/UIe388, Photography Contest from Cambridge Savings Bank - enter for your chance to win a photography prize pack worth $1,250. including items from Hunt's Photo and Video Melrose, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and NESOP!, Interested in Fashion Photography?  Our Fashion Photography workshop will introduce you to the basics.  Students will have the opportunity to photograph professional models in the studio while learning the basics of studio lighting. Class time will be spent discussing the fashion idea, the basics of styling and makeup, working with model agencies, photo design and marketing, shooting in the studio and on location, the history of fashion photography and putting together a fashion portfolio.   Check out the video below, and click here to register: http://bit.ly/VLSTFY, TODAY!  Artist Talk with Stephen Sheffield Photography at 1pm. His work is currently on display in the private room at Panopticon Gallery in the exhibition: Stephen Sheffield | Image Maker - below is a video from the opening reception.  Don't miss out!, NESOP's Main Office will operate on an adjusted schedule over the holidays:

Dec. 17 – 20: OPEN 9a-4p
Dec. 21: OPEN 9a-1p 
Dec. 22-26: CLOSED 
Dec. 27 – 28: OPEN 9a-4p 
Dec. 29 – Jan 1: CLOSED
Jan. 2 – 4: OPEN 9a-4p

All FACILITIES will be closed: Dec. 17th – Jan. 6th. 
*All school equipment must be returned by closing on Dec. 16th.
*NESOP will re-open for all normal business hours on Jan 7th., Come see Stephen Sheffield Photography's Artist Talk, this Saturday - December 15th, from 1-4pm at Panopticon Gallery!  , Hate going to the mall?  Give the gift that keeps on giving this holiday season - Photography Workshops!  Order online from the comfort of your own couch:  https://www.nesop.com/project_files/WorkshopSchedule.pdf, Last week, NESOP Architectural Photography instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY spoke to students at Boston University's CDIA, showing his past and current work and "talking about the business aspect of photography that every young photographer should know.", Winter 2013 Workshops are now OPEN!  Classes fill up quickly - don't miss out!, NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography is featured as today's PDN 'Photo of the Day'., Our Winter workshop schedule will be released tomorrow - Monday, Dec. 10th - classes fill up quickly, don't miss out!, Great blog post from NESOP instructor, Ron Cowie Photo.

"Making photos requires creativity.  Creativity requires a certain amount of freedom to roam.  Roaming is fun.  Learning how to make serious art should be fun too.", Panopticon Gallery has a number of exciting things happening over the next few weeks.  In addition to the extension of the Harold Feinstein exhibition in the Main Gallery through January 8th:
- NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography gives a gallery talk on Saturday, Dec. 15th at 1pm about his current exhibition in the Private Room 
- NESOP instructor Bill Franson prepares for his exhibition, up next in the Private Room beginning January 11th

Click below for more info!, Following the suggestion of NESOP Documentary instructor Michael Hintlian, Boston-based photographer and '12 Workshop student Aynsley Floyd worked her way into Joseph P. Kennedy III's congressional campaign and stuck with it for 8 months, recently having her work published with GlobalPost., Our friends over at LensProToGo.com have launched a brand new FREE iPhone / iPad app!  Enter the code "iphone" when you check out and save 10% on your rentals from them until the end of the year!

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lensprotogo/id577126746?ls=1&mt=8, Award-winning "Canon Explorer of Light" photographer, Stephen Wilkes shares his images, inspirations and adventures with students., NESOP alum & instructor Caleb Cole is the LENSCRATCH Featured Artist of the Day!

"His work touches on themes of identity, of not fitting in, of the search for self - and much of this exploration is done with humor and an off-filter sensibility.", Recent article on Boston.com about our friends over at Photo Nights Boston and their plans to launch a Photography Festival in Boston for Fall, 2013.  In addition to a series of events including a photography contest, the festival organizers plan use huge projectors to highlight some of the best local photography onto local buildings., CROSSCURRENTS II: Canon Explorers of Light with Stephen Wilkes is now underway at the Holiday Inn Boston Brookline!  Wilkes, an award-winning photographer who divides his time between fine arts, advertising, and editorial photography will discuss his work, including his newest project, “Day to Night,” a series of iconic images of major cities around the world.   Stay tuned for photos from this event!, Philippe Echaroux is a young French photographer who makes a living shooting portraits of celebrities.  Recently, he carried out a personal project that had been brewing in his mind for some time: using his celebrity portraiture experience and style for spontaneous portraits of ordinary strangers encountered on the street., December 7th-9th:  NESOP Dean of Students Marty Hassell and the Outer Cape Chorale perform the music of Stephen Sondheim in a concert to benefit the American Red Cross Hurricane Sandy Relief Fund.  All are encouraged to attend - for more information visit: http://www.facebook.com/events/213230035478678/, Open November 12 - December 14 at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions, 'Never Let Me Go' works through ideas of memory, loss and navigating a world slipping out of reach., NESOP instructor Michael Hintlian is the featured PhotoShelter: Behind the Lens artist this week.  His series, “No Transfer: Photographs from Public Transportation,” was created out of frustration while shooting the streets of Boston, a place he describes as “a difficult city to work in.”   Click below for the full article!, From Boston.com: Because of what organizers describe as an overwhelming response, the Panopticon Gallery has decided to extend its Harold Feinstein exhibit until Jan. 8.  Concurrent exhibits by NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography and '12 NESOP grad Alipio Hernandez will also run through 01/08/13., NESOP instructor & '08 alum Caleb Cole is interviewed for Big Red & Shiny's podcast - check it out!, Submissions for The Magenta Foundation's 9th annual 'Flash Forward': International Emerging Photographers Competition are now open to all photographers working in Canada, the UK and the US, 34-years-of-age and under.  Deadline is Mon, Dec 31, 2012., Ron Cowie's Alt Processes Class Learning to Make Glass Plate Negatives., 2011 alum, Scott Achs Photography was recently featured in 'Viewfinder', an on-going series that appears on the Official Blog of the The IMPOSSIBLE Project - check it out!, Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 announces their "Snapshots from New England" contest.  Daily winners will be featured in a commercial during Chronicle.  The grand prize is a Canon EOS Rebel T4i DSLR Camera Kit., Got Plans? TONIGHT: Opening Reception for Paul-Jude Guillaume's show at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP.  

'Never Let Me Go': Color murals utilizing a mixed analog / digital process, focusing on memory and loss in the context of a fading world.   

Meet the artist from 6pm – 8pm, 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., Former NESOP instructor David Akiba is one of five photographers exhibiting work in "AN ELEVATED VIEW: The Orange Line" at the Boston Public Library's Wiggen Gallery through January 19th.

"An Elevated View" covers the removal of the elevated line along Washington Street, a small but not-insignificant chapter in Boston history.  The show consists of nearly 70 photographs taken during the final few years, as part of a project to document and celebrate the el.  Read more: http://b.globe.com/RoM8uE, THIS WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14th:  Opening Reception for Paul-Jude Guillaume's show at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions at NESOP.  Join us and meet the artist from 6pm – 8pm, 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., NESOP was fortunate enough to receive a visit from Dr. William T. Plummer, inventor of the optical system for the Polaroid SX-70 and holder of 100+ photographic and optical patents.  During his visit, Dr. Plummer spent nearly 2 1/2 hours speaking with students & faculty and answering MANY questions.  A big thank you to Dr. Plummer, and to 1st year student Fredo Gonzalez for setting up this opportunity., Motorcycle riders from Rolling Thunder roared through Gillette Stadium kicking off a Veteran's Day ceremony dedicating a seat to remain empty in honor of POW/MIA. Boston Herald staff video by 1995 NESOP graduate, John Wilcox., "Legal and Ethical Issues in Photography" with attorneys Peter Caruso & Jim Grace., TOMORROW, 11/7:  Join the inaugural [FREE!] webinar of ASMP New England Chapter’s new "Business as unUsual" series featuring renowned creative consultant, author, educator and friend of NESOP, Marketing Photos with Mary Virginia Swanson.  The conversation will focus on:
+ Editing your work to show your unique vision
+ Presenting your work in print and electronic portfolios
+ Marketing your work to different audiences
+ Identifying new markets for your photography

Follow link below to register NOW!, "The Future of America" - 1981 NESOP alum Philip Habib takes a peek into Greek life on campus for the November / December edition of American Photo Magazine:, There is still room left in our weekend workshop: The Next Step. You’ve made some incredible images… but now what? This workshop will help you discover everything you need to know about getting your work out into the world through a wide variety of channels.

Saturday 11/10 & Sunday 11/11 from 10a - 5p.  Click below for more information, and to register ASAP for one of the remaining spots!, Check out this video from Gregory Heisler, then register to hear him in speak at the CIPNE-Creative Imaging Professionals of New England's November 12th program at the Griffin Museum: http://www.cipne.org/ , Recent Images from NESOP Fine Art Black & White Instructor, Stephen Sheffield Photography, Our Open House is ... OPEN!  Come by from now until 2pm for tours, demos and cookies!  537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., Not sure how to use that extra hour of Daylight Savings tomorrow?  Join us for our Fall Open House!

Tours and demonstrations will begin approximately every 20 minutes, come in and see our facilities and learn about taking the first steps toward becoming a professional photographer.  

Sunday, 11a-2p, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., The Next Step: You’ve made some incredible images… but now what?  This information-packed weekend workshop will help you discover everything you need to know about getting your work out into the world through a wide variety of different channels: juried exhibitions, contests, blogs, and alternative opportunities.

2 Days, Saturday 11/10 - Sunday 11/11 from 10a - 5p.  Click below for more information, and to register., Are you or someone you know interested in a career in Professional Photography?

Join us this Sunday, 11/4 from 11a-2p for our Fall Open House.  Tours and demonstrations will begin approximately every 20 minutes, come in and see our facilities and learn about taking the first steps toward becoming a professional photographer!

Please RSVP to OpenHouse@NESOP.com by Friday 11/2., The first in a series of five Crosscurrents Seminars offered this year, "Legal and Ethical Issues in Photography with Peter Caruso & Jim Grace" takes place on Friday, 11/2 from 1-4pm at the Whitney Room of the Holiday Inn Boston Brookline [Saint Paul Stop, Green Line - C Train.] 

"Legal and Ethical Issues in Photography" is an information-packed seminar for artists of all levels, focusing on vital issues facing photographers in today's market.   This event is mandatory for 2nd year students, but also open to the public on a first-come, first-served basis while space is available.  Please bring notebooks, writing implements, business cards, and lots of good questions., As it stands now, the plan is for NESOP to be OPEN tomorrow, Tuesday, October 30th, with classes being held on time.  If for some reason this should change, we will let you know ASAP., NESOP will be closed all day tomorrow, Monday, October 29th.  Full-Time classes, Evening classes and the facility will re-open for business on Tuesday, October 30th, unless otherwise noted.  We will begin the process of rescheduling classes later this week.  Sorry for any inconvenience., NESOP alums Day19 - Jeremy & Claire Weiss Photography and Danny Clinch featured in the Arts section of the LA Times:, This Thursday from 6-8pm, join NESOP instructor / alum Caleb Cole for an Artist Reception & Gallery Talk to support his current solo show at Gallery Kayafas, 450 Harrison Ave., Boston.   For more information call 617.482.0411., NESOP Open House:
+ Sunday November 4, 2012 
+ 11am - 2pm 
+ 537 Commonwealth Ave. Boston 
+ RSVP: OpenHouse@nesop.com, NESOP instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY recently gave a lecture to Advanced Photography students at Emerson College where he shared his personal and assignment work and discussed the business aspect of photography.  [Pictured with photographer and Emerson College Visual & Media Arts professor, Lauren Shaw.], Tomorrow, NESOP Admissions Reps will visit Leominster High School from 8:45-10:45am and Thursday you can find us at North Shore Technical High School in Middleton, Massachusetts from 6-7:30pm.  Click the link below for a full list of where we'll be this Fall!, Alumni Profile:  '10 NESOP graduate Elena Ricci relocated to New Orleans last year and now belongs to a female photography collective, Southerly Gold.  

She was recently a part of the Louisiana Contemporary Exhibit at the Ogden Museum of Southern Art, and will be participating in the 7th Annual PhotoNOLA along with the other members of Southerly Gold., This weekend, join Location Lighting Workshops with Rick Friedman at the new Calumet Photographic in Cambridge for a 2-day intensive, interactive seminar designed for professional photographers and serious amateurs who want to improve their knowledge of lighting.

There is 25 % discount for students who take this workshop, and additional discounts on photo equipment after the workshop., Ron Cowie's Alt Processes students produce their first round of tintypes., NESOP Admissions Reps will be visiting a number of area schools and college fairs this week, beginning tomorrow from 6-8pm at Plymouth North High School, Plymouth, MA.  For a full list of where we'll be, check out the link below:, NESOP is the MAC-on-Campus.com Featured Photography School for October!, POPCORN! JIMMY STEWART!  MURDER!  MORE POPCORN!!!

Tonight marks the inaugural screening of the NESOP Classic Film Series.  All current students are invited to come view Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 thriller Rear Window from 6 - 9pm, hosted by Steve Cicco., Opening reception for the NESOP Faculty Exhibition held at the Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions., NESOP Instructor / '08 graduate Caleb Cole announces his October 2012 solo show at Gallery Kayafas featuring new prints from 'Odd One Out', as well as his never-before-exhibited sculpture / installation, 'Dolls'.   

For more about this show, as well as information on his upcoming book release 'Other People's Clothes', check out 'Caleb Cole - Fall 2012 Newsletter' here: http://bit.ly/QjubfA, If you've purchased tickets for Photo Nights Boston's 2nd Annual Industry Event happening Thursday night at Quixote Studios, here are a few suggestions on how to make the most of it!, NESOP Instructor KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY is October's Guest Lecturer for The Boston Camera Club Educational Series.  On October 23rd, Keitaro will cover 'Useful and Practical Photoshop Techniques for Architectural Photography'.  This event is open to the public and is FREE to first time guests.  

7PM, Brookline, MA.  www.bostoncameraclub.org, This year, NESOP is offering a new series of classic films open to its current full-time students.  This series is designed to augment students’ formal photographic education, broaden their artistic perspective and challenge and encourage them visually.  This series will present classic films essential to the education of the photo student.  An understanding of film history and tradition provides a very important adjunct to the student of still photography - plus, there's free popcorn!, Young New England Photographers (YNEP) is a juried showcase that aims to digitally publish photographic work by recent graduates from educational institutions in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.  

"The purpose of YNEP is to curate and share exemplary photographic work by recent graduates to a larger public audience and outside the demographic of the student population."  

Submissions will be posted on their website and blog., All week long, Calumet Photographic celebrates the Grand Opening of their new retail location at 150 First Street in Cambridge with sales, free seminars, Location Lighting Workshops with Rick Friedman, and a tribute to the Boston Press Photographers Association with an exhibit of their “2011 Pictures of the Year” on display during the entire week.

"This brand new, state-of-the-art facility features many customer-friendly amenities and services, and we are looking forward to showing it off through Saturday, October 13.", NESOP Instructor and Photographer Stephen Sheffield Photography is featured in the latest issue of The Good Men Project where he discusses everything from surfing to crying and what makes a good man.   

"The Good Men Project is “a cerebral, new media alternative” to glossy men’s magazines. In fact, The Good Men Project is not so much a magazine as a social movement. We are fostering a national discussion centered around modern manhood and the question, “What does it mean to be a good man”?", TONIGHT!  2012 Faculty Exhibition Opening Reception at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions, 5-6:30pm.   This event is free and open to the public - tell a friend!

537 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston., Fashion Photography exhibit "Undressed" by Venetia Dearden, part of Bostonfashion.com, opens this Friday October 5th at the Griffin Museum of Photography by Digital Silver Imaging:, Join us tomorrow evening from 5 - 6:30 for the 2012 Faculty Exhibition Opening Reception at The Garner Center for Photographic Exhibitions.

View the work of 15 artists and professionals currently teaching in the New England School of Photography full-time program - support your local art scene!, Congratulations to NESOP alum Marky Kauffmann, October's 'Guest Artist of the Month' at Soho Photo Gallery.  

Marky graduated from the full-time photography program in 1980 with Honors in Color, Honors in Editorial and Faculty Honors.  Her exhibition, Prayer Images, she explains: "were made for loved ones who have been diagnosed with cancer."   

Opening reception is tonight from 6-8P, 15 White Street, NYC.  For more information on the artist and this exhibition: http://www.sohophoto.com/exhibitions.html, TONIGHT at the Pucker Gallery, photographer Tony King will discuss his personal approach to photography and share his experiences capturing the world with his camera.  To attend, please RSVP to perri@puckergallery.com.

Tony King's current exhibition, Together: Collages by
Judith King and Photographs by Tony King will be on view at Pucker Gallery until 8 October 2012., 2006 NESOP graduate John Steck Jr. returns to Boston with a solo exhibition of new work at the the hallway gallery, Jamaica Plain., NESOP welcomes new students, and welcomes back our 2nd year students - we're looking forward to an exciting year ahead!, REMINDER: 2nd Year Student Orientation is tomorrow, Friday 9/28.  Times are as follows:

10a - 11:30, students with last names beginning A - L 
1p - 2:30, students with last names beginning M - Z

Looking forward to seeing everyone!, "Big Red & Shiny rises from the dark depths of hiatuses to reclaim their title as the overlords of the Boston Arts world.  To show Boston how much they’ve missed their loyal readers, the Big Red & Shiny team will gift us all with a shameless celebration: the Big Red Shindig."  FREE!!!  Saturday 9/29, 6-10P, Mills Gallery at Boston Center for the Arts, 551 Tremont Street, Boston., '08 alum David Butler shares his experience at NESOP and how it him led to his current role as the Brand Photographer for skin care company philosophy:, SAVE THE DATE!  The New England School of Photography presents the 2012 Faculty Exhibition at the Garner Center.  From October 1 - November 9, come view work by 15 artists and professionals currently teaching in our full-time program, spanning commercial and artist disciplines from portraiture, editorial, advertorial and architectural work to documentary & journalism, as well as fine art.  Opening Reception is October 4th from 5 - 6:30PM, 537 Commonwealth Ave., Boston., NESOP will be visiting high schools & college fairs across New England this Fall to meet with aspiring photography students.  Check out our schedule below to find out when we're coming to a town near you!, null, The Boston Center for Adult Education's 2nd Annual Digital Photography Symposium "Take A Shot" will take place TOMORROW, September 22nd - 'Digital Camera 101' and 'Lighting Tips & Tricks' are among the topics that will be covered.  For more information visit their website at: http://www.bcae.org/, THIS FRIDAY & SATURDAY!
OPEN STUDIO IVAN BRENS & LUIS BRENS: "Imagenes de Cuba"
::Photography :: Painting :: Print Making :: Sculpture::

When: Friday 9/21, 5-9PM & Saturday 9/22, 4-8PM
Where: Studio of Ivan & Luis Brens, 368 West Broadway, Boston, NESOP instructor Nick Johnson and his wife Kelli, owners of Gallery Seven Frame Shop & Fine Art Gallery in Maynard, announce their upcoming juried show, “Young & Emerging”.   This show is open to New England artists 18-30 years old working in any 2D media.  The deadline for submission is Oct. 27th.   For more information and full submission guidelines: http://www.gallerysevenmaynard.com/docs/pdf/Gallery_Seven-Emerging_Artists_Juried.pdf, On this day in NESOP History - September 19, 1937:  75 years ago today, Vivian Hallem Hillocks Carruthers scores a hole-in-one while golfing in Alberta, Canada while his 2 year old son, future NESOP founder John H. Carruthers, waits at home., NESOP is coming to a town near you!  From 9/19 through 11/5, NESOP representatives will be hitting the road to visit High Schools & College Fairs throughout New England.  Tomorrow night, 2012 NESOP grad Chelsea Kyle will be speaking with students at Guilford High School, Guilford, CT from 7-8:30PM.  Stay tuned for a full list of locations coming this week!, Class of '00 NESOP grads Day19 - Jeremy & Claire Weiss Photography are featured in the Fall 2012 edition of PDNedu: "Secrets to Success - 5 Young Photographers Share Tips for Building a Great Career.", Opening Reception at Panopticon Gallery for Harold Feinstein | A Retrospective, Stephen Sheffield Photography Exhibition in the Private Room, and Featured Emerging Artist Exhibition, Alipio Hernandez (NESOP '12)., '08 NESOP alum Dana Tarr Photography's work is featured throughout Boulder Magazine's 2012 Fall Fashion spread, including the cover shot:, Metro Boston invites its readers to take part in the sixth edition of the world's largest photograph competition: Metro Photo Challenge 2012!, TONIGHT!  5:30 - 7:30 at Panopticon Gallery - Opening Reception:
- Harold Feinstein | A Retrospective 
- NESOP Instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography will be featured in The Private Room
- 2012 NESOP graduate Alipio Hernandez is Panopticon's next Emerging Artist | Featured, NESOP '12 graduates Alexa Torre, Heather Barnes and Cori-lynne Forbes, along with NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield will have their work included in StoneCrop Gallery's upcoming exhibition: "Love, Hate, and Everything in Between".  Opening reception is THIS Saturday, September 15th from 4-6PM.  For more information call 207-361-4215., There is still some space available in "The Documentary Project" workshop with Michael Hintlian beginning this Monday evening, 9/17.

"As documentarians, we are in the “point of view” business. How do we tell our stories with integrity, clarity and honesty? Where does personal vision come from and how do you tell a story with your unique point of view? What makes a story valid or worthy?  The goal of this workshop is to develop skills needed to become an effective photo documentarian." 

For more information, and to register:, NESOP graduate, instructor and Career & Alumni Services Coordinator, Amy Giese, has her work exhibited now through September 21st at the University of Notre Dame Photography Gallery:, Designed for students who already have a command of basic digital camera skills, Intensive Digital Camera II is an intensive 10-week course that provides the opportunity to master more advanced technical skills and learn to create visually dynamic images.  Instructed by Keitaro Yoshioka, this workshop is held on Saturdays beginning this week 9/15, and running through November 17.  Still space available!, This Friday, 5:30 at Panopticon Gallery - Opening Reception:
- Harold Feinstein | A Retrospective. Some of the 81 year old artist's most beloved images will be on display from September 14 - October 31, 2012
- NESOP Instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography will be featured in The Private Room
- 2012 NESOP graduate Alipio Hernandez is Panopticon's next Emerging Artist | Featured, Still some space available in our 'Conceptual Fashion & Beauty' and 'Conceptual Still Life' workshops with Chris Vaccaro Photography - sign up now to secure your spot! , This Friday & Saturday, EP Levine hosts their Back-To-School-Bonanza.  This event is open to all photography students from high school through higher-ed, photo instructors and anyone connected with institutions of photographic education.  There will be a trade fair showcasing many of the best photographic brands and products available today, and EP Levine will be offering special pricing on many "back to school" items for students., OPEN STUDIO IVAN BRENS & LUIS BRENS: "Imagenes de Cuba"
     ::Photography :: Painting :: Print Making :: Sculpture::

When: Friday, Sept. 21st, 5-9PM & Saturday Sept. 22nd, 4-8PM
Where: Studio of Ivan Brens & Luis Brens, 368 West Broadway, Boston, MA, NESOP is excited to introduce a NEW workshop beginning tomorrow - 'Ultimate Photoshop Techniques' with KEITARO YOSHIOKA PHOTOGRAPHY:  

“Keitaro is a fabulous teacher—always enthusiastic and extremely supportive!”  - Dee McMeekan 

There is still space available, click the link below for more information and to register!, NESOP '12 graduates Alexa Torre, Heather Barnes and Cori-lynne Forbes, along with NESOP instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography will have their work included in StoneCrop Gallery's upcoming exhibition: "Love, Hate, and Everything in Between".  Opening reception is September 15th from 4-6PM, for more information call 207-361-4215., NESOP is excited to offer 'Conceptual Fashion & Beauty' and 'Conceptual Still Life' Photography Workshops this Fall beginning September 14th / 17th, respectively, and instructed by Chris Vaccaro Photography.  Chris earned his BFA in Commercial Illustration Photography from RIT in 1987 and has owned and operated a very successful commercial studio in Rhode Island for the past 18 years, serving major accounts including: Swarovski Crystal, Wenger Swiss Army, and Rhode Island Monthly Magazine, among many others.  https://www.nesop.com/studio_lighting.asp#ConceptualFashionandBeauty, Panopticon Gallery has quite a few exciting exhibitions opening this month:
- Harold Feinstein | A Retrospective.  Some of the 81 year old artist's most beloved images will be on display from September 14 - October 31, 2012
- NESOP Instructor Stephen Sheffield Photography will be featured in The Private Room
- 2012 NESOP graduate Alipio Hernandez is Panopticon's next Emerging Artist | Featured: http://www.alipiohernandez.com/

You can meet all of the artists during the Opening Reception, Friday Sept. 14th from 5:30-7:30pm., Workshops included in NESOP's Fall schedule beginning next week are: 'Basic Color Darkroom' [9/10] and 'Basic Darkroom' [9/12], instructed by Fran Osborn-Blaschke, and Nick Johnson, respectively.  Here is what previous students have said about these courses: 

"Fran was the perfect instructor to have while learning the ropes of color darkroom processing.” - Alice Du

“Nick is the best photography teacher I’ve ever had—so helpful, patient, encouraging...I can understand why people end up taking this workshop for years.”  - Indaia Whitcomb

Our early registration discount is only available through Friday - sign up now!, Griffin Museum at Digital Silver Imaging is featuring 200 never before printed photographs from the Roger Tory Peterson Collection – reflecting Peterson’s interest in natural science, birding, and conservation.
 
Join them for an opening reception tonight from 6-8PM! http://ow.ly/dit7i, 2007 NESOP graduate Aaron Joel Santos Photography documents his recent trip to Battambang, Cambodia through his blog 'From Swerve of Shore': http://bit.ly/PrT721, Are you sick and tired of looking into your closet each day only to find rows and rows of PANTS?   Well, then we've got great news: NESOP T-SHIRTS ARE AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE!  

Designed by the illustrious and talented Ruby Hazzard and produced by CustomInk, you will be the envy of many in your NESOP T-Shirt. $20/ each, available for purchase from the NESOP stockroom, 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Kenmore Square, Boston., Two new videos added to the NESOP channel this week - and stay tuned, we'll be adding more over the next few weeks!, Jason Landry of Panopticon Gallery shares his Top 10 list of books on collecting photography., New videos added to the NESOP Youtube Channel today, including this recent interview with '11 graduate, Ryan McBride: Photojournalist., Didn't get a chance to take one of our many workshops this Summer?   Good News: Our Fall Workshop schedule is out!, The Riverfront Times, covers NESOP Documentary Instructor Michael Hintlian's upcoming exhibition "No Transfer: Photographs From Public Transportation" at the May Gallery at Webster University - "His prints look effortless, evading tangible descriptions such as "image" or "picture," instead offering the feeling of dreams or memories.", "Martine Franck, a photographer whose documentary-style portraits of artists and marginalized populations alike helped her rise into the highest echelons of her profession while fiercely protecting the artistic legacy of her husband, Henri Cartier-Bresson, died Aug. 16 in Paris at 74."  http://bo.st/Ocnyv9, Congratulations to '93 NESOP grad Jeff Glotzl of Glotzl • Creative Imaging - he will have his recent work for the Science Museum of Virginia published in the 2012 Communication Arts Advertising Annual due out in November - check out the link below for more information and to see a slideshow of how this image was created., MetroWest Daily News visits the Griffin Museum's 18th Juried Exhibition - work from NESOP '12 grad Cameron MacMartin, instructor Lance Keimig and workshop student Noah David Bau are all highlighted., The Boston Center for Adult Education's 2nd Annual Digital Photography Symposium "Take A Shot" will take place September 22nd - 'Digital Camera 101' and 'Lighting Tips & Tricks' are among the topics that will be covered.  For more information visit their website at: http://www.bcae.org, Have a favorite instructor from NESOP?  Tweet about them before midnight TONIGHT and you may win!  Click link below for details:, The Robert Klein Gallery presents: BOSTON WEEKEND WORKSHOP with Photographers Alex & Rebecca Webb Oct. 12 – 14.   The Boston Weekend Workshop will take place primarily in the historic Fort Point neighborhood at the Grand Circle Gallery.  For more information about the workshop, including how to apply, please call 617.267.7997., Boston Magazine Photo Editor and 2011 NESOP grad Scott M. Lacey Photography shares thoughts on how his NESOP education and experiences led him to a full-time career in professional photography., Prospective students touring NESOP facilities and learning about the Professional Photography Program, 8/19/12, Speedlights & Sunlight Workshop, 2-Days ONLY, 9/8 - 9/9: A Speedlight is your own private sun.  Use yours with the one in the sky for control, problem solving, and effect.  Using flash with sunlight can solve technical issues and unlock creative flights of fancy.  Take a studio approach outdoors.  See how a Speedlight can tame bright midday sun and add drama to the dullest of overcast days.  When you use your own light, you can make the picture in your mind rather than the one merely in front of your eyes., Time LightBox Best Images of the Week: 8.10.12 - 8.27.12, Introducing the NESOP YouTube channel!   Interviews from alumni and faculty, compilations of professional work from our graduates, and more, all in one tidy little channel!, Less than 2 hours until our Open House begins!  Will you be joining us?

https://www.nesop.com/open_house.asp?  , At NESOP, we measure the success of the Professional Photography Program on the success of our graduates - achievements from some of our alumni are highlighted in this video:, Our Open House is THIS SUNDAY from 11am-2pm!  Will you be joining us?  , '05 NESOP grad Keiko Hiromi's black & white images from her Jacques Cabaret series are featured in GUP Magazine., Students!  Alumni!  Faculty!  Fans!  People interested in purchasing the finest tee-shirt that money can buy!

NESOP T-SHIRTS ARE AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE: Designed by the illustrious and talented Ruby Hazzard and produced by CustomInk, you will be the envy of many in your NESOP T-Shirt. $20/ each, available for purchase from the NESOP stockroom, 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Kenmore Square, Boston., NESOP Documentary Instructor, Michael Hintlian, has an exhibition opening at the end of the month, as well as a new and improved website where you can view his work:, Students!  Alumni!  Faculty!  Fans!  People who are currently bare-chested and would like to change that!  

NESOP T-SHIRTS ARE AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE:  Designed by the illustrious and talented Ruby Hazzard and produced by CustomInk, you will be the envy of many in your NESOP T-Shirt.  $20/ each, available for purchase from the NESOP stockroom, 537 Commonwealth Avenue, Kenmore Square, Boston., Tilt-shift photography uses a special lens to create a shallow depth of field, and make the subjects of a photo look like toy miniatures., The Griffin Museum of Photography Inc's 18th Juried Exhibition remains open through September 2nd.  NESOP graduates Keiko Hiromi, Meghan Ireland Photography, Cameron MacMartin and NESOP instructor Lance Keimig Photographics each had their work selected for this exhibition by juror Paul Kopeikin.  For more information, check out www.griffinmuseum.org, Color photo printed at 100,000 DPI, the highest resolution ever achieved, pushes the boundaries of what’s physically possible:, "Like many famous works of art before it, a colorful mural that dominates a park across from Boston's main train station has stirred some controversy."

'09 NESOP alum, Ben Gebo was hired by the conservancy to document the creation of this mural and said as the piece was painted, its meaning changed.

"It's really up to the eye of the beholder," he said.  "It definitely draws attention and gets people talking, which I think is the important thing.", Are you or someone you know interested in professional photography?  THIS SUNDAY, August 19th, we will be hosting an Open House from 11a-2p - this is a great way for aspiring photography students to meet faculty, tour the facilities, ask questions and view demonstrations like the one pictured here for our Advertising & Commercial Photography Program.  Easily register on-line: https://www.nesop.com/open_house.asp, NESOP Documentary Instructor Michael Hintlian's Exhibition
"No Transfer: Photographs from Public Transportation" opens August 31st at The May Gallery at Webster University, MO.

"All the photographs in the No Transfer gallery were made from the window of a bus or train.  Starting out of a frustration with working on the street in Boston – a very difficult place for a street photographer – it grew into an absorbing project.  Shooting from a bus offered new challenges, how quickly I needed to work, the right seat, dirty and tinted windows.  Almost immediately something different began to happen, something I had been trying to honor for a long time, the ability to respond to the first impulse before my mind starts to run the photograph. On a bus or train there are no second chances or time to consider anything more than perception and react with a camera.  Henry Wessel said it well:  “…(being) outside your mind, your eyes far ahead of your thoughts."  On a bus or train there are no second chances or time to consider anything more than perception and react with a camera.  And I am still learning." - Michael Hintlian, "In the Spring of 2010 and 2011, photographer Katherine Newbegin traveled alone to India where she began a series on cinemas. Most were still currently in use at the time Newbegin photographed them. But in the larger, more developed cities, she says these aging cinemas were harder to find because they are disappearing rapidly in favor of the new mega-plexes, which do not have to pay taxes for 3 years.", David Burnett has been shooting the Olympics since 1984.  What makes him stand out from his fellow photographers with their highest-of-high tech cameras, though, is his gigantic old 4x5 large format view camera:

"I feel like there’s just a million things to still try. I still love shooting with a Holga and with the 4×5. The hardest thing, no matter the gear, is to force yourself to see things in a slightly different way. And don’t go to the finish line, go to the third turn where nothing ever happens and try to make a picture there.", Are you or someone you know interested in a career in professional photography?  On August 19th we will be hosting an Open House from 11a-2p - this is a great way for aspiring photography students to meet administration, faculty and staff, see demonstrations, tour the facilities and get questions about NESOP addressed.  Easily register on-line: https://www.nesop.com/open_house.asp, surf·ing  (sûrfng)
n.  The sport of riding on the crest or along the tunnel of a wave, especially while standing or lying on a surfboard.

Surfing has always been an amazing spectacle.  Certain athletes, beaches, and waves have contributed to surfing's rich visual history, making it one of the most exciting sports to watch and to photograph., By now you've probably heard that NESOP was named "Best Arts Education" by Boston Magazine in their 'Best of Boston' 2012 issue, but did you know that 2004 NESOP graduate, Lauren Killian and her business partner, Jill Person of Person + Killian Photography were voted "Best Photography" this year, as well?  This is the 2nd year in a row that NESOP grads have taken this high honor - Tara Morris and Ben Wight of Hitched Studios were named "Best Photography" in 2011.  Congratulations to all!, Are you stumped by how to present your photography? Assembling a solid and professional body of work is key to successfully selling yourself as a photographer in today's competitive market. Come gain insight into the “dos and don’ts” of creating fine art and commercial portfolios that impress, and gain a better understanding of your target audience in our August 18th workshop - Portfolios with Impact: Crafting a Professional Portfolio that Works.  http://bit.ly/OHqmS2, Congratulations to 2005 NESOP alum Keiko Hiromi - she has been chosen as the August Featured Artist by Northeast Exposure Online / Photographic Resource Center. 

"Keiko combines two well-established subjects in photography — theatrical dressing rooms and drag queens — combining them to bring us intimate portraits of a community in Boston we rarely see...", While they dedicate a large part of their lives to photography, our Faculty, Staff and Administration have many other varied talents and interests outside of NESOP - Dean of Students, Marty Hassell, will perform with the Outer Cape Chorale & Chamber Singers THIS SATURDAY night at 7:30PM at the Wellfleet Preservation Hall - stop by and enjoy the music if you're in the area!, NESOP was named “Best of Boston 2012” for Arts Education!, We are extremely proud and honored to announce that NESOP has been chosen by Boston Magazine as 'Best of Boston' 2012 in Arts Education!   Thank you all for your continued support!, Photographer Michael Wong traveled to Birmingham, Alabama to photograph the U.S.Wheelchair Rugby Team at their training center.  Team USA are the defending world
Paralympic champions from the 2008 Bejing Paralympics in Wheelchair rugby and are Ranked #1 going into the London Paralympics Games, which take place from August 29-September 9, 2012., 2nd Year NESOP student Yorgos Efthymiadis advances  to semi-final round of Adobe Design Achievement awards!, There are still spots available in our "Photographing Children" workshop, which begins next Tuesday, 8/7.

Creating dynamic photographs of children can be both incredibly challenging and rewarding. This intense four-day workshop will introduce students to the art of photographing children - teaching valuable technical skills, inspiring creativity, and helping to develop strategies for overcoming some of the challenges.  For more information, and to register: http://bit.ly/QrxBB4, NESOP Night Photography instructor Lance Keimig lectures at recent Plymouth Digital Photographers Club event.

"[Keimig] showed the audience how an extra source of light, such as a high-powered flashlight, held and moved by the photographer during a long exposure, can yield a striking image.", "After the era of analogue (film) photography was thought condemned and buried in the face of the digital onslaught, a global movement that traces its roots to 1980’s Russia is bringing back the pleasure of film to a new generation.", A collection of images taken during The Olympic Games Opening Ceremonies through history., null, '09 NESOP alum Ben Gebo's work is featured in the July / August issue of Australian Interior Design Magazine Ivy & Piper: Fashion for the Home, including the cover shot!, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, in partnership with the Boston Red Sox, announces the winners of its online photography contest Grandstand to Gallery: Museum of Fine Arts and Fenway Park Photo Project.  Six photographs, chosen from 700 submissions, are displayed in a special exhibition at the MFA on view through October 3 near the Museum’s State Street Corporation Fenway Entrance.

More Information: http://bit.ly/MWRZCi, SAVE THE DATE!  Are you or someone you know interested in a career in professional photography?  On August 19th we will be hosting an Open House from 11a-2p - this is a great way for aspiring photography students to meet administration, faculty and staff, see demonstrations, tour the facilities and get questions about NESOP addressed. Easily register on-line: https://www.nesop.com/open_house.asp, Are you following NESOP on Pinterest?, Some amazing images taken during the first part of the 2012 Tour de France from The Atlantic:, Opening Night Reception for Panopticon Gallery's 'Summer Group Exhibition Extravaganza' featuring work from over 20 photographers, including NESOP faculty members and alumni., Opening Reception for the Griffin Museum's 18th Juried Exhibition. NESOP graduates Keiko Hiromi, Meghan Ireland, Cameron MacMartin and instructor Lance Keimig have all had their work selected for this show by juror Paul Kopeikin., Q&A With Editta Sherman, Celebrity Photographer, Age 100., SAVE THE DATE!  Are you or someone you know interested in a career in professional photography? On August 19th we will be hosting an Open House from 11a-2p - this is a great way for aspiring photography students to meet administration, faculty and staff, see demonstrations, tour the facilities and get questions about NESOP addressed. Easily register on-line: https://www.nesop.com/open_house.asp, This Thursday marks the opening of the Griffin Museum's 18th Juried Show.  NESOP graduates Keiko Hiromi, Meghan Ireland Photography, Cameron MacMartin and NESOP instructor Lance Keimig Photographics have all had their work selected for this exhibition by juror Paul Kopeikin.  Opening reception is Thursday 7/19 at 7:00PM.  For more information, check out www.griffinmuseum.org, Interesting article about photographic artists using Google Street View as their source material rather than taking pictures themselves.  

"It is hard to imagine getting involved in street photography without setting foot in the outside world, but there are people who are taking part and even winning awards for their pictures of places they may never even have visited, except online.", null, null, 2012 NESOP grads Eileen Clynes, Amber Wachtl, Orianna Reardon, Megan Ireland, and Libby Gowen appear in Saturday's Boston Globe "Names" section at the Panopticon Gallery Summer Group Exhibition Extravaganza where Orianna Reardon is the current 'Featured Emerging Artist': http://bo.st/P9NIAo, Panopticon Gallery proudly presents their Summer Group Exhibition Extravaganza, on display from July 12 - Sept. 11 featuring work from over 20 photographers, including NESOP faculty members Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield, and NESOP '09 alum Samuel Quinn.

The Opening Reception will be held tomorrow evening from 5:30-7:30pm.  For more information: http://www.panopticongallery.com/, SAVE THE DATE!  Are you or someone you know interested in a career in professional photography?  On August 19th we will be hosting an Open House from 11a-2p - this is a great way for aspiring photography students to meet administration, faculty and staff, see demonstrations, tour the facilities and get questions about NESOP addressed.   Easily register on-line by clicking below:, 2008 graduate and current NESOP Instructor Caleb Cole has secured funding for production of his Limited Edition hardcover book 'Other People's Clothes'.  

"I'm currently hard at work designing the book and even adding a few new images to the mix.  The book will be available in the Fall and a book signing at Gallery Kayafas is in the works!"

Click below for a sneak peek at some of the images from this project:, Time is running out to join our Creative Self-Expression Workshop beginning this Thursday - DON'T MISS OUT!, NESOP is excited to offer a number of workshops this weekend, including 'Everything About Lenses'.  In this 2-day course students discover the true use of focal length; not to just get more or less in the picture, but to actually control the context and meaning of the picture. To register for this, and other workshops: https://www.nesop.com/advanced_photography.asp#EverythingAboutLenses, THIS WEEKEND ONLY: 'The Business of Wedding Photography' - Sales and marketing are as integral to the success of your wedding photography business as the images you create.  The goal of this workshop is to help you put together a realistic sales and marketing plan that you can implement to help keep you on track and achieve success in the wedding photography industry.  For more info, and to register: http://bit.ly/NfjMkS, Looking to do something creative this Summer?  Our Creative Self-Expression Workshop begins THIS THURSDAY!  This class will help you channel your creativity by introducing you to an array of conceptual and artistic methods in photography.  You will be encouraged to explore subjects that are personal to you, shooting weekly and bringing your images into class for group critique.  For more info, and to register: http://bit.ly/Qd0Gw8, We've added some new boards to our Pinterest page - check it out!, Today is the LAST DAY to receive the Early Registration Discount on our Summer Workshops: Creative Self-Expression begins next Thursday, and we've got 'The Business of Weddings', 'Everything About Lenses' and 'Intro to Final Cut Pro X' all taking place next weekend.  Click for a full list of workshops with descriptions, dates and times - don't miss out!, Congratulations to 2012 NESOP graduate, Orianna Reardon - she has been selected as Panopticon Gallery's next Featured Emerging Artist!, null, Panopticon Gallery is proud to present their Summer Group Exhibition Extravaganza, on display from July 12 - September 11 featuring work from over 20 photographers, including NESOP faculty members Bill Franson and Stephen Sheffield, and NESOP '09 alum Samuel Quinn.

The Opening Reception will be held on Thursday, July 12th, 5:30-7:30pm.  For more information: http://www.panopticongallery.com/, Our Creative Self-Expression Workshop beginning July 12th will help students to channel their creativity by introducing them to an array of conceptual and artistic methods in photography.  Students will be encouraged to explore subjects that are personal to them, shooting weekly and bringing their images into class for group critique.   Register by Friday to receive our early registration discount!  http://bit.ly/Qd0Gw8, Congratulations to 1999 NESOP alum Adrian Mueller - his work for Costa Sunglasses is featured in the 2012 Communication Arts Photography Annual., NESOP is excited to offer a number of Weekend Workshops on July 14 & 15th, including 'Everything About Lenses'.   In this 2-day class, students discover the true use of focal length; not to just get more or less in the picture, but to actually control the context and meaning of the picture.  For more information, and to register for this, and other workshops: https://www.nesop.com/advanced_photography.asp#EverythingAboutLenses, 2005 NESOP alum Keiko Hiromi is now represented by Panopticon Gallery - congratulations to all involved in this exciting new venture!, Amazing images of star trails over the Australian outback captured by amateur photographer, Lincoln Harrison.  Harrison, 37, bought his first camera in October 2010 to photograph some clothes he planned to sell on eBay - within weeks he was bitten by the photography bug and purchased a series of lenses for his Nikon D3100., "Sixteen-year-old Spanish photographer Cristina Otero was eating a kiwi one day and decided to take a picture of herself with it.  The aspiring fashion photographer began her career as an artist at age 13 - she found herself intrigued by the make-up, styling and poses that go into creating a major fashion photo shoot. Ever since then, she's sought to recreate elaborate photo shoots on her own, resulting in imaginative work like the "Tutti Frutti" series.", Students!  Photographers!  Inkjet Enthusiasts!  PDN shares a list of their favorite new Inkjet Papers: from High Gloss to Matte to Metallic and beyond, here are a number of options to help you create a bold, new look., Have you followed us on Pinterest yet?  The board below gives you a behind-the-scenes look at our Advertising & Commercial Photography program, check it out!, Our Creative Self-Expression Workshop beginning July 12th will help students to channel their creativity by introducing them to an array of conceptual and artistic methods in photography.  Students will be encouraged to explore subjects that are personal to them, shooting weekly and bringing their images into class for group critique.  For more information: http://bit.ly/Qd0Gw8, Now you can follow us on Pinterest!  Happy pinning!, THIS WEEKEND!!  NESOP is excited to offer 2 workshops THIS Saturday & Sunday!
  
Saturday.  Lightroom 3 to Lightroom 4: Discover what it takes to transition seamlessly in this one-day workshop.  Students will learn about the new process version and the major changes to the develop module’s basic panel before hands-on practice manipulating images with the new sliders.  Click for more info: http://bit.ly/MQtLg4

Saturday & Sunday.  Speedlights in the Studio - Flash & Existing Light: By exploring the mix of flash and continuous light in the studio, the student will learn to more effectively use flash with existing light everywhere.  Click for more info: http://bit.ly/MTE9jV, "Last night, at the gala opening of the 'Who Shot Rock & Roll' exhibition at Annenberg Space for Photography in Los Angeles, the real rock stars in the room were veteran photographers.  'It's nice to be recognized,' photographer Bob Gruen told Rolling Stone ... this show is about photography.  It's not a picture of Bruce Springsteen because he's so famous, everybody likes him. It's whether or not the photograph is good.'", NESOP is now on Pinterest!   From the classroom, to graduation, to student life, you can now follow a visual timeline of all the exciting things happening here!, NESOP Faculty members Michael Hintlian (Documentary Instructor) and Erin Carey (Color Instructor) are stepping out of the classroom on June 30th to participate in “Blink – A Photography Pop-Up Exhibition”, hosted by Eric Luden at Digital Silver Imaging in Belmont, MA:, 2012 graduate Cameron MacMartin had her photo "Tubes" chosen to be included in the Online Annex of PhotoPlace Gallery's 'Alternative Realties' exhibition. 

"Things are not always as they seem. For the juried exhibition ALTERNATIVE REALITIES, we sought photographs that broaden the definition of realism in photography to encompass subjects that seem imaginary, mysterious, fictional, magical, or even mystical."

For more information and to view the full exhibition: http://www.vtphotoworkplace.com/id165.html, Congratulations to 2011 NESOP Alum Katie Kaizer, her photos appear in two articles found in this month's issue issue of N Magazine - Nantucket., Photographic Workshops @ New England School of Photography started this week and there is space still available in classes like Creative Lighting III which starts tomorrow! This class is great for people wanting to learn advanced lighting techniques. Don't miss out!, Great blog article from Panopticon Gallery intern, Marianne Salza, about NESOP alum Keiko Hiromi and her work with the performers of Jacques Cabaret:, Check out photos from 2012 NESOP Grad Eileen Clynes' exhibition opening!, Have you cast your vote for Panopticon Gallery on the Boston A-List yet?  Click on the link and vote - it will only take you 2 seconds!*  
(*May take up to 5 seconds if you're using a Commodore 64.), Congratulations to the Class of 2012, India Hicks, 1990 NESOP graduate (and distant successor to the British throne), was in Boston last week to talk about her father, David Hicks, famed British designer best known for his work in the 60s and 70s.

“It’s the first time I’ve been back in 20 years,” she said. “I followed a boyfriend to Boston and ended up a student at the New England School of Photography.", LAST CALL!!!  DON'T MISS YOUR CHANCE TO SPEND SUMMER '12 OUTSIDE CAPTURING THE ENERGY OF BOSTON!

1. Urban Landscape is all around us, and it invites us to look at it deeply with a camera. Taught by award-winning documentary photographer Michael Hintlian, this workshop is intended for intermediate students with a working knowledge of the basic techniques of photography and comfort with darkroom and digital practices. Challenge yourself to see and shoot differently as you work toward developing your own landscape vision. http://tinyurl.com/urban-landscape-workshop

2. Street Photography brings you onto the streets of Boston to capture the pulse of this exciting city. Taught by nationally-exhibited and recognized photographer Bill Franson, discussions cover both the history and practice of street photography and will focus on such topics as candid, unobtrusive and confrontational shooting techniques, subjective vs. objective imagery, controlling light and exposure on the street and telling the story you observe or choose to create from your surroundings. http://tinyurl.com/street-photo-workshop, Want to have your photos published in magazines but don't know where to begin?  Our 'Breaking Into the Magazine' Workshop is designed to educate students about preparation, strategies, and developing a successful approach to breaking in to the business of magazine and editorial photography.  Taught by Dana Smith, a widely published magazine photographer whose work has appeared in publications such as Forbes, Fortune, Newsweek, Sports Illustrated, Boston Magazine, The New York Times Magazine and Yankee.  For a full course description and to register for this workshop: https://www.nesop.com/personal_vision.asp#BreakingintotheMagazine, What better way to spend your summer than outside experiencing the energy of Boston?  NESOP has two summer workshops dedicated to capturing the urban images around us: 

1. Street Photography brings you onto the streets of Boston to capture the pulse of this exciting city.  Taught by nationally-exhibited and recognized photographer Bill Franson, discussions cover both the history and practice of street photography and will focus on such topics as candid, unobtrusive and confrontational shooting techniques, subjective vs. objective imagery, controlling light and exposure on the street and telling the story you observe or choose to create from your surroundings.  http://tinyurl.com/street-photo-workshop

2. How do you visually define landscape?  Urban Landscape is all around us, and it invites us to look at it deeply with a camera.  Taught by award-winning documentary photographer Michael Hintlian, this workshop is intended for intermediate students with a working knowledge of the basic techniques of photography and comfort with darkroom and digital practices.  Challenge yourself to see and shoot differently as you work toward developing your own landscape vision. http://tinyurl.com/urban-landscape-workshop, Instead of coming home from work and watching Glee re-runs all summer, do something you love and gain new photography skills at one of our many evening workshops!  

(Register now & receive our discounted early tuition rate.), Congratulations to the Class of 2012 - stay tuned for graduation photos this week!, NESOP 2012 Grad Eileen Clynes has her work featured on the cover of Dig Boston this week!  Check it out!, Congrats to Panopticon Gallery, nominated for Top Art Gallery by Boston A-List!  VOTE!  SHARE!  REPEAT!, Sign up for Summer Workshop classes now to receive our discounted early tuition rate!  Click here for more info:, Before investing in an expensive DSLR camera, or to take a break from shooting with one, try working with a Holga.  It’s an affordable way to discover (or reconnect with) the artist inside you. 

In our workshop, The Holga Experience, you will learn that you don’t need the latest, most expensive equipment, or the sharpest lenses to create compelling, vibrant images.  You will find that the artist makes the photograph, not the equipment.  This 10 week course is open to anyone willing to embrace the possibilities that come with using a plastic camera, shooting black and white film, or with an interest to be re-introduced to the magic of the darkroom process.  Students will come away from this course with renewed vision, significant darkroom skills and an appreciation of photographic craftsmanship. 

For more information, and to register for this workshop: https://www.nesop.com/personal_vision.asp#TheHolgaExperience, Now through April 2013, DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park presents 'Second Nature: Abstract Photography Then and Now':

"By intermixing photographs from DeCordova’s collection with works by contemporary artists including: David Akiba, Lucas Blalock, Mel Bochner, Stan Brakhage, Cree Bruins, Caleb Charland, Talia Chetrit, Matthew Gamber, Meggan Gould, Bryan Graf, Sharon Harper, Greg J. Hayes, Julia Hechtman, Corin Hewitt, Barbara Kasten, Alejandra Laviada, Isaac Layman, Daniel Lefcourt, Aspen Mays, Elizabeth McAlpine, Yamini Nayar, Arthur Ou, Anthony Pearson, Daniel Phillips, Luther Price, Eileen Quinlan, Mariah Robertson, Hugh Scott-Douglas, Luke Stettner, Sara VanDerBeek, and Jennifer West, second nature focuses on the continual probing and questioning of the medium and conventions of picture-making that complicate our understanding of photography.", The 2012 Graduate Exhibition is now open through August 19th.  Stop by the Garner Center at NESOP Monday - Friday, 9A-5P and view work from our very talented 2012 graduating class!, Need some plans for the weekend?  

Select NESOP Faculty, Alumni and 2012 graduating students have their work featured in StoneCrop Gallery exhibition 'Can You Hear Me Now?' opening Saturday night in Ogunquit, ME:, GRADUATION DAY!  Congratulations to all 2012 NESOP grads on reaching this exciting milestone - you worked hard to get here!, null, 'Photographs Not Taken' is a collection of essays from 60 photographers sharing stories about the instances in their life that they were unable to capture an image.  "...moments passed into oblivion, unfixed by the camera — snapshots that went unsnapped.", Ever find yourself asking: “How can I get my work seen?  How can I get my work into galleries and collections?”  Stop by this FREE event today from 4-6 and find out exactly what it takes from the experts!, We've got a fancy new Twitter feed right on the NESOP homepage!  Now you can find up to the minute info - school closings, NESOP news, blog updates and more, all in one tidy little place!  Be sure to follow us @NESOP_Boston if you haven't already., June 16th Exhibition Opening and Reception for 2012 NESOP grad, Eileen Clynes - check out full details below and be sure to show your support!, TONIGHT:  The 7th Annual Focus Awards with an award being presented by NESOP Alum and Current NESOP Faculty, Caleb Cole! , Here are some of the more 'candid' shots from Portfolio Week 2012!, For those of you who were unable to make it to the Artist Reception for "Flashed: A New England Photographers Group Exhibition" last Friday, you can see photos from the event via the link below.  Congratulations to Keiko Hiromi (NESOP '05), and curators Jason Landry ( Panopticon Gallery) and Eugene Hurd (Robert Klein Gallery) on a successful event., The 7th Annual Focus Awards take place tomorrow night, emceed by Panopticon Gallery's own Jason Landry.  Since 2006 the Griffin Museum has given an annual award to recognize individuals who have made critical contributions to the promotion of photography.  Tickets are still available for this event - for more information and to purchase tickets, please visit their website:, Some great photographs of the Golden Gate Bridge over the course of its 75 year history!, Check out this recent spread from 2011 NESOP grad Scott Achs Photography as he documents popular Vermont swimming-holes using medium format color film in the Summer 2012 Edition of Here In Hanover Magazine:, Only 3 slots left for Industry Networking Day - don't miss out on this opportunity!  2nd year students can sign up in the Main Office with a $50 deposit - we'll even supply the pen for you to write your name with - how's that for a sweet deal?!?!, Graduation week is here!, TONIGHT:  Join 2005 NESOP alum Keiko Hiromi at an Artist Reception for "Flashed": A New England Photographers Group Exhibition.  This event kicks off the 2012 Flash Forward Festival, and the exhibit is curated by Jason Landry of Panopticon Gallery and Eunice Hurd of Robert Klein Gallery.  Click below for more information: , null, The final day of Portfolio Review 2012 is more than halfway over - best of luck to those students being reviewed today, and congratulations to those who have already completed this exciting part of their career at NESOP!, Congratulations to Linda Doherty - her photo 'Into the West' was chosen as the Week #4 winner of our National Photo Month Contest!  We received over 100 photo submissions for this contest during the month of May - thank you to all who participated!  To see all 4 winning photos, check out our blog: http://nesopblog.com/, Have you followed us on Twitter yet?  Well, now you can!, TONIGHT: At Panopticon Gallery, meet photographer Mark Chester during his "Twosomes" opening reception and book signing from 5:30 - 7:30pm.   

"Meet the photographer and get his take on 40 years of travel with his camera that have culminated in 101 pairs, and then some." , The Summer 2012 Photographic Workshop schedule is now open for registration!  Click below to see the full schedule and to get some helpful tips on NESOP's registration process:, Sign-up sheets for Industry Networking Day (6/6/12) are posted in the Main Office - there are just a few available slots remaining!  This opportunity is open to Graduating 2nd Year students with a $50 deposit.  DON'T MISS YOUR CHANCE - SIGN UP NOW!, Best wishes to all of the NESOP students and faculty involved with Portfolio Review this week - it's an exciting time for everyone!  Good luck!, In observance of Memorial Day, we will be choosing and announcing the final winner of our Nat'l Photo Month Contest on Tuesday of next week, instead of Monday.  Wishing everyone a safe holiday weekend!, Saturday, the Museum of Fine Arts announced it had received an extraordinary gift of 6,000 photographs from the estate of William Lane, a museum trustee and longtime friend of the MFA.  This collection includes works from Charles Sheeler, Edward Weston, Ansel Adams, Imogen Cunningham and Brett Weston., Check out photos from the Opening Night Reception of the Photographic Resource Center's 2012 Student Exhibition.  Nineteen area schools participated this year, and NESOP students: Cori-lynne Forbes, Alexa Torre, Carrie Kinsella, Connor Summer, Libby Gowen and Anna Davidson were among the exhibitors!, Congratulations to Libby Gowen for having her image selected for the NESOP 2012 Graduation Poster!, Sign-up sheets for Industry Networking Day are posted in the Main Office.  Slots are beginning to fill, and are available on a first-come, first-served basis with a $50 deposit.  Open to Graduating 2nd Year students only.  Don't miss out on this great opportunity!, "Rather than record the external world everyone saw, Uelsmann nudged viewers into examining “The Mind’s Eye’’ they shared with others."  

'The Mind's Eye: 50 Years of Photography by Jerry Uelsmann' can be seen at the Peabody Essex Museum through July 15th., Maine-based photographer, Tanja Alexia Hollander, takes an interesting approach to understanding 'friendship' in the digital age by setting out to meet with and photograph her 600+ Facebook 'friends' in a series called: "Are you really my friend?  The Facebook Portrait Project." , Congratulations to Alix Vrana - her photo "Candy for Giants" was chosen as the Week #3 winner of our National Photo Month Contest!  We’re now accepting submissions for Week #4.  For consideration, please send your original JPEG to NESOPContests@gmail.com. Photos must be received by 11:59 pm EST on Sunday 5/27/12 to be considered. Please limit entries to three photos per day.  All are encouraged to participate., Beginning today, sign-up sheets for Industry Networking Day (Weds. June 6th, 9a-2p) are posted in the Main Office.  The slots are first-come, first-served, with a $50 deposit.  Open to Graduating 2nd Year students only.  

Confirmed Portfolio Reviewers:
-Jason Landry, Panopticon Gallery 
-Glenn Ruga, Executive Director of PRC 
-Dana Berenson, Owner of StoneCrop Gallery 
-Tanya Mathis, Director of Art Buying for Fidelity Communications & Advertising 
-Katie Noble, Photo Editor of Improper Bostonian 
-Scott Lacey, Photo Editor of Boston Magazine 
-Bob Packert, Owner of Bob Packert Photography, NESOP was recently featured on the Travel Channel's 'Best of the Northeast' - check out the video, you might see some familiar faces!, There's still time for you to get your photo submissions in for Week #3 of our Nat'l Photo Month Contest!  Check out our blog for more info, and to see Week #1 & #2 winning photos.  Good luck!, 2011 grad, Brenda Bancel Photography taught middle school students this year in Take 5's inaugural program in photography - they now have an exhibit scheduled at the PRC from May 22-26th!  The opening reception is the 24th from 6-8.  Wine and food served.  Come show your support for these young and very talented photographers!, null, 2005 NESOP grad Keiko Hiromi has been selected to have her work exhibited at the 2012 Flash Forward Festival as part of the group juried show - a special exhibition showcasing ten photographers whose roots are in New England.  Please see the link below for date & time information.  Congratulations, Keiko!, Congratulations to 2nd Year Student Cori-lynne Forbes - she has recently been selected as Panopticon Gallery's Featured Emerging Artist!

Images from Cori-lynne's Distortion series will be on display at Panopticon Gallery from May 30 - July 9th.  Check out their website for gallery hours and further details: http://www.panopticongallery.com/, 2007 NESOP grad Aaron Joel Santos Photography now lives in Hanoi, Vietnam as a documentary and travel photographer.  Check out his blog for some amazing images from Southeast Asia. , Not all of Portfolio Review was serious and intense..., Congratulations to Madison Doucette – her photo submission "Ripple in Still Water" has been chosen as the Week #2 Winner of the NESOP National Photo Month Contest!  We’re now accepting submissions for Week #3. For consideration please send your original JPEG to NESOPContests@gmail.com. Photos must be received by 11:59 pm EST on Sunday 5/20/12 to be considered. Please limit entries to three photos per day. All are encouraged to participate. Click here for more info: http://nesopblog.com/2012/05/01/national-photo-month-contest/, During the month of April, 2001 NESOP grad Mark Werbeloff had his photos exhibited throughout the Lexington Center Starbucks location!  He has also recently returned from a trip to Monterey, CA - you can check out images from his visit here: , We will be announcing the Week #2 winner of our National Photo Month Contest later this afternoon - stay tuned!  In the meantime, check out the Week #1 winning photo from Aprilmarie Houle: , There is still time to submit your photo for Week #2 of our National Photo Month Contest!  Submissions must be received by 11:59pm EST TONIGHT.  We will select and announce the winner tomorrow - click below for more details.  GOOD LUCK! , 1st year NESOP student, Yorgos Efthymiadis and ’11 grad Brian Tortora exhibited their work at the SoWa Art Walk this past Sunday:, Have you entered our National Photo Month Contest yet?  The best photos will be shared with all of our fans and followers on Facebook, Twitter and the NESOP blog - see below for more info!, CBS Local recently published a list of the Top 5 Photography Galleries in Boston - congrats again to Robert Klein Gallery, Panopticon Gallery, Photographic Resource Center, Griffin Museum of Photography by Digital Silver Imaging and The Iris Gallery of Fine Art Photography.  Be sure to give these pages a 'like', and stop by to see them for yourself!, The 12th Annual Fort Point Art Walk, FPAC's Spring Open
Studios will take place this weekend: Friday, May 11, 4-7pm, Saturday & Sunday May 12&13, 12-5pm.

Visit 75 Artists' Studios and Galleries, all within easy walking
distance and buy ORGINAL art from the people who make it!  This year, Sylvia Stagg Giuliano Photographer will be showing a selection of images from her 2005 trip to Cuba,
which will be the subject of an upcoming exhibition at Fort Point Framers, 300 Summer St., Boston.

Click below for more details!, Week #2 of National Photography Month is underway and the submissions are already rolling in!  For your own chance at all of the fame and glory, please send your original JPEG images to NESOPContests@gmail.com by 11:59pm EST on 05.13.12., Check out these very cool images of Indonesian Vespa extremists from NESOP '95 alum Ed Wray:, Studio Building at 450 Harrison Avenue, Studio 305.  ©Brian Tortora 2012, 1st year NESOP student, Yorgos Efthymiadis and '11 grad Brian Tortora were selected to have their work shown at the SoWa Art Walk this past Sunday. For more info, check out their websites: www.yorgosphoto.com and www.tortoravisuals.com
©Daniela Goncalves 2012, Congratulations to Aprilmarie Houle – her portrait submission has been chosen as the Week #1 Winner of the NESOP National Photo Month Contest!  We’re now accepting submissions for Week #2.  For  consideration please send your original JPEG to NESOPContests@gmail.com.  Photos must be received by 11:59 pm EST on Sunday 5/13/12 to be considered.  Please limit entries to three photos per day.  All are encouraged to participate.  Click here for more info: http://nesopblog.com/2012/05/01/national-photo-month-contest/, Congratulations to Boston Herald Photographer / Videographer and 1995 NESOP alum John Wilcox on his recent regional Emmy nomination for Outstanding Video Journalist!, Thanks to Panopticon Gallery for always supporting NESOP students and their work!   Congratulations to all on these recent acquisitions!, Check out these great photos from Second Year Feature Photographer Cameron MacMartin - if you weren't already thinking about what to eat for dinner, you will be now!  , Welcome to Day 2 of National Photography Month - have you entered our photo contest yet?!  The submissions are already rolling in!  Click here for more info:, May is National Photography Month!  To celebrate, we will be accepting your original jpeg photo submissions to: NESOPContests@gmail.com all month long - each Monday we will select that week’s winner and will post / announce the chosen photo on our blog, through an e-mail blast and via our social media channels.  Click here for full details: , Have you followed us on Twitter yet?  All the NESOP news you can handle - in 140 characters or less!, Exciting stuff from NESOP '00 alums Day19 - Jeremy & Claire Weiss Photography:, Congrats to NESOP's own Brian Walters for his recent win in the Boston Press Photographers Association college contest!  Check out all of the winning images here:, Visitors are encouraged to stop by NESOP Mon-Fri, 9a-5p and view our First Year Student Hallway Show.   Can't make it in?   Check out our blog to see some of the images!, Have you visited our blog lately?  Check out recent work by featured first-year student, Yorgos Efthymiadis:, Now you can follow us on Twitter, too!  @NESOP_Boston, Congratulations to our Fine Art-Black & White students studying with Stephen Sheffield on a successful opening last week at Panopticon Gallery!  For those of you who couldn’t make it, here’s a little of what you missed: , null, Meet a NESOP representative and learn about our full-time program and workshops on Thursday April 12, 2012, in Foxborough, MA., Congratulations to Rob Collins for his show at The BLVD. Shop! Come and join Rob tomorrow April 6th. For more info click on the link!, Congratulations to our Fine Art Black & White students! They have an exhibition at Panopticon Gallery starting April 12th. Join us for the Opening Reception on April 19th from 5:30 - 7:30pm.  
, NESOP's CAMP PHOTO summer workshops for teenagers 15-18 years of age are now open for enrollment!  Click here to learn more and to enroll now!, There are still classes available for the Spring 2012 Evening Workshops!  Register before Friday and receive discounted prices.  Here are just some of the classes being offered: Adobe Lightroom, Urban Landscape, Color Darkroom, The Family Portrait, Interior Design, and Creative Lighting II.  To register and find out more information about Evening Workshops visit our website!, At our Open House tomorrow, you will meet faculty, staff, current students and alums. You can also meet with financial aid and admissions staff after your tour. Bring your questions!, Are you planning to attend our Open House this Sunday, March 11th? Tours will leave regularly between 11am and 2pm. Come check out the facilities, learn about our program and careers in photography, and meet faculty, staff, students, and alumni. Email info@nesop.com for more info., We have posted some new work on our NESOP Blog. This is work from our Creative Imaging Arts students. What do you think?, There will be a gallery opening at NESOP tomorrow, Wednesday evening from 6:30-8:30 pm. The artist is Elizabeth Libert. Come meet the artist and support the school!

, NESOP alum Sam Quinn and full time Faculty Stephen Sheffield are both in an exhibition at Panopticon Gallery that opens this Friday at 5:30pm., Last 2 days to register for the workshop Bruno Debas is running on Saturday the 25th. Hyper Real photography with 2 models and all the post production in the afternoon. Check it out and register on our site!, We have some new posts on our Nesop Blog! Check out the work of some of our 2nd Year Advertising students! What do you think?, Our next Open House will take place on Sunday, March 11th, from 11 AM to 2 PM. If you are interested in attending NESOP, this is a great chance to see the facilities, meet current students and alumni, and learn all about the program and careers in photography from our esteemed faculty. RSVP or ask questions at info@nesop.com., The college fair season has officially begun, as our alumni representative is in Pittsburgh, PA, this week. If your school is attending the fair, stop by and say hello!, It's orientation day for our incoming full-time students who will begin classes on Monday. Welcome to our new NESOP-ers!, Yes! NESOP does offer an Evening Workshop Program! A new session of workshops begins every 12 weeks, you can also sign up for our email list to get the most current information.  Our next session starts in March. 
, Some of our current students and alumni got published! Check out their work!, More news about Amy Giese! Check out her blog if you want to know more about her process and her art., Check out these intensive workshops for professional photographers:  http://conta.cc/wIqkem, Amy makes art in Prague! Check out this amazing view., Our students are sharing their work on NESOP's Blog! Check it out!, Take a look at the selected photos from our current 1st Year Term 1 Student Hallway Exhibition. Remember you are also welcome to come to the school to see them in person!, Our two main hallways are dedicated to show students work. Take a look at the selected photos from our current 2nd Year Term 1 Student Hallway Exhibition. You are also welcome to come to the school to see them in person!, Our 2nd year students are making great digital presentations! Take a look at a few of them on our blog., Workshop check-in this week!, Basic Darkroom and Launching Your Business are starting tomorrow and there is space still available! Sign up online today! , Happy New Year, everyone! We'll see you again on Monday (yes, Monday Jan. 2nd) ready to start Term 2 and the Winter Workshops!, 
NESOP's Evening Workshop Classes are still available! Classes start January 2nd and we have some great film classes available. Color Darkroom, Positive to Positive and other great classes. To find out more information and register for a class go to http://nesop.com/current_schedule.asp , Amy's artist talk is today at 6pm in the Garner Center. Don't miss out!, The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston will welcome Mister Heavenly this month for a special musical performance in the MFA’s Remis Auditorium. 

November 19: Mister Heavenly
7:30pm
$18 for students

Nick Thorburn of Islands and the Unicorns, Ryan Kattner of Man Man, and Joe Plummer of Modest Mouse joined in 2010 to form Mister Heavenly—a band, a threesome as charming and, sometimes, as tricky to pin down as their moniker suggests. 

, Congrats to Tommy Chevalier his photos are in the New England Post! , Today one of our students called Boston a good combination of the Midwest and Europe. What do all of you photographers and future photographers think about our city?, Its college and career fair season! Next week our alumni representatives will be in Plymouth, Hyannis and Lowell, MA. Want us to visit your school? Email stephp@nesop.com., Hello NESOPers,
We are open, and running classes as usual on Monday October 10th!, The Japanese Artists Association of New York is hosting it's Annual Exhibition and Small Works for Japan Relief and Keitaro Yoshioka is part of the show!  The Opening Reception is this Friday, September 16, 6-8:30pm and the show will be up through the 27th of September.  For more info go to http://jaa-ny.org       , Due to Hurricane Irene, NESOP will be closed on Sunday, 08/28/2011.  Stay dry and enjoy your Sunday., Our Fall 2011 Evening Workshop Classes are now available! Follow this link to see the schedule and sign up! , Missing today's Open House? You can schedule a personal tour on a day that works for you. Just call our main office to set one up., Interested in our full-time program or workshops? We're hosting an Open House this Sunday from 11 AM - 2 PM. Come for a tour of the facilities, presentations by faculty, and to ask questions to our students, staff and alumni! Email info@nesop.com to RSVP., Our Recruitment Coordinator is planning a lineup of fall college and career fairs and high school visits. Want us to come to your school or event? Email stephp@nesop.com. Thanks!, For all Professional Photography Program Alumni:
If you haven't been getting NESOP information and you want to keep in touch, email your current information to agiese@nesop.com!, The Danforth Museum of Art has announced their selected images for the New England Photography Biennial 2011 exhibition.  The show will run from September 11, 2011 through November 13, 2011. 

Congratulations to Bill Franson, Caleb Cole and Rebecca Gutwin, their work was chosen for this exhibition!, Hello Future NESOP Class of 2013:  If you’ve only been reading our Facebook page, now is the time to get connected on it.  We just saw a great article on one of your soon-to-be classmates, and thought we’d share.  Zach—good luck as you finish up your internship.  See you in the fall!
, Anyone interested in Wedding Photography our Business of Wedding Photography Workshop is coming up July 23rd & 24th and there is still time to enroll.  For more information click on this link!  Don't miss out!, There is still room in our Professional Photography Program that begins on October 3rd. It's not too late to apply! We suggest you do it soon though; our Admissions and Financial Aid offices are entering their busiest season of the year. Contact us for more info about applying., http://nesopblog.com/2011/07/01/class-of-2011-winning-image-for-the-scholarship-fund/, Hey NESOPers!  All NESOP facilities will be closed July 2nd through July 4th for the holiday weekend. We apologize for any inconvenience and we will be back Tuesday morning July 5th., Congratulations Graduates!, http://nesopblog.com/2011/06/20/2011-graduation-ceremony/, null, http://nesopblog.com/2011/06/16/2011-graduation-exhibition/, http://nesopblog.com/2011/06/14/amy-giese-solo-exhibit-at-real-arts-ways-in-hartford-ct/, Congratulations and best wishes to all NESOPers who are graduating tonight! Work hard, have fun, and stay in touch!, http://nesopblog.com/2011/05/31/people-are-light/, Home stretch! It is Portfolio Review Week for NESOP's 2nd Year Students! Join us in wishing each and everyone of them all the best on their reviews!, http://myemail.constantcontact.com/Summer-2011-Photographic-Workshops-OPEN-.html?soid=1101432108504&aid=xWn59me_d9M, http://nesopblog.com/2011/05/09/sarah-richard-elope/, null, http://nesopblog.com/2011/05/05/tornado-aftermath-in-ringgold-ga/, http://nesopblog.com/2011/04/29/pop-exhibition-tremont-647/, © Anthony Sahadeo, http://nesopblog.com/2011/04/27/maine-interiors-annie-claflin/, © Anthony Sahadeo, http://www.boston.com/ae/theater_arts/articles/2011/04/19/in_images_of_immediacy_everlasting_art/, http://www.nesop.com/high_school_programming.asp#ExploringtheDigitalDarkroom:PlayingwithPixels, The Garner Center has highlighted Catalina Piedrahita on their blog, http://www.mojopages.com/biz/new-england-school-of-photography/boston/ma/02215/3862325

Vote for us on Mojopages.com! , http://www.nesop.com/high_school_programming.asp#ExploringtheBlack&WhiteDarkroom:PlayingwithSilver, Our alumni representatives are in Boston and Somerville today to talk with high school students, and at Gillette Stadium tomorrow for a Veteran Opportunity Expo., http://nesopblog.com/2011/04/12/nesop-vj-students-awarded-bppa-2010-college-photo-contest/, http://nesopblog.com/2011/04/11/2011-prc-student-exhibition/, © Anthony Sahadeo, http://nesopblog.com/2011/04/08/congratulations-manolo-sandoval/, Today our alumni representatives are visiting high schools in Hyannis and Westwood, MA. Tomorrow they will visit Brookline, MA, and Nashua, NH., http://www.panopticongallery.com/exhibitions/
We would like to congratulate Stephen Sheffield, Full-Time Faculty member, and Sam Quinn, 2009 NESOP Alum, for their stunning work currently exhibited and sold at Panopticon Gallery in Kenmore Square. , http://griffinmuseum.org/exhibition-digital-silver-imaging.htm, http://nesopblog.com/2011/04/05/congrats-ryan-mcbride-on-spd-1st-place-prize/, http://www.nesop.com/advanced_photography.asp#TheBusinessofWeddingPhotography-2Day
The goal of this workshop is to help you put together a realistic sales and marketing plan that you can implement to help keep you on track and achieve success in the wedding photography industry., CAMP PHOTO High School Summer Camp is now OPEN for Registration Online! Space is limited so please don't hesitate to call if you have any questions! Online registration requires payment in full at the time of sign-up. 
http://www.nesop.com/high_school_programming.asp, http://nesopblog.com/2011/03/30/captured-reflections/, http://nesopblog.com/2011/03/22/congratulations-to-libby-gowen-photographers-forum-finalist/, NESOP Open House is the perfect way to find out more about our full-time Professional Photography Program. Open Houses give you the opportunity to meet several Full Time Faculty members as well as the Administration and Facilities! We hope to see you at the next Open House on Sunday, August 14th. Visit nesop.com today to RSVP. , There is a review of Andrea Raynor's "Found" show in the current issue of Art New England!, Spring 2011 Photographic Workshops are now open for registration! Check out our latest offerings! http://www.nesop.com/current_schedule.asp
, Our admissions/alumna representative is in Springfield, MA, today and tomorrow for the NACAC college fair. Stop by our booth to grab some literature and say hello., Come support "Lovesick Cafe", a sculpture exhibition/installation by the Individuals Collective including second year NESOPer, Dominic Casserly!

Opening Reception!
Saturday March 5th from 8pm - 11pm 
Extension Gallery at Orchard
156 Harvard Ave, 2nd Floor
Allston, MA 02134, http://nesopblog.com/2011/03/03/engagement-in-granby-ma/, New England School of Photography is excited to announce that the 2011-2012 Full-Time Professional Photography Program Admissions Application is now available ONLINE! https://www.nesop.com/apply_now.asp?, http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/artist/, http://nesopblog.com/2011/02/07/egypt/, http://nesopblog.com/2011/02/03/blizzard-portraits/, Wednesday, February 2, 2011:  NESOP will be closed due to the snow.  Stay safe everyone and enjoy the weather!, Tuesday, February 1, 2011:  SNOW AGAIN!  This evening's workshops are canceled.  Facilities will remain open for student use., http://nesopblog.com/2011/02/01/nyc-couture/, Thursday, 01/27/11 - NESOP at Night - Creative Lighting II with Steve Ostrowski is canceled this evening. All other evening workshops are running as scheduled., Thursday, 01/27/11: NESOP full-time classes will have a 3-hour delay due to the storm today. Facilities will open the building at 10 a.m. for those who are close by and want to get in and do some work. The main office will open on the 3-hour delay, so its hours today will be 12 p.m.-5 p.m. We hope this gives all of you sufficient time to clear the snow from your path and get to school safely. See you soon., http://nesopblog.com/2011/01/26/winter-wonder/, Friday, January 21, 2011:  One-hour Delay due to Snow!  This means that morning classes start one hour later than usual.  Afternoon and evening classes are not affected and will be held on their regular schedule.  Travel safely and enjoy the snow!, http://nesopblog.com/2011/01/20/fancy-families/, No Evening Classes Tonight, January 18, 2011, due to the snow.  Stay safe!, Artist Reception is Wednesday January 19th, 2011 at 6:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m., NESOP will be closed on Wednesday, January 12, 2011 due to the impending storm.  Stay in, stay warm, stay safe!, There is still time to apply for our Professional Photography Program that begins in February, but time is getting short. If you're interested, please contact our admissions department today! admissions@nesop.com, null, http://www.nesop.com/current_schedule.asp, null, This week our alumni are at college and career fairs in Reading, Hyannis, Lowell, Fall River, Boston, and Tiverton, RI., Join NESOP's Dean of Students, Martha Hassell, for spoken word and visual presentation at the Atomic Bean Cafe', 904 Mass Ave in Cambridge this Thursday, October 21st @ 7:45pm., Once again Boston has topped the rankings for most innovative city in the world, just ahead of Paris and Amsterdam, in a report by the 2thinknow Innovation Cities Program. This is a great place for creatives to live and work. Read the full data in the link below., http://nesopblog.com/2010/10/06/visual-reportage-retrospective-2007-2010/, This week NESOP will be at college fairs in Manchester, NH, and Waltham, Cambridge and Peabody, MA. If your school will be present, come say hello to our recruiting alumni!, http://nesopblog.com/2010/09/28/live-young/, This week NESOP will be at college and career fairs in Amesbury and Wakefiled, MA. If you're a student, photo teacher or guidance counselor there, come say hello!, http://microsite.smithsonianmag.com/museumday/venue.html, We have begun our fall recruiting season at college and career fairs around New England! This week our representatives will be in Durham, NH; Gorham, ME; and Foxborough and North Attleboro, MA., Ron Cowie, NESOP Faculty Member, will be having an opening reception on Oct 14th of "Inventory" at University of 
Rhode Island's Hatchery Gallery, located in the Fine Arts Center on the 
Kingston Campus. Reception hours are from 6-8pm. '"Inventory," catalogs some of the items belonging to my late wife, Lisa Garner. The project started as a way to 
simply learn a process and sort out her effects...", http://nesopblog.com/2010/09/14/mit-night/, With the first week of fall workshop classes beginning next week they are quickly filling up! Here are a few to check out for the Fall! 

Architectural with Keitaro Yoshioka - http://www.nesop.com/advanced_photography.asp#ArchitecturalPhotography

Basic Darkroom with Nick Johnson - http://www.nesop.com/foundation_photography.asp#BasicDarkroom

Basic Color Darkroom with Fran Osborn-Blaschke - http://www.nesop.com/foundation_photography.asp#BasicColorDarkroom, Hello NESOP Fans!! Our Fall Photographic Workshop Schedule is here! Keep your photography fresh and creative with one of our many workshop options.
Workshops: http://www.nesop.com/workshops.asp

Find out which workshops are best suited for you! Visit our Workshop Tracks: http://www.nesop.com/workshops_tracks.asp, http://nesopblog.com/2010/08/04/congratulations-to-fiona-boyd/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/08/02/national-flag/, null, http://nesopblog.com/2010/06/15/2010-graduation-ceremony/, null, http://nesopblog.com/2010/05/31/childish-expression/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/05/21/congratulations-carly-lachant/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/05/18/discovering-photographic-goals/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/04/29/congratulations-to-chandra-guthro/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/04/27/vintage-fashion-romantic-feel/, null, http://nesopblog.com/2010/04/22/congratulations-yusuke-suzuki/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/03/07/dominic-casserly%e2%80%94first-year-term-2-student/, Andrea Wenglowskyj: Сокіл/Sokil
April 26, 2010 - June 4, 2010
Opening Reception Wednesday April 28, 2010, http://nesopblog.com/2010/03/28/chandra-guthro%e2%80%94second-year-term-3-student/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/03/07/morgan-yeager%e2%80%94second-year-term-2-student/, http://nesopblog.com/2010/03/07/yusuke-suzuki%e2%80%94first-year-term-i-student/, Announcing the NESOP Alumni Blog!

NESOP has a new alumni blog!! (http://nesopalumniblog.com/).  The blog is a terrific new vehicle to showcase alumni work and 
announce your shows and special events!! 


If you are an alum and would like to brag about some of your recent work or be linked to the blog via our alumni listings get in touch with Kate Murphy at kmurphy@nesop.com, launches CAMP PHOTO, a summer workshop for high school students between the ages 15 - 18. So if you know an aspiring photographer between the ages of 15 - 18, pass this information along!

NESOP will be hosting two (2) intensive, week long CAMP PHOTO sessions

1.)  Exploring the Black & White Darkroom: Playing with Silver
        July 19 - July 23, 2010 from 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. each day

2.) Exploring the Digital Darkroom: Playing with Pixels
        August 2 - August 6, 2010 from 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. each day

Please visit our website for more details..., April seems to be flooded with big photography 
related events in and around Boston – it must be all that rain.! 
Here’s some dates to add to your calendar:

April 15-18th —
 ASPP Reinvention Weekend–The American Society of Picture 
Professionals (ASPP) and the Picture Archive Council of America 
(PACA) present a 3-day Reinve...ntion Weekend at the Omni Parker House 
Hotel in Boston, April 15 – 18, 2010Trade show on Thursday April 
15th is FREE.Full information about sessions, speakers and sponsors 
at http://www.aspp.com/index.php/education/2010-conference

April 17 
&18 – PHOTOGRAPHICA  2010–PHSNE announces the 73rd Photographica
 Sale and Show taking place at the American Civic Center (467 Main 
St. in Wakefield).  9am-4pm on Saturday, 9am-3pm on Sunday.More 
information and coupon at www.phsne.org

April 25 — Handmade 
Photography in the Digital Age–The New England Women in Photography 
(NEWIP) presents: Handmade Photography in the Digital Age.  Sunday April
 25, 2010 from 9:30am-4pm at the Linda K. Paresky Conference Center -
  Simmons College. Day includes networking session, panel discussion, and
 informal sharing of work.More information at: http://www.museumofmemory.com/other/newip.pdf, 1999 NESOP Graduate, Adrian Mueller, was recently named to PDN's 30.  Congratulations Adrian!  To see some of Adrian's work, visit his website:  http://fabrik-studios.com/site.php, SPRING WORKSHOPS LAST CALL!!!

Hey everyone, despite all of the interest in our Architectural Photography Workshop, we still do need 2 more students to run the class!  The class starts tomorrow (Wednesday 3/31) night and runs for 8 weeks!  

We also need a few more students for Advanced Darkroom on Thursdays (begins 4/1) and Fashion on Fridays (begins 4/2).

For registration forms, please click on the link below!, SPRING WORKSHOPS!

Classes begin Monday March 29th!
Spaces are still available.  Please check the website for updated 
information.

Register by this Friday, March 26th for a discounted tuition rate!, The Photographic Workshops - SPRING 2010

Classes begin March 29, 2010!!!!

Schedule now available on the NESOP website: http://nesop.com/project_files/WorkshopSchedule.pdf

Register by Friday, March 26th for a discounted tuition rate!, Hey NESOP fans!

NESOP now has an official blog!  It's brand new, and right now features some work by a few of our current students.  More to come soon!  Please check it out!)