List(Oya Cuban Cafe will be permanently closed for Relocation. If you recently bought or have a Gift Certificate Please contact us at: email@oyacubancafe.com for a complete refund. 
Oya Cuban Cafe would like to thank to all of our Costumers for this two wonderful years!!! We will keep you informed online of our new location coming up in the near future, and on social media. Thank you!!!, null, null, null, Happy Holidays!!!, Oya Cuban Cafe will be closing on December 24th and the 25th for the holidays. We will reopen doors on Friday 26th for Dinner at 4pm.
We really sorry for the inconvenience. We wish you Merry Christmas.
Call Us for your reservation, and leaves us a brief message at (781) 322-1834, Hi there,
Oya Cuban Cafe will be closing on November 27th and the 28th for the holidays. We will reopen doors on Saturday 29th for Dinner at 4pm.
We really sorry for the inconvenience. We wish you a great Thanksgiving Day, call for your reservation, and leaves us a brief message at (781) 322-1834, One of our most delicious and tasteful meals is Bistec Encebollado. 
The sirloin steak is cooked with Sauté Oniones, Cuban Mojo, Moro Rice and Tostones.
Preferences: Rare, Medium Rare, Medium, Medium well and Well done. 
Come visit us today, and enjoy pieces of steak with a glass of wine :), Have you tried our Crispy Pork Belly with Scallops, that will provide you with unforgettable Cuban essence? If not, Today is the perfect moment to come to our Restaurant and check out what we have to offer :), Today is a perfect day to bring your date or a loved one to Oya Cuban Cafe and take pleasure in appetizing Cuban food and energizing Cuban atmosphere that will add positivity and joy to your weekend :), Our goal is to make your visit to Oya Cuban Cafe authentic and memorable. Every Thursday through Saturday nights, besides the tasty Cuban flavors and food, we fill the atmosphere with the presence of Live Cuban Music.
 Check out the website :

http://www.musicadecoco.com/, Oyá Cuban Café is dedicated to serving our community with the best cuban flavors and tastiness. Thus, come and taste the best flavors of sunny Cuban food and smell the aroma of freshly brewed cuban coffee., Oyá Cuban Café Team is going on Vacation. 
We will be Closed for the fallowing days: 
August 11 through August 21 
Will be Reopen on  Friday August 22 
For reservations please email to: 
email@oyacubancafe.com  
We appreciate your business, and hope to see you soon...
Thank You., Hi there, Oya Cuban Cafe will be closed for this coming 4th of July, the restaurant will be open the next day at 12 noon. We wish you a very
happy 4th of July.
Best,
Oya Cuban Cafe Team mío, Seafood Paella, Summer Special. Starting at 5 pm from Tuesday to Saturday. See you soon, Oya Cuban Cafe Team., null, null, null, null, null, Many Thanks to our customers for all the support and understanding during last week's Special Event. We're back to Regular Hours., Happy New Year everyone... after the past of the winter storm the phone line is not working properly so you may don't communicate with us when you call; please find us online at: www.oyacubancafe.com and clic on contact us to do your reservation. sorry for the inconvenience we belive that the problem will be resolved by monday afternoon. Thank you very much hope to see everyone Tomorrow..., Let us cook for you in your holidays... 
Oya Cuban Cafe will be Closed from Sunday 21st to Wednesday 25th and will be closing Sunday 29th to January 1st  
Call us today, place your order, and pick up the day of the event. 
Check our menus online at www.oyacubancafe.com 
Merry Christmas., Oyá Cuban Café will be closed for Thanksgiving Day. 
We will re-open Friday Nov. 29th. 
Thank You very much. 
Happy ThanksGiving!!!, Especial tonight and Friday night at #Oya #Cuban #Cafe. 
Top Butt Steak with sautéed mushrooms and red wine reduction Demi-Glaze. 
Don't miss the especial. 
See you there. 
Go Red Sox., Check in on yelp with your smart-phone at Oyá Cuban Café, and claim your FREE Mariquitas with your order. 
See you at Oyá Cuban Café., Great especial tonight. Grilled pork loin with a caramelized onion mustard cream sauce accompanied with papas habaneras and grilled asparagus. 
See you at Oyá Cuban Café, Hi There, Oyá Cuban Café will be closed next Monday October 14th, we will re-open on Tuesday October 15th. 
We wish you a great holiday. 
Thanks... 
Oyá Cuban Café Team., Governor Deval Patrick finish the tour at Oyá Cuban Café, Hi There, Oyá Cuban Café will be closed next Monday September 2nd, will be reopen on Tuesday September 3rd. 
We wish you a great holiday. 
Thanks... 
Oyá Cuban Café Team., http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/regionals/north/2013/07/27/oya-cuban-cafe-malden-enhances-traditional-cuisine/HtZOUVurFuXcB6Io3woIyL/story.html, Special, Special pork loin, Special tonight at Oyá Cuban Cafe. El Chuleton (pork loin) with fresh mango salsa and balsamic glaze reduction. Enjoy. See you tonight., null, null, Hi there, now serving BEER AND WINE at Oyá Cuban Café.
See you soon......, Hi there, FREE MARIQUITAS TONIGHT WHEN YOU ORDER AN MEAL FOR DINNER AFTER 5PM!!!
SEE YOU SOON..., Hi there....The special tonight is a delicious fresh seafood casserole cooked Spanish style, and to add more flavor and fun we have live Cuban Music tonight and tomorrow. Please join us at Oyá Cuban Café...to experience a hint of Cuba and its favors....Thanks a lot for all your comments and support. See you soon., El Habanero #filet, null, Papito in Boston., Cream of Carrots., First kids in Oyá, Scallops., First day!!!, null, null, null, null, We are closed tonight because of the storm, we have the same hours tomorrow from 11am to 10:30pm. We are sorry for any inconvenience. See you there!!!, Rice Pudding., El Negrito Burger. Only at Oyá in Malden.
Come to check us!!!
See you soon!!!, visit us at: www.oyacubancafe.com, www.oyacubancafe.com, Oya Cuban cafe coming soon in Malden MA, null)