List(New on Draught:
Queen City South End Lager, Anchor California Lager, Cambridge Remain In Light, Epic Big Bad Baptist, Wicked Weed El Paraiso Coffee Stout, Carlow O'Hara's Irish Red, Fuller's ESB, The Hop Concept Dank & Sticky IPA, Hidden Cove Thunderclap, Port Wipeout IPA, SingleCut Billy Full Stack, Castle Island Keeper, Antivillain Ale 8-Bit Ipa!, Ipswich Route 1a Double IPA, Grimm Afterimage, Tonight's Roast is:
Boneless Short Rib
Herb Roasted Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Pan gravy

We open at 5pm!, Happy Easter! We're opening at 5pm today. #Cheers!, For #BeerGeek Monday we are featuring Wicked Weed Brewing and Stoneface Brewing Co.!
Wicked Weed Freak of Nature - 8.6%  Double IPA
Wicked Weed El Paraiso - 9.5% Imperial coffee stout brewed with North Carolina roasted coffee and cocoa nibs.
Stoneface Hopulization - 8.9% Double IPA
Stoneface IPA - the breweries flagship, IPA
Stoneface Red Rye IPA, Here is tonight's roast!, null, Sometimes you go to St. Patrick's Day, sometimes St. Patrick's Day comes to you. Either way, we've got all the Guinness, boiled dinners and Ronan Quinn playing live from 4pm-7pm on Thursday., Did someone say Meatloaf? Tonight's special is...
Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf stuffed with cheddar and BBQ smashed potatoes, sour cream and chives with BBQ reduction and sauteed spinach., Today's #BeerGeek beer is Maine Beer Company Beer 1, Tonight's Sunday Roast is Mustard and Horseradish Center Cut Pork Loin, Are you an experienced server looking to work at an awesome bar? Now's your chance! Olde Magoun's is hiring! Please drop off resumes in person at the bar after 11:30am. Spread the word!, Tonight's BBQ is:
Fried Chicken with chipotle honey, Smoked Baby Back ribs, NC Pulled Pork, Coleslaw, Cornbread and Watermelon., Be a menu tester tonight with this week's Blackmoor Bar + Kitchen test menu. Try the dishes and give us your feedback! We want to know!, Check out tonight's BBQ:
Baby back ribs, grilled chorizo, BBQ pulled pork, green chili mac & cheese, coleslaw and homemade biscuit.
5pm ya'll!, Tonight! Get a preview of the new menu at Blackmoor Bar + Kitchen right here at Olde Magoun's before it opens! It begins at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/blackmoor-test-kitchen-wednesday-menu-in-march/, New on Draught:
Jack's Abby Leisure Time Lager, SingleCut Kt66, Mahrs Brau Ungespundet Hefetrub, Night Shift Awake, Fuller's London Porter, Two Roads Igor's Dream, Grimm Lambo Door, Maine Beer Co Lunch, Rogue Brutal Bitter, Port Hop Freshener Dank & Sticky, Heavy Seas - Winter Storm ("Category 5" Ale), Tröegs Nugget Nectar, Epic Lil' Brainless Raspberries, Cambridge Peaches En Regalia, Get a sneak preview of the menu at Blackmoor Bar + Kitchen starting this Wednesday!, Roasting on a Sunday:
Pepper Crusted Center Cut Beef Sirloin
Blue Cheese Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Pan Sauce, Check out tonight's BBQ:
Baby back ribs, grilled chorizo, BBQ pork chop, black-eyed peas & rice, creamy potato salad and homemade biscuit., Our Meatloaf Special is a Meatloaf Parmesan with Penne Pasta.

Beer Geek Beer is Igor's Dream from Two Roads., Our Sunday Roast tonight., Wicked Bites stopped in to check out our Mac & Cheese menu., We are open!, How does Chef Howie like to prepare eggs? Click the link to find out!, Still working on getting back open.  Thank You for your patience., Our plan is to be back open today for lunch. We'll let you know if anything changes. Thank you for your patience!, Unfortunately, we had a pipe burst due to the inclement weather and can not be open today.  We are doing our very best to be open tomorrow.  We will keep you posted.  We are so sorry for any inconvenience.  We look forward to serving you soon., Come warm yourself by our Sunday Roast!
Spicy horseradish and mustard crusted center cut pork loin, served with bacon and rosemary roasted potatoes and sauteed spinach., Tonight's BBQ is: Jamaican Fried Chicken, Smoked Baby Back Ribs, Boneless Pork Chop and Smoked Beans, Sweet Potato and Corn Bread., Tonight's Meatloaf is...
Meatloaf stuffed with chorizo & cheese curds, mashed potatoes, sauteed garlic vegetables and house gravy., New on Draught:
Franziskaner Dunkel Weisse, The Tap Joshua Norton Imperial Stout, Cambridge Blunderbuss, Grimm Lumen, Captain Lawrence Palate Shifter, Wicked Weed Pernicious IPA, Duchesse De Bourgogne, Goose Island Lolita 2015, Lost Abbey Cuvee De Tomme W/ Cherries, Got a snow day today? Come on in for lunch! We're open! Plus we have some amazing sour beers hitting the draft lines at 5pm. #snowday #sourpower, And we're off! The 11th Annual Chili Cook-Off is underway!, Sure, you could sit at home to watch the Super Bowl or you could come here and get 28 beers on draft, 3 cask ales and an All-You-Can-Eat BBQ Tailgate Party! How does that sound?, It's chicken and waffles time! Soul Food menu is on!, Tonight's Beer Geek is Maine Beer Lunch, and the Meatloaf is Cajun style with mashed potatoes., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Yankee Pot Roast - herb and vegetable braised beef with carrots, potatoes and onions served with house made popovers., Got plans for the Super Bowl yet? Zagat did a write-up on all we have going on., We think you need a little bit of soul in your life., New on Draught:
Von Trapp Helles, Cambridge The Vienna Secession, Harpoon Thunder Foam, Harpoon Czernobog, The Tap Asteroid B-327, Ipswich Route 101, SingleCut Billy Half-Stack IPA, Harpoon Hoppy Adventure, Harpoon Hoppy Red Amber, Tonight is the last night for bacon :( Be sure to grab some before it's gone! #PleaseStayBacon #Bacon4Ever, We've got Meatloaf and Harpoon on tap for ya.
Mexican Meatloaf with chorizo, peppers, onions and poblanos, finished with chipotle glaze. Served with black beans and rice.

Rare and limited Harpoon beers at the link:
http://magounssaloon.com/january-beer-geek-monday-events/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Boneless Short Ribs, whipped Yukon potatoes, grilled asparagus spears and pan jus. 5pm!, Tonight's BBQ is:
BBQ Baby Back Ribs, Fried Chicken, Smoked Pulled Pork
Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Cole Slaw
Coconut Cornbread, Come get yourselves some bacon! Baconpalooza tonight at 5pm!, New on Draught:
Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Barrel-Aged Narwhal, Hidden Cove Trinal, Hidden Cove Bouillon, Hidden Cove Jali Apricot Jalapeno, Hidden Cove Berried Treasure, Element Citronium, Wormtown Be Hoppy, Maine Beer Co Lunch, Weihenstephaner Vitus, null, Come Brunch with us today at 11am!, Tonight's Roast is:
Stuffed Pork Shoulder
Roasted Garlic & Fresh Herbs
Rosemary Baby Yukon Potatoes
Grilled Asparagus Spears
Pan Jus, Got the day off Monday? Stop in for brunch! We'll be serving it starting at 11am., Grab your cumin! The 11th Annual Great Chili Cook-Off is coming!, Tonight's BBQ SPECIAL is:
BBQ Half Chicken with Cajun Style Rice and Beans and Cornbread., Get a chance to be a part of this year's Extreme Beer Fest by becoming a volunteer! It's a lot of fun, plus beer!

http://www.beeradvocate.com/ebf/volunteer/, Yeeeesssss!!!!  Bacon! Tonight at 5pm!, null, Did we mention we have a Meatloaf Special tonight too?
Bacon Wrapped
Holiday Turkey Meatloaf
Yukon Mashed Potatoes
Roasted Acorn squash
House Gravy, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Rosemary Garlic
Center Cut Beef Sirloin
Bacon Braised Brussel Sprouts
Roasted Yukon Potatoes
Pan Sauce, Tonight's BBQ:
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Kielbasa/Smoked Pulled Pork
Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Creamy Country Cole Slaw
Buttermilk Biscuits, null, The Somerville Striders Athletic Club is back in the saddle tomorrow night.....after a wee holiday respite our first race/run of the New Year is upon us....we start at 7:10pm sharp as a pencil!!, It's TIME FOR BACON! Baconpalooza 2016 Winter Edition is starts tonight!, Tonight's meatloaf special is:
Italian Meat Loaf topped with mozzarella
Herbed tomato sauce with pasta and garlic bread., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Beef Short Ribs
Sauteed Brussels Sprouts
Roasted Potatoes, Onions and Bacon, Our "Not New Years Eve" BBQ Special:
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Kielbasa/Smoked Pulled Pork
Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Creamy Country Cole Slaw
Buttermilk Biscuits, Doing nothing for New Year's Eve? SO ARE WE!!!, Better late than never...tonight's Meatloaf Special is:
Bacon wrapped meatloaf stuffed with mac & cheese, with roasted potatoes, grilled veggies and house gravy.

We promise not to tell your cardiologist.

Beer Geek is Maine Beer Co. Lunch., Here's what we have going on New Year's Eve:
NO party hats
NO champagne toast
NO noise makers
NO singing Auld Lang Syne
NO dancing
NO 2016 sparkle glasses
NO fireworks
NO ice sculptures (though we'll stack the ice cubes in your drink nicely)
NO countdown
NO amateurs

Just some college playoff semifinal games and good booze., It's Sunday Roast time!
Center Cut Pork Loin
Mustard Horse Radish Crust
Sautéed Garlicky Spinach
Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Pan Sauce, We are open until 10pm tonight, Christmas Eve.
Tomorrow, Christmas Day we are open 6pm until close.

Have a Merry Christmas!, Take a break from the holiday madness and pop in for some Mac & Cheese! We have 7 different Mac & Cheese creations for you to get lost in. Menu starts at 5pm!, Here is tonight's Sunday Roast!
Rosemary Garlic Center Cut Beef Sirloin
Sautéed Garlicky Spinach
Roasted Acorn Squash, It's almost #BrunchHat Season!, Tonight's BBQ is:
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs,
Grilled Kielbasa,
Smoked Pulled Pork
Braised Collard Greens
Warm Biscuits, null, Got plans for New Year's Day? Now you do! All You Can Eat Hangover Buffet is back!, We love meatloaf! You love meatloaf! Come eat some meatloaf!
Blackened Sriracha Ground Angus Beef Meat Loaf
Country Style Coleslaw
Sautéed Garlic Spinach
Begins at 5pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast!
Rosemary Garlic Center Cut Beef Sirloin
Sautéed Garlicky Spinach
Roasted Acorn Squash
at 5pm!, Thursday is BBQ Day!
Slow smoked baby back ribs
Tennessee hot chicken
Smoked pulled pork
Vermont cheddar mac & cheese
Braised collard greens
House cornbread!, Tonight's Meatloaf!, Enjoy some Sunday Roast with your Pats Game!
Cider Brined Split Chicken
Autumn Vegetable Herb Ragout
Fresh Homemade Buttery Rolls
Pan Dripping Sauce
5pm!, We have a BBQ Sampler Tonight!
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Tennessee Hot Chicken/Pulled Pork
Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Braised Collard Greens
Buttermilk Biscuit, Tonight's #BeerGeek Beer is Cambridge Brewing Company Old Butternuts: a bourbon barrel aged English Old Ale made with butternut squash., Here is our Sunday Roast tonight!, Happy Thanksgiving! We are open tonight and so is our kitchen!, Our meatloaf tonight!
BBQ Meat Loaf
Ground Beef Pickled Jalapeños
Pulled Pork &Cheddar Cheese
Mixed Grilled Vegetables
Baked Mac & Cheese
Buttermilk Biscuit, We have Mayflower Thanksgiving Ale on both draft and cask tonight! It's one of only 2 casks made!

Also, Sierra Nevada Narwhal is on next week., Stop in for tonight's Sunday Roast!

Boneless Short Rib
Whipped Root vegetables
Sautéed Garlic Spinach
Natural Pan Sauce, Check out our BBQ Special tonight!
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Grilled Kielbasa Sausage/Pulled Pork
Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Sautéed Garlicky Spinach
Corn Bread, Mac & Cheese Menu tonight!!! Need we say more?, Tonight's Meatloaf is:
Turkey Meatloaf with
Applewood smoked bacon
Cajun roasted vegetables
Mashed potatoes and house gravy.

Beer Geek Beer is Maine Beer Co. Lunch., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Boneless Short Rib
Yukon Mashed Potatoes
Roasted vegetables
Pan Sauce, We have Lagunitas Brewing Co Born Yesterday on draft and it's drinking awesome right now!, Tonight's BBQ SPECIAL is: Bbq split chicken. Garlicky spinach. Bacon Mac and cheese. Buttermilk biscuit., Meatloaf Monday starts tonight along with 25¢ Wings during MNF!, Here is tonight's Sunday Roast!
Rosemary Garlic Boneless Leg of Lamb
Broccoli w/ Cheddar Sauce
Parsley Yukon Potatoes
Pan Sauce, Mac Attack is Back! Each Wednesday in November we're featuring 7 unique takes on Mac & Cheese, because you can never have enough cheese and pasta in your life. Click on the link to see the menu!, Your Monday just got better! Our #BeerGeek beer is Maine Beer Company Lunch and we have 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football! Go Monday!!!, We are opening at 9:30 this morning with brunch for the Lions/Chiefs game. See you then!, We are showing the Rugby World Cup Final LIVE at 12:00pm with sound on Saturday. AUS vs NZL

http://www.rugbyworldcup.com/, New on Draught:
Grimm Pulse Wave, Dogfish Head Punkin Ale, Downeast House Pumpkin Blend, Cambridge Remain In Light, Dinkel Acker Dinkelacker Oktoberfest Premium, Würzburger Hofbräu Ag Julius Echter Dunkel, Stone Delicious IPA, Grimm Double Negative, Southern Tier Warlock, Fuller's ESB, Green Flash Barley Wine, We say "auf Wiedersehen" to Oktoberfest tonight with our final Wednesday German Menu of the year. But don't cry! We have a new menu coming next month filled with cheese and pasta! Can you guess?, It's the final Wednesday of October and the final Wednesday for our Oktoberfest menu! Get your schnitzel on before it's gone!, Our German Themed Sunday Roast tonight is:
BRATHENDL
Split  Roasted Chicken
Buttered Yukon Potatoes
Brussels sprouts w/ Bacon
Natural Pan Gravy, Just teasing this out early. Monday's #BeerGeek is Grimm Artisanal Ales Double Negative Imp Stout and Pulse Wave DIPA., We strive to maintain these every day, plus bringing you 28 drafts and 3 casks of kick-ass beer!, Only 2 more days left for our German menu! Come by tonight and get your Deutsche on!, Join us tonight for a special #BeerGeek night! We have Green Flash Treasure Chest (proceeds go to Breast Cancer Charities) and Barleywine on draft! Plus... FREE SWAG!, Warm up with our Sunday Roast tonight!
SAUERBRATEN
Sweet & Sour Boneless Short Rib
Cider Glazed Red Cabbage
Pan Fried Dill Spaetzle
Pan Sauce, There are still a few tickets left for the Somerville Local First Harvest Fest! This is our favorite Somerville Festival of the year and is the perfect way to welcome in the Fall!, Tonight's BBQ is:
- BBQ TRIO -
Smoked Baby Back Ribs, Grilled Kielbasa & Pulled Pork
Bacon Mac & Cheese
Country Cole Slaw
Corn Bread
Starts at 5pm with our Heavy Seas Tap Takeover and DraftKings Night!, Tonight we're featuring a special Tap Takeover with Heavy Seas Beer! We'll have Greater Pumpkin Ale and Peg Leg Russian Imperial Stout on cask and Rip Tide White IPA and Red Sky at Morning on draught. Come check it out!, Join us tonight for our Special Oktoberfest Menu! It starts at 5pm!, New on Draught:
Night Shift Pfaffenheck Pils, Andechs Hell Festbier, Cambridge The Great Pumpkin Ale, Rogue Pumpkin Patch Ale, Weihenstephaner Hefeweissbier, Stone Enjoy By 10.31.15 IPA, Stone Bourbon Barrel Aged Arrogant Bastard, Stone 2014 Imperial Russian Stout, Heavy Seas Red Sky At Morning, null, Yes!! Get here now!!, Have the day off or are "working from home?" We have Brunch starting at 11am!, Stone Brewing Co. is coming to our bar tonight to do 2 things: take over our taps with amazing kickass beer and chew bubblegum, and they're all out of bubblegum., This is happening on Monday!
Put on your beer drinkin' pants and come join us!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Beer Brined Split Chicken
Paprika Dusted Hand Cut Fries
Cider Glazed Red Cabbage
Natural Jus, If you lost your ID, we may have it. Give us a call., Tonight's BBQ:
BBQ TRIO
Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Grilled Kielbasa/Pulled Pork
Bacon Mac & Cheese
Country Cole Slaw
Corn Bread, Get ready for our German Sunday Roast tonight at 5pm!
SCHWEINBRATEN
Rosemary Garlic Center Cut Pork Loin
Warm German Potato Salad
Braised Red Cabbage
Cider Pan Jus, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Char-Grilled10oz Saloon Steak
Whipped Yukon Potatoes
Grilled Asparagus
Pan Sauce, We'll be opening at 9:30am on Sunday for the Jets/Dolphins game in London! Probably a good time to order the Englishster Burger, eh?, This is happening soon! #BeerGeekMonday is going BIG!, Tonight's BBQ is:
Spicy Jamaican Split Jerk Chicken
Coconut Rice & Beans
Island Cole Slaw
Corn Fritter, You won't see these beers in many places outside Germany, but you'll see them here tonight! Hofbräuhaus Traunstein Festbier and Kloster Andechs Spezial Festbier Hell are on draft! Special promotion at 6pm tonight and of course our delicious German Menu at 5pm!, We have 25¢ Wings tonight during Monday Night Football! Come get 'em!, This is always a great time with Somerville Local First! Grab your tickets now!

http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/2214284, null, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Schweinebraten
Sweet & Sour Boneless Pork Loin
Warm German Potato Salad
Braised Red Cabbage
Mustard Sauce, Tonight's Steak Special:
Char-Grilled 10 oz Saloon Steak
Hand Cut French Fries
Sautéed Mixed Vegetables
Crumbled Blue Cheese
Pan Sauce, TONIGHT'S BBQ SPECIAL: BBQ Spaghetti, Pork & Beef Meatballs, Savory BBQ Tomato Gravy, Pimento Cheese Bread. 5pm!, Like running around Somerville and then drinking beer? Join us tonight for our weekly 5k run! It begins at 7:10pm sharp!, Are you somewhere feeling lonely?, Our Buffalo Wings are only 25¢ during Monday Night Football! That's 100 wings for only $25!!! Special starts at kickoff!, Keg is tapped! And.....it's gone! Oktoberfest is officially in full swing! German menu is rocking all night long!, It's the first day of Oktoberfest in Munich and we're throwing a party ALL...DAY...LONG!

Keg Tapping Ceremony is at 4pm
German Menu starts at 2pm, Rugby World Cup kicks off today at 2pm with England vs Fiji. We'll be showing it live (and then again at 9pm). We'll also be showing all the U.S. matches that we are able to., New on Draught:
Cambridge Remain In Light, Southern Tier Pumking, Timmermans Pumpkin Lambicus, Heavy Seas Riptide, Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA, Green Flash West Coast IPA, White Birch Berliner Weisse, Lost Abbey Devotion, We have weiners, big mugs and thick heads tonight...and we're not talking about the Republican debate. <rimshot> Thanks, we'll be here all night!

Oktoberfest Menu at 5pm with 10 German Oktoberfest beers on draft!, null, Tonight's Roast is:
Rosemary GarlicRoasted Split Chicken
Sweet & Sour Cabbage
Paprika Dusted Fries
Starts at 5pm!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Grilled 10 oz Saloon Steak
Mashed Potatoes
Brussels Sprouts
Mushroom Gravy, Monday Night Football returns this Monday with a double-header starting at 7pm! Also returning is our 25¢ Wing Special! The special starts at kickoff so this week you get an extra 2 hours of wing goodness! <supply is limited so don't be late!>, Bring it on!!!!

Just play this on constant loop until the game starts, Thanks for voting us Best Restaurant in Magoun Square and Best Beer Bar in Somerville in Scout Somerville! We know we are in some amazing company and have incredible friends and neighbors as well. #Prost!

http://issuu.com/scout.mags/docs/ss_sepoct15_master/1?e=14872311/15252083, We're Brunching today from 10am to 2pm! Let's pretend it's Sunday again!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Mustard Rubbed Center Cut Pork Loin
Sautéed Yukon Potato
Cider Glazed Cabbage
Pan Sauce, Our steak special tonight is:
Grilled 10 oz Saloon Steak
Tomato & Cucumber Salad
Hand cut French Fries
House Gravy, So this is happening next month. Put your beer drinking pants on tight because we're looking to knock them off!, USA! USA! USA! - We're just getting ready for the match on Saturday. 7:30pm start!, We're kicking off #Oktoberfest on Wednesday with a German Menu at 5pm and the Ceremonial Keg Tapping at 7pm! Wir können nicht warten!, Tonight's Sunday Roast:
Mustard Rubbed Center Cut Pork Loin
Rosemary Yukon Potato
Grilled Vegetables
Pan Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, We like "seidel" but whatever you call it, we'll pour one for you on Wednesday. We're only 6 days away from our Oktoberfest Keg Tapping Ceremony!, null, Framingham Lager is now on cask (we know it's not the same as House Lager, but it's still delicious!)., We're roasting tonight at 5pm!
Rosemary Garlic Split Roasted Chicken
Yukon Mashed Potatoes
Wilted Baby Spinach
Pan Sauce, Only 11 more days!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Grilled 10 oz Sirloin Steak
Tomatoes Cucumber Salad
Hand cut Fries
House Gravy, Tonight's BBQ is: Smoked turkey leg, cheddar Mac & Cheese, garlic spinach and buttermilk biscuit. Available now!, Hey everyone! We're hiring hosts, waitstaff and bar staff! Apply in person at Olde Magoun's Saloon!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Rosemary Garlic Boneless Leg of Lamb
Air Conditioning
Herb Roasted Yukon Potato
Cold Beer
Wilted Baby Spinach
Air Conditioning
Pan Sauce
Cold Beer, Hey! Brunch! 10am!, We're rockin' the Cajun BBQ tonight:
Shrimp & Andouille, Spicy Holy Trinity Sauce, Cheddar Cheese Grits, Crusty Bread, Tuesdays are for Trivia!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Boneless Short Rib
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Asparagus
Pan Sauce, Have you checked out our new Brunch menu? We've got skillets, bennies, and Banana Rum French Toast! 10am-2pm every weekend!
http://magounssaloon.com/menus/weekend-brunch/, null, Oh do we have a BBQ for you!
Slow Smoked Ribs, Pork Loin, Pulled Pork
Creamy Cole Slaw
Coconut Cornbread
Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese, Check out tonight's BBQ Special...as heard on RadioBDC ;)
Savory BBQ Meatballs
Pulled Pork & Smoked Bacon
Roasted Tomato & Herb Ragout
Cheddar Jack Cheese Toast, It's the final night of #BaconPalooza! Then the bacon goes on vacation until next year., Did you miss Chef Howie on RadioBDC this morning? You can listen to the interview at the link.

http://www.bdcwire.com/raising-a-glass-at-olde-magouns-saloon/, Chef Howie is going to be on RadioBDC this morning! Tune in at your desk by clicking the link!, Tonight's #BeerGeek beer is Maine Beer A Tiny Beautiful Something! On draught now!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Lemon Garlic Split Roasted Chicken
Whipped Yukon Potatoes
Grilled Asparagus
Pan Sauce, Tonight's Steak Special is:
STEAK FRITES
Grilled 10 oz Saloon Steak
Tomato Herb Cucumber Salad
Hand cut French Fries
House Gravy, Have you checked out our new Brunch menu yet? Bennies (no not that kind)! Skillets! And Banana Rum French Toast!, Tonight is #BaconPalooza! Get yourselves over here at 5pm for lots of bacony goodness! Hog Wild Rangoon is pictured: Black pepper bacon, charred jalapenos and cream cheese rangoon served with plum sauce., Check out tonight's Sunday Roast! It comes with free A/C!
Herb Crusted Center Cut Beef Sirloin
Crispy Corned Beef Hash Cake
Grilled Seasonal Vegetables
Horse Radish Sauce
Starts at 5pm!, Our BBQ Game is strong tonight!
Smoked Memphis Baby Ribs
Boneless Short Rib/Pulled Pork
Vermont Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Creamy Country Cole Slaw
Coconut Corn Bread, New on Draught:
Sierra Nevada  Nooner Pilsner, Dogfish Head Namaste, Brewmaster Jack Ambrewsia Imperial IPA, Smuttynose Finest Kind, Wormtown Co Bottle Rocket, North Coast PranQster, Ace Joker, Hello Beer Geeks! Today's #BeerGeek Monday beer is Maine Beer A Tiny Beautiful Something!

It's on draught now!, It's an A/C kind of day today. Come enjoy a cold beer, cold A/C and tonight's hot Sunday Roast:
Herb Crusted Center Cut Beef Sirloin
Whipped Yukon Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
House Gravy, We have a special Asian BBQ for you tonight:
ASIAN BBQ TRIO
Char Grilled Boneless Spare Ribs
BBQ Short Rib / Chinese Sausage
Crispy Wonton / Bacon Fried Rice
Stir Fried Vegetables, Baconpalooza Summer Edition! We swear it's filled with the "good" cholesterol. Every Wednesday in July!

Pic: Korean Bacon Boa: Pan Fried Asian Bun, Slab Bacon, House-Made Kimchi, Korean BBQ Sauce, CONCACAF Gold Cup starts tonight with US vs Honduras at 9:30pm. We will show every match we can!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Herb CrustedCenter Cut Beef Sirloin
Crispy Yukon Potatoes
Roasted Asparagus
House Gravy, We are open regular hours this weekend in case you were wonderin'., There's nothing more American than fireworks, BBQ and bacon!
Start your evening off with us and then watch the Somerville Fireworks! #IndependenceDay
BBQ Special:
Baby Back Ribs/Pulled Pork
Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin
Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Buttermilk Biscuit, Looking to shed those extra pounds for the beach? Then go somewhere else because we've got bacon!!!!, Come join us! We won't judge if you decide to drink a German beer during the Semifinals., null, Here is tonight's roast!
Center Cut Pork loin
Candied Pecan Sweet Potatoes
Roasted Cauliflower
Ginger Cider Jus, Look at this quiche! It can be yours today until 2pm, New on Draught:
Against The Grain Poffo, White Birch Berliner Weisse, Evil Twin Femme Fatal Sudachi, Ballast Point Habañero Sculpin, Notch Saison, It's Sunday, so treat your dad to some Sunday Roast!
Center Cut Pork loin
Candied Pecan Sweet Potatoes
Roasted Cauliflower
Ginger Cider Jus, New on Draught:
Against The Grain Rico Sauvin, Stone Pale Ale 2.0, Weihenstephaner Kristalweissbier, Tonight's BBQ SPECIAL!, Hot Dogs are all up in your face today at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-gone-dogs-2015/, Congrats to Amy Lyn Patterson for winning our Von Trapp Giveaway! Call us at 617-776-2600 to claim your prize!, New on Draught:
Stillwater Mono, Von Trapp Helles, Ayinger Brau-Weisse, Newburyport Plum Island Belgian White, Stillwater The Devil Is People, Hidden Cove Patroon IPA, Evil Twin Citra Sunshine Slacker, Smuttynose Finest Kind, Stone Enjoy By 07.04.15 IPA, Avery Maharaja, Mayflower Summer Rye, Heavy Seas Gold Ale, Clipper City Heavy Seas Peg Leg Stout, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Boneless Short Rib
Roasted Yukon Potatoes
Grilled Sweet Corn
Pan Sauce, QUICHE DU JOURfor today's Brunch

Chorizo Sausage
Yukon Potato
Jack Cheese
Savory Herb Crust
Simple Salad, People have asked "what's in your hot dogs?" We created a handy reference table for you. #nomysterymeats, We take hot dogs to a new level each Wednesday in June!

This is Two Pigs in a Blanket:
Bacon wrapped deep fried hot dog with jack cheese, diced tomato, avocado mayo with a side of chicharrones.

More at the link:
http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-gone-dogs-2015/, Stanley Cup Final Game 4 tonight at 8pm! We've got our Windy City Dog ready for all you #Blackhawks fans.

Tampa Bay fan? We have 7 other hot dogs on the menu for you to try.

http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-gone-dogs-2015/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Herb Crusted Center Cut Beef Loin
Roasted Yukon Potatoes
Ginger Glazed Carrots
Natural Pan Sauce
Available at 5pm!, We have Steaks and they are Special!
Char-Grilled 10 oz Sirloin Steak
Grilled Seasonal Vegetables
Soffrito Rice & Beans
Chimichurri Sauce
5pm!, We have all the sports on today so find your seat and settle in!
French Open Women's Finals: going on now!
UEFA Champions Final: 2:45pm
Women's World Cup: 6pm China vs Canada, 9pm New Zealand vs Netherlands
Belmont Stakes: 6:50pm
Stanley Cup Finals Game 2: 7:15pm

Plus Brunch starting at 10am!, Tonight's BBQ SPECIAL is:
Smoke Pork loin wrapped with bacon 
Pulled pork 
Baby back ribs
Mac cheese 
Coleslaw 
Cornbread 
Watermelon, Game One of the #StanleyCup is tonight at 8pm! If you are rooting for the #Blackhawks, we've got our Hot Dog Menu tonight featuring a Windy City Dog! This photo of a United Center hot dog doesn't do it justice.

Menu starts at 5pm!, New on Draught:
Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc, White Birch Blueberry Berliner Weisse, Hidden Cove Hematic IPA, Evil Twin Femme Fatale Kobasu, Wormtown Co Bottle Rocket, 21st Amendment Hell Or High Watermellon, null, Check out Tonight's Sunday Roast:
Herb Crusted Center Cut Pork Loin
Roasted Yukon Potatoes
Grilled Corn on the Cob
Mustard Pan Sauce, Be sure to try the Quiche Du Jour!
Sun-dried Tomato Baby Spinach Goat Cheese
Savory Herb Crust
Simple Salad, Our Chef Howie is featured in the Boston Herald talking about Taste of Somerville, Don't risk BBQing in this weather! We've got ya covered!
BBQ TRIO
Slow Smoked Brisket
Andouille Sausage/ Pulled Pork
Country  Style Potato Salad
Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Corn Bread, It's the final night of our Burgers Gone Wild menu! Have you tried the burger steamed in Jack's Abby Brewing Smoke & Dagger? It's amazing! It's tonight at 5pm!, Now on Cask:
Tröegs Brewing Company Perpetual IPA
Jack's Abby Brewing Jabby Brau
Heavy Seas Beer Black Beard's Breakfast
#NERAX, We are open today and serving brunch from 11am-2pm. Have you tried The Cure sandwich yet? It's Just Like Heaven! (see what we did there?), Our BBQ Special tonight! Should pair well with the new session IPA from Harpoon Brewery, Take 5! Launch party is tonight!

Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Andouille Sausage/ Pulled Pork
Jalapeño bacon Mac & Cheese
Country Style Cole Slaw
Corn Bread, New on Draught:
Sierra Nevada  Nooner Pilsner, Reissdorf Kolsch, White Birch Berliner Weisse, Harpoon Take 5 Session IPA, Maine Beer Co Lunch, Harpoon Ghost King White IPA, Goose Island Sofie, St. Louis Gueuze Fond Tradition, We just put some Heavy Seas Beer Blackbeard's Breakfast on cask!

Coffee porter aged in bourbon barrels with extra Fuggles hops. 10% ABV., In the mood for some burgers tonight? Jason Rossi from Radio 92.9 highlights the Sweet Swine O' Mine burger in this week's video., null, Here is our Sunday Roast!
Herb Crusted Center Cut Beef Loin
Yukon Mashed Potatoes
Mixed Grilled Vegetables
Horseradish Sauce
Pan Drippings, Tonight's Steak special is:
Char-Grilled 10 oz Rib Eye Steak
Roasted Peppers & Onions
Spanish Rice & Beans, We have Quiche this morning for Brunch!
QUICHE LORRAINE
Smoked Bacon
Swiss Cheese & Onions
Savory Herb Crust
Simple Salad, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
BBQ TRIO
Double Smoked Pork Belly
Baby Back Ribs & Pulled Pork
Country Style Cole Slaw
Corn Bread, Sometimes we just need a little Wormtown Brewery Be Hoppy on a Tuesday., New on Draught:
Notch Zen Arcade, Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, Two Roads Honeyspot White IPA, Backlash Ricochet IPA, Mayflower Summer Rye, Maine Beer Co Mean Old Tom, Julius Echter Hefeweizen, Samuel Adams Pigs In A Blanket, Samuel Adams Oaked Dunkel, Samuel Adams The Sphinx, Samuel Adams Downtime Pils, Samuel Adams Rebel Rider Session IPA, Samuel Adams Kosmic Mother Funk Grand Cru, Check out Jason Rossi from Radio 92.9 breakin' down our Shrimp Bahn Mi burger!, null, Here is tonight's Sunday Roast!
Slow roasted lemon garlic chicken
Hand-cut fries
Grilled veggies
Pan sauce, We have Quiche this morning!
QUICHE DU JOUR
Spinach, Tomato, Vermont Goat Cheese, Savory Herb Crust served with a Simple Salad, Tonight's BBQ is:
BBQ TRIO
Smoked Center Cut Pork Loin
Andouille Sausage/Pulled Pork
Cheddar Bacon Mac & Cheese
Country Style Cole Slaw                                                    Buttermilk Biscuit, Burgers are going Wild tonight at 5pm! Check out the full menu in the link!, So Thrillist is digging our Brunch! Have you checked it out lately?, Happy Star Wars Day!
We have an awesome tapping event with Coronado Brewing Company today. Check it out in the link!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow RoastedSmoked Center Cut Pork Loin
Honey Glazed Baby Carrots
Roasted Yukon Potatoes
BBQ Gravy, Check out this morning's quiche du jour!
Tomato Basil
Fresh Mozzarella Cheese
Simple Salad, Check out the BBQ you could be munching on during the NFL Draft tonight!
BBQ TRIO
Pulled Pork & Jerk Wings
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Spicy Dirty Rice & Beans
Buttermilk Biscuit, Come watch the Kentucky Derby here! Boston Magazine says you should., This is happening tonight on our TVs! The action begins at 8pm! Who do you think Tampa will pick first?, It's the final night of our Pleasure and Pain Wednesday Menu! Wash it down with a fresh cask of Mayflower Brewing Company IPA with grapefruit peel!, We just updated our tap list with some tasty IPAs such as: Evil Twin Molotov Cocktail, Grey Sail Captain's Daughter, Stone Ruination 2.0 and Boulevard's The Calling!

Get notified when we update our draft list with TapHunter!
Grab the app below!
http://boston.taphunter.com/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Grass Fed Aussie Beef Loin
Sautéed Mixed Baby Vegetables
Roasted Yukon Potatoes
House Gravy
5pm until it's gone!, null, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Char-Grilled 10 oz Sirloin Steak
Whipped Yukon Potatoes
Wilted Baby Spinach
Red Wine Demi
It's available now!, We have Quiche today!
Spinach Tomato 
Vermont Goat Cheese
Savory Herb Crust
Simple Salad, Fish & Chips for days! (OK, only today but you get the picture), Tonight's BBQ is:
BBQ SHRIMP  
Smoke House Andoullie Sausage
Spicy Creole Holy Trinity Sauce
Cheesy Grits & Crusty Bread, We've expanded our IPA tap takeover to 12 lines and bring the heat tonight with our Pleasure & Pain menu! Check it out in the link!, Look what we got our hands on for #BeerGeek Monday! Come get it while it lasts!, Tonight's Roast is:
Slow Roasted Grass Fed Beef Sirloin
String Bean Almondine
Whipped Potatoes
House Gravy, We've got your steak tonight!
Char-Grilled 10 oz Sirloin Steak
House made Teriyaki Sauce
Stir Fried Vegetables
Steamed Rice
5pm until it's gone!, This Weekend (Saturday and Sunday) we'll have a full Irish Breakfast!
2 Eggs Any Style
Black & White Pudding/ Irish Bacon
Fried Potatoes/ Traditional Irish Breakfast Links
Beans/ Grilled Tomato/ Sautéed Mushrooms
Homemade Soda Bread

We'll have regular Brunch on Monday for those of you with the day off., Tonight's BBQ Special is:
BBQ TRIO of Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Smoked Pull Pork & Jerk Wings
Smoked beans, Spicy Dirty Rice 
Buttermilk Biscuit, Pleasure and Pain! Hops and Heat! It's all tonight at 5pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Grass Fed Beef Sirloin
Ginger Glazed Baby Carrots
Parsley Yukon Potatoes
House Gravy
5pm until it's gone!, We're getting our quiche on this morning!
Quiche Du Jour:
Grilled Vegetables
Tomato Fontina Cheese Pesto
 Savory Herb Crust
Simple Salad, It's Friday! Time for Fish-n-Chips!
Fresh delivered line-caught cod and hand cut fries. Woohoo Friday!, Looking for a great way to meet beer industry folks? Go volunteer for BeerAdvocate at the American Craft Beer Fest!

All the info is in the link., Ramp up the heat tonight with our Pleasure & Pain menu! And no, it's not that, it's just spicy food., The new Trivia Tournament starts tonight! The Grand Prize for this month's winning team is Red Sox Tickets!!!, We're rockin' 25¢ Wings tonight during the NCAA Championship game! Special starts at tip off!, Tonight's Roast is:
Slow RoastedBoneless Short Rib
Baby Vegetable Medley
Natural Pan Sauce

We open at 5pm!, So that our staff can enjoy Easter with their friends and families, we are Opening at 5pm tonight with a special #Easter Sunday Roast to be announced later.

We like to keep you in suspense :), We have steak tonight!
Char Grilled 10oz Saloon Steak
Hand Cut French Fries
Grilled Vegetables
House Gravy
5pm, Did you know you can check out our draft list right here on Facebook?

Check it!

https://www.facebook.com/oldemagounssaloon/app_132562649599, We have a Heavy Seas Beer Cask Takeover tonight at 7pm!
Fuel up on our BBQ Special:
Slow smoked baby back ribs
House smoked pulled pork & hot links
Smoked beans
Spicy dirty rice
Coconut Honey Cornbread, Check out this event we're doing with Downeast Cider House, Craft Beer Cellar, Mystic Brewery and GrandTen Distilling! Chef Howie is rockin' all the food!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Boneless Short Rib
Whipped Yukon Potatoes
Honey Glazed Carrots
Natural Pan Sauce
It all starts at 5pm!, Olde Magoun's Saloon is hiring a new host/hostess with the mostest! If that's you, apply in person!, Tonight's Steak Special:
Char Grilled Argentine Steak
Chimichurri Sauce
Patagonian Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Blistered Tortilla
5pm!, We're Quiche-ing this morning! (Is that even a word? Well it is now!)

Quiche Du Jour
roasted vegetables
fontina cheese pesto
savory herb crust
simple salad on the side, It wouldn't be Friday without Fish & Chips!
Fresh line-caught cod and hand cut fries, yummo!, Tonight's BBQ is: BBQ TRIO
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
House Smoked Pull Pork/Hot Links
Cheddar Mac & cheese/Cole Slaw
Buttermilk Biscuit, We're back to our regularly scheduled roast:
Traditional Irish Back Bacon
Mashed Parsnips & Carrots
Colcannon / Soda Bread
Mustard Cream Sauce
5pm!, Lay down a good layer of food for tonight's BeerAdvocate #ExtremeBeerFest with some Fish & Chips! Fresh line-caught cod was brought in this morning!, Some great photos from last night! Thanks to everyone for coming out and we look forward to doing it again!, For tonight's BeerAdvocate #EBF2015 Pre-Fest Throwdown, Chef Howie's worked up a special BBQ. Well, even more special than usual. See you tonight!

Dogfish Head Namaste Brined Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Maple & Stout Glazed Pork Belly
Jerk Chicken/ Hot Links
Country Potato Salad
Bacon Mac & Cheese
Corn Bread, So this is happening on Thursday! BeerAdvocate #ExtremeBeerFest Pre-Throwdown, One day can't hold all the St. Patrick's Day awesomeness we're putting out! So we're celebrating from now through Tuesday!, It's BBQ Time!
Cajun BBQ Shrimp
Andoullie Sausage
Holy Trinity/Crispy Pork Belly
Cajun Herb Butter Sauce
Cheddar Cheese Grits
Crusty Bread, It may not look like much but this is Caribbean Tilapia wrapped and cooked in a banana leaf with roasted mango butter. It's heavenly! Available at 5pm tonight!, It's darn-right tropical out there today!
Let's eat Caribbean Food!, It's Sunday and we're Roasting!
Center Cut Herb Crusted Pork Loin
Whipped Sweet Potatoes
Cauliflower Gratin
Roasted Apples
5pm until it's gone!, We blame Daylight Savings Time on this tardy post, but we started doing a Quiche du Jour for Brunch! Available until 2pm or while it lasts.

Today's is Breakfast Sausage, Yukon Potato, Onion, Jack Cheese, Savory Herb Crust and served with a Simple Salad, Check out tonight's Steak Special!
Pepper Crusted 10oz Sirloin Steak
Fricasseed Vegetables
Twice Baked Potato
House Gravy, What? It's cold out? We don't care! We're BBQing!
Fire Roasted Jamaican Jerk Chicken
Cheddar Mac and Cheese
Coconut Rice & Beans
Conch Fritters
5pm!, This heat wave (of 41 degrees) has us dreaming of sandy beaches and spicy food! We present to you: Caribbean Dreaming Wednesday Menu! 5pm tonight!, It wouldn't be Sunday without our Sunday Roast!
Roasted Split Chicken
Whipped Root Vegetables
Yorkshire Pudding
Yukon Potatoes
Gravy, Here is our Steak Special Tonight:
Ranchero Steak
Char-Grilled 10oz Cantina Steak
Mexican Rice & Beans
Peppers & Onions
Ranchero Sauce, For all you good Catholics out there (and those who just love seafood) we have a special menu for you:
Fish & Chips: line caught cod, hand cut fries, coleslaw and tartar sauce
Moules-Frites: PEI mussels, St. Bernardus Witbier, garlic, shallots,  pommes frites and aoili., Tonight's BBQ Special is:
BBQ Spaghetti
Pork & Garlic Meat Balls
BBQ & Tomato Herb Ragu
Smoked Gouda Cheese
Cucumber Salad
Corn Bread
5pm!, It's the final night of our Belgian Menu! Come get some Carbonade Flamande and other classic Belgian dishes and pair them with 8 Belgian beers on draft!, Get on over here! Hidden Cove Brewing Company has staged a mutiny on our taps!, Join us tonight for a special Hidden Cove Brewing Company tapping event! 8 of their beers on draft including Tortuga Wild Sour Pineapple and Jali Apricot Jalapeno aged in Herradura tequila barrels. Also the Beanpot Finals!, Tonight's Roast is:
Roasted Split Chicken
Whipped Root Vegetables
Yorkshire Pudding
Yukon Potatoes
Gravy, We bet some BBQ will take the edge off this snow.
BBQ TRIO
Memphis Baby Back Ribs
Garlic Sausage/ Pulled Pork
Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Creamy Country Cole Slaw
Corn Bread, Big things happening at Hidden Cove Brewing Company! Come check them out this Monday during our tap takeover!, Belgian Fest continues tonight at 5pm! Belgian beer and Belgian cuisine to put some warmth back in ya., With temps barely hitting the double digits, it's a perfect time for a Rye Whiskey Barrel-Aged Imperial Stout! Luckily Two Roads Brewing Company is bringing a keg of Igor's Dream today at 6pm! #BeerGeek Monday!, Sorry to everyone who came in for the roast tonight. We tried to get the chef in today and because of the storm weren't able to. We apologize and are trying our best to keep operating and staying open under the circumstances., "I CAN C MAGOUNS FRUM HER!"

We're open! Brunch until 2pm and a roast tonight at 5pm!, Our Steak Special Tonight: Starts at 5pm
Belgium Steak Frites
Pan Seared Sliced Petite Filet
Brussel Sprouts & Bacon
Trappist Beer Sauce
Hand Cut Fries, We're pretty sure you want to be here on Monday. Yep, pretty darn sure! #BeerGeekMonday with Two Roads Brewing Company, It's Belgian Fest tonight with a special Belgian menu and Belgian beer on draft! Check out what's in store at the link below!, Oh, did we mention we have Maine Beer Company Lunch on draft today? It's our #BeerGeek beer!, Happy #NationalPizzaDay! We are open regular hours today to make sure you can celebrate this important holiday! No amount of snow shall keep you from your pizzas (or flatbreads as we call them)!
#OpeninBOS, It's a great night for some Sunday Roast!
Tuscan Style Roasted Split Chicken
Creamy Parmesan Potatoes
Sautéed Broccoli Rabe
Garlic Herb Sauce, You probably know by now, unless a freakin meteor hits the building, we are #OpenInBoston today! Brunch starts at 10am!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Char Grilled Argentinean Steak
Patagonian Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Chimichurri Sauce
Starts at 5pm!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Hot Links, BBQ Chicken, Baby Back Ribs with Smoked Beans, Creamy Potato Salad and Homemade Biscuits.
5pm until it's gone!, Hallo vrienden! Tonight we turn Olde Magoun's Saloon into a Belgian Beer Hall complete with 8 Belgian Beers on draft and a special Belgian Menu! It all starts at 5pm!, Our Belgian Fest is underway! We have 8 Belgian beers on draught and are featuring an all Belgian menu on Wednesdays. Check it out below!, It's like a Bavarian Winter Wonderland out there! Perfect weather to celebrate the arrival of Rothaus Tannenzäpfle to MA! We're bustin' out the German Cuisine with a special menu tonight. Shovel yourself out and come on by!, 10th Annual Chili Cook-Off is going on now until 3pm!
We have an All-You-Can-Eat BBQ Buffet from 5-8pm
Go Pats!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Steak Frites
Seared Petite Tenderloin
Baby Green Salad
Hand Cut Fries
Red Wine Sauce, Did you see our latest newsletter? It's chock full of amazing things!, We say Willkommen to Rothaus Tannenzäpfle Pilsner to Massachusetts this Monday with a launch party! Lots of Rothaus Pils on draft and a special German Menu!, Tonight's BBQ is:
Beef wrapped in bacon stuffed with blue cheese, pulled pork, crispy pork belly, mac and cheese, cole slaw and cornbread., INFLATE your waistline this Sunday at Olde Magoun's Saloon!
10th Annual Chili Cook-Off! Free to enter, free to taste and judge!
All-You-Can-Eat BBQ Tailgate Party from 5pm-8pm!
#SuperBowl, You burned enough fat shoveling today. Put it back on at BaconPalooza! It's the last night for bacon!, We're shooting for an 11am Open this Tuesday morning! Come avoid shoveling with us! #WinterStormJuno #OpenInBOS, Snow? What snow? If the lines have juice, so do we! We will be open tonight, regular hours and regular hours all day tomorrow. Trivia, however is cancelled for Tuesday night.#OpeninBOS #WinterStormJuno, In case you missed it during our Maine Beer Company tapping event, our #BeerGeek beer tonight is Another One IPA!

We also have $8 Fish Taco plates at 5pm that will pair beautifully!, Pre-Blizzard Sunday Roast!
Cider Brined Split Roasted Chicken
Whipped New Potatoes
Lemon Garlic Broccoli
Pan Sauce
Starts at 5pm!, Iz redy fur brunch at Magoooons!

10am-2pm today., Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Memphis style baby back ribs
Bacon jalapeno mac and cheese
Creamy potato salad
Homemade cornbread.
5pm until it's gone!, Zagat recommends you come to Olde Magoun's Saloon on Super Bowl Sunday. Not mentioned is the 10th Annual Chili Cookoff from 12-3pm!, We have a menu full of bacon tonight...if you like that sort of thing. Pancetta Arancini with fontina cheese and amatriciana sauce is one of those things. Tonight at 5pm! #BaconPalooza, Our #BeerGeek beer today is Dogfish Head Beer Raison D'Extra. This beer is 15-18% alcohol (depends on the batch) and is the bigger brother to Raison D'Etre. Pair it with some steak tips or a burger!, Tonight's Sunday Roast:
Boneless Short Ribs
Herb Roasted Carrots
Saffron Risotto & Pan Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, Need we say more?, We have all the Brunch and Premier League action this morning!
10am QPR vs Man U
12:30pm Newcastle vs Southampton, It's a perfect day for #FishandChipsFriday, it being Friday and all..., Our BBQ Special Tonight:
Trio of pork belly, kielbasa, bacon wrapped filets stuffed with blue cheese, jalapeno bacon mac & cheese and buttermilk biscuits.
5pm until it's gone!, Eat more #Bacon!

Like our Lacquered Crispy Pork Belly with Szechuan Spices, Hoisin Glaze served on Asian Slaw.

BaconPalooza VI, tonight at 5pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Boneless Short Rib
Amatriciana Sauce
Stuffed Zucchini
Roman Polenta
5pm until it's gone!, Eater Boston ranks us near the top for getting your Mac & Cheese on in the Boston area with our friends at Boston Burger Company. Come in tonight and see why! Plus more NFL playoff games and a Sunday Roast., How can you possibly handle all this awesome?
• CFP National Championship Game at 8:30pm
• Maine Beer Company Tap Takeover: Peeper, Lunch, Another One, Lil' One, Red Wheelbarrow & King Titus on draft!
• 25¢ Buffalo Wings during the National Championship Game
You just can't! It's almost TOO MUCH AWESOME all in one day!, We have Brunch this morning from 10am-2pm!
Pats vs Ravens at 4:35pm!, Come in from the cold for some Fish & Chips and Homemade New England Seafood Chowder!, Tonight's BBQ is a trio of Pork Belly, Hot Links and Smoked Bacon Wrapped Beef Fillets stuffed with blue cheese, Smokey beans, Coleslaw and Biscuit, OMG! Bacon Palooza is back!!! Tonight at 5pm!
#bacon, It's freakin' cold outside! So we recommend putting on another layer of bacon! BaconPalooza VI is here! An All-Bacon Menu including a Bacon Cocktail and Bacon Dessert!

Tonight at 5pm!, Yeah, we whipped up some food pairings for the Dogfish Head Beer event, too. No big whoop! Going on now! #allinadayswork, We have all this amazing beer from Dogfish Head Beer on draft! Who's coming tonight! We're BostInno Approved!, It wouldn't be Sunday without our Roast!
Boneless Short Ribs
Wide Egg Noodles
Brandy Mushroom Thyme Cream Sauce!, Who's coming tomorrow for the Dogfish Head Beer tap takeover?

http://magounssaloon.com/dogfish-head-extreme-beer-tapping-event-2015/, The NFL Playoffs begin tonight at 4:30pm with Cardinals vs Panthers and 8:15pm Ravens vs Steelers.

We also have a Steak Special at 5pm!
Skillet Roasted Sliced Steak
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Asparagus and Gravy, null, All You Can Eat Hangover Brunch is in full swing until 4pm! Come on by!, Grab your #BrunchHat! Our All-You-Can-Eat Hangover Buffet starts at 10am with $6 Bloody Marys until noon!, null, Looking for a big New Year's Eve party with hats, noisemakers, champagne toast, balloon drop, countdown and more? THEN DON'T COME HERE! We'll have none of that tonight!

Just good beer, good food and cool people looking to escape the nonsense will be found here tonight. And while we won't tell you when it's midnight, we will tell you when it's last call and time to get the hell out. ;), We just tapped some Dogfish Head Beer 120. And Fish Tacos are back! Yep, admit it, we just made your Monday., Our January Newsletter is out a few days early so you don't miss out on all this cool stuff! Check it out below!, Tonight's Steak Special is Steak Frites: skillet roasted steak with hand cut fries and red wine sauce., Our After Christmas Brunch party is from 10am-2pm today!, IT'S CHRISTMAS!!!!!!
Have a great day today and we'll see you at 6pm!, We wish everyone Happy Holidays!
We are open until 1am tonight but the kitchen is closing at 8pm., Fuel up to return all those Xmas presents you don't want with our After Christmas Brunch!
10am-2pm this Friday!, For all you hipsters out there, Evil Twin Brewing has a beer for you! It's good for all the rest of us #BeerGeeks, too., Check out our Holiday Hours!
Also, we're open on Friday at 10am for post-Christmas brunch., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Pork shank with wide egg noodles, mustard cream sauce, sun dried tomatoes and roasted shallots. 5pm!, So this is happening in January! It's an amazing time to try some of these hard to find beers on draft!

http://magounssaloon.com/dogfish-head-extreme-beer-tapping-event-2015/, STEAK FRITES special tonight!
Skillet Roasted Sliced Saloon Steak
Hand French Cut Fries
Red Wine Sauce, Thrillist says you should come check out our New Year's Day All-You-Can-Eat Hangover Buffet! Who are we to argue? We'll have $6 Bloody Mary's!, It's BBQ Time!
Pulled pork, smoked sausage, and chipotle glazed short ribs served with bacon mac & cheese with cornbread topping, collard greens with smoked turkey and buttermilk biscuits., Tonight is the last night for our Mac & Cheese menu :(  But worry not, for next month, we have BACON!, Team Trivia starts at 8:30pm tonight! Also, the Bruins take on the Predators at 8pm. Need a third reason to come in tonight? We have a burger with Mac & Cheese on it. <drops the mic>, We have 25¢ Wings tonight during the Saint/Bears game. If you are a Bears fan, this week's #BeerGeek draft might help you get through the game.

Evil Twin Brewing Christmas Eve at a New York City Hotel Room. 10% ABV Imperial Stout., We are only serving Brunch until noon today because of the Jingle Bell Run.

Good luck to all the runners out there! We'll see you after you cross the finish line!, Tonight's Steak Special is: Grilled Saloon Steak with garlic wilted spinach, bacon and onion roasted potatoes, red wine sauce. 5pm!, We are opening early at 9:30am this morning for our friends in the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston! Come join them!

Some kitchen changes because of the Jingle Bell Run:
Saturday: Brunch only from 10am-12pm for number pick-up
Sunday: Brunch only from 10am-12pm because of the race., So this is happening all next month!

cc: Weihenstephan USA, We love nothing more than BBQing in the snow! So we have BBQ!
Trio of Jerked Wings, Smoked Pork, Hot Links
Mac & Cheese topped with Crumbled Corn Bread
Collard Greens with Smoked Turkey
5pm until it's gone!, Are you ready for some Mac & Cheese tonight?, Only 2 more weeks of Mac & Cheese left! Come get some tonight before it's gone!, Did you read our latest newsletter? It may contain bacon!, We're big fans of whales with spikes and even bigger fans of this beer! #BeerGeek Monday's tap today is pouring some Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Narwhal Imperial Stout., Happy #RepealDay! As a bar, this is pretty much like our second birthday. Come in and celebrate the ratification of the 21st Amendment!

PS, we have 21st Amendment Brewery Fireside Chat on draft for celebratory pints!, We have BBQ Tonight, and yes...it has Mac & Cheese, too!
Bacon Wrapped Barbecued Meat Loaf
Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Creamy Cole Slaw
Buttermilk Biscuit
5pm!, Boston Magazine is sending us some love for our Mac & Cheese menu. OK, we guess we'll keep doing it each Wednesday through 12/17 then. So come get your Mac on!, It's darn cold out there today! Luckily, we've got some hot Team Trivia cooked up for you tonight at 8:30pm. Come join us!, We have this beer on draft today! #lunch Maine Beer Company #BeerGeekMonday, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow roasted boneless short rib
Grilled vegetables
Fried potatoes
Pan sauce.
5pm until it's gone!, Parkmobile USA Meters went up around Magoun Square! Now you can pay for parking with your phone! We have a link on our site where you can download the app.

http://magounssaloon.com/find_us/, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Char Grilled10oz Sirloin Steak
Mushroom Herb Risotto
Vegetable Ragout
Red Wine Sauce
Starts at 5pm!, We're opening at 9:30am today for the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston! Come cheer with them as Bayern Munich takes on Hertha BSC.

We also have:
Man U vs Hull City at 10am
Sunderland vs Chelsea at 12:30pm
and of course, BRUNCH at 10am!, We will be opening at 6pm tonight! Have a Happy Thanksgiving!, We know you were wondering, so here it is!
We have both Mac and Cheese tonight, combined for your pleasure.
We are opening Thanksgiving Day at 6pm with full kitchen for your post-holiday drinking pleasure., The Beer Geek beer tonight is Bourbon County Brand Stout!

We will show the rescheduled Bills/Jets game at 7pm and 25¢ Wings starts at that game's kickoff! We will also have the Baltimore/New Orleans game at its regularly scheduled time.

Pfew! Got all that? Good!, We are open at 10am today from Brunch!
NFL Sunday Ticket starts at 1pm
Pats take on the Lions at 1pm
Sunday Roast kicks off at 5pm.
#SundayFunDay!, We are opening at 9:30am today for our friends in the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston!

Bayern Munich vs Hoffenheim 9:30am
Arsenal vs Man U at 12:30pm, We've got a new thing on Fridays!
We call it Fish & Chips Friday!
(we're probably not winning an award for most creative name)
Crispy fried line-caught cod, hand cut fries and coleslaw.
It starts at 5pm!, This is almost too much BBQ tonight!
Pulled pork, smoked sausage, pork belly with jalapeno mac & cheese, creamy coleslaw and buttermilk biscuits.
5pm until it's gone!, We've got a kitchen full of Mac & Cheese! How could we ever possibly get rid of all this delicious, hot, cheesy, gooey, Mac & Cheese?, Team Trivia starts at 8:30pm tonight. And the Bruins take on the Blues at 7pm. Cheers to Tuesdays!, Get out of the rain and into 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football! The Pittsburgh Steelers take on the Tennessee Titans at 8:30pm., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Lemon Rosemary Roasted Split Chicken, Wilted Garlic Spinach, Roasted Potatoes and Pan Sauce.
5pm until it's gone!, Check out our Steak Special tonight!
Grilled Steak with jalapeno chimichurri sauce, patatas bravas dusted with smoked paprika & garlic aioli, served with grilled vegetables.
5pm until it's gone!, Happy National Guacamole Day! Have you tried our Holey Moley Guacamole burger? We love it with grilled chicken but it's also great veggie-style and hold the bacon. #GuacamoleDay, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Pulled Pork, Smoked Chicken Wings, Smoked Sausage with Jalapeno Mac & Cheese, Creamy Coleslaw and Buttermilk Biscuits. 5pm until there is no more!, The Mac is going to Attack at 5pm!, Our #BeerGeek Monday beer today is Lagunitas Brewing Co Scare City #1 Imperial Pilsner. This was a draft only/brewery only release.

It goes on tap at 5pm and Lagunitas will be here from 7-8pm for a mini-promo. See you then!, The folks at BostInno are getting excited for our Mac Attack menu on Wednesday!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Short Ribs with wilted spinach, fingerling potatoes and gravy.
5pm until it's gone!, Brunch is on until 2pm and NFL Sunday ticket starts at 1pm.
Plus, Sunday Roast at 5pm!

And if you have Mike Vrabel's Super Bowl Rings please come by so we can smack you around., Tonight's Steak Special is: 12oz Saloon Steak topped with blue cheese butter, hand cut fries and garlic spinach. 5pm until it's gone!, Starting November 24, you can pay for parking in Somerville via your phone! This is pretty huge!, We are opening at 9:30am today for our friends in the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston club as FC Bayern Munich takes on Eintracht Frankfurt.

Brunch starts at 10am
Man. U vs Crystal Palace 10am
QPR vs Man City at 12:30pm, Tonight's BBQ is: slow smoked pulled pork, smoked sausage, BBQ pork belly, bacon mac & cheese, potato salad and buttermilk biscuit! Available now!, Mac Attack is back! It's more than just a snack. It can be as addictive as crack. Eating too much will put you on your back. Brush your teeth afterwards to remove any plaque.

We're terrible poets., We have Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! Drink, answer questions correctly and win cool prizes!, Huge thanks to Sarah from SarahEatsBoston blog for the great review of our Mac & Cheese! Hey, did you know that this month's Wednesday Menu features 6 different mac & cheeses?, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Slow roasted pork loin with apple sauce, garlic sauteed spinach and blue cheese whipped potatoes. Available now until it's gone!, It's really more like medicine at this point. Get the cure starting at 10am!, A huge thank you to everyone who participated in our Green Flash raffle! The winner has been drawn and contacted! Congrats!, If your Trivia Team won last month, you'll want to make sure you stop in to Olde Magoun's by Tuesday at the VERY latest to pick up your prize. You know who you are!, Today is the last day to get in on the Green Flash raffle to see the Pats in San Diego! We put a special Green Flash Beer called Treasure Chest (proceeds go to breast cancer research) so you can double your chances to win! Drawing is at 9pm tonight!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Knockwurst, Pulled Pork and Andouille Sausage
Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Creamy Cole Slaw
Available now until it's gone!, It's the last night to get our Oktoberfest Menu! After 11pm tonight, you'll have to wait until next year to get your schnitzel on!, We have a special Halloween Themed Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!

Also...
Game 6 of the World Series
NBA Season Kickoff with Dallas Mavericks vs. the San Antonio Spurs, the Orlando Magic vs. the New Orleans Pelicans, and the Houston Rockets vs. the Los Angeles Lakers, Check out tonight's Sunday Roast!, It's a Futbol/Football mashup today at Olde Magoun's!
Brunch - 10am
12:00pm - Manchester United vs. Chelsea
12:30pm - Borussia Mönchengladbach vs. Bayern Munich
1pm - Bears vs Patriots
1pm - NFL Sunday Ticket
5pm - Sunday Roast Goodness!, Our steak special tonight is 12oz Saloon Steak with Mashed Potatoes with Bacon and Cheddar, Grilled Vegetables and Natural Pan Sauce. 5pm!, We are open at 10am for Brunch and some Premier League!
10am: Liverpool vs. Hull City
12:30pm: Swansea City vs. Leicester City
And a big ol' steak dinner at 5pm, Tonight's BBQ is Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs, Pickled Jalapeno & Bacon Mac, Potato Salad and Cornbread!, Come in from the rain for some BBQ, Thursday Night Football and the return of Johnny Boychuk to the Garden! It starts tonight at 5pm (we open at 11:30 if you need some pre-game warm-ups)., It's Wednesday! That means a special menu tonight, in this case, the last 2 weeks of our Oktoberfest Menu!

Check it out at 5pm!, Texans vs Steelers tonight at 8:30pm! And we have inexpensive buffalo wings during the game, 25¢ a piece!, This weather calls for some Sunday Roast!
Pepper Crusted Center Cut Pork Loin
Root Vegetable Ragout
Bacon Herb Gravy
5pm until it's gone!, We are brunching from 10am-2pm today and the NFL Sunday Ticket kicks off at 1pm., Prost! To all our Bayern Munich Fans of Boston friends who turned out this morning for the match! We look forward to seeing you all on the 26th!, We opened early for the FC Bayern vs. SV Werder Bremen match! Come in and catch all the futbol action this morning with our friends Bayern Munich Fans of Boston! And brunch!, Be sure to stop by Lyndell's Bakery and buy a half moon pie to support the Somerville Auxiliary Police Sean Collier Memorial Scholarship which helps Somerville High School Seniors pursuing a career in law enforcement. Like you need another reason to buy a half moon from Lyndell's!, Raise those spirits (and a pint) tonight with some BBQ!
Smoked Pork Belly & Gulf Shrimp Skewers
Over Cheesy Grits
Vinegar Pepper Sauce
Crusty Bread
5pm until it's gone!, It's a perfect night for some RINDER GULASCH: Stew made from beef and seasonal root vegetables served over egg noodles.

Get your Rinder Gulasch on tonight at 5pm with our Oktoberfest menu and Spaten Oktoberfest beer promotion., Oktoberfest menu today at 5pm and a Spatenbräu promotion. During Oktoberfest in Munich, Spaten was poured at the Hippodrom. But last year, after 111 years, it was replaced by the Marstall. This new tent is approximately the same size as the old Hippodrom, holding 4200 people, and still retains the horse motif. #themoreyouknow, Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! Answer questions for points, drink beer for points. It's the best of both worlds!, You could watch Monday Night Football at home and not have  25¢ Wings, or come here and watch Monday Night Football WITH 25¢ Wings. Your call!, Good Morning and Happy (day off from work/school or just a good traffic day)!
We will be opening at 11am today and serving you some brunch! 'Cuz that's how we roll!, You can't finish a Sunday without some roast!
Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin, grilled vegetables, egg noodles with Dijon sauce.
5pm until it's gone!, We've got your Sunday plans covered!
Brunch 10am-2pm
NFL Sunday Ticket + Pats game 1pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm
Tomorrow is a holiday so come and stay all day!, Tonight we dine on steak!
Beef Filet rolled with onion, mustard & bacon, sweet and sour cabbage, crispy pretzel spaetzle and pan sauce.
5pm until it's gone!, BBQ and Bruins tonight!
Slow Smoked Baby Back Ribs 
Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Grilled Sweet Local Corn
Buttermilk Biscuit, Come by tonight and check out the new Oktoberfest menu for this month! Plus, Bruins season opener!
, Boston Bruins season opener, new Oktoberfest menu AND liters of German beer! That's a strong argument for coming here tonight., There's only a few weeks left to get in on the Green Flash Brewing Co. Patriots game raffle! Enter each time you buy a Green Flash beer on draft!
, Hey #BeerGeeks! Our Beer Geek draught today is Unibroue Raftman, a peat-smoked whiskey malt beer. Plus, 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football!
, We have Sunday Roast: ROULADEN
Beef Filet Rolled 
W/ Onion, Mustard & Bacon
Sweet and Sour Cabbage
Boiled New Potatoes
Pan Sauce, What are you having for dinner? We have a Steak Special!
Pan Seared Sliced Beef Tenderloin, Egg Noodles, Root Vegetables & Paprika Ragout. 5pm until it's gone!, We are open early for the FC Bayern vs. Hannover 96 match. Willkommen to all our friends in the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston!, Happy Friday! Looking for a glass of whiskey or beer this weekend? We've got your back., BBQ SPECIAL TONIGHT! BBQ TRIO: Jerk Chicken/Ribs /Hot Links, Cheddar Jalapeño Mac & Cheese, Grilled Sweet Local Corn, Corn Bread. 5pm until it's gone!, Nothing takes the edge off a rainy Wednesday like a Liter of beer and some hot German food. 5pm and it can be yours!, Need more #Oktoberfest? We've got ya covered! Day 2 of our #Oktoberfest Biergarten starts at noon!

Indoors: NFL Sunday Ticket, Tonight's Steak Special is: Grilled sliced bistro steak, bacon & cheese mashed potatoes, cider glazed cabbage and black pepper gravy., Because sometimes we all need a picture of Eddie in Lederhosen #Oktoberfest2014, Directions and a convenient parking map are available on our website if you need such things today., Grab your lederhosen and dirndl! Our 2-Day #Oktoberfest Paulaner Biergarten starts today at 12pm!

We open indoors at 9am for the FC Köln vs. FC Bayern Munich match., Our Oktoberfest Biergarten starts tomorrow! The weather should be great all weekend and we are looking forward to seeing you there! Prost!, We still have a few more days to go until our Oktoberfest Biergarten, but you can get some fine German food and beer tonight with our Oktoberfest Wednesday Menu! It's starts at 5pm!, This Saturday our Oktoberfest Biergarten kicks off! Who's excited?, Only 5 more days until sausages & beer at our Paulaner Oktoberfest Biergarten!, Tonight we have 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football!, null, null, Only Six more days until the Paulaner Oktoberfest Biergarten!, It's Sunday and that means Roast! Slow roasted pork shank, sweet and sour braised cabbage, sauteed red bliss potatoes, crispy onion rings and a mustard sauce., It's the first day of Oktoberfest in Munich and we're opening at 9:30am for the Hamburger SV vs FC Bayern Munich match with our friends in the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston club! Come join us!, How many Green Flash Brewing Co. raffle tickets are you up to?
, Have you seen the latest Improper Bostonian Magazine? Yep, that's our Oktoberfest Biergarten featured right there. 8 Days and counting!, We got BBQ tonight! Grilled Gulf Shrimp and Smoked Pork Belly Skewers, Vinegar Pepper Sauce with side of Cheesy Grits. #BBQ, It's Wednesday! Time for German food (starting at 5pm)!, Today's #BeerGeek beer is Stone's Quadrotriticale. Plus we have 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football!

http://www.stochasticity.com/beers/quadrotriticale, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Roasted Pork Shank (Schweinshaxe) with Cabbage Apples & Bacon, Crispy Potatoes & Onion and Cider Gastrique. 5pm until it's gone!, We've got a Steak Special tonight starting at 5pm:
Grilled sliced 12oz saloon steak with creamy potato dumplings, bacon braised cabbage and grain mustard sauce., Today we're tapping Samuel Adams Kosmic Mother Funk Grand Cru, one of only 9 bars in the Boston area!

What is KMF? Kosmic Mother Funk is a one-of-a-kind Belgian ale fermented with multiple micro-organisms including Brettanomyces, Lactobacillus and other wild critters found in the environment of our 150 year old brewery. KMF is aged in large oak barrels which impart unique flavors into the KMF as it develops its flavors for over a year. Wild yeast and different bacteria in the tuns impart unique spicy, fruity, and bright tart characters to the beer. The porous character of the oak also allows air to slowly seep into the beer during aging and this long slow micro-oxidation through the wood smooths out harsh flavors., We are hiring a door person and host. If you are interested, or know someone who is, stop by the bar to apply in person!, Get your schnitzel on tonight with our Oktoberfest Menu! It starts at 5pm! We also have authentic German Oktoberfest beers on draft available by the liter!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-wednesday-menu-2014/, Want to work at one of the coolest beer bars in the Boston area? WE ARE HIRING!

We're looking for a host to work our front door! Restaurant experience preferred. Please apply in person!

Feel free to share this if you know of someone who might be interested., Celtics tickets are up for grabs as this month's Team Trivia Grand Prize!  Team Trivia is tonight at 8:30pm!, Green Flash Brewing Co. Green Bullet Triple IPA is our #BeerGeek beer today. This beer is all about New Zealand hops.
, What??? This is crazy! Crazy good, that is.

http://magounssaloon.com/patriots-game-raffle-with-green-flash/, It's a German Sunday Roast tonight!
Sauerbraten with cider glazed cabbage and apples, crispy spaetzle dumpling.
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Steak Special is a 12oz Sliced Saloon steak with Spuds with Bacon and Onions, Roasted Carrots and Ginger and Natural Pan Sauce., Starting Monday this is happening! #Raffle, It's Kansas City BBQ tonight!
Slow smoked baby back ribs, bacon jalapeno mac & cheese, creamy country cole slaw and a buttermilk biscuit., #Oktoberfest is in full swing! Get over here!, Come help us kick-off Oktoberfest tonight with our Ceremonial Keg Tapping! We're hand tapping a wooden keg of Paulaner Oktoberfest Weisn (the same beer served in the tent in Munich) and whipping up a special menu of Bavarian cuisine! Food starts at 5pm, keg is tapped at 7pm.

Lederhosen and Dirndls are optional but encouraged., We're kicking off Oktoberfest tomorrow at 7pm with our Oktoberfest Keg Tapping Ceremony! Check out our complete guide to #Oktoberfest at the link below!

http://magounssaloon.com/guide-to-oktoberfest-2014/, Here at Olde Magoun's Saloon, we celebrate #LaborDay with beer (Maine Beer Co. Lunch) and $8 Taco plates!

Tonight's Tacos are:
Porktastic - chipotle braised roast pork loin with cucumber, tomato salad and goat cheese.
Fish Taco - tilapia blackened, grilled, pan fried or crispy fried, with cilantro crema and pico de gallo., The #BeerGeek beer tonight is Maine Beer Co. Lunch!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is Yankee Pot Roast with New Potatoes., Tonight's Steak Special is: Bistecca Pizzaiola
10oz Grilled Sliced Sirloin Steak with Pappardelle Noodles, Pizzaiola Sauce and Garlic Bread.
5pm until it's gone!, Come join the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston today at 12:30pm and cheer on FC Bayern Munich as they take on FC Schalke 04. This is our first "Official" match and are excited to welcome everyone here today., Tonight's BBQ Special is: Kentucky BBQ with slow smoked pork loin with a bourbon glaze, country style cole slaw, smokey pork & beans, buttermilk biscuit. 5pm!, Hurrumph!! Not even a mention? Oh well, gotta keep the hipster cred, right?

Congrats to our friends at Craigie On Main and R.F O' Sullivan.

http://www.zagat.com/best-burgers/boston/, Summer ain't over yet, gad dammit! There's still time to get your hot dog fix tonight at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-days-of-summer-2014/, We have Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! It's your final chance to win our monthly prize of a Jack's Abby Brewing VIP package.

Stay tuned for next month's grand prize!, Oktoberfest is coming! Here is your guide to all things Oktoberfest at Olde Magoun's Saloon including our menu and Paulaner Biergarten.

http://magounssaloon.com/guide-to-oktoberfest-2014/, Taco Monday is here and of course we have amazing tacos for you.

PORKTASTIC TACO
Roast pork loin, spicy cucumber relish, sweet corn salsa, scallion sour cream and a side of rice & beans
 
FISH TACO
Tilapia (blackened, grilled, pan fried or crispy fried) w/ cilantro crema and pico de gallo with a side of rice & beans, Today's #BeerGeek Beers are a trio from Dark Horse Brewing Co..
We have three versions of Crooked Tree IPA brewed with three different hops. This is a great and unique way to sample the different hop aromas and flavors.

DARK HORSE EDACSAC DEKOORC EERT
"Cascade Crooked Tree" spelled backwards.
Crooked Tree IPA brewed with 100% Cascade hops.
Peppery, bitter grapefruit hop profile with a firm malty balance.

DARK HORSE F.F. DEKOORC EERT
"Falconer's Flight Crooked Tree" spelled backwards.
Crooked Tree IPA brewed with 100% Falconer's Flight hops.
Grassy, citrusy aroma. Pine resin, orange and cucumber on the palate.

DARK HORSE OLLOPA DEKOORC EERT
"Apollo Crooked Tree" spelled backwards.
Crooked Tree IPA brewed with 100% Apollo hops.
Hazy orange/brown color, sweet candied almond aroma, and pure grassy bitterness on the palate., Tonight's Sunday Roast is Porchetta; center cut pork loin rolled with pork belly and fresh herbs, served with mushroom polenta and garlic spinach. 5pm until it's gone!, We open at 10am today for all your brunching needs!

Premier League games today:
Sunderland vs Man U 10:30am
Man City vs Liverpool 2pm

Pre-season NFL
Chargers vs 49ers 4pm
Bengals vs Cardinals 8pm

Sunday roast at 5pm!, Our steak special tonight is a 12oz Sliced Sirloin steak with crumbled blue cheese, crispy new potatoes, sauteed spinach and port wine demi. 5pm until it's gone!, Brunch, Bloody Mary's and Premier League start at 10am!
Chelsea vs Leicester City 10am
Everton vs Arsenal 12:30pm, Put it in your calendar! Wednesday, September 3 at 7pm we kick off Oktoberfest with an official Keg Tapping Ceremony and our Oktoberfest Wednesday menu!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
BBQ Trio
Baby Back Ribs/ Hot Links
Pulled Pork/ Grilled Corn
Pork & Beans/ Buttermilk Biscuit
5pm until it's gone!, Need a place to hold your Fantasy Football Draft? Reserve a table today and we'll provide some free appetizers!
Call us at (617) 776-2600, It's HOTDOG DAY!

http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-days-of-summer-2014/, Team Trivia kicks off tonight at 8:30pm! There's still time to win our monthly grand prize of a private tasting at tour, plus a gift certificate for beer from Jack's Abby Brewing!, Lunch is on draft today! Come grab a pint today! #BeerGeek #BeerGeekMonday, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow roasted center cut pork loin
White bean & sweet corn smoked pork belly succotash
Now until it's gone!, Have you signed up yet to be an official member of the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston? Click below and do it!, Brunch is on and we're ready for more Premier League!
The defending champs Man City take on Newcastle at 10:30am.
Sunday Roast at 5pm!, Tonight's Steak Special is: 12oz sliced saloon steak with mushroom thyme risotto, grilled Italian veggies and red wine sauce. 5pm until it's gone!, Join us today for Brunch and the start of Premier League! Man U dropped their first match already and we have:
Everton vs Leicester City 10am
Crystal Palace vs Arsenal 12:30pm, One of the 10 Most Dangerous Burgers in America! Have you tried our Death Wish Burger yet?

http://bit.ly/1uUy3Yz, Tonight's Cask is Harpoon Brewery Irish Stout.

Cheers!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Bacon wrapped BBQ turkey meatloaf
Pork & beans, potato salad
Buttermilk biscuit
Red eye gravy
5pm until it's gone!, ATTENTION!!! Our kitchen got flooded so we had to close it. To make up for it we set out a free Chinese food buffet.

Sorry for everyone who's excited for hot dogs or your regular Olde Magoun's favorites., Smile! It's hotdog day!

http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-days-of-summer-2014/, Hey #BeerGeeks! We have BrewDog Punk IPA on draft today! New Zealand hops all up in there!, It's Taco Monday!
Bacon & Beef Tacos: braised bacon and beef in a smoky tomato reduction
Fish Tacos: blackened, grilled, pan fried, or crispy fried tilapia with cilantro crema and pico de gallo
All come with side of rice and beans and are only $8 a plate!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Beef Short Rib
Chive Whipped Potatoes
Sauteed Spinach
Pan Gravy
5pm until it's gone!, Yep! It's that day again! From 12pm-6pm today DigBoston will buy your first 2 draft beers!

Stay classy and be sure to still tip your bartenders and servers., Tomorrow from 12-6pm DigBoston will buy your first 2 beers! Go thank them now because you know you'll forget later.

Also, don't forget to tip your bartenders and servers., New Stuff on Draught! Here are some highlights:
Timmermans Beers Blanche Lambicus (BEL)
Dogfish Head Beer Festina Peche (DE)
Lost Nation Brewing Gose (VT) 
Jack's Abby Brewing Aussie Rules (MA)
Wittekerke Witbier (BEL)

Full list is here

, BBQ Special today is:
BBQ Spaghetti!!! (what???)
Spaghetti with applewood bacon, pulled pork, BBQ beef and smoked tomatoes topped with pepperjack cheese and served with crusty bread., Hotdogs!!! Comin' atcha!!

http://magounssaloon.com/dawg-days-of-summer-2014/, Come join the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston in watching the MLS All-Star game tomorrow night at 9:30pm where the MLS All-Stars take on FC Bayern Munich., ICYMI: Here is a link to our August Newsletter filled with info on Hotdog Menu, Sour Beers, Cocktails, Bottle List, Oktoberfest Biergarten & 5K, and more!

http://bit.ly/1v69OKZ, Our #BeerGeek beer today is Another One from Maine Beer Company! On draft all day today (until it runs out).

http://www.mainebeercompany.com/our-beers/another-one/, Sunday Roast!
Braised short ribs with Asian reduction
Grilled vegetables
Mashed potatoes
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Steak Special:
Surf & Turf! Grilled sliced bistro steak served with shrimp and homemade bacon skewers finished with a vinegar pepper glaze.
Roasted potatoes and grilled veggies.
Available now!, Happy International Beer Day! We know we can't get New Belgium Brewing Company in this state yet, but this image was just too freakin' awesome not to share. #Cheers! #intlbeerday, Tonight's Cask is Mayflower Brewing Company Summer Rye Ale! "Brewed with pilsner, rye, and wheat malts and plenty of American hops, this beer is dry and spicy with mild and fruity bitterness.", BBQ Special tonight is:
BBQ shrimp skewers & smoked peppered pork belly
Cheesy grits
Crusty bread
North Carolina mop sauce.
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight is the last night for BaconPalooza!!!
Your cardiologist will be happy to hear this.

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-5-summer-2014/, Cheers to the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston for official recognition! Now, lets get the season started!

ICYMI: we're the host bar this season so you can catch every single match right here!, Fish Tacos!
Carne Asada: grilled steak, guacamole, spicy pepper relish, queso blanco, side of rice and beans
Fish Taco: fresh tilapia, crispy fried or blackened, with cilantro crema, pico de gallo, side of rice and beans., Are you a fan of FC Bayern Munich? Then you need to sign up with Bayern Munich Fans of Boston! We are their host bar this season and will be showing every match, even if it means opening early.

Click on the link below to sign up!, Sunday Roast!
Split chicken with lemon roasted garlic
Sauteed new potatoes
Honey glazed carrots
Natural sauce
5pm until it's gone!, Get your bum in gear and head over for some Brunch!
We're serving it from 10am-2pm

Red Sox vs Rays at 1:30pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm, Steak Special tonight!
12oz Grilled Sliced Saloon Steak
Chive Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Mushroom Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Bacon wrapped BBQ meatloaf stuffed with cheese
Smoked pork & beans
Creamy mac & cheese
Buttermilk biscuit!
5pm until it's gone!, It's BaconPalooza Day!

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-5-summer-2014/, A big and hearty willkommen to the Bayern Munich Fans of Boston! We will be hosting their club for every match starting on Aug. 22 vs VfL Wolfsburg. Come by and raise a Liter with us!, It's Monday and that mean tacos for $8 a plate!
Choose from:
Chicken Tinga - braised chicken in tomato garlic and chipotle peppers topped with avocado crema/cojita cheese

Fish Taco - fresh cod crispy fried or blackened with cilantro crema/pico de gallo

Both served with side of rice and beans., It looks like Lunch is on the menu today...Maine Beer Co. Lunch that is!

(we're pretty sure we are the first to ever use this joke, yep! the first!), We don't know about you, but we're drinking some Goose Island Bourbon County Brand Stout today., Tonight's Sunday Roast:
Tuscan Style Split Chicken
Fresh Herbs & Garlic Heirloom Tomato Salad
Sauteed New Potatoes
Caponata Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, If this is what you THOUGHT you looked like last night, then we need to fix you up with some brunch this morning.

Brunch 10am-2pm
British Open Final Round
Sunday Roast at 5pm, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Sliced Bistro Steak
Grilled Vegetables
Crispy Red Potatoes
Black Pepper Demi
5pm until it's gone!, It's Friday and we're ready to party!

We have British Open coverage all weekend with the fancy DirecTV multi-channel package., Get on tonight's cask, it's Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Union Jack IPA. This awesome IPA won't last long! #NERAX, Tonight's BBQ is:
New Orleans BBQ Shrimp & Tasso Ham
Over Cheesy Grits
Crusty Bread
5pm until it's gone!, If you have a minute, we'd sure appreciate you voting for us for Best Restaurant in Magoun Square, Best Pub Food and Best Beer Selection. But only if you honestly feel that way, of course.

Cheers!

http://scoutsomerville.com/, It's almost time for BACON!

BaconPalooza starts at 5pm, Congrats to locals Cambridge Brewing Company and Ebenezer's Pub for making this list! Some awesome places are recommended here by people who know!

http://www.craftbeer.com/craft-beer-muses/10-bucket-list-beer-bars, Pictures of BaconPalooza from the Boston Globe

http://bit.ly/1jIdHko, Come hang with Green Flash Brewing Co. tonight from 6-8pm! We're tapping some special stuff including East Village Pilsner and Hop Odyssey White and Black IPA. Other beers at the link below!

http://magounssaloon.com/green-flash-east-village-pilsner-night/, Hey all you #BeerGeeks! BCBS is on draft right now. We open at 11:30am., Green Flash Brewing Co. is coming over on Tuesday to hang with us. And they're bringing beer!!!

http://magounssaloon.com/green-flash-east-village-pilsner-night/, Tonight's Sunday Roast!
Roast leg of lamb topped with artichoke hearts, kalamata olives and herbs
New Potatoes
Tomato Confit
Roasted Garlic
Rosemary Thyme Jus
5pm until it's gone!, World Cup Finals today at 3pm! #WorldCup2014
And of course, Sunday Roast at 5pm!
Have a great Sunday everyone!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Grilled 12oz Sliced Saloon Steak
Chive Mashed Potatoes
Corn on the Cob
Bacon Onion Demi, It might be the more interesting game of the 2 this weekend. What Brazil team shows up today at 4pm?

Brunch 10am-2pm
Brazil vs Netherlands 4pm
Steak Special 5pm, It's Friday and we're all feelin' like this dude!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCenyuUHbsU, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
New Orleans BBQ Shrimp & Andouille
Over Cheesy Grits
With Crusty Bread

Tonight's Cask is: Marston's Pedigree Ale from England, BaconPalooza tonight at 5pm. What more do you need to know?

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-5-summer-2014/, Brazil vs Germany today at 4pm! Should be a doozie!

Weihenstephan USA will be here at 3:30pm for a German beer promo!, It's #TacoMonday! Taco plates tonight are Carne Asada and Ensenada tacos for only $8 a plate!

Also, come check out our tap takeover with Anderson Valley Brewing Company!, Weihenstephan USA is coming by tomorrow to bribe you into rooting for Germany with a special beer promotion during the game. Will they succeed? Their beer is darn good!, Anderson Valley Brewing Company is storming in today at 6pm and taking over a bunch of our taps! Better come drink it all up!

Here is what's pouring!
http://magounssaloon.com/anderson-valley-tap-takeover/
, Tonight's Sunday Roast:
Slow roasted herb crusted pork loin
Bacon mashed potatoes
Grilled vegetables
Dijon sauce
5pm until it's gone!, We are just 1 DAY AWAY from our Anderson Valley Brewing Company Tap Takeover!

Check out the lineup!

http://magounssaloon.com/anderson-valley-tap-takeover/, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Sliced Bistro Steak
Grilled Vegetables
Twice Baked Bacon Stuffed Potato
Natural Pan Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, Today is like Saturday Part Deux!! Cheers to bonus weekend days!
Brunch from 10am-2pm
Argentina vs Belgiam 12pm
Netherlands vs Costa Rica 4pm
Stage 1 of the Tour de France
Steak Special at 5pm, World Cup Quarter-Finals begin today!
France vs Germany 12pm
Brazil vs Colombia 4pm

Have a safe and happy 4th!, Tonight's Fireworks BBQ Special is:
Baby Back Ribs, Jerk Chicken, Pulled Pork
Mac & Cheese
Grilled Corn
Buttermilk Biscuit
5pm until it's gone!

Cask tonight is Mayflower Brewing Company IPA, Somerville Fireworks are tonight, so plan your parking/driving accordingly!

We happen to make a pretty awesome place to meet before and after the fireworks. We'll have BBQ and some fresh cask ale waiting for you!, We suggest a heart-healthy breakfast today because at 5pm, THIS!

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-5-summer-2014/, You know where to be at 4pm!, ICYMI: Our July Newsletter went out this morning! You can read it at the giant link below.

http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?ca=72245b72-c8af-4a34-afae-9039b26d4157&c=13ad6890-5408-11e3-9ded-d4ae528eaba9&ch=14779660-5408-11e3-9f59-d4ae528eaba9, Aaaah yeah!

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-5-summer-2014/, Who's coming over for Lunch?

http://www.mainebeercompany.com/our-beers/lunch/, Tonight's Sunday Roast!
Ale brined split chicken
Garlic mashed potatoes
Grilled vegetables
Pan sauce
5pm until it's gone!, Round of 16 continues today with:
Netherlands vs Mexico 12pm
Costa Rica vs Greece 4pm

We also have Sunday Roast at 5pm!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Grilled 12oz Sliced Sirloin Steak
Bacon & Gorgonzola
Arugula Salad
Crack Black Pepper Demi, The #WorldCup2014 Round of 16 starts today!
Brazil vs Chile 12pm
Colombia vs Uruguay 4pm

We also have Brunch from 10am-2pm and a Steak Special at 5pm., For those of you who couldn't care less about #WorldCup2014, we dedicate today to you! We promise not to show a single live World Cup match all day long!, BBQ Special tonight:
Creole Style BBQ Shrimp & Andouille
Over Cheesy Grits with Crusty Bread
Cask tonight is Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor IPA, We are opening at 10am this morning! You know why!
#WorldCup2014 #USMNT, Just an FYI, we will be opening at 10am tomorrow for the US vs Germany game. Come grab your seats early!, It's the last night of our World Cup special menu! Don't miss out on great dishes like our Moules Frites: hand cut fries, fresh mussels simmered in saison topped with garlic mayo, Here is your World Cup viewing schedule for today.
12pm: Italy vs. Uruguay (win or go home!)
12pm: Costa Rica vs. England
4pm: Japan vs. Colombia
4pm: Greece vs. Ivory Coast, Tonight's #BeerGeek beer is from BrewDog, 5am Saint Amber Ale. You may have seen their TV show, now try some of their beer!, It's Taco Monday! Today's tacos are Barbacoa and Shrimp tacos. Only $8 a plate starting at 5pm!, We have a Modelo promotion today starting at 3:30 and going until the end of the Brazil game. Just one more reason to come cheer!, Today's World Cup schedule features Group A and B double-headers.
12pm: Australia vs Spain
12pm: Netherlands vs Chile
4pm: Cameroon vs Brazil
4pm: Croatia vs Mexico

We'll have a new Beer Geek beer and some tasty tacos at 5pm!, Because we know you like to plan you day early, here is tonight's Sunday Roast!
Traditional Yankee Pot Roast
Carrots, Pearl Onions, New Potatoes
Popovers
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Sliced Sirloin Steak
Truffled Cream Corn
Parmesan Fries
Pan Sauce, World Cup Group F and G matches today.
12pm: Argentina vs Iran
3pm: Germany vs Ghana
6pm: Nigeria vs Bosnia and Herzegovina

Also, we have Brunch from 10am-2pm and a Steak Special at 5pm., Happy Friday!

Who's ready for some World Cup upsets today?
12pm: Italy vs. Costa Rica
3pm: Switzerland vs. France
6pm: Honduras vs. Ecuador, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Smoked Baby Back Ribs
Grilled Corn
Creamy Coleslaw
Buttermilk Biscuit
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Cask is White Birch Brewing Hop Session Aged in Apple Brandy Barrels. #NERAX, World Cup matches, BBQ and Cask Ale. Butt, meet barstool!

12pm: Colombia vs Ivory Coast
3pm: Uruguay vs England
5pm: BBQ Special
6pm: Japan vs Greece, Our World Cup Menu kicks off at 5pm today! Enjoy it while watching Cameroon vs Croatia at 6pm., Here is your schedule for today:
12pm eastern: Australia vs. Netherlands
3pm: Spain vs. Chile
5pm: World Cup Special Menu
6pm: Cameroon vs. Croatia, Tonight's Trivia Beer is any beer from Moa Brewing. Order a Moa beer and receive a point for your team!, We've got all the World Cup matches all day long! Plus Trivia tonight at 8:30pm
12pm - Belgium v. Algeria
3pm - Brazil v. Mexico
6pm - Russia v. South Korea, Today's Taco Menu: $8 a plate
Crispy Lamb Taco
Blackened Tilapia Taco
Steak Bowl with Rice & Beans
&
MOA BEER Tap Takeover at 6pm!, MOA BEER Tap Takeover is happening today at 6pm! This brewer from New Zealand is brewing some kick-butt beers and ciders. Check out all the beers below!

http://magounssaloon.com/moa-brewing-tap-takeover-june-16-2014/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Roast Leg of Lamb
Seasonal Vegetables
Whipped Potatoes
Rosemary Garlic Jus
5pm until it's gone!, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!
Bring him to his favorite saloon in Magoun Square for brunch, World Cup Soccer, U.S. Open and Sunday Roast. You could probably just leave him here while you go do other stuff. We'll keep an eye on him for you ;)

Brunch 10am-2pm
U.S. Open 12pm
Switzerland vs Ecuador 12pm
France vs Honduras 3pm
Sunday Roast 5pm
Argentina vs Bosnia and Herzegovina 6pm, Our MOA BEER tap takeover is just a few days away! Check out the awesome beers we'll have!

http://magounssaloon.com/moa-brewing-tap-takeover-june-16-2014/, A full day today of World Cup Soccer, US Open Golf, Brunch and Steaks!
Brunch 10am-2pm
US Open Golf 12-7pm
Columbia vs Greece 12pm
Uruguay vs Costa Rica 3pm
Indians vs Red Sox 4pm
Steak Special 5pm
ENGLAND vs ITALY 6pm
Ivory Coast vs Japan 9pm, Estrella Damm is coming by today to help you cheer for or against Spain as they take on the Netherlands at 3pm. They don't care who you cheer for as long as you do it while enjoying a pint of Estrella Damm!, Sam Adams special event, World Cup soccer, BBQ & a new cask...all in one night!!! That's too much awesome for most bars but we can handle it., Thrillist knows what's up! They rank us as a Top 6 place to watch the World Cup!

http://www.thrillist.com/drink/boston/places-to-watch-world-cup-2014-in-boston-things-to-do-in-boston, We guess everything needs an official song these days.

Brazil vs Croatia tonight at 4pm!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGtWWb9emYI, Our World Cup Menu is on tonight at 5pm! Check out the link below for all the menu items.

http://magounssaloon.com/world-cup-menu-2014/, WBZ | CBS Boston asked us to pick our 5 favorite local summer beers. Here is what we picked!
White Birch Brewing, Notch Brewing, Mayflower Brewing Company, Rising Tide Brewing Company, Jack's Abby Brewing

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/ask-a-boston-bar-manager-favorite-local-summer-beers-olde-magouns-saloon-edition/, Tonight's Trivia beer is Wormtown Brewery Be Hoppy. Get a point per pint for your team and keep the glass! One glass per person please!, Starting Thursday it's going to be "all soccer all the time" for the next month with World Cup 2014 upon us! Don't be left out of the water-cooler talk! Here's a great article on how to watch the World Cup like a True Soccer Nerd.

http://grantland.com/features/how-to-watch-the-world-cup-like-a-true-soccer-nerd/, It's Taco Monday! Here's what's on the menu: All $8 a plate
Ahi Tuna Bites: bite sized tuna & cucumber tacos topped with chipotle aioli
Braised Chicken Taco: with tomatillo salsa sour cream and fiery salsa on the side with rice & beans
Fish Taco: blacked fresh tilapia, pico de gallo, cilantro creme and tomatillo guacamole and side of rice & beans.

Maine Beer Co. Weez is the #BeerGeek Beer!, Today's #BeerGeek Beer is Maine Beer Co. Weez

http://www.mainebeercompany.com/our-beers/weez/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Pepper Crusted Slow Roasted Sirloin
Grilled Herb Vegetables
Whipped Potatoes
Natural Pan Sauce
Starts at 5pm!, Can California Chrome take the Triple Crown? Find out at 6:30pm today!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Grilled Sirloin Steak
Mashed Potatoes
With Gorganzola Cheese
Pizzaiola Sauce
Fresh Mozzarella Cheese
5pm until it's gone!, Busy day today? Make time for some beer!
Brunch from 10am-2pm
Belmont Stakes post time 6:32pm
Stanley Cup Game 2 7pm
Sox vs Tigers 7:15pm, A little rain won't keep us from BBQing! Tonight's Special is:
Chicken, Ribs and Smoked Pork
Creamy Cole Slaw
Mac & Cheese with Bacon and Pickled Jalapenos
Cornbread
5pm until it's gone!, The World Cup doesn't start until June 12, but our World Cup menu starts tonight!

http://magounssaloon.com/world-cup-menu-2014/, Our June Newsletter is out! Don't let us hang out in your spam folder with all those Nigerian bank emails.

You can always check it out here!

http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?ca=b7ee873f-f5fb-46fc-975a-abb0fca796d6&c=13ad6890-5408-11e3-9ded-d4ae528eaba9&ch=14779660-5408-11e3-9f59-d4ae528eaba9, We're "freshening up" Team Trivia tonight with more relaxed rules and a new beer bonus point system. We'll announce a beer before the first round, each beer that your team orders during the game will earn them bonus points. Game starts at 8:30pm!

The Trivia Beer tonight is Ayinger Munich Helles Lager: .5L = 1pt, 1L = 3pt

Please drink and answer trivia questions responsibly., MOA BEER from New Zealand is taking over our taps on Monday, June 16. Check out the lineup below!

http://magounssaloon.com/moa-brewing-tap-takeover-june-16-2014/, Taco Monday Specials!
Tortilla Chips: basket of fresh made tortilla chips with fire salsa & tomatillo guacamole - $5

Carne Asada Taco: with red onion, jack cheese, tomatillo salsa, side of rice & beans - $8

Fish Taco: crispy beer batter with fresh tilapia, red onion and cilantro creme, pico de gallo, side of rice & beans - $8, Tonight's #BeerGeek Beer is Mikkeller Spontanelderflower, a lambic brewed with elderflowers that give it a tropical floral note., Tonight's Roast is: Rosemary & Garlic Roasted Leg of Lamb, Grilled Asparagus, Goat Cheese Mashed Potatoes and Natural Pan Sauce. Starts at 5pm!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
12oz Sirloin steak
Sauteed Spinach
Crispy New Potatoes
Ginger Hoisin Glaze, Oh hey! The Red Sox have won 5 straight!
We'll celebrate with Brunch from 10am-2pm
Steak special at 5pm
And we'll see if they can make it 6 straight at 7pm!, Tonight's BBQ Specials is:
BBQ Chicken, Ribs and Pulled Pork
Creamy Cole Slaw
Mac & Cheese
Corn Bread
5pm until it's gone!, World Cup may not start until June 12, but we're starting our celebration next Wednesday with 8 dishes from participating countries! Check them out at the link below.

http://magounssaloon.com/world-cup-menu-2014/, It's your last chance to get our Italian bar food and Italian Birra menu! Don't miss out!

http://magounssaloon.com/italian-birra-bar-food-wednesdays-in-may-2014/, It's the final night of our Italian Cicchetti Menu, which also means the final night you can get our Arancini; deep fried saffron risotto stuffed with pancetta and fontina served with amatriciana sauce., Quite possible the most awesome brewery out of Utah, Uinta Brewing is taking over our taps tonight with 6 different beers on draft including Birthday Suit and Cockeyed Cooper., We're doing a Uinta Brewing tap takeover tomorrow! Check out the lineup at the link below!

http://magounssaloon.com/uinta-brewing-co-tap-takeover/, Tonight's $8 Surf or Turf Tacos are:
Carne Asada with guacamole, red onion, lime, fiery salsa side of rice and beans.

Fish Taco with crispy beer battered cod, cabbage and cilantro creme, pico de gallo and side of rice & beans., The #BeerGeek beer today is Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Parabola! This barrel-aged imperial stout is ranked as World Class across many beer rating sites. Don't miss out!, Today's #BeerGeek Monday beer is Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Parabola. Don't miss this one, it will go fast!

http://www.firestonebeer.com/beers/products/parabola, We are open for Brunch today- 11am-2pm Join Us!, Tonight's Roast is Lemon & Garlic Split Chicken, Grilled Asparagus and Whipped Potatoes. 5pm until it's gone!, Most of you don't have to go to work tomorrow, so today is like Second Saturday!

We have Second Breakfast going until 2pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm
Fresh Cask Ale on the engine today, too!, Brunch is on! (until 2pm)
UEFA Champions Final at 2:45pm
Red Sox at 4pm
Steak Special at 5pm, UEFA Champions Final is today at 2:45pm and it's a local rivalry!
Atlético de Madrid vs Real Madrid C.F.
Catch all the action with us!, Tonight's BBQ Special is a Korean flair:
BBQ Korean Short Ribs
Kimchi
Pickled Cucumber
Sesame Spinach
Sticky Rice
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's cask is Mayflower Brewing Company IPA. It goes on the engine at 6pm #NERAX, Red Sox at 4pm
BBQ and new Cask Ale at 5pm.
Yep, we've got your after-work needs covered!, Italian craft beers paired with small plate Italian food, it's happening tonight at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/italian-birra-bar-food-wednesdays-in-may-2014/, We challenge you to find a better Tiramisu than Chef Howie's! He even incorporates Italian craft beer into it. Try it tonight at 5pm!, The Tacos tonight are Tuna Tartar, Crispy Pork and Fresh Tilapia!

Maine Beer Co. Lunch is the Beer Geek Beer., We can't wait one more day for Taco Tuesday, so we do Taco Monday!!! $8 Taco plates at 5pm!

Also, it's #BeerGeek Monday and that means a fresh keg of Maine Beer Co. Lunch is on draft!, Thanks for the great review, Sarah! We appreciate it!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Porchetta Pork Roast stuffed with Italian Herbs
Mushroom Polenta
Grilled Vegetables
Roasted Garlic & Rosemary Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, It's Sunday!
That means Roasts are Roasting (ready at 5pm)
Cask ales are Conditioning (on the engine at 6pm)
And Brunch is Brunchering from 10am-2pm.

See you soon!, Saturday Night Steak Special:
12 ounce Pan Seared Bistro Steak
Crispy Yukon Gold Potatoes
Grilled Asparagus
Natural Pan Sauce

Join us!!!, California Chrome goes for win #2 today at the Preakness Stakes! Post time is 6:18pm, Day drinking today? Start with us at 10am!
Brunch 10am-2pm
Steak Special 5pm
Preakness at 6:18pm
Red Sox vs Tigers at 7pm, BBQ Special tonight is:
Country Style Baby Back Ribs
Cheddar Cheese Mashed Potatoes
Mixed Veggies
Corn Bread
5pm until it's gone!, Two Roads Brewing Company launch party is tonight! We also have Heavy Seas Beer Loose Cannon on cask!, This is happening today! Come help us welcome Two Roads Brewing Company to MA!, Italian small plates and rare Italian craft beer is about to start!

Check out the Arancini made with Saffron risotto., Check out one of the newest breweries to hit the MA beer scene, Two Roads Brewing Company, tomorrow! Beers on tap all day and a special promotion kicks off at 8pm. Be one of the first to try Road Jam summer seasonal!

http://magounssaloon.com/two-roads-brewing-co-tap-takeover/, Get your Italian Birra and Cicchetti on tonight with our special menu! These beers and small plates are amazing and not to be missed!

http://magounssaloon.com/italian-birra-bar-food-wednesdays-in-may-2014/, Lots of reasons to come out to the saloon tonight!
Evil Twin Brewing Yang is the Beer Geek Beer!
Boston Bruins game at 7pm
and $8 Surf or Turf Taco plates at 5pm

http://eviltwin.dk/Yang, It's Beer Geek Monday! Tonight's featured beer is Evil Twin Brewing Yang, and Imperial IPA at 10% ABV., Tonight's Italian Sunday Roast is Braciole di Manzo:
Beef roulades stuffed with prosciutto, sopressata and fontina cheese
Italian vegetables
Asparagus mushroom risotto.
5pm until it's gone!, We have brunch from 10am-2pm, Bruins at 7pm tonight and Steak special at 5pm. Come join us!, To the best and most versatile Chef in New England, our Chef Howie, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!, Tonight's BBQ special is:
Baby Back Ribs, Creamy Coleslaw, Mac & Cheese and cornbread.
Going on now!, Look! Boston Magazine is talking about our new Italian food and beer menu this month! Come try it tonight at 5pm!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/05/07/olde-magouns-saloon-rare-italian-craft-beers/, Venetian bar food and rare Italian craft beers on draught is happening tonight!

http://magounssaloon.com/italian-birra-bar-food-wednesdays-in-may-2014/, Bruins play at 7pm, no Trivia so we can focus on the game. See you then!, Cerveza Pacífico and Negra Modelo México promotion kicks off tonight at 7:30pm!, Don't worry #BeerGeeks! We still have something amazing for you. Tonight's Beer Geek beer is Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Opal dry-hopped saison.

http://www.firestonebeer.com/beers/products/opal, Today is a day to celebrate Mexican culture, and we never pass up an opportunity to celebrate!

Check out our special menu below with some veggie options, too.

http://magounssaloon.com/cinco-de-mayo-menu-2014/, Check out our Cinco de Mayo menu for tomorrow! We are also having a beer promo with Pacifico Beer and Negra Modelo México from 7:30-9:30pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/cinco-de-mayo-menu-2014/, Tonight's Sunday Roast!
Traditional Yankee Pot Roast
Carrots Onions Red Bliss Potatoes
Hot Popovers
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Char Grilled 10oz Sirloin Steak
Roasted Vegetables
Cheddar Cheese Mashed Potatoes
Natural Pan Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, We've got a busy day ahead!
Brunch will only be from 10am-12pm today because of the Bruins game.
Speaking of which, Bruins play at 12:30pm today!
Steak Special at 5pm
Kentucky Derby post time is 6:24pm
Here's a handy guide to the horses, but really, is anyone here NOT rooting for Wicked Strong?

http://helloracefans.com/handicapping/2014-kentucky-derby-cheat-sheet/, Today is brought to you by the Letter B!
BBQ Special at 5pm
Beer from a cask at 6pm
Boston Bruins vs Montreal Canadians 7:30pm
Breadettes Fresh Baked Tour arrives at 8:30pm, If you like Wells Banana Bread Beer and Young's Double Chocolate Stout, have you ever had them mixed together? The Breadettes will be on hand tomorrow pouring samples from 8:30-10pm., Things get hop up in here tonight! Spicy Menu on the table and 3 NHL Playoff Game 7s on the TVs!, It's the last night for our Spicy Menu, so if you haven't tried it yet, this is your last chance!

http://magounssaloon.com/heat-hops-wednesdays-in-april-2014/, Come meet the Breadettes from Wells Banana Bread Beer on Thursday from 8:30pm-10pm! They'll be pouring Well's Banana Bread Beer and Young's Double Chocolate Stout!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeDfHZjHQcM, World Wide Stout on draft during our Dogfish Head tap takeover! Going on now! #craftbeer #extremebeer #beerphotos, It's HERE! Dogfish Head Beer Tap Takeover day! 7 of their most special releases all on draught, like World Wide Stout, Sah'tea, Kvasir and Chateau Jiahu!

Plus...$8 Taco Plates!

http://magounssaloon.com/dogfish-head-tap-takeover/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Roast Pork
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Natural Pan Sauce
5pm until it's gone!, This is happening tomorrow! Dogfish Head Beer Tap Takeover! World Wide Stout on draught? Yes please!

http://magounssaloon.com/dogfish-head-tap-takeover/, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Pan seared 10oz Rib Eye Steak
Roasted Asparagus
Crispy Yukon Potatoes
Natural Pan Sauce, Why you need to be here tomorrow morning at 9am with us!, Boston Bruins play today at 3pm! Come grab a seat!, We're opening at 9am tomorrow for the Chelsea Football Club vs Liverpool FC match. Come watch the top 2 clubs in the EPL go at it!, BBQ, Cask Ale and Boston Bruins tonight! Get yourself over here!, Tonight's BBQ Specials is:
New Orleans BBQ Shrimp & Andouille Sausage
Cheesy Grits
Crusty Bread!
from 5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Cask is:
Gritty McDuff's Best Bitter Ale, ABV 5%
This classic English style ale will be amazing on cask.
Goes on the engine at 5pm!, The heat starts at 5pm!, New IPAs (and a Pilsner) on draught today for #IPAMonth
Sierra Nevada Torpedo
Peak Organic Brewing Hop Blanc
Long Trail Brewing IPA
Newburyport Brewing Co. Green Head IPA
Southern Tier Brewing Company 2XIPA
Bad Martha Beer Island IPA
Mayflower Brewing Company Pilsner, No Team Trivia tonight so we can focus on the Boston Bruins game tonight. Go Bruins! 7:30pm start., This is happening next Monday! 7 of Dogfish Head Beer's most limited special releases all on draught! Click the link to see them all!

http://magounssaloon.com/dogfish-head-tap-takeover/, The #BeerGeek Monday Beer tonight is:
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Huge Arker Bourbon Barrel Imperial Stout.

https://avbc.com/our-beers/huge-arker-bourbon-barrel-imperial-stout/, We're opening at 11am today and serving Brunch until 2pm! Good luck to all our awesome customers who are running today!, We open at 5pm today so our staff can enjoy Easter with their families. We hope to see you then!, Just FYI, we will open at 5pm tomorrow. Have a Happy Easter!, Have some brunch with your English Premier League!
Cardiff City vs. Stoke City
Chelsea vs. Sunderland
Served from 10am-2pm

Red Sox vs Orioles 1:35pm

NHL Playoff Games today:
CHI vs STL 3pm
PIT vs CBJ 7pm
COL vs MIN 9:30pm

Steak Special available at 5pm!, Before the puck drops on the Bruins Playoffs, let's bow our heads and say a prayer to the hockey gods.

Image credit to Days of Y'Orr, We have a special Good Friday Menu:
Tequila Lime Shrimp Fajitas $13.95
Seared Ahi Tuna Tacos $11.95
Fish & Chips $12.95
Starts at 5pm!, We open at 11:30am today. That might be early enough to get a good seat for tonight's Bruins Playoff game.

Game starts at 7:30pm!, Tonight's Cask is Peak Organic Brewing IPA. It goes on the engine at 6pm!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Trio of baby back ribs, pulled pork and shrimp skewers
Coleslaw
Dirty rice
Buttermilk biscuit!
It starts at 5pm!, Spicy menu is going strong! Grab a seat for the first games of the NHL Playoffs!
Tampa Bay vs Montreal at 7pm
Anaheim vs Dallas at 10pm, This cold weather (and snow) sucks! So we're bringing the heat tonight starting at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/heat-hops-wednesdays-in-april-2014/, It's a battle of the colored sox tonight at 8pm!
Red Sox vs White Sox in Chicago

Team Trivia kicks off at 8:30pm. No socks required., Our #BeerGeek Monday beer today is: Evil Twin Brewing Ryan and the Beaster Bunny Saison! It taps at 5pm!

http://eviltwin.dk/Ryan-And-The-Beaster-Bunny, Tonight's cask is: Night Shift Taza Stout with spices and aged in bourbon barrels., Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Roasted short rib, herbed polenta, roasted vegetables, mushroom gravy., Tonight's Steak Special is:
Pan seared Cajun rubbed 12oz sirloin topped with salsa verde and sour cream. Served with bacon and Gorgonzola mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables.
5pm until it's gone!, It's a good day for day-drinking!
We have the Masters <cue classical music> all day.
Brunch 10am-2pm
Bruins vs Sabres 12:30pm
Red Sox vs Yankees 1pm
Steak Special at 5pm, Come check out the 2014 Masters Tournament with us! We have 7 different channels of live coverage from Featured Groups to Amen Corner and holes 15 & 16 exclusives., The cask tonight is White Birch Brewing Belgian Pale Ale! It goes on at 6pm! #caskale, BBQ Special today is:
Bacon Wrapped Meat Loaf
Bacon & Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Creamy Coleslaw
Butter Milk Biscuit
starts at 5pm!, Hot Dang! Check out these new beers on draught!
Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor IPA
Dogfish Head Beer Hell Hound on My Ale
Ithaca Beer Co. Hop Bloem Belgian IPA
Samuel Adams James Madison IPA
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Heelch O'Hops DIPA
Great Divide Brewing Co. Hercules DIPA
Stone Brewing Co. Enjoy By 4/20
Wormtown Brewery Tennessee Tat's Imp Stout
Jack's Abby Brewing Mass Rising DIPL, We've got the capsaicin! 10 spicy dishes including a vegetarian option and a dessert! It all starts at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/heat-hops-wednesdays-in-april-2014/, Things are gettin' hot up in here at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/heat-hops-wednesdays-in-april-2014/, Bruins vs Wild tonight at 8pm and Team Trivia at 8:30pm! See you then!, Check out this cool video from Stone Brewing Co.'s president and brewmaster Steve Wagner talking about the Imperial Russian Stout - our #BeerGeekMonday beer!

http://youtu.be/tfbwfBhLlY8, Tonight's #BeerGeekMonday beer is Stone Brewing Co. Imperial Russian Stout. BA said this "This beer shows-off Stone Brewings prowess to take a style and bring it to a greater level than others."

http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/147/1160/, Happy #SessionBeerDay! Kick back and enjoy a Notch Brewing Cerne Pivo with us today!

What is Session beer, you ask? Check out the link below.
http://themanagementshop.com/blog/2013/04/26/what-is-a-session-beer/, Tonight's cask is Harpoon Belgian Pale Ale!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Cider glazed split chicken
Whipped Yukon potatoes
Grilled vegetables
$12 starting at 5pm!, Our best review ever? We think so!, We've got ya covered in the Brunch department from 10am-2pm.
Red Sox vs Brewers at 1:35pm
Sunday Roast 5pm
Fresh Cask on the engine at 5pm, NCAA Final 4 is about to start! Grab a seat quick!
Florida vs UConn 6pm
Wisconsin vs UK 8:30pm, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Teriyaki 10oz Sirloin Steak
Stir Fried Vegetables
Rice with Ginger Butter
5pm until it's gone!, A full lineup today!
Brunch from 10am-2pm
Newcastle U vs Man U 10am
Bruins vs Flyers 1pm
Steak Special at 5pm
Red Sox vs Brewers at 7pm, Happy Opening Day! Game starts at 2pm!

We think it's a "work from home" kinda day.
We also have free WiFi, just putting it out there ;), The Bruins are on at 7:30pm tonight! Grab a seat, some BBQ and a Harpoon IPA dry hopped with citra on cask. Sounds like a good plan to us!, Tonight's Cask is:
Harpoon Brewery IPA Dry Hopped with Citra, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Pulled Pork, Baby Back Ribs, Jerk Shrimp Skewers
Dirty Rice
Creamy Coleslaw
Butter Milk Biscuit
$12 starting at 5pm!, Hot stuff comin' at ya starting at 5pm!
Our Hot Menu features 10 spicy dishes including a veggie option and dessert!, Oh the burn!!! The sweet sweet burn!!!
Runny eyes and noses begin at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/heat-hops-wednesdays-in-april-2014/, Help us Kick-Off IPA month with a Harpoon Brewery IPA tap takeover! We are loading up the taps with 7 different IPAs, including a Chardonnay Barrel Aged Grapefruit IPA. Check out the full list below!

http://magounssaloon.com/harpoon-ipa-tap-takeover/, We're kicking off our IPA month with a Harpoon Tap Takeover tomorrow night! Check out the lineup!

Harpoon IPA
Rich & Dan's Rye IPA
Black IPA
Long Thaw White IPA
Leviathan DIPA
100 Barrel Series Brown IPA
Chardonnay barrel aged grapefruit IPA
Cask of Citra Hopped IPA

It starts at 5pm!, We're having Lunch for dinner!
Maine Beer Co. Lunch is going on draught at 5pm!
#BeerGeekMonday, Tonight's Cask is: Harpoon Celtic Red

Cheers!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow roasted center cut sirloin
Herb polenta
Roasted asparagus
Mushroom gravy.
Just $12 starting at 5pm!, Brunch is underway until 2pm!
Sunday Roast and Cask make an appearance at 5pm!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Pepper Crusted Saloon Steak
Bacon Cheddar Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Veggies
Pan Sauce.
Starts at 5pm until it's gone!, Look what we just set up!! Clear your calendar for Monday, April 28th! Dogfish Head Beer special releases all on draught! #BeerGeekMonday, Elite 8 games kick off today at 6pm. You'll want to grab a table early.
Bruins play a matinee game at 12:30 vs Capitals
We've got brunch until 2pm and our steak special at 5pm!, Tonight's Cask is:
Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Torpedo IPA, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Jerk Chicken, Smoked Sausage & BBQ Boneless Pork Chop
Cheddar Mac & Cheese
Creamy Potato Salad
Corn Bread!
$12 starts at 5pm!, Tragedies like the death of two Boston Firefighters yesterday remind us of the every day bravery that these men and women perform on our behalf. A bravery we often take for granted.

We feel the best way to help at times like this is to support the families of our local firefighters whenever we can. So we are sharing an event going on this Saturday at our sister restaurant Copper House Tavern in Waltham.

Super Hero Fundraiser is a fundraiser that they are doing with the Waltham Fire Department to raise money to help Colt Jackson, a firefighters son who is battling brain cancer.

If you'd like to do something to help local firefighters, we think this is a great way. Also, if you hear of other great opportunities to support our firefighters, feel free to post them in the comments below.

http://copperhousetavern.com/super-hero-fundraiser/, Here's a little sneak-peek at what's happening to our tap lines in April, The Burgers are Going Wild for one last time tonight! Be sure to stop in after 5pm to get some burger lovin'!, Manchester United vs Manchester City today at 3pm!
Just tell your boss you have an appointment with Dr. Suds., Check out the latest video of Chef Howie talking about the Sweet Swine O' Mine burger!

http://www.myradio929.com/burger/#

(burgers are only served on Wednesdays now - kitchen too small to do burgers and roasts on Sundays), It's a great night to go to Magoun's!
$8 Taco Plates
Beer Geek Beer: La Terrible from Unibroue is on draught
Bruins vs Canadians at 7:30pm!, It's Beer Geek Monday! Tonight's beer is: La Terrible from Unibroue
#BeerGeekMonday

http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/22/3635/, Tonight's Roast is: Slow roasted pork loin, sauteed spicy broccoli rabe, garlic roasted Yukon potatoes with bacon onion gravy.

Starts at 5pm!, Here's a sneak peak of our Beer Geek Monday beer
#BeerGeekMonday

http://www.unibroue.com/en/beers/22/product, Grab a seat early! We've got a lot going on today.
NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament: Round of 32 continues all day long today.
Brunch from 10am-2pm
Real Madrid vs Barcelona at 4pm
Sunday Roast starts at 5pm
Wormtown Brewery Be Hoppier goes on cask at 6pm!, We're giving you early notice, tomorrow's cask is Wormtown Brewery's Be Hoppier.

It taps at 6pm Sunday!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Pan Seared 10oz Saloon Steak
Handcut Fries
Petite Salade
Truffle Vinaigrette

Starts at 5pm!, Today is brought to you by the letter "B"!

Brunch from 10am-2pm
Basketball, NCAA round of 32
Beef Steak Special at 5pm
Bruins vs Coyotes 9pm

http://youtu.be/WmVd9F1fW00, What??!! It's Friday already??!!

Happy Friday from Olde Magoun's Saloon!, Tonight's Cask is Mayflower Brewing Company Spring Hop!
It goes on at 6pm!

Cheers!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Trio of chicken, hot links and baby back ribs
Cheddar mac & cheese
Creamy coleslaw
Buttermilk biscuit
Starts at 5pm, just $12 a plate!, It's that time of year when most people start caring about college basketball. Therefore, college basketball will be all over our TVs!

The NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament Round of 64 starts today!
#HappySpring, Burgers are about to Go Wild!

http://magounssaloon.com/burgers-gone-wild-2014/, It's that time of year where we start bugging you to vote for us for stuff.

Vote for us for Best Beer Bar (Draft) for the DigThis 2014 Awards

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/10X0B2OBPUNhI0TjBIChuyc1WDjfFH1hDxYwh7_l07ts/formResponse, Check out a video of Chef Howie talking about tonight's featured burger, The Conquistador Burger! Available tonight at 5pm!

http://www.myradio929.com/burger/#, The 2014 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament officially starts today!
We'll be showing all the games we possibly can. If it's on a channel, we'll be showing it.

Albany vs Mount St. Mary's 6:40pm
NC State vs Xavier 9:10pm, Happy St. Patrick's Day!

We're opening at 11am and serving Irish Breakfast until it's all gone!

Irish boiled dinners will be served all day long (while it lasts).

Ronan Quinn plays live from 4-7pm

And as always, there's never a cover charge!, Good luck to all the runners of the Ras 5K today!

We're only serving Brunch until Noon when Ronan Quinn kicks off 4 hours of music from 12-4.
In lieu of Sunday Roast, we are doing traditional Boiled Bacon and Corned Beef & Cabbage dinners starting at 5pm., Tonight's Steak Special is:
14oz Sirloin Steak
Grilled Vegetables
Blue Cheese Butter
Natural Pan Sauce, Happy PI Day!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Low Country Baby Back Ribs
Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Smoky Beans
Buttermilk Biscuit
From 5pm until it's gone!, We're celebrating St. Patrick's Day all Sunday and Monday with Live Music and traditional dinners!

Ronan Quinn plays Sunday from 12-4pm and Monday from 4-7pm

Traditional Boiled Bacon and Corned Beef & Cabbage dinners served at 5pm on Sunday and all day Monday!, St. Patrick's Day is almost here!

Ronan Quinn will be playing live Sunday from 12-4pm and Monday 4-7pm.

Boiled Bacon and Corned Beef & Cabbage Dinners served both days!, It's almost time for Burgers Gone Wild!!!

http://magounssaloon.com/burgers-gone-wild-2014/, Tonight at 5pm, our Burger's have Gone Wild! We have a crazy menu of burgers and burger inspired dishes that are TOO HOT for FACEBOOK!!! See our website for the full menu!, Check out a video of Chef Howie talking to Jason Rossi from Radio 92.9 about the Tunisian Burger. Have you tried it yet? We have no idea what that metatag text is referring to :)

http://www.myradio929.com/burger/#, Brooklyn Brewery put up a nice blog post about tonight's Beer Geek beer: Hammarby Syndrome

Check it out!
http://brooklynbrewery.com/blog/brewmaster/hammarby-syndrome/, It's Beer Geek Monday! Check out this video from Brooklyn Brewery on tonight's #BeerGeek beer: Hammarby Syndrome

http://vimeo.com/88265784, Check out a little write-up on our Beer Geek Monday beer: Brooklyn Brewmaster's Reserve Hammarby Syndrome.

http://brooklynbrewery.com/brooklyn-beers/brewmasters-reserve/hammarby, Tonight roast 
Ale brined split chicken, Tonight's Local Cask is: Mayflower Brewing Company Porter.

http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/16105/41839/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Ale brined split chicken, buttery whipped potatoes, garlicky spinach and natural pan gravy!
Plates start flying at 5pm!, Let us host your Fantasy Baseball Draft, we'll supply some free appetizers!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Pan Seared 12oz Sirloin
Potato Gratin
Wilted Spinach
Mushroom Thyme Gravy
5pm until it's gone!, Brunch, Steaks and Bruins are all happening today! The fun starts at 10am!, Cool new stuff on draft this week! Highlights include:

Tröegs Brewing Company Nugget Nectar
Julius Echter Hefe-Weissbier Dunkel
Lagunitas Brewing Co Hairy Eyeball
Notch Brewing Cerne Pivo
Harpoon Boston Irish Dry Stout
Maine Beer Co. King Titus
Dark Horse Brewing Co. Too Cream Stout

Full list here: http://magounssaloon.com/menus/draught-beer/, Tonight's BBQ Special:
Bacon wrapped BBQ Meatloaf
Creamy Mashed Potatoes
Smokey Beans
Buttermilk Biscuit
Only $12! From 5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's cask is Abita Beer Spiced Turbodog with New Orlean's Spices added. This is a cask-only offering from Abita brought out especially for Mardi Gras!

"Laissez les bons temps rouler"

http://abita.com/brews/our_brews/turbodog, Yeah for us! Our Mac & Cheese getting some ink!

http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/unique-mac-and-cheeses-greater-boston/fYtk2FRzlf5mmxFnSZPulK/gallery.html?pg=9, Check out Jason Rossi from Radio 92.9 interview Chef Howie about the Poutine Burger!

http://www.myradio929.com/burger/#, We're all about the burgers tonight! Starting at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/burgers-gone-wild-2014/, Happy Fat Tuesday!
We celebrate with Tuesday Team Trivia!
Grab a seat, it starts at 8:30pm!, The Olde Magoun's Saloon March 2014 Newsletter is out!
http://conta.cc/1g5vl9l, Tapping at 5pm today is Harpoon Brewery Czernobog Russian Imperial Stout! #BeerGeekMonday

http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/98/87631/, Here's a sneak peak at tomorrow's Beer Geek Monday beer #BeerGeekMonday

http://www.harpoonbrewery.com/beer/471/czernobog, The local cask tonight is the Jack's Abby Brewing Sunny Ridge Pilsner! This aromatic lager features a sunshine hue, herbal noble hop nose, and a dry finish. We also serve it on draft so this is a great opportunity to try a beer on draft and on cask and note the differences., Tonight's Sunday Roast!
Slow Roasted Short Ribs
Buttery Mashed Potatoes
Seasonal Vegetables
Natural Pan Gravy
$12 starting at 5pm!, Brunch, Roast and Local Cask Ale! It's all going on today at your friendly neighborhood saloon in Magoun!, Our steak special tonight is:
Pan Seared 12oz Sirloin Steak
Vegetable Fricasse
Crispy Potatoes & Onions
Thyme Shallot Jus
5pm until it's gone!, Our Brunch is the Brunchiest! Served from 10am-2pm

Bruins play a matinee at 1pm vs the Capitals
Steak in the Neighborhood: Steakhouse quality steaks start at 5pm, We love when science proves what we already knew. Come in and make yourself happy!

http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/merely-a-taste-of-beer-can-trigger-a-rush-of-chemical-pleasure-in-the-brain-22636861/?no-ist=, The Cask tonight is:
Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor IPA
Cheers!, BBQ Special Tonight is:
BBQ Trio of Spicy BBQ Chicken, Andouille, Pulled Pork
Mac & Cheese
Creamy Cole Slaw
Butter Milk Biscuit
Only $12 and starts at 5pm!, Don't miss the final night of Belgian Fest tonight! We have Belgian beer, Belgian food at 5pm and the return of the Boston Bruins at 7:30pm!, It's the final night of Belgian Fest! The frites start flying at 5pm tonight!

http://magounssaloon.com/belgian-month-wednesdays-in-february-2014/, Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! Because sometimes drinking delicious craft beers isn't challenging enough., Maine Beer Co. Lunch! On draft today for Beer Geek Monday! We also have Surf or Turf tacos at only $8 a plate!
#BeerGeekMonday #taconight, Hey Beer Geeks! Maine Beer Co. Lunch is going on tap today!
#BeerGeek #mainebeer, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Herb Roasted Sliced Beef Sirloin
Winter Vegetables
Roasted Baby Potatoes

$12 goes on at 5pm!, Tonight's Cask is:
Night Shift Brewing Marblehead fermented with Taza Chocolate dark chocolate, vanilla bean and honey

Goes on at 5pm!, We're open for brunch! Get it from 10am-2pm!
Sunday Roast kicks into high gear at 5pm along with a new cask from Night Shift Brewing!

Stay tuned for more details!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Pan seared coffee & chile rubbed 14oz sirloin steak, grilled avocado, pico de gallo, toasted four tortillas and cilantro lime butter.

Starts at 5pm!, We're open for Brunch at 10am today!
We'll also be watching to see if the US can walk away with a men's hockey bronze.

But think of it this way. Whoever wins tomorrow, a Boston Bruin will be coming home with a gold medal! <go Sweden>, Did we mention Maine Lunch will be pouring from our taps on Monday?, If you're going to fake call in sick to work, today's the day to do it!

USA vs Canada Semi-Final today at 12pm! The fight to see who plays for gold! #usahockey #olympichockey, Tonight's Cask is Greene King Abbot Ale, rated "Outstanding" by the Bros. at BeerAdvocate

http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/203/910/, I guess we'll break our trend of BBQing during a snow storm this week. Tonight's Special is:
BBQ Split Chicken
Mac & Cheese
Creamy Cole Slaw
Cornbread
Only $12 starting at 5pm!, USA vs Canada battle right now for the Women's Hockey Gold Medal! Grab a seat and cheer with us!, Beer Geek Monday insider tip: This Monday we're tapping another keg of Maine Beer Co. Lunch. Mark your calendars now!, <SPOILER ALERT>

Great win by the USA today. Next up, Canada! If the US wins, we'll be opening up at 7am on Sunday for the Gold Medal Game!, All this and more can be yours at Belgian Fest tonight! Belgian food and Belgian beer galore! It starts at 5pm!
http://magounssaloon.com/belgian-month-wednesdays-in-february-2014/, Snow schmow! We're open and have Team Trivia at 8:30pm! Come in for some snow beers!, Sorry for the mix-up! The Beer Geek Beer tonight is actually Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Barbapapa.

This full bodied Russian Imperial Stout is super rich and thick and clocks in at a cool 12% ABV. They used a double decoction mash which is sort of like brewing a pot of coffee, then using part of that coffee as the water to brew another pot of coffee and blending them. It creates a really rich and flavorful brew.

Enjoy!, Got the day off today? Come visit us for some brunch! We're serving it until 2pm. The #BrunchHat is on!

Still have to work today? We're saving some Surf or Turf tacos for you and tapping a special Beer Geek Beer tonight at 5pm., Tonight's Local Cask is:
Notch Brewing Černe Pivo!

Check out more about this cool beer at the link below.
http://www.notchsession.com/2011/12/cerne-pivo/, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Pepper Crusted Center Cut Prime Rib
Roasted Vegetables
Whipped Potatoes
Thyme Shallot Jus
Only $12 from 5pm until it's gone!, Grab your #BrunchHat and head on over to Olde Magouns! Brunch is yours for the purchasing from 10am-2pm.

Sunday Roast 5pm
Sunday Cask at 6pm
Sunday-funday all day long!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Steak Frites
Pan Seared 14 oz Rib Eye
Hand Cut French Fries
Natural Pan Sauce
Truffle Vinaigrette
Starts at 5pm!, It's the first round match up everyone is waiting for! Saturday at 7:30am USA vs Russia in Olympic Men's Hockey! We're opening the doors at 7:30am with coffee; beer, Bloody Mary's and food will be ready to go at 8am #teamUSA #olympichockey

See you there!, The cask tonight is Old Speckled Hen USA by Greene King!
It goes on at 6pm!
Cheers!, BBQ Special tonight is:
Trio of bacon wrapped beef loin stuffed with blue cheese, baby back ribs, and pulled pork
Bacon jalapeno mac & cheese
Southern cole slaw
Butter milk biscuit
Just $12 starting at 5pm!, We're opening up at 7:30am on Saturday for the USA vs Russia Olympic Hockey game! Come cheer with us!
Game and Coffee go on at 7:30am
Bar and Food go on at 8am
#OlympicHockey #TeamUSA, We've been on a pretty good streak of having snow on BBQ Thursday. So why stop now?
BBQ Special starts at 5pm
Cask is on at 6pm!, Belgian Fest is starting soon!
At 5pm you can get all of this and more!
http://magounssaloon.com/belgian-month-wednesdays-in-february-2014/, Are you "Working from Home" today? Come in and watch the first round of Olympic Men's Ice Hockey at Noon!
Czech Republic vs Sweden
Latvia vs Switzerland

And a reminder that we are opening at 7:30am on Saturday for USA vs Russia, Belgium invades Olde Magoun's tonight at 5pm! We have lots of Belgian beers on draft and a killer Belgian menu.

Belgian Waffle Sunday? Yes pls!, Winter Olympics and Team Trivia tonight. We're guessing there might be a question or two about the Olympics.
#teamtrivia #winterolympics, Curling starts today! #WinterOlympics, Tonight's Beer Geek Beer is the limited release Brown Shugga' from Lagunitas Brewing Co. Rated as "Outstanding" on Beer Advocate, this American Strong Ale clocks in at a whopping 9.99% ABV. #beergeekmonday #beergeeks, It's Beer Geek Monday! Stay tuned and find out what amazing beer we're tapping today!

We also have Surf or Turf Tacos at 5pm and the Beanpot Final between BC and Northeastern at 7:30pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Cider Glazed Center Cut Pork Loin
Bacon Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Veggies
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Hyper-local cask is the Gold Medal Winning Mass Rising from Jack's Abby Brewing! It goes on at 6pm!, On the Olde Magoun's agenda today:
Brunch! 10am-2pm
Sunday Roast & Local Cask 5pm
Winter Olympics all day long!, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Lone Star Steak - a grilled 14oz Rib Eye
Crispy Onion Rings
Chipotle Butter
Roasted Baby Potatoes
Mixed Vegetables
5pm until it's gone!, The Winter Olympics are under way! We'll be showing as much as we possibly can on all our screens.

MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

USA vs Russia Hockey Game, Saturday February 15 at 7:30am. Yes, we are opening early for this game to watch it LIVE!, Tonight's Cask is:
Ruddles County Bitter from Greene King in England

http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/203/1902/, BBQ Special tonight is:
BBQ Ribs, Pulled Pork and Andouille Sausage
Bacon Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Potato Salad
Corn Bread
Only $12 a plate staring at 5pm!, We know what you're thinking, "After all this snow, I could use some BBQ and Cask Ale!"

We've got ya covered starting at 5pm! Stay tuned for details., Belgian Fest is starting soon! 8 authentic Belgian dishes and 8 Belgian beers on draught to pair them with. Click the link below for details!

http://magounssaloon.com/belgian-month-wednesdays-in-february-2014/, We're open! Time for snow day beers!, We aren't going to let a couple of snow flakes stop us from Belgian Fest Wednesday! We have 8 authentic Belgian dishes along with 8 Belgian beers on draught! So put on your bottes de neige and get here at 5pm for all the goodness!

http://magounssaloon.com/belgian-month-wednesdays-in-february-2014/, Grad a seat quickly to watch the Bruins sucker-punch the Canucks at the TD Garden tonight at 7pm!

Trivia starts at 8:30pm!, Beanpot Tournament Semifinals tonight!
Northeastern vs Harvard now!
BU vs BC 8pm

Enjoy the games with some Racer X and $8 Taco plates!, Tonight's Beer Geek Beer is Bear Republic Brewing Company Racer X, the Double IPA version of Racer 5! Pairs great with our Surf or Turf Tacos! #beergeeks, We have a full day scheduled for you. Come for Brunch and stay all day!

Brunch 10am-2pm
9th Annual Chili Cook-Off 12pm-3pm
1st Annual All You Can Eat BBQ Tailgate Party 5pm-9pm
Go Home! You've been here all day! 12:30am, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Steak au Poivre
Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Red Wine Demi Glace
Available now!, Olde Magoun's Saloon February 2014 Newsletter is out! Didn't get it? Click on this here link! http://conta.cc/LA1FJO, Not convinced yet that you need to be at our 9th Annual Chili Cook-Off this Sunday? Boston Magazine puts us in the Top 5 things to do this Super Bowl Sunday.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/arts-entertainment/blog/2014/01/30/super-bowl-sunday-boston/, BostInno is in the know. They rank us in the Top 12 places in Boston to watch the Super Bowl. With the Chili Cook-Off from 12-3 and the BBQ Tailgate Party from 5-9, you should just plan to stay all day!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/01/30/where-to-watch-the-super-bowl-and-special-deals-in-boston/, Finally the Herald is saying what we already knew for years...Magoun Square rocks!

http://bostonherald.com/business/real_estate/2014/01/they_re_sold_on_magoun_square, The 9th Annual Chili Cook-Off is this Sunday! Got your beans ready? Boston.com says it's one of the Top 8 things to do this Sunday in Boston.

http://www.boston.com/ae/events/2014/01/22/things-boston-instead-watching-the-super-bowl/lt5bCMusCyReju4uGTddtO/story.html?pg=3, Bruins vs Canadians tonight at 7pm!

All credit to Days of Y'Orr for the image, Cask tonight is Greene King IPA.
BBQ is Cajun BBQ Shrimp, Andouille Sausage, Cheesy Grits and Crusty Bread. Cheers!, Thrillist is on board with our Super Bowl plans. Are you?

http://www.thrillist.com/entertainment/boston/things-to-do-this-weekend-february-2, BBQ, Cask Ale and Bruins vs Habs tonight at Olde Magoun's.
Sounds like you need a night out ;), Tonight is the last night of Bacon Palooza! If you haven't gotten your bacon swagger on yet, it's your last chance! Get here by 5pm before all the bacon is gone!!!!!, Panthers vs Bruins tonight at 7pm...the return of Tim Thomas on the Garden Ice!
Team Trivia at 8:30pm
We suggest you grab a seat now!, On Super Bowl Sunday we're opening the kitchen and letting you eat all you want! It's our Super Bowl BBQ Tailgate Party with an all-you-can-eat buffet of things cooked with fire (and some sides)! And it's only $14 per person!

Check out the link below!
http://magounssaloon.com/super-bowl-bbq-party/, $8 a plate Surf or Turf Tacos starts at 5pm!
Beer Geek Monday Beer is Founders Backwoods Bastard barrel aged Scotch ale., Beer Geek Monday! Here's what we're tapping tonight!
Founders Backwoods Bastard, a Scotch ale aged in bourbon barrels

http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/1199/35036/, Mondays at Magoun's were made for Lovers! (of beer and tacos)

Beer Geek Monday - stay tuned for what we're tapping tonight at 5pm
Surf or Turf Tacos - $8 a plate, so good and so cheap!, Tonight's Local Cask is:
Berkshire Brewing Company Cabin Fever, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Sliced Turkey Breast
Glazed Carrots with Stuffing
Whipped Mashed Potatoes
Roasted Local Squash
Cranberry Sauce
Sage Gravy
5pm until it's gone!, OMG! Only 1 week away! Olde Magoun's Saloon Chili Cook-Off is next Sunday and it's limited to only 30 entries! Free to enter and Free to taste!, Get your Sunday in order! Here's what's going on at Olde Magoun's today.

Brunch is going on now until 2pm!
NHL Stadium Series: Rangers vs Devils at 12:30pm
Sunday Roast and Local Cask at 5pm
NFL Pro Bowl at 7:30pm, Tonight's Steak Special is:
Grilled Marinated Sliced Gaucho Steak
Soffritto Rice and Beans
Chimichurri Sauce
Flour Tortillas
5pm until it's gone!, Yep, cuz we love punk rock and supporting Somerville local businesses!, What's going on at Olde Magoun's?
Brunchies!!! 10am-2pm!
Bruins vs Flyers at 1pm
Steak Special at 5pm
Ducks vs Kings outside at Dodger Stadium 9:30pm...yeah this was a good idea, CBS Boston just did a feature on our Chili Cook-off on February 2nd. As a bonus, Chef Howie gave them a recipe for his Texas Chili. Of course, don't use that one for the Cook-off. We'll know!

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/ask-a-boston-chef-superbowl-sunday-chili-cook-off/, Happy Friday! Be like MC Lyte and "Put It On" this weekend!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Spicy Jamaican Jerk Chicken
Coconut Rice and Beans
Stewed veggies
Corn Fritters

This will pair great with the new cask: Greene King Abbot Ale., On cask tonight is the Greene King Abbot Ale. There's nothing like a good English Pale Ale on cask!

http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/203/910/, The 9th Annual Olde Magoun's Saloon Chili Cookoff is coming! Get your slow cookers ready for February 2nd from 12-3pm! Limited to 30 chilis!, When the temperature is in the single digits, we think of BBQ!
Tonight: BBQ Special at 5pm and a new English Cask at 6pm, It's almost Bacon O'Clock! The salted cured pork hits the plate at 5pm!, Team Trivia is a go for tonight. So get your dog sled out of the garage and head on over!

8:30pm Start, Surf or Turf Tacos Tonight! Just $8 a plate!
Beer Geek Monday featured beer is Maine Beer Co. Lunch!
Starts at 5pm, The Beer Geek Monday beer today is Maine Beer Co. Lunch!
Keg gets tapped at 5pm. We don't expect it to last long so get in here quick!, Got the day off? Sweet! Stop in for Brunch today! We're serving it until 2pm.
Then it's Beer Geek Monday and Surf or Turf Tacos., Sunday Roast:
Ale Brined Split Chicken
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Wilted Spinach
Natural Pan Sauce
From 5pm until it's gone!, We hear there are some National Football League matches on today that some people might be interested in. We'll flip through the channels and see if we can find them.
Meanwhile...
BRUNCH! 10am-2pm
Bruins vs Blackhawks 12:30pm
Pats vs Broncos 3pm
SUNDAY ROAST & NEW CASK! 5pm
Celtics vs Magic 6pm
49ers vs Seahawks 6:30pm, Tonight's Steak special is:
Charbroiled 12oz NY Strip Steak
Yukon Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Red Wine Sauce
Starts at 5pm!, Looking for a steakhouse quality steak in Somerville? We've got ya covered! Pop in tonight at 5pm for our "Steak in the Neighborhood" special!, Join us this morning for Brunch and some Premier League soccer!
Brunch 10am-2pm
Arsenal vs Fulham 9:45am (we don't open until 10am though)
Liverpool vs Aston Villa 12:30, Happy Friday!
Here's a picture of Babe Ruth drinking beer with some dead fish., Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Cajun BBQ Shrimp
Andouille Sausage
Over Cheesy Grits
with Crusty Bread
Just $12 starting at 5pm!, Tonight's Cask is:
Old Speckled Hen – 5.2%
Named for a vintage MG car, “Hen” is one of England’s top-selling English beers. Malty toffee flavors from the pale and crystal malts are followed by a dry finish.
Goes on at 6pm!, Bacon Palooza is tonight!
Here is the menu! Read it and weep...for joy!
http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-iv-january-2014/, Yes, this! More info to come!, Oh yes! Bacon Palooza is back and better than ever! Our bacon is 100% Gluten-Free!!!, Boston Bruins are back at home and playing at a reasonable hour again! We'll see you at 7pm for the puck drop as they take on those pesky Maple Leafs.

Team Trivia kicks off at 8:30pm!, We're kicking off Beer Geek Monday with a Harpoon Brewery mini-tap takeover! And no, we aren't doing IPA and UFO. These beers have been pulled out of the cellar just for this occasion. Check out the full lineup!

http://magounssaloon.com/beer-geek-monday-kicks-off-with-harpoon-tap-takeover/, SURF OR TURF TACOS STARTS TONIGHT!, BEER GEEK MONDAYS STARTS TONIGHT!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Boneless Short Rib
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Vegetables
Natural Pan Sauce 

The Cask tonight is:
Harpoon Black IPA Dry Hopped with Chinook, ATTENTION BEER GEEKS! You might want to know about this happening tomorrow.

http://magounssaloon.com/beer-geek-monday-kicks-off-with-harpoon-tap-takeover/, We have brunch until 2pm, NFL playoffs starting at 1pm and Sunday Roast with a fresh cask at 5pm., Tonight's Steak Special is: Grilled  New York Sirloin Steak, Yukon Hold Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus, and Red Wine Demi-glace, Steak and Football tonight at Magouns! It's like the heavens opened and poured a crap-ton of awesome all over this place!
Steak in the Neighborhood Special starts at 5pm
Colts vs Patriots at 8:30pm, Stay classy this weekend!
Here's an awesome cat., Tonight's Cask is:
Greene King Ruddles County– 4.3%
Named for England’s smallest county. An English ale combining flavors of dark toffee and caramel with the crisp bitterness of the rarely-used Bramling Cross hops., OK, if Bacon and Shrimp Pad Thai doesn't get you, check out the full Baconpalooza menu below.
Starts at 5pm tonight!
http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-iv-january-2014/, BREAK OUT THE CUMIN! Our 9th Annual Chili Cookoff is happening Sunday, February 2nd from 12pm-3pm! Limited to 30 participants!
We have great prizes like Bruins & Celtics tickets, Beer Swag and more! Each participant gets a t-shirt, so no one walks away empty handed. Free to enter, Free to taste!, Hellz Ya!
The web site has the full menu!, With a high of 16 degrees, we suggest you do your drinking indoors today. #becausewecare

Team Trivia 8:30pm
Bruins vs Ducks at 10pm, We have 25¢ Wings tonight during the BCS Championship game between Florida State and Auburn. Kickoff is at 8:30!

Beer Geek Monday and Fish Tacos begin next Monday!, The hyper-local cask tonight is Mystic Brewery's Descendent., Tonight' Sunday Roast is:
Split Chicken with
Garlic mashed potatoes
Grilled veggies
Natural pan sauce.
$12 5pm until it is gone!, Tonight's Steak in the Neighborhood Special is:
12 oz. N.Y. Strip
Blue Cheese Butter
Demi Glace
Crispy Delmonico Potato
Sauteed Spinach
 $18, starts at 5pm!, We have salads too, in case you care to challenge this theory., Hockey, College Football and Steak! It's all on the agenda for today.
Jets vs Bruins 1pm
Houston vs Vanderbilt 1pm
Steak in the Neighborhood 5pm, Boston.com is looking forward to this month's Baconpalooza! Are you?
http://www.boston.com/blogs/ae/restaurants/the-restaurant-hub/2014/01/olde-magoun-saloon-somerville.html, Yep, Winter is here!
And we have beer!
We're open regular hours today! Stop in for snow day lunch!, Tonight's Cask is:
Greene King IPA, A classic interpretation of how the world’s original IPAs really tasted, with hop characteristics that are present without being overpowering, We don't know about you, but it looks like perfect BBQ weather to us!
Tonight's BBQ is: Trio of Baby Back Ribs, Chorizo and Pulled Pork,
BBQ Beans, Cole Slaw and Buttermilk Biscuits.
Only $12 for a heapin' plate!, What? Only 10-12 inches of snow? We laugh at you Nor'easter! It'll take more than that to close our doors! We'll even BBQ like it's July 4th and put on a new cask!, Drag yourself out of bed and come shove food in your face! It's the All You Can Eat Hangover Buffet!
10am-4pm with $6 Bloody Mary's from 10am-Noon.
Click below to get your tummy rumbling.
http://magounssaloon.com/new-years-day-hangover-buffet-2014/, Grumpy Cat is hangin' at Magoun's tonight keeping those noisemakers and balloon drops out of here.
We're doing nothing festive until 2am!, Take care of that hangover in style with our All You Can Eat Hangover Buffet! Check out all the details below!

http://magounssaloon.com/new-years-day-hangover-buffet-2014/, NEW YEARS EVE EXTRAVAGANZA!!!
Nothing to see here, please move along.
We're open until 2am., We heard that New Year's Eve is the night to drop the ball, so we did! We've got absolutely nothing planned for New Year's Eve!
No cover
No cheesy band
No lousy DJ
No annoying noisemakers
No silly hats
No stupid songs
No guilt ridden resolutions
No champagne toast
No amateurs
Just another fun night at Olde Magoun's Saloon!, No Monday Night Football means no 25¢ Wings tonight. BUT FEAR NOT! They will make an encore appearance on 1/6 for the BCS Championship game! It will also be the start of our Beer Geek Monday and Surf or Turf Taco Night. So just go ahead and clear that evening right now, m'kay?, Hyper Local Cask tonight is: Jack's Abby Brewing Smoke & Dagger. This black lager uses a small amount of Beechwood smoked malt that adds a slight smokey character. Notes of roasted grain, smoke, coffee and sweet chocolate malt. ABV 5.8%, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Boneless Short Ribs
Herbed Polenta
Vegetable Medley
Natural Pan Sauce
$12 starting at 5pm!, Brunch is on! (until 2pm)
NFL Sunday Ticket is on at 1pm
Patriots at 4:30pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm
Nano-cask also at 5pm
If that's not a full Sunday, we don't know what is!, Tonight's Steak in the Neighborhood is:
Saloon Steak with
Garlic Mashed Potato
Grilled Vegetables
Mushroon Gravy
$15 starting at 5pm!, Today is Brunch with Barclay's Premier League!
Brunch from 10am-2pm
Man City vs Crystal Palace
Cardiff City vs Sunderland
Stay tuned for our Saturday Steak in the Neighborhood steak special, a steakhouse quality steak with all the fixins at a price real people can afford.
Bruins vs Senators 7pm, Happy Friday! Be sure to order the large!, The cask tonight is Snowbound from The Tap in Haverhill. It on the engine now!, It's always perfect weather for BBQ! Check out tonight's special.

BBQ Low Country Ribs
Bacon Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Creamy Coleslaw
Cornbread
$12 starting at 5pm!, Happy #HoliSheas from Olde Magoun's Saloon! We're open now!, No Wednesday Menu tonight, but we are opening at 6pm with a full regular menu. Be sure to thank and tip the staff a whole bunch for working on Christmas day! #thesheashow #christmasspirits, We're kicking you all out at 8pm tonight...in a happy Christmas Eve sort of way. And invite you back in tomorrow at 6pm, because that's how we roll.

Have a MERRY CHRISTMAS!, Tonight's the last night of Monday Night Football, and that means the last night of 25¢ Wings! :( - boooo

But that also means the start of Fish Tacos and Beer Geek Mondays starting on 1/6 :) - yaaayyy!!!, Check out the great review of our little saloon on Hoppy Boston! Thanks so much and we look forward to seeing you back here soon! Maybe when we start Beer Geek Monday on 12/30?

http://hoppyboston.wordpress.com/2013/12/21/old-magouns-saloon-somerville-ma/, Tonight's local cask is:  Mystic Brewing Descendant

Mystic Descendant is a strong dry stout made with molasses and Saison yeast for rustic, tavern ale character.

It is meant to be served at warmer/cellar temperatures as were similar tavern ales in the era before refrigeration. A.B.V. 7.0%, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Roast pork loin wrapped in applewood smoked bacon, white beans with chorizo, roasted veggies.
$12 starting at 5pm until it's gone., We got brunch covered for ya from 10am-2pm today!
NFL Sunday Ticket starts at 1pm
Patriots play at 4:30pm
Sunday Roast and a new local cask go on at 5pm!
Stay tuned for more details later today!, Tonight's Steak in the Neighborhood is:
Steak Frites with hand cut fries, foie gras, natural pan sauce and a truffle vinaigrette
Available NOW!, Your Saturday just got better by reading this!
Brunch 10am-2pm
Premier League Fulham vs Man City 10am
Steak Special 5pm
Sabres vs Bruins rematch 7pm, IT'S FRIDAY!!! <glug glug glug>, Our Christmas Hours in case you need to plan around them:
Christmas Eve we CLOSE at 8pm
Christmas Day we OPEN at 6pm with full kitchen, Bruins Game + Korean BBQ Duck + Affligem Noel = A good night, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Korean BBQ Duck
Sesame String Beans 
Ginger Garlic Cabbage
Steamed Rice
$12 starting at 5pm!, Hold on to your knickers and pointy shoes! Mad Elf is now on draught!, Our BBQ Special tonight is ring-kissingly good! Stay tuned for details.
BBQ Special 5pm
Cask 6pm
Bruins vs Sabres 7pm, Sacre bleu! It's the last night for our French Menu! After shoveling out last night, we think you'll need some buttery, creamy French cuisine goodness., Trivia is cancelled tonight because of the bad weather. Stay safe out there!, Iginla takes on his former team tonight as the Calgary Flames come to Boston. Game starts at 7pm!

Team Trivia at 8:30pm!, Fear not the Sriracha shortage! Here are 7 Sriracha-Laced dishes to try including our Deathwish Burger!
http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/7-sriracha-dishes-to-try-now, Big Monday Night Football game tonight as both Baltimore and Detroit need wins to keep their playoff hopes alive.

And we have 25¢ Wings to boot! Game and wings start at 8:30pm, Hyper-Local Cask tonight is:
Night Shift Brewing Taza Stout!
Stout brewed with chicory root and ginger, aged on cacao nibs from Taza Chocolate and infused with fresh vanilla beans and habenero peppers., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Pecan Crusted Center Cut Pork Loin
Caramelized Apple
Roasted New Potatoes 
Natural Pan Sauce
Just $12, starts at 5pm!, Forgot to get milk, eggs and bread yesterday? Don't sweat it! We'll make the French Toast and even soak it in Jameson for you.

Brunch until 2pm
NFL Sunday Ticket 1pm
Patriots vs Dolphins 1pm
Sunday Roast and Nano Cask at 5pm, Our new Saturday special "Steak in the Neighborhood" starts tonight! Tonight we have:
Saloon Steak with
Baby Carrots and Pearl Onions 
Garlic Mashed Potato 
Mushroom and Shallot Gravy

Available now!, SNOW SCHMOW!!! Samuel Adams Tap Takeover is still going on tonight from 6-8pm! And really, what's a better way to enjoy an Old Fezziwig than while watching the snow come down?, Get some brunch in before the snow hits! If Market Basket was any indication, it will probably be your LAST MEAL EVAH!!!!

10am-2pm Brunchies
Sam Adams Tap Takeover  6-8pm
Bruins vs Canucks 10pm, BBQ Special tonight is:
Mixed Grill of short ribs, sausage and pulled pork
Bacon Mac & Cheese
Creamy Coleslaw
Cornbread
Cask tonight is Sam Samuel Adams Santa's Chimney Ale - a smokey wheat beer, This Saturday is our special Holiday Sam Adams Tap Takeover from 6-8pm! We are even going to make it snow outside so it will be all festive and stuff. Old Fezziwig on tap and Utopias in the house - 'nuf sed

http://magounssaloon.com/samuel-adams-tap-takeover/, Catch today's UEFA Champions League matches right here! Matches start at 2:45PM
AC Milan vs Ajax
Napoli vs Arsenal
Chelsea vs Steaua Bucuresti, Tonight at 5pm we class-up the joint and turn it into a French Bistro! 7 authentic French dishes along with 4 French wines to pair them with! Click below for the full menu!

http://magounssaloon.com/french-wednesday-menu/, Let us help you out of those wet clothes and into a dry Pilsner and some Team Trivia, tonight at 8:30pm!, Join us this Saturday from 7-9pm for a Samuel Adams Tap Takeover! They are bringing tons of delicious beer including a special cask and a bottle of Utopias!, Cowboys vs the Bears tonight in Monday Night Football! And because we know you love to eat wings while watching football, we'll make them only 25¢ during the game!

(go Bears!), Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Boneless Short Rib
Glazed Baby Vegetables
Roasted Mini Potatoes
Savory Herb Broth
Just $12 a plate, 5pm until it's gone!, As if there isn't enough to do on Sunday's at Magoun's, we now feature special cask beers from our local brewers. Tonight is Ginger Infused Hoponius Union from Jack's Abby Brewing.

10-2pm Brunch
1pm Patriots
1pm NFL Sunday Ticket
5pm Sunday Roast
5pm Hyper-local Cask, The Herald is talkin' up our new Sunday Cask program - Super Local Breweries supplying the goods. It kicks off tomorrow with Jack's Abby Brewing Hoponius Union brewed with ginger. Oh Lahdy!

http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/fork_lift/2013/12/firkin_awesome_hyper_local_cask_ales_each_sunday_at_olde, Drink for a good cause!

Jack's Abby Brewing 'Stash Bash is tonight at 8pm and includes a Jack's Abby mini-tap takeover! We'll have Hoponius Union, Lashes, Smoke & Dagger on draught, and Hopstitution (the new pale lager) on cask.

$3 from every Jack's Abby beer will go to Movember!, A full Thursday Lineup tonight!
Bruins vs Habs 7:30pm
Texans vs Jaguars 8pm
BBQ Special at 5pm
Cask goes on at 6pm, The BBQ Special tonight is:
BBQ Chicken
Bacon jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Creamy Cole Slaw
Corn Bread
$12 a plate starting at 5pm!, The Cask tonight is the debut release of Jack's Abby Brewing's new Extra Pale Lager called Hopstition! Be the first to taste it tonight at 6pm!, Tomorrow is the Jack's Abby Brewing 'Stash Bash! We're extending Movember 1 extra week and donating proceeds from Jack's Abby beer sales. Drink for a good cause!

http://magounssaloon.com/jacks-abby-stash-bash/, Oui oui! Bonjour! Où est la bibliothèque?
If you understood all that, you speak more French than us! Luckily, Chef Howie worked in several great Parisian restaurants and knows French cuisine like no other. Come in tonight and try our authentic French Wednesday Menu starting at 5pm! Full menu below:

http://magounssaloon.com/french-wednesday-menu/, Only 2 days until our Jack's Abby Brewing 'Stach Bash! Join us and the good people at Jack's Abby Brewing for a mini tap-takeover! For every pint of Jack's Abby purchased, $3 will be donated to Movember! It's OK if you've already shaved. Details below

http://magounssaloon.com/jacks-abby-stash-bash/, Assert your dominance in trivial matters tonight at 8:30pm at Team Trivia Tuesday!, Olde Magoun's Saloon December 2013 Newsletter is out, people! If you didn't get it, click on this here link! Lots of stuff is happening this month! http://conta.cc/1cWmYMW, Saints and Seahawks battle it out tonight for supremacy of the NFC at 8:30pm. And if that's not enough to get you excited, we'll add some 25¢ buffalo wings to the mix., 'Stash Bash with Jack's Abby Brewing is this Friday from 8-10:30pm! $3 from every Jack's Abby pint will be donated to Movember., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Center Cut Pork Loin
Stuffed with Cornbread & Autumn Fruits
Braised Collard Greens
Roasted Herb Potatoes
Apple Cider Reduction
$12 from 5pm until it's gone!, NFL Sunday Ticket at 1pm and we're serving brunch until 2pm today. Stay tuned for the Sunday Roast at 5pm!, We've got Thanksgiving Eggrolls tonight as an appetizer special. $8.50 for 2 giant eggrolls! It's like Thanksgiving dinner all rolled up and deep fried. YUM!, HURRY!! There's still time to get in on these hot Brunch deals, like White Bean Huevos Rancheros, Jameson Soaked French Toast and the Irish Breakfast!

10am - 2pm ONLY!!! HURRY!!! NOW!!! OMGDONTMISSTHISTHING!!!! ARRRGGGGLLLLHH!!!!, Skip shopping today and pop in for a few beers! It's totally less stressful...and there's beer., Specials tonight!
BBQ SPECIAL:
BBQ Cajun Shrimp & Chorizo Over Cheesy Grits for $12

Thanksgiving Eggroll, Turkey Stuffing & Cranberry, Roasted Turkey & Sage Gravy for $8

We open at 6pm, We will be open today at 6pm! Cheers and have a wonderful Thanksgiving!, REMINDER! We are open regular hours tonight and will have our Mac & Cheese Menu available at 5pm.

Thanksgiving: We open at 6pm, Is your tummy in shape for tomorrow? Get it in starch and dairy stuffing condition tonight with our Mac & Cheese special menu!
It starts at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/mac-attack-wednesday-menu/, We often forget the "reason for the season" so tonight, let us reflect on giving thanks while drinking and answering trivia questions.
Team Trivia starts at 8:30pm
Drinking starts whenever you get here., Tonight's Monday Night Football game may not be as exciting as last night's Pats game, so we'll throw in some cheap buffalo wings (25¢ each) and a Bruins hockey game to make it better. How's that?, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Pepper Crusted Prime Rib
Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes
Autumn Vegetables
Yorkshire Pudding
Natural Pan Sauce
Only $12, 5pm until it's gone!, Big men in stretchy pants with be hitting each other on our TVs at 1pm today! Pats take the screens at 8:30pm!

CFL Grey Cup is on at 6pm, It's almost time for Brunch with Barclay's Premier League!
Brunch from 10am-2pm
10am: Arsenal vs Southampton
12:30pm: West Ham United vs Chelsea, Olde Magoun's Saloon 10K is December 5th through the mean (but nice) streets of Somerville! Mark your calendars!, Is it time yet?, Maine Beer Co. MO is now on draught. Hurry, it won't last long!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
BBQ Split Chicken, Bacon Cheddar Mac & Cheese, Collard Greens and Corn Bread
Just $12 a plate starting at 5pm!, Bruins, BBQ and Cask Ale
It all starts at 5pm tonight!, Tonight's Cask is Sierra Nevada Narwhal Imperial Stout. At 10.2% ABV, this cask ale will warm you up on this cold evening., Don't forget to set your fantasy football lineup before Thursday Night Football!

Saints vs Falcons at 8:30pm
Plus Bruins vs Blues, BBQ and a new Cask Ale, What goes better together than pasta and dairy? OK bacon...and we've got that too! Check out our Mac & Cheese menu staring tonight at 5pm! (defibrillator not included)

http://magounssaloon.com/mac-attack-wednesday-menu/, null, ...or in queso emergency, head to Olde Magoun's Saloon tonight for our special Mac & Cheese Menu! It starts at 5pm!, Another Boston sports double-header tonight with the Bruins at 7:30pm and Celtics at 8pm.

Not enough fun for ya? OK, we'll add Team Trivia at 8:30pm, how's that?, Don't stay at home tonight with your 1 kind of beer in the fridge and 1 TV to watch 2 games on. Come to Magouns!

We have 28 beers on draught and TVs all over the place to watch both the Bruins and the Patriots tonight. PLUS 25¢ Wings during the Pats game!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Ale Brined Roasted Split Chicken
Mashed Yukon Potatoes
Fricasseed Autumn Vegetables
Natural Pan Sauce
Just $12 from 5pm until it's gone!, Your Sunday isn't complete without a stop in to Magouns!

Brunch 10am-2pm
NFL Sunday Ticket 1pm
Sunday Roast 5pm, You hungry? We've got the brunchies!

Brunch 10am-2pm

College Football all day
Celtics vs Timberwolves 8pm, It's Friday! You know what to do., Some of our new beers on draught:
Ayinger Celebrator Doppelbock
Troeg's Javahead Oatmeal Stout
La Chouffe
Wormtown Be Hoppy
Anderson Valley Winter Solstice
Konig Ludwig Hefeweizen
Mayflower Porter, The cask tonight is Harpoon Oktoberfest. Yep, a lager on the beer engine! It goes on at 6pm!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
Kansas Style Slow Smoke Baby Back Ribs
Mac & Cheese
Collard Greens
Only $12 starting at 6pm!, TONIGHT: Bruins, BBQ and Cask Ale!

It all starts at 5pm, game starts at 7pm, Chef Howie's got ya covered with the Thanksgiving leftovers. Check out these yummy recipes that put those leftovers to good use.

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/ask-a-boston-chef-recipes-to-transform-thanksgiving-leftovers/, More of this please! The Caprese Sandwich Mac & Cheese!

Check out this and the rest of our Mac Attack Menu tonight at 5pm!
Click the link for the full menu: http://magounssaloon.com/mac-attack-wednesday-menu/, Our new Fall menu starts tonight! It's a good night for Fireside Dip, Roasted Tomatoe Bisque and Bacon Wrapped Turkey Meatloaf!

See all the new additions on our site:

http://magounssaloon.com/, Time to put your drinking caps on! Team Trivia tonight at 8:30!, Yep, pretty much this.

We certainly don't say it enough and probably take it for granted far too often: THANK YOU to all the veterans out there for your service., Got the day off from work or just "calling in sick"? Pop on into Olde Magoun's for some brunch! We're serving it from 11am-2pm today and of course our usual 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow Roasted Boneless Short Rib
Polenta with Fresh Herbs
Mushroom Gravy

Only $12, now until it's gone!, We've got Brunch with Barclay's Premier League from 10am-2pm!
Manchester United vs Arsenal at 11am
NFL Sunday Ticket at 1pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm

That should fill out your day nicely!, Pop in for some Brunch with Barclay's Premier League!
Today's fixtures are:
Chelsea vs West Brom 10am
Norwich City vs West Ham United 12:30pm, It's International Stout Day! Come in tonight and celebrate with a Guinness!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
BBQ Split Chicken
Cheddar Mac & Cheese with Tomato Cucumber Salad

$12 starting at 5pm!, On cask tonight at 6pm is Shipyard's Old Thumper ESB. This beer was created by the founder of the Ringwood Brewery in Hampsire England but it's brewed exclusively at Shipyard., Oh yes, you'll be wanting some of this tonight: The Roasted Pumpkin Mac & Cheese on our Mac Attack menu. Starts at 5pm!, Tonight is the first night of Mac Attack! a mac & cheese inspired Wednesday menu with 6 different mac & cheese dishes. Check out the full menu below!

http://magounssaloon.com/mac-attack-wednesday-menu/, Bantam Cider Wunderkind is now on draught! Love the local ciders!, Hey Alexander Anthony W., if you lost your passport, we have it here at the bar., In the old days they used to close the bars on election day. Thank goodness those days are gone! Don't forget to vote!

Dallas Stars vs Boston Bruins 7pm
Team Trivia 8:30pm, Looking for some cheap eats? We've got 25¢ Wings tonight during Monday Night Football! It's Bears vs Packers, one of the greatest rivalries in the NFL!

Special starts at kickoff, We don't normally post political stuff here but we feel it's important to tell you today that we fully endorse Courtney O'Keefe, Ward 5 Alderman as our Alderman in tomorrow's election.

When we think about the kind of person we want representing us in government, we want someone who's first words are "How can I help?" Courtney O'Keefe has been a long-time supporter of Somerville, it's residents and businesses. No one we know has more passion for this city or more desire to see it improve. Her first thoughts are always about what's best for this city, especially this neighborhood, and what she can do to help make it better.

As a small local business in Magoun Square, we appreciate that Courtney O'Keefe knows the value of a strong local economy. She is a huge supporter of all the businesses here, whether they are brand new or have been here for years. All you have to do is walk around this ward and ask a local business owner if they know Courtney O'Keefe, and chances are they will have nothing but great things to say about her. She is always willing to help us out, promote our events and do whatever she can to help our businesses grow. We can say with confidence that Magoun Square would not be where it is today and have the bright future that it has going forward if it wasn't for the support and passion of Courtney O'Keefe.

Many of us that work here can't vote for her because we don't live in Ward 5, and that makes us sad. But we can encourage you to vote for her tomorrow, November 5th., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Herb Crusted Prime Rib
Mashed New Potatoes
Roasted Local Squash with Bacon & Crispy Sage
Natural Pan Sauce

Only $12 from 5pm until it's gone. And it's prime rib so you can bet it will be gone fast!, You got your 1 extra hour of sleep, so get out of bed already and head over for Brunch at Magoun's! We're serving it from 10am-2pm.

NFL Sunday ticket starts at 1pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm

Cheers!, It's almost time for Brunch with Barclay's Premier League! Join us at 10am for brunch and watch today's matches!

10:45am - Fulham vs Man U
1:30pm - Arsenal vs Liverpool, Don't get stuck in the 3.2 million people going to the Red Sox parade today, watch it all with a cold beer in the comfort of our bar! Parade starts at 10am!, WTF is up with this weather!? 70 degrees on November 1st?! We don't know whether to grab our parkas or bermudas on the way out the door! In any case, we have some nice pilsners and wheat beers on draught if you are looking for a nice summer beer. <sigh>, Our BBQ Special tonight is: Cajun BBQ Shrimp & Andouille Sausage, Cheese Grits and Crusty Bread
$12 for a massive plate! Starts at 5pm until they're gone!, The Cask Ale tonight is Tap Brewing Company's Pumpkin Eater. It's an awesome pumpkin ale brewed with local roasted sugar pumpkins. It goes on at 6pm!, Bruins, BBQ and Cask Ale tonight! Shake that World Series hangover with some hockey, smoked meat and real ale!, Red Sox, Bruins, Celtics and the last night of our Oktoberfest menu all going on tonight.

Need I say more?, Warsteiner promotion tonight from 6pm until game time. Come in early and sample some excellent German beer!, It's the last night for our Oktoberfest Menu! It won't be back until next September, so fill up tonight at 5pm. We recommend one of each plate., Zagat Blog is previewing our upcoming Wednesday Menu in November. <spoiler alert>

http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/olde-magouns-saloon-launches-mac-n-cheese-menu, We New Englanders are busy people and don't have time to watch sports every day of the week, so we like to bunch them all up into one night!

Celtics Season Opener vs Raptors 7pm
Bruins vs Penguins 8pm
Red Sox Game 6 at 8pm

Thank goodness we've got lots of TVs!, Don't know what to do between Red Sox games? Come check out Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!, Monday Night Football and Red Sox tonight! We also have 25¢ Wings starting at kickoff of the football game!, Tonight's Roast is:
Sauerbraten
Pretzel Spatzel
Cider Glazed Cabbage
Now until it's gone!, Grab your seats now for another great night of local sports!

Devils vs Bruins 7pm
Red Sox vs Cardinals 8pm, Tonight at 8pm we'll be showing the new Lifetime Original movie: The Husband She Met Online, a riveting tale of a successful business woman who meets a man online, but he's NOT the man he appears to be.

JUST KIDDING!!!!! We show all the sports staring at 7pm!!! Bruins vs Devils and Game 3 of the World Series, Check out our coverage in Zagat Boston! They mention our Trailer Park burger as one of the Top 9 creative burgers in Boston! And we got the sexy cover shot, too!

http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/9-creative-burgers-in-boston, Wake up with our Brunch with Barclay's Premier League 10am-2pm. Lots of tasty food, Bloody Mary's and great soccer action!

Today's Matches are: Man U vs Stoke City 10am, Southampton vs Fulham at 12:30pm, OK people. You have one day off from cheering for Boston sports and then we get back at it on Saturday. In the meantime, we have some cool new beers on draught and an awesome cask of Session Ale from Notch Brewing that aren't going to drink themselves. So just light practice today of cheering for some college football or Mexican league soccer or something and then I expect 110% effort from all of you tomorrow, OK?, Our BBQ Special tonight is:
Cajun BBQ Shrimp & Andouille Sausage
Cheese Grits 
Crusty Bread
$12 starts at 5pm until they're gone!, Going on cask tonight at 6pm, Notch Brewing Session Ale. This is a great low ABV ale, perfect for those 4 hour long baseball games., That was fun yesterday: Bruins, Red Sox and Oktoberfest goodness. HEY! Let's do it again tonight, except we'll swap out Oktoberfest for BBQ and throw in a cask ale!!
BBQ Special at 5pm
New Local Cask Ale goes on at 6pm
Sharks vs Bruins 7pm
Red Sox World Series Game 2 8pm, Wouldn't it be amazing if the Red Sox were in the World Series, the Bruins played the Buffalo Sabres and Olde Magoun's had an Oktoberfest Menu filled with tasty German goodness and Oktoberfest beers on draught?

Dreams do come true! <sniffle>, With no Red Sox or Bruins games tonight, whatcha gonna do? Grab some friends and join us for Team Trivia Tuesday! You'll be glad that you know the lyrics to every 80s TV theme song., We've got a couple of sorry and sad teams playing Monday Night Football tonight. So to cheer you up, we're dropping our Buffalo Wing price tonight to just 10¢ a wing! Special starts at kickoff!, Pats are on at 1pm today, hang around after the game for our German Sunday Roast at 5pm!
Mustard crust pork loin
Pretzel spaetzle
Braised spinach
Natural pan sauce.
Only $12 while they last!, You know the drill:
Brunch until 2pm
NFL Sunday Ticket
Sunday Roast at 5pm, Best get your bum in a seat here pronto, the Bruins game starts at 7pm and the Red Sox start at 8pm., Come visit us at the Somerville Local First Harvest Fest! We'll be serving a super secret surprise mini dish! We'll give you a hint, it starts with "meat" and ends with "loaf".

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/local-first-events/harvest-fest/, Join us this morning for Brunch with Barclay's Premier League from 10am-2pm!

Today's matches are:
10am Man U vs Southampton
12:30pm West Ham U vs Man City, Yep!, The Local Cask tonight is Harpoon UFO Pumpkin
Goes on at 6pm, Tonight's BBQ is: Jamaican Jerk Split Chicken, Coconut Rice & Beans, Sautéed Greens and Johnny Cakes

$12 starts at 5pm, get it before it's all gone!, Lots going on at Olde Magoun's tonight! In reverse chronological order:
Tigers vs Red Sox in Game 5 at 8pm
Panthers vs Bruins 7pm - otherwise known as Rask vs Tim Thomas
A new Cask Ale at 6pm
BBQ Special at 5pm, Oktoberfest might be over in Germany, but we keep the liters pouring here until the end of the month! Just us tonight for authentic German fare and Oktoberfest beers on draught!, You look like you're not feeling well. Do you have a fever? Maybe you should leave work early and head to Olde Magouns for the Red Sox game at 4pm. We prescribe a cold beer and some nachos., We have Red Sox AND Trivia tonight, so here's how it will work:
Red Sox start at 4pm
Trivia will start at 8:30pm or if the Sox game goes long, immediately following the Sox game., CHEAP WINGS! We got 'em!

25¢ Buffalo Wings during Monday Night Football tonight!, Got the day off? Join us for brunch/lunch and catch the Bruins game with us. Puck drops at 1pm!, With amazing come from behind wins last night by the Pats and the Sox, you'll be needing to get your brunch on in a serious way!

We've got ya covered! Brunch is served from 11am-2pm today!, Tonight's German Sunday Roast is:
Beer Brined Split Chicken, German Fried Potatoes with Bacon and Onions, Sweet & Sour Cabbage

Only $12, now until it's gone!, It's not really Sunday, it's like Saturday Part 2!

Brunch 10am-2pm
NFL Sunday Ticket 1pm
Saints vs Patriots 4:30pm
Sunday Roast 5pm
Tigers vs Sox Game 2 8pm, No Premier League this weekend, but we still have brunch from 10am-2pm.

Bruins 2pm
Red Sox 8pm
College Football, um...looks like all day long :), Go beards! 8:00 start tonight!

http://youtu.be/x5dDOJaadSs, Coming up at 6:30, US vs Jamaica in World Cup Qualifying!, Happening now: Germany vs Ireland World Cup Qualifier! Get out of work and get down here!, Sure! Or a beer, either one would be cool.

Glad to see the playoff beard tradition is finally crossing over to baseball :)

We've got all the ALCS action on the big ole TVs!, Our Backyard BBQ Special tonight is:
Country Style Beef Ribs
Jalapeno Bacon Mac & Cheese
Corn Bread
Just $12 a plate, 5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Cask is: Rapscallion Honey, an extra pale ale brewed with local wildflower honey. 4.5% ABV goes on cask at 6pm!, Big TV night in the Wide World of Sports, be sure to grab a seat early!

MLB: Game 5 between the Tigers and A's 8pm
NHL: Avalanche vs Bruins 7pm
NFL: Giants vs Bears 8:30pm, This happening tonight at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, Can't get enough Oktoberfest? We bring you more tonight with our authentic Oktoberfest Menu and an Ayinger Promotion! Menu starts at 5pm, promo starts at 7pm., Busy night tonight! We've got Team Trivia AND Red Sox vs Rays in a crucial Game 4...both starting at 8:30pm! Come for the Trivia, stay for the baseball!, Pop in tonight and watch the NY Jets take on the Atlanta Falcons on Monday Night Football! To make things even more exciting, we have 25¢ Buffalo Wings!!! (deal starts at kickoff), A HUGE thanks to everyone for coming out this weekend to our Oktoberfest Biergarten! It was a lot of work but we had a blast! And an even bigger thanks to those that braved the wind and rain on Sunday! We look forward to seeing you all again soon! Prost!, Tonight's German Sunday Roast is a crowd favorite: Schweinshaxe!
It's a roast pork shank served with whole wheat spaetzel and cider glazed cabbage.

$12 starting at 5pm!, A few clouds don't scare us! The Oktoberfest Biergarten continues today from Noon until 6pm!, Guten tag! We're ready to serve you some bier! Gates are open!, IT'S HERE!!!! The truck-o-Paulaner-beer is setting up, tents going up, tables being set, sausage is grilling, kraut is sauering, pretzels are twisting. It's almost time for Oktoberfest Biergarten! Gate opens at 12pm!!!

Weather Underground sez: mostly cloudy today but no rain, Want to come to the Oktoberfest Biergarten on Sunday, but don't want to miss the Pats game? Don't worry, you can do both! We'll be broadcasting the game LIVE OUTDOORS!!! How cool is that?, Nice write-up on our Biergarten this weekend on Metro Boston today.

http://www.metro.us/boston/events/oktoberfest-at-paulaner-biergarten, Sneak out of work early and head over to watch Game 1 of the Sox vs the Rays at 3pm with us!, ONE...MORE...DAY!!!

Olde Magoun's Saloon Oktoberfest Biergarten is this Saturday and Sunday, 12pm-6pm!, Tonight's BBQ Special is:
New Orleans BBQ Shrimp
Andouille Sausage
Cheese Grits
Crusty Bread

Will pair nicely with our cask ale: Tap Brewing Company's GestAlt German brown ale.

Only $12, 5pm until it's gone!, Welcome back Bruins!, On Cask tonight is Tap Brewing Company's GestAlt. This German brown ale is exceptionally smooth with delicate flavors and great balance and delicious maltiness that will pair very well with tonight's BBQ.

This beer is only brewed for casks and draft at the brewery. You won't find it anywhere else! So don't miss out!, ONLY 2 DAYS AWAY!!!
OKTOBERFEST BIERGARTEN Oct. 5-6 from 12-6pm. No Cover!

Click the link for all the info!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-biergarten-2013/, A sign that hockey season is almost here! Who's ready for tomorrow night?

Cartoon by Mike Spicer, We have Ayinger in the haus tonight promoting their fantastic Oktoberfest Marzen. Be sure to stop in around 7pm for some samples and maybe even walk away with some swag!, Get your schnitzel on tonight with our Oktoberfest Menu! Lots of delicious and authentic German dishes to pair with your Oktoberfest beers! Starts tonight at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, Oktoberfest: Where firing a crossbow after 10 liters of beer is never a bad idea.

Join us tonight for our special Oktoberfest menu and Ayinger Beer Promotion! *no crossbows allowed*, Did something shut down today? I don't know but you probably do. 'Cuz you rock at Team Trivia! Come show off your mad question answering skillz tonight at 8:30pm!, Tonight, the Miami Dolphins take on the New Orleans Saints. To celebrate this historic moment all Buffalo Wings will be 25¢ each! Starts at kickoff!, Check out our new recyclable, compostable takeout containers! Now you can order out with a clear conscious!, Tonight's Traditional German Roast is Sauerbraten: sweet & sour marinated roast pork, cider glazed cabbage, potato dumplings.

Only $12, 5pm until it's gone!, We've got your Sunday covered with the NFL Sunday Ticket, Brunch until 2pm and a traditional Oktoberfest Roast at 5pm. Grab a seat and stay all day!, It's time for Brunch with Barclay's Premier League! Brunch is served from 10am-2pm.

Matches today:
Aston Villa vs. Manchester City
Swansea City vs. Arsenal, COUNTDOWN TO PAULANER OKTOBERFEST BIERGARTEN: 1 WEEK!

Oktober 5 & 6, 12-6pm, 6 Paulaner beers on draught from 8 taps fixed on the side of a truck. Grilled Oktoberfest eats and No Cover! Just guten Zeiten!, COUNTDOWN TO PAULANER OKTOBERFEST BIERGARTEN: 8 DAYS!

Oktober 5 & 6, 12-6pm NO COVER!, Tonight's BBQ Special is: Boneless Short Ribs, Jalapeno Mac & Cheese, Grilled Native Corn on the Cob and Cornbread.

$12 now until it's gone!, On cask today is Tap Brewing Company's Leather Lips IPA. This beer is hopped with tons of Nugget and Chinook hops and then dry-hopped with whole cone Centennial. At 5% ABV, it's a beer hopheads can return to several times. On cask at 6pm!, null, ONLY 10 DAYS AWAY!!!

Paulaner Oktoberfest Biergarten, October 5-6, 12pm-6pm in the CVS Parking Lot! FREE ADMISSION!, Grab your lederhosen and dirndl and come in tonight for our Authentic Oktoberfest Menu and a Weihenstephan Promotion. Menu starts at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, A helpful pronunciation guide for tonight's Weihenstephan Promotion. Just throw a "sh" at the beginning of "stephan"., Sausages, schnitzel, spatzle and Weihenstephan Promotion tonight starting at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-beer-promotions/, After killing your brain cells all weekend, get them back in shape with Team Trivia Tuesday! Workout begins at 8:30pm!, Your Daily Motivation: Just remember, you're only 1 day away from more spaetzle!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, Stop in tonight for a good sports night plus 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football!

Monday Night Football: Raiders vs Broncos
NHL Pre-Season: Bruins vs Capitals, Do you find yourself saying, "I love me some buffalo wings, but dang they are expensive!" Then we have the solution for you! Turn over that couch, scoop up the change and come in tonight for 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football!, Today's German Sunday Roast is:
Roast Game Hen with cabbage, applewood smoked bacon stuffing and crispy herbed spaetzle.

Only $12 starting at 5pm., With thunderstorms in the forecast, you'll want to stay inside today...in a bar...watching NFL Sunday Ticket...eating brunch until 2pm...with 9 Oktoberfest beers on draught...and Traditional German Sunday Roast at 5pm.

Now if only we knew of such a place?!, TAP THAT KEG!!! Today is the official start of Oktoberfest in Munich! We have 9 German Oktoberfest beers on draught to help you celebrate! What's your favorite Oktoberfest bier?, It's Brunch with Barclay's Premier League!
Today's match is Liverpool vs Southampton at 10am
Brunch is served from 10am - 2pm

Blue Jays vs Red Sox at 7pm
College Football pretty much all day long!, Only 1 more day until the official start of Oktoberfest in Munich! Who's drinking some Oktoberfest beers this weekend?, The $12 BBQ Special tonight is:
BBQ Bacon wrapped meatloaf
Cheddar mac & cheese
Creamy cole slaw.

Should pair great with a Mayflower Brewing Company IPA on cask!
Available at 5pm!, Tonight's Cask Ale is Mayflower Brewing Company's IPA. It's incredibly balanced with lots of hops and a good malt backbone. Can't wait to drink this on cask! It goes on at 6pm!, It's a Trio of Awesome tonight with Thursday Night Football, BBQ Special and tapping a new Cask Ale!

Tonight's game is the Chiefs vs Eagles at 8:30pm!, We have Würzburger Hofbräu in the Haus tonight sampling their delicious Festbier from 7pm-9pm! Also, they are doing a drawing for four $25 Gift Certificates to Olde Magoun's! Drawings will be every 30 minutes so don't be late!, Happy #NationalCheeseburgerDay ! What's your favorite Olde Magoun's burger?

http://magounssaloon.com/menus/burgers/, It's Wednesday and that means it's Oktoberfest Night at Olde Magoun's Saloon! We have Wurzburger Hofbrau in the haus for a promo and a great Oktoberfest Menu! And of course, lots of Oktoberfest and Fall beers on draught. Check it out in the link below!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, It's gettin' chilly out there! Good thing we have fresh hot trivia questions for you tonight with Team Trivia Tuesday!

Starts at 8:30pm!, Our Oktoberfest Biergarten is only 3 weeks away! Did we mention it's Free Admission?

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-biergarten-2013/, WINGS!!!!! They're only 25¢ during Monday Night Football! Order them right after kickoff!

Steelers vs Bengals, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Mustard encrusted pork loin, cider glazed cabbage, medley of baby potatoes with bacon and onions

$12 starts at 5pm!, We have Brunch until 2pm!
NFL Sunday Ticket!
Sunday Roast at 5pm!
Red Sox vs Yankees at 8pm!

Why are you still sitting there reading this?! Come in now!, Wake up today with Brunch at Magouns and some English Premier League! We serve Brunch from 10am-2pm.
10am: Sunderland vs Arsenal
12:30: Everton vs Chelsea
1pm: Yankees vs Red Sox
Lots of College Football, Got plans for Saturday October 5th and Sunday October 6th? Now you do! It's our 2-Day Oktoberfest Biergarten!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-biergarten-2013/, Lots of new beers on Draught! We've added 9 German Oktoberfests, 3 pumpkin beers, 2 Autumn seasonals and even a pumpkin cider! Check out the full list at the link below!

http://magounssaloon.com/menus/draught-beer/, Happy Friday...the 13th!!!, Tonight we have:
$12 BBQ Special
Cask Ale - BBC Steel Rail
Jets vs Pats on the TV screens
Not too shabby, eh?, Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Mixed Grill of Jerk Chicken, Baby Back Ribs, Pulled Pork
Mac & Cheese
Smoked Beans
5pm Until It's Gone!, On cask tonight we have Berkshire Brewing Company's Steel Rail Extra Pale Ale. It's a rare opportunity to try this on cask and on draught to see the difference! Goes on tonight at 6pm!, Thursdays = BBQ Special, Cask ale and NFL football! Join us tonight for the Pats game and order yourself up a plate of BBQ and a pint of local cask ale.

Game starts at 8:30pm, It's Wednesday! That means Oktoberfest Menu and Oktoberfest Beer promo! Tonight we feature Hofbrau!

Check out the link for our full promo schedule!
http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-beer-promotions/, It's Oktoberfest at Olde Magouns! Food, beer, more food and more beer! We have Hofbrau in the Haus and an authentic German Menu starting at 5pm. Check it out below!

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, Finally you can put all that useless knowledge to good use! Tonight is Team Trivia Tuesday! Grab some friends and make a team. Questions start flying at 8:30pm., Whaddup at Magoun's tonight? I know you're wondering.

Team Trivia Tuesday at 8:30pm
Red Sox vs Rays 7:00pm
US vs Mexico World Cup Qualifier 8pm

If anyone knows if the Brazil vs Portugal game at Gillette is going to be televised, let us know. We can't find it listed on any channel., It's the first night of 25¢ Wings during Monday Night Football, and the NFL decided you need more wings, so they are putting on a double-header. Offer starts at kickoff!

Eagles vs Redskins 6:55pm
Texans vs Chargers 10:20pm, Tonight begins the Season of 25¢ Wings! Offer starts at kickoff!, Our Traditional German Sunday Roast Tonight is:
Sauerbraten
Cider Glazed Cabbage
Spätzle
From 5pm until it's gone!, It's ON! The first NFL Sunday! We'll have all the screens going today with the NFL Sunday Ticket.

Start off with some Brunch served from 10am-2pm
Pats vs Bills 1pm
Sox vs Yankees 1pm
US Open Women's Final: Williams vs Azarenka 4:30pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm
Eagles vs Redskins 7pm
Texans vs Chargers 10pm
Time to go home, you've been here all day!, Tomorrow is the first NFL football Sunday and we're bustin' out the NFL Sunday Ticket! That means every game will be on our screens...LIVE! with BEER!, Our Brunch Specials are BACK! Today and tomorrow starting at 10am!

Saloon Steak & Eggs: steak, 2 fried eggs, home fries and country toast
Mugga Sandwich: fried egg, bacon, cheddar cheese, sausage patty on English muffin with fries
Rising Sun Pizza: fried eggs, jack cheese and bacon
Southern Benedict: poached eggs, pulled pork, charred jalapenos, Hollandaise sauce on English muffin, side of hash, What are your plans for the weekend? Here's ours!, BBQ Tonight is: Mixed Grill of Chicken, Baby Back Ribs and Pulled Pork served with Mac & Cheese, Local Corn on the Cob and Cornbread. From 5pm until it's gone!, On cask tonight is Heavy Seas Loose Cannon IPA. It's a super drinkable IPA with lots of hops and very well balanced.

Goes on the engine at 6pm, It's the first game of the NFL Season and the first Thursday Night Game! Join us for some football, BBQ and cask ale!

Ravens vs. Broncos 8:30pm, Tonight we begin our traditional Oktoberfest Wednesday Menu! It includes classics like the Haus Wurst Plate, Obatzda, Jagerschnizel and more! Check out the full menu at the link below.

http://magounssaloon.com/oktoberfest-2013-wednesday-menu/, It's the most wonderful time of the year: OKTOBERFEST!!!! Help us kick it off tonight with the Traditional Keg Tapping Ceremony! We're tapping a keg of Paulaner Oktoberfest Wiesn, the same beer served in the tent in Munich, and launching our 2-month long Oktoberfest Wednesday Menu., It's Triple T night! Team Trivia Tuesday! Get some friends together (or play as a team of 1) and answer some questions while enjoying our delicious craft beers! The fun starts at 8:30pm, Kick-Off Oktoberfest with us tomorrow with our traditional Oktoberfest Keg Tapping Ceremony! We tap a keg of Paulaner Oktoberfest Weisn and feature the first night of our Oktoberfest menu! Don't miss this great event!, THIS DAY IN FISH TACO HISTORY: Sept. 2, 31 B.C. The Battle of Actium
Rome was in civil war after the assassination of Julius Caesar with Octavian on one side and Antony and Cleopatra on the other. The Battle of Actium was a decisive naval victory for Octavian forcing Antony and Cleopatra to flee back to Egypt. While Antony and Cleopatra never succeeded at gaining the Roman throne their love for fish tacos has become one of the greatest love stories in history.

Today, with sadness, we bring you the final night of Fish Tacos for the season at 5pm, and remember the story of Antony and Cleopatra and their legendary love of Mexican street food., Happy Labor Day! Enjoy your day off! We're open regular hours today so why not stop in for lunch?, Kick back tonight with our Sunday Roast: Roast chicken with maple ginger glaze, local corn on the cob, baked potato medley, natural pan sauce. $12, 5pm until it's gone!, Mmmm, burger and beer. If you're been moving today, you'll need some of this. Our hearts go out to you! #movingsucks, We've got some Brunch Specials today! Check 'em out! 10am-2pm

Saloon Steak & Eggs: steak, 2 fried eggs, home fries and country toast
Mugga Sandwich: fried egg, bacon, cheddar cheese, sausage patty on English muffin with fries
Rising Sun Pizza: fried eggs, jack cheese and bacon
Southern Benedict: poached eggs, pulled pork, charred jalapenos, Hollandaise sauce on English muffin, side of hash, Happy International Bacon Day! Celebrate with our BLT sandwich or one of our other sandwiches or burgers with bacon on them.

http://magounssaloon.com/menus/signature-sandwiches/
, Start your Labor Day Weekend off right with some brunch and a Bloody Mary! We serve brunch from 10am-2pm along with a giant helping of football, both English and College and Round 3 Coverage of the U.S. Open!

10am: Cardiff City vs Everton
12pm: Buffalo vs Ohio State
12:30: Crystal Palace vs Sunderland
1pm: Rice vs Texan A&M
5:30: Alabama vs Virginia Tech
7pm: Georgia vs Clemson, This Labor Day Weekend we take the time to thank all the hard working people who make drinking our favorite beers possible, from the brewers to the distributors to the bartenders and waitstaff, we thank you! Cheers!, On cask tonight we have Wormtown Brewery's Be Hoppy IPA. This is a hoppy West Coast style IPA of epic proportions and scores a perfect 100 on BeerAdvocate. We're excited to try this on cask with tonight's BBQ special., Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Texas Beef Ribs
Mac & Cheese with Cured Jalapenos & Bacon
Creamy Coleslaw

Starts at 5pm!, Summer is coming to an end and so is our Summer Seafood Madness Menu! Tonight is your last chance to get your hands on our Lobster Roll <wait, that sounds dirty>.

Lobster Roll grabbing starts at 5pm!, We've got good news and bad news.
BAD NEWS: It's the last night for Seafood Madness before we begin our Oktoberfest menu.
GOOD NEWS: It's the last night for Seafood Madness before we begin our Oktoberfest menu!

http://magounssaloon.com/seafood-madness-wednesdays-in-august/, We love this Square too, especially our awesome neighbors!

http://cambrivilleconnects.wordpress.com/2013/08/27/around-the-block-magoun-square/, Tonight from 6pm-8pm we are hosting the Fundraiser for Courtney O'Keefe, Ward 5 Alderman! $50 suggested donation gets you an open bar for 2 hours and some mighty tasty treats. Yes, I said OPEN BAR! Get those checkbooks warmed up!, Team Trivia is tonight at 8:30pm! I think there might be a category called "Former Child Stars in Latex Underwear"., Join us this Wednesday for a fundraiser for Courtney O'Keefe, Ward 5 Alderman! A suggested donation of $50-$100 gets you access to an open bar and some free eats! Come and meet Courtney O'Keefe and find out why we support her as our Alderman!, THIS DAY IN FISH TACO HISTORY: The Battle of Crecy

During the Hundred Years War, King Edward III's English army, fueled by fresh fish tacos with traditional sides, annihilates a French force under King Philip VI at the Battle of Crecy in Normandy. The battle is regarded as one of the most decisive in history.

Today we commemorate this great victory with $8 Fish Taco Plates starting at 5pm., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Prime Rib with Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Veggies and Natural Pan Sauce. Only $12 starting at 5pm!, Happy Sunday! Make some time today for craft beer and good food!
Lots going on today:
Brunch 10am-2pm
Sunday Roast 5pm

Sports:
Tottenham Hotspurs vs Swansea City 10:30am
Red Sox vs Dodgers 8pm
Saints vs Texans 4pm
Vikings vs 49ers 8pm, Good Morning! Are you ready for Brunch this morning? We are serving it from 10am-2pm and will have both kinds of football on the TVs, plus some Sox inter-league play.

BPL: 10am Southampton vs Sunderland, 12:30pm Aston Villa vs Liverpool
MLB: 4pm Red Sox vs Dodgers
NFL Pre-Season: 4:30 Bills vs Redskins, 8pm Rams vs Broncos, 10pm Chargers vs Cardinals

Cheers!, Oktoberfest Keg Tapping is coming Wednesday, September 4th! Clear your calendar, folks!, Just a reminder that 25¢ Wings are coming soon! September 9th is the first Monday Night Football and the start of 25¢ Wings during MNF!, Today's Cask is: The Tap Brewing Co.'s Commuter Ale: a Kolsch style ale. ABV 4.7%

From their description: "Low on ABV, big on flavor. Malty and bready but still light and crisp for easy drinking, any season. Traditionally a classic German style, we’ve added a touch more hops than usual to give it a little extra punch. Great to share with friends. Also great to not share with friends.", Critters fly out of the ocean and on to your plate (with some cooking in between) tonight starting at 5pm! It's Seafood Madnessssssss!

http://magounssaloon.com/seafood-madness-wednesdays-in-august/, null, We're big fans of Courtney O'Keefe, Ward 5 Alderman. Such big fans in fact that we're hosting a fundraiser for her campaign on Wednesday August 28th from 6-8pm with an open bar and hors d'oeuvres. Suggested donation is $50-$100., Our Women's Softball Team won the Championship going 19-1!!!! Commence the singing of "We are the champions..."

Huge congratulations to each and every member of the team!, 4 out of 5 Otolaryngologists agree that not shouting out trivia answers during Tuesday Team Trivia is a good way to avoid sinus infections.

Say "NO" to sinus infections tonight at 8:30pm!, This Day in Fish Taco History:

In 1812, the USS Constitution defeated the British frigate Guerrière off the coast of Nova Scotia. Witnesses claimed the British shots bounced off the sides of the Constitution, giving it the nickname "Old Ironsides". Commander Isaac Hull later attributed their victory to a healthy lunch of Fish Tacos, which gave the crew the energy to out maneuver the enemy vessel.

We salute Commander Hull and "Old Ironsides" today with $8 Fish Taco plates starting at 5pm., Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Jamaican Jerk Pork Loin drizzled with Hot Sauce served with Smoked Potato Hash and Roasted Vegetables. $12 from 5pm until it's gone!, Join us this morning for Brunch with Barclays Premier League! We have some Brunch Specials like Saloon Steak & Eggs and Southern Benedict.

11am Chelsea vs Hull City, Kick off the start of the English Premier League season with us and some brunch! Both start at 10am!

10am Arsenal v Aston Villa
12:30pm Swansea City v Man U, Today's Breakfast Specials! Yeah, we got Breakfast Specials now!

Saloon Steak & Eggs: steak, 2 fried eggs, home fries with country toast
Mugga Sandwich: fried egg, bacon, cheddar cheese, sausage patty on English muffin with fries
Rising Sun Pizza: fried eggs, jack cheese and bacon
Southern Benedict: poached eggs, pulled pork, charred jalapenos, Hollandaise sauce atop English muffin and served with hash, Fantasy Football Drafts are happening soon! Hold your draft at Olde Magoun's and we'll kick in the Free WiFi and some Apps. Call us to reserve a table., Some important words of advice for the kids this weekend from your bartender pal, E.T.

(yes this was an actual ad), CORRECTION! The Cask tonight is the Peak Organic Nut Brown Ale, a very smooth English-style brown ale that will pair really well with tonight's BBQ special., $12 BBQ Special Tonight:
Boneless Short Ribs
Mac & Cheese with Pickled Jalapenos and Bacon
Creamy Coleslaw
Cornbread
5pm until it's gone! Goes well with NFL Football tonight!, Cask Ale tonight: Peak Organic Pomegranate Wheat: a refreshing, yet intricate ale brewed with locally grown organic wheat, organic coriander and a touch of organic Pomegranate and Acai juice. Not as sweet as many fruit beers, the Pomegranate Wheat has a soft, round mouthfeel from the local, un-malted wheat. The spice from the coriander and the subtle sweetness from the Pomegranate and Açai are a perfect complement.

Goes on at 6pm, Tonight! BBQ, Football and Cask Ale!

NFL Games Tonight: Carolina vs Philly 7:30pm, San Diego vs Chicago 8pm

Cask Ale: Peak Organic Pomegranate Wheat, goes on at 6pm

BBQ: Boneless short ribs, Mac & Cheese with pickled jalapenos & bacon, Creamy Coleslaw and Cornbread, $12 a plate!, NEW BEERS ON DRAUGHT!
Mayflower Autumn Wheat
Brooklyn Brown
Mad River Jamaica Red
Cottrell Old Yankee Ale
Uinta Hop Notch IPA
Anchor Steam
Cambridge Brewing Co. Hay is for Horses (read more about this unique beer here: http://cambridgebrewing.com/beer/description/hay-is-for-horses/), He would have been happier if he ordered a Tiki Cocktail from Olde Magoun's Saloon.

Tiki Cocktails, tonight starting at 5pm!, Seafood Madness is tonight! We have Crab Arepa's, BBQ Cajun Shrimp with Andouille Sausage, Lobster Rolls and more! All made with super fresh seafood right of the S.S. Olde Magouns.

Check out the full menu: http://magounssaloon.com/seafood-madness-wednesdays-in-august/, 4 out of 5 optometrists agree that writing down trivia answers in a dark bar is good exercise for your eyes.

Come work out those eyes tonight at 8:30pm with Team Trivia Tuesday!, This Day in Fish Taco History: The bones of tyrannosaurus rex Sue were found in South Dakota in 1990. It's a little known "fact" that a lack of fish tacos contributed to the extinction of the dinosaurs.

Luckily we have $8 Fish Taco plates tonight at 5pm. Don't become extinct! Eat more fish tacos!, Is your Fantasy Football Draft coming up? Why not hold it at Olde Magoun's? We'll supply the Free WiFi and appetizers! Call us to reserve a table., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Cornish Game Hen
Sausage & Sage Stuffing
Baby Carrots
Natural Pan Sauce
Only $12, 5pm until it's gone!, NFL Football is BACK! Well, Pre-Season football is back and that's mostly like NFL Football. Come watch guys try to make the team with us today!

Brunch from 10am until 2pm
Bills vs Colts 1:30pm
Red Sox at 2pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm, It's Saturday at Olde Magoun's! We've got Brunch until 2pm and the Red Sox at 7pm. Come in and say hello!, Your weekly PSA!, Tonights BBQ Special is BBQ shrimp with chorizo, cheese grits and crusty bread. $12 from 5pm until it's gone!, Going on cask tonight at 6pm: Shipyard Monkey Fist IPA, come get some, Did someone say Tikki Cocktails?

We did! Tonight at 5pm!, Seafood Madness begins tonight at 5pm! We have Fried Ipswich Clam Sliders, Moules Frites, Seafood Enchiladas, Lobster Rolls and more all made with seafood literally right off the boat (we know a guy).

Plus, TIKKI COCKTAILS! It all starts at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/seafood-madness-wednesdays-in-august/, 4 out of 5 dentists recommend drinking beer while answering pop-culture questions. Do your mouth some good tonight at 8:30 with Team Trivia Tuesday., New on Draught: Jack's Abby Hoponius Union

This beer is hopped like an IPA but finishes dry like a lager. A must-have for serious hopheads., On this day in history, William Wallace was captured in 1305 by the English. A little known "fact" was that he loved fish tacos.

We honor him today with $8 Fish Taco plates starting at 5pm., Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Roast pork shank with spinach egg noodles, roasted vegetables and a mustard cream sauce.

Just $12 starting at 5pm!, Shake off those free beers from DigBoston yesterday with a nice hearty brunch! We're serving it from 10am-2pm. And of course, Sunday Roast starts at 5pm.

Diamondback vs Red Sox at 1:35pm, NEW ON DRAUGHT: STIEGL PILS
A crisp and clean German Pilsener from Austria with aromatic Noble hops, slight bitterness and a dry finish. ABV 4.9%, Just FYI, the free beers today apply to only the beers we have on draught. No bottles, sorry!

It's free, so why not try a craft beer instead of that Bud Lite? #nothingtolose, IT'S FREE BEER DAY! Our friends at DigBoston are buying your first 2 beers all day today! Be sure to thank them by supporting their work and those who sponsor them.

Tip your servers well! Because while the beer is free, the service isn't and they are working their a**es off for you today., FREE BEER DAY! Tomorrow our friends at DigBoston are buying your first 2 beers all day long! Be sure to thank them, buy their newspaper and visit their site.

And don't forget to tip your servers! They are working their butts off to bring you those free beers., BBQ tonight is a whopper! Jerk Chicken, Baby Back Ribs, Texas Beef Ribs, Mac & Cheese, Coleslaw and Cornbread. All for just $12 starting at 5pm!, The cask tonight is Field Guide Saison from The Tap Brewing Co. in Haverhill.

From their site: Brewed in the style of traditional farmhouse ales from the French speaking portion of Belgium. Fermentation occurs at a scorching 87 degrees (20 degrees higher than most ales) allowing the yeast to impart complex, spice-like flavors and aromas. Not a single spice is added to this brew; it’s all about fermentation. ABV 6.8%, Happy IPA Day! Stop in today and celebrate with one of our 4 IPAs on draught!

Green Flash West Coast IPA
Harpoon IPA
Lagunitas IPA
21st Amendment Brew Free or Die IPA
#IPADay, It's the last night for Indian Fusion, the deliciousness begins at 5pm

http://magounssaloon.com/indian-fusion-wednesdays-in-july/, We now have Newburyport Brewing Co's Plum Island White on draught! It's delicious! And yes, it comes in the cool can shaped glass., It's your last chance to vote for Chef Howie! Click that link and cast some votes!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, Come join us for Team Trivia Tuesday tonight at 8:30pm! Now with 75% more Real Trivia Flavor®!, Just 2 days left to vote for Chef Howie for Best Chef in Somerville! Vote...vote like the wind!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, Because there are Mondays we bring you $8 Fish Taco Plates. The healing begins at 5pm., Only a couple days left to vote for Chef Howie! You can vote once per day!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is: Red wine braised short ribs, Herb polenta and Grilled Italian vegetables.

Starts at 5pm and lasts until they are all gone!, One week from today is FREE BEER DAY! Next Saturday, your first 2 beers are free courtesy of DigBoston!!!

And remember, while your beers may be free, your service isn't, so don't forget to tip your servers., Only a few days left to vote for Chef Howie! Click on the link below!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, It may be gray outside, but inside we are full of sunshine! Let our sunny staff cheer you up today...with beer!, Tonight's BBQ is BBQ Pork meatloaf wrapped in bacon, Mac & Cheese with charred jalapenos, smoked beans, and cornbread. $12 for a honking big plate!, On the cask today is Heavy Seas Powder Monkey Pale Ale. It goes on at 6pm

http://www.hsbeer.com/beer/powder-monkey/#, This is your morning reminder to Vote for Chef Howie!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, Indian Fusion menu starts tonight at 5pm! Check out all the cool (and spicy) dishes by clicking that link!

http://magounssaloon.com/indian-fusion-wednesdays-in-july/, You've enjoyed his food, now show him some love. Only 1 week left to vote for Chef Howie! Go click on those buttons for him!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, Science says that smart people drink more. We already knew that. Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!

http://now.msn.com/smarter-people-drink-more-study-says, New Beers!
Green Flash Citra Session IPA
Cambridge Brewing Co. Hefeweizen, It's the best deal in town! $8 fish taco plates with rice and beans and pickled vegetables. Get them pan fried, crispy fried, grilled or blackened. Starting at 5pm., We have the TVs glued to #royalbabywatch. We recommend a Fullers London Pride while watching royal births., Today is going to be a beautiful day...for Fish Tacos! $8 plates starting at 5pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Garlic and Rosemary Pork Tenderloin, Smoked Potato Hash, Sauteed Vegetables and Natural Pan Sauce. $12 starting at 5 pm., We have cold beer, spicy Bloody Mary's and delicious brunch! Enjoy all three while watching multichannel coverage of the final round of the British Open.

Sunday Roast is at 5pm., NEW COLD BEERS ON DRAUGHT!
Allagash White
Anderson Valley Summer Solstice, We have A/C, cold beer, brunch until 2pm, British Open Golf multichannel coverage, Tour de France and cold beer. Oh and did I mention cold beer?, In this excessive heat we recommend staying indoors, watching sports and having beer served to you by our wonderful staff. Stay frosty!, Hurra bier, indeed! Happy Friday!

We've got British Open, Tour de France and Red Sox all weekend long. Come say hello!, BBQ Special today is: BBQ split chicken, Mac & cheese with bacon and jalapeno, creamy coleslaw and cornbread. Only $12 for a massive plate, 5pm until it's gone!, Ever wonder what the difference is between cask ale and regular draught beer? Tonight, you can see for yourself. We will have Mayflower Golden Ale on cask AND we have it on draught as well. Try them side by side and let us know which you liked better!, We are your British Open headquarters this weekend with multi-screen coverage of all the action. Don't miss a single missed putt!, Tour de France Alpe d'Huez stage for your lunchtime entertainment. Doesn't look any more difficult than biking up Lowell Street ;), Cultures from hot climates eat a lot of spicy food. They're totally on to something. Come beat the heat tonight with our spicy Indian Fusion menu at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/indian-fusion-wednesdays-in-july/, Tour de France and a Downeast Cider going well together. Oh, and lots of A/C too., Team Trivia Tonight at 8:30pm! Be there and/or be square., Check out our special sandwich for Eater Boston's Greasy Spoon Week. It's available for noms all week!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/07/15/not-yo-mamas-meatloaf-at-olde-magouns-saloon.php, $8 Fish Taco plates, man...nuthin' beats that! Tonight at 5pm!

Home Run Derby at 8pm, What's better than Mondays and 91 degrees with 87% humidity? Pretty much everything. Thankfully we have $8 Fish Taco plates, cold beer and A/C., Our Sunday Roast is Roasted split seasoned chicken, spinach w/ ginger, garlic whipped new potatoes and natural pan sauce. Just $12, 5pm until it's gone!, Brunch until 2pm + beer + Bloody Mary's - waiting in line = Awesome!, Happy Friday! We love beer...oh and you too of course., Can't decide what beer to order? We recommend the Ayinger Jahrundert Bier. It's rare in the US and even more rare on draught. Order one today before it's gone!, On Cask tonight: Mayflower Golden Ale
Crisp and dry with a subtle hop spice, super drinkable especially in this kind of weather. 4.5% ABV, Tonight's BBQ has an Asian flare: Korean BBQ glazed duck, stir fried sesame spinach and aromatic rice. All for just $12 starting at 5pm., There's nothing like 87% humidity to make you feel like you're in the South. Do it up right with our BBQ Special and a pint of cask ale tonight.

Tour de France Stage 12
Red Sox vs Mariners 3:40pm, Our Deathwish Burger made the Zagat 8 Must-Try New Burgers Around Boston! Have you tried it yet?

http://blog.zagat.com/2013/07/8-must-try-new-burgers-around-boston.html, Check out tonight's Indian Fusion Wednesday menu! Chef Howie created some amazing dishes like Chorizo Samosa: a grilled turnover with chorizo, Oaxaca cheese and scallion served with tomato chutney.

See the full menu here: http://magounssaloon.com/indian-fusion-wednesdays-in-july/, Have you voted for Chef Howie yet for Best Chef in Somerville? You can vote once a day! Just check out tonight's Indian Fusion menu if you need any convincing.

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, We don't argue with facts! Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm., This is your daily reminder to vote for Chef Howie for Best Chef in Somerville! If you've come in for a Wednesday menu, you know his skill and versatility is amazing.

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, $8 Fish Taco Plates starting at 5pm. I really don't have to say more, these things sell themselves. #delicious #fishtacos, Be sure to vote for Chef Howie as Best Chef in the Scout Somerville awards!

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, New on Draught:
AYINGER JAHRUNDERT BIER ABV 5.5%
A  Dortmunder lager, medium body very smooth light malt flavor. You almost never see this beer on draught in the US, so get some while you can!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Roast pork loin, garlic mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach and natural pan sauce. 5pm until it's gone!, Olde Magoun's Saloon: Where the elite beat the heat with fermented malty treats.

We've got brunch from 10am-2pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm
Sporting Events on the TVs include: Wimbledon Men's Final, Tour de France Stage 9, and Sox vs Angels at 8pm, Nuts to this heat! Our A/C is blasting at full strength! Come in for Brunch served until 2pm and catch some Tour de France mountain climbing action.

Red Sox vs Angels 10pm, Just put on the beer engine, The Tap Commuter Ale Style Kolsch. Low in ABV, big on flavor., A nice article on the booming Maine beer scene. We're lucky to be beer lovers in New England!

http://digboston.com/boston-beer-brewing/2013/07/honest-pint-portland-revisited/, Happy Independence Day! Go enjoy it with your family and friends and some American craft beer. We are closed today anyways, so you have no excuse!, If you come by tomorrow, we'll be closed. So make it count tonight!, Nothing cools you off like a cold craft beer and a curry. So for this month's Wednesday Menu, we bring you Indian Fusion! It starts at 5pm! Check out the full menu below.

http://magounssaloon.com/indian-fusion-wednesdays-in-july/, Just a reminder that we'll be closed tomorrow so our employees can celebrate Independence Day with their friends and family. We'll be open again regular hours on Friday. Happy 4th!, Polish off those unused brain cells and put them to good use tonight. Tuesday Team Trivia starts at 8:30pm!

Padres vs Red Sox 7pm (weather permitting), Did I mention $8 Fish Taco plates today at 5pm? I'm pretty sure I did., I love watching the Tour de France. It's like 3 hours of beautiful and relaxing French scenery followed by 30 seconds of top fuel drag racing on bikes. OK, it's a lot more than that, so come watch all the action of Stage 3 through Corsica's West Coast with us!

Plus, $8 Fish Tacos at 5pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Boneless Short Ribs
Cheese Grits
Grilled Vegetables
Country Gravy
Only $12 a plate, 5pm until it's gone!, Figuring out your Sunday plans? Here's what we have on tap:
Brunch 10am-2pm
Confed Cup 3rd place game: Italy vs Uruguay 11:45am
Confed Cup Final: Brazil vs Spain 5:30pm
Sunday Roast 5pm until it's gone, BBQ Split Chicken, no skimping on portions here! Only $12 a plate!, Looks like we might squeeze in the fireworks if the rain holds off. In any case, we'll still have BBQ and Cask ale!

BBQ is Split Chicken with jalapeno bacon mac & cheese, coleslaw and cornbread.

Cask is BBC Lost Sailor IPA, Since it's feeling like the Spanish coast outside, complete the experience with some Tapas tonight from our special menu! It begins at 5pm!, Don't forget, we're your pre-Fireworks headquarters on Thursday! We'll have BBQ, Cask Ale and A/C!

The fireworks start at 9:15pm and Broadway closes at 5pm., Get your mind off recent events by making it remember trivial facts. Team Trivia starts at 8:30pm tonight., It's time to bring this photo back. "Hold the line!"

All credit to Days of Y'Orr for the awesome image., Fish tacos have been shown to reduce stress and anxiety. Take your medicine tonight before Game 6.

*Claims about fish tacos have not been evaluated by the FDA, Tonight, we all live in Tuukksbury!, 9 out of 10 doctors agree that eating fish tacos helps the Bruins win hockey games. Thank goodness we have $8 Fish Taco plates tonight!

Fish Tacos begin at 5pm
Bruins win begins at 8pm, Tonight's Traditional Sunday Roast is: Roast pork loin, mashed potatoes, grilled vegetables and country gravy. 5pm until it's gone!, Come in this morning for Brunch from 10am-2pm. We have fresh, delicious eggs!

Not those in the picture! They'd be 84 years old! Gross!, It's hot out there! Cool yourself off with one of our summer beers

http://magounssaloon.com/menus/draught-beer/, Join us for brunch/lunch and the Bruins at 8pm!, Sorry, no Beer Fact Friday today. So instead I leave you with a picture of Eddie's awesome tattoo.

If you have any requests for a Beer Fact Friday, feel free to leave them in the comments. Happy Friday!, On Cask Tonight: Mayflower Brewing Summer Rye
The ale pours at 6pm, come get some!, Backyard BBQ $12 Special tonight is:
Chipotle BBQ Skewered Shrimp
Mac & Cheese with Bacon & Jalapeno
Creamy Coleslaw
Cornbread
Starts at 5pm!, NEW ON DRAUGHT TODAY!
Radeberger Pilsner
Lagunitas IPA
Brooklyn Pilsner, Tonight is Bruins vs Blackhawks and Spanish Tapas night! We mash it all together like a giant paella for your entertainment pleasure.

Tapas menu starts at 5pm!, The New Summer Menu Highlight today is the return of our famous Tuna Melt! Chunk white meat tuna, melted Swiss cheese on grilled marble rye. For a couple bucks more we'll put some bacon on it., New Beers on Draught!

21st AMENDMENT WATERMELON WHEAT ABV 4.9
brewed with real watermelon crisp dry refreshing

SIERRA NEVADA SUMMERFEST ABV 5.0%
golden dry and incredibly drinkable Czech style pilsner

MAYFLOWER SUMMER RYE ALE ABV 3.8%
dry and spicy with mild and fruity bitterness

HIGH & MIGHTY PAS DE DIEUX ABV 4.5%
saison/farmhouse ale refreshing easy drinking, Got nothing to do until the next Bruins game? Grab some friends (or strangers, we don't judge) and join us for Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!

Rays v Red Sox 1pm
NBA Finals, Spurs vs Heat 9pm, Our new summer menu starts tonight! Check out our new Sliders! We have Short Rib, Hot Dog and Pulled Pork Sliders!, Bruins are going to bring it tonight in Game 3 on home ice! Puck drops at 8pm. We're bringing it tonight too with fresh house-made Fish Taco plates at only $8 each. Tacos drop at 5pm.

Confed Cup Tahiti vs Nigeria 2:30pm, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Slow roasted lemon garlic split chicken. Fricaseed veggies. Fries w/ truffle aioli.
5pm until its gone!, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there!
Bring him in for a beer today, he'll like it way more than that tie you got him. We have brunch from 10am-2pm and Sunday Roast at 5pm.

U.S. Open Final Round Multi-Channel Coverage 12pm
Red Sox vs Orioles 1:30pm
Confed Cup Mexico vs Italy 2:30pm, Spain vs Uruguay 5:30pm
Heat vs Spurs 8pm, It's a beautiful day today...for drinking beer and watching sports!
Brunch from 10am-2pm
U.S. Open: DirecTV multi-channel golf package
Confederations Cup, Brazil v Japan: 2:30pm
Red Sox v Orioles: 4pm
Bruuuuuinnnnss: 8pm, This weekend, we're your US Open headquarters with special coverage on 4 different channels following featured groups and the 2 toughest holes on the course, 11 and 18., IT'S BEER FACT FRIDAY! STANLEY CUP EDITION

Boston and Chicago have a lot in common. They’re both great sports towns, they are both cities along a major body of water, and they both have great craft beer scenes. But how do these two great cities (and the states they reside in) match up beer-wise?

Largest Brewery: Boston Beer Company, the makers of Sam Adams, is the largest craft beer brewer in the United States producing 2,125,000 barrels in 2012. Harpoon is the next largest at 193,000. In Chicago, Goose Island is the largest brewery producing about 230,000 barrels last year but most people won’t count them as a craft brewer since their purchase by AB-Inbev in 2011. But Lagunitas is opening a new brewery there soon that could rival Goose Island in production.

Number of Breweries: Illinois tops Massachusetts in this category with 67 breweries to Massachusetts’ 47. And the Chicago area looks like it could add another 30 or so breweries in 2013 which could push it into the top 10.

Capita per Brewery: Massachusetts beats Illinois in this one with 1 craft brewery for every  139,311 people to Illinois’ 188,686. Pretty close numbers considering how much larger Chicago is than Boston.

Unfortunately, we don’t get the opportunity to try many beers from the Chicago area here on the East Coast. But if you get a chance to travel there, be sure to taste the local flavor. For it is good. Until then, I recommend one of the 12 great MA beers we have on tap for Game 2 refreshment.

Go Bruins!, A little rain won't stop us from BBQing! Check out tonight's $12 BBQ Special!
BBQ Split Chicken
Mac & Cheese with Bacon and Jalapeno
Coleslaw
Cornbread
5pm until it's gone!, Tonight's Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Finals! And what goes better with hockey than Spanish Tapas? Nothing! That's what! So we got that too.

Spanish Tapas starts at 5pm
Bruin's Kicking Blackhawk A** starts at 8pm, Know Your Neighborhood! DigBoston looks at Magoun Square and your humble and lovable little Saloon along with our friends Daddy Jones and Modelo's.

http://digboston.com/boston-food-drinks/2013/06/know-your-neighborhood-magoun-square/, Join us tonight at 10pm for the U.S. World Cup Qualifying match versus Panama!, Rainy day = yuck. Team Trivia = yes! Join us tonight at 8:30pm

Red Sox v Rays 7pm
Heat v Spurs 9pm
World Cup Qualifier US v Panama 10pm, Know what you don't want to miss? $8 Fish Taco Night, that's what. It's tonight starting at 6pm.

Red Sox v Rays at 7pm, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Prime rib with mashed potatoes and sauteed vegetables served with natural pan sauce. 5pm until its gone., Looks like it will be a beautiful day today. Start it off right with a big ol' brunch. We serve it from 10am-2pm.
Angels vs Red Sox 1:30pm
Formula One Canadian Grand Prix 2pm
Sunday Roast 5pm
NBA Spurs v Heat 8pm, Good Morning! We have Brunch this morning for you starting at 10am and awesome sports all day! The weather is going to stink so come inside and hang with us!
French Open until 1pm
Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix Qualifying 1pm
Belmont Stakes 6pm
Angels v Red Sox 7pm (if the weather holds out)
We find out who we play in the Stanley Cup (potentially) 8pm, Satellite is back on, yay!, Leave it to the Days of Y'Orr guys. I think this could be the best image of the series!
Penguins v Bruins Game 4 8pm
US v Jamaica World Cup Qualifier at 9:30pm, IT'S BEER FACT FRIDAY!
By special request this week, we look at the origin of “Cheers!”, the toast and not the bar from TV. We all do it, pretty much every country, every language and every culture has some sort of thing you say and do before knocking back a beverage with friends and family. Those who may be strangers before the toast, are welcomed friends through the simple act of touching glasses. But where did this tradition come from and why is it so ingrained in our cultural fiber?

Like most things drink related, the past is a bit fuzzy on this and there are several possible origins. The real origin probably lies somewhere in the history of ancient Sumer (now Iran) 6000 years ago where Herodotus and anthropologists say they had numerous drinking rituals. We do have some documented evidence of the ancient Greeks offering up their glasses “to the gods!” The gods would get the first sip before mortals finished the rest. This ritual involved rising to ones feet, holding the drink in your right hand and with both arms raised crying “to the gods!” and deliberately spilling some of the drink. This ritual became popular enough to spread to the Germanic tribes at the time and is very similar to our toasts today. Ancient pagan rituals also had similar offerings of drink to the gods.

Other tales point to banging glasses on the table or hitting them together in order to scare away ghosts or spirits. One theory is that medieval imbibers would clink glasses to scare away the devil, stating that the sound of clinking glasses was similar to church bells. The only problem with this theory is that most glassware in the middle ages was made of wood or clay and wouldn’t sound like a bell at all but more of a “clunk”.

Another likely origin is that the toast was used as poison prevention. The host would pour the drink into their glass from the same decanter as the guests and take the first sip proving it to be poison free and showing trust. Then state, “to good health” or something similar. This tradition exists today with wine as the host at the table will taste the wine before it is served to the guests. A variation of this tale states that people would touch glasses in a way so that some of the drink would pour into the other person’s glass. That way if it was poisoned, now everyone was poisoned. But this tale isn’t true and can be traced back to a fictional plot twist written by Alexandre Dumas in the 1800s.

One theory that I like the best is that drinking is something that involves all the senses. We look at the color, the head on a beer and the clarity. We smell the hops and malt. We taste the wonderful flavors and feel the carbonation, smoothness or sharpness in our mouth. We hear the drink as we say “cheers” and clink our glasses.

So the next time you click glasses, think back on the people, cultures and languages who have been sharing drinks together in this way for thousands of years. You’re helping to continue one of the oldest rituals in history.

Cheers!, Our $12 BBQ Special tonight is:
Cajun BBQ Shrimp and Chorizo
Cheesy Grits
Crusty Bread
Starts at 5pm

Cask tonight is the Southern Tier 2X IPA. It goes on at 6pm., Bruins! Tapas! It all starts at 5pm!

http://magounssaloon.com/spanish-tapas-wednesdays-in-june-2013/, Big night tonight at Olde Magoun's! Our Wednesday Menu this month is Spanish Tapas! Plus, the Bruins Game 3 back in the Garden! Get it all here tonight starting at 5pm!, Looking for something to do tonight? Come in for Tuesday Team Trivia, it starts at 8:30pm!

Rangers vs Red Sox at 7pm, Here is a picture I took of Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask in Game 1.

Tonight is Game 2, Bruins vs Penguins at 8pm. We also have $8 Fish Taco Plates at 5pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Braised Boneless Short Ribs
Herb Mushroom Polenta
Grilled Asparagus
Red Wine Demi-Glace
5pm until it's gone!, Good Morning! Join us for brunch at 10am and the Sunday Roast at 5pm in our state-of-the-art air conditioning and cooling system!

NASCAR FEDEX 400 at 1pm
US vs Germany in a friendly at 2pm
Red Sox vs Yankees 8pm, #omnomnomnom

Game 1, 8pm
Brunch from 10am-2pm, IT'S BEER FACT FRIDAY!

English ales come in two different categories, dark ales and pale ales. Dark ales are generally Porters, Stouts, Brown Ales and Mild Ales. We’ve talked about Porters and Stouts in previous Beer Fact Fridays, so we’re going to skip right to Mild Ales.

Mild Ale is usually referred to as one of the oldest styles of ale having been around since the 1700s. And that’s sort of true. If you recall, back in the day, the English had both Ale and Beer. Beer was heavily hopped and Ale was lightly hopped or not hopped at all. And brewers had different names for the different strengths of beers (stout, imperial, standard) as well as names for fresh and aged beers. Fresh ale and beer was called Mild and aged beers and ales were called Keeping or Stale. Most ales were served Mild, but some beers were as well. Porter was often sold as a Mild Porter but many of the larger brewers made a Keeping Porter as well. So in the 1700s Mild was more of a descriptor than an actual style and was a pretty vague term.

In the 1800s the X system of classification began to be used and X Ale would usually refer to a Mild Ale. Mild Ale and Pale Ale (better referred to at this time as Bitter Beer since is was a Beer and not an Ale) were both brewed with pale malts and around the same strength. What made them different was the level of hopping. Mild Ales were less hopped and thus were sweeter and maltier than Pale Ales but were generally about the same color. The color began to change around the 1900s with the use of slightly darker malts and even more so when dark brewing sugars began to be used.

During WWI and the grain shortages that resulted, the strengths of beers dropped across the board and Mild Ales, the most popular and best selling style at the time, dropped quite a bit to contain costs. Strengths bumped up again after WWI but the massive tax levied on beer in 1931 brought strengths back down again to about 2.5% ABV. By the 1950s, Mild Ales were sold as both dark and pale versions with the occasional amber version popping up here and there. But by the 1960s, the popularity of the style dropped off significantly and became almost extinct.

With the rise of organizations like CAMRA and independent craft brewers in England and the US, Mild began making a comeback as a style and not just a label to define fresh beer from aged beer. Today, Mild Ale is often dry with a slight tea bitterness and a malty, toasty flavor with minimal hops. It’s amber to brown in color and ranges in ABV from 2.8-4.5% and are usually good session beers. So the Mild Ale we know today has really only been around since the 1930s.

Popular Milds are Goose Island’s Mild Winter and Moorhouse’s Black Cat. Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project do some historical versions with their X Ale, 22 February 1945 and Once Upon A Time series. This is a style I would love to see more craft brewers in the US take on especially with the rise in popularity of cask ale and session beers. Cheers!, Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Country Style Ribs
Ginger Garlic Spinach
Mac & Cheese and Corn Bread

Cask is: The Tap Brewery American Wheat., This could quite possibly be the best picture ever! Who's psyched for the start of the Eastern Conference Finals on Saturday?, Tonight is the last night for Baconpalooza, but the bacon it gave us will live on in our hearts and arteries to remember it by.

Stock up on the memories starting at 5pm. (I'll miss you Lobster Bacon Rangoons - sniff), Don't be sad little girl, Baconpalooza will be back again one day. But tonight is the last night, so get your fill now before it's gone! It starts at 5pm!

England v Ireland Futbol Friendly 3pm
Red Sox v Phillies 7pm
Redwings v Blackhawks Game 7 at 8pm, We have some new bourbons for those who enjoy their malt a bit stronger.
Ezra Brooks 12yr
Michter’s Bourbon 10yr
Jefferson's Presidential Select 21yr, Happy National Burger Day! Our Pepperhead Burger was featured as a "must try" by BostInno!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2013/05/28/national-burger-day-best-burgers-in-boston/#ss__335503_1_4__ss, Get your lucky trivia shoes out of the closet because Team Trivia is back on tonight starting at 8:30pm!

Phillies vs Red Sox at 7pm, We are open regular hours today with $8 Fish Tacos starting at 5pm. Come in and say hello!, Today's Sunday Roast is:
Slow roasted prime rib
Mashed yukon potatoes
Glazed carrots
Natural pan sauce.

$12 starts at 5pm, Don't let the rain get you down! Come in to Olde Magoun's instead! We'll keep you happy with yummy beer and sports on the TVs. Plus...Brunch!

10am Super League Rugby
12pm Indy 500
12pm French Open Tennis
1:35pm Indians v Red Sox (weather permitting), Weather = Stinky, Magouns = Awesome
A perfect day to come in and watch sports all day.
1:35pm Indians v Red Sox (weather permitting)
2pm UEFA Champions Final Dortmund v Bayern
5pm Rangers v Bruins in Game 5, BBQ tonight is: BBQ Shrimp and Chorizo Sausage, Cheese Grits and Crusty Bread. Only $12 a plate starting at 6pm., Tonight Marchand is bringing the sauce against the Rangers in Game 4! Puck drops at 7pm!

Cask and BBQ at 6pm, Tonight's Cask is #7 in the Harpoon 100 Barrel Series: Union Street Revival Ale. Read about it below. Cask goes on at 6pm.

http://www.harpoonbrewery.com/beer/422/100-Barrel-Series-7-Union-Street-Revival-Ale, A wise person once said, "All (bacon) things come to those who wait (until 5pm.)" We subscribe to that wisdom and bring you 9 plates of bacon goodness starting at 5pm tonight!

Red Sox v White Sox 8pm., Don't worry. Everything will be better today at 5pm.

Baconpalooza starts at 5pm tonight., Just a reminder, there is no Trivia tonight because of the Bruins playoff game. Go Bruins!, You won't need coaching to get through tonight's Green Flash Tap Takeover. We have several special Green Flash beers on tap starting at 6pm.

Bruins vs Rangers in Game 3 at 7:30pm, Sorry folks, no Team Trivia tonight because of the Bruins playoff game. Hopefully we'll get one in next week., Our Green Flash Tap Takeover is tonight at 6pm. Here are the featured beers:
Hop Odyssey Black IPA: Similar to the West Coast IPA with the addition of roasted malt
Hop Head Red: A red ale with tons of hop flavor and aromas
West Coast IPA: Great West Coast style IPA
30th Street Pale Ale: very well bittered and dry-hopped, making it taste like an IPA
Saison Diego: - unfiltered farmhouse ale brewed with orange peels, ginger and grains of paradise, Fish Tacos tonight, only $8 a plate starting at 6pm!

Red Sox v White Sox at 8pm, Did you spend all your fun money this weekend and don't know what to eat tonight? Don't worry! Olde Magoun's has you covered! We have $8 Fish Taco Plates tonight starting at 6pm. We only use fresh tilapia delivered this afternoon and our special house made rice & beans and pickled vegetables. It's a winnah!, Tomorrow is our Green Flash Tap Takeover featuring 5 delicious and exciting Green Flash beers: Hop Odyssey Black IPA, Hop Head Red, West Coast IPA, Park West Porter and Saison Diego

The fun starts at 6pm!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Herb-roasted split chicken
Sauteed spinach
Roasted Potatoes
Natural pan sauce
Starts at 5pm only $12, Bruins Game 2 about to start, got your seat and beer ready? Go Bs!, Good Morning! Join us this morning for brunch with one of the best Bloody Mary's in Somerville! We serve brunch until 2pm.

Red Sox v Twins 2pm
Rangers v Bruins in Game 2, 3pm, It's time to grab your seats for The Preakness! It starts soon!, The Weekend is HERE! There's lots going on in town this weekend so be sure to fuel up at Magoun's!

Brunch today 10am-2pm
The Preakness 6:20pm post time
Red Sox vs Twins 7:10pm, Don't forget, this coming Tuesday is Green Flash Tap Takeover Day! Check out the event details for what beers we will have on draught!, I was too busy this week to write up a Beer Fact Friday (sorry!), so instead I give you this handy graphic on how to pronounce one of the hardest to pronounce beers for Americans: Weihenstephan

Have a great weekend!, Chara needs BBQ!! Luckily we have BBQ for only $12 a plate!
Country Style Baby Back Ribs
Bacon Jalapeno Mac & Cheese
Smokey Beans
Corn Bread

Cask is Leather Lips IPA

BBQ 5pm, Cask 6pm, Bruins 7:30pm, NEW BREWS!

Harpoon Boston Irish Stout
Kronenbourg Blanc
Weihenstephan Original Lager
Konig Ludwig Weissbier Dunkle
Fuller's Bengal Lancer India Pale Ale
Mayflower Golden Ale
Berkshire Brewing Co. Kolsch, Baconpalooza starts at 5pm!
Red Sox start at 7pm!
Fun starts when you get here!, We are participating in Taste of Somerville again this year and will be pouring Green Flash West Coast IPA. Get your tickets at the link below. Proceeds go to Respond, a great organization that works to end domestic violence.

http://www.respondinc.org/taste2013, Baconpalooza tonight! Get your bacon-swagger on with 9 different bacon inspired dishes including Bacon Cupcakes! Check out the full menu by clicking that link below. Go ahead, click it!

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-summer-2013/, null, Do you like Green Flash? Wish we had more Green Flash on draught? Let me make you wish come true!

We are doing a Green Flash tap takeover on Tuesday, May 21 starting at 6pm! We'll be featuring their limited Hop Odyssey beers!

Mark your calendars!, WOOOOOO!!!!! Bring on the Rangers!

Team Trivia tonight starts at 8:30pm. Think there might be a question about what's the only team in NHL history to win a Game 7  down 3 goals in the 3rd period?, It's Craft Beer Week! Come celebrate with us and our 28 taps of craft beer!
$8 Fish Taco plates start at 6pm
Bruins Game 7 at 7pm
What more could you want?, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Center-Cut Pork Loin
Applewood Smoked Bacon & Potato Hash
Grilled Mixed Vegetables
Natural Pan Sauce
$12, 5pm until it's gone!, Hey Bruins! You better listen to mama!

Game 6 at 7:30pm, Don't be one of these guys this Mother's Day. Bring her in to her favorite Saloon for brunch! We also happen to be conveniently located next door to CVS, just in case ;), Brunch! We are serving it until 2pm.

FA Cup Final: Manchester City vs Wigan 12pm
Blue Jays vs Red Sox 1:30pm

Don't forget, Mother's Day is tomorrow!, Here is a picture of Tuukka Rask to get you pumped up for tonight's game.

Maple Leafs vs Bruins at 7pm, Bring you mum to Olde Magoun's on Sunday for our special Mother's Day Brunch! It will make up for all those times you didn't call her. For shame!, IT'S BEER FACT FRIDAY!

In the past we have explored several of the popular beer styles in Germany. For the next few weeks we’re going to take a look at popular English styles. While German and Bohemian beer styles primarily developed around lagers, English styles developed around ales and were the inspiration for many of the early craft beers in America.

English beers fall into two main categories, dark ales and pale ales. The earliest identifiable British ale is what we call Porter today and is the basis for other dark ale styles. Common styles of dark ale include Porter, Stout, Mild Ale and Brown Ale. Pale Ales became popular in England after pale ales shipped to colonial India became popular back home as well. The pale ales in England today are descendents of this India Pale Ale. Common styles include India Pale Ale (or IPA), Ordinary Bitter, Special/Premium/Best Bitter, and Strong Bitter or Extra Special Bitter.

No one is certain when brewing ale began in England but most historians point to sometime well before the Roman occupation in 54BC. Ale at that time was brewed without hops and was usually spiced or flavored with local herbs. It wasn’t until the 15th Century that merchants from Flanders (Belgium) introduced an ale flavored with hops. This not only added a nice bitterness to the beer, but helped to preserve it as well. This new hopped style was called “beer”, while the unhopped version was referred to as “ale”. The term “ale” now refers to beers brewed with a top-fermenting yeast.

England is often credited with the invention of bottled beer. The story is that Dr. Alexander Nowell, a Dean at St. Paul’s in the 16th Century, was known to put his beer in bottles when we would go fishing. One day he came across an old bottle that had not been opened and was surprised to find the beer still drinkable.

Industrialization, the introduction of lagers, World War I, and the invention of artificial carbonation all took their toll on traditional English ales reducing their popularity and availability. In 1971, four men from the North of England started the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) to revive and protect traditional “live” or “real” beer. They also fought on behalf of UK’s small independent brewers which were being squeezed out by the big corporations. Thanks in no small part to CAMRA, small craft breweries and pubs are on the rise and gaining a lot of popularity today.

English beers tend to have a light fruitiness from the ale yeast and are moderately hopped in comparison to their American counterparts. They often have a more herbal hop flavor as opposed to the citrus or pine flavors from American hops and can have a pronounced malt sweetness.

We always have some English ales on draught and several American ales inspired by English styles. Right now we have Fuller’s ESB (Extra Special Bitter) on draught which is a good example of the style. Some English inspired ales on draught on draught include BBC Steel Rail Pale Ale, Harpoon IPA and Cottrell Brewing Co. Old Yankee Ale. On cask right now we have Shipyard’s Old Thumper ESB., The Cask tonight is: Shipyard Old Thumper ESB:

English style bitter with hint of sweetness, fruit aroma and smooth texture with a dry hoppy finish. 5.6% ABV, Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
BBQ Half Chicken
Spicy Garlic Spinach
Mac & Cheese with Charred Jalapenos
Corn Bread, Happy Birthday to Chef Howie from all of us at Olde Magoun's Saloon!, Bacon & Bruins!
Baconpalooza 5pm
Bruins vs Leafs 7pm, The secret to living to 105 is bacon! Baconpalooza starts at 5pm!

http://huff.to/13fxJHF, It's Baconpalooza: Summer Edition! In 1894, it was common for people to dress like sides of bacon for Baconpalooza.

The fun starts at 5pm!, Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm sharp! Come early to get the good seats.

Twins vs Red Sox at 7pm., Don't have plans for Mother's Day yet? Why not take her to her favorite saloon? We'll have a special Sunday Brunch menu just for her!, Smart Cat is smart. He goes to Magoun's for Tuesday Team Trivia. You should too! It starts at 8:30pm.

Twins vs Red Sox 7pm, After much posting FAIL I'm going to try this again...with just the facts this time :) #notmyday

Fish Tacos tonight $8
Bruins 7pm
Sox 7pm, Happy Seis de Mayo! It's the day where we recover from beer and tequila hangovers and swear never to mix those again!

The perfect stomach mop is our $8 Fish Taco plates! They start tonight at 6pm and at only $8, just go ahead and get 2 of them. You'll thank me later.

Bruins vs Maple Leafs in Game 3 at 7pm
Twins vs Red Sox at 7pm, Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Mexican Spiced Pork Loin
Cactus & Roasted Corn Salad
Rice & Beans and Corn Tortillas
It's available now! $12, Feliz Cinco de Mayo! We have a special Cinco de Mayo menu starting at 2pm and Dos Equis and Negra Modelo on draught.

Brunch 10am-2pm
Barclay's Premier League: Man U v Chelsea 10:30am
NASCAR Aaron's 499 at Talladega 12pm
Red Sox v Rangers 3pm, Cinco de Mayo is tomorrow and we have Negra Modelo and Dos Equis on draught. Food starts at 2pm but the beer is on now!, It's time to get your seats before post time. The Kentucky Derby starts at 6:24pm., Bruins Cat is ready for Game 2. Are you?

Puck Drops at 7pm, We're open at 10am this morning in case you need a quick break from Somerville Open Studios today. It really is amazing how many great artists we have in this city. Cheers to them!

Sports on our TVs:
Barclays Premier League: West Brom v Wiggan 10am, QPR v Arsenal 12:30pm
Kentucky Derby at 4pm
Maple Leafs v Bruins 7pm
Red Sox v Rangers 8pm, Cinco de Mayo is this Sunday and we have a special menu starting at 2pm. Come celebrate with us!

http://magounssaloon.com/cinco-de-mayo-2013/, Words for tonight's Celtics: "Just do what you do best" - Red Auerbach

Game 6 at 7pm, IT'S BEER FACT FRIDAY!

One of the more unusual styles of beer out there may also be one of the oldest; Rauchbier, pronounced “row-sh-beer” where row rhymes with cow. Rauchbier literally means “smoke beer” in German and lives up to its name with a smoky bacon-like flavor. Some even call it “bacon in a glass.”

Why do we think it’s one of the oldest? There’s a good likelihood that at some point, all beers were actually Rauchbiers. When making beer, barley is dried in order to stop the germination process. Back in the day, besides leaving barley out in the sun, which was quite difficult, the only way to dry malt was over an open fire. Naturally, using this method, some smoke would be absorbed by the malted barley giving the finished beer a smoky flavor. Now green malt can be dried using indirect heat, but some breweries and malters continue to practice this age-old technique.

One such brewer, and probably the most famous Rauchbier brewer is Aecht Schlenkerla in Bamberg Germany. Housed in what was originally a Medieval brewpub called The Blue Lion, this brewery has been brewing Rauchbier under one name or another for close to 500 years. They dry their malt in-house and use local beechwood. Their Rauchbiers (they make several styles including a Marzen, Weizen and Helles) have become the gold standard for what a Rauchbier should taste like, but today the smokiness can vary wildly from brewer to brewer.

A Rauchbier can be an acquired taste as most people aren’t used to their drinks being smoky but others absolutely love them. Flavor notes are going to be smoky, campfire, with some malt sweetness that can lead to bacon and smoked meat flavors. Hops character is usually non-existent to slightly mild.

Locally, Mystic Brewery recently released a Rauchbier called Auerbach’s Rauchbier, and yes it’s a tribute to Red Auerbach the legendary Celtic’s coach who was known to smoke a cigar when victory was certain. While the Schlenkerla’s are all lagers with the exception of the Weizen, Mystic’s Rauchbier is an ale and is cloudy and darker than the clear amber lagers from Bamberg. It is a fantastic Rauchbier with well balanced smoke and a sessionable ABV that makes it quite approachable. Other notable local Rauchbiers are Jack's Abby Brewing Fire in the Ham and Sam Adams released a Winter seasonal Bonfire Rauchbier in their mixed 12 packs.

We have the Mystic Auerbach’s Rauchbier on draught right now and is a must try for Rauchbier fans. If you are new to this style, ask for a sample first to see if it’s your thing and think “bacon in a glass”.

And GO CELTICS!, Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Cajun BBQ
Spicy Shrimp
Chorizo Sausage
Cheesy Grits
Crusty Bread, Tonight's Cask is: Mayflower Brewing Company India Pale Ale
On at 6pm!, Gotta share this...the United States of American Craft Beer!, New on draught!
Sam Adams Summer
Anchor Summer
Dos Equis Ambar
...must be getting close to Summer :), Cinco de Mayo is this Sunday and we've got a special Mexican menu starting at 2pm and ice cold Dos Equis Ambar on tap., Let's go Bacon! Bruins! Celtics! Red Sox!

Baconpalooza starts at 5pm
All sports start at 7pm, Baconpalooza is getting some press from the Boston Herald!

http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/fork_lift/2013/04/may_is_for_bacon, I wish I could vote for Baconpalooza to come one day earlier!

Baconpalooza: Summer Edition starts tomorrow., Go vote! We'll keep your seat warm.

Team Trivia at 8:30pm
Red Sox v Blue Jays 7pm, We've got $8 Fish Taco Plates, plus special IPAs on draught tonight! Come on by!, Here is a partial list of Special IPAs we have on today:
Dogfish Head 61
Maine Brewing Lunch
Ballast Point Dorado Double IPA
Green Flash Imperial IPA
hope to have some more later, Baconpalooza is BACK!
Starting Wednesday, it's our Baconpalooza Summer Edition 2013! We've brought back some of your favorite bacon dishes and created some new ones too! Check out the full menu!

http://magounssaloon.com/baconpalooza-summer-2013/, If you've been enjoying our IPA month, then you want to come in tonight! We have a bunch of rare, special edition and limited edition IPAs on draught to finish out the month. If there was ever a night for Hopheads to Unite, tonight is that night!, Tonight's Traditional Sunday Roast is:
Roasted Bone-In Center-Cut Pork Loin
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Grilled Mixed Vegetables
Natural Pan Sauce
$12, 5pm until it's gone!, It's a Sunday full of food and sports!
Brunch until 2pm
Sunday Roast at 5pm

Celtics looks to avoid the sweep at 1pm vs Knicks
Astros v Red Sox 1:30pm
Senators v Bruins at 7pm in the last game of the regular season., If you're an IPA fan, be sure to stop in Monday when we finish off IPA Month with a bang! Limited Release, Special Edition and just darn hard to find IPAs will dominate our taps., Join us this morning for Brunch with Barclays (Premier League)!
Brunch is from 10am-2pm
Everton v Fullham 10am
Newcastle v Liverpool 12:30pm

Bruins v Caps 7pm
Astros v Red Sox 7pm, $12 BBQ Special Tonight is: Smokehouse Trio of Boneless Short Ribs, Jerk Chicken and Chorizo Sausage served with Creamy Coleslaw, Mac & Cheese and Corn Bread.

Cask is: BBC Coffeehouse Porter brewed with Cocoa Nibs, New on Draught! (right now, not the special Monday list)

21st Amendment Back In Black Black IPA
Wormtown Birthday Brew Imperial IPA (MA)
Brooklyn East India Pale Ale
Uinta Detour Double IPA
Mystic Brewing Auerbach Rauchbier
Riverwalk Nomad, IPA Month is going to go out with a bang!

Monday we're putting on some special, hard to find and limited release IPAs. You'll want to be here for this! More info coming soon on exact beers., Red Sox have a 4pm start time today, so you have my permission to leave work early to come watch the game with us.

It's also our last night for the Jamaican menu, so get it now while you can!, Tonight is the final night for our Jamaican Me Crazy menu! If you haven't stopped in to try some of these amazing Caribbean dishes, tonight is your last chance! Click the link for the full menu.

http://magounssaloon.com/jamaican-me-crazy-menu-wednesdays-in-april/, Fish Tacos tonight $8 a plate! It's the best deal in town!

A's vs Red Sox 6:30pm, Apparently, USA Today thinks that most = best. For my money, I still think MA is up there as one of the best craft beer states for more than just the number of breweries we have.

http://www.usatoday.com/story/travel/destinations/2013/04/21/10-best-craft-brew-states-in-america/2098517/, Oops, forgot to add a new beer to the list:
Jack's Abby Jabby Brau is now on draught!, Tonight's Sunday Roast: Slow Roasted Half Chicken, Bacon and Potato Hash, Grilled Vegetables and Natural Pan Sauce.
$12 from 5pm until its gone., New on Draught: (we said they'd go fast!)
Riverwalk IPA (MA)
Blue Hills IPA (MA)
La Chouffe Houblon Chouffe Dobbelen IPA Tripel
Boulevard 80 Acre Hoppy Wheat, Brunch: our favorite portmanteau. We're serving it from 10am-2pm today. And we've got the Sunday Roast at 5pm!

Panthers v Bruins 12:30pm
NASCAR: STP 400 at 1pm
Royals v Sox at 1:30pm, New on draught!
Bear Republic Racer 5
Smuttynose IPA
Stone Brewing IPA
Lagunitas IPA
Duchesse de Bourgogne Flemish Sour, We've got a full afternoon for you today so start it off with a hearty brunch. We're serving it from now until 2pm.

Penguins v Bruins at 12:30pm
Royals v Red Sox at 1pm
Celtics v Knicks at 3pm, FYI: Medford power is out but ours is still on., We hope everyone is staying safe, especially our first responders. We will be open regular hours today and will be keeping your Facebook feed clear until this is all settled., We know a lot of our fans and customers are also runners so we just wanted to share this with you all. The City of Somerville is holding a candlelight vigil with Somerville School Committee, Tufts University, and the Somerville Road Runners at 7:45pm. tonight at the City Hall Concourse. Click the link for more information., Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Boneless Short Ribs
Jerk Chicken
Chorizo Sausage
Creamy Coleslaw
Dirty Rice and Cornbread.
Starts at 5pm

Cask is: Cambridge Brewing Co.'s Spring Training IPA at 6pm
Red Sox v Indians at 7pm, Tonight: Sabers vs Bruins at 7:30pm. This game is going to be nuts.
Jamaican Me Crazy Wednesday menu at 5pm. Join us tonight and cheer your lungs out!, New IPAs on Draught!
Anchor Liberty Ale
Long Trail IPA
Sam Adams Double Agent IPA
Southern Tier Unearthly IPA
Meantime Brewing Co. IPA
Cisco Brewers IPA
Oskar Blues Deviant Dale's IPA, Join us tonight for a tour of Jamaican Cuisine at 5pm. We have 9 authentic Caribbean dishes like; Conch Fritters, Jamaican Beef Patties, Spicy Curried Goat Stew and Vegetarian Rundown. See the link below for the full menu.

http://magounssaloon.com/jamaican-me-crazy-menu-wednesdays-in-april/, Our thoughts are with the victims and their families of yesterday's tragedy. It's difficult to know how to react, what to say or do in times like this. But we are going forward as normal as we can today and continuing with our regular weekly events including tonight's Team Trivia. So if you want to come hang out, spend some time with family and friends, we are open., Happy Patriot's Day! Put on your running shoes and run on over here because we are opening at 9:30am for the start of the Boston Marathon!

Red Sox play at 11am
Bruins at 7pm, We're getting up early tomorrow to open in time for the start of the marathon. Join us here at 9:30am, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Split roasted chicken, Smashed red bliss potatoes, Sauteed mixed veggies and Natural pan sauce. Only $12, 5pm unto it's gone., Time to get your booty out of bed and come in for some brunch. We serve it from 10am-2pm and the Sunday Roast starts at 5pm.

The Masters: All day long on 6 different channels
FA Cup Semifinal: Chelsea v Man City 11am
Rays v Red Sox 1:30pm, We are your Masters headquarters with 6 simultaneous channels of live golf all the way through to the finals on Sunday. Don't miss a second of it!, Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Trio of Boneless Short Ribs, Country Style Ribs and Pulled Pork
Mac & Cheese
Cole Slaw and Cornbread.

Cask is The Tap's Sassy Rabbit Rye
NCAA Frozen Four starts at 4:30pm!, Olde Magoun's Saloon would like to officially congratulate Courtney O'Keefe on her appointment to Alderman of Ward 5! We'll keep a Bud Lite cold for ya!

http://somervillecityma.iqm2.com/Citizens/Detail_LegiFile.aspx?Frame&ID=7123&CssClass, New IPAs on draught!
Uinta Hop Notch IPA
Sam Adams Grumpy Monk Belgian IPA
Baxter Stowaway IPA, Conch Fritters, Jamaican Beef Patties, BBQ Jerk Chicken and more during our Jamaican Menu tonight starting at 5pm. See the full menu below.

We've also got a full plate of sports with the Red Sox, Bruins and Celtics all playing tonight.

http://magounssaloon.com/jamaican-me-crazy-menu-wednesdays-in-april/, We continue April in Jamaica tonight with our special Jamaican menu featuring classic Caribbean cuisine. We also have 3 of the 4 Boston teams playing tonight so our TVs will be hoppin'!

Orioles v Sox 7pm
Bruins v Devils 7:30pm
Nets v Celtics 8pm, New Beers on Draught!
Boulevard Tank 7 Black Rye IPA
Jack's Abby The ABCs
Dogfish Head 90
Cottrell Old Yankee Ale, 100 on BeerAdvocate (on tomorrow), This is one of the best times of year for sports; when we have baseball, basketball and hockey all going at the same time. Unfortunately, none of our teams are playing tonight.

Luckily, we have the best Team Trivia in Somerville and it starts at 8:30pm!, Check out this lineup!

6pm: $8 Fish Taco Plates
7pm: Hurricanes vs Bruins
9pm: 25¢ Wings at basketball tip-off
9pm: NCAA Basketball Final, NCAA Basketball Final is tonight and we've got 25¢ Wings starting at tip-off. We also have $8 Fish Taco plates, so there are plenty of cheap options for basketball munchies tonight. Come on in!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Herb Crusted Pork Loin, Crispy Potatoes, Roasted Carrots and Warm Homemade Apple Sauce. $12 from 5pm until it's gone., This is happening today! It's your chance to try some cask ales you won't find anywhere else in the US! The casks start flowing at 2:30pm., New IPAs on Draught!
Boulevard Tank 7 Double Wide IPA
21st Amendment Brew Free or Die IPA
Sam Adams Dark Depths IPA
Harpoon IPA
Southern Tier 2X IPA
Great Divide Titan IPA
Heavy Seas Loose Cannon IPA
Dogfish Head 60
Blue Point Hoptical Illusion
Green Flash West Coast IPA, Good morning! Start your day off right with brunch and Barclay's Premier League at 10am! Brunch is served until 2pm. Busy evening tonight with NCAA Basketball Final Four starting at 6pm and Bruins v Canadians at 7pm., Big weekend coming up! We have NCAA Basketball Final 4 on Saturday and our NERAX Cask Ale Event on Sunday from 2:30-5pm. Are you ready?, New on draught:
Harpoon Leviathan IPA
Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA
Warsteiner Dunkel
Notch Session Pilsner, Spicy food and IPAs are a match made in (non-denominational) heaven. Tonight at 5pm we start our Jamaican Cuisine menu filled with spicy dishes like Spicy Curried Goat Stew sure to need cooling off with a hoppy beer.

See our website for the full menu.

(first place) Red Sox v (last place) Yankees 7pm
Pistons v Celtics 7:30pm, Tonight is the first night of our Jamaican Me Crazy Menu! You'll feel like you're on the island with 9 authentic dishes of Jamaican cuisine like BBQ Jerk Chicken, Jamaican Beef Patties, and a Vegetarian Rundown (slow stewed veggies in coconut curry broth over rice). See the link for the full menu.

http://magounssaloon.com/jamaican-me-crazy-menu-wednesdays-in-april/, We tapped a cask of Harpoon IPA that's dry hopped with Centennial hops. It will be on the engine for the next couple of days. Come get some!, It's Tuesday, and that means Team Trivia at 8:30pm!

We hear that hops increases your mental powers., Here is a Kick-ass list of our Kick-off IPA beers pouring now!

Harpoon Rich & Dan't Rye IPA
Harpoon Black IPA
Harpoon White IPA
Southern Tier IPA
Great Divide Hercules Double IPA
Ballast Point Big Eye IPA
Dogfish Head Hellhound on My Ale
Harpoon IPA
Blue Point Hoptical Illusion IPA
Green Flash West Coast IPA, Happy IPA Month!

We kick it off tonight with a Friends of Harpoon Event from 7-9pm. We'll have the Black IPA, White IPA, Rye IPA and classic Harpoon IPA on tap.

Opening Day! Red Sox v Yankees 1pm, We're open! Come on in for Sunday Roast and some Easter beers!, Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is:
Boneless Short Ribs
Glazed Root Vegetables and
Mushroom Polenta

We open at 6pm!, So our employees can spend Easter with their friends and families, we will opening at 6pm tonight with the Sunday Roast.

Happy Easter!, Good morning! It's a beautiful day for day drinking!

We serve brunch until 2pm and have a day full of NCAA Basketball and Hockey. Also, Bruins take on the Flyers at 1pm., We'll be opening at 6pm on Easter Sunday and there will be roast!, We have a special just for Good Friday: Baked cod with Lobster shrimp stuffing, Vegetable herb ragout and Citrus butter sauce., Happy Good Friday! We are Good Friday friendly with lots of non-meat options for those of you observing it Catholic-style. Any burger on our menu can be made with a veggie burger upon request.

College Sports Bonanza tonight with NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament and the start of the NCAA Men's Hockey Tournament! Catch it all right here!, Tonight's $12 BBQ Special is:
Cajun BBQ Shrimp
Cheddar Cheese Grits
Sauteed Spinach and
Crusty Bread

The Cask tonight is Peak Organic Simcoe Spring Ale, On cask today we have Peak Organic Brewing Simcoe Spring Ale. This spring seasonal is single-hopped and dry-hopped like the name suggests and bursts with the piney citrus flavors that Simcoe is known for. 5.4% ABV, 66 IBUs

It goes on cask at 6pm!, Another action packed Thursday here at Olde Magoun's Saloon.

We've got the BBQ Special and a new Cask Ale, plus the start of Sweet Sixteen NCAA Basketball action.

Stay tuned right here for more details., It's the last night for the French/Mexican Fusion menu. The goodness starts at 5pm.

Habs v Bruins start at 7:30pm., Join us tonight for Team Trivia at 8:30pm. Are you up on all your current events?

Sports: Knickerbocker v Celtics 7pm
USA v Mexico in World Cup Qualifier 10:30pm, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Roasted Bone-In Pork Chop, mashed potatoes, sauteed veggies and pan gravy. Only $12 from 5pm until it's gone!, It's a beautiful day for walking! So walk on over here. We are open and serving Brunch until 2pm. We've got the Sunday Roast at 5pm (details to come) and NCAA Basketball all day long!, Tonight's BBQ Special only $12:
BBQ Split Chicken with
Cheddar and Bacon Mashed Potatoes
Coleslaw and Cornbread

Tonight's Cask is Tap Brewing Company's Ignoble India Pale Lager., Big Thursday today at Olde Magoun's!

We have BBQ on at 6pm (details coming)
The Tap Ignoble India Pale Lager is on cask
Bruins v Senators at 7:30pm and
NCAA Basketball Tournament is going on all day!, NERAX starts tonight at 6pm. If you don't know, NERAX is the New England showcase for cask beers and ciders and it's at the Somerville American Legion Hall Post 388. They expect to open with roughly 40 beers and ales from the US and UK. It runs through Saturday!

http://www.nerax.org/casc/blog/7-blog/117-nerax-2013-wednesday.html, Tonight's Team Trivia with feature questions about St. Patrick's Day. So go study your books on snake chasing and Leprechaun lore! The fun starts at 8:30pm!, Looking for a great place to play Trivia? Come in tonight! The fun starts at 8:30pm. Tonight's questions will have a St. Patrick's Day theme.

Also, Bruins v. Jets at 8pm, Are you broke after this past weekend? Looking for a cheap dinner? Don't waste your money on crappy fast-food. Come in tonight for $8 Fish Taco plates, and that includes rice and beans and all the fixin's., Shake off that hangover with $8 Fish Taco plates tonight! At only $8, you could totally get 2 plates. We won't judge.

NBA: Heat v Celtics 8pm, When things go wrong and will not come right, Though you do the best you can, When life looks black as the hour of night -A pint of plain is your only man.

Irish menu all day long. Ronan Quinn plays at noon. Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Ronan Quinn goes on in 2 hours. Get your seats and Guinness now!, Our St. Patrick's Day special menu. Irish Whiskey not included., St. Patrick's Weekend is on! We have Irish and American boiled dinners all day long, and live music starting today at 4pm.

Boston Eater Readers ranked us a Top 9 place to get a Guinness around Boston. So come on in and get yours!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/03/15/presenting-the-best-guinness-in-boston.php, St. Patrick's Day Stuff:
Irish and American Boiled Dinners all weekend long.
Music: Starts Saturday 4pm with Ronan Quinn and Barry & Carlton, Sunday Ronan Quinn 12pm-4pm
NO COVER!, We're putting a new cask on special for this weekend. Look for Tap Brewing Company's India Pale Lager on cask soon!, We just got word that we'll be hosting a Cask Ale event with NERAX on Sunday, April 7th starting at 2:30pm. They'll be bringing in 3 firkins of hard to find UK ales! Mark your calendars, this will be good!

more details to come, The $12 BBQ Tonight is:
BBQ Chicken with jalapeno mac & cheese, coleslaw and cornbread.
5pm until it's gone.
On cask: Dry-hopped Ipswich IPA starting at 6pm., Somerville Patch has the breakdown for this weekend as well.

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/st-patrick-s-day-weekend-in-somerville, Somerville News highlights where to celebrate St. Patrick's Day this weekend, including our humble little establishment!, Don't want to stink up your kitchen by cooking cabbage this weekend? You're in luck!

We're serving traditional Irish fare all day Friday, Saturday and Sunday!, French! Mexican! Two great tastes that taste great together in our French/Mexican Fusion Menu. Tonight at 5pm!, Join us tonight for a special French/Mexican Fusion menu! Chef Howie outdid himself this month with some truly unique dishes. See the link for the full menu.

Sports:
NBA: Raptors v Celtics 7:30
CONCACAF Champions League: Santos (MEX) v Houston Dynamo (USA) 8pm, LA Galaxy (USA) v Herediano (CRC) 10pm

http://magounssaloon.com/french-mexican-fusion-wednesday-menu/, For a change of pace this St. Patrick's Day, try some of our craft Irish Whiskey's!
Tullamore Dew
Tyraconnell Single Malt
Knappogue Castle Single Malt
Mideltons Very Rare
Redbreast Pot Stilled 12 yo, Are you ready for St. Patrick's Day?
We're doing an Irish menu starting on Friday and live music Saturday and Sunday!, We're not going to let losing in the first round of the Boston Irish Pub Showdown get us down! We're still going to bring you all the awesomeness you're accustomed to.

Like Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!
NBA: Celtics v Bobcats 7pm
NHL: Bruins v Penguins 7:30pm, Be sure to vote for us in the Boston Irish Pub Showdown! We're just happy to be nominated! Vote Today!

Then come in for $8 Fish Tacos plates! I bet Blackthorn doesn't have $8 Fish Taco plates. ;)

http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/, $8 Fish Taco Plates tonight at 6pm. Get them pan fried, grilled, blackened or crispy fried plus rice and beans.

Sport on the TV:
NHL Bruins v Senators 7:30pm, Today's Sunday Roast:
Herb Roasted Pork Tenderloin, Smoked Pork Potato Hash, Grilled Vegetables, Red Eye Gravy
Only $12, 5pm until it's gone!, The first sign of Spring in Somerville is the Rás na hÉireann 5K. We look forward to seeing everyone today after the race!

Sports on our TVs today:
FA Cup 6th Round: Millwall v Blackburn 10am, Manchester Utd. v Chelsea 12pm
NBA: Celtics v Thunder 1pm
NASCAR: Kobalt Tools 400 3pm, Tonight's Cask is Mayflower Oatmeal Stout, Tonight's BBQ Special:
Smoked pulled pork
Chorizo sausage
St. Louis ribs
Creamy bacon jalapeno mac & cheese
Potato Salad
Corn Bread - all for only $12! That's crazy!, NEW ON TAP:
Hacker-Pschorr Hubertus Bock Maibock
Paulaner Hefe-Weissbier
Harpoon Limited Edition Test Batch Stout
Harpoon Celtic Red
Kronenbourg Blanc
Dos Equis Ambar
Southern Tier Iniquity (Imperial Black Ale), Congrats to Richard, this month's $25 Gift Certificate Winner to Olde Magoun's Saloon!

Wanna get your hands on one of these, too? Join our newsletter mailing list from our Facebook Page. Click on the tab called "Join My List".

Winners are randomly drawn from the list of newsletter subscribers., TONIGHT!
French/Mexican Fusion Menu: Check out the latest creations by Chef Howie from 5pm-11pm, see full menu in the link below.
Celtics v Pacers at 7pm

http://magounssaloon.com/french-mexican-fusion-wednesday-menu/, It's a TRIO of FUN tonight at Olde Magoun's Saloon!
Celtics vs 76ers 7pm
Bruins vs Capitals 7pm
Tuesday Team Trivia at 8:30pm, Fish Tacos! Tonight! Only 8 bucks a plate! Can't beat that! There aren't enough exclamation points in this post yet!!!!!, Have you checked out our craft spirits selection lately? We've got some killer bourbons and ryes.

http://magounssaloon.com/menus/craft-spirits/, Holy Fresh Tilapia! Fish Tacos Are Back!

Monday Nights from 6pm-11pm Only $8 a plate.
Get them how you like them: Pan Fried, Grilled, Blackened, or Crispy Fried and served with rice and beans and traditional toppings., Tonight's Sunday Roast is:
Pan Roasted Pork Tenderloin
Sweet Potato & Bacon Hash
Grilled Vegetables
Ginger Cider Glaze
5pm until it's gone!, It's another busy Sunday at Olde Magoun's Saloon. Come spend part of your day with us!

Brunch 10am-2pm
Sunday Roast 5pm-Until it's gone

Premier League: Tottenham v Arsenal 10:30am
NASCAR: Subway Fresh Fit 500 (Phoenix International Raceway) 2:30pm
NHL: Les Habitants v Bruins 7:30pm, Start your morning off right with a Bloody Mary, brunch and Premier League soccer. The fun starts today at 10am.

Premier League: Man. U v Norwich City 10am, Everton v Reading 10am, Wigan v Liverpool 12:30pm
Super League Rugby: Widnes v Hull FC 12:30pm
NHL: Lightning v Bruins 1pm, Not eating meat for lent? No worries! We have plenty of vegetarian options and any of our burgers can be made with a veggie burger instead! If you gave up beer, we can't help you there ;), Just Tapped!

Kulmbacher Edelherb Premium Pils
Oskar Blue's Deviant Dale's IPA
Weihenstephan Fresh Hop (Limited Release - Just arrived in the US), Tonight's BBQ Special for only $12 is:
BBQ Jerk Chicken
Coconut Rice and Beans
Corn Fritters
Grilled Avocado
5pm until it's gone.

This should pair well with tonight's cask: High & Mighty Beer's Beer of the Gods, We're pretty excited about our new Wednesday Menu for March. Can't spill too many beans yet, but Chef Howie has worked up some pretty amazing looking fusion dishes., It's Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm. Have you brushed up on your current events?

Sports on the TVs:
Bruins v Islanders 7:30pm
World Cup U-20 Qualifier: USA vs Canada 6pm, US needs to win to advance., Tonight's Sunday Roast:
Hickory Smoked Prime Rib
Sweet potato gratin
Country style spinach
Natural pan sauce
Only $12 a plate, 5pm until it's gone., A full day of food and sports today at Olde Magoun's. We have brunch, roasts, Celtics, Bruins and cars that go vroom (hopefully with less bang than yesterday).

FOOD:
Brunch from 10am-2pm
Traditional Sunday Roast at 5pm
SPORTS:
NASCAR Daytona 500 at 12pm
NHL Bruins v Panthers at 3pm
NBA Celtics v Trial Blazers 9pm, Shake off those cobwebs and swing by for some brunch and a Bloody Mary. We serve brunch from 10am-2pm.

Barclays Premier League: Arsenal v Aston Villa 10am
Super League Rugby: Hull FC v Warrington 12:30pm, We've got the Triple Bs tonight: BBQ, Black IPA on cask and the Bruins!

$12 BBQ Menu: Bacon wrapped meatloaf, cheddar mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, hickory gravy and a side of cornbread. 5pm until it's gone

Heavy Seas Black Cannon Black IPA on cask at 6pm

Bruins v Lightning 7:30p, Tuesday Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! Come join the fun!

If you have any ideas for question topics, feel free to post them below. We are always open to suggestions.

Sports on the TVs: Celtics v Nuggets 9pm, Grab your hot pants and bell-bottoms and head over to Olde Magoun's tonight for 70s Throwback Monday! We have classic 70s dishes at classic 70s prices! Only $7 each from 6pm-11pm.

Sports on the TVs:
FA Cup: Man U. v Reading 3pm
CONCACAF Men's U-20 Championship: Haiti v USA 6:30pm, Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is:
Roast pork tenderloin with smoked pork & potato hash, wilted spinach with bacon in onion sauce. 5pm until it's gone., If last weekend's snow didn't stop us, this certainly won't. Come in for brunch from 10am-2pm and the Sunday Roast at 5pm.

Sports on the TVs:
Premier League: Liverpool v Swansea City 10am
FA Cup: Huddersfield Town v Wigan 11am
Bruins v Jets 6pm
NBA All-Star Game at 8pm, In case you were wondering, we are "Catholic Friendly"! For fish we have the Yellow Fin Ahi Tuna Burrito and of course our famous Fish & Chips. Also, any burger on the menu can be made with our delicious veggie burger!, Don't have plans for Valentines Day yet? Great! We don't either! No roses, no white lace, no special pink drinks, no made up holiday crap. Just good food, beer and spirits with no reservation necessary., Burgers Have Gone Wild! (until 11pm)

http://magounssaloon.com/burgers-gone-wild/, Have you ever found yourself saying, "I like burgers, but they just aren't WILD enough for me"? Then we have just what you're looking for!

Tonight from 5-11pm our burgers have Gone Wild! We have burgers with fois gras, burgers made with ground bacon and a super spicy death burger! Click the link below for the full menu.

http://magounssaloon.com/burgers-gone-wild/, Looking for something to do this afternoon? We'll be showing the UEFA Champions League Round of 16 match today between Real Madrid and Manchester United. Coverage begins at 2pm, Quick ReCap:
No Fat Tuesday Menu tonight, sorry.
Team Trivia at 8:30, Valentine's Day themed
Rangers v Bruins at 7:30pm
Tomorrow - UEFA Champions Real Madrid v Man. U at 2pm, It's a Special Valentines Day themed Tuesday Team Trivia tonight! So break out your Valentines Day trivia book and get studying! The fun begins at 8:30pm., Happy Fat Tuesday! Come in tonight (5pm-11pm) for a special Cajun/Creole menu featuring Red Beans & Rice, Fried Green Tomatoes, Jambalaya and more! Check out the full menu below

http://magounssaloon.com/fat-tuesday-2013/, Tonight's Traditional Sunday Roast for $12 is:
Slow roasted herb crust prime rib, Horseradish mashed potatoes, Chili garlic sauteed spinach and Natural pan sauce
5pm until it's gone., We are open regular hours today!
Brunch from 10am-2pm.
Manchester U. v Everton 10:30am
Nuggets v Celtics at 6pm
Bruins v Sabers at 7pm, Dig yourself out and come watch the Rugby 6 Nations match, France v Wales at noon., We'll be opening at 10:30am this morning for brunch., Blizzard schmizzard. We're still open!, We are still open and plan on staying open as long as we have power. We'll let you know if anything changes. Thanks!, Our plan for today is business as usual. But stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter feeds for any updates., Tonight's BBQ: Ribs with spicy hand cut fries, Southern coleslaw and cornbread for only $12, starts at 5pm

On Cask Tonight: The Tap Brewing Co. Commuter Ale, a Kolsch style ale that's low on ABV but big on flavor. Goes on at 6pm, It's almost time for this! Burgers Gone Wild starts at 5pm

Sweet Swine o’ Mine Burger – $12
Hand packed patty with mix of North Country apple wood bacon, smoked pork and hamburger topped with fried green tomato, blue cheese and bacon mayo served with waffle fries., Tonight, we celebrate the meat patty with Burgers Gone Wild! at Olde Magoun's from 5pm-11pm. Check out the menu below.

Sports are all over the TVs today:
US v Honduras World Cup Qualifier 4pm
Celtics v Raptors at 7pm
Bruins v Canadians 7:30pm

http://magounssaloon.com/burgers-gone-wild/, Come by tomorrow at 4pm to watch the U.S. v Honduras World Cup Qualifying match., It's 70s Throwback Monday! 6-11pm We're turning back the clock for you culinary pleasure. "Fried Bologna Sliders!"

Congratulations to Johnny Unitas and the Baltimore Colts in beating John Brodie and the San Francisco 49ers in the Super Bowl. And now, back to your regularly scheduled decade., Congrats to the 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off Winner, Duke!, Tonight's Traditional Sunday Roast: Lemon Pepper Split Chicken, Cheesy Mashed Potatoes, Wilted Spinach and Natural Pan Sauce for only $12. 5pm until it's gone., The 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off is underway!, Is your chili ready? The 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off starts at noon!

It's one of those days where you could just hang out at Magoun's all day!
Brunch 10am-2pm
8th Annual Chili Cook-Off 12pm-3pm
Clippers v Celtics 1pm
Sunday Roast 5pm until it's gone
Super Bowl 6:30pm, It's a weekend filled with sports where large men smash into each other at high speeds. You'll need a hearty brunch with us to handle it all.

Brunch from 10am-2pm
Rugby 6 Nations: England v Scotland 11am
NHL: Bruins v Maple Leafs 7pm, Come in tonight between 7:30-9:30 for a Weihenstephan Tap Takeover Tasting. Sample some of the 10 Weihenstephan beers we currently have on tap and maybe get some sweet loot, too!, On Cask Tonight: Mayflower IPA, Tonight's BBQ is a doozy:
Mixed Plate of
BBQ Ribs
Smoked Sausage
Pork Tenderloin Stuffed With Cornbread and Wrapped in Bacon
Coleslaw
Smoked Beans and
Side of Cornbread

Just $12 from 5pm until it's gone, Our 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off is almost here! Are you ready? Each entrant receives a free Olde Magoun's Saloon t-shirt. It's free to sample all the chilies. So everyone is a winner!

8th Annual Chili Cook-Off, this Sunday from 12-3pm.
http://magounssaloon.com/8th-annual-olde-magouns-saloon-chili-cook-off/, Do you prefer your field sports with less padding and bigger balls? We will be showing the Rugby 6 Nations match between England and Scotland this Saturday at 11am., Grab some friends (or make some new ones) and start a Trivia team! We have the best Team Trivia competition and of course the best Trivia host in Somerville! The fun begins tonight at 8:30pm.

Sports on the TVs:
NHL: Devils v Bruins at 7pm
Barclays Premier League: Stoke City v Wigan and Aston Villa v Newcastle both at 2:30pm, Who likes FREE CHILI? If you like chili but don't like paying for it, you'll want to come to our 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off! Sample 30 chilies and vote for your top 3. It's free to enter, free to taste and free to vote. You just have to pay for the beer.

Check out the link for info on entering your chili recipe.
http://magounssaloon.com/8th-annual-olde-magouns-saloon-chili-cook-off/, Do you like watching the Super Bowl commercials? Then you're in luck! This Sunday we'll be showing ALL the Super Bowl commercials LIVE with only brief interruptions from a football game and Beyoncé. Commercials start at 6pm! (game starts at 7pm), Tonight's Traditional Sunday Roast:
Roasted lemon and garlic split chicken
Grilled vegetables
Herb mashed potatoes
and Natural pan sauce.
Only $12 starting at 5pm until it's gone!, Happy Sunday! Come watch your favorite NFL stars pretend to play football tonight during the Pro Bowl at 7pm. Celtics have a matinee game at 1pm.

We're serving Brunch from 10am-2pm and our Traditional Sunday Roast begins at 5pm., Today we've got some brunch, some soccer and some college hoops.

Brunch until 2pm
FA Cup: Brighton v Arsenal 10am, Man U. v Fulham at 12:30
NCAA Basketball: various games going on all day long, Tonight's BBQ Special for only $12 is:
Shrimp & Chorizo in Creole Sauce over Black Pepper Scallion Grits and Cornbread., Are you the type of person that likes to judge others...chili? Then you don't want to miss the 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off! Bring your best chili or taste and judge the other chilis and vote for the winner! Super Bowl Sunday at its spiciest! See link for details.

http://magounssaloon.com/8th-annual-olde-magouns-saloon-chili-cook-off/, Zagat says you need to come to our 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off on February 3rd! And of course, we agree. It's fun to compete and even more fun to eat and judge other people's chili.

http://blog.zagat.com/2013/01/calling-all-cooks-eaters-to-magouns.html, Looking for a fun night out? We have Team Trivia tonight starting at 8:30pm. Grab some friends and start a team!

Sports on the TVs:
NBA: Celtics v Cavaliers 7pm
NCAAB: Michigan St. v Wisconsin and Pittsburgh v Providence at 7pm, No plans for lunch today? Stop in, have a burger and watch the Bruins matinee game at 1pm., Tonight's $12 Traditional Roast is:
Slow roasted short ribs
Garlic mashed potatoes
Wilted spinach
Natural pan sauce
5pm until it's gone, Our 8th Annual Chili Cook-Off is right around the corner! Enter your best chili for a chance to win some awesome prizes, or come and sample 30 of the best chili's in Somerville. It's all FREE! The only thing you pay for is the beer. Click the link for details.

http://magounssaloon.com/8th-annual-olde-magouns-saloon-chili-cook-off/, Tonight's $12 BBQ is:
Smoked Boneless Short Ribs,
Creamy Mac & Cheese with Charred Jalapenos,
Southern Cole Slaw,
Cornbread., Check out the write-up on us in Thrillist! Some nice pictures and a great little video featuring Greg and Chef Howie!

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/02145/olde-magouns-bacon-palooza, Team Trivia Tuesday is tonight! The questions start flying at 8:30pm, but get here early. The seats fill up fast.

Sports on the TVs:
NCAA Basketball: 7pm, Tennessee v Kentucky, Notre Dame v St. John, A preview of tonight's 70s Throwback Monday Menu!

All plates are $7

CREAMY CHEEZY MAC & CHEEZY: Topped with sliced hot dogs  
AMERICAN CHOP – SUEY: Ground turkey peppers onions tomato topped with Ritz crackers
FRIED BOLOGNA SLIDERS: Thick sliced Pearl bologna grilled and served in potato roll
FISH STIXX: Fresh fish battered & fried crispy with tartar sauce
SLOPPY JOE: Ground beef with manwich sauce served on bun
GREEN BEAN CASSEROLE: Green beans in cream of onion soup topped with almonds & fried onions
DISCO FRIES: Waffle fries with melted cheese and gravy
ICE COLD CANNED BEER IN A BROWN BAG and 1970s MUSIC!, Ah, breaker one-nine, this here's the Rubber Duck. You gotta copy on me, Pig Pen, c'mon? Ah, yeah, 10-4, Pig Pen, fer shure, fer shure. By golly, it's clean clear to Somerville, c'mon. Yeah, that's a big 10-4 there, Pig Pen, yeah, we definitely got the front door, good buddy. Mercy sakes alive, looks like we got us a convoy to 70s Throwback at Olde Magoun's Saloon! Tonight!

http://youtu.be/wwaygKjs2fI, Tonight's $12 Traditional Roast is: Slow roasted center cut pork loin
Cheddar mashed potatoes,
Grilled veggies
and a Cider Rosemary Gravy., Today we continue a day filled with food, futbol, and football!

Brunch from 10am-2pm (try the whiskey soaked french toast)

Futbol: 10am Heineken Euro Cup Toulouse (FRA) v Benetton Treviso (ITA), 10:30am Arsenal v Man City

NFL Playoffs: 1pm Seahawks v Falcons, 4:30pm Texans v Pats

Sunday Roast 5pm until it's gone!, It's a biscuits & gravy kind of morning. Good thing we serve it until 2pm along with our other brunch items!

Plus, we have all the footballs on the TVs today!

NFL Playoffs: 4:30pm Ravens v Broncos, 8pm Packers v 49ers

Barclay's Premier League: 10am Norwich City v Newcastle and Everton v Swansea City, 12pm Sunderland v W. Ham, 2pm Fulham v Wigan, 4pm Aston Villa v Southampton

Heineken European Cup Round 5: 1pm Leinster (IRL) v Scarlets (WAL), 5pm Harlequins (ENG) v Connacht (IRL), 7pm Racing-Metro 92 (FRA) v Saracens (ENG), Tonight's BBQ is:
BBQ Meatloaf stuffed with cheese and wrapped in applewood bacon
Mashed potatoes
Smoked Beans
$12 starting at 5pm

Tonight's Cask is:
Heavy Seas Loose Cannon IPA
Cask is on at 6pm, Somerville Patch says our Bacon Palooza is the #1 thing to do in Somerville tonight. So you know it's where all the cool people will be.

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/five-things-bacon-palooza-kenney-park-meeting, NEW ON TAP!
Anchor Steam
Brooklyn Brown Ale
Green Flash Bullet Imp IPA
Notch Cerne Pivo
High & Mighty Holiday Winter Red Ale (proceed benefit homeless veterans)
Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale, Team Trivia is back! Team Trivia returns tonight to its regular time of 8:30pm. Come compete with some of the best trivia competition (and the best Trivia host) in Somerville., Tonight's $12 Traditional Sunday Roast is:
Roast Split Chicken
Buttery Broccoli
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
and Natural Pan Sauce

5pm until it's gone!, We have a Sunday full of football and futbol, brunches and roasts.
Brunch: 10am-2pm
Sunday Roast: 5pm (tba)

Football:
NFL Wildcard Games: Colts v Ravens 1pm, Seahawks v Redskins 4:30pm
GoDaddy.com Bowl: Kent State v Arkansas 9pm

Futbol:
FA Cup 3rd Round: Swansea City v Arsenal 10:30am, The power is on here. So don't worry. The beer is safe and the NFL Wildcard games are on., Good Morning! Make it better by having brunch with us from 10am - 2pm.

Lots of sports on the TVs today:
NFL Wildcard Weekend: Bengals v Texans 4:30pm, Vikings v Packers 8pm.
FA Cup: Southampton v Chelsea 10am, West Ham v Man U 12pm
NCAA Football: BBVA Compass Bowl, Pittsburgh v Mississippi 1pm, We are bringing back 25¢ Wings this Monday for the BCS Championship game! Special starts at kick-off.

Sports on the TVs today:
NBA: Pacers v Celtics 8pm
Cotton Bowl: Texas A&M v Oklahoma 8pm

Join us for all the NFL Wildcard action this weekend!, Tonight's $12 BBQ is:
Mixed grill of BBQ Pork Ribs, Bacon Wrapped Pork Loin and Spicy Sausage served with Creamy Mac & Cheese and Southern Cole Slaw. 5pm until it's gone!

Tonight's Cask is Baxter Brewing's Phantom Punch Winter Stout from Maine, also 5pm until it's gone., Slow day for sports on the TVs today. We'll be showing the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl, Oregon vs Kansas State at 8:30pm.

We will announce the BBQ and a new beer on cask later today so stay tuned!, It's almost time for bacon!

http://magounssaloon.com/bacon-palooza-2013/, FYI, Trivia starts up again next week, so no Trivia tonight. Happy New Year!, Do you feel like Tito Puente did a mambo on your head? Could you eat all the bacon and eggs in Somerville, right now? Then Olde Magoun's has got ya covered. From 10am-4pm, we have an All-You-Can-Eat Hangover Buffet for only $12! And $6 Bloody Mary's until noon! You can go back to bed afterwards, we won't judge., After boozing it up all night, come in tomorrow for our Hangover Brunch Buffet! It's all you can eat for just $12 from 10am-4pm, plus $6 Bloody Mary's until noon. Check out the menu below:

http://magounssaloon.com/new-years-day-hangover-buffet-2013/, You might think we would charge some exorbitant cover for escaping the revelers, confetti and "auld lang syne" singing. But nope, there is No Cover tonight! Just tip your servers well for working New Years Eve., Tonight Olde Magoun's is like the anti-First Night. No parade, no ice sculptures, no folk dancing, no fireworks, no 2013 sparkly sunglasses; just lots of good booze and food until closing., Tonight's $12 Traditional Sunday Roast is:
Roast maple glazed pork ribs
Garlic mashed potatoes
Grilled veggies
Natural pan sauce
5pm until it's gone!, Check it out, Zagat is recommending our Hangover Buffet on New Year's Day!
http://blog.zagat.com/2012/12/celebrate-new-years-day-with-brunch-in.html, What are your plans for New Year's Eve? Don't have any and don't want any? Then Olde Magoun's is the place for you! We aren't doing anything either and may not even tell you when it's midnight., Tonight's $12 BBQ is: BBQ Korean Duck with steamed rice, sesame grilled vegetables, scallion omelet, and pickled bean sprouts.

On Cask: BBC Russian Imp Stout

From 5pm until it's gone., It's All-You-Can-Eat for only $12 during our New Years Day Hangover Brunch Buffet. 10am-4pm and $6 Bloody Mary's from 10am-12pm.

Check out the menu:
http://magounssaloon.com/new-years-day-hangover-buffet-2013/, Our website got a make-over. It's now more mobile friendly, too!

http://magounssaloon.com/, Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is:
Maple Glazed Roast Duck
Potato Gratin
Creamed Spinach
Natural Pan Sauce
5pm until it's gone, I bet you're wondering about our Christmas Hours:
Christmas Eve, 12pm-8pm
Christmas Day, 6pm-1am, Tired of Christmas shopping? A beer and some brunch is just the thing you need.
We have brunch until 2pm
College Basketball All Day
Barclay's Premier League:
Liverpool v Fulham 12:30p
and lots of other matches on replay all day long, Tonight's $12 Backyard BBQ is:
BBQ Meatloaf Stuffed with Cheese
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Spinach
Cornbread
Starts at 5pm
Cask of Mystic Descendant goes on at 6pm., Yeah, this seems about right., On cask tomorrow at 6pm: Mystic Brewery's Descendant, strong dark tavern ale.

http://www.mystic-brewery.com/beer/mystic-descendant, Tuesday Night Team Trivia tonight, starting at 8:30pm. Compete against some of the best trivia teams in Somerville., Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is:
Split Roast Chicken
Garlic Mashed Potatoes
Sauteed Vegetables
and Natural Pan Juices, Sandra can't control herself thinking about our Wednesday menu this month. All the sweaty dudes in the background must have just had the Loco Barbacoa Tacos. Tomorrow 5pm-11pm (towels not included)., Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is:
Red Wine Braised Short Ribs
Mushroom Parmesan Polenta and
Roasted Vegetables

5pm until it's gone, The cask is on!, Pfft, not even an Honorable Mention. Whaddup Boston Globe?

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2012/12/04/the-best-beer-bars-boston/a1AdoUwlauSSnr9dxauHeN/story.html, We bring the heat, the hangover and the holidays in our December newsletter http://conta.cc/WCDF7f, Tonight's $12 Sunday Roast is:
Roast Pork with fresh herbs
Bacon & cheddar mashed potatoes
Grilled vegetables and country gravy, null, If Tia Carrere can't get you craving cheese, no one can. But we're trying! Come in tonight for our special cheese menu from 5pm-11pm and say "yes" to deep fried cheese curds.

http://youtu.be/mKp0iDZ9a_s, Check out this good review of our Hillbilly Burger! Have you tried the 2 new burgers on our menu; the Buffalo Bill and Pub Burger?

http://www.bostonburgerblog.com/2012/11/reviews/old-magouns-saloon/, CHEEEEEEESSSSSEE!!!1!!1!  5pm-11pm tonight.

Check out the full menu on our site
http://magounssaloon.com/?p=1097, "Grrr, I hate what I don't understand!" What do you think? Is this guy serious or just comment baiting?

http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324439804578104931608203180.html, It's Tuesday so that means Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!

It's a great time to check out our new Fall menu like the Thanksgiving Egg Roll or a cup of French Onion Soup. See the full menu on our site.

www.magounssaloon.com, null, Did you miss our feature on NECN this morning? You can check it out at this link. Great job Caroline, Fiona, Sarah and of course Howie!

http://www.necn.com/11/09/12/My-Very-New-England-Sports-Bar-Olde-Mago/landing_sportsbars.html?blockID=799807&feedID=11110, ...and here you thought you were done voting for the year. We've been nominated for Best Beer Bar/Draft in Camberville. Please vote for us!

http://digboston.com/dig-this-awards-2012//, Grub Street Boston is liking the new Wednesday menu as well!

http://boston.grubstreet.com/2012/11/cheese-magoun-saloon-boston.html, Boston Eater thinks you should check out or new Wednesday menu!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/11/06/this-weeks-wine-bar.php, After freezing in line at the voting booth, come in for a beer! It's warm in here., Cask Ale, Mulled Cider, the new Wednesday menu and more in Olde Magoun's Saloon November 2012 Newsletter http://conta.cc/U2FeJB, Unfortunately, it's getting too bad out there and we will be shutting for the day. We want to make sure everyone gets home safe! Stay safe everyone!, Getting ready for session 2 of Harvest Fest. Tickets available at the door., I think the biggest question is whether to get tickets to Session 1 or 2? They both look incredible! Maybe just get tickets to both sessions., Check out this link for info on our Terrifying Trivia Halloween Costume Contest on Tuesday, October 30th. There's PRIZES!!!

http://magounssaloon.com/?p=1088, Comment on this blog post to win 2 Free Tickets to Harvest Fest, Harvest Fest is almost here! Here's what you get with your ticket:

• Unlimited 2 oz tastings from 8 local breweries (beer!!!)
• 1 serving of food from some of Somerville’s finest eateries, adding up to a meal’s worth (including Olde Magoun's Saloon)
• Live, local music (The Michael J. Epstein Memorial Library by day, DJ Nate Bluhm by night)
• Fun photo booth, photos snapped at no cost
• ~$500 in great raffle prizes available
• Costume contest w/ $50 Redbones gift cert. awarded to the winner (1 winner each session)
• Support SLF and build a STRONG local economy!

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/2012/09/harvest-fest-2012-presented-by-eastern-bank-tickets-now-available/, Join us this coming Saturday for the Somerville Local First Harvest Fest! There's food, beer, music and more for only $30! Plus you are supporting local businesses. Get your tickets today!, Just a little more than a week until Harvest Fest 2012! We'll be there along with other great Somerville restaurants and local breweries. If you like local food and beer, you need to go to this event.

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/2012/09/harvest-fest-2012-presented-by-eastern-bank-tickets-now-available/, Vote for us please for Beer Bar/Draft: Camberville section
http://digboston.com/dig-this-awards-2012/, Check out what's pouring, serving and playing during Session 1 of Harvest Fest! We'll be at both sessions., We're going to be at this year's Somerville Local First Harvest Fest! Will you? Tickets still available.

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/2012/09/harvest-fest-2012-presented-by-eastern-bank-tickets-now-available/, New on tap! Rodenbach Grand Cru, a Flemish Sour. This is one of the classic Flemish Sour ales. If you like the Monk's Cafe, you have to try this., We got a mention in the Boston Herald as an example of why Boston is one of the 10 Best Beer Cities. I include Somerville in that :)

http://bostonherald.com/blogs/lifestyle/fork_lift/?p=9637, Check out the new menu for tonight!, Olde Magoun's Saloon October 2012 Newsletter is out! Click here to view it http://conta.cc/PGK1jT, Check out the article on us on Boston.com!

http://articles.boston.com/2012-09-23/news-local-massachusetts/33968815_1_oktoberfest-dumplings-and-cabbage-german-style, Somerville Beat lays out stuff to do in Somerville every day of the week, including all the great weekly events we have going on. Check it out!

http://www.somervillebeat.com/things-to-do/1641/seven-days-and-nights-in-somerville/, null, Here are some photos from last Saturday's Oktoberfest Biergarten., This is too priceless not to share! Would this count as a German Jig?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6FADKtFSo0, Need to recover from Oktoberfest yesterday? We have the cure!  Brunch until 2pm and NFL all day!, Saturday, September 15th 2012, null, When DigBoston says you need to join us tomorrow, you better listen. They know their stuff.

http://digboston.com/taste/2012/09/beer-alert-olde-magouns-paulaner-biergartenoktoberfest/, This event is going to be so awesome, Boston.com is even reporting on it. <fist pump>, A great photo from our Keg Tapping Ceremony. Thanks for coming by, Patrick!, Get all the info on our Oktoberfest Biergarten http://conta.cc/Occ60t, We apologize. We are NOT doing a Sunday Roast tonight. We're shorthanded in the kitchen and are focused on just taking care of our current customers. We'll make it up to you next week with a super awesome roast!, null, Somerville Patch knows where it's at!

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/five-things-oktoberfest-keg-tapping-at-olde-magoun-s-saloon, While you're here for the Keg Tapping Ceremony, load up on our special Oktoberfest Wednesday Menu! We have Jagerschnitzel, Haus Wurst Plate, Sauerbraten, and more! It is available from 5pm-11pm.

Click here for the full menu! http://magounssaloon.com/?p=1057, Congratulations to Eddie and Anna on the birth of their new baby boy, Alexander!, Woohoo! We won Best Burger, Best Beer List and Caroline won Best Bartender in the Somerville Patch Reader's Choice Awards. Thank you everyone for voting for us!

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/somerville-readers-choice-winners-2012, Last night the City of Somerville gave our Paulaner Biergarten a thumbs up! So we're a go for September 15 from Noon-6pm! Check out this video to see what it will be like, minus the grass (it's a parking lot, ok?). No word yet on the umpa band. But it could happen!, Tonight's Sunday Roast is: Bacon wrapped meatloaf, grilled veggies, Yukon gold mashed potatoes served with pan gravy., Only 2 more days left for voting! Vote for us!

Best Burger
Best Beer List
Best Bartender: Caroline Shea!

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-vote-2012-ac55e190, Congratulations to Sarah C., this month's $25 Gift Certificate winner!

If you want a chance to win a gift certificate too, just go to our FB page and click on the Join My List tab up top to sign up for our monthly newsletter., null, This is the last week for voting for the Patch Readers Choice. If you haven't already, please vote for us for:

Best Burger
Best Beer List
Best Bartender: Caroline

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-vote-2012-ac55e190, Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter is out! Click here to read it. http://conta.cc/PicZ9c, Congrats to Katie Taylor for winning Irelands first Olympic gold medal!!!, A theme song for Seafood Delight Wednesdays!, Congrats to Boston Burger Company on winning the Battle of the Burger! We're glad to see a Somerville neighbor taking home the crown., null, Have you voted for Caroline today? Or our Burger or Beer List?

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-vote-2012-ac55e190, Have you voted today? We're nominated for:

Best Burger
Best Beer List and
Caroline for Best Bartender

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-vote-2012-ac55e190, Vote for us in the Somerville Patch Reader's Choice Awards!

We're nominated for; Best Burger, Best Beer List and Caroline for Best Bartender! You can vote once a day!

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-vote-2012-ac55e190, Vote for Olde Magoun's Saloon for Patch Reader's Choice 2012. We are nominated in the following categories. You can vote until Aug 17.

Best Burger
Best Beer List
and Caroline for Best Bartender!

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-vote-2012-ac55e190, Jason Rossi from Radio 92.9 stopped by to check out our Hillbilly Burger. Chef Howie tells him why it rocks. It's no "la-di-da" burger. Cheer him on at the Battle of the Burgers on August 7th!, TONIGHT! Summer-Ville Cooldown! Where the Cool get Down and sample great beer from Notch Session Ale and Berkshire Brewing Company and snack on tasty bites from Chef Howie. It's all to support Somerville Local First and the great work they do for local businesses. Tickets still available online or at the door.

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/local-first-events/summer-ville-cool-down-at-olde-magouns-saloon/, Have you ordered the Hillbilly Burger lately? Each time you do, you are eligible to win 2 tickets to the Battle of the Burger AND Red Sox tickets., Only 2 days until the Summer-Ville Cooldown! Sample local beer, eat delicious munchies, and rub elbows with the best local businesses in Somerville. If you are a local business owner, don't miss this great networking opportunity. If you support local businesses, this is a great opportunity to talk to them one-on-one.

Get tickets here!

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/local-first-events/summer-ville-cool-down-at-olde-magouns-saloon/, FYI, Early Bird tickets for the Somerville Local First Cool Down at Olde Magoun's end Friday at noon! Get them while the gettin's good!, With it being hot as heck outside, you probably need a way to cool down. Be sure to get your tickets to the Somerville Local First Summer-Ville Cooldown at Olde Magoun's!

http://www.somervillelocalfirst.org/2012/06/summer-ville-cool-down-july-2012/, TONIGHT! 6PM-9PM it's the Drink Craft Beer: Summerfest Kickoff party! We have 6 local farmhouse ales on tap, a free munchie buffet and local brewers on hand to chat with. You don't want to miss this event!

http://magounssaloon.com/?p=999, Tonight is MEATBALL MANIAaaaaaa!!! <cue: swirly Twilight Zone effect> 7 different kinds of meatballs from all over the world. Starts at 5PM!

http://magounssaloon.com/?p=990, Only 2 days until the Drink Craft Beer Summerfest Kickoff at Olde Magoun's! The fun starts at 6pm on Thursday. Be sure to get tickets for the main event this weekend. We'll have 6 of the beers on tap. That leaves 64 others left to try.

http://magounssaloon.com/?p=999, We're kicking off Summerfest this Thursday with a Saison mini tap-takeover. Come and meet some of your favorite brewers as well as the guys from Drink Craft Beer. Our event is free, but be sure to get your tickets for Friday and Saturday's event as well., We know you're cool, and you support local businesses, so get your tickets to the Summer-Ville Cooldown! Just look at that Mac & Cheese! Worth the price of a ticket right there., Thursday! It's a saison mini-tap takeover to kick off the Drink Craft Beer Summerfest: A Celebration of Farmhouse Ale. Meet some of the brewers, Jeff and Devon from Drink Craft Beer, and try some of the unique and exclusive beers you'll find at the festival before everyone else! 6-9pm at your favorite bar (that's Olde Magoun's smartypants)., Today is the last day for voting! Vote Vote Vote!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Only 2 more days of voting! Let's show Chef Howie the love he deserves!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Take a tour of a German brewery in the 1930s! Not much has changed since then. A lot of German breweries have moved away from open fermentation, but I believe Schneider Weisse still uses it. Try it on tap!, Just a reminder, voting ends Friday for the Burger Battle! Let's send Chef Howie to the finals to show UNOs and Legal Seafood how a REAL burger is made! 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Only 4 days left of voting. Have you voted today?

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter July 2012 http://conta.cc/LqoV7h, Don't forget to vote today! We want to get Chef Howie to the finals!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Enter today to win a pair of tickets to the Drink Craft Beer Summerfest! This event is going to be awesome with tons of local brewers making beers you'll only find at this fest! Thanks Drink Craft Beer!, Better get your Early Bird tickets now, they are going fast!, It's time for lunch and I'm thinking about the Best Burger in Boston. So I voted for it. Did you?

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, There's only 2 more weeks left for voting and we want to make sure the Hillbilly Burger is in the top 20. Let's get voting!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle, Our website is updated with our new Summer Menu! There are new apps, burgers, sandwiches, pizzas and more! Check it all out!

http://magounssaloon.com/, null, null, Somerville Patch is taking nominations for their Reader's Choice Awards. Here are some categories where you might like to nominate Olde Magoun's Saloon:

Best Burger
Best Beer List
Best Bartender
Best Family Restaurant
Best Comfort Food
Best Place for a First Date

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/readers-nominate-2012-1, Thanks to people like you, craft beer sales are up 10% in MA! We also have some great local brewers that make drinking beer in this state a lot of fun. The article mentions Fatty Bampkins from Maine, which we currently have on tap for you to try. If you're a cider fan, check it out!, Do as Ward 5 Online says! We don't want to drop out of the Top 10!

http://www.ward5online.com/2012/06/keep-voting-for-olde-magouns-saloon.html, JUST TAPPED: Harpoon Pale Ale (Limited Edition)

This is a rare batch of pale ale that they brewed up at Harpoon, and we got a keg! Don't miss this rare opportunity to try this beer on tap., Do you like beer? Then you might like to check out our updated draught list., A little music to go with our Caribbean Cuisine menu tonight. Now you'll be singing this all night, or at least from 5pm-11pm., Just a reminder, no Team Trivia tonight because of the Celtics game., Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter June 2012 is out! http://conta.cc/K2TuNV, Olde Magoun's gettin' some Dig Boston love.

http://digboston.com/experience/2012/06/52-games-celtics-76ers-game-6/, C'mon, let's knock Uno's off the map in this competition. Vote! Vote! Vote! :)

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Vote for our Hillbilly Burger on Boston Magazine's Battle of the Burger! www.bostonmagazine.com/burger, Wishing "The Big Angry" Greg Coughlin a very Happy Birthday from all your wonderful loyal talented staff :), Somehow Uno's Chicago Grill rocketed to #1. Really? Uno's?

Be sure to vote to keep the national chains from taking over:
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Check out our new tap list!

New on tap:
Acrobrau Zwickl Lager
Wurzburger Pilsner
Weihenstephan Hefeweisen
Anchor Summer
Lagunitas IPA, I bet you forgot to vote today, didn't you? It's OK, you can still vote, I won't tell anyone ;)

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, We're at #4 in the Battle of the Burgers! Make sure to get your vote in today!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Have you voted today? Just Checking!

We are still holding at #6, but I think we can beat Russell House Tavern and their fancy-pants Harvard Square burger ;)

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, We finally have a full list of stations for Survival Sunday Premier League games. Get here at 9:30, we'll have the Bloody Mary's ready!

http://msn.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/premierleague/event/premier-league-title-relegation-survival-sunday-2012, We are now at #10! Keep those votes coming! They say you can vote once per day but that doesn't seem to be the case.

Please pass it along!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, We are up to Lucky #13 out of 51 in the Burger Battle! Keep those votes coming!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle/index.html, Our Hillbilly Burger is up for the Boston Magazine Battle of the Burgers! Be sure to vote! You can vote once per day until July 6. Let's send Chef Howie to the finals!, Congratulations to Mary M., this month's $25 gift certificate winner!

Want a chance to win your own gift certificate? Just sign up for our newsletter. It's easy! Click on Join My List on our FB page., @Somerville Patch said Bacon Palooza is one of the Top 5 things to do in Somerville today. So you best be here!

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/five-things-rockland-trust-buys-somerville-s-central-bank, Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter May 2012 - With BACON! http://conta.cc/IExzfc, Check out our new brunch menu starting this weekend! Highlights include Jameson Soaked French Toast, Crepes au Jambon Fromage and "The Cure", Stop in tonight for our Asian Fusion Menu! It's a perfect match for a hoppy beer., The city just installed one of the new bike corrals along the side of Olde Magoun's. It can hold 14 bikes! Just think of the money you'll save in parking tickets., Stop in tonight for our Asian Fusion Menu! It's a perfect match for a hoppy beer., Asian Fusion! Tonight starting at 5PM. Try some of the amazing creations like Caribbean Pot Stickers, Tandoori Chicken Quesadilla, and Korean BBQ Tacos. Check the link for the full menu., Come in tonight, order a Guinness, Harp or Smithwick's and get a free vintage poster! While supplies last., IPA Madness and Asian Fusion all in the April Newsletter http://conta.cc/GZQUG9, Be sure to stop in tonight and check out our Street Food Celebration! 12 dishes from 12 different countries!, Come in tonight, order a Guinness, Harp or Smithwick's and get a free vintage poster! While supplies last., We have a great special going on with The Boston Irish Film Festival that includes a FREE BEER, FREE SHUTTLE and 20% OFF food for ticket holders. Get all the details in this link.

http://magounssaloon.com/?p=842, Be sure to stop in tonight and check out our Street Food Celebration! 12 dishes from 12 different countries!, Check out the awesome deal we have going with the Irish Film Festival on Saturday., CONTEST: This weekend, post a photo on our wall or tag us in a photo of you at Olde Magoun's Saloon celebrating St. Patrick's Day. The best one will win a $100 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon. We will pick the winner on Monday! Show us your pics!, Come in tonight, order a Guinness, Harp or Smithwick's and get a free vintage poster! While supplies last., Be sure to stop in tonight and check out our Street Food Celebration! 12 dishes from 12 different countries!, Be sure to vote for Olde Magoun's Saloon in the Somerville Patch Poll for Best Place to Celebrate St. Paddy's Day in Somerville

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/best-of-patch-readers-choice-place-to-celebrate-st-patrick-s-day, Vote for us in the Somerville Patch Reader's Poll: Where's the best place to celebrate St. Paddy's Day in Somerville?

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/best-of-patch-readers-choice-place-to-celebrate-st-patrick-s-day, Our latest newsletter is out! Check it out here. Olde Magoun's Saloon St. Patrick's Day 2012 http://conta.cc/zGGuoW, Come in tonight, order a Guinness, Harp or Smithwick's and get a free vintage poster! While supplies last., REMINDER: Sibling Rivalry tonight with Guinness, Harp and Smithwick's promotions. Also, be sure to grab a vintage Guinness poster while supplies last., null, Be sure to stop in tonight and check out our Street Food Celebration! 12 dishes from 12 different countries!, Ain't Nothin' like a little street dancing to get you pumped up for tonight's Street Food Celebration! Turbo and Ozone say it's "Electric Boogalicious!" , Absolutely brilliant! Combines my two favorite things, dogs and beer., TONIGHT! Smithwick's, buy a pint and keep the glass. You can't miss this if you are collecting all three glasses. Starts at 6pm, YAY! We just hit 900 likes! 100 more and we might have to throw a party or something., Come in tonight, order a Guinness, Harp or Smithwick's and get a free vintage poster! While supplies last., TONIGHT! Learn how to pour your own pint of Guinness! Also, buy a pint of Guinness, Harp or Smithwick's and get a free vintage poster!, Cajun/Creole Menu Every Wednesday in February http://magounssaloon.com/?p=778, null, Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter March 2012 is out! Read it here! http://conta.cc/znpQqD, Like those vintage Guinness posters you see on our walls? Now you can get your own! Every Thursday in March we are GIVING AWAY vintage Guinness posters! Click on the link below to learn how you can get yours., Have you marked your calender? Lots of free stuff and giveaways coming in the next few weeks!, Mark your calendars, folks! Lot's of great promos and giveaways all the way to St. Patrick's Day!, Cajun/Creole Menu Every Wednesday in February http://magounssaloon.com/?p=778, Rugby: RBS 6 Nations Tournament, France vs Ireland, Cajun/Creole Menu Every Wednesday in February http://magounssaloon.com/?p=778, Check it out! You can now see our current draught list and menu right on our Facebook page! Just click on "Menu" on the left underneath our logo. You can mark your favorites too!, No plans for the Super Bowl? Come watch it with us! We'll do all the cooking and we've already picked up the beer. I'm sure you'll like one of the 26 we put on tap for you. Oh, and I bet our TV is bigger too ;), Here are some useful tips for Sunday to get you through our 7th Annual Chili Cook-Off from 12pm - 3pm. I would also recommend creamy beers like Young's Double Chocolate Stout, Haverhill's Imperial Stout and McAuslan's Oatmeal Stout to get you through the heat., Jack Black was actually just getting ready for our 7th Annual Chili Cook-Off this Sunday at Noon! But if he's right, tasting all the different chilis on Sunday will melt away the fat! Then vote for your favorites in your skinny jeans!, Our February Events Newsletter is out! See it here! http://conta.cc/ADylTC, Do you subscribe to our RSS feed? It's another great way to keep up with all the events at Olde Magoun's.

http://magounssaloon.com/?page_id=34, It's back! $6 Fish Taco plates on Monday night!, January is Tapas month! Check out the link on our web site for the full menu and Estrella Damm promo nights., Boston.com says you need to be at Bacon Palooza tonight!, Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter New Years Events 2011 http://conta.cc/vQFj1F, IT'S BACON! ... night tonight., TIFFANY, WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF DEVELOPING OUR JANUARY 2012 WEDNESDAY SPECIALS. WE WILL POST THE INFORMATION IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS. IN THE MEANTIME HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!, Our Christmas Hours, Congratulations to Jennifer C. this month's $25 Gift Certificate Winner!

Want a chance to win one too? Just sign up for our monthly newsletter and you'll be entered to win! We pick a new winner each month. Click on Join My List on the left side of our FB page to sign up., Bacon Palooza! Less than 3 Days Away!, The December Newsletter is out! http://conta.cc/vQ4dzB, Bacon Palooza! Read it and weep ... for joy!, Support locally owned and independent businesses today! There are lots of great shopping options right here in Somerville. And when you need a break, come in for lunch and a beer! We open at 11:30 today., Dr. Sysak gives his pairings for Thanksgiving. What's your favorite craft beer to bring to Thanksgiving?, The weekend is almost here! Let it be filled with tasty and properly served craft beers!, Chow.com has some lovely things to say about our Soul Food Wednesday! We happen to agree with every word., So, Sam Adams is going to take another shot at Infinium this year. Will you give it a shot? Did you try last years?, We won Best Neighborhood Spot in the Dig Boston "Dig This 2011" Awards! Thanks to Dig Boston and everyone who voted for us!, Tonights Sunday Roast is roast pork with garlic mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables. Starting at 4pm until it's gone., Today, on 11/11/11, local businesses across the country are asking our followers to share the Shift Your Shopping campaign with your friends and family. Let's spread the word together and Choose Local and Independent businesses FIRST this Holiday Season!
Link: http://shiftyourshopping.org/, Our new fall/winter menu is out today featuring lots of new items like French Onion Soup and a Steak & Cheese sandwich. Remember the awesome boneless short ribs from the Tapas menu? Yep, they're on there too! Check it out on our site!, We are now on Google+! Feel free to add us to your circle if you are over there as well., If you get a chance, we'd love it if you voted for us for best Neighborhood Spot in the Ball Square area. Thanks!, Don't forget to vote for your friendly neighborhood saloon!, Be sure to vote for us today for a 2011 Dig This Award! Click on Neighborhood Spots and find us under Ball Square. We really appreciate it!, We've been nominated for a Dig This 2011 Award for Best Neighborhood Spot in Ball Square (OK we'll forgive them for not having a Magoun Square category). Vote for us early and often, there's no limit!, REMINDER! Olde Magoun's Saloon Halloween Events & Last Oktoberfest! http://conta.cc/tEaLWX, REMINDER: This Wednesday is the last night for our Oktoberfest menu until next year, so don't miss out!, Check out the newsletter! Olde Magoun's Saloon Halloween and Beyond! http://conta.cc/pQEa1S, Cascadian Dark Ale, Black IPA, American Black Ale? What do you call it? Do you have a preference?, Frank Burke....You will always be in our hearts. You are forever missed. Hope they have Washington apples (crab apples )up there :), Looks like a typical Wednesday in Oktober at Olde Magoun's, except we fill your beer all the way up., Is it too early to start my list for Santa? I hear that Dann and Martha from Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project were contributors!, This is why we take our glassware seriously. It's good for the beer, good for the bar, good for the brewer and good for you!, Psyched for Oktoberfest night tonight! Read this and learn something, it won't kill ya :), Franziskaner and Spaten beer promo tonight! 2 for the price of 1, which is $0 since we don't charge a cover., A great article by Meghann Ackerman for Somerville Local First's blog on why you should drink local beer! We currently have 8 beers on tap from New England brewers, including 5 pumpkin beers., Just added! Franziskaner and Spaten promotion next Thursday., Did you know that we now have an RSS feed? It's on the Events & Specials page of our new web site!, Congratulations to Patricia for winning this month's $25 Gift Certificate!

Want a chance to win one yourself? It's easy! Just sign up for our newsletter. Click on Join My List on the left side of our Facebook page., We've got #1 and #10 covered. Shipyard Pumpkinhead is currently on tap along with 4 other pumpkin beers. We also have 8 German Oktoberfest beers on tap. Check out our web site for the full draught list!, It's dodgeball season!, Your Guide to 2011 Oktoberfest at Olde Magoun's Saloon http://conta.cc/ozmBRF, Check out our new and improved web site! Let us know what you think!, Olde Magoun's Saloon Oktoberfest Wednesday Menu http://conta.cc/oJ4taR, In case you were wondering, we are planning on staying open regular hours tomorrow. So come on in, have some brunch and Sunday roast, and watch the hurricane with us!, Caroline saved all the beer from the earthquake so thank her when you see her next ;), Could a fruit fly from Argentina be responsible for lager beer? Read on!, Just tapped: Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Red Ale. Tart cherry notes. 5.5% ABV pairs really well with food and can stand up to strong flavors. A perfect match for the Sunday roast., Oktoberfest beers are on their way! Our favorite time of the year! Are you ready for our keg tapping ceremony on Sept. 6th?, Recently Tapped: Avery Brewing Company IPA. Coming to us from Colorado, this IPA is a very well balanced beer. Grassy and citrus notes greet your nose and the flavor features a nice hoppy grapefruit with a solid malt backbone. A super drinkable beer, this will go well with almost everything on the menu. I'll pick The Sharpie Burger, IPAs and Cheddar are a natural pair., Recently Tapped: Haverhill Brewery's Cali Poms, pomegranate wheat beer. This is a really nice summer beer, light and refreshing. It's a typical American wheat beer brewed with pomegranate juice. The pomegranate is very subtle, both in the nose and the taste but is just enough to create some interest. Because of its delicate flavor, I'd pair this with the hummus plate, a salad, the shrimp po boy or tonight's grilled fish tacos., Congratulations to Anne J., this month's $25 Gift Certificate Winner!

If you want a chance to win one as well, sign up for our email newsletter. Not only do you get important news of upcoming events, you automatically enter our monthly drawing! Just click on "Join My List" on our Facebook page!, Confused by the news of the Farmer-Brewer license in Massachusetts? Andy Crouch sums up the situation really well in his blog post today. It's worth a read, TODAY...TEAM TRIVIA (8:15 PM)...BRING YOUR BRAINS...WE HAVE THE BOOZE...GREAT PRIZES!!!
TODAY'S GAMES:
6:45 PM: ARGENTINA VS. EGYPT
8:10 PM: BOSTON VS. MINNESOTA
8:45 PM: CAMEROON VS. MEXICO, New on tap: Notch Session Ale's Notch Saison. This beer hearkens back to the original purpose of a saison, as a refreshing beer for seasonal farm workers. It has a yeasty citrus nose like a saison should, and follows with lemon and coriander and a crisp finish. This is now my favorite Notch beer and another great summer offering at only 3.8% abv. According to the web site, "the wheat used in Notch Saison is malted by Valley Malt in Hadley Massachusetts." +1 for local beer!, New on tap: Samuel Adams East West Kölsch. Slightly less bitter than a pilsner, this beer has nice floral and herbal notes with a sweet fruitiness and light biscuit flavor. A great summer beer that would go really well with tonight's fish tacos!, Happy International IPA Day! Or should I say #IPADay? Celebrate today by sharing a craft brewed IPA with a friend, or better yet, introduce it to someone who has never had one. We have Harpoon IPA and Lagunitas IPA on tap. What IPA will you be celebrating with today?, Did you get our email with the new Tikki Wednesday menu? If not, sign up for our newsletter by clicking on Join My List on our Facebook page. You could win $25 in our monthly Gift Certificate giveaway!, Things are looking up for craft beer in our area. Try any you liked? Let us know and we will see about getting it on tap., I love this article series, pairing beer with movies! Do you have any favorite movie/beer pairings?, Congratulations to Beverly Z, this month's $25 Gift Certificate Winner! Thanks Beverly, for being a loyal newsletter subscriber!

Want a chance to win one too? Just sign up for our newsletter by clicking on Join My List on the left side of our Facebook page., The Olde Magoun's Saloon July Newsletter is out! Did you get yours? If not, sign up by clicking on Join My List on the left of our Facebook Page. You could also win a $25 Gift Certificate just for subscribing!, 2011 US Open Beer Championship results are in! Deschutes Brewery from Oregon placed 1st in overall standings with Boston Beer Company coming in 4th! Go Samuel Adams!, Today is Allagash Brewing Company 16th Birthday! Come in today and have an Allagash White to celebrate!, 2011 Zymurgy Best Beers in America list is out and for the third straight year, Russian River's Pliny the Elder tops the list. As usual, it's pretty West Coast heavy. What beer do you think should have made the list?, Interesting article about Trappist beer. Would you like to see more Belgian styles on tap?, We are also having an Estrella Damm beer promo tonight! So Bruins, tapas and a beer promo tonight. It's an Olde Magoun's Saloon hat-trick!, Congratulations to Lisa B, this month's $25 Gift Certificate Winner!

Want a chance to win a gift certificate yourself? Just sign up for our newsletter. It's easy, just click the Join My List link on our Facebook page., This is interesting news. It should only make Untappd's already decent app better. Do you use a beer mobile app? Which do you like best?, The Olde Magoun's Saloon June Events newsletter is out! Did you get yours? If not, you can sign up for it on our Facebook page. Just click on the "Join My List" link on the left!, New on tap: Harpoon UFO White, Magner's (yes, on tap!), and Dark Horse Reserve Special Black Ale, The American Craft Beer Fest starts tonight and we highly recommend you go. But if you can't, or just don't feel like going to the Seaport World Trade Center, come on by and check out our extensive craft beer selection on tap. And you won't even have to buy tickets :), 'Gansett announced the release of 24oz. tallboy cans. Just in time for summer, I say., Good article about local up-and-coming Somerville brewers, Night Shift Brewing. We'll be keeping an eye on these guys. Looks like good stuff coming down the road., Just tapped: Estrella Damm, a Spanish pilsner, Just tapped: Haverhill Brewery's HaverAle Cream Ale, Today is the first day of American Craft Beer Week! How are you celebrating? Why not come in tonight and try one of the 10 local craft beers we have on tap?, Join us on Wednesday May 18th from 5pm - 7pm in a Happy Hour event to support Groundwork Somerville. Make a donation at the door of your choosing and get free appetizers. But best of all you will be supporting a great local organization., This month's Beer Newsletter is out! Didn't get yours? Click on the "Join My List" tab on the left side of our FB page., Congratulations to Stephen L, this month's $25 Gift Certificate winner!

Would you like a chance to win one as well? Just sign up for our newsletter by clicking on "Join My List" on our FB page. Or you can sign up on our web site too!, Because of the Bruins playoff Game 4 on May 21st at 1:30pm, we are rescheduling the Hawaiian Pig Roast for June 11 from 2-5pm. Pass the word!, Interesting article by a local beer writer. What are your thoughts on this? Are you tired of "extreme" beers and want better traditional styles?, Jameson promotion...need we say anymore..come on down :), Nice article on Notch Brewing, one of the local beers we have on tap right now., Watching all that running made me thirsty., We're proud to be new members of Somerville Local First, and to celebrate we just tapped a fresh keg of Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Jack D'or, Tonight, are you wearing Black, Gold or Black & Gold?, Is it nachos, or buffalo wings, or Southern chicken bites? What's the best item on the menu to munch on while playing Team Trivia?, Tonight's Sunday Roast: Roasted 1/2 chicken with chive mashed potatoes and wilted spinach., I can't watch golf without thinking about drinking canned beer in the golf cart. If you could have any beer in a can, what beer would it be? I'm going with Chimay Triple., Recently tapped: Notch Session Ale, a great local pale ale., In celebration of the modification of the Volstead Act, what are you drinking for Brew Year's Eve?, Kingfisher Premium Lager freshly tapped., Mixed drinks at Fenway? I'd rather see more craft beer., Classic April showers today. You can finally smell Spring in the air. What's your favorite Spring beer?, Just wanted to thank everyone for one of the best weeks yet for Foursquare Check-Ins! And it's shaping up to be one of the best months as well!

The big question is, can anyone oust Courtney O'Keefe as Mayor? She's starting to let all that power get to her head :), TONIGHT (5:00 - 10:00 PM)...SPECIAL FISH TACOS MENU...$6.00 PLATES...MADE YOUR WAY...GRILLED, PAN FRIED, BLACKENED OR CRISPY...WASH THEM DOWN WITH AN ABITA TURBODOG...WOOF!!
TODAY'S GAMES:
1:00 PM" BOSTON VS. PHILADELPHIA
7:30 PM: CELTICS VS. KNICKS, TODAY AT 4:00 PM...YANKEE POT ROAST DINNER...IT GOES FAST...AND THERE IS NO BETTER ONE ANYWHERE!!!, TODAY...IS BBBBBF DAY...BRUNCH (11:00 AM - 4:00 PM), BASEBALL, BASKETBALL, BEER, BURGERS AND FOOTBALL...JOIN THE CROWD...THEY WILL ALL BE HERE!!!
TODAY'S GAMES:
11:00 AM: MANCHESTER UNITED
12:15 - 9:54 PM: MARCH MADNESS
1:05: BOSTON VS. PITTSBURGH
1:30 PM: EVERTON VS. FULHAM
7:00 PM: BRUINS VS. TORONTO
8:00 PM: CELTICS VS. NEW ORLEANS, Congratulations to Matthew C., this month's $25 Gift Certificate Winner!

Want a chance to win the next $25 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon? Sign up for our email newsletter. It's easy! Just click the "Join My List" button on the left side of our Facebook page., Be sure to catch Olde Magoun's Saloon on Phantom Gourmet today at 11am on TV38!, We're approaching 1000 Foursquare Check-Ins! We could even hit it tonight, so keep checking in and leaving tips!, Today is the LAST DAY to register for the MSSC Somerville/Medford Dodgeball League. We're a sponsor! We invite all players back here after each game for a "players only" special and of course to chat and relax. We're also hosting the pre-season party on March 7th.  DON'T MISS OUT!, Sunday Roast tonight is:
Roast Wild Salmon with Horseradish & Mustard Crust
Chive Mashed Potatoes
Wilted Spinach
$10, Keep your eyes on your Inboxes for the Olde Magoun's Saloon February Newsletter!  Not subscribed?  Click on the "Join My List" link on our Facebook page.  You could win a $25 Gift Certificate!  We draw a new winner each month., When you're at Magoun's, be sure to check in with Foursquare. You get 10% Off your food tab on every 3rd check in!, Don't forget to sign up for the Olde Magoun's Saloon monthly newsletter.  Not only do you keep up to date on all the happenings, but you could win a $25 gift certificate, too!  We draw a winner each month from our list of subscribers.

It's easy to sign up.  Just click the "Join My List" link on our Facebook page. (It's on the left under our picture.), Do you use Foursquare?  We now have a Foursquare Special!

Check in 3 times and get 10% Off your food tab!, Congratulations to Rebecca Tobin, this month's $25 Gift Certificate winner!

Would you like a chance to win a $25 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon, too?  Just sign up for our monthly email newsletter by clicking on the "Join My List" tab on our Facebook page.  You'll also be kept up to date on all the latest news, events and specials., Not getting the Olde Magoun's Saloon Newsletter?  Now you can sign up on our Facebook page so you don't miss out on any news, important events, special menus or the latest beers on tap., HOLIDAY SCHEDULE
12/24: OPEN CHRISTMAS EVE TILL 2:00 AM
12/25: OPEN CHRISTMAS WITH FULL KITCHEN 6:00 - 2:00 AM
12/31 NEW YEAR'S EVE OPEN TILL 2:00 AM
1/1 HANGOVER BRUNCH 11:00 AM - 4:00 PM

TODAY'S GAMES:
7:00 PM: KNICKS VS. HEAT
8:00 PM: VILLANOVA VS. EASTERN WASHINGTON, TODAY...GAME DAY...ALL DAY...JOIN US AT OUR STADIUM...TRY A COUPLE OF OUR SEASONAL DRAUGHTS!!!
TODAY'S GAMES:
10:00 AM: MANCHESTER UNITED VS. BLACKBURN
12:00 PM: BC VS. SYRACUSE
12:00 PM: MICHIGAN STATE VS. PENN STATE
3:30 PM: FLORIDA VS. FLORIDA STATE
3:30 PM: LSU VS. ARKANSAS
7:00 PM: SOUTH CAROLINA VS. CLEMSON
8:00 PM: USC VS. NOTRE DAME, BLACK FRIDAY...RELAX...STAY AWAY FROM THE MALL...TRY ONE OF OUR GREAT BURGERS AND A CRAFT SEASONAL DRAUGHT...ENJOY SPORTS ALL DAY!!!
TODAY'S GAMES:
12:00 PM: BRUINS VS. CAROLINA
2:30 PM: AUBURN VS. ALABAMA
7:00 PM: CELTICS VS. TORONTO
7:00 PM: ARIZONA VS. OREGON
10:15 PM: BOISE STATE VS. NEVADA, GREG AND ALL OF THE MEMBERS OF THE SERVICE STAFF WISH YOU A VERY HAPPY THANKSGIVING...WILL OPEN AT 6:00 PM TODAY...FULL BAR AND KITCHEN SERVICE...PLUS SURROUND VIEW SPORTS!!!
TODAY'S GAMES:
4:15 PM: DALLAS VS. NEW ORLEANS
7:00 PM: GEORGIA VS. NOTRE DAME
8:00 PM: TEXAS VS. TEXAS A & M
8:20 PM: NY JETS VS. CINCINNATI, Frank Burke was one of our fondest and most loyal patrons. Frank was a joy to strike up a conversation with, he was a hearty soul. The staff and many of Frank's friends are saddened at his passing, but know that his calling to a higher place will bring to life a new calling.
On Friday October 22, we will say our last good by to Frank. A wake will be held at the Brown and Hickey Funeral Home in Belmont (http://www.brownandhickey.com/) on Thursday, October 21 (4-7 PM). 
A memorial mass will be held at St. John's Church in Cambridge on Friday, October 22 at 10:00 AM. After the mass, please join us and Ronan Quinn for for a spirited celebration of Frank's life., COMPLETE WEDNESDAY NIGHT SEAFOOD MENU IS AT: http://www.magounssaloon.com/calendar.aspx, CONGRATULATIONS KELSEY ROTH. You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner. You may pick-up your $25 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon at the bar after 6:00 PM tonight. Thanks to all who participated!!, CONGRATULATIONS RICH WHELAN!! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY WINNER, and will receive a $25 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your CERTIFICATE at the bar after 6:00 PM today. Thanks to everyone who participated. There will be another FACEBOOK FRIDAY question on May 28. GOOD LUCK!!, CONGRATULATIONS JENN KEIZER ROTH! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $25 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your Certificate at the bar after 6:00 PM today!! Thanks to everyone who participated. There will be another FACEBOOK FRIDAY QUESTION ON FRIDAY, MAY 21!!, 5/15/10, CONGRATULATIONS VANESSA YIP! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $25 GIFT CERTIFICATE to Olde Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your CERTIFICATE at the bar after 6:00 PM today. Thank you to everyone who participated. There will be another FACEBOOK FRIDAY question on MAY 14!!!, CONGRATULATIONS ELLIOT BOUDWAY! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $25 gift certificate to Ole Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your gift at the bar after 6:00 PM tonight. ENJOY! Thank you to everyone who participated. There will be another FACEBOOK FRIDAY question on May 7., BOONT AMBER ALE...BE AMONG THE FIRST TO TRY IT TONIGHT...GREG JUST TAPPED A KEG...IT IS A "WELL-ROUNDED TASTE EXPLOSION IN A GLASS.", Congratulations Julia Prange! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner and will receive a $25.00 Gift Certificate to Olde Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your Gift at the bar after 6:00 PM tonight. ENJOY!!, TONIGHT...5K RUN SPONSORED BY THE SOMERVILLE STRIDER'S A.C...STARTS AT  7:10 PM...TEST YOUR PHYSICAL ENDURANCE DURING THE RUN, AND YOUR BEER  GUZZLING SKILLS THEREAFTER! JOIN US AT 1:10 PM TODAY FOR MORE RED SOX  FUN!, CONGRATULATIONS STEFANIE FULLER! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner of a $25.00 GIFT CERTIFICATE to Olde Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your GIFT at the bar after 6:00 PM today. We thank everyone who participated. ANOTHER QUESTION WILL BE POSTED ON FRIDAY, APRIL 16, AND A NEW WINNER WILL BE ANNOUNCED ON MONDAY, APRIL 19!!, CONGRATULATIONS HEATHER VARNET! You are this week's FACEBOOK FRIDAY winner of a $25.00 GIFT CERTIFICATE  to Olde Magoun's Saloon. You may pick-up your gift at the bar after 6:00 PM today. We thank everyone who participated. ANOTHER QUESTION WILL BE POSTED ON FRIDAY, AND A NEW WINNER WILL BE ANNOUNCED ON MONDAY, APRIL 12., FACEBOOK FRIDAY IS A WAY FOR FANS TO WIN GIFT CERTIFICATES TO THE OLDE  MAGOUN'S SALOON. EACH FRIDAY A QUESTION WILL BE POSTED.  Simply respond  by selecting the comment link  below and answering the question. Questions posted Friday will  remain active  until Monday.  Fans may answer Friday, Saturday, or Sunday. Winner will  be announced  Monday on Facebook.   GOOD LUCK FACEBOOK FANS!, All day celebration, GRITTY MCDUFF'S BREWERY CO. HAS A GREAT PRIZE FOR YOU. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS DROP BY ON TUESDAY EVENING FOR MINDLESS TRIVIA (8:30 PM). TEST YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF USELESS INFORMATION, AND IF YOU KNOW MORE OF IT THAN YOUR FRIENDS - YOU WIN A BIG PRIZE!!, MINDLESS TRIVIA? THIS TUESDAY, STARTING AT 8:30 PM, YOU WILL BE ABLE TO TEST YOUR MASTERY OF USELESS KNOWLEDGE. IF YOU KNOW ENOUGH OF IT, YOU MIGHT EVEN GET A PRIZE!!!, ST PADDY'S DAY- WEDNESDAY MARCH 17, 2010!!!, JOIN unordained Father Coughlin for his Sunday (10:00 AM - 4:00 PM) BREAKFAST SERMON. Stuff your tummy and mind with great grub and mindless information!!!, If you are a basketball PSYCHO...DR. GREG has  the perfect script for you. Grab an outrageously big plate of SALOON  NACHOS, a pint of Peak's Organic Brown Ale, and kick back and catch all  of the Round I NCAA TOUNAMENT games LIVE HERE NEXT THURSDAY AND FRIDAY!!!, It's tournament time in the Big East, and all the major teams are playing today. Grab a pint of Guinness and a bowl of WICKED MAGOUN'S CHILI and enjoy the action!, Looking forward to another exciting weekend of rugby? You can catch all the action on Saturday and Sunday afternoon. NO COVER! WICKED exciting!!, Kitchen now open 'til 11 pm every Tues and Wed nite!!, Tucker loves the pizza!, New draft at Magouns....Peaks Organic Brown Ale!!!, Tonight is Tues trivia 8.30 pm!! Don't forget our traditional irish cuisine tomorrow nite. Our Irish patrons were very impressed last week so if ur in the area please stop by...we promise its worth the trip!, TRADITIONAL IRISH CUISINE-WEDNESDAYS MARCH. 3RD-31ST, In honor of Fat Tuesday, we will be serving our Wed night Cajun/Creole menu this Tuesday, Feb 16th - APPETIZERS CHICKEN OKRA GUMBO BBQ SHRIMP CRISPY ALLIGATOR BITES PAN FRIED GREEN TOMATOES, ENTREES: DUCK & ANDOUILLE JAMBALAYA SHRIMP ETOUFFEE BLACKENED FISH GRILLED CHORIZO &ANDOUILLE WITH RED BEANS AND RICE, DESSERTS:PROFITEROLES WITH VANILLA BEAN ICE CREAM& CHOCOLATE BOURBON SAUCE, CAJUN/CREOLE  WEDNESDAYS FEB. 3RD-24TH APPETIZERS CHICKEN OKRA GUMBO BBQ SHRIMP CRISPY ALLIGATOR BITES PAN FRIED GREEN TOMATOES, ENTREES: DUCK & ANDOUILLE JAMBALAYA SHRIMP ETOUFFEE BLACKENED FISH GRILLED CHORIZO &ANDOUILLE WITH RED BEANS AND RICE, DESSERTS:PROFITEROLES WITH VANILLA BEAN ICE CREAM& CHOCOLATE BOURBON SAUCE, CHILI COOK OFF FEB.7TH SUPERBOWL SUNDAY ALL TYPES OF CHILI'S  EACH CONTESTANT WILL  RECEIVE A T-SHIRT 12NOON-3PM GREAT PRIZES, SOUL FOOD NIGHT  WEDNESDAYS JAN. 6TH-27TH ENTREES PAN FRIED CATFISH: $10 BUTTERMILK FRIED CHICKEN: $10 SMOTHERED PORK CHOPS: $10 B.B.Q. RIBS: $12 PICK TWO SIDES WITH ENTREES ($3 Sides) CORNBREAD BLACK EYED PEAS & RICE COLLARD GREENS W/ SMOKED TURKEY POTATO SALAD MAC & CHEESE    DESSERT TASTING  $6 PEACH COBBLER ,SWEET POTATO, PECAN PIE, FRENCH NIGHT!  WEDNESDAYS DEC.2ND-30TH CHEESE PLATE:ASSORTED CHEESES  FRESH FRUIT CRUSTY BREAD DUCK CONFIT: WHITE BEANS SHALLOTS LARDONS PETITE SALAD HERB DE PROVENCE STEAK FRITES: 10 0Z. SIRLOIN STEAK  HAND CUT FRIES NATURAL PAN SAUCE TRUFFEL VINAIGRETTE DUCK L'ORANGE: SKILLET ROASTED DUCK BREAST CONFIT LEG ANNA POTATOES SPINACH ENCROUTE CREME BRULE, Pub Trivia is tonight @ 8pm., Every Wednesday Night Sept 2nd-October 21st,2009  WE WILL HAVE 8 OKTOBERFEST BEERS ON DRAUGHT DURING THE OKTOBERFEST SEASON AS WELL AS 3 PUMPKIN ALES  TRADITIONAL OKTOBERFEST DINNER SEPTEMBER 2ND- OCTOBER 21ST WEDNESDAYS 5PM-10PM PORK SCHNITZEL: WITH SPATZEL CIDER GLAZED CABBAGE BRATWURST: HOMEMADE SAUERKRAUT WARM GERMAN POTATO SALAD BAVARIAN STEW: SAUSAGE SEASONAL ROOT VEGETABLES POTATOES41, 3rd Annual Pig Roast- Sat May 16- 2:00pm-6:00pm, null, null, TRIVIA NIGHT  Every Tuesday night 8:pm, This Fan Page is in the process of being completed...stay tuned...., Olde Magouns Saloon)