List(Retail list: Candlepin, Vern, Causeway, TBD, Hearthside, Jetty. Out of Keeper until next week. Open 3-8 today, 12-8 tomorrow. Cheers!, Now available in our tasting room, Jetty, our dry hopped sour ale. Kettle soured using lacto strains cultured from our house base malt and yogurt sourced from our Assistant Brewer, John, Jetty is slightly tart with a lemony twist, and at 4% is downright crushable. $13/4pk, brewery only for now. Open tonight til 8., This Thursday night we'll be pouring at the South Shore Beer Tasting at the Hingham Community Center. Come join us and the fine folks from Mayflower Brewing Company, Harpoon Brewery, Bog Iron Brewing, Barrel House Z, LLC, and Entitled Beer Company for beer, apps, and raffles. Details available at http://bit.ly/1RxhdsX., So this happened.

Thank you for drinking 100 keepers and helping us advance to the Elite 8 in Worden Hall's beer bracket! The next round is tonight, and we're up against some stiff competition, so get out there and drink 100 more to help us make the Final 4!, HELP! We're in a beer bracket at Worden Hall in #Southie and we've made it to the Sweet Sixteen!

We're up against Dogfish Head this Friday, March 25th, and need your help to advance to the Elite Eight. It's a straight head-to-head competition - the beer that sells more that day advances to the next round - so come help us show those 'fish what's up!, DON'T FORGET! Join us this Saturday, March 26th, for some yoga and beer sampling at Castle Island HQ in collaboration with PopUpAsana. Tickets still available but they're getting low so get on it!, Come join us tonight at Redbones for an all-MA tap takeover! Fun starts at 5pm. Come 'n get some 'cue., Retail list today:

Candlepin
Keeper
Vern
Causeway
TBD
Hearthside

Happy St. Paddy's Day! Come on down and celebrate with us!, Get some rest tonight, because we're at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale tomorrow from 2-4 knocking back some Causeway, then rolling over to Worden Hall from 6-9 for some wicked fresh Keeper and loads of green giveaways. The parade may not be til Sunday, but the St. Paddy's shenanigans start tomorrow!, Thanks to everyone who came out last week for helping make it absolutely incredible. The fun doesn't stop there, though!

Join us this Thursday for The 6th Annual Evacuation Day Party at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale. We'll be saddling up to the bar from 2-4pm, and rumor is they're tapping a keg of something that hasn't been released yet into the wild on draft.

From 6-9pm on Thursday night we'll also be holding it down in Southie at Worden Hall. Come grab some wicked fresh Keeper and nab some green swag so you're ready for the parade on Sunday.

PLUS we still have a full house in the retail shop, with all of our beers available for samples and in cans to go., Tonight is the night: Come crush Candlepins and roll strikes, all at the same time. The fun starts at 7:30 and we're expecting a large crowd, so plan accordingly., Available in the retail shop today. 

Candlepin
Keeper
Vern
Causeway (canned Tues)
TBD
Hearthside, There's still space for PopUpAsana's Bend & Brew event here at the brewery on Saturday March 26th, so sign up soon before you miss your chance! Who knows - you may even see a few of us out on the mat..., A million thanks to the Union Brew House for their incredible hospitality tonight. You guys are amazing!, More exciting news this week: our beer will now be available on the South Shore, Cape, and Islands! Candlepin and Keeper will be hitting the market in cans and on draft through Colonial Wholesale Beverage beginning next Monday, March 14th. If you've been looking for a new beach beer, look no further.

ALSO don't forget we're at the Union Brewhouse (OFFICIAL) in Weymouth tonight from 6-8pm for an Old School Pint Night. Come knock back a few cold ones with the team and snag a super fresh pint glass to bring home with you., Just a reminder that we'll be at The Tip Tap Room tonight from 6-8 with the brewing crew, so come on down and have a pint with us! Candlepin, Keeper, and TBD will all be on tap for the first time ever in Boston. See you there!, HUGE week coming up here folks. Quick recap:

- TONIGHT, 3/7: Monday Night Pub Crawl in Norwood
- Wednesday, 3/9: Night at the Tip Tap: Meet the Brewers
- Thursday, 3/10: Old School Pint Night
- Friday, 3/11: Come Roll With Us at Southie Bowl
- Saturday, 3/12: Small Batch Hyper Local Craft Beer Tasting

PLUS...

Causeway returns. Fresh batch canning Wednesday. Available Thursday at the brewery only. Bumped up the dryhop on this batch and canning less, so limiting this to one case per person per day. Full retail list and to be announced soon., ICYMI: Vern, our Wheat IPA with Mosaic, is being released today at 3pm. Available at the brewery only. $13/4pk. #feelthevern, Come join us at Eat With Jack O'Neill tonight from 7-9pm. They're pouring wicked fresh Keeper and we're giving away some slick glassware, so come check it out!, null, We're pretty psyched to announce a new beer we've got coming out this week. Vern, our Spring seasonal to-be, is a wheat IPA heavily hopped with the ever-fragrant Mosaic, giving this super sipper not-so-subtle notes of tangerine, melon, and orchid flower.

Available at the brewery only in 16oz cans. $13 per 4pk. Doors open at 3pm on Thursday (3/3)., null, Wicked fresh keeper (canned today) now available in the tasting room, plus the return of 16oz balloon glasses, 5oz tasters, and paddle openers!, Looking for something to do on a Wednesday night? Head on over to the Stoughton House of Brews for Music Bingo and a fresh keg of Keeper! We'll see you there!, null, null, null, Keeper is BACK! Only 25 cases available this weekend though, so don't delay. Down to our last 12 cases of Causeway, too. TBD, Hearthside, and Candlepin still going strong., We're hiring once again, this time for a PT Bookkeeper. If you love reconciliations, AP/AR, and tax reporting, check out our detailed job posting at http://bit.ly/1oBTXlZ. Cheers!, null, null, Only 30 cases of Causeway left! It'll be back eventually, but we're not sure when, so this is your last chance to grab some before it's gone. Still plenty of Candlepin, TBD, and Hearthside. Opening at noon today., Wicked fresh Candlepin available today at the brewery; $11/4pk. Also still have Causeway, TBD, and Hearthside, $13/4pk. Doors open at 3pm - see you soon!, Happy EBF weekend! Hope everybody survived the snow yesterday, and thanks for your patience while we dealt with our own snow-related problems.

Doors opening again at 12pm today for tours, tastings, and retail. See you soon!, Sorry folks, we fought the weather and the weather won. Closing early at 6pm tonight. Reopening tomorrow at noon. See you then!, Plows on the way. Should be open within the hour., Hey folks, just FYI - we're going to be opening a little late today. Our plow guy never showed so we can't open up til it gets taken care of. We'll let you know ASAP when we expect to open. Hang tight!, Getting nasty out there, so drive safe! The mess should be over by mid afternoon though, so don't let that cramp your plans to come snag some beer for the weekend. Causeway and Hearthside starting to get low, TBD still good for a while. Cheers!, Doors open at 3pm today for tours, tastings, and retail. TBD, Hearthside, and Causeway available in 4pks to go. Tours at 3 and 4pm, limited to 30 people, first come, first served. See you soon!, Come get your flow on with us and the crew from PopUpAsana on Saturday, 3/26. Beat the crowds, break a sweat, and get some fresh Castle Island before we open our doors to the public at noon. All levels welcome, space is limited, so sign up today!, UPDATE: It's getting pretty hairy out there so we'll be closing at 6pm tonight to let our team get home safely. Drive safe and stay warm!, Open noon-8pm today, but we're keeping an eye on the snow and may close early if it gets bad. We'll announce it if we do, but you may want to come early to be safe.

Keeper and Candlepin officially out of stock for another week or two, but Causeway, TBD, and Hearthside should help keep you plenty warm., Between the storm moving in and the Pats game on Sunday, you're probably gonna want to stock your fridge for what's bound to be a couch-filled weekend. We're here to help, starting at 3pm today.

Hours:
Thursday 1/21, 3pm-8pm
Friday 1/22, 3pm-8pm
Saturday 1/23, noon-8pm (note: if the weather gets wicked bad, these hours may change with little to no notice, so your best bet is to come on the earlier side), On our way up to Redstone Liquors for their grand opening from 12-2pm. Pouring Candlepin and Keeper, now available in 4pks of 16oz cans!

The brewery is also open today from 12-3:30 in case you need to grab any last minute refreshments before the game. If you're on your way to Gillette, stop by - we're right off 95 and Rt. 1!, We'll also be pouring samples of Candlepin and Keeper tonight from 5-7pm at Pemberton Farms in Cambridge for those of you who can't make it down to the brewery. Pemberton was one of the first shops to pick us up, so we're wicked pumped to be hanging out with them tonight.

And don't forget tomorrow we're up in Stoneham at Redstone Liquors for their grand opening from 12-2pm. We are so thrilled for their expansion and can't wait to see the new digs.

And just a reminder, the brewery IS open tomorrow for tours, tastings, and retail, but will be closing early at 3:30pm., We couldn't agree more. Doors open at 3pm. Come stock up for the big weekend ahead!, Great day to knock out some fresh Keeper, and a great day to come by for some fresh, local beer. Just a reminder: Causeway, TBD, and Hearthside on sale this weekend only to help you stock up for the Pats game on Saturday! Just $12 bucks per four pack. Deal ends when we close Saturday at 3:30, so you probably don't want to sit on this one., Nice little write up from Gary Dzen at the The Boston Globe this morning, with a pretty spot on summary of why we're not located in South Boston. We get asked the question all the time (it's probably the second most asked question, after "What are your hours?"), and while we did have early dreams of brewing in Southie, building and operating a manufacturing facility in the city was simply an untenable proposition.

But everything works out in the end. We found a phenomenal facility in Norwood that had everything we were looking for: infrastructure, accessibility, affordability, and room to grow. What's more, Norwood has been our biggest advocate and ally, something for which we are eternally grateful. The town is wicked supportive of small business, especially of manufacturing, and the local residents have been incredibly welcoming and are some of our best customers.

In an interesting twist of fate, Norwood reminds us a lot of Southie - a loyal, proud, close-knit community of honest, hard-working, fun-loving New Englanders. These are the qualities that inspire us, inspire our beer, and inspire Castle Island Brewing Company.

So yeah, we're not in Southie. We're not on Castle Island. We're not even in Boston. But we're in an awesome spot in an even awesomer town and we couldn't be happier to be here., Announcements for the week of 1/11/16:

OPEN HOURS
We'll be open for business as usual Thursday and Friday from 3pm-8pm, but will be closing early at 3:30pm on Saturday (#gopats). Only 10 cases of Batch 1 Candlepin, 30 cases of Batch 1 Keeper remain. Hearthside, Causeway, and a fresh batch of TBD also available; all three ON SALE this week only for just $12 per 4pk in honor of Saint #TB12.

EVENTS
Wednesday, 1/13: Row 34 is tapping a fresh keg of Candlepin, and we'll be there to hoist some of the first pints with them at 5pm. After that we'll be joining our friends from Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale and Boston Wine Exchange at 7pm for draft night, featuring another fresh keg of Candlepin and the first ever tapping of Keeper! Details at http://on.fb.me/1nejaCb
Thursday, 1/14: Come warm up at Charles River Running during their Annual Chili Cook Off. 3 mile run, home made chili, and great beer, all under one roof. Details at http://on.fb.me/1IZH6Dc.
Friday, 1/15: Possible tasting in Cambridge; confirmation and details forthcoming.
Saturday, 1/16: Help us celebrate the grand opening of the new Redstone Liquors in Stoneham! We'll be there from 12-2pm pouring samples of some super fresh beers. Details at http://bit.ly/1SeU5nk., Just a reminder, we are only open to the public Thursdays and Fridays from 3-8pm, and Saturdays from 12-8pm.

Still some Causeway, Hearthside, and TBD left, but Candlepin and Keeper are getting very low and may not make it through the weekend. 

More t-shirts and glassware on the way. Tours offered Thurs/Fri at 3 & 4, Sat at 1, 2, 3, & 4. Questions? Call 781.951.2029. Cheers!, Looking for something to do next Wednesday? Join the Castle Island crew at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale as they, along with Boston Wine Exchange, host Draft Night next Wednesday, January 13th, starting at 7pm. Candlepin and Keeper will be on tap, and this will be one of your first chances to try the goods on draft in the city, so you don't want to miss it., Open from noon-8pm today for tours, tastings, and beer to go!, So. Much. Beer., It's official: we're releasing Causeway, our Galaxy Double IPA, tomorrow (NYE) at noon. Brewed with massive amounts of Galaxy, plus some healthy doses of Columbus and Simcoe, this 8% beast is smooth but packs a serious flavor punch. Samples available while they last. $13/4pk. No case limits, but we do expect this one to move fast so this may be subject to change.

Little bit of Candlepin, Keeper, TBD, and Hearthside still available this weekend. Holiday packs are officially sold out but we now have gift cards!

Reminder on hours this week:
Thurs 12/31, 12-7pm
Fri 1/1, CLOSED
Sat 1/2, 12-8pm
Free tours offered at 1, 2, 3, and 4pm both days. First come, first served, 30 people max. Close toed shoes required., New Years hours this week:

Thursday 12/31, noon-7pm
Friday 1/1, CLOSED
Saturday 1/2, noon-8pm

Candlepin, Keeper, TBD, and Hearthside still available but supplies getting low. Possible new release on NYE, details coming later this week., We're hiring! Positions currently open for Tasting Room & Retail Associates. Details available at http://bit.ly/1Tm5EGX. Emails only; no phone calls or drop-ins please. Cheers!, null, Some important announcements that will help cure your case of the Mondays:

NEW BEER RELEASE:
We'll be releasing Hearthside, our Winter Porter, this Thursday (12/24) at noon. Hearthside is a roasty, velvety porter brewed with Ceylon cinnamon, whole Madagascar vanilla beans, and freshly roasted coffee from our friends at Karma Coffee Roasters in Sudbury. Hearthside clocks in at 6.5% abv, and will be available in four packs of 16oz cans for $13 (includes deposit).

MORE HOLIDAY PACKS COMING:
Our holiday packs last week were such a hit that we're getting a few more made up for this Thursday. Same deal: $30 gets you a four pack of Candlepin, four pack of Keeper, and two Willy Becher pints. Please note: No substitutions allowed on the beers or glasses, as everything is pre-packed in that particular configuration.

GIFT CARDS NOW AVAILABLE:
We're pleased to now offer Castle Island Brewing gift cards, available in any denomination starting at $10. Gift cards can be used to purchase anything in the retail shop during our public hours (listed below), and make great stocking stuffers or yankee swap gifts. Only available in the retail shop for now.

HOLIDAY HOURS:
- Thursday 12/24, open from noon-6pm
- Friday 12/25, CLOSED
- Saturday 12/26, open from noon-8pm
- Free tastings offered during open hours
- Tours offered at 1pm, 2pm, 3pm, and 4pm both days. Limited to 30 people, first come, first served. Closed toed shoes required.

BEERS AVAILABLE:
- Candlepin, hoppy session ale, 4.4% abv ($11/4pk)
- Keeper, IPA, 6.5% ($11/4pk)
- TBD, hoppy American stout, 7.2% ($13/4pk)
- Hearthside, winter porter, 6.5% ($13/4pk)

GENERAL INFO:
- Please note we are closed to the public Sunday-Wednesday per current town regulations. We will be working to expand our hours in 2016, but for now are unable to accommodate sales or visitors on these days.
- We are kid/dog friendly! Children (and all minors) must be accompanied by an adult, and dogs must be kept on a leash, house trained, and friendly to other dogs and people. Dogs are unfortunately not allowed on tours.
- We accept cash and all major credit cards, but do not accept personal checks at this time.
- Questions not answered here? Drop us a line at contact@castleislandbeer.com or give us a ring at 781.951.2029., Open noon-10pm today for free tastings and tours, plus fresh cans of beer to go and tons of merch for last minute stocking stuffers. Come see us at 31 Astor Ave in Norwood; we'll be here all day!, Some nice press from our friends at the Boston Globe. Cheers!, Closing up shop a touch early tonight to let the team get some much needed and well deserved rest. We'll be back at it tomorrow, 3pm. Cheers!, Still looking for that perfect holiday gift? How about a Batch 001 holiday pack? Four pack of Candlepin, four pack of Keeper, and two Willy Becher pints, all in a convenient-to-wrap box, and all for just $30! Quantities are super limited, and once they're gone they're gone. Doors open at 3pm for tours, tastings, and beer to go., First printed canning run. If only you could smell what we smell right now., We've had a lot of folks asking, so we figured we'd pin this one to the top for now. Until further notice, we are only open to the public at the following times:

Thursdays - 3pm to 10pm
Fridays - 3pm to 10pm
Saturdays - noon to 10pm

During these times we'll be offering free tours and tastings, and you'll also be able to grab some of our super fresh beer to bring home with you.

For more information, please send us a message here on Facebook, email us at contact@castleislandbeer.com, or call us at 781.951.2029. Cheers!, A whole trailer of printed cans arrived this morning. From now on, Candlepin and Keeper will go into these bad boys., We open at noon today for free tastings, and have cans and merch available for sale. Hope you can join us!

Location: 31 Astor Ave, Norwood
Hours: 12pm-10pm
Contact: 781.951.2029, null, Alright, folks, here it is. We'll be opening our doors for business this Friday, 12/11, starting at 3pm. We'll have samples and cans available of our three launch beers, as well as merch for sale. Cash and credit cards both accepted.

Hours this weekend:
Friday: 3pm-10pm
Saturday: 12pm-10pm

Address:
31 Astor Ave., Norwood
Right off Rt. 1, at the corner of Carnegie and Astor.

Contact:
contact@castleislandbeer.com
781.951.2029

We look forward to seeing you soon. Cheers!, UPDATE: Final inspection passed. Doors will open for business Friday. Details forthcoming., Quick update, folks. We passed our fire inspection this morning and now just need our final building inspection before we can open our doors to the public. We're hoping to have this by the end of this week and open up for can and merch sales Friday/Saturday, but absent that very valuable piece of paper we can't commit to those dates just yet, so stay tuned. As soon as we're open, we'll have the following available for sale:

- Candlepin, our crushable, hoppy session ale (4.4% abv)
- Keeper, our spin on a New England-style IPA (6.5% abv)
- TBD, our unapologetically hoppy American stout (7.2% abv)
- All beers sold in 4 packs of 16oz cans, full cases available
- Plus t-shirts, glassware, hoodies, etc., Canning today, hopefully opening doors in a week for tours, tastings, and retail. So close., Early morning mash tun repairs, and not nearly enough coffee., Matt Young gettin' his scrub on. Lots to clean before we can brew, but it's looking like tomorrow is the big day., We're a little tight on time this week as we're putting the final touches on things to start brewing next week, so stay tuned as we keep you in the loop, 140 characters at a time., We're one Company away from being officially signed up!, All the feels., For those at home wondering how you tip one of these beastly tanks into place, we went ahead and filmed it, just for you., It's like delivery day all over again! Riggers are here tipping our tanks up, and they'll get moved into position on Monday. Starting to feel like a brewery in here..., If it wasn't real before, it is now. Just received our can proofs for Candlepin and Keeper, our two flagship beers that will be seeing the light of day in the very near future. Once we sign off on these, we should be seeing a full trailer load of 150,000 of these bad boys in about a month., Walls all studded out in the production space. Washable walls, here we come!, ICYMI on Monday, here's the video recap of Founder Adam's interview with Chris Furnari from Brewbound, with some quick shots of our newly renovated office space. #doyourhomework  #buildingabrewery, That feeling when 75 people descend upon your soon-to-open brewery to hear the wisdom and sage advice of industry pros producing some of the best beer in the region (Jack's Abby Brewing, Notch Brewing, Trillium Brewing Company)  #suchfeels, The State says we're good to go. Only thing to do now is finish construction, then we can fire up the brewhouse and get to work!, Prepping the floors for moisture barrier, rebar, then concrete. After that, we'll be going at a breakneck pace to get everything set up and online so we can start cranking out some delicious suds!, null, null, null, Today marks the official start of our newest team member, Matt Young! Matt's role as Brewery Assistant may not always be the most glamorous (here he is scrubbing the daylights out of our pilot fridge shelving), but it's incredibly critical, and he'll get to experience just about every production related task under our roof. Please help us in welcoming Matt to the team!, A couple of new additions to the webshop are officially on sale as of right this second. Get over there to place your order today and get some of the latest glassware to hit the Castle Island collection.

http://shop.castleislandbeer.com/collections/glassware, Better late than never, we now have an Instagram account! Keep tabs on us at @cibrewing and check out pics from our growing brewery!, Next delivery up. Any guesses? #buildingabrewery, A whole bunch of exciting announcements coming soon, but this one is easily the most exciting.

This week our team (formerly a one-man team) grows into a proper team (of two), as Matt DeLuca joins us as Head Brewer. Matt brings a wealth of experience to Castle Island, having spent nearly a decade at Harpoon Brewery in Boston, logging many brews under his belt. There's plenty of work to do, much of which has nothing to do with brewing, and Matt has wasted no time in getting right down to business. Please help us in welcoming Matt to the team!, Tank day 3 is in the books, and we’ve got a full house. Video coming soon., Tank day number 2. Now with even more tanks! #buildingabrewery, It’s Christmas in July! #buildingabrewery  #tanksfordatanks, It ain’t pretty, but at least nobody thinks we sell janatorial supplies anymore. Real sign coming soon., Sorry folks, no tanks today after all. Shipping delays and miscommunication do not a happy person make., Best way to start the day. #mondaymorningmashin, T-minus 5 days until 360 BBLs of fermentation lands at our door., ICYMI RT @BostInno: .@cibrewing opening in October
http://t.co/lL9h4cH7Ew
Sponsored by @GesmerUpdegrove http://t.co/qqZUqagf4v #suchfeels, Classy house warming gift from @JPPlunkett via @GiveThemBeerFL #cheers, Beautiful morning for a brew day. #castleisland, Without Freedom, American craft beer would probably suck. So be safe, have fun, and get out there to celebrate the #4thofJuly, Special deliveries make rainy Mondays infinitely better. http://ow.ly/i/bjS9u, An interesting and thought-provoking perspective on the term "Craft Beer". Definitely worth a quick read., Loan closed. Lease commenced. Let the games begin. #buildingabrewery, Federal permit application in. And now we wait..., 108.3% funded. Holy crap, it's happening. http://ow.ly/LAOul, Already on the wall at our new space. Guess we can take that off the punch list., Big Announcement from Castle Island, Brewhouse and cellar tanks ordered. Woot!, Final town approval received. Now just waiting for one last green light before we can announce the details of our newly-signed lease., Celebrating #stpaddys with some big news. Formal announcement to come soon, but in the meantime..., Whole bunch of great news to share, along with a surprise you probably didn't see coming. #staytuned #nextweek, ICYMI: Sam from Dogfish Head Brewery lays it out straight on the topic of ABInBev acquisitions of craft brands. Especially salient point on how heavy pricing cuts have the potential to cull variety. Expect to see more of this in the not-so-distant future., Castle Island Brewing Co. Newsletter)