List(Chipotle BBQ STEAK TIPS CHORIZO MASHED POTATOES TONIGHT!, Happy St Patrick's Day! Stop by for some green margaritas!, null, Happy National Margarita Day! Come get a coconut margarita at La Siesta today, null, Table-side mariachi for Valentine's Day! Saturday and Sunday from 6-9pm. Call for reservations!, Chipotle bbq steak tips with lobster mashed potatoes for our Valentine's special Saturday and Sunday, Don't forget to make reservations for Valentine's Day. We have specials for Saturday and Sunday night!, Valentine's Day specials next Saturday and Sunday call for reservations!, null, null, Watching the Patriots at La Siesta!, Enchiladas Mexicanas, Owner Martin Vasquez talking about his family recipes on phantom gourmet, Fajita Friday!, null, Patriots Party! 4:30 on Sunday.        $1 beef tacos! $5 buff chk nachos and $5 coconut margaritas in our bar or lounge, Patriots Party tomorrow! $5 buffalo chicken nachos, $1 tacos and $5 coconut margaritas in our bar and lounge, Join us this Thursday for a Patriots watch party with awesome specials!  Specials are available all night, only in the bar and lounge., null, Thank you Phantom Gourmet for posting this last week! Great picture of our jalapeño cucumber margarita., Mexican French Toast??!! Maybe we will sprinkle some cilantro on it to make it official., Treat Mom to a Mimosa this Mother's Day! Remember, you're the reason she drinks............................. Mother's Day Brunch 11:30am-3:30pm, null, I don't usually drink beer.... But when I do it's dos Equis at the Winthrop Cinco de Mayo festival! We are giving away 300 sombreros at the festival! #dosequis #winthrop #boston. Sunday May 3rd 3-6pm!, null, Uh oh... Did we create a Mexican Mai Tai Margarita? We sincerely apologize to your liver., EAT HEALTHY! NO CARB WEEKLY SPECIALS. This weeks special is scrambled eggs served with grilled chicken, pico de gallo, mushrooms and spinach topped with fresh salsa. Served Weds-Sat 11:30am-3:30pm, null, Phantom Gourmet will have a small feature on us tomorrow at 11a.m., make sure to watch it!, Try our new lunch sandwiches!, null, Tonight's Special! Grilled haddock and shrimp with sautéed broccoli and mushrooms in a tomato cream sauce served over lobster raviolis., null, Tonight's Special, Call to make a reservation for Mother's Day!, Seis de Mayo is never as fun, Happy Cinco de Mayo!, We open at 11:30am tomorrow! Bring your sombreros, serapes, and grow out your Mexican mustache!, New Menu Item. Ceviche!, Our new Spinach Salad! Served with a tamarind jalapeño dressing on the side., Tonight's Appetizer Special! Baby Scallops sautéed with mushrooms, tomatoes and bacon in a chipotle cream sauce. Serves with cilantro jalapeño garlic bread on the side., New Menu item starting next week. Fish Fajitas!, Ask for a wheat tortilla, Our research and development team hard at work, Soup on a rainy Thursday., We partnered with Colgate to create this brand. Would anyone try this?, Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips tonight!, Happy St Patrick's Day! Joya is making green margaritas., Try our St Patrick's Day Margarita on Saturday!, Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team?... because anyone who can run, jump or swim is already across the border', Coming soon...Tostadas de Pacifico, Martin respectfully declined my promotional idea of Wasted Wednesdays at la Siesta, I got a case of the Mexican Mondays, Heaven in your mouth. Cafe Patron Banana Split Martini, Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips..you know you want it, Don't Drink the Water!, TGIF, null, Valentines Day Special!, Do you want to be single? If your answer is no then make a Valentines Day reservation today!6178462300, null, Mexicans love winter!, Celebrating the Patriots win!, Enjoy the heat wave today. A scorching 50 degrees! Feels like Mexico out there., New Years Resolution: to not wear sombreros so often...., feliz navidad from the patriots http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=UFfCPaHVhUA, Champagne Sangria, It's not too late to get a gift certificate! We will be open from 1130am till 8 pm on Saturday in case you wait till the last minute, Sorry Tebow, but God loves brady too., Tonight's special!, Are you sick of Christmas music yet?, null, Mexican advice: Don't eat the street tacos in Mexico City., Celebrate our 5 year anniversary with us today and tomorrow~!, null, null, Tabasco sauce or jalapeno salsa?, Bruins Penguins tonight! Will Seguin score more goals than Crosby?, null, Free cheese nachos at the bar during the Patriots Game!, Carne Asada tonight!, null, Sick of turkey? We have Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips tonight., Thank you to our Veterans! If you come in with a military ID you get 50% off the food item you order., Congratulations to Sam, the winner of our Hallowen Costume Contest!, Carne Asada Night!, Send us your best mexican themed costumes!! We will give gift cards to the best ones. Email the pictures to lasiestarestaurante@verizon.net, No patriots today :(.  We have the next best thing. Pumpkin Martinis with Joya!, Saturday Night Seafood Special! Haddock, Shrimp, and Scallops served over Fettuccine in Jalapeno Lemon White Wine Sauce., Purchase $20 worth of la siesta for $10 at CBS Boston's local offer page
http://offers.cbslocal.com/coupon/d904ac9bcf07409abcbb06e27db2aaf3, We have Egg Battered Haddock and grilled Shrimp served over Lobster Raviolis in a Jalapeno Tomato Sauce tonight! Table-side Mariachi's too!, Have you ever called a chubby baby a chimichanga?, Who will win Monday Night football, Rams or Giants?, Tom Brady can wear UGGs whenever he wants as long as he keeps playing like he did yesterday. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=jaaZ6E8daVM#!, I bet you haven't had scallops wrapped in bacon like this before! Served over roasted garlic and shrimp raviolis in a chipotle cream sauce, with sauteed artichoke hearts, spinach, and tomatoes., Can't wait for football to start tomorrow!, Thank you Foxboro residents for sacrificing your electricity so we can enjoy the Patriots game tonight., LA SIESTA HURRICANE IRENE TOOL KIT! SOMBRERO- For the rain. SERAPE- to protect you from flying objects. MARGARITAS- for warmth and hydration. ENCHILADAS- Great source of protien. Are we missing anything important?, Friday Night Fish Special: Egg Battered Pan Fried Haddock with grilled shrimp sauteed mushrooms, spinach and onions in a jalapeno tomatoe cream sauce served with a stuffed yellow pepper on the side.  The yellow pepper is stuffed with crab meat, rice, poblano peppers and cheese., trying to figure out how expensive it would be to have a jacuzzi filled with the thursday chicken special sauce, Try our Gluten free beer., Blackened Pork Tips tonight!, wants this dog http://www.break.com/index/frisbee-diving-dog-2111518, Learn Spanish. Odio Los Yankees."I hate the Yankees", What would you like better? Cran Razz Yogurt Martini or Mandarin Creamsicle Margarita?, Our Steak Tip Stew could be the ultimate cure for a hangover for those of you who had a little to much fun last night. Poblano Steak Tips Stew with onions, poblano peppers and tomatoes. It also comes with white rice, beans, and tortillas on the side., If you could pick any item to fill a pool with what would it be? the siesta choice is tequila., Chicken Special Thursday! Also, we have grilled scallops over roasted garlic and shrimp raviolis with sauteed mushrooms, spinach, and tomatoes in a roasted poblano cream sauce., Bring a date or your family, because it's Mariachi Night! 6-9pm.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpRFYNkJv6I&feature=related, We have Egg Battered Haddock in a jalapeno cilantro cream sauce served over fettucini, with sauteed asparagus and baby shrimp.  We also have grilled chicken served over lobster raviolis with sauteed mushrooms, spinach, and tomatoes in a chipotle cream sauce., have a safe and happy fourth of july! We will be closed tomorrow and reopen on tuesday. http://www.break.com/break-classics/break-most-awesome/top-fireworks-fails.html, Tonight the chef marinated the pork special in his own secret recipe. He told me he would have to kill me if he told me. It may be the best pork I have ever had!, Get free cheese nachos when you check-in with us at https://foursquare.com/venue/231995, Sunday Seafood Pasta Special- Grilled Scallops, Shrimp, and Tilapia served over fettucini in a jalapeno garlic white wine sauce., Don't let the weather get you down! Enjoy the mariachi's at la siesta tonight. call for reservations.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_bX_aNRmi0&feature=related, Do you like our jalapeno or habanero salsa?, Check-in with us twice at https://foursquare.com/venue/231995 and get a free dessert, Hungry after the bruins parade?!  Tonight we have pan seared Cod in a caper jalapeno white wine sauce served with rice., Chicken Special Thursday! Also egg battered haddock in a lemon caper white wine sauce., Would you like tamarind jabanero wings?, null, Saturday Specials: Egg battered haddock with sauteed asparagus, pico de gallo, portobello mushrooms, and baby shrimp in jalapeno white wine sauce served over fettucini.  We also have Carne Asada served with rice, beans, and tortillas., Lets go Bruins!  Tonight we have pan seared sea scallops served over lobster ravilio's with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes and asparagus in a lemon caper cream sauce. We also have Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips., We now have Whole Wheat Tortillas! Make your burrito's healthier by requesting to have them with a whole wheat tortilla., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOwf3TDygkM, Finally the weekend! We have Chipotle BBQ Chicken Tips served with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and a side of chorizo mashed potatoes.  We also have a Fish Special that comes with 2 Haddock Fillets dipped in egg batter and pan fried, with sauteed asparagus, pico de gallo, and baby shrimp in a jalapeno white wine sauce served over fettucini., watch the bruins at La Siesta tonight!!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGeKSiCQkPw, Happy Mother's Day!! We will be open all day today.  Table-side Mariachi music from 6-9pm.  It's never to late to make a reservation!, Have a safe and happy Cinco De Mayo!!!, Should we get whole wheat tortillas for our burritos?, Starting Monday we will be doing nightly drawings for a $20 giftcard. Come in one day or multiple days next week and fill out a raffle slip. In honor of cinco de mayo we will be giving away one every night from May 2nd to May 8th., Tonight we have Tilapia Diabla, served in a chipotle tomatoe sauce!  Don't forget, we will not be open on Easter Sunday., La Siesta Restaurante red sox play at 7 tonight.  Come watch the game at our new lounge.  We added another flat screen tv and more seating in the bar for you to watch the game!, Which team do you think will do better in playoffs?, What is your favorite movie that took place in Mexico?, Table-side Mariachi tonight! Call now for reservations! 6pm-9pm, I know its friday but do people really like this song?!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD2LRROpph0, What do you like better? Chicken Special or Fajitas?, Feliz San Patricio!  Our specials today give a nod to our Irish side.  Mexican Beef Stew with Roasted Poblano Peppers, Carrots & Potatoes  served with Rice & Beans & Flour Tortillas.  Mexican Corned Beef Torta with Avocado, Jalapeno Pickles, Swiss Cheese, Chipotle Mayo, Lettuce & Tomato Served on Mexican Bread Fresh Baked today with a side of French Fries.  We also have Cabbage Soup., La Siesta Tonight we have our Carne Asada Special! Marinated grilled steak served with rice, beans, guacamole, pico de gallo and flour tortillas.  Don't forget if you dine between 4:30pm and 5:30pm this special is only $11.95!, Do you love our salsa?! Next time your in ask for a pint of it to bring home.  I use it on my eggs in the morning! What do you put salsa on besides chips?, La Siesta Saturday night Specials! Try our near Steak Tampiqueno!, Tonight we have a mouth watering new special! Boneless Pork Chop stuffed with chorizo and spinach topped with a tamarindo sauce and grilled asparagus, served with chipotle mashed potatoes on the side., Have you tried our Sangria Margarita? It's not on the menu, so next time your in make sure you ask your server!, La Siesta We will have our singers tonight and tommorrow after 6pm!  Call for reservations! http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=10150096180191094&oid=164525206956&comments, Would you drink a bacon pineapple jalapeno margarita?http://www.thefoodinmybeard.com/2010/04/bacon-pineapple-jalapeno-margaritas.html, Today is the first day of our early bird specials! Come in between 4:30 and 5:30 today and you can get our famous Chicken Special for only $11.95!, La Siesta Starting this Thursday through Saturday we will have early bird specials from 4:30pm-5:30pm!, Should La Siesta employees wear sombreros?, null, Sunday and Monday Valentines Day Drink Specials, The table-side singers will start at 6pm on Saturday and 5:30pm on Sunday.  Our specials on those days include the following:
-Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips served with chorizo mashed potatoes
-Tortilla Crusted Lobster Raviolis served with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and asparagus in a jalapeno cream sauce topped with grilled shrimp and scallops.
-For dessert: (Mexican Bananas Fosters), Celebrate your Valentines Day with us this weekend! We will have table-side singers Saturday and Sunday night.. Also on Monday we will have great valentines day dinner specials and desserts.  Call for reservations before its to late., La Siesta Pictures , Martin's favorite margarita is Tamarind... Have you tried it yet? In case your wondering what tamarind is, here you go!http://www.bijlmakers.com/fruits/tamarind.htm, We are open until 7 tonight.. Order take out for the big game.  Our chipotle wings are a great way to spice up your superbowl party!!, Tonight we have a blackened Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and asparagus served over linguine in a jalapeno cream sauce... Call for reservations for the weekend., We will be open for Superbowl Sunday from 4pm- 7pm.  Pre-order your take out for the big game!, Are you a chimichanga or enchilada person?, We have our Chipotle BBQ Steak Tip Special served with chorizo mashed potatoes!!, Enjoy our Chicken Special tonight!! Watch the playoff games at our bar or request to be seated in the kitchen side of the restaurant!, Whats your favorite Margarita?, Tonights specials are chipotle BBQ pork tips with carmelized onions and sauteed muchrooms served with a side of lobster mashed potatoes. Also panseared tilaia with mushrooms, pico de gallo, and poblano peppers in a lemon capper white wine sauce topped with two tortilla crusted butterfly shrimp., New Years Eve Specials:
-Mexican Jamabalaya
-Chicken Special
-Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips With Lobster Mashed Potatoes
Appetizer Special
-4 Tortilla Crusted Shrimp Served with Sweet and Sour Chipotle Dipping Sauce

Call for reservations!, It's not to late!! Call and make reservations for New Years Eve!  We will have table side mexican mariachi music...., The blizzard is over.  Get out of the house and enjoy our dinner specials and Monday night football at the bar!, Feliz Navidad!!!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihW56Xa3XGQ, Come to siesta for Monday night Football! We have grilled peices of salmon served over lobster raviolis with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and lobstermeat in a lemon caper cream sauce....If you come with a friend and sit at the bar you will get a free order of cheese nachos, just tell George at the bar., Thank you to everyone who came to celebrate our anniversary with us! The Mariachi singers were amazing! next week we will have this for entertainment....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP-YLUU7-UE, Don't forget we have the Mariachi's coming in tonight! We also have a pan seared filet of salmon topped with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo in a caper lemon cream sauce over rice!!, Wants to thank all of our loyal costumers!! This weekend is our four year anniversary and we would like you to come celebrate it with us.  We will have mariachi's playing table side Friday and Saturday night.  We have the best and friendliest costumers, that truley make coming to this restaurant a great experience.http://www.hiddenboston.com/LaSiesta.html
, Lets go Patriots!!!!  The game isn't on util 8:30 so don't watch it on an empty stomach! Come in and eat a football size chimichanga or order take out for the big game!

Warning:Chimichangas may be as big as a football but they do not spiral even if you are wearing a tom brady jersey, Come eat at the bar tonight with Joya as your bartender and watch the bruins play Toronto! We have tortilla crusted sea scallops served over lobster raviolis in a chipotle cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms, spinach, and tomatoes.  Our other special is an all time favorite of our costumers! Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips with caramalized onions and mushrooms served with delicious blue cheese mashed potatoes on the side., Come in for LIVE table side music from 6-9.  We also have our mouth watering mexican jumbalaya.  Grilled Chicken, Shrimp, Scallops, and Chorizo tossed with rice in a lobster cream sauce with mushrooms, pico de gallo, and mexican spices., Start your December off with tonights Seafood Margarita! Sauteed sea scallops, shrimp, lobster meat, calamari, mushrooms, poblano peppers, and pico de gallo in a tequila lime cream sauce served over fettuccine., Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!  After a day of shopping on black friday take a break and enjoy are blackened salmon special served over lobster raviolis in a jalapeno cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo., Wants to wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving! We will not be open tommorrow.  We will be serving our Chicken Special tonight instead.  We also have Sauteed Shrimp and Scallops served over Lobster Raviolis with sauteed tomatoes, mushrooms, and asparagus in a roasted poblano pepper caper lemon cream sauce., Enjoy Sunday football and our Fajitas Alambre! Grilled chicken, steak, peppers, onions, tomatoes, and chorizo topped with melted cheese served on a sizzling platter., This may be the best steak tip special we have ever
had!....... Steak tips topped with portabella mushrooms, Poblano peppers, asparagus,
caramelized onions, and blue cheese crumbles. 
Served with a side of our delicious
chorizo mashed potatoes.  We also have
pan seared sea scallops served over lobster raviolis with sautéed mushrooms,
tomatoes, and spinach in a chipotle cream sauce., Fire up your weekend with our Mexican Jambalaya!!Grilled Shrimp, Scallops, and Chicken with sauteed chorizo, mushrooms, and pico de gallo all tossed together with rice in our home made lobster cream sauce., Thank you to all of those who are currently serving and those who have served for our military!  Bring in your military ID and get half off your dinner when you dine in thursday, friday, and saturday this week., Come in and try our thursday chicken special while watching the celtics beat Lebron and Miami again!, Monday Night Football at La Siesta!... Try out Chipotle BBQ Steak tips with caramelized mushrooms and onions served with roasted potatoes., Everyone has been loving the Chicken Special, so we decided to have our cooks make it again tonight! We also have sauteed shrimp served over lobster raviolis in a jalapeno cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo., Tonight we have our Chicken Special and we have a pan seared tilapia served over lobster raviolis in a jalepeno cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo., Tonight we have Grilled Chicken served over lobster Raviolis in a chipotle cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach.  We also have a pan seared tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and baby shrimp in a lobster cream sauce served with rice., Tonight we have Grilled Chicken and Shrimp with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach in a chipotle cream sauce over tri-colored cheese tortellini.  We also have a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and crab meat in a jalapeno cream sauce over rice., Celtics vs Heat!  Come and enjoy Margaritas at the bar with George!  We have Tamarind BBQ Steak Tips with Caramelized Onions and Mushrooms with a side a Chorizo Mashed Potatoes and Pan Seared Tilapia with Sautéed Mushrooms, Zucchini, Yellow Squash and Tomatoes in a Chipotle Tomato sauce over Tri Colored Cheese Tortellini., Come in and enjoy monday night football at the bar with George! The Chefs came up with some great specials tonight.. We have Honey Chopotle BBQ Steak Tips with caramalized mushrooms and onions served with poblano mashed potatoes on the side.  We also have Grilled Shrimp and Scallops in a spicy diabla tomatoe sauce served over tri colored cheese tortellini with sauteed zucchini, summer squash, and artichoke hearts., We have a great seafood special tonight! Sauteed Shrimp, Sea Scallops, Calamari, Mushrooms, and Pico De Gallo in a lobster cream sauce served over homemade fettuccine.

Another reason we do not recommend or encourage our customers to use pinatas after drinking tequila.....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1wUYN3s_S0&feature=related, Free Cheese Nachos or Fried Ice Cream tonight! Just show your stub from the Winthrop Yacht Club Ladies Night Out, one per table please. Don’t forget to order our Famous Chicken Special tonight!, Come in and try our Shrimp A LA Diablo tonight!! It has grilled shrimp with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach in a fiery chipotle cream sauce served over homemade fettuccine.  We also have Chipotle BBQ Steak Tips topped with caramalized onions and mushrooms served with blue cheese mashed potatoes.  Don't forget to join Caitlin at the bar tonight its her birthday friday!...., Siesta Supports Siestas!!!....and margaritas.
http://www.cnn.com/video/?/video/world/2010/10/15/goodman.siesta.cnn, Free Cheese Nachos on Monday and Tuesday if you come with a friend with the order of two margaritas or two dinners at the bar., Come join Joya at the bar for Sunday Night Footbal at La Siesta! Try our Salmon Special Tonight!! We have a blackened salmon with sauteed scallops, baby shrimp, mushrooms, scallions, and artichoke hearts in a roasted poblano cream sauce served over rice.  We also have breaded and fried chicken strips over homemade fettuccine in a chipotle cream sauce with sauted mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach., Its the weekend, we got great margaritas and dinner specials.  Except don't have too many margaritas or you will end up like this guy! We have our famous Chicken Special.  We also have Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Shrimp with sauteed calamari, mushrooms and pico de gallo in a cilantro pesto sauce served over fettuccine.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWuV1EP6IdM, Come join George at the bar with a friend tonight and get free cheese nachos with the order of two margaritas...Don't forget to try our specials!! We have Grilled Chicken served over Lobster Raviolis in a chipotle cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach.  We also have a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, asparagus, and baby shrimp in a avacado cream sauce served with rice., Our Chipotle BBQ Steak Tip Special is delicous! It comes with caramalized onions and mushrooms served with our homemade lobster mashed potatoes.  We also have a Pan Seared Tilapia topped with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, asparagus, and baby shrimp in a jalapeno cream sauce served over rice., Start the long weekend off with a dinner at La Siesta!  Tonight we have a Pasta Special for $16.95. Grilled pieces of Chicken and Shrimp with sauteed Mushrooms, Tomatoes and Spinach in a Chipotle Cream Sauce over Tri-Color Cheese Tortellini.  Our Tilapia Special, $15.95, is pan seared Tilapia with sauteed Mushrooms, Pico de Gallo, Asparagus, Capers and Crabmeat in an Avocado Cream Sauce and served with Rice., It is cold and rainy out ...........Come HEAT up with our Chipotle Chicken Fajita Special.  It comes on a sizzling platter with crispy chicken tenders tossed in a chipotle sauce served over peppers, onions, and tomatoes topped with blue cheese crumbles.  We also have Grilled Sea Scallops and Shrimp with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach in a chipotle cream sauce served over tri colored cheese tortellini., Lets go Pats! Don't forget on Mondays and Tuesdays bring a friend and with the order of two margaritas at the bar you get a free order of cheese nachos.  Just tell the bartender you heard about this offer on facebook., Come in and watch sunday football at the bar!  We also have a Carne Asada special tonight served with grilled scallions, rice, beans, and flour tortillas.  Our other special is grilled strips of chicken served over lobster raviolis in a chipotle cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach!, Monday night specials are unbelievable!  We have Grilled Scallops with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach served over lobster raviolis in a lobster cream sauce.  We also have a Pan Seared Chicken breast in a lemon caper white wine sauce topped with melted mozzarella cheese and sauteed mushrooms, poblano peppers, and pico de gallo!!!, Starting today if you sit at the bar with a friend and order two margaritas you will get a complimentry order of cheese nachos with the password "tequila"!  This special offer will occur only on Mondays and Tuesdays at the bar., Start your weekend off with LIVE MUSIC at La Siesta!!  We will have two table side singers from 6:30-9:30 and we have great specials this evening.  We will be serving a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, capers in a lemon cream sauce over lobster raviolis.  We have our Chicken Special tonight too!, Happy Thursday!  We have the singers tonight and tomorrow night!  It's Thursday, so we are having our Chicken Special as well as Pan Seared Tilapia with Sauteed Mushrooms, Pico de Gallo and Crabmeat in a Cilantro Pesto Cream Sauce served with Rice.  Both are $15.95, Tonight we have Pan Seared Tilapia served over lobster raiviolis in a cilantro cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and caramalized onions.  We also will be serving our Chicken Special tonight., Thursday night Chicken Special!!  We also have a Pan Seared Tilapia served over lobster raviolis in a jalapeno cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo!, We have Grilled Pieces of Chicken with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach in a chipotle cream sauce served over lobster raviolis and we have a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and crabmeat in an avacado cream sauce served with rice, Tonight we have breaded and fried strips of chicken served over lobster raviolis with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach in a chipotle cream sauce.  We also have  Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and crab meat in a lemon cream sauce over rice., Tonight we have egg battered shrimp served over lobster raviolis in a tequila caper lemon sauce with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo.  We also will be serving the chicken cutlet special tonight!, Come in and watch the football games at our bar! Tonight we have Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed pico de gallo, zucchini, and summer squash in a chipitole Parmesan cream sauce served with rice.  We also have breaded and fried chicken strips served over tri colored cheese tortellini with sauteed mushrooms, spinach, and onions in a jalapeno cream sauce, Tonight we are serving our Chicken Special and Pan Seared Tilapia served over Lobster Raviolis with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo in an avocado cream sauce., The Weekend is finally here! Come in and try our Pasta Special.  The Pasta Special has  grilled chicken with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach in a lobster cream sauce served over tri colored cheese tortellini.  We also have Pan Seared Scallops served over breaded and fried lobster raviolis in a jalapeno cream sauce with sauteed mushrooms and pico de gallo., Happy Thursday!  We have our Chicken Cutlet Special tonight as well as Pan Seared Tilapia wtih sauteed Mushrooms, Tomatoes, Roasted Poblano Peppers and Baby Shrimp in a White Wine Lemon sauce served with Rice., Tonight we have a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and baby shrimp in a avacado cream sauce served with rice and we also have our Chicken Cutlet Special, Tonight we have our Chicken Cutlet Special and Pan Seared Sea Scallops with sauteed portobello mushrooms, pico de gallo, and spinach in a jalapeno cream sauce served over breaded and fried lobster raviolis, There is only one way to enjoy a hurricane......Great margaritas and dinner specials! Tonight we Have Grilled Chicken served over lobster raviolis with sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes, and spinach in a chipotle cream sauce.  We also have a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and baby shrimp in a caper lemon cream sauce served with rice., Come in and try our Chicken Cutlet Special and we have a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and baby shrimp in a avacado cream sauce served with rice, Tonight we have our Chicken Cutlet Special and a Pan Seared Tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, and baby shrimp served in a jalapeno cream sauce over rice, Tonight we have our famous Chicken Cutlet Special and Mexican Jumbalaya for our restaurant week specials!, Our restaurant week specials are Mexican Jumbalaya and a pan-seared tilapia with sauteed mushrooms, pico de gallo, baby shrimp, in a jalapeno cream sauce served with rice, La Siesta Pictures , Tonight our restaurant week specials are Mexican Jumbalaya and we have a breaded and fried chicken breast topped with sauteed baby shrimp, mushrooms, and tomatoes in a chipotle cream sauce served with rice!, Tonight our restaurant week specials are Mexican Jumbalaya and slowly cooked pork with carrots, onions, and tomatoes in a chipotle tomato cream sauce served over tri colored cheese tortellini!, Try our restaurant week specials! Three course dinner for $20.10!  Tonight we have our famous chicken special and mexican jumbalya.  Both meals are served with a ceasar salad and our apple burrito desert., Check out our new website! http://lasiestarestaurante.com/, Summer isn't over yet! Come beat the heat with one of our delicious pomegranate margaritas!, ITS NOT TO LATE! COME IN AND GET GIFT CERTIFICATES! WERE OPEN TILL 7PM TODAY!, La Siesta Pictures , Come in and join us December 11th and 12th to celebrate La Siesta's 3 year anniversary!  We will have a mariachi band playing throughout the night! If you say the secret password "Durango" you will recieve the specialty desert of the night for free! We will also be serving the famous chicken special. Call ahead for reservations. Hope to see you there!, Happy Thanksgiving to all!  La Siesta will be closed tommorrow for Thanksgiving and will be reopening friday at 5p.m., La Siesta Pictures , Check out our Restaurant reviews at Yelp!

http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-siesta-winthrop, Come in and try our Nightly Specials!, Free Lunch Give Away! -Weekly free lunch give away. -Submit your email address and get entered in to win a free lunch -One person will be randomly selected to win each week, LUNCH SPECIALS!!!! SERVED 11:30a.m.-3:30p.m. Huevos (Eggs) Rancheros Burrito $5.95 Huevos (Eggs) with Chorizo $6.50 Chicken Wrap $7.50 Chilaquiles Verdes con Pollo $6.95 Soup and Salad $6.95 Cup of Chicken Tortilla Soup and a small Garden Salad Fajitas Steak $10.95 Chicken $9.95 Shrimp $11.95 Vegetarian $7.95, Check Out our menu!!

http://lasiestarestaurante.com/docs%5Cmenu.pdf)