List(Join us at Hatch Shell in Boston for India Day
http://bit.ly/1WvUq5C, Have you tried our Malai Shrimp Cocktail? Jumbo shrimp marinated in cream and cooked over charcoal in tandoor., What Americans Totally Don't Get About Indian Food

https://www.yahoo.com/food/this-food-blogger-wants-to-educate-america-about-124592269326.html, World Class Catering from our One World Cuisine group of restaurants. We are just one call away: 617-661-6300., null, Our delicacies:, HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY!
http://bit.ly/1T3I4Pu, CHICKEN SAAG: Try our mouthwatering chicken saag! Saag is an Indian curry cooked with spinach or similar greens., Do not worry. We have covered it all for your best dining experience!

http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/eats/fed-ban-indian-chili-peppers-cools-local-cuisine-article-1.2253910, HAPPY FATHERS DAY!, Summer special drink Mango martini at Bukhara Indian bistro, Special Chicken Satay at Bukhara Indian Bistro.., Check out our website 
http://www.bukharabistro.com/, Try our most popular item Vegetable Korma 
( Mixed vegetables cooked with cream and spices), We are accepting Mothers day reservation , Please call Bukhara
 617-522-2195,..., God could not be every where so he made mothers.-Rudyard Kipling

Please celebrate this special day at Bukhara Indian Bistro. Mom eats for free., Every Dollar counts, Please donate, Garlic naan bread flavored with fresh garlic and coriander, Meal without Garlic Naan is not a complete meal., Hey Jamaica Plain ,
      We have a new delivery portal powered by Chownow. Place your delivery order from here, its easy and fast. 
https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=2236, Hey cheese lovers, We have something called Paneer Chilli (Homemade cheese cooked in Indian chilli curry) only in Bukhara..., This is how Bukhara's thali looks like,, https://www.otrestaurant.com/marketing/ReservationWidget/Widgets?aid=null&rid=1449&rnm=Bukhara+Indian+Bistro+(1449)%2C+Boston+%2F+New+England&lang=&c=US
Make a reservation through Open table, Now introducing Bukhara Special Biryani..., 50s and Sunny out today , How can you say no to Mango Lassy,,,, Mango Basil Chicken , (Cooked with fresh Mango ,flavored with basil) for Dinner why not? Its healthy and mouthwatering,,,, https://www.otrestaurant.com/marketing/ReservationWidget/Widgets?aid=null&rid=1449&rnm=Bukhara+Indian+Bistro+(1449)%2C+Boston+%2F+New+England&lang=&c=US
Make a reservation today through Open table, Join for the BAO, Vegetables are a must on diet , so we suggest you to come to Bukhara and try our Mix vegetable Grill,, Vegetables marinated baked in our Tandoor, Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like , so guys  come and enjoy our delicious Aloo Tikki Chaat , Spicy potato patties in chicken peas and yogurt.., And its the time to stop at Bukhara and enjoy our delicious Weekend special  Brunch Buffet, Yes its Friday, Time for Mango Margarita and Indian Chat, Make a reservation through Open table and let Bukhara make your Evening Delicious https://www.otrestaurant.com/marketing/ReservationWidget/Widgets?aid=null&rid=1449&rnm=Bukhara+Indian+Bistro+(1449)%2C+Boston+%2F+New+England&lang=&c=US, Check out our website, http://bukharabistro.com/, Know what goes perfectly with all our lunch buffet dishes (besides naan, of course)? A bowl of Kashmiri Pulao to soak it all up! (Nuts, peas, and fruit cooked in a ginger-scented rice pilaf.), Lentils sauteed in butter with fresh herbs and spices? Sounds like you’re getting in your protein at lunch today with some Dal Makhni!, Cubes of tender goat meat cooked in a thick gravy of exotic spices and herbs… our delicious Goat Curry is on special this week!, We’re putting out fresh buffet dishes right now, ready for you to get all you can eat at 11:30! What’ll be on your plate? Show us pics on Instagram by tagging @bukharabistro., We’re celebrating India’s 66th Republic Day! Find us at Burlington High School, where we’ll join the IAGB in honoring the many wonderful facets of our country’s culture!, We’re here for you in your time of hunger - and Foodler is, too! Order in so you don’t have to go out, and enjoy some tasty Indian food with your Netflix :), A spicy bowl of chole could really turn your day around… Don’t believe us? Try it out and see for yourself :), This was taken before Mother Nature dumped a boatload of snow on us… but it’s still a beautiful photo of Jamaica Pond - one of the prettiest places in the neighborhood :)

Photo by @palomamarizz., Good morning JP! We hope you woke up to a beautiful winter wonderland today (and not your car buried up to the roof). 

Bukhara and our sister restaurants are closed due to the storm, we wish everyone a fun snow day!, One of our favorite apps is on special this week! It’s Aloo Papri Chaat, a delicious bowl of spiced potatoes and fried wheat wafers., WEEKEND SPECIAL: Chicken 65!

This is a spicy, deep-fried chicken dish originating from Chennai - available as a quick snack, or an entree if you can take the heat!, Shrimp + Garlic.... two words have never looked so beautiful together. They taste pretty great, too. See for yourself at dinner tonight!, Your lunch, your choice - of veggie samosas (stuffed with potatoes and peas) or meat (minced lamb)! Eat them with your hands, it’s encouraged :), Switch up your usual meal at Bukhara and try our Chinese-influenced Gobhi Manchurian, with minced cauliflower dumplings tossed in a spicy cilantro-soy sauce!, TONIGHT: We’re serving up some Chicken Vindaloo - boneless chicken cooked with potatoes in a tangy sauce!, One way to get your protein in at dinner… Chana Saag! This meal of chickpeas and greens will keep you full, satisfied, and most importantly, healthy!, A special meal for a special customer - Seekh Kebab! This week, enjoy finely minced lamb season with chopped onions, herbs, and spices, baked on skewers in our Tandoor., We know you’re still getting iced coffee in this frigid weather, so mango ice cream should be right up your alley!, Naan doesn’t just go in a regular oven; it’s baked in a tandoor until it has the perfect balance of soft and a little bit crispy!, We have plenty of meat-lover’s dishes, but this platter’s for the vegetarians! Enjoy an assortment of pakoras, samosas, and tikkas just for you :), A famous Bombay snack is available at the buffet today! It’s Pav Bhaji, made with potatoes, cauliflower, peas, carrots, tomatoes, beans and onions!, What’s that sizzling sound you hear? Oh, just the hot plate coming to your table with hot Tandoori rack of lamb!, Sometimes you gotta just close your eyes, sip on a Lime Rickey, and pretend it’s warm outside and you’re sitting by the beach. We’ve been doing it for the last two weeks! ;), And the award for Special of the Week goes to….

Mixed Veggies! Mom would be so proud!, We’ve got all your favorite dishes at the buffet today, including chicken tikka, saag paneer, and Tandoori chicken! Join us between 11:30 and 3:00!, It’s not a proper lunch buffet without the finishing touch… gulab jamun! Enjoy this sweet dessert at the end of your meal - fried dough soaked in rosewater syrup!, Just want to stop in for a snack? Grab some veggie samosas and wash ‘em down with a fruity mango lassi before you get on with your Friday!, Every day at the buffet you can get a basket of naan along with your meal! Choose from plain, garlic, basil and poppy seed, chili mozzarella, chicken, keema, and more!, Let’s forget about the cold for a while… come on in and enjoy a fresh and fruity lassi that’ll take you away to the warm days of summer!, It’s always a good day for a bowl of hot curry :), Tell all your friends, sing it from the rooftops, yell it from the mountains… Mango Basil Chicken is on special this week!, You can still stick to your New Year’s resolutions when you eat out - just try some Baingan do Aloo, a vegetarian dish with twice-cooked eggplant, potatoes, cilantro, and scallions!, Is there anything that cures winter blues better than a chocolate souffle? Warm chocolate cake surrounds a gooey fudge center, topped with vanilla ice cream to make your worries fade away!, Eat as many (natural) colors as you can throughout the day - it’s healthy for you! Red and green peppers and cilantro brighten up our Hakka Noodles, with your choice of chicken included as well., Happy New Year! Feeling less-than-stellar after a fun night ringing in 2015? We’ve got the cure… a plate of deep-fried treats that’ll make you feel like a million bucks., Hungry yet? Get to Bukhara for our special New Year’s Eve dinner! 

Our four-course meal is just $55 per couple (or $75 with wine pairing)!, null, STOP THE PRESSES, we’ve got great news!

Aloo Bindi is on special this week!, Happy Sunday! Time for all-you-can-eat samosas… also known as the most satisfying way to spend a weekend afternoon :), Vegetable pakora, chicken pakora, paneer pakora… we’ve got all your favorite fried treats available for your Saturday snack time!, Lassis come in all types of flavors, but our favorite is mango! We love the creaminess of the drink mixed with the summer fruit’s tropical taste. Say it with us... YUM, Merry Christmas Jamaica Plain! We are serving a special dinner menu tonight, feel free to join us for the holiday :) Menu here: http://on.fb.me/1rdG65h #OpenInBOS, Holidays stressing you out? Come to the buffet, eat all you want, and relax with a refreshing Kingfisher beer!, Is there anything easier than a gift card? Buy it online, send it to your best pal, and voila! INSTANT happiness and eventual deliciousness. http://bit.ly/1HTB1Ek

Or if you’d rather join your friend for a holiday meal, we’ll be open Christmas Day with this special dinner menu :) http://on.fb.me/1rdG65h, If you think you’re going to be housing a bunch of junk food later this week, you’ll definitely want to eat well before then! On special this week is Shahi Navratan Korma, with nine fresh garden vegetables sautéed with ginger, garlic and onion in a creamy tomato sauce!, The only place you can feel the heat in December is at our lunch buffet! Escape the cold and enjoy our hot and spicy dishes at the buffet until 3pm.

Photo by @elbell444., How do you Thali?

We have vegetarian thali platters for one and two, and offer special dinners and *royal* thali dinner options, too! Don’t ever say we don’t treat you like princes and princesses :), Did you know we provide world-class catering services for private parties, weddings, corporate events, and functions for groups ranging from 10 to 1,000 people? 

We design and prepare customized menus, food, and drinks no matter what the occasion! Email pooja@oneworldcuisine.com to learn more about our packages., Still haven’t eaten lunch? STARVING?? 

Our lunch buffet is still going strong! Pile up your plate as high as you like until 3pm!

Photo by @stephies86., Not sure what to get for lunch? Try one of our thali platters, which have an assortment of dishes for you to sample, including two entrees, rice pullao, raita, naan, dessert and coffee or tea!, Happy Holidays from One World Cuisine! We will be open on Christmas Day with this special dinner menu for you and your loved ones. Make reservations today!

(This menu will also be available New Year’s Eve.), Looking for lunch options in Jamaica Plain? Check out our latest dish on special this week - Kofta! Your choice of meat or vegetable balls cooked in a creamy nut sauce with vegetables and spices., Get thee to the buffet to find Pav Bhaji, famous Bombay-style potatoes, cauliflower, peas, carrots, tomatoes, beans and onions! Can’t make it before 3? It’s available for dinner, too, spiced to your liking :), This ain’t your average chicken and rice… it’s Murg Biryani, with delicious nuts and spices! Also available with vegetables, shrimp, lamb, or beef., Flying Horse beer is *made* to go with Indian meals! This Bangalore brew is sweet and malty with a hint of hops, and just happens to be perfect alongside a hot bowl of chicken tikka :), Tell us, what’s your favorite type of naan?

Plain, garlic, basil and poppy seed, chili mozzarella… can’t choose? Luckily we have them all :), Bhel is a Mumbai regional specialty and one of our favorite snacks showing India’s cultural diversity! This mixture of puffed rice, gram flour sev, crushed poories, tomatoes and onions is served with hot and sweet chutneys., Spend more to save more! FREE $10 gift card with $50 gift card purchase OR $20 gift card with $100 purchase! http://bit.ly/1HTB1Ek, The best meal you’ve had in Jamaica Plain this week is cooking up in our kitchen! Come and get Tandoori Shrimp, on special!, Just because it’s cold doesn’t mean you still can’t enjoy your favorite flavors of summer. Our Mango Basil Chicken will take you away to your favorite season, if only for a few bites :), What’s the best companion to your Indian meal? An Indian lager, of course! We serve Taj Mahal at our bar, ice cold and refreshing for your Saturday night :), That’s some fine lookin’ Tandoori chicken on that plate! It can be all yours at dinner, you’ve earned it after a long week. See you tonight!, If you’re looking for something a little more comforting than Tandoori vegetables, try our Vegetarian Platter! This assortment of veggie pakoras, samosas, tikkas, should hit the spot :), Dessert, anyone? We’ve got (clockwise) mango mulbaa sundae, mango ice cream, gulab jamun, and ras malai for your next celebration, or any time you feel like indulging!, There are plenty of great places to shop local during the holidays, like our neighbors Papercuts, JP, Boomerangs, KITCHENWITCH and more. We also offer gift cards if you need some stocking stuffers! Get them online: http://bit.ly/1HTB1Ek, This week’s special is Aloo Chole - whole chickpeas and potato balls cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices!, Fresh mango juice is the best way to start off the day… especially if it’s followed by a plate of all your favorite Indian food at the buffet!, We’ve got a ton of vegetarian dishes on the menu - and plenty of vegan ones, too! Our new favorite is tofu do piaza, pan-roasted with onions, peppers, and spices., The most important meal of the day starts with naan… so basically every meal is extremely important :), Happy Thanksgiving! Sticking around town today? We’ll be serving Tandoori turkey if you want to get in the holiday spirit!, Don’t you want to be the favorite this holiday season? We have your secret weapon… a gift card to Bukhara!, Everything just tastes better when cooked in a Tandoor, don’t you think? Today, we’re loving our Tandoori mixed veggie plate, with barbecued cauliflower, tomatoes, onions, squash, green peppers, mushrooms, broccoli and zucchini!, On special this week is our Hakka Noodle Bowl with your choice of chicken or vegetables!, We will be open on Thanksgiving with our regular hours! We’ll be happy to host you and your loved ones, and yes, we will have turkey - Tandoori turkey!, If you thought our lunch buffet couldn’t get any more exciting, our brunch buffet will knock your socks off. Why? Because we have DOSAS!, Your reward for making it through a long, cold week? Cocktails! We have a full bar that just happens to go beautifully with your dinner ;), Getting takeout? No need to bundle up to come and get it, we’ll bring your order to you!, Have you tried one of our thali plates? It’s a full meal with a wide array of dishes to sample. For the vegetarian thali, you  can enjoy vegetable soup, samosas, choice of two vegetarian entrees, raita, rice pullau, poori, dessert, and tea or coffee!, Did you know that some people consider Chicken Tikka Masala the “ultimate spicy comfort food”? If you’re one of those people, it’s a good thing we have it available every day at our buffet!, Our Chicken Chili special isn’t the only thing that’s awesome about today…

On Mondays and Tuesdays, you get DOUBLE POINTS when you use your Bukhara loyalty card! Don’t have one? Just ask our host!, Vegans - we’ve got your meals covered! Start off with a delicious medley of seasonal vegetables cooked with a variety of Indian spices!, DING, DING! Dinner’s ready! We’re having Shahi Navratan Korma, with nine fresh garden vegetables sautéed with ginger, garlic and onion in a creamy tomato sauce!, Fresh-cut veggies dipped in chickpea batter and fried to crispy perfection… this might just be our favorite vegetarian snack :), Tonight’s a good night to relax before an exciting weekend! Let us do the work for you, order takeout on Foodler: http://bit.ly/1mkfwyK, One samosa, two samosa, three samosa, four… on your plate at the buffet, because samosas are all-you-can-eat from 11:30 to 3:00!, Saag paneer is one of our go-to dishes, but we like to switch it up at the buffet sometimes and offer saag chana! The spinach dish swaps out cheese for chickpeas, cooked with exotic Indian spices!, A very special SPECIAL for you this week - Seekh Kebab! Finely minced lamb, season with chopped onions, herbs, and spices, then baked on skewers in our Tandoor., Looking for a mid-day snack? Chole bhature looks overwhelming, but once you pull apart the puffed-up bread, the air inside is released to give you a light, delicious way to scoop up your chickpeas!, Today, witness a delicious union of your two favorite foods at the brunch buffet: Naan + Saag Paneer!, Aloo Bhindi is the way to go tonight! Fresh okra mixed with potatoes and spices is a healthy way to fill up for dinner :), Sometimes you just need a plate full of chocolate, we get it. Our chocolate souffle is here for you, with an ooey, gooey chocolate center, too!, What to scoop up with your naan today? We suggest some mattar paneer! (Fresh green peas cooked with cubes homemade cheese, herbs, and light spices.), Now that the seasons have changed, we want a little reminder of when it used to be WARM! Mango lassis are perfect for a little summer nostalgia :), Are you ready for some Chicken Do-Piaza? GOOD, because it’s on special this week! (Fresh boneless chicken, onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, scallions, spices.), Show us what’s on your buffet plate today and you could WIN a FREE entree! All you have to do is upload your photo to Instagram and tag @bukharabistro. It’s that easy!, We enjoy Malai Kofta for the slightly sweet taste of its tomato cream sauce… but SPICY Malai Kofta? We can’t eat it fast enough! This little twist on a classic dish is available at dinner tonight!, No tricks, it’s all treats tonight at Bukhara! For $16, you can get Spicy Jack O’Lantern Curry (pumpkin, potato, spices), naan, rice, and pumpkin masala tea!, We proudly offer vegetarian options every day. Indian cuisine is one of the most veg-friendly cuisines, after all! Try our platter made just for you, with an assorted combination of pakoras, samosas, and tikkas., What classifies as comfort food? Because Beef Bhuna (beef, onion, tomato, bell peppers) is pretty comforting to us! Enjoy a bowl for dinner and see what we mean :), If you’re new to Indian cuisine, there’s one classic we think you should try first - Chicken Tikka Masala (boneless white meat chicken roasted Tandoori style and then cooked in a rich tomato cream sauce). One of our favorites!, Spending your Halloween in Jamaica Plain? This Friday we’ll have a special menu to celebrate!

Spicy Jack O’ Lantern Curry (pumpkin, potato, Indian spices), naan, rice, and pumpkin masala tea - all for $16!, Lamb chops marinated in yogurt and spices, barbecued to perfection in our Tandoori oven and served with mango chutney… it’s what’s for dinner tonight!, TONIGHT - The best Diwali party in Boston is happening at Diva Indian Bistro!

DJ Rohit and DJ Randeep will be playing Bollywood and Bhangra hits, and we’ll have drink specials and apps all night! RSVP: desilifeboston.com, Get your veggies in today, it’s going to be a long weekend and you need your fuel!, We are proud to join Karma for a special charity event! 

On November 3, 15% of all proceeds from your holiday shopping at Karma will go towards The Apple Orchard Trust for Teachers and Scholarships! We will be there serving food from 4-7pm. Stop by and shop for a good cause!, Coming to the buffet today? We have your favorite veggie pakoras waiting for you - hot, crispy, and delicious!, Wishing you and yours a very happy Diwali from One World Indian Catering! Now let's celebrate the festival of lights with our favorite sweets!, On special this week - Baingan do Aloo, a scrumptious vegetarian dish with twice-cooked eggplant, potatoes, cilantro, and scallions!, On a budget? We’ve got plenty of great dishes that will fill you up without emptying your wallet, like Aloo Papri Chaat - a delicious bowl of spiced potatoes and fried wheat wafers for only $5.50!, If you eat Indian food, but don't Instagram it... did you REALLY eat it?

WIN a free entree when you share your photo from Bukhara on Instagram! All you have to do is upload and follow - and don't forget to tag us so we can see it - and you'll be entered to win. Go on, snap a pic!, Question… Why WOULDN’T you want a delicious bowl of Chicken Korma today?! Boneless chicken, exotic spices, herbs, nuts, mild cream sauce, bell peppers… sounds like the perfect dinner to us :), Malai Kofta is one of our top vegetarian meals! The vegetable dumplings are cooked in a creamy, nutty tomato sauce… a savory dinner with just a *hint* of sweetness!, JP listen up! We’ve got a tasty special for you this week - Aloo Chole, whole chickpeas and potato balls cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices!, Ever wonder what naan looks like before it gets to your table? Here’s it is in the tandoor, baking up fresh and hot to go with your dinner tonight!, Deep-fried cheese??? ALRIGHT.

Nothing like paneer pakoras to get you in the Sunday groove. We’ll see you shortly ;)

Photo by Vivian C., What do you do with masala sauce once you’ve eaten all the chicken tikka? Pour it on basmati rice! :), Friends don’t let friends lunch alone.... so round up your BFFs and enjoy the lunch buffet together starting at 11:30!, A plate of Mango Basil Chicken should help brighten your day! Enjoy a mix of fresh bell peppers with chicken and mango sauce while you sip on a mango lassi!, Just put out the buffet and it’s piping hot! Hope you’re hungry :), Is there anything better than a neverending basket of garlic naan? #NOPE. See you at the buffet!, Vegan ladies and gentlemen… on special this week is a delicious vegetable medley! Seasonal veggies cooked with a variety of Indian spices. YUM., Kick your basmati rice up a notch with some chicken, nuts, and spices! (AKA Murg Biryani, also available with vegetables, beef, lamb, shrimp.), It’s Saturday - time for some comfort food. We’re going to go for some veggie pakoras! What will you have?, Our Groupon dinner for two is sold out, but we still have dinners for FOUR available!

You and your friends can enjoy two appetizers, two orders of naan, and four entrees for $54! http://gr.pn/1rxNYeI, Today’s the day!! We are so excited to join some of the best restaurants in the neighborhood for the Taste of Jamaica Plain, a special event by ESACBoston to help our community succeed. Join us! Tickets are available at www.esacboston.org, Our favorite way to kick off World Vegetarian Day?

With a delicious mango lassi and some vegetable samosas!!, Students of Jamaica Plain - it’s the last day to get your FREE mango lassi with your student ID! We hope you enjoyed the first month #Back2Boston!, This week’s special is Mutter Paneer (fresh peas cooked with homemade cheese chunks, herbs and light spices). Get here before we eat it all!, What will be on your buffet plate today? We have all your favorites - saag, chicken tikka, tandoori chicken, pakora and more!, Chole Bature: When’s the last time you ate something as big as your head?

Don’t worry, it’s just deep-fried bread puffed with air! Rip off a piece to dip in the bowl of spicy chickpeas - the perfect way to start a hearty meal :), Will you be at the Berklee BeanTown Jazz Festival tomorrow? Stop by and see us for some Indian eats while you get your groove on from 12-6pm!, We're excited to be joining more than 20 local restaurants in the Taste of Jamaica Plain next Thursday!

Come support ESAC with great food, live music, and more on October 2:, We all need a sweet treat from time to time. Get yours tonight, we'll have a chocolate soufflé with ice cream waiting for you!, Did you know you get DOUBLE POINTS on your Bukhara loyalty card when you dine with us on Mondays and Tuesdays?

Get your extra points on this week’s special: Beef Bhuna - beef with sliced onion, tomato, spices and bell peppers!, At the buffet today, start off with a bowl of mulligatawny soup, a classic lentil soup from India with vegetables and spices!, The best way to start off your dinner tonight? Well if you ask us… SAMOSAS, filled with peas and potatoes!, Want a FREE mango lassi? Just show your student ID now through the end of September and you’ll be sippin’ our favorite summer drink in no time!, With the seasons changing.. we are looking back to when the warm weather first arrived for #ThrowbackThursday, when we had an AWESOME time hanging out at Radio 92.9 Earthfest!, Poori is the best brunch snack! This deep-fried bread is the perfect way to scoop up some saag paneer into your mouth :), Imagine the happy face you’ll have on when you fill up your buffet plate today… it’s making us smile just thinking about it!, SPECIAL: Lychee Paneer - sweet/spicy dish with fresh lychees and cheese. You won’t find this anywhere else in JP this week!, Cauliflower, red and green peppers, tomatoes and more… get your veggies in today to get a healthy start to the week!, It’s Saturday, you know what that means! Time to get to the bar and let your hair down with some sangria, martinis and other delicious cocktails!, Fresh, hot, and absolutely delicious… our buffet is patiently awaiting your arrival :), Before you dive into a bowl of malai kofta or saag paneer, begin your meal with our special vegetarian platter with veggie and cheese pakoras, samosas, tikki and more!, Samosas for days… and days and days… You can always find them at our lunch and brunch buffets!, Ladies and gentlemen, it’s time to inhale some okra at the lunch buffet. All you can eat from 11:30 to 3:00!, THIS WEEK’S SPECIAL: Dum Aloo

Deep-fried potatoes cooked slowly with gravy and spices. Are you hungry yet?? ;), Welcome #Back2Boston students! Get a FREE mango lassi throughout September when you show us your student ID!, Today we have Chole Masala at the buffet and we’re going to scoop it up with a slice of garlic naan... We’re salivating just thinking about it!, Now this is the buffet plate of a person who knows what they’re doing! The all-you-can-eat frenzy begins at 11:30!

Photo by Jesse T., New to Jamaica Plain? We’re happy to have so many new neighbors, let us welcome you with a sizzling plate of Tandoori rack of lamb!, We just set up shop and are all ready for a great buffet! Naan, chicken tikka, mango lassis -- it’s all happening at 11:30!, Tandoori chicken, fresh mango juice, naan… we can help make your first day back at work much better at our lunch buffet!, We want to help you enjoy a relaxing Labor Day, so come kick back at our buffet and try new dishes like Pav Bhaji (famous Bombay-style potatoes, cauliflower, peas, carrots, tomatoes, beans and onions seasoned to your preferred degree of spiciness)!, Guess what…. You don’t have to work tomorrow! Tonight is like an extra Saturday, so grab a hot date and head to Bukhara for a romantic night out in JP!, When you go out to eat, it can be SO HARD to pick just one thing. This is why buffets are the best! Sample a little bit of everything, and get a fresh basket of naan while you’re at it. Join us today from 11:30 to 3:00!, Take advantage of the flavors of summer while you still can! Our Mango Basil Chicken is a must on a hot day, tossed in a mango sauce with fresh basil and bell peppers. What could be better for dinner?, If you’re looking for a wide range of vegetarian options, you came to the right place! 

Start off with some pakora, a plate of fresh-cut veggies dipped in chick-pea batter and deep fried. Our kind of comfort food!, What’s your favorite way to eat paneer? We love the Indian cheese in a bowl of spicy cooked spinach (a traditional dish in our cuisine called Saag Paneer). Come and try it at our daily lunch buffet!, Oh, the things we would do for this plate of tandoori chicken! Is your mouth watering, too?

Let's all grab a plate at Bukhara and take it easy this Tuesday night :), Don't spend Monday chained to your desk. Give yourself a little break and visit our buffet!

Photo by http://instagram.com/intldiva, We're here for you, neighbors... This week in the LocalSaver, get a $25 gift certificate to Bukhara for $10!, Counting down to BRUNCH TIME! In T-minus 25 minutes, you can get all the samosas and palak paneer you've been dreaming of!, Don't let this gray day give you the blues... go green instead with our version of a Lime Rickey!, What better way to spend the day with a friend than at our lunch buffet? 

Follow the lead of Adrianne S., who shared this great photo with her date yesterday! Thanks for coming in, you two!, What's the secret to getting your employees to love you?

Letting Bukhara cater your office lunch! Email pooja@oneworldcuisine.com with any inquiries, your coworkers will appreciate it. ;), Have you gotten your free mango lassi yet?

How about a free samosa appetizer?

http://bit.ly/bukharaoffer, Did you know Indian cuisine is one of the most vegetarian-friendly out there? 

Malai kofta is one of our go-to dishes, with vegetable balls cooked in a creamy nut sauce. Mmm..., Garlic naan, how do we love thee? Let us count the ways..., Want to grab a snack? Chole bature is an Indian classic, with deep-fried bread puffs that you dip into a spicy chickpea mixture!, No matter how you like your rice, we have a specialty dish for you!

This is Murg Biryani (basmati rice, chicken, nuts, spices), and biryani is also available with vegetables, beef, lamb, shrimp, and more - we give you the option so you'll really enjoy your meal!, Aloo Papri Chaat is our favorite cold appetizer, made with spiced potatoes and fried wheat wafers with yogurt and sweet and sour sauce! What's your favorite app to get?, One World Indian Catering is proud to sponsor IAGB India Day this Sunday, August 17! We'll be serving food from Bukhara and our sister restaurants from 4 to 8PM and to celebrate, we're offering this coupon for $10 off your meal of $40 or more at any One World Cuisine location!, Isn’t lunch time the most satisfying part of the day? You get to take a break from work and come to our buffet where you can pile your plate as high as you like! Don’t forget to try the chicken curry :), We're everywhere you want to be on the internet... including Instagram! Join the fun at @bukharabistro and don't forget to tag us in your food pics!, On Sunday, you rest, and we deliver! http://bit.ly/1mkfwyK, A giant plate of chole is waiting for you... don't leave it hanging! Come join us for our brunch buffet until 3pm!, You know the saying, "everything in moderation"?

Yeah, that doesn't apply at Bukhara. It's BUFFET TIME!, Get ready for JP Centre/South Main Streets Art Walk tonight! Find the map here: http://bit.ly/1scr3Ve, We're excited to be part of this month's JP Centre/South Main Streets First Thursday Art Walk tomorrow! Will you be there? http://conta.cc/1s5zkOh, Did you know you can get a FREE samosa appetizer or mango lassi with your entree?

All you have to do is grab our Facebook offer and it's all yours! http://bit.ly/bukharaoffer, Feel like staying in today? We deliver for lunch and dinner! http://bit.ly/1mkfwyK, If you like chicken tikka, today's your day! Join us for our brunch buffet and eat it to your heart's content :), Say it with us, the six greatest words to hear on a weekend:

"All-you-can-eat brunch buffet!"

Served until 3:00 today. See you soon!, Which one will you cool off with today?, What'll you find a today's buffet?

Saag paneer, pakoras, chole, mixed veggies...and so much more! Come find out :), Get a FREE samosa or mango lassi with your entree at Bukhara!, Step away from your desk! It’s lunch time, and we have a spectacular buffet going on today. Hope to see you soon!, We hope you're hungry, because there's a big plate of mixed vegetables waiting for you at our lunch buffet! 

No rush, we'll be serving until 3:00 :), NOW SERVING: Vegan Mango Lassis!

The same delicious mango-puree shake, but with coconut milk!, We're happy to be supporting the local arts this summer with the JP Music Festival!, Our brunch buffet with fresh-squeezed juice and all the Indian food your heart desires is available until 3pm today. What will your plate look like?, Nothing better than a basket of hot naan fresh from the tandoor!, Don't let a gloomy day get you down. Have a chocolate soufflé with some ice cream, it'll make you feel better :), Calling all vegetarians: We've got some Indian comfort food on our Vegetarian Platter made just for you, with veggie pakoras, cheese pakoras and samosas!, The best part of our lunch buffet? Dessert!

Don't miss gulab jamun, a classic Indian fried-dough treat soaked in rosewater syrup!, To make your day a little sweeter, you can get a FREE soft drink with your lunch buffet any day this week at Bukhara or our sister restaurant Mela Restaurant!, Headed to our brunch buffet today? Try the Aloo Chole: whole chickpeas and potato balls cooked with onions, tomatoes and 
spices in a sauce garnished with fresh coriander!, Two mango lassis are better than one! Enjoy our brunch buffet today with a friend, we'll be serving it until 3:00!, Our sister restaurant Diva Indian Bistro is hosting Bollywood Night tomorrow!

Multiple DJs will be playing Bollywood, Bhangra, Top 40 & Desi mashups and today's top hip hop mixes. Make sure to have your dancing shoes on for the hottest Desi party of the year!

LADIES FREE BEFORE 11PM. Tickets at desilifeboston.com, If you have anything delicious to eat today, let it be a mouthful of veggie samosa. They're available at our lunch buffet all day, see you soon!, The Stages of Dosa!, Aloo Gobhi is a vegetarian delight! In this favorite Indian meal, cauliflower and potatoes are cooked with tomato, onion, herbs and spices. Not a bad way to spend your Tuesday lunch!, Looking for the ideal summer dish? Our mango basil chicken is made with fresh basil and bell peppers - and just so happens to pair well with A/C!, Chole bhature is a classic Indian street-food dish, with a warm, spicy chickpea soup you can mop up with the deep-fried puff!, Ah, a great day for fresh-squeezed orange juice and a brunch buffet!, Friday calls for something that really gets the taste buds excited, so head to our lunch buffet and grab some Aloo do Piaza, made with potatoes, bell peppers and spices!, The last thing you probably want on a hot day is a steaming lunch. Go with a cold dish today like our Aloo Papri Chaat, made with spiced potatoes and fried wheat wafers with yogurt and sweet and sour sauce!, Tell us which dish you want to pour all over this basmati rice!, We just put out a fresh pot of Pao Bhaji for the buffet! This Indian version of fast food is vegetarian, with small rolls of bread to pair with the fresh tomatoes and mixed veggies. Get it while it's hot!, Sometimes you just want the classics. Tonight, have a big plate of Tandoori Chicken, marinated in yogurt and spices and broiled on skewers!, Forget Sunday Funday, we like Sunday Naanday! 

What will you be eating with your naan at brunch?

Photo by http://instagram.com/intldiva, We’ve got the A/C cranked up and the buffet fresh and hot. Grab all-you-can-eat chicken tikka, saag paneer and more until 3pm!

Photo by http://instagram.com/dillandigi, Happy Independence Day from One World Cuisine!

Get a FREE mango lassi with any order today at Bukhara :), Did you know we’re on Instagram? Follow us at @bukharabistro for more great photos of your favorite dishes, and exclusive giveaways!

http://instagram.com/bukharabistro, If you can't escape the heat, you might as well embrace it. For dinner, we embrace summer with our Mango Basil Chicken!, Saag paneer makes the world go 'round... at least it does in Jamaica Plain!, What's your buffet plate look like?

Take a photo and tag Bukhara to let us know!

Photo by http://instagram.com/annhenryphoebe, The sun is shining bright… but we have A/C! Enjoy our brunch buffet until 3pm and get a little break from the heat :), A glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice to go with your chicken tikka? Find it at our brunch buffet until 3pm!

Photo by http://instagram.com/arroyomikey, If you’re looking for some vegan options in #JamaicaPlain, try our Three Bean Chaat, a healthy salad for your Friday lunch :)

Photo by Katherine., THIS is how you do proper takeout!

We deliver! Give us a call at (617) 522-2195.

Photo by http://instagram.com/katiealau, Nothing like a cold lassi to help get you through a hot summer day! 

This yogurt shake can be floral, sweet, salty, fruity - whatever floats your boat :), Bring your friends down to Bukhara for a vegetarian feast and try dishes like the classic Malai Kofta, with vegetable balls, creamy nut sauce, fresh herbs and spices!, Mondays are lame; your dinner doesn't have to be.

Join us for saag paneer, chicken tikka and all your favorite Indian dishes tonight in Jamaica Plain!, Have you met our three friends, Margarita, Martini and Sangria? They're beautiful, sweet and are the perfect pals for a warm summer Sunday :), Brunch buffet at Bukhara... great idea or GREATEST?, That mango martini’s not gonna drink itself… you better come and try it out! 

Cheers to a relaxing Friday night at Bukhara :), Bukhara is proud to sponsor the opening of 'Africans in India: From Slaves to Generals and Rulers' tonight at the Museum of African American History in Beacon Hill! The exhibit challenges the way we think of one of the oldest civilizations in the world. 

Join us for the party at 6pm!

Visit the event page here: http://bit.ly/1vhxloF, Tofu saag, saag paneer and a mango lassi… Looks like someone’s got their #vegetarian game all figured out!

Photo by Jessica H., It’s a good day for a lunch buffet! (Isn’t it always when Indian food is all-you-can-eat?), Tried to borrow some bread from our neighbors… they said they had naan :P

Photo by http://instagram.com/_otchy, Father’s Day Brunch is going on from 11:00 - 3:00.

Bring your old man down to Bukhara and he’ll get a FREE entree on his special day!, Happy Father's Day from One World Cuisine!

Dads get an entree FREE tomorrow when you bring in this coupon :)

Call us for reservations: (617) 522-2195, Eat ALL OF THE FOOD at our brunch buffet today! On top of all the saag and chicken tikka you can fit in your belly, we’ve got fresh-squeezed juice to wash it all down. It’s all happening now til 3!, Whether you like them stuffed with meat or vegetables, samosas are always a big favorite among the Bukhara crowd!, Don’t forget to make plans for Father’s Day!

Give us a call at 617-522-2195 to reserve a table on Sunday, we’re looking forward to seeing you and your family this weekend :)

Photo by http://instagram.com/dylanmanderlink, You deserve something great tonight. 

Our Tandoori Rack of Lamb - marinated, barbecued and served with mango chutney - might just be the perfect ending to a long day!, Let the rain fall… we’ll be inside eating curry til the sun shines again :), Do you know how Tandoori chicken gets so juicy and flavorful? It is baked in a pitcher-shaped clay oven called a Tandoor that emanates a slow and steady heat from burning charcoal fire, never leaving the meat dry and always baking to perfection!, It’s been approximately two seconds since you saw this photo and you haven’t hit the ground running to get to our buffet… are you feeling okay?? :P, It’s almost 11:30… you know what that means. Time for a brunch buffet FEAST!

Photo by http://instagram.com/blitz128, It's the perfect weekend to kick back, lock yourself in the house and watch season 2 of Orange Is the New Black from start to finish. 

We can help make your weekend even more relaxing with delivery! Order at Foodler: http://bit.ly/1mkfwyK, Here’s a tasty photo of Pindi Chole from our #vegan selection taken by Katherine of ohshecooks.com. 

This is a northwest Indian stirfry of chickpeas, bell peppers and tomatoes - get them as mild or spicy as you like!, This trusty trio of sauces - tamarind, spicy chutney, cilantro mint chutney - will be your best friends during the buffet. Spread, dip, eat with a spoon, how you enjoy them is up to you :)

Photo by Arielle N., You know you don’t want lunch at your desk today…

Look what’s waiting for you over at Bukhara! The buffet is open til 3. See you soon!, “I like my Indian food on fire and it was!” - Hermin on Yelp, talking about our saag paneer made with spicy spinach and house-made cheese!, It’s a beautiful day in Jamaica Plain! 

If you’re planning on exploring the neighborhood (we recommend the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University), make sure you check out our brunch buffet before getting started!

Photo by Ravi G., Time to get your vitamin C... 

On top of all the great brunch dishes we’ve prepared for today’s buffet, we have fresh-squeezed orange juice to round out your meal!, We have plenty of delicious Indian dishes to fit your #vegetarian needs, like our Baingan Bharta! 

To make it, we bake eggplant over an open flame, then mash and sautée with onions, garlic, ginger and spices. For more options, check out our menu: http://bit.ly/1hk0sFn

Photo by Arielle, The sun is finally out to play...

Celebrate with a refreshing mango lassi (and if you're the first to comment on this post, it's on us)!

Photo by http://instagram.com/annhenryphoebe, Time for lunch! Come check out our buffet until 3pm and you’ll find a variety of your favorite Indian dishes with fresh fruit and veggies to fuel the rest of your day.

Photo by http://instagram.com/sarahborrello, Pakoras are a classic Indian finger food that no one can resist!

Take a look at these vegetable pakoras… filled with deep-fried, fresh-cut veggies in chickpea batter… is your mouth watering?, We sure hope you’re hungry today; this beautiful plate of tandoori chicken is begging for you to come and eat it!, Trying to decide what to get during our lunch buffet can be a tough task! Let Kimmii be your guide:

We spy… chicken tikka masala, goat curry, garlic naan, masala tea… what do you see?

Photo by http://instagram.com/kimmiithepooh, These big puffs of dough are called “poori” - unleavened, deep-fried bread. It’s most often served at breakfast or for a snack, so brunch is the perfect time to dig in!

Tip: They go great with the buffet :), You know the warm weather is here to stay when the lassi lineup arrives!

We have a variety of different yogurt shakes for you to try - floral, sweet, salty, fruity - which will you choose?, Did you know we have a full bar at Bukhara? From sangria to mango martinis, we’ve got what you need to quench your Friday night thirst!, Legend has it that if you go to #JamaicaPlain and stay very quiet, you’ll hear paneer pakoras calling your name on Centre Street. 

That’s what we’ve heard anyway. We could just be delirious from all the delicious homemade cheese deep fried in spicy chickpea batter :P

Photo by Vivian C. on Yelp, This is just a taste of what you can find at our lunch buffet… 

Want to experience the whole spread? Join us until 3pm today!

Photo by Jesse T. via Foursquare, null, If this little tyke can take on a #dosa, you can too!

We’ve got masala, chicken, lamb, mysor dosas and more all served with coconut chutney and sambhar (lentil soup).

Photo by http://instagram.com/mmmbopnrun, What goes best with your dinner at Bukhara tonight? A bright and refreshing Mango Lassi, one of our most popular drinks made with yogurt, spices and fruit!

Cheers ;)

Photo by Carole P. via Foursquare, We love this collage one of our customers made on Instagram! 

A tasty look at our naan and chicken tikka masala by http://instagram.com/noroom4error. Thanks for sharing!, Did you know we have a whole section of #vegetarian options on our menu? 

You’ll find dishes like Malai Kofta - vegetable balls cooked in a creamy nut sauce with fresh herbs and spices!

We'll see you at lunch :), Thanks for joining us at Radio 92.9 EarthFest yesterday! We had a blast!, Graduating soon? Throw your cap up in the air and make your way over to Bukhara!

We can’t wait to celebrate with you! Please call for reservations (617) 522-2195., At Radio 92.9 Earthfest? We have plenty of food to keep you sated during your day in the sun. Come find us!, It’s Saturday morning… you know what that means! BRUNCH BUFFET!

Enjoy your favorite dishes like chicken tikka with a glass of orange juice, fresh-squeezed just for you!

Photo by http://instagram.com/arroyomikey, Nothing like a delicious mango martini to wash down some Aloo Papri Chaat!

This dish features spicy deep-fried potato patties mixed with cucumbers, chickpeas and tomatoes, tossed with sweet and sour tangy sauce. YUM :)

Photo by FotoDish, All we are saying… is give peas a chance :)

Get some veggies into your lunch today with a side of Basmati rice with peas and carrots. What will you have for your main dish?, Samosa, aloo chole, saag paneer - is there anything better than a plate full of your favorites? 

Get them all (and more) at our lunch buffet until 3:00pm! 

Photo by Ravi G. via Yelp., null, Four classic Indian restaurants for Valentine's Day.

http://monsoonagency.com/ONE-WORLD-CUISINE/e-card/Valentine-Day.html, Who's ready for the weekend?, Come enjoy your favorite afternoon Drink at Bukhara - Masala Chai!  :), Come by and show Bukhara some love

No one can go wrong with some Fresh Tandoor-Baked Naan Bread
, ...::: Bukhara Indian Bistro :::...

Give a gift of Indian Food this year, Come in to Bukhara to get a Gift Card for your loved ones :), Staying in and enjoying Chicken Tikka Masala :), Happy thanksgiving! :), Who's hungry?, Come in to dinner for you're favorite indian dishes!

:) see you then, Finally Friday 

Who's ready to eat out?, Come by and show Bukhara some love

No one can go wrong with some Fresh Tandoor-Baked Naan Bread

:), Come By For Dinner Tonight 
and Try our Mango Basil Chicken
Or our Fresh Lychee Shrimp with you're choice of Naan Bread or Rice

With an ICE COLD BEER, HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY EVERYONE

GOING TO GO SEE THE FIREWORKS TONIGHT AT THE ESPLANADE, Finally Monday is over 

Who can't wait for the weekend?, Almost Friday - Hang in there guys!, Monday tomorow, which means long work hours - we've got what you need for an after work relaxing time, Loved seeing our wonderful customers today at the "Wake The World Festival" hope to see everyone again, Dear Friends & Family,

The events that took place on April 15 were both shocking and unfortunate. A century old Boston and international tradition which supposed to be a event full of excitement ended in tragedy. The Boston marathon has acted as a gathering for people from all over the globe, This past Monday left all of us sad, fearful, and infuriated. The OWC Group would like you to know that you are not alone. 

In times like this Boston will go move forward and become even stronger. We would like to thank all military, police, medical and security staff for their hard work and dedication. We are proud to run a establishment in a ONE OF A KIND city like Boston., we are open!. Stop by and warm up with a mulligatawny soup!, null, Check out out catering Page - One World Cuisine Catering, null, good morning everyone, Chicken tikka masala and garlic naan MmMM yum!, JP Fans! It's been a while, but we are back and ready give you the best facebook user experience ever!, Moms get a free entree on Mother's Day with your loyalty barcode. Don't have one? Get one here: http://on.fb.me/mpZFhX, Remember: Having a loyalty code gets Mom a free entree on Mother's day! If you don't have your loyalty code yet, get one here: http://oneworldcuisine.capturecode.com , Mom gets a free entree on mothers day when you bring your loyalty barcode!, Great day for a marathon! Go runners!, Quote Mondays: "In a gentle way, you can shake the world." ~ Gandhi, null, null, Quote Mondays: "As for butter versus margarine, I trust cows more than chemists."  ~ Joan Gussow, Ok...So maybe spring isn't here yet, but our daily lunch buffet from 11am to 3pm is HOT, We've got a Vegan menu! Come try it out., Quote Mondays: We become what we think about all day long. -Ralph Waldo Emerson, We've been nominated for best Indian restaurant by the Boston Phoenix! Vote for us here! http://cot.ag/fNjj63, We've been nominated for best Indian restaurant by the Boston Phoenix Vote for us here http://cot.ag/fNjj63, Do you love Tandoori Chicken? Learn how we make it on our blog http://cot.ag/hOadEJ, February's almost over! Get 25% off until the end of the month when you present your loyalty club barcode. Get one here http://cot.ag/dWaoiF, 56° fahrenheit! YES, Check out the One World Cuisine blog for updates, deals and other goodies http://cot.ag/hOadEJ, FREE $10 gift certificate for everyone that joins our loyalty club http://cot.ag/bmJi0k, Quote Mondays: A mistake is simply another way of doing things. -Katharine Graham, Snowed in? Check out the One World Cuisine Blog for deals and other cool stuff http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Quote Mondays: Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. -Harriet Braiker, Check out the One World Cuisine Blog for news, updates and DEALS...(hint hint) http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Quote Mondays: "If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy."- Dale Carnegie, Welcome to Boston MA, where it snows every other day...and we have really good Indian food also:), COMING SOON...Brand new menu featuring a vegan section!, Check out our special weekend lunch buffet! All your favorite traditional Indian dishes, plus some extra special goodies!, check out our blog at http://oneworldcuisine.wordpress.com/, Get $10 worth of FREE food and drinks when you sign up to our loyalty club here http://cot.ag/dWaoiF, New Years eve is tomorrow! Last minute New Years Eve tickets are still available for MANTRA! Use promo code "FBOOK" for 20% OFF http://mantranewyears.eventbrite.com/, If you havent yet, check out our special weekend lunch buffet! 11:30am-3:00pm sat-sun, We love college students! 10% off when you present your student ID!, 10% off your order when you present your student ID at Bukhara, New Fall dishes in the works! Any Suggestions?, What's the best thing at Bukhara?, Its soooo HOT! Chill out with our lunch buffet. all you can eat. $9.95. 11-3pm. everyday., Chicken Chaat- white meat chicken and cucumber tossed in our sweet and sour tangy sauce. The perfect hot-day dish., The weekend is finally here! So is our special weekend lunch buffet! A major Boston discovery if you haven't tried it...$12.95 11:30am-3:00pm sat-sun, cold? wet? hungry? Our $8.95 Lunch Buffet puts an end to the rainy day blues!, What's your favorite dish at Bukhara?, Have you tried our special weekend lunch buffet?  You'll be glad you did! $12.95 11:30am-3:00pm sat-sun, Check out our world-famous lunch buffet! Its only $8.95!, Ever had gulab jamun? Balls of dough and milk in sugar syrup flavored with cardamom seeds.  One of the best desserts ever.  Seriously., $8.95 lunch buffet!  Great Indian food, keeping both your stomach and wallet full!, Ever had a Mango Lassi? Yogurt, mango, and Indian spices in a cool, refreshing beverage perfect for those Summer days., Enjoy Buhkara's Special Maharani Vegetable Thali and other popular vegetarian dishes such as our Saag Paneer (spicy spinach cooked with peices of fresh homemade cheese) for those observing lent!!!, Come check out the Amazing Lunch Buffet at Bukhara, Monday - Friday, 11:30-3:00 PM, ONLY $8.95 + tax!! Also Check out our Special Brunch Buffet, every Saturday & Sunday, 12:00-3:00 PM, for $10.95 + tax!!, null)