List(We now carry Richie's Slush! Try watermelon, lemon, blue raspberry or cherry today., The first Crusher Champion of the season...
Hunter Logan, with a time of 10:58.65!, Hough Many Scoops will be closed Easter Sunday. 
Have a safe and happy holiday. 
🍦=❤️, In honor of the newest Necka try today's special offer!, Looks like the storm was a bust and the sun is shining. We are going to open from 6-9 tonight. 

Come on down!, All of us at Hough Many Scoops would like to thank everyone that came out yesterday to kick off our second season. 

With the conditions outside we have decided not to open today. With Mother Nature's cooperation we should be open Tuesday. 

🍦=❤️, We are officially opened for the season! Come down and get a scoop., Opening day tomorrow at 1!, null, null, null, The freezers are stocked and the shop is coming together. Join us on opening day, March 20th, from 1-9., The day we have all been waiting for is almost here.
Opening day is March 20th!
🍦=❤️, Come down and pick up a few gift certificates for the people on your Christmas list, tonight, 7-9.

Spend $25 and get a free pint of Peppermint Stick ice cream while supplies last., Just a reminder that we will be open Thursday night, 7-9, selling gift certificates., Hough Many Scoops will be open December 17th from 7pm -9pm for gift certificate sales.

The first 25 people to spend $25 will receive a free pint of Peppermint Stick ice cream!, We here at Hough Many Scoops would like to congratulate one of our Scoops family, Kayla Scibilio, on getting accepted to her top college choice. We are so proud of you!, All of us at Hough Many Scoops would like to thank everyone in Houghs Neck, as well as the surrounding communities, for making our first year amazing. 

Your love and support was more than we ever could have imagined. We can't wait to do it all again next year. See you in March!, Last day today. Come and get your last scoops! 

All Manets players and cheerleaders get a free cone for all their success. Good luck today!, Tomorrow is our last day of the season. All cups and cones $1 until it's all gone!, Sunday from 1-9 all cones and cups will be $1!!!, To show our appreciation to all our military, past and present, we will be giving free ice cream to anyone with a military ID all day on Veteran's Day. 
🍦=❤️, Just a few days left before the end of the season. 

All cones and cups will be $1 on Sunday. 

Please share and spread the word!, One week from today we will be closing for the season. 
Come in and have your favorite one last time!, Record breaking temps in the forecast today. Take some time to sit back and enjoy it with an ice cream!, 10 days and counting. 
All cones and cups $1 on closing day!, 11 days until we close for the season. Celebrate this beautiful day with an ice cream., 12 days left until we close for the season. 
Everything must go. All cups and cones will be $1 on November 15th 🍦, Just 13 days left until we close for the season.

Take advantage of this beautiful weather and get your favorite scoops before they are gone!, Pumpkin ice cream is now here!
Come get yours before we close on November 15th., We here at Hough Many Scoops were sad to learn this morning that our shop had been vandalized sometime during the night. At first glance it may seem like just a broken window, but to those of us who call Houghs Neck our home, it is much more than that.

Over the past few months there have been escalating occurrences of graffiti, vandalism to vehicles, and vandalism to property.  Enough is enough of this destruction to people's property. It is time we all started taking these acts personally since Houghs Neck is all of ours.

As a community, let's be more vigilant, pay more attention, report what we see, and speak up when something is wrong, we can make a difference.

We should all be proud to call Houghs Neck home., Today only - One scoop of Monster Mash for $1!

🎃🎃Happy Halloween🎃🎃, Come in and get a few scoops of Monster Mash before it is gone. It's ghoulishly good!, Hough Many Scoops will be welcoming Trick or Treaters on Saturday from 3-5pm.

The shop will be closing at 5 so that we can enjoy time with our own ghosts and goblins.
🍦=❤️, null, 🍦=❤️, null, Due to the Columbus Day holiday on Monday, October 12, we will only be open from 4pm-9pm.
🍦=❤️, A little Necka takes on the Necka Sandwich, October's Flavor of the Month: Monster Mash.
Vanilla ice cream with Oreo, M&M's, Malted Milk Balls and a Caramel Swirl!, Starting Monday we will be changing our hours for the Fall. We will be open from 1pm to 9pm. Thanks., Just a reminder that we will be closing today at 3pm.
Thanks!, To all of our loyal customers, we will be closing at 3pm on Friday, the 18th as well as Sunday, the 20th.
We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your continued support!
🍦=❤️, Mix it up today!, Rich, chocolate ice cream with chunks of chocolate and ribbons of fudge running throughout.
Get yours today!, We would like to thank everyone who came to the shop yesterday, as well as those who donated on-line. With your support, Adree raised $2000. Thank you!, Come down and help Adree reach her fundraising goal for Boston Children's Hospital., Reminder: Join us on Monday for this very special day!!, The family that crushes it together stays together!

Congrats to Maura Doherty, Steve Delano, Casey, Jimmy, Kelly DeFao, Owen, Matthew, Michael, Dan Kenney, and Erin and Dennis Doherty., New window art!, Please Join Us For Adree's Day To Give Back

Adree Delvecchio was 5 years old when she was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect. At a regular checkup her new doctor discovered a faint heart murmur. Upon further examination, the doctors discovered that Adree had a severe abnormality of the right coronary artery, and a leak in her mitral valve. Because of this, her blood flow was backing up, and she would need surgery. 

For 6 months following her operation, she went to weekly appointments and was prescribed a course of blood thinners. In 2014, she was diagnosed with a bone disease-- after two broken arms and 3 casts-- it was discovered she had low bone density. Adree's body was not allowing her to absorb Calcium and Vitamin D. 

It has been a very long road for Adree and her family. Without the help and support of family and friends and the outstanding care of all the nurses and doctors at Childrens Hospital, Adree would not be where she is today.

Adree is presently doing well and these experiences have made her very compassionate. Adree came up with a way to help give back to the place that has given her so much.

On Monday, August 31, 2015 from 11am-10pm, Adree wants to know, "Hough Many Scoops?" Please come and join Adree and her friends and family at Hough Many Scoops, 1094 Sea St in Houghs Neck, Quincy any time throughout the day. A portion of the proceeds of sales for the day will be donated directly to Children's Hospital Boston. Our goal is to raise as much money as possible and we hope you can help out in a small way by joining us. If you can't make it-- you can click on the link on this page and donate a specific amount. Every penny helps and you are making a difference. 

http://fundraise.childrenshospital.org/goto/scoops, Sue (18:23.35) and Lou (14:55.63) Gonzales crushed it today., If you have been in to visit us please write a review., Our second woman to crush it! Donna Vitagliano finished the crusher in 18:51:72., Max May crushed the Crusher in 22:04.28!, null, Another fierce competitor-Anthony Kilgallon crushed the Crusher in 7:20.71!, null, Steve (7:56.13), Tim (14:11.67) & Luke (16:25.75) crushed the Crusher tonight!, Mocha ice cream with fudge swirls and chocolate covered espresso beans. Try it today!, Time is running out, get your Pistachio ice cream before it is gone! New flavor of the Month coming soon., null, "Do you take Tooth Fairy money?" -Evan Walsh, The bar has been raised again. The new Crusher Champion is Brian Powers with a time of 5:11.00!, Happy National Ice Cream Day!, We have a new reigning champ. David Leuchte crushed the Crusher in an amazing 6:21.28!, Two more brave souls conquered the Crusher yesterday! David Jacobs came in at 15:40.11 and Gail Jacobs came in right behind him at 16:09.45.
Hats off to Gail, the first woman to Crush the Crusher!, We would just like our ice cream fans to know that we will be closing at 5pm tomorrow and not opening up again until Sunday at 11 so that our staff can celebrate this great country. 
Please have a happy, and safe, holiday weekend. 🇺🇸, The new reigning Crusher champion...Jake Gordon at 10:36!, We would like to apologize to all our ice cream loving fans for closing early tonight. The response to the shop has been so amazing that we haven't been able to get enough ice cream fast enough. We are working on getting some extra storage space for the ice cream so there will be plenty to go around. Please bear with us. Your support means the world to us. We will be open regular hours tomorrow with all your favorites back in stock., First person to Crush the Crusher! Congrats to John Galligan with a time of 18:46:30. Who will be next?, Our ribbon cutting ceremony will be Wednesday, June 17th at 4pm. The community support has been amazing. We look forward to seeing everyone there., null, null, null)