List(Can't wait for the NEW 79 Park plaza The Heritage On The Garden restaurant Doretta Taverna & Raw Bar by Michael Schlow to open in September!  LIKE now for up to date information! w.ly/RmdkO, LIKE Doretta Taverna & Raw Bar and Michael Schlow for up to date information on our FALL opening!, Via Matta last supper is in full swing! Will truly miss this., Thank you to everyone who made Via Matta such a special place!, Join us in celebrating all that Via Matta was for a great 13 years! Thanks Eater Boston! 
http://boston.eater.com/2015/5/28/8676705/asparagus-80-thoreau-new-england-beer-via-matta, Let us feed you one last time before we close the doors on an amazing 13 years and look forward to our transformation to Doretta Taverna. 
http://bostoneventguide.com/news/blog/32-restaurants/2149-the-last-supper-at-via-matta, Please call 617-422-0008 to reserve your table!, Join us for the Month of May featuring what we would like to call 13 years of "Greatest Hits Menu" Call 617-422-0008 to reserve your table!, Our Favorite place to be in this weather! Join us for dinner and experience our "Greatest Hits" menu for the month of May! #Celebrating13Years #Boston, Starting tonight and for the Month of May Chef Michael Schlow and our team have put together what we hope you would agree to be the "Greatest Hits" Menu from the past 13 years. Please join us in celebrating Via Matta. We look forward to seeing you soon!, Dinner service begins at 5p! Who's  hungry!? #CrunchyVealMeatballs, Thank you Michael Schlow. Celebrating all that Via Matta was to many for the month of May with a throw back menu featuring many of the Via Matta originals! We feel blessed to have had 13 amazing years at The Heritage On The Garden and we are looking forward to the next chapter., A sweet note from two very special girls who enjoyed their dinner with us! Thank you Maya and Mia! #familydinner #pasta, Until further notice Via Matta will be closed for lunch service and open daily at 5:00pm. We look forward to seeing you then!, Powering up runners until 9:15p Stop in and fuel up! #BostonMarathon #BackBay #BostonStrong, #MarathonMonday Carbo Load time is almost here! Book your reservation today by calling 617-422-0008, CARBO LOAD for #MarathonMonday! Every table that orders at least one pasta dish during dinner service will receive a complimentary order of our house-made ricotta with sage, extra virgin olive oil, hot chiles and crostinis!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/04/14/carbo-loading-guide-boston-restaurants/, Crunchy Veal Meatballs take #MeatBallMonday to a new level! Is it lunchtime yet?, Our very own Michael Schlow Throwing it back to his days making Bananas Foster tableside with good friend Rachael Ray on The Rachael Ray Show! #TBTChefs, Happy National Meatball Day!, Food & Wine: Upgrade your basic Spaghetti with this simple tip from our very own Michael Schlow http://www.foodandwine.com/blogs/2015/2/12/how-to-be-a-weeknight-pasta-genius?xid=blog_20150213_40422206&adbid=566371350663553024&adbpl=tw&adbpr=30278532, Michael Schlow Pappardelle Prep!, Be mine? Happy Valentines Day - See you tonight!, Celebrate Your Valentine All Weekend long with us! 617-422-0008, Michael Schlow: "New and Improved" Crunchy Eggplant w Basil Marinated Tomatoes, Parm, and Frico Chips #Boston #Eggplant #Delicious, Looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow!, null, The Via Matta kitchen team just handed Michael Schlow this Chocolate "Terrine" with pistachio ice cream, pomegranate syrup, and more pistachios! #schlowapproved for Valentine's Day!, Michael Schlow in house today! Tuscan Beans w Tomato, Rosemary, and Prosciutto to warm everyone up!, Little Spaghetti lesson from Michael Schlow in the Via Matta Kitchen!, Michael Schlow talking produce!, Wishing everyone a safe and warm snow day! ❄️⛄️, Best way to warm up on this cold day- Spaghetti aglio e olio con pomodoro!, TGIF. Come celebrate with us tonight!, Ring in the New Year with Michael Schlow and Via Matta For reservations please call 617-422-0008, Happy Holidays from Michael Schlow and the Via Matta Family. We reopen for dinner tomorrow at 5:00pm #Boston #HappyHolidays, Fresh Homemade Radiatori. Is there anything better?, Our very own Michael Schlow talking Daddy Duties with Hip Daddy and his appreciation for his wife! http://hipdaddy.com/hip-daddy-spotlight-27-leading-chef-restaurateur-michael-schlow/, Happy #CyberMonday #Boston take a break from your computer screen and refuel with any of our great lunch options! Doors open at 11:30am, Happy #BlackFriday Boston! We will be open for Dinner just in time to refuel from a long day of shopping! #BackBay #NewburyStreet, @MichaelSchlow Wishing Everyone a Great #Thanksgiving We are Closed today to observe the Holiday and we will reopen for Dinner Tomorrow 11/28, Thanksgiving Day Turkey Tip! Thanks Michael Schlow, Based on reservations tonight is looking like Date night- #TGIF Love Birds!, Follow us on Twitter @viamattaboston and on instagram @ViaMatta all the cool kids are doing it!, Happy #MeatballMonday Come in and try our Crispy Veal and Pork Meatballs with spicy tomato basil sauce!, Lunch is served!, Michael Schlow In case you missed what happened last night!

http://www.boston.com/entertainment/tv/2014/11/06/chefs-walk-into-bar-what-happened-last-night-top-chef-boston/aO89V0DtD4wOgdTgco7kvO/story.html, decisions decisions... Come watch tonight's #TopChef and enjoy special treats from Michael Schlow, Join us TONIGHT starting at 9pm with Michael Schlow for a special viewing of BRAVO's Top Chef. Show starts at 10:00pm!, null, The Chef's Table.... Is there anything better? Call 617-422-0008 and ask how you can reserve the Chef's table for your next special event., Mascaporeos for days!, We apologize for the inconvenience- Via Matta is closed for lunch service today to accommodate a private party. We look forward to seeing you for Dinner Service this evening!, Happy National Pasta Day! No better way to Celebrate then with some of ours made fresh daily, Michael Schlow's Salmon crudo with spicy yellow pepper sauce and pickled vegetable salad! #delicious, 1 Week away! We're ready @topchef #boston

http://boston.eater.com/2014/10/8/6946321/watch-a-sneak-peek-of-top-chef-goes-to-boston-right-now, @MichaelSchlow in the kitchen with a Nice big pan of homemade fusilli with spicy sausage, broccoli rabe, and pecorino #Italy #boston, TGIF See you tonight!, Loving these photos from Michael Schlow's trip to Italy- We are excited to taste his inspiration! , Sister Restaurant Tico is having a Patio Party This Saturday! 
FALL FEST- ALL INCLUSIVE $35 Get your tickets today! Space is limited!

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/tico-fall-fest-patio-party-tickets-13268712075, We apologize for the inconvenience but Via Matta is Closed Today due to a private function. We will reopen tomorrow for lunch! We look forward to seeing you then. If you wish to inquire about hosting your Private Function at Via Matta please email jmcdermott@goodessen.com, #MeatballMonday, Happy #NationalCheeseburgerDay and #TBT to our #SchowBurger popup we had in January. I think we are ready for another Michael Schlow....., Book Your Holiday Event by October 31st and "Pick Your Perk" #WhatWillYouChoose #ViaMatta http://conta.cc/1BG5Atj, Love was in the air and we were honored to be a part of such a special evening! SHE SAID YES!, Michael Schlow and his daughter Petra in the Boston Herald today on back to school cooking! 

http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food_recipes/2014/09/lesson_plan_experts_share_ideas_for_improving_school, #TGIF There is a bar-stool with your name on it!, If you missed last nights MasterChef takeover of Cavatina Restaurant with Michael Schlow & Gordon Ramsay make sure you catch it tonight on FOX at 8/7c! 

http://www.fox.com/watch/322601027762, Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood. There is a patio seat with your name on it!, Excited for Season 12 #TopChef #Boston Lots of familiar faces Michael Schlow!, Sneak peak from the beautiful Ursillo wedding reception. If you are looking to book your next corporate event, wedding reception or family gathering please email info@viamattarestaurant.com, Michael Schlow Spills what keeps him in Boston to @MetroBos and we think we may have something to do with it! http://www.metro.us/newyork/entertainment/going-out/2014/08/06/michael-schlow-spills-on-what-keeps-him-in-boston/, Check out some photos from last weeks Good Ones event Thanks for a great night!
http://dgrubs.com/2014/07/23/good-ones-whites-and-watches-at-via-matta/, Case of the Monday's? Come join us for lunch on the patio!, Excited for tonight! 
https://www.fundraise.com/the-good-ones-llc2/an-hour-for-powerful-women2, Grilled Whole Branzino anyone?, Lunchtime!, What do you think... Late lunch, Negroni and #WorldCup at 4p? Sounds good to us! #USA, Thanks for the Shout Out Billy Joel Cheers to 50 years in the Business!

http://bostonherald.com/inside_track/the_inside_track/2014/06/tracked_down_billy_joel_pat_walsh_ryan_tedder, Let's Face it... You weren't going to get any work done anyway! Game is ON at the bar! Let's go #USA #WorldCup2014 #NegroniForGoodLuck, Dinner time!, Perfect day for lunch on the Patio!, Big GOODLUCK to our sister restaurant Tico DC  and Michael Schlow on their opening in Washington DC this weekend! , It's almost Lunch time---See you on the Patio!, Happy National Burger Day! Tico our bets on you! Boston Magazine Events #BurgerBattle  #VoteEveryDay http://www.bostonmagazine.com/cookout/burger/, Thank you USA TODAY! #10Best #InsiderTip #ChefsTable
http://www.10best.com/destinations/massachusetts/boston/restaurants/italian/, Thank you to those who sacrificed so much. Happy Memorial Day!, #Goodmorning see you on the patio!, Maltagliati with broccoli rabe, spicy sausage, and cranberry beans, What a beautiful day. Come join us for lunch on the patio and enjoy this long overdue weather!, THIS is what we're talking about! Hello Patio Season!, The Secret is OUT via the The Boston Globe today and we can't wait to see Michael Schlow! #TopChefBoston 
, No better way to warm up quick than with a big bowl of Tagliatelle Bolognese- See you tonight!, Happy #AdminProfessionalsDay Treat or be Treated to lunch or dinner at Via Matta- Tell us what sets your admin apart- Best story wins a FREE lunch!, Well if you insist.... Thanks Thrillist!
http://www.thrillist.com/drink/nation/study-by-dr-kari-poikolainen-says-bottle-of-wine-not-harmful-to-health?ref=facebook-868, Although it doesn't feel like it today... Signs of spring and our PATIO!, Its "Crazy Way" Wednesday! 3 Course Dinner with Custom wine pairings for only $49. You may be crazy not to check out todays selections!, Michael Schlow had the honor of cooking besides some of Boston's best Chefs last night for a 9 Course meal- All proceeds to benefit #BostonsOwn #BFD Thank you 13 Photography and to all who donated!, Zagat showing us some love today! Getting excited for Easter Sunday and the Pre-Marathon Carbo Load! , Thanks Zagat Always Made Fresh Daily!

http://www.zagat.com/l/boston/best-housemade-pastas-in-boston, Lets make this easy.. http://www.opentable.com/via-matta
Make your reservation for Easter Sunday at Via Matta for the perfect Carbo Load before the #BostonMarathon!, "Excited and honored to participate next Monday in the "United for Boston's Own" event at Mike's City Diner with some of the best! Make sure to get your tickets or make a donation! ALL proceeds go to the Lieutenant Walsh - Firefighter Kennedy Memorial Fund."- Michael Schlow , Dinner is served! Who is coming for a visit tonight!?, It's our favorite "Crazy Way" day of the week! 3 Course Dinner with Custom wine pairings every Wednesday for only $49. We are excited to see what new Spring pasta selections Michael Schlow will be including tonight!, Spring Pasta Menu goes LIVE tonight! Sneak peak at some of the selections include- Cavatelli with Spring Lamb, Gremolata, and Ricotta Salata and Homemade Tortelli with Favas, Mint, and Pecorino. We are more than ready for this seasonal change!, Come escape this cold and rainy day. Nothing warms you up quite like a bowl of home made Spaghetti!, "Had the Honor of cooking at Via Matta for a Burn team from Rhode Island BURN last night in town attending the  American Burn Association  Natiional Conference. Thoughts are with the members and families of the BFD. The Greg Hill Foundation is doing their part to raise money for the families- Link to donate below!"- Michael Schlow

https://www.sharingcounts.com/events/278-the-greg-hill-foundation-beneficiary-firefighters-of-the-beacon-street-fire, Michael Schlow is in house all day and night working on the Spring menu! Stop in tonight for Crostini with fresh peas, mint, & Pecorino. Come say hi and have one of these!, Hearts and Prayers are with the Families of this Tragedy, Its "Crazy Way" Wednesday! 3 Course Dinner with Custom wine pairings for only $49. We think you'd be crazy not to check out todays selections!, null, Whats for lunch? #TagliatelleTuesday, #TGIF Date night!, Looking to make something quick and easy? Check out Michael Schlow's Dorm Room Chef Pasta Dish! 

http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/2014/03/19/dorm-room-chef-michael-schlow-penne-with-sausage-peas-tomato-and-cream/Vhe8t0F15dlk1tsTmkIDjJ/video.html, Prepped and ready for tonight's private dinner! If you are interested in hosting your next dinner or cocktail event at Via Matta email info@viamattarestaurant.com or call 617-422-0008, Great News-- Via Matta will be OPEN Easter Sunday starting at 11am through Dinner with great Easter additions. We are the perfect place to Carbo Load before the Marathon! Book your reservation today! http://www.opentable.com/via-matta, It's our favorite "Crazy Way" day of the week! 3 Course Dinner with Custom wine pairings every Wednesday for only $49. See you tonight!, What's your favorite Via Matta dish, past or present?, Prepping and excited for our new Special Events menu! Stay Tuned, Welcome to Boston American Group Psychotherapy Association! Make sure to stop in and show your badge for some special treats! See you soon!, Prepped and ready to kick cancers butt! Come visit us tonight at 125 High Street for Dana-Farber Cancer Institute's "Chef's Cooking for Hope", It may not feel like it.... But Spring is not far away! Book your graduation party in the Enoteca today before dates fill up-- Email info@viamattarestaurant.com for more details!, Our favorite day of the week-- Come check out our Wednesday night Crazy Way Tasting! 3 Course Dinner and custom wine pairings for $49., Did somebody say lunch time?, Who is ready for tomorrow's "Crazy Way" tasting!? 3 Course dinner with custom wine Pairings every Wednesday at Via Matta!  Book your reservation Today! http://www.opentable.com/via-matta, Check us out... We look good ;) 

http://goo.gl/C2gurm, Check out Michael Schlow and Sarah French at Tico making "Carrot Ginger Soup with Spicy Shrimp"-- perfect for this cold weather! Make sure to get your ticket to this Thursdays Dana-Farber Cancer Institute's "Chef's Cooking for Hope" event. We'll see you there!

http://www.whdh.com/story/24846609/whats-cookin-ginger-soup, What's for dinner tonight?, The Via Matta Facebook page is back in action! We hope you didn't miss us too much and we are excited to be back! Come join us for lunch #TGIF #Boston, HAPPY Restaurant Week Boston!!!
Join us for lunch or dinner Aug 19-23th + Aug 26-30th!
3-course lunch for $20.13, and 3-course dinner for $38.13.
Make your reservations today!, Summer & Dining Al Fresco....Ahhh, nothing better!
See you tonight?, More great snaps from our recent  Boston Common Magazine soiree!, Are you joining us for Restaurant Week Boston?
Hard to resist this mouth-watering menu!
We'll be offering this for both lunch/dinner.
Call today for reservations.

Tomato and heirloom bean salad, corn nuts, ricotta salata

Chilled pea soup, shrimp duxelle, bruschetta, almond, saffron aioli

 ***********************

Cavatelli - broccoli, soppersata, pecorino 

Salmon - curried orzo, carrot, cucumber salsa, raisin, beet gremolata

Olive Oil Poached Chicken - forged mushrooms, garlic aioli, preserved lemon 

 ************************

Vanilla Panna cotta with poached blueberries

Lemon cheesecake with Raspberry Sauce, The birth of a dessert ...w/ Pastry Chef, PJ Waters., Boston Common Magazine and Russian Standard honor Paul Bernon, Sean Curran, and Jason Weismann for their documentary, "Best Kept Secret"  last night at Via Matta!
http://features.rr.com/photo/0eNRfMv1UR2QJ?q=Massachusetts, It's best to try a little bit of everything!, What to make for dinner?
How about reservations???

*Veal and Pancetta Rotolo - corn, favas, chanterelle mushrooms, basil, Pasta, al fresco....one of summer's little pleasures! <3, Gorgeous night to sit out on the patio and nosh some antipasti and sip some vino!, Today's forecast:
Cloudy with a chance of Crispy Veal Meatballs!, TONIGHT!!!!!!
Come party "Tiki Style" on the patio with us tonight!!!
, Everyone loves a TIKI PARTY!!
Hit up our patio this Thursday night for some cool drinks,hot beats and summer tiki fun!
8-11pm
Tasty  Cointreau, Mount Gay Rum & Remy Martin drink concoctions! 
*complimentary bites.
*tunes by DJ Soulo
See you there!, null, Chef Leo Asaro has added some deliciously different new summer dishes to the menu. Dine with us soon, "al fresco"  and try one of his mouth watering creations

Not to be missed:
**Grilled octopus with avocado, confit tomatoes and shaved fennel, Boston Chefs are taking ice cream to the next level in the July issue of Boston Magazine.

Our very own pastry chef, PJ Waters infuses dried porcini mushrooms into ice cream for a flavor that’s at once malty, mapley, and mushroomy.

Try his: Porcini ice cream with a pine-nut tart and rosemary-lemon emulsion

On Via Matta's dessert menu in July!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2013/06/25/ice-cream-upscale-boston/, null, Chef Leo has added some tempting new summer dishes to the menu.

Try the:
*Arctic char with lentils, meyer lemon, licorice and cauliflower crema

...perfection!, Have you checked out our new summer lunch entrees?
*Fettuccini with Braised Duck? YES PLEASE!, A big, giant meatball-sized "THANK YOU" to everyone who came down to our patio launch party on Thursday. The place was packed all night!!
Special shout out to DJ Knife and Peroni Nastro Azzurro for keeping the party hoppin!
We even got a surprise visit from Guy Fieri who stopped in and had some burgers on the patio with Chef Michael Schlow !, Who's ready for a BBQ today?
Join us 6-10pm tonight, as we officially launch our patio for the summer.
FREE hamburgers, Italian sausages, grilled veggies and more!
DJ Knife and Peroni Nastro Azzurro in the house, keeping the beats hot and the beer COLD!
No reservations needed, just show up after work...HUNGRY!, Hmm...JUST what we ordered for our 
Official Patio Launch Party tomorrow night.....
GORGEOUS WEATHER! ;)
Stop by tomorrow, 6-10pm for free burgers, sausage, veggies, etc on the grill and $5 Peroni Nastro Azzurro draughts all night.
That's right folks, WARM WEATHER, COLD BEER & FREE FOOD!
Happy Summer!, Just a reminder!
Tonight's Patio Launch party has been moved to 
NEXT THURSDAY - MAY 30th 6-10pm ( due to weather)
Still going to have FREE FOOD, MUSIC & Peroni Nastro Azzurro Beer next week...
so pop on over after work! 
, Our Patio Launch Party with Peroni Nastro Azzurro scheduled for tomorrow has been RESCHEDULED to NEXT THURSDAY- MAY 30th 6-10pm
Weather tomorrow looks like thunderstorms all day...and who wants to hang outside in a thunderstorm?

We've extended the hours of next week's party so that you can come right after work and enjoy some free burger sliders, Italian sausages, veggies  and more on the grill. Looks like we'll have clear skies then! :)
Mark your calendars!!, null, The new spring menu is here!!!
Check out our website for all of Chef Leo's new dishes. www.viamattarestaurant.com

For now, salivate over these new Antipasti additions:
You had me at.. Crispy Pork Belly!!!, It may not be patio weather today, but we've asked Mother Nature to give us perfect weather for our "official" Patio Launch Party on May 23rd. 

We'll be grillin on the patio- Complimentary food courtesy of Peroni Nastro Azzurro from 8-close

Enjoy Peroni Draughts all night for only $5., We may be closed this Sunday for Cinco De Mayo...but our sister restaurant Tico ( a few blocks away) is having a jammin' Outdoor Patio PIg Roast! 
It looks like "THE" place to be this Sunday!, Happy Monday!
 It's a beautiful spring day here in Boston...
You could be eating this on our sunny patio today!

*Grilled Cheese and Caramelized Onions with red pepper jam 

Patio is officially open and we start serving lunch today at 11:30., We will remain closed until it is safe to open. Please be safe everyone..., The Chef's Table in the kitchen Via Matta.
No better place to get the full Via Experience....
Book a private dinner at the chef's table or in our private enoteca.
The outdoor patio will be open soon as well.
Available for your upcoming spring/summer "al fresco" event.

For more info call: 617.422.0008, The Boston Marathon   is a yearly tradition in Boston.
So is the Sunday ( pre-race)  PASTA feast at Via Matta!
Let us fuel you with the best pasta dishes in the city! 
See you tonight!, We CAN'T WAIT for the patio to be open!!!
Just a few more weeks!!, “Miracles are like meatballs, because nobody can exactly agree on what they are made of, where they come from, or how often they should appear.”  - Lemony Snicket


Well, we would tend to agree that our *Crispy Veal Meatballs with spicy tomato-basil sauce  should appear ...VERY OFTEN!!! :), A simple ( yet delicious)  pasta dish from Chef Michael Schlow that you can make at home!
, Anise Gnocchi with braised hen, charred tuscan kale and parmigiano?   
Peach Bellinis?
( is your mouth watering yet???)
, Private Events? 
We pride ourselves here at Via Matta , on making your dining experience both effortless and memorable! 
Oh....and of course,  delicious!! 
Our outdoor Patio will be open soon too! Perfect city backdrop for your special day!
Call today to book your next event and get 10% off.
617.422.0001, Remember! Our Restaurant Week Boston menu covers both LUNCH & dinner....so stop in and visit us this week for lunch and get an AMAZING 3 course meal for only $20.13, Kicking off Restaurant Week Boston here at Via Matta today!
All week ( including Saturday) treat yourself to this delicious menu for ONLY:
Lunch $20.13/pp
Dinner $38.13/pp
Call today for reservations 617.422.0008, Spicy Calamari with olive oil, garlic, tomato, black olives and capers*  

( available on both our lunch and dinner menus), Restaurant Week Boston starts Monday at Via Matta!
Match 18-30th!

We're offering and amazing 3 course menu for both lunch
and dinner

Call today to reserve your table! 617.422.0008

Lunch 20.13/pp
Dinner 38.13/pp


Appetizer { choice of }

-Cranberry bean salad with farro, cucumber and kumquat vinaigrette

-Potato soup with crispy prosciutto and mustard gremolata

Entree { choice of }

-Cavatelli with herb pesto, sunchoke and pecorino

-Seared local Salmon with Meyer lemon, lentils, cauliflower crema and licorice

-Grilled Pork Loin with sweet onion puree, pancetta, asparagus and spiced creme fraiche

Dessert { choice of }

-Vanilla Panna Cotta with pomegranate, almonds and amaretti crumble

-Chocolate bread pudding with candied hazelnuts and mango sorbetto, Best Italian Food in Back Bay? This week's featured blogger Urban Foodie Finds voted for Via Matta on CityGusto! View her full list:, Restaurant Week Boston is a little over a week away!

Chef Leo has put together an amazing Lunch/ Dinner menu, sure to satisfy everyone's tastes! 

$20.13 pp - Lunch
$38.13pp  - Dinner

Can't beat that!

It's not too early to make your reservations! Give us a call:
617.422.0008, "Wine is one of those agreeable and essential ingredients of life."- Julia Child

We agree, Julia! 

http://www.viamattarestaurant.com/menu_wine.htm, Via Matta is the perfect place to host your rehearsal dinner, bridal show, baby shower, special event....

Allow us to  help you plan the event of your DREAMS...., Lunch doesn't have to be boring.....

Try our:

*Lamb Sausage Pizza with roasted squash, thyme and  whipped ricotta, "Everything you see I owe to spaghetti."- Sophia Loren

Spaghetti- It does a body good, For all you dessert lovers..... 

*Pana Cotta with Amaretti Cookies and Pomegranate, Bring a little "Taste of Italy" back to the office today!

With our $10.00 Take-Out lunch options...you can't go wrong ( plus...you'll make your co-workers super jealous) ;)

( Available M-F, 11:30 am-3:00 pm)

Call in your order for faster pick-up! 617.422.0008, Grilled Octopus with green beans, orange and smoked almonds.... a "must try"!, Wow!
We're pretty honored to find out we've been nominated in TWO categories in The Boston Phoenix's "Best Of" Poll....

Best Restaurant/ Italian
Best Restaurant/ Late Night

Thanks for the nominations!! 
We sure would love your votes!

vote here:
http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2013/votes/?widget=true#Restaurant,_Italian, We now have draught beer here at Via Matta!
Now serving on tap:  Harpoon IPA, Harpoon Celtic Ale and Peroni!, Oh look! 
Today is National "Drink Wine" Day!
I think we've got that covered?
Warm up with us and a nice glass of vino this evening!, Nice work this morning on The Today Show, Chef Michael Schlow!!, Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at Via Matta! <3, Chef Leo has added some amazing Valentine's Day specials to our regular dining room menu. ♥

    What's not to love about these mouth-watering entrees?

    -Striped Bass 'Escabeche' with choy, purple sweet potato, mizuna pesto and citrus-campari sauce

    -'Love Letter' pasta with braised duck, shaved black truffle and grated amaretti

    Call us today to reserve your table ~ (617) 422-0008, Been cooped up in the house too long?
Join us for lunch today and let US do the cooking.

*Fedelini with tiny clams, cherry tomatoes, parsley and lemon... will surely kill the winter blues.

( photo www.mweats.com), Via Matta will be closed again tonight.
We hope to see you Monday for lunch.
Take it easy shoveling out there!!, We will be closing at 2:30 today. Will re-open on Saturday for dinner.

You'll need some meatballs by then! ;)

Stay safe everyone!, LUNCHTIME!!

Try one of our delicious new pizzas-
-Crispy Duck pizza with taleggio and fresh sage
-Lamb Sausage pizza with roasted squash, fresh thyme and whipped ricotta

**You don't have to try them both at the same time.....but they're so good, you might want to!?!


(photo courtesy of http://www.calamityshazaaminthekitchen.com), Ciao Friends! 
Nominations are now open for The Boston Phoenix''s annual “Best of Boston 2013” awards
We'd love for you to vote for us for:

• Best Restaurant, Italian

write your nomination in on the link below and submit- you can vote once a day:
http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2013/noms/full-ballot#Food

Our meatballs thank you in advance for your vote!, Tonight's forecast: Foggy w/ a chance of MEATBALLS.
CRISPY VEAL MEATBALLS!!!! <3
( we couldn't resist!), Lunch just got REAL! ........Real GOOD!!!

Order one of our $10 Brown Bag Lunch Specials to Go!
Take a little Via back to the office and make your co-workers jealous! 

Available Lunch Only ~ Mon-Fri 11:30am to 3:00pm
Take-Out Only.
Call ahead for faster service!
617.422.0008, Our lunch menu changes today...join us to try one of our new pizzas or sandwiches.  How about our new Crispy Duck pizza with taleggio and fresh sage...or our Lamb Sausage pizza with roasted squash, fresh thyme and whipped ricotta?!, Chicken Milanese with cherry tomatoes, arugula and red onion. 
 Mmm....a Via Matta favorite! 
But save some room ....there's Tiramisu for dessert! ;), Today is National Spaghetti Day. Ya...we've got that covered! ;) Join us for dinner??, THIS JUST IN!!
Some mouth watering special additions  to our regular menu for NYE from Chef Leo!  

We're still taking reservations for NYE-- we'd love for you to join us! 617.422.0008!

Appetizer
-Cotechino Sausage with lentils and salsa verde

Entrees
-Squid Ink Cavatelli with frutti di mare and shellfish crema

-Seared halibut with lobster, baby carrots, mushrooms,   black radish and saffron brodo 

Dessert
-Chocolate covered strawberries with Prosecco, Heading out for First Night?

Stop in and warm up w/ complimentary hot chocolate and $5.00 pizzas in our enoteca all night.

Why not stay and join us for dinner on New Years Eve? We'll be offering all your favorites on our regular menu along w/ some special additions from Chef Leo, a prosecco toast at midnight and plenty of party favors and noisemakers to ring in 2013 !!

Call us now for reservations : 617.422.0008, We will be closed tonight to host a private event...but we'll reopen tomorrow for our normal service hours.  Join us then as we'll be reintroducing our Crispy Veal Meatballs back on our lunch and dinner menus!!!, If the cold/wet weather kept you in your offices yesterday...let this delicious bowl of our Tagliatelle alla Bolognese bring you out of them today...see you for lunch!, Come warm up and let us help melt those flurries away with a warm and spicy bowl of spaghetti aglio e olio con pomodoro., Join us tonight at the bar as we're rolling out our new Enoteca menu...featuring $3 crostini and some new small bites!, We will reopen for both lunch and dinner service today starting at 11:30am. 

We hope that everyone made it through the storm OK...and to those that suffered any damage our thoughts are with you!, Hi all...due to the storm we will be closed for service today.  Please be safe...we'll see you for normal service tomorrow., Our new menu items have been a big hit so far...join us tonight and see for yourself!, Join us for dinner tonight, and all week for Chef's Five Course Taste of Tuscany menu...featuring authentic dishes from one of Italy's most famous region's...$75/person, Have you had a look at our Fall Menu yet?  Come in and try our brand new Muscovy Duck Breast with braised greens, lentils, celery and autumn berries!, Join us tonight for one of our new Fall cocktails!, We're open for lunch & dinner today!  Why not join us for a Chicken Milanese?  , We've updated our lunch & dinner menus!  Check out our new items or come by for an old favorite like our Spaghetti Aglio e Olio con Pomodoro!, Crunchy Veal Meatballs, anyone?, Tonight is the FINAL NIGHT to try our Boardwalk on the Sidewalk menu!   Wrap up your summer with our beach-inspired dishes!  , Time is running out to get our Boardwalk on the Sidewalk Menu!  Available Friday & Saturday at Dinner.  It's still Summer!! , Happy National Dine Out Day from Via Matta!  Any purchase made with a MasterCard will result in a 2-cent donation to Stand Up To Cancer!  Enjoy a bite on our beautiful patio & help fight cancer - what could be better? , Get our Boardwalk on the Sidewalk menu, TONIGHT & Tomorrow night!, Mmmm - great restaurant recommendations!  Check out Michael Schlow on Chefs Feed's Boston Video!  Now streaming on all Virgin America Flights.  , Roasted eggplant agnolotti with pork belly and tomatoes, Don't forget....our Boardwalk on the Sidewalk menu is served tonight too! Watermelon mojitos, lobster rolls or fried clam pizza anyone?!, Stuck in the city and can't head to the beach for the weekend?  We have you covered - our Boardwalk on the Sidewalk menu is available Friday & Saturday Night!  Great boardwalk-inspired dishes created by Chef Leo!, Need a little Sunday Fun?  Head over to Happy's Bar & Kitchen EVERY SUNDAY 9pm-1am for INDUSTRY NIGHT!
Free munchies, tunes by DJ Knife, adult milkshakes, food deals, + more!
Sounds like a great time to us!  FREE Entry and all are welcome!, We will be closed for dinner service this evening due to a private party.  We apologize for any inconvenience - please join us this afternoon for lunch!, Banana Cream Pie with shaved chocolate and salted caramel...come get it!, Tonight's dessert addition..."Sgroppino" with honey-lavender sorbetto, summer berries and lambrusco., Our summer "Boardwalk on the Sidewalk"  menu is back on tonight and tomorrow night...served on the patio, in the DR and at the bars!!!, Fried clam pizza with pancetta, cherry peppers and loveage pesto...part of the new Boardwalk menu, Our "Boardwalk on the sidewalk" menu rolls out tonight...it's amazing, come try!!!, null, What better way to start the weekend then to sit back with one of these guys?! It's our Basil Gimlet...and we've been serving it up ice cold from day one.   Click LIKE on this photo if you've had one, if you want one, if you've never had one, if you're dying to have another, etc, etc, etc...if we get 100 likes on this pic by 5pm tomorrow (6/23), we'll be offering complimentary pizza at the bar with every gimlet purchased.  Oh, and they're only $10!!!, Today is the last lunch service of the week...which means it's the last time to grab a bowl of Spaghetti Aglio e Olio con Pomorodo, Tagliatelle alla Bolognese, or our Chicken Milanese for ONLY $10 (in honor of our 10th anniversary)! But, don't worry if you can't make it today...all of our antipasti AND the Basil Gimlet will still be only $10 tonight and tomorrow night!, Wow, thanks for all the guesses on yesterday's post....can  you believe we've sold close to 70,000 bowls of Bolognese?!  Today's dish is our uber-popular Chicken Milanese.  Same game, same prize.  The closest guess w/o going over will win a GC for $25...and this time, we'll give you a hint: the number of these we've sold in 10 years is more than the Spaghetti, but less than the Bolognese!, Ok, guys...we asked yesterday how many Spaghetti Aglio Olio con Pomodoro you all thought we've sold in 10 years (the answer was 37,562)...and tonight it's our Tagliatelle all Bolognese.  Comment on this photo with your guess as to how many we've sold over the years and the closest (w/o going over) will win a GC for $25!, Hey Facebook friends...we're celebrating our 10th anniversary all week long! Here's our Spaghetti Aglio Olio con Pomodoro...a dish that's been on the menu since day 1.  Please comment on this photo and guess how many we've sold over the years...the closest w/o going over will win a signed copy of Chef Schlow's cookbook!, Blueberry lemonade + patio dining + long Friday lunch break = the perfect start to a great weekend, Our 10th Anniversary is this Sunday, 6/17!  Join us all next week (Monday 6/18 - Saturday 6/23) and help us celebrate!  

Lunch - Enjoy our Spaghetti Aglio e Olio con Pomodoro, Tagliatelle ala Bolognese, & Chicken Milanese for $10 each!  (Via Matta Favorites since Day 1!) 

Dinner - Enjoy $10 Basil Gimlets & a special appetizer menu - everything only $10!  

Make sure to fill out a comment card with your email to be entered for a chance to win a SIGNED copy of Chef Michael Schlow's cookbook, It's About Time!!, Tonight's dinner addition:  Striped bass with fregola, mussels and roasted tomato purée, We'll be showing the Celt's game on both TV's in the bar tonight, with food and drink specials available!, Another staff wine training, Patio's open!, Artichokes in house to be paired with halibut for tonight's dinner addition, Wine tasting with the staff, Perfect day for patio dining! Come join us for lunch!, Prosciutto cotto with avocado, crispy pickled watermelon rind and arugula...tonight's antipasti addition!, null, Soft shelled crabs are back in house...we're offering them as today's sandwich addition for lunch!, Sun is out...so are the patio tables! Come join us while this weather lasts!!!, Boy do we love patio season!  We're open for lunch & dinner - come join us for a bite & enjoy the beautiful weather!, Patio is open...come join us on the gorgeous day!!!, New menu, new beer list, new cocktail list...come check 'em out!!!! We've still got some reservations open for tonight, and as always the Enoteca is seated on a first come, first served basis., Another gorgeous spring day/night...come join us on the patio tonight for some al fresco dining! (first come, first serve so get here early), Soft shells are in house!!!
Leo's running this as an addition today....Crispy Soft Shell Crab with mizuna, pickled rhubarb and guanciale, Tonight's dinner addition: 
Parsley Root Tortelli with sea urchin and upland cress, It's not even April yet and the patio is in full swing! Come join us tonight for dinner out there, or for drinks in our Enoteca...we'll have the doors open and some tables out there dedicated to cocktails and apps from the bar menu!, Full in the first 15 minutes of service!, It's heeeeeeere!!!!!!!, We've got some of our patio tables out...come celebrate this beautiful day with us!!!, null, null, We have power and will be open for regular service today!, Tomorrow 3/14 - Chef Leo Asaro will be providing snacks & speaking on Exhale Spa Boston's wellness panel for Nutrition Intuition in Back Bay!  Complimentary yoga class at 4:15, panel and snacks at 5:15pm!, Come enjoy our Saturday night Diver Scallop addition with celery root crema and mushrooms...MmmmMmmm, New lunch and enoteca menus start today!!!, Halibut in house again tonight! Chef's serving it with black trumpets, apple puree and pickled fennel…so good!, Chef Michael Schlow is going to be on the Today Show tomorrow morning (3/2) around 9am EST!  Make sure to tune in!, Come spend your snow day with us...belly up to the bar for our new Bar Bites menu and grab a libation or two.  Our lunch menu ends at 2:30, but the enoteca menu is served all day - every day!, Tonight's bar bites...
Lamb Sliders with ricotta and pickled vegetables   $8
Sunchoke Soup with sliced apples, golden garlic and a soft poached egg   $12
Orecchiette with pork sausage, rabe and pecorino    $15, Today's lunch addition:
Potato Gnocchi with lamb belly, rabe and mustard, Tonight's dinner addition: Pan Seared Halibut with truffled yam puree, white asparagus and meyer lemon...

Also available at the bar tonight is our Bar Bite Specials for $8, $12 and $15...come check the board to see what's available!!!, Don't forget about our BROWN BAG LUNCH...available for take out Monday-Friday.  Plenty to choose from...all for only $12!!!, Check out today’s lunch addition: Chitarra with braised pork, oyster mushrooms and pink peppercorns…mention this post as you order and Chef has a special treat lined up for you!, We're offering our bag lunch all week for $12 - your choice of sandwich, homemade biscotti, and a soft drink!  Call us for more information!, We're featuring a Whole Grilled Black Bass as tonight's dinner addition!, Ravioli w/black truffles...on our tasting menu available ALL weekend!!!, null, $12 brown bag lunch takeout starts today...plus $5 pizzas and $15 glass of Barolo at the bar from 4-6pm, Thanks to everyone that joined us for V-Day last night....and for those that didn't; we're offering our 5 course tasting for two for $150 ALL week! Oysters...black truffles...bone-in rib-eye...and more, all for $75/person!!!, We've still got a few tables tonight for all you procrastinators out there...call and reserve soon before they're gone!, FB friends, oh how we love thee...come join us now through Saturday the 18th and let us show you the ways!!!  These are just a few of the treats we've got for you...  Call or reserve through our page!, Our new dinner menu rolls out TONIGHT!!! Featuring Ravioli with wild boar and rabe; Lentil Soup with clams, pork and green apple; Grilled Sirloin with fennel, shiitake and salsa verde…and a ton more!, Don't forget about Meatball Mondays coming up again in 2 more days...see you on the 6th...go Pats!, New bar stools at our Enoteca bar!!! Be the first to sit in them and your first drink is on us!!!, It's that time again...time to take your loves out for a nice dinner, maybe a glass or two of the ol' bubbly, and some (ahem) dessert.  Well, we've got you covered...for 8 straight days! That's right, in addition to our normal dinner menu we'll be serving our V-Day tasting menu from Friday 2/10 through Saturday 2/18...for $150/couple!!! In addition to the menu below we’ll be offering a complimentary prosecco toast and a little treat from us to you on your way out.  Call or book online now! Happy Valentine's Day! 
 
 
 Chef's Five Course Tasting for 2 
 
 
 First Course 
 (Served family style) 
 Local Oysters with pear and cranberry mignonette  
 Tuna Crudo with kumquats, aleppo and pickled mustard seeds 
 
 Second Course 
 (Served family style) 
 Warm Semolina Cakes with burrata and pickled red onion 
 Prosciutto Cotto with a crispy egg and celery root crema 
 
 Third Course 
 (Served plated) 
 Mascarpone Ravioli with foraged mushrooms and shaved black truffles 
 
 Fourth Course 
 (Served plated) 
 Bone-in Ribeye with white beans, Tuscan kale and foie gras butter 
 
 Dessert 
 (Served plated) 
 Warm Chocolate Cake with white truffle gelato,  
 caramel filled pretzel and blood orange sauce, Just tasted today's lunch addition...Chitarra with braised pork, hedgehog mushrooms, creamy egg yolks and parmigiano...such a perfect dish for the chill in the air!, Don't forget about The Return of Meatball Monday! tonight in our Enoteca!  6pm-10pm - $1 meatballs!, Love our Crispy Meatballs with spicy tomato basil sauce? How about getting them for a buck? That's right...$1!!!! Starting Monday, January 30th we'll be introducing MEATBALL MONDAYS in the Enoteca.  From 6-10pm we'll be serving meatballs for $1/ea and ice cold Peroni for a measly $2!, The snow's all gone, but it's still a little chilly out there...pop on anytime today (lunch or dinner) to grab a cup of our home made spiced hot chocolate!, Tonight is Via Matta & exhale Mind Body Spa Present: Nuovo You!  Start with a Core Fusion class at Exhale Spa Boston at 4:15, then come over around 6 for some of Chef Leo's delicious apps!, Come try our Rotolo of quail with marinated brussel sprouts and celery root creama....MMMmmmmMM, Chef Leo's Lobster and Gnocchi addition...GUARANTEED to brighten up your rainy day!!!, We're still working on our resolution!  Let's reach 1200 by next Friday - there may be something in it for you if we do..., Less than a week til Via Matta & exhale Mind Body Spa Present: Nuovo You!  Core Fusion + Foodie Workshop with our pals Exhale Spa Boston... yum!!!  Make sure to call us to reserve your spot!, Ok Facebook fam...we're  slightly more than half way to our goal of 2012 likes...keep suggesting to your friends! Please help us get there! 25 days to go!!!, Make sure to reserve your spot!, Today's lunch addition: 
Potato and Prosciutto Mezzaluna with rabe, cherry tomatoes and shaved parmigiano...great dish for this chilly weather!, Hey FB friends and fam....this January, 2012, we resolve to reach 2012 "Likes" on our page, and we need your help!  Suggest our page with to your friends and get them to  "Like" us...help them stay up-to-date on our latest menus, events, and much more!  
 
AND....get us there by January 31st, 2012, and we'll choose one fan to win a Chef's Table for 10 (paired with wine)- on us!

We may have some rewards along the way to thank you for your support!  Stay tuned throughout the entire month of January to see our progress, & how we reward you, our guest!, Happy new year everyone! All the best in 2012!
We'll be closed today and tomorrow, come visit when we reopen on 1/3/12., Come get it!!!, Check out Chefs Feed in the iTunes App Store for the "2011 Best Things to Eat in Boston"! Thank you to Chef Marc Orfaly of Pigalle Restaurant, Chef Ming Tsai of Blue Ginger, & Chef Robert Sisca of Bistro du Midi Boston for recommending dishes from our menu!, Chef Leo's creation...Seared Black Bass,Spiced Pork Brodo,Smoked Potato Puree with Ham and Spinach....AMAZING!!!, Check out tonights addition....Housemade Orecchiette with pepperoni,roasted peppers and pecorino...Come visit!, Stop by on your lunch break and warm up with Chef Leo's Braised Wild Boar and Chitarra Pasta...MmmmM, We're getting ready to bring in 2012!  Join us on Saturday, December 31st for some delicious menu additions from Chef Leo, our regular menu, $5 pizza & free hot cocoa in the Enoteca 5-7pm, & a Prosecco Toast at midnight!  

Call us to make a reservation: 617.422.0008, Tis the season and we still have Black Truffle ravioli in house! Stop by for a bite and a cocktail to kick off your holiday weekend the right way...., BLACK TRUFFLE ravioli!!!! (Chef's featuring tonight...and probably NYE too...if they last!!), Today's lunch addition...Mushroom Mezzalune with shiitake, truffle oil and parmigiano, Grilled Pork Loin with house made sausage, Swiss chard and apple butter....mmmm, A little kid just called our food "immaculate"...thanks, bud!, Today's lunch addition:
Grilled Swordfish with clams, prosciutto, white beans, wilted romaine and red pepper relish 

Join us this afternoon for lunch, and if you mention this post, we'll send a little something in addition to your meal!, What a great night tonight....got a chef's Chef's Table in the kitchen... full dining room, private party in the eno, but there's still some seats left in the bar area, come join us!!!, Check out Chef Leo's first course addition for tonight....Seared Nantucket Bay Scallops with sunchoke and apples, Just added a 2006 Barolo to our Wines By the Glass - Our bar is stocked and ready to remedy the cold Winter weather!, We've got a new cocktail list...and new bar/enoteca menu.  Come check it out!, Just tasted Chef Leo's quail addition...unreal!!!, Check out Chef PJ Waters in the December issue of Boston Magazine! , Come join us for dinner to see all that Chef Leo's got up his sleeves...he's (ahem) cooking up a small handfull of additions for tonight's menu!, New LUNCH and ENOTECA menus start tomorrow…just tasted Chef Leo’s new Rib Sandwich with tomato mostarda and pickles. It’s outrageous!, null, Chef Michael Schlow will be on the Today Show this morning at 9:30 cooking some new holiday side dishes - Be sure to check it out!, null, null, Congrats to our sister restaurant Tico for being named one of Esquire's Best New Restaurants in America!, Our new dessert menu is here! Mention this post to your server and chef Leo will send you a surprise. , Come try our lunch prix fixe this week while you enjoy the fall!, null, Are you a VGP? Life is Good Music Festival Fundraisers get the ultimate treatment this weekend... Chef Schlow's Dinner includes 11 dishes!, We just started a Twitter! Click below and follow us and stay in the loop!, Have you seen our menu for Restaurant Week yet? We've got pictures!, We have a special $25 Prix Fixe menu for lunch this week featuring Yellowtail crudo with avocado, pancetta and basil, Prosciutto stuffed ravioli with shrimp and tomato, and Anise Hyssop panna cotta with blueberry jam!, Via Matta's Chef / Owner Michael Schlow FINALLY got Facebook - Like his page today!, Congratulations to our Sister Restaurant TICO, New York Post Rated Tico - #2 in the Top 5 Tables in the Northeast Corridor - Worth a Special Journey!, New menu starts tonight!!!!
Corn Mezzelune with pancetta and roasted tomatoes, Chilled Tomato Soup with anise flowers and crunch cucumbers and Grilled Steak with shishito peppers just to name a few of Chef Leo's newest creations, Summer + a fresh lot of Eva’s Greens + Chef Leo = tonight’s additions: 

In the dining room we’ll be offering a Ligurian Salad with farro, lovage, cucumber and roasted tomatoes
…and at the bars we’ll have a Pizza with lovage pesto, house cured pancetta and gorgonzola dolce, Here we go Bruins, here we go! Complimentary MILANese Sliders tonight in our Enoteca as we cheer on the B's! Starting as soon as the puck drops. 

If you're not into hockey (or making history)...then join us in our dining room for Chef Leo's risotto. We're offering an addition of risotto with house-cured ham, foraged mushrooms and english peas!, Chef Leo's got a few things up his sleeve tonight....check out our 2 additions:
In the dining room tonight, we’ll offer Crispy Baby Shrimp with Eva's pea greens, pickled red onions and saffron aioli…and in the Enoteca come enjoy the same atop one of our thin-crust Margherita pizzas!!!  
*Mention this post to one of our bartenders in the lounge or Enoteca to enjoy a $2 beer special, and the Shrimp Pizza for free!!!, It's that time of year again...one of our first shipments of all local greens from Eva's Garden!!, Join us for lunch today...it's the perfect weather to enjoy our patio and take in some sun!!!, Our dessert menu changes this weekend! Check out Chef Leo's new Lemon Torta, mmmmmm!!!, is still looking for hostesses, cocktail servers and barbacks...please stop in to apply or email your resumes to nmackenzie@viamattarestaurant.com
Thanks!, Hi all...we're currently looking for a new manager.  In addition to the day to day duties, this person will also run the wine and beverage program...including inventories and the cocktail list.  If you, or someone you know may be interested please send us a message, or email nmackenzie@viamattarestaurant.com.  Thanks!, What better way to start your week than visiting our bars to watch the Sox while enjoying a $1 beer and one of our two new pastas....mention this post and make it happen..., Hey Facebook...the beer/pizza and cocktail deals willl be served all night at the bars! See you soon!, Don't forget.....in the enoteca and at the main bar tonight we are offering $1 Narragansett, $10 cocktails until 9 pm. But wait there's more... $12 beer + pizza combo all night long!! Only if you tell your (super cute) bartender that you saw this post! So don't just "Like it" come Try it!!, starting tonight for the weekend.  At the bar and enoteca only $1 Narragansett, $10 cocktail until 9 pm.  And $12 beer + pizza combo all night long!! Only if you tell your batender that you saw this post!, Today's lunch additions: 
Chilled Poached Shrimp with tomatoes, cucumbers, pea tendrils and avacado puree
AND
Chicken Sausage Pizza with grapes and fresh horseraddish

ALSO, don't forget about the Lasagna alla Bolognese on tonight's Piatto dell'Enoteca menu, served at the bars...for only $12!!!!, What better way to end this Monday than with complimentry cocktails in our enoteca tonight while you play trivia with your friends and win cool prizes?! Join us from 7-9!, Tomorrow night from 7-9 we are hosting our first ever trivia night in the Enoteca, complimentry cocktails and fun prizes....stop by!, The new Eno menu was a huge hit last night...the Toasted Ravioli is the favorite so far.  Join us tonight for Salumeria with deviled eggs and fried pickles as part of our Piatto dell'Enoteca menu!, Our Enoteca menu is changing TONIGHT...and yes, PIZZA is back!!!, Lasagna all Bolognese...our latest addition to the new Enoteca menu that's changing this Thursday! We'll be offering it tonight in our bar area for $12!, Chef Leo's new toy! Be on the lookout for some new salumi additions to our menu!!!, Hello luvahs...we still have some reservations left for VDay celebrations this Saturday and Monday nights. But don't worry, if we can't accommodate you at your preferred time on those days, we'll be open this Sunday as well! Call or visit us online to book your table, We're open our normal hours today...come join us for some of our classic Italian dishes (or maybe just a cocktail or two if you've got a snow day)!, Snow's supposed to stop around noon...just in time to visit us for lunch! We're open for our normal hours today so stick around after work too and avoid all that traffic., Ok, it's almost here...the return of our pizzas.  Chef Leo's got a few more tweaks for the new dough, but it's getting closer!!!, Come out for lunch today and warm your soul with hearty Tagliatelle alla Bolognese!!! 

We'll also be featuring our Icy Escape (Bittersweet hot chocolate with brown sugar and cinnamon dusted marshmallows) for $2, Due to the storm, we'll be closed for both lunch and dinner service today...have a happy snow day, and be safe!, Hi all...we'll be closed for lunch tomorrow due to the storm and will keep everyone posted on dinner service.  Maybe hot chocolate and movie night in the eno tomorrow???, Come ring in 2011 with us tomorrow night...we'll be featuring $5 pizzas, $5 prosecco and $2 beers in our lounge and in the Enoteca from 10pm to midnight!, We're back open for regular service tonight...come visit and warm up with some spicy aglio e oglio...or some hot mushroom and farro soup?!, Hello all...we hope everyone had a safe, and happy holiday!  We'll be closing for lunch service on Monday 12/27 due to the storm but will be open for dinner.  If that changes we'll post more updates...be safe out there!!!, Tonight's addition: Sauteed veal sweetbreads with hen of the wood mushrooms, celery root  crema and a crispy, soft-boiled egg...mmmm!, This Wednesday night...8pm!, http://eatocracy.cnn.com/2010/12/02/55-chef-michael-schlow/, …a big congrats to Chef Michael Schlow for his segment on the CBS Early Show this morning!!! In case you missed it, Chef prepared some fanciful Latkes…check out this link for the recipe!
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/12/01/earlyshow/living/recipes/main7105715.shtml?tag=contentMain;contentAux
, Check out award winning chef/owner, Michael Schlow tomorrow morning on the CBS Early Show!!!, Join us for lunch this week and grab one of our many NEW sandwiches...Chef Leo is busy working away changing things up!  How about the new "Grinder" with mortadella, pork pate, crunchy veg, basil and spicy aioli...or the unbelievably delicious Ham and Cheese made with our house cured ham?!, Tonight at 6pm, come check out our "Style for homes" event in the Enoteca!, Chef Schlow, MP and Leo are meeting with the truffle lady....looks like we'll be offering some white truffle supplements soon!, We know it's cold and dreary yet again...we hate it too.  But we'd love for you to join us at lunch today.  For all of you that brave the elements and mention this post, we'll start your meal this afternoon with some complimentary antipasti!!!, Tonight's addition: Salmon and Rosemary Pate with pickled onions, whole grain mustard and caper berries!, Only 7 more days...

Alta Strada Restaurant at the MGM Grand at Foxwoods Sneak peak: All Star Chef's Italian Dinner! 5 Chefs...Michael Schlow...Anne Burrell...Dante de Magistris...Marc Orfaly...Evan Deluty...each presenting their own course and paired with the perfect wine from Vias Imports. Saturday November 6th email tholland@goodessen.com for more information and to purchase tickets!!!!, Hey all...please remember to share our page with your friends.  We've got some fun promotions and events coming in the next few weeks! Help us spread the word., Open for an abbreviated lunch today, then closed tonight to host a private event...we'll open again for regular service tomorrow at 11:30am., Fall menu? Check.  Drink list? Check.  It's time for our beer list now...we're changing things up later this week.  Let us know some of your favorites and we'll see if can add those to the list?!, Ok, ok.  We know Halloween isn't for a bit...but we're stoked on it early! Join us tonight (or any day from now to Halloween) and try our inspired cocktail addition: "The Shirley Temple of Doom" featuring Crown Royal, house-made grenadine and brandied cherries.  Muahahahahaaa, this chill in the air makes us want to eat some warm, hearty food...how about stopping into the Enoteca on your way home for some Clams in brodetto with white beans and oregano; or how about a nice bowl of our Farro and mushroom soup with potatoes, spinach and parmigiano?! 
Or bring yourself out of the house for something from our newest cocktail list created by our new manager, AJ?!, Wow...what a great night! Chef MP's Venison addition flew and our fall menu and cocktail list are in full swing and people are loving it!, Come kickoff restaurant week with us here at Via Matta!, It's the perfect night to come sit on our patio and enjoy some of our new menu items!  Burrata with Heirloom Tomatoes,Basil and Sea Salt with a glass of Pinot Grigio WOW!!, Nobody likes Wednesdays so spice it up here @ Via Matta on our patio with some Laughing Bird shrimp and watermelon salad and a Basil Lime Gimlet...There is nothing boring about that!, Stop in for some of our Summer Vegetable Soup, we serve it @ sunshine temperature...Happy Friday!!!, If you haven't left the city to spend time on the beach; come join us in the Enoteca while we mix up some new drinks for our summer cocktail list....You can be the judge!, We just brought the Lobster Chitarra back to our dinner menu. Come enjoy a bowl on the patio with a glass of Terlaner,If we wern't working you wouldn't catch us anywhere else!, Relax on your Friday lunch break with us here @ Via Matta, we have some new amazing lunch menu items oh and of course the Guilty Pleasure is still here! Start your weekend off right...See you @ noon!, Stop by Via tonight to relax and watch Game 1 of the NBA finals. We are offering $5 cocktail specials and complimentry food if you mention this post....What a deal!! GO C's!!!, It's the first Wednesday in June which means it's FAME night @ Via. Come hang out with local artist Eric Roth and check out the latest fashions from La Perla while enjoying music from Dj Manny. Did we mention complimentary food and cocktails from Ultimat vodka...See you in the Enoteca @ 7!, We'll have the Sox/Yanks too...you'll have to decide, just get over here!, Celtics game 2 at 8:30 tonight!!!  We'll be showing the game on both TV's and will be treating guests that are coming in to watch it to complimentary pizzas and food from the Enoteca menu!  (You'll need to mention this post of course), Help us (well, Radius) help you!
Help our big sister get to 1,000 fans on Facebook and they'll offer yet another 1/2 price Burger bash....please suggest their page (and ours people!) to all your friends!!!, The weather's nice, which means it's PATIO time again!, Chilly walk to work this morning? How does our Spring Vegetable Soup with parmigiano and grilled bread sound to warm you up this afternoon for lunch?!, Finally, our new menus have been arrived!!! Can't wait to see what people think of them., CONGRATS to all the grads!!! Tons of big parties in tonight...thanks for celebrating such a huge day with us....and for everyone else that's looking for a last minute res with all the family in town, we've still got a few spots left this weekend.  Call us, or visit our website to make reservations., Wow,What a gorgeous Friday! If we wern't working here at Via Matta we would be sitting on the patio enjoying Halibut and Vermentino...Mmmm, We just sat out on our patio and tasted some great Barbaresco from Roagna. Nothing like a night sitting outside drinking great wine., http://www.starchefs.com/cook/features/six_chefs_inspirations


Loveage is our inspiration. Check out our Ligurian style preparation of Branzino below. Tonight we're offering the same dish with first of the season Maine Halibut. Giant fish!! 40-60#'ers!, Rain, shmain...tonight looks to be another great one outside.  Come join us for dinner on the patio, or for pizza in the Enoteca (we'll have the doors open and will be showing the Sox game on our new TV)!, Ok y'all...tonight's the night!!!   GUILTY PLEASURE party starts at 9pm.  We'll be passing complimentary guilty pleasure foods (ahem, including our new GUILTY PLEASURE PATTY MELT!!!)  They'll be great music to jam to as we introduce our newly redesigned patio...the TV in the Enoteca...and of course some new menu items! See you all soon!!!!, Guilty Pleasure promotion today at lunch...join us today for a taste of the best new sandwich in Boston! 11:30 to 2:30, What's your Guilty Pleasure??? Let us know, we'll tell you ours:  It's our latest menu item from Chef Michael Schlow...and the little Italian cousin to "The Burger" over at our big sister, Radius.   THE GUILTY PLEASURE PATTY MELT with tuscan fries, spicy tomato aioli, provolone, pancetta and a chocolate- banana- nutella shake, mmmm!! Now being served for lunch every day, or in the Enoteca at night!!!, 's patio isn't set up yet, BUT we are seating tables outside the Enoteca for lunch today...come enjoy the great weather with us! Oh, and more goings on in the Enoteca tonight as we're hosting another FAME event at 7pm...see you there!, Come join us tonight for some great art, cool tunes and complimentary cocktails and apps...from 7 to 10PM tonight in the Enoteca!, Hi all! We're currently looking for energetic, knowledgeable servers and bartenders to join our team here.  If you, or anyone you know may be interested please send resumes or apply in person any day between 3 and 5pm.  Thanks!, Our new Bruschetta of House Cured Ham with asparagus, parmigiano and black tumpets...yum!, Dinner menu changes tomorrow night with some UNREAL new dishes from Chef Mike P...join us for dinner tonight for your last chance (well, until next fall/winter) to get the ever-popular Gnocchi with wild boar or the Umbrian Lentil Soup!, Our dinner menu changes this Thursday...Chef Mike P is running a few additions from it for tonight's service.  Come join us and be the first to taste!, Goodbye Restaurant Week, hello spring menu!!! (well, not til Thursday...but we're really really excited), Wow, what a great night.  A bunch of people in for RW menus in the dining room....but even more watching the game at the bar.  Sorry 'Cuse....how's everyone's brackets NOW???, Spring is in the air...just chatted with Chef about our upcoming menu...things sound/look/TASTE delicious! Can't wait for the change next week!!!, still has some seats available for the Baladin beer dinner on April 12th...call us to reserve your seat.  $85 (all inclusive) for a multi-course dinner paired with some super cool Italian beer!, has a few tables outside the Enoteca tonight...first come, first serve.  (Hurry up and get over here!!!), What a great night...bars are packed.  It seems everyone's stopping in for a quick drink or a few apps at the bar after strolling the neighborhood.  Soooooo nice outside.  We heard Saturday's supposed to be 70ish???? Sounds like we'll have Enoteca doors open and some tables outside!!!, Whoa. Has Spring is sprung already?  We just got our first call of the season asking when our patio will be up... Well, we're not sure when that'll happen but stop by tonight and help Tommy and Ben decide what to put on our newest cocktail list.  It'll be changing soon and they're testing a few recipes at the bar., Happy St. Paddy's day everyone...come celebrate with some great ITALIAN food! Great 3 course lunch special for $20.10, or grab a cocktail at the bar this afternoon on your way to the pub!, Have you seen our Restaurant Week menu yet? Check the link for the listing and come join us for Chef Mike's amazing food at an incredible deal! Call us or go online to make reservations for lunch or dinner., The dinner is set for the 12th of April., Just got some great news. Our next wine dinner will feature the cool beers of Baladin, a Piemontese brewer just out side of Barolo. $85 all inclusive. Great beers with our great food!!!!, Not sure who this guy is, but the taps look super cool, Some of the beers for our up coming event, Wow! We just tried Chef Mike's addition to tonight's menu...you HAVE to have it:  Whole-Roasted Yellowtail Flounder with hedgehog mushrooms, pearl onions and spinach, it's amazing!, Cold/snowy day out there...come warm up with a bowl of our Umbrian Lentil Soup with grilled radicchio, house-cured ham and apples....mmm.  Oh, and did we mention it's poured table-side?, Chicken nuggets for staff meal AND F.A.M.E. tonight...what could be better?! See you at 7!, Come check out F.A.M.E. tonight in the Eno at 7pm.  Andrew Swaine's Warhol-like photos will be on display, and he'll be here snapping shots if you wish to have your likeness done too!!!
Complimentary sangria and snacks...see you there!, It was so great to have Tony Maws in for dinner with his family last night...thanks Chef! Now we've all got your great brunch menu on our minds...hopefully we'll make it over there Sunday!, mmmmm.....tripe.  Come try  Chef's addition to tonight's menu: Housemade Tagliatelle al Sugo di Trippa (tripe braised in tomato sauce with pecorino, mint and chili flakes)., Our foodrunner, Tony, lending a helping hand in the dish-station tonight...thanks man!!!, New MICROS system is being installed today...it's like Christmas in February!!!, Chef Mike's addition to tonight's menu: 
Pan seared Bone-in Skate wing with roasted cauliflower, cara cara oranges and pickled red onions, null)