List(We've got the recipe for a great Friday night: Fresh air, great company and a cocktail (or two). Stop by for dinner tonight! #caporestaurant, Brunch starts next weekend!! We're now booking reservations! Call us at 617-993-8080, We've got the windows open for dinner tonight!  Join us in the cafe and enjoy this beautiful weather! #springtime, Happy Easter from us to you! We'll be opening at 1pm today. We hope to see you soon!, Trying to book something for Easter? We still have a few reservations available! Email nick@caposouthboston.com to book. We'll be opening at 1pm and will be offering the dinner menu all day!, Let's start a new Easter tradition! Email nick@caposouthboston.com to book your Easter reservations! We look forward to serving you and your family., We'll be opening at 1pm this Sunday for Easter! After you're finished hunting for Easter eggs, come by Capo for lunch or dinner.  Email Nick@caposouthboston.com to reserve your table!, Capo will be closed this evening due to the South Boston St. Patrick's Day parade. We will resume business as usual tomorrow at 5pm. We apologize for any inconvenience., Thanks for the great write up, Dirty Water News!, Open wide!! It's dinner time!! 📸:@13photo #bolognese, In case you missed it, here is Capo's feature on Dining Playbook!! The segment will air again Thursday at 11:30pm and Friday at 4:30pm!, Such an amazing event to support Lolita DeSousa, who was injured back in December and faces a long recovery. This event was setup to help her and her family with the mounting medical expenses. Thank you to Evan Taylor for organizing. We were lucky to be joined by so many wonderful people in support of #MannyStrong!, We're already dreamin' about dinner tonight...💭 #cioppino, We're looking for baristas and back servers! Know anyone who might be interested in joining our growing team? Email your resume to kellene@caposouthboston.com! #nowhiring, We're very excited to have the windows open for the first time tonight! Come join us for dinner in the cafe and enjoy this beautiful weather!, Here at Capo, we're celebrating National Meatball Day everyday!! #NationalMeatballDay, Thanks Zagat for the Southie love!!, Snowy days like these call for carbs and cheese! ❄️ #BURRRRata, We love this mention by Zagat! Thanks for featuring us!

https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/the-6-most-important-openings-of-2016-so-far, We're excited to be included on this list! Thanks Eater Boston!, After a gloomy morning, we love coming in to work and seeing the sun shining through the cafe windows!, It's dinner time! Who's joining us tonight?🍴, Sunday's are for catching up with family & friends over a great meal. Join us for dinner & let us take care of you!, "Two vast rooms chock-full of Southie residents in relaxation mode." 
The Boston Globe's @DevraFirst writes up Capo!, Rustic Italian restaurant located at 443 West Broadway in South Boston. We can't wait to meet you!, Thanks for the love Zagat!!, Rustic Italian restaurant located at 443 West Broadway in South Boston. We can't wait to meet you!, I cannoli resist for so long., This is what every Monday should look like, null, As some of you may know, Manny (Lolita) DeSousa, a long-time Southie resident, was struck by a car in Boston on Friday, December 4th. Manny has sustained serious head, brain, and face trauma and remains in serious condition. Because of the extent of her injuries, Manny has a long road to recovery ahead of her. 
Anyone who knows her, knows that Manny is beautiful inside and out. 

Please join us March 13th at Capo Restaurant to show our support and help raise money for her medical expenses. Tickets for this event can be purchased at https://www.eventbrite.com/e/mannystrong-fundraiser-tickets-21690051528?aff=es2

Food will be served, cash bar and countless generous raffle prizes.
If you are unable to make this event, you can still donate to Manny's medical expenses here: https://www.crowdrise.com/mannysmedicalfund

Thank you for all your support., Happy national drink wine day!! 🍷 Come celebrate with us!! It's good for your health! 😉 #nationaldrinkwineday, Don't feel like cooking? Let us do it for you! Our house-made pastas are calling your name! ☺️🍴, We are open for business!! Stop by and try our pasta with plenty of wine by the fire. #CapoSouthBoston #LetsEat, Rustic Italian restaurant located at 443 West Broadway in South Boston. We can't wait to meet you!, null, null)