List(Cheers to the weekend! See you soon Boston! 
#OceanPrimeBoston, Make ‘Prime’ memories at Ocean Prime Boston! Our team will ensure that your birthday, anniversary or promotion celebration is unforgettable., Easter Brunch, here we come! 🐰💐🐇, Our lounge, which opens daily at 4pm, features small plates, sushi and raw bar items to pair with your favorite ‘Prime’ cocktail., Cameron Mitchell Restaurants prides itself on promoting from within, without further adieu, please welcome Ryo Kitamura as our newest Sous Chef at OP Boston! Congrats Ryo!, In honor of Easter Sunday, we’ll be offering a special brunch menu to help you celebrate with friends and family!, Dinner wouldn’t be complete without ‘Prime’ desserts! After enjoying Chef Mitch Brumel’s compositions, indulge in our Ten Layer Carrot Cake, topped with Cream Cheese Icing and Pineapple Syrup., Cheers to the weekend! #TGIF Boston see you soon! 🍸, Let our associates take care of you this Easter Sunday! We’ll be offering a special brunch menu featuring Crab & Eggs – Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, Poached Eggs and Hollandaise atop a fresh English Muffin.

Menu: ow.ly/ZCyBT, Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with a mid-day Irish coffee at Ocean Prime Boston! Sláinte!, Parmesan Crusted Chicken Caesar, Teriyaki Salmon or our Petite Filet…which of Chef Mitch’s compositions are you enjoying for Boston Restaurant Week?, Ring in the weekend with our most photographed cocktail, the Berries & Bubbles! Sip on a sweet blend of Belvedere Vodka, Marinated Berries, House Made Sour and Domaine Chandon Brut., Did you know it’s National Crab Day? Celebrate with our Dutch Harbor King Crab Legs, served with Asparagus and Drawn Butter., We’re kicking off our first Dine Out Boston in the Seaport District! Join us for lunch between March 6-11 and 13-18. http://ow.ly/YZbQn, For a limited time only we’re offering our ‘Flavors of Sonoma’ menu, featuring California-inspired dishes paired with specially selected wines from Jackson Family Wines., Our mission is to bring genuine hospitality to the Seaport District. We believe each and every Ocean Prime associate is essential to creating a memorable experience. #hospitality, Consider Ocean Prime Boston for your private or semi-private event! From a small social gathering to a large function, our private dining team is ready to create a spectacular menu for your guests., Join us this weekend to celebrate a match made in Prime heaven – surf & turf! For $55/person enjoy an 8oz. filet with your seafood selection. http://ow.ly/XeJHo, What’s your favorite composition by Executive Chef Mitchell Brumels? #OceanPrimeBoston, We want you to be the first to know! Sign up for #VIPrime to receive exclusive invitations, offers, and noteworthy news about Ocean Prime Boston! http://ow.ly/WIJIu, Cheers…it’s Friday! Stop by for today’s #PrimeCocktail spotlight, the Cucumber Gimlet., Topped with Smoked Bacon, Red Onion, Grape Tomatoes, and Bleu Cheese, our Crisp Wedge of Iceberg salad is sure to please, and also available gluten-free friendly., February vacation is the perfect excuse to dine out with the entire family! Whether your young adults prefer Macaroni and Cheddar Cheese, or a 5 oz. Petite Filet, we have a menu option for everyone. http://ow.ly/XwgAw, Make Prime memories tonight with your sweetheart! We have limited availability remaining, so make your reservations while they last! http://ow.ly/XBmtZ, Attending the Boston Wine Expo? Stop by the Chef’s Stage to see Executive Chef Mitch Brumels share recipes and create samples of his favorite dishes! 

*Saturday (2/13), Stage 2, 1:30pm., Baby, it’s cold outside! Stop by for lunch to escape the chill and enjoy our creamy Lobster Bisque, served with a Sweet Corn Fritter., Start the week on a high note with our Pork Porterhouse. Tender and juicy, this composition by Chef Mitch Brumels is served atop Brussels Sprouts and Port Wine Reduction., Rolling into the weekend with fresh sushi!, We can’t wait to take care of you tonight! All you have to do is make reservations: http://ow.ly/XeJnz, Looking for Valentine’s Day plans? Treat your special someone to brunch at Ocean Prime! http://ow.ly/XnD24, Kick off the weekend with our #PrimeCocktail spotlight, the Prime Margarita! A festive blend of Don Julio Tequila, Elderflower, ruby red grapefruit and agave nectar., Join #VIPrime and you’ll be the first to know about our exclusive invitations, offers and the latest news about Ocean Prime!, We only offer the freshest ingredients at Ocean Prime, that’s why our seafood is hand-selected daily by our chefs! Our menu features both wild and naturally harvested fish, recommended by the Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch., Treat yourself, it's Friday! #TGIF, Made with locally sourced ingredients, our Sonoma Goat Cheese Ravioli is a perfect appetizer to pair with your favorite red wine., Béarnaise sauce, garlic shrimp scampi, or perhaps au poivre…how do you accessorize your Prime steak?, We had a fabulous time hosting the Greater Boston Concierge Association's 26th Annual Gala. See you tomorrow Boston!, Ocean Prime will be closed tonight (1/17) for a private event. We apologize for the inconvenience, but please join us tomorrow during lunch or dinner hours!, It’s chilly out there, but we can transport you to an island paradise with today’s #PrimeCocktail spotlight: Rum Punch!, Prime seafood, and always fresh. That’s how we roll! 

Photo credit: A Styled Affair, Prime seafood, and always fresh. That’s how we roll! 

[Photo by A Styled Affair], It’s the New Year, but that doesn’t mean you can’t cheat sometimes! Indulge in our Blueberry Lemon Cheesecake. Served atop a Graham Cracker crust, and paired with sweet blueberry syrup., This weekend join us for Sunday Surf & Turf, thoughtfully prepared by Chef Mitchell Brumels. You’ll enjoy two courses, along with a side of your choice for $55/person. http://ow.ly/W5kVz, Our Local Store Marketing crew, Holly & Rachel, are hitting the streets of Boston! We love our neighbors #seaportdistrict, Looking for a light option after the holidays? Try our Tuna Tartare!
Available for lunch or dinner, Executive Chef Mitchell Brumels prepares the tuna with a melody of avocado, ginger ponzu, and sesame seeds., One month down, and many more ahead! Thank you for making our first month in the Seaport exceptional. We promise to bring genuine hospitality to Boston for years to come!, Happy New Year's Eve from the Seaport District! Celebrate new beginnings with Surf & Turf and our feature cocktail, the Pom Sparkler., Did you know we offer a gluten-free friendly menu? Executive Chef Mitch Brumels offers a selection of menu items, including this Chilean Sea Bass - served with whipped potatoes and champagne truffle sauce., Begin New Year’s Eve at Ocean Prime! We’ll be featuring a Surf & Turf special, along with Warm Butter Cake, and our feature cocktail, the Pom Sparkler., Our Raw Bar items, such as this Chilled Crab Meat Cocktail, are served daily in The Lounge after 4pm. http://ow.ly/VAGRS, Happy holidays from the Ocean Prime Boston team! We will be closed today (12/24) and tomorrow (12/25), but we look forward to seeing you on Saturday when we resume normal business hours!, Be the first to receive exclusive invitations, and offers from Ocean Prime Boston! http://ow.ly/V4pTe, What makes the holidays in Boston special to your family? Leave us a comment on Instagram for the chance to win lunch at Ocean Prime, and 4 tickets to ride the Greenway Carousel at the Tiffany & Co Foundation Grove!, Tonight Kate Goldstein got to stage in the #oceanprimeboston kitchen! Thank you Regional Chef Bill Crow for showing your genuine hospitality!, https://www.facebook.com/rachel.norman.1485/posts/10206563193252774 Ocean Prime Boston in the news! #oceanprimeboston Thank you for your partnership Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway, Ring in the weekend with Berries & Bubbles! The perfect remedy of Belvedere Cytrus Vodka, marinated blackberries, house made sour, and Chandon Brut., Our stunning Back Bay Room is just one of our perfect settings for your next private event! Contact Rachel E. Norman, our Private Dining Manager today at 617.670.1345!, There’s no such thing as too many layers. The question is, can you finish all ten?, Looking for a ‘prime’ holiday gift idea? Purchase a gift card now through 12/30, and you'll receive a little joy back in the form of a $25 bonus card for every $100 gift card purchased! http://ow.ly/V2k8Y, Make memories at Ocean Prime for the holidays! Whether you’re planning for family or co-workers, our attentive staff, private dining areas, and customizable menus will allow an easy planning process. http://ow.ly/VMjBA, Cheers to our one week anniversary in Boston’s Seaport District!, A glass of wine is the perfect way to celebrate our first week here in Boston!, Great people delivering genuine hospitality! Join us for your next special moment, you deserve it, you're in the prime of your life after all!, “The answer is yes. What’s the question?” There’s no better feeling than providing genuine hospitality to our new Boston neighborhood., Fresh seafood? Yes!  The “Smoking” Shellfish Tower is always fresh off the boat, and customizable to satisfy your seafood palate!, We are opening today in Boston’s Seaport District! Doors will open to the public at 11:30am, and a portion of the proceeds will be donated to Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway!, null, Guests are buzzing about the Shrimp Cocktail here at our final night of previews! We can’t wait to see you tomorrow for opening day!, Executive Chef Mitchell Brumels perfecting his first plate of our preview dinner! We can't wait to see everyone soon for opening day!  #OceanPrimeBoston, Attention Boston! We have a limited number of preview lunch reservations available tomorrow between the hours of 12-1:30pm Call to speak to a manager to reserve your spot! 617.670.1345, Preview dinners are underway! T-minus four days! Boston, are you ready? Grand Opening December 3rd #oceanprimeboston, Happy Thanksgiving on behalf of the entire Ocean Prime Boston team!, Soon we will drop anchor in Boston’s Seaport District! Have you made reservations yet? http://ow.ly/V2I3o, We've had a blast this week training our associates for our Grand Opening December 3rd! Boston, get ready!, There's excitement in the kitchen tonight at Ocean Prime Boston! Regional chef Nick Grosenbach is here to assist in training our new associates!, Executive Chef Mitchell Brumels is eager to share signature Ocean Prime dishes with Boston! These sea scallops (available gluten-free) are paired with parmesan risotto, English peas, and citrus vinaigrette., We can’t wait for Boston to try the Baked Alaska – a CMR favorite!, Have you ever wanted to learn what it's like behind the scenes of a fine dining restaurant? Join our Facebook chat with Executive Chef Mitchell Brumels from Ocean Prime Boston on November 12, and ask your culinary questions. RSVP here to join the chat: https://www.facebook.com/events/1512298565752490/, The best part of associate orientation? Our traditional #CMR milkshake toast! This time with Boston Bruins coach, Claude Julien!, Boston Associates are learning our #CMR hospitality philosophy at orientation today. The most important piece? “The answer is yes. What is the question?”, null, It's opening month! Here's a sneak peek of what you'll see in just three short weeks at Ocean Prime Boston. (renderings by Knauer Incorporated), Reds, whites, sparkling and rose...our award-winning wine list satisfies any palate., Fan Favorite Fridays: check out our freshly shucked oysters on the half shell. Coming soon to Boston!, #TBT to our training week at Ocean Prime New York. We are counting down the days until we start training in Boston!, Apply today! We're looking for Great People to deliver Genuine Hospitality to Boston. Join our opening team:http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, Who is Cameron Mitchell? Find out more about our President and Founder here: http://cameronmitchell.com/our-people/who-is-cameron-mitchell, Join our team! Meet our General Manager and Executive Chef at our hiring fair this week Tuesday & Friday from 10AM-7PM at the Seaport Hotel. http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, Servers, line cooks, hostesses, and more!. We are looking for great people to join our team for our November opening. Visit our hiring office this week (click for details) http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, This is how we roll! Our hand rolled sushi is a perfect plate to share with cocktails in our lounge or as a lighter dinner option in our dining room. We can't wait to unveil our many sushi options to you! http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, FSR Magazine featured Ocean Prime as a growing and thriving national restaurant group--learn more about how we're evolving: https://m.fsrmagazine.com/owner-operators/sum-all-parts, Want to be the first to know about our opening in November? Join VIPrime today: http://www.ocean-prime.com/vip, We are serious about seafood! Our regional chefs set sail in the Arctic Sea for the first catch of the season of Dutch Harbor Red King Crab. http://www.ocean-prime.com/table-talk/view/articleid/453/test-1, Visit our Hiring Fair on Wednesday (10/21) from 10AM-8PM at the Seaport Hotel (Larkin Room). We are looking for great people to deliver genuine hospitality! More info: http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, From the kitchen and bar, there is an appreciation for ingredients that comes through in every dish. The menu is classic and yet there is a modern sensibility to the preparations which range from sushi to indulgent seafood presentations, juicy steaks and decadent desserts. Check out just a few of our succulent seafood offerings., Join our VIPrime email list today and stay up-to-date on the latest news and information leading up to our opening in the Seaport District. Sign up: http://www.ocean-prime.com/vip, Meet our General Manager, Nick Foley! Nick prides himself on furthering the success of the establishments he’s worked for, and links that success directly back to his innate sense of hospitality. He is passionate about giving back, and hopes to inspire his team to do something charitable each week. Read more about Nick Foley here: http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston-winter-2015/restaurant-team, We pride ourselves on providing exceptional service. Our team members are “great people delivering genuine hospitality,” and it’s no accident that we put “people” first in our company motto. Heartfelt hospitality is our key to the consistently exceptional service you can expect at OCEAN PRIME. Join our team today! http://www.ocean-prime.com/our-story/work-with-us, Meet our Executive Chef! After nearly three years leading kitchens at Ocean Prime outposts in Denver, Atlanta and Philadelphia and nearly two decades of extensive fine dining experience, Mitchell Brumels joins the Ocean Prime Boston team as Executive Chef. Read more about Chef Brumels here: http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston-winter-2015/restaurant-team, We can’t wait to deliver an extraordinary experience to Boston! From our stunning settings and a vibrant energy, to an impressive menu of seafood and prime cuts of steak – and, don’t forget our signature cocktails, a Wine Spectator-honored wine list and truly genuine hospitality., We are looking for Great People to join our opening team! Visit our hiring office to meet our management team and apply today. http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, Introducing Ocean Prime Boston! Our restaurant will anchor the new 100 Pier 4 building, located in Boston’s bustling Seaport District. With a menu featuring the highest quality steak, seafood, handcrafted cocktails and an award-winning wine list, we are committed to delivering an extraordinary experience to each and every Ocean Prime guest. For us, the answer is ‘yes.’ What is the question? 

http://www.ocean-prime.com/locations-menus/boston, null)