List(Close, but not quite road-ready... so come on by the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market today 11a-3p to get your granola & shorties fix!, I had the pleasure of chatting with the The Boston Globe about why I love working with the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway for vending -- their flexibility, support and community are at the top of my long list of reasons. My mug didn't make the digital version, but if you get the Sunday Globe, you'll see me :), Keep the St. Patrick's Day festivities going with a pop up brunch at the Urbano Project tomorrow 10a-2p -- Exodus Bagels bringing their magical mojo and Third Cliff bringing the coffee/tea/cold brew and sweets, TCB around town this weekend! See you all at Egleston Farmers Market tomorrow, 10a -2p and at Brookline Winter Farmer's Market on Sunday 11a-3p, Come visit at The Farm Market at Mill No 5 today! Here with Valentine's goodies until 2 p.m. :-), If you're at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center 2016 Wine Show, come by booth #127 to pick up some Third Cliff treats & Lyndigo Spice, LLC spreads -- a great start to a wine and cheese platter :) 🍷, At Egleston Farmers Market today 10a-2p with a table full of (coincidentally) gluten-free goodies - swing by and try a salted peanut butter cookie, brown butter rice krispie or the classic Maple Nut Granola., Back in the farmers market swing! At Egleston Farmers Market today 10a -2p and Brookline Winter Farmer's Market tomorrow 11a-3p #boston #bostonfoodies #shoplocal, At Boston Public Market Association today until 3PM with stacks on stacks for your New Year's Eve celebrations -- resolutions start tomorrow!, @Kelly Hansen found a great chunk in her Maple Nut Granola today -- come get yours at Boston Public Market Association today 8a-8p and tomorrow 8a-3p, Have you tried the Third Cliff granola? Come by the Egleston Farmers Market today 10a -2p at The Urbano Project to check it out and pick up any last minute holiday gifts., Our last day at Boston Public Market Association before Christmas, come on through and check out the shortbread, granola, coffee and tea gifting options!, Had a blast this AM chatting with Julie Kramer at RadioBDC along with Top Shelf Cookies and Tia's about our pop up -- take a peek and come see us at Boston Public Market Association Wed - Sun this week and Tue-Thur next week! (Also after xmas, through New Years), Tune into RadioBDC this AM to hear Top Shelf Cookies and Tia's and myself talk about our Boston Public Market Association pop up -- just 2 wks left!, Serving the crunch goodness at Boston Public Market Association today until 8PM -- come and get your cup of Maple Nut Granola with Jubali Vanilla Honey Almond milk and apples from Silverbrook Farm Dartmouth., Come on by the Carousel on the @rosekennedygreenway tonight from 6-7pm for wonderful caroling by  The Revels and hot chocolate from Third Cliff with chocolate provided by Taza Chocolate -- tis the season!, What a great visit from Celeste of Lyndigo Spice, LLC -- happy to report to her that her chutney and relishes are one of my favorite ways to talk about the CommonWealth Kitchen gift basket. Thanks for coming, Celeste!, Starting to roll out holiday items at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market today -- 11a-3p in the Arcade Building in Coolidge Corner. Come on by to see stocking stuffers like this single-flavor gift box!, Bringing the shorties to Boston Public Market Association today 8a -8p at the CommonWealth Kitchen pop up shop. Come see and grab a dark chocolate chip cookie or brown butter rice krispie while you're here!, Wow, the CommonWealth Kitchen shop at Eat Boutique is lovely!! So pored to be a part of this fun holiday shop, Wed - Sun now through 12/20, Age dated this granola to the Paleodelicious Era -- come pick your bag up at @bostonpublicmarket today 8a-8p #bostonpublicmarket #boston, Spicy chocolate shorties front and (left of) center at Brookline Winter Farmer's Market today -- 11a-3p in The Arcade Building, At Boston Public Market Association 8a -8p today with shorties and granola -- perfect Black Friday shopping fuel!, On the way to Egleston Farmers Market today 10a-2p and @Boston Public Market tomorrow 8a-8p with shorties, granola and a few special treats., Nice snap from Top Shelf Cookies of me chalking the board in our cute little shop in Boston Public Market - come see me there tomorrow and Sunday 8a-8p., Such fun meeting the @NECN team and filming this segment - Rosie is now off-road for the winter, but Third Cliff is now roving through the CommonWealth Kitchen pop-up at @Boston Public Market as well as the Egleston Farmers Market, The Farm Market and Brookline Winter Farmer's Market at The Arcade. Check out the calendar on the website for specific dates and venues!, Tomorrow night at 9PM and 10pm tune into NECN Tonight to catch me chatting with the wonderful Latoyia Edwards --  nervous giggles and beauty shots of Rosie the Trike abound. (will post video afterwards for those w/o access to New England cable ☺), Thanks for the great pic, J'aime! Here at Boston Public Market Association from 8a-8p today, kicking off the CommonWealth Kitchen holiday baking pop-up. I'll be here every third day through New Year's. Come on by for some treats and see our space!, Looking great @CommonWealth Kitchen! Thanks for including us in this awesome basket -- available starting tomorrow at the CWK holiday pop up at Boston Public Market :), Aw @Brookline Winter Farmer's Market is making us blush! The feeling is mutual -- back at this great market for year 2 and loving it. Looking forward to a new season with a bunch of fresh faces and big plans. Come by Sundays 11a-3p and check it out!, Mini cupcakes for market special at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market today -- here until 3pm :), Prepping for the weekend -- markets galore! We'll be at Egleston Farmers Market Sat 10a-2p and Brookline Winter Farmer's Market in the Arcade building Sun 11a-3p. Plenty of time to get granola, shorties and this week's special... hand pies!, Today it holds a dramatic trashcan, but starting November 11th, this space will become something very special for the holidays... working on a secret project with Top Shelf Cookies Tia's and CommonWealth Kitchen ... #tease, Posted up at The Farm Market from 10-2 today and absolutely blown away by this space - it is so cool! Come check it out (and see TCB!)., Lovely day for a market visit! At Egleston Farmers Market until 2PM today. Come on by!, Join us at Egleston Farmers Market tomorrow 10a-2p and The Farm Market inside Mill No. 5 in Lowell on Sunday 10a-2p -- double-down on shortbread and granola!, Congrats to the Jeremiah E. Burke High School for winning the 10th annual School on the Move Prize from EdVestors -- great work and rapid improvement  in Boston Public Schools recognized (along w/ 2 fantastic runners up) at a breakfast this morning for 300 education - minded folks. TCB is proud to be a part of the celebration by creating "10" cookie-favors for guests., Come on by Egleston Farmers Market today until 2PM -- goodies and Mexican hot chocolate to warm you up on a chilly morning :), Join us tomorrow with Empaná, East Boston Oysters, HarborArts and Downeast Cider House in Eastie -- $10 suggested donation gets you into a spooky party with awesome music and pop up art gallery. Oooooooooh!, This rain wasn't on the forecast! Trike off-road today but back tomorrow, next Wed & Thur to finish our 2015 season on the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway, Join us this Friday for a spooky party in East Boston! Tricks & treats... and treats... and treats..., Making a return to the Egleston Farmers Market today! At the Urban Project 10AM -2PM with shorties, granola, hot chocolate & butter cookies. Mmmm butterrrr..., Enjoying the lovely day here at Surface & High with the trike until 1:30pm -- come on down!, Thanks to the awesome NECN crew for coming by to film the trike today! Stay tuned for a chance to see yours truly chat with the lovely Latoyia Edwards about the trike, mobile food in Boston and how Paul Crowley and I spent last winter in the basement., Lots of fun at ILLUMINUS last night -- thanks to all who came by to see the art & get a sweet, and to the Illuminus folks for having us. It was a real treat to serve surrounded by all mediums of art, including a massive percussion/light/audio piece played directly on the Green Monster. Huge thanks to #1 salesman, Elliott, for all of his help :), Coming in hot serving apple crisp with maple-bourbon whipped cream and Mexican hot chocolate at Illuminus tomorrow night. Fun starts at 6:30PM on Lansdowne Street. We'll be the ones with the big green trike. See ya there!, Whoops almost forgot to say the trike is out at Rowes Park  until 1:30PM today with fat stacks of cookies and our first hot coffee of fall (the lovely Santa Leticia from Barismo)., Next Saturday, 10/10 is big! Join us at @CommonWealth Kitchen 12-4PM for a make-your-own hand pie demo during the "Innovating in the Commonwealth's Food Economy" event (http://ow.ly/SWvrM), then 6:30-11PM swing through our tent on Lansdowne Street at Illuminus Boston 2015 to fortify yourself before catching some exciting visual and audio art., Great recap of the 2015 Boston Local Food Festival two weeks ago. Was a bit wild to see 40,000 Bostonians in just a few hours, but glad for the chance to show off the trike and share some goodies. Thanks for covering Bay State Banner!, Trike got soaked during storm yesterday so off road today & tomorrow for a proper fix-up. Back on Tues with fall menu & hot coffee., What a beautiful day to be out at North End Parks (across from Hanover St) for the @CityAwakeBoston community mural making until 3pm!, All dressed up and ready to go! At @bostonlocalfood fest on Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway 11a-5p today.  Come see me across from Faneuil Hall and next to the CommonWealth Kitchen tent. #blff15 #bostonfoodies #boston, Setup has begun! #blff kicks off in just a bit -- 11a-5p at the Greenway. Trike is next to Harbor Islands Info Center @ Surface & State., Trike at new Chinatown gate (Surface & Essex) 8:30a-2pm today., Wanted to see exactly how local I could get for the Boston Local Food Festival this Sunday, and Keelin from Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway totally delivered! Freshly harvested rosemary, thyme and basil grown in the Greenway demonstration gardens and destined to flavor shortbread and lemonade. Stop by the trike at the fest on Sun 11a-5p to see hyperlocal food in action. Thanks, Keelin!, Trike is @ Surface & High until 2PM on this lovely day, with cold brew, hibiscus lime ginger iced tea & plenty of sweets. Come on by!, Hand pies and cold brew galore at the trike today - 9a-1:30p at Surface & High on the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway -- come and get 'em!, This Sun 9/20 11a-5p - Boston Local Food Festival @ The Greenway. Visit me in the Commonwealth Kitchen tent & get your local eat/drink on!, Providing the human food & drink options at the Carnival of Dogs on the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway at North End Parks today - 9a-12p. Come on by!, Trike off road today due to rain & slippery roads - stay dry and see you all tomorrow!, Cool off with a cold brew - made with Meridiano by Barismo - on the trike today 9a-1:30p along with rosemary lemonade, hibiscus lime ginger iced tea, muffins, cookies & rice krispie treats., Berry hand pies at the trike today 8:30a-1:30p with plenty of cold drinks for this hot day. Surface & High - see ya there!, Fresh baked blueberry muffins to go with cold brew, HLG tea & rosemary lemonade, all heading to Chinatown Park in Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway (in front of the awesome Townsman patio)., Trike is on the way to Surface & High w/ cold brew, hibiscus lime ginger, rosemary lemonade and plenty of sweets to beat the heat! 9am-2pm, Thrilled to participate in the 6th Annual Boston Local Food Festival! Mark your calendars for Sunday, 9/20 11AM-5PM. The trike will be there, laden with goodies!, Trike will be at Surface & High today from 9AM-1:30 PM with the usual suspects, plus hibiscus, lime & ginger iced tea - mm, refreshing :), Woof woof! Join us at the Carnival of Dogs Sat 9/12 10AM -1PM at the North End Parks on the Greenway - we'll provide the human food alongside all sorts of fur-oriented vendors., Greenway Open Market - coming at ya with chocolate chip, brown rice krispies, cold brew & basil lemonade 1030am-2pm, Hello Chinatown! Set up at Essex and Surface in front of Townsman for the day (until 1:30PM). Come cool off with some cold brew or hibiscus line ginger iced tea!, Is it OK to have booze for breakfast if it's in the form of a bourbon marshmallow s'more? AKA The Drunken Girl Scout, on special $1/ea at the trike today #breakfastofchampions #whatwouldhuntersthompsondo, Slinging sweets and drinks from the trike st Surface and High until 1:30 today!, Gorgeous day at Surface & High! Come snag some cold brew or hibiscus line ginger iced tea to go with your sweets! @ trike til 1:30PM today, Thunderstorms look just scattered enough around Dorchester to make trike riding a gamble. Off road today to be safe & get ready for tomorrow :), Trike staying in out of rain today -  a sprinkle we can manage but lightning is just too scary!, Here at Rowes Park until 2PM with cold brew, iced tea, browned butter & dark chocolate rice krispie treats and more!, Enjoying this lovely day at Rowes Park - here with trike until 2PM., Hand pie special on the trike today! Only $2/ea and plenty of rosemary lemonade + cold brew to wash it down. @ Surface and High until 2PM #boston #bostonfoodies #baking @rosekennedygreenway, Selling goodies and cold drinks with a very handsome assistant today at the Carlson farms Peach Festival in Harvard, Mass -- come on by!, The new Friday location is extra special because I'm nestled into Kyu Seok Oh's "Wandering Sheep." Coffee + art are a perfect match. Throw some chocolate in and we're on in a new dimension!, Two exciting happenings this weekend for Third Cliff: 

-- Tomorrow, debuting a new Friday trike location: Essex & Kingston in Chinatown Park, in front of Townsman 9AM-2PM

-- Saturday will be at the 13th Annual Carlson Orchard Peach Festival in Harvard, MA from 10AM-4PM. Stop in at our table for some peach lemonade, hand pies and other special goodies!, Rain rain go away! Trike off road today to avoid thunderstorms. See you out there tomorrow!, Lovely day for an artisan market -- at Greenway Open Market with the trike today from 11AM-2PM. Come on down!, At Surface & High on this beautiful day w/ cold brew, 2 iced teas (Red Velvet & Hibiscus-Lime-Ginger) and plenty of treats -- until 1:30PM, Stacks on stacks on stacks today at Surface and High until 2PM :), Minor rain delay, but now set up with the trike at Surface and High with sweets and cold drinks for days, Adding a heat-proof snack for the day - roasted nuts with rosemary and plenty of cold drinks and sweets on the trike at Surface and India until 3PM, Chocolate chip & rice krispies at Greenway until 2 with icy drinks. No hot ones today - sorry Dan!, Trike still off road today but will be fixed and ready for tomorrow AM service, along with plenty of sweets and cold drinks for the hot day, Trike will be off road today -- apologies and hope to see you all out there tomorrow, On the way to the Greenway Open Market today with iced coffee, iced tea and plenty of sweets -- see you there!, Delayed morning post! These spicy choc-PB sammies and I are relaxing in the shade with Rosie the Trike at Surface and High until 2PM., Access to public art and quality baked goods are among the top criteria for ranking US cities. Thankfully, Boston makes the cut and with the installation of "Lo-Fab" by MASS Design Group, you can enjoy both right here at Rowes Park!, Out at Surface and High with sweets, coffee and tea. If the heat wave continues and this chocolate starts to melt, ill have to fall on my sword and eat it all. Save me!, null, null, At Rowes Park (Surface & High) until 2PM with sweets and bevs - see you there!, Exciting to be next to the fourth and final Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway Design Biennial art installation with Rosie today until 2PM. I see LOTS of wood, brackets & ladders... what could it be??, Beautiful day here on the Greenway! choc & PB sammies, hand pies, s'mores and all sorts of drinks til 2PM, Double-header today! At Hyde Square Task Force, 361 Centre Street, JP for Porchfest from 12-3PM, then at CommonWealth Kitchen Summer Fest, 196 Quincy Street, Dorchester from 4-7PM. What a beautiful day to see lots of music in JP and tour the kitchen/check out our baking neighbors at CWK., Blueberry muffin might have to become a series regular - can't get enough! Come and try one out on the Greenway today until 2PM, Third Cliff Trike going to wait out this early thunderstorm before hitting the road today -- will reassess after it passes., This guy has been looking at me all morning... "eat me! I'm a delicious browned butter blueberry muffin!", Yikes! Going to wait this out at the kitchen and hope it passes quickly! Trike delayed this morning until thunderstorms are through., Back in action! At Surface & High with Rosie the Trike. Beautiful day for a cold brew :), Love being back out on the Greenway! Enjoying the Open Market with cold brew, basil lemonade and shortbread galore., Two weeks from tomorrow, the Rosie the Trike and I will be at the CWK Summer Festival 4-7PM -- there will be food, drink and music galore! Come check out the Willy Wonka-meets-Google-meets-Top Chef space that we call home., Rosie is back!! New rear wheel on and functional with a huge thanks to Community Bicycle Supply and Lucky 2 Strokes for saving the day(s)! We'll be back out on Saturday with a full re-launch next week. Thanks all for your patience!, Thanks for having us out HarborArts, Inc. -- what a great night! Love events that bring art, food + music together., null, null, Let's kick off summer in a big way! Join us this Friday with Hey Empana and East Boston Oysters at Set Off the Summer -- summer kickoff, pop-up exhibit and all-around good time, hosted by HarborArts, Inc. in the shipyard in Eastie., Great news: Rosie's replacement wheel has been built. Less-great news: it is still in transit from NYC, so the she and I are sidelined until at least Thurs. Will update as soon as I'm able!, Rain rain go away! The trike will be off road today waiting out safer riding conditions. Hope to see you tomorrow!, Today is the last Indoor Brookline Farmers Market of the season! Third Cliff will be at The Arcade building from 12-5 with shortbread, granola and jam sammies. Hope to see you there!, Rosie the Trike is a little under the weather (aka an alignment issue) and will be off road this AM getting fixed. Will update when she's all better!, Mmm spicy chocolate + peanut butter! Slingin these yummy sammies plus iced tea & coffee at Surface & High until 2PM today. May I suggest the delicious cold brew made w/ Burundi beans from Red Eye Roasters as a pairing?, Fancy new sidewalk sign in action at Atlantic and High until 2PM -- icy bev's for this hot day!, Thrilled to start serving Red Eye Roasters beans from the Third Cliff Trike -- first batch of cold brew out for service bright and early tomorrow. Come check it out at Atlantic & High, across from the Boston Harbor Hotel., Sticking around town for the long weekend? Join us tomorrow at the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway Open Market, an artisan market presented by New England Open Markets. We'll be on the corner of India and Atlantic Streets from 10AM-2PM with iced tea, coffee and treats., Brrr a pour over day today!  At Surface and High on the Rose KennedyGreenway until 2PM - come warm up with a hot cup!, At Surface and High on the Greenway until 2PM - come get your pour overs,  iced tea, cold brew and shortbread!, Third Cliff Trike staying off-road today due to thunderstorms in the next few hours. Using the time to hatch grand plans for future… mwahaha!, At Brookline market today until 5PM with sweets, granola and coffee... only a few weeks left of this market so some stock up!, Kitchen Sink Sidewalk Sale! 1776 Mass Ave in Cambridge until 2PM with iced tea, cold brew, shorties and madeleines. Yum :), Hello Porter Square! Come out and hang at the Kitchen Sink Sale tomorrow and load up on sweets & coffee (aka shopping fuel). Big thanks to Susanna Cambridge for inviting us to participate!, Coffee & shorties for sale along with hot/cold tea/coffee. Excited to start serving Tea Guys teas, blended in Whatley, MA.  Rowes park until 2PM!, Refining and expanding the set up in week two. Today is day 1 for pour over hot coffee! Serving El Pilar by Barismo; a nicely balanced Guatemalan bean., Rowes Park 10 -2PM today! Come get all the pour overs, cold brew, and shortbread your heart desires., The Trike is off the road today to avoid thunderstorms -- see you back out there tomorrow AM at 8:30!, Keepin the jam sammies out of the sun -- 75 and sunny on the Greenway. Cool off with a cold brew today until 2PM!, In the shade today with cold brew and shortbread. Come cool off at Surface & High across from Boston Harbor Hotel until 2PM!, On the Greenway! At Rowes Park (High and Surfave) until 2PM with cold brew and shortbread., Today's market special -- raspberry jam sammies and vanilla with dark chocolate. Inside The Arcade 12-5 PM today., This is really exciting news from Eater -- two companies who have maintained their authenticity, creativity and quality for 10+ years of growth are now merging together. Scaling small biz while maintaining core identity is done well so infrequently that these guys/gals stand out across the coffee/food/creative/maker fields as stellar examples and sources of personal inspiration. Go Tartine + Blue Bottle!, A huge thanks to everyone who made it to the Greenway Spring Food Fest today! What a fanstastic afternoon -- made all the more incredible by the friends and family who came out in support. I'm overwhelmed and thankful beyond words. Can't wait to launch on May 5th as a Tue-Thur 8AM-2PM vendor. Cheers!, See you all tomorrow at the Spring Food Fest! The trike will make her debut 12-4PM at India Street & Surface Road., See you all at market today - come enjoy the sunshine!, Brookline Winter Farmers Market is closed today -- see you all next week!, Oh jeez! The cat's peekin out of the bag -- more details soon :), Reppin County Cork at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market today! I know where you can get great cultured butter (ahem, Vermont Creamery) or a fantastic jam (ahem, Silverbrook Farm Dartmouth) to go with your fresh soda bread -- 12-5PM., Kicking off the weekend with cookies + coffee. This week's featured bean is Barismo's Finca Santa Ana from Guatemala -- low acid, heavy chocolate. Mmmm chocolate., Hitting the kitchen tonight for Phase 2 of candied & dipped blooooood oranges -- one of this week's market specials!, Excited to get some Farmers Market inspiration at this Q&A tonight! Last minute, but other food-trepreneurs should join! Msg if you're interested for the RSVP link., null, Our last @EglestonFarmMkt of the season! Slinging shorties, granola, Barismo coffee, s' mores and marshmallows. Come stock up -- here until 2PM!, Friends - I'm sorry to say that Third Cliff will not be at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market this Sunday, 2/15/15. Stay warm and safe  during this crazy storm and we'll see you next Sunday with new specials! Here's a picture of a yummy mixed gift box as consolation., We're gonna double-down! Slingin shorties, granola and super-secret market specials Saturday and Sunday in JP and Brookline., Coffee + shortbread = breakfast of champions! This Finca Borbon from Barismo makes for a perfect pairing with lavender shortbread. Available at markets and on www.thirdcliffbakery.com now!, Dark chocolate all over the place at Brookline Winter Farmer's Market -- dipped shorties and walnut coins for market specials today! 12 - 5PM., Apple bread pudding with walnuts and bourbon glaze for Apple Fest at Egleston Farmers Market. Brave the storm and get yours - now until 2PM, Market special! Browned butter and lime madelines. Come and get 'em 12-5PM at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market., This week marks Third Cliff's 2-month anniversary and I couldn't be more grateful for all of the early support. You guys are the best! A special thank you to everyone who braved the cold for the markets this past weekend (lookin' at you, Ali Heard!). Looking forward to trying a few new items as markets specials next week to celebrate... any requests? :), Gearing up to double-down this Sat & Sun at not one, but two markets. We're looking at 22-32 degrees this weekend... practically balmy! So dust off your flip flops and come pick up some shorties & granola in Brookline & JP., Congratulations to Vermont Creamery! The Coupole is my favorite -- its got a great funky/fresh mix goin on., Come on down to the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market for your shortbread/granola/Barismo fix! 12-5 PM today., Debuting one option for gift boxes at the Brookline Winter Farmers Market today - tis the season!, It's up kids, it's up! Check out the brand spanking new Third Cliff website for all of your shortbread needs: www.thirdcliffbakery.com -- designed and built by the incomparable Emily Belyea Creative. Take a a peek and let me know what you think!, Exciting news for a rainy day: as of 8AM, Third Cliff is officially licensed and ready to start baking!. We'll celebrate with our first vendor's table at the Brookline Winter Farmer's Market this Sunday, alongside the amazing roasters Barismo coffee - be sure to come by and check it out!, The name Third Cliff Bakery refers to the third of four "cliffs" shaping the shoreline in Scituate, MA. It's a spot where the Crowley & Heard clans spent(d) summer days playing sandy Scrabble and jumping in water so cold it'll jump-start your heart -- even in the height of summer!, Exciting things happening soon: Stay tuned for info on where/when to get Third Cliff Bakery shortbread starting mid-November!, null, Gorgeous photos courtesy of Kelly Hansen, null, null, These are Third Cliff's foundation flavors - we hope you enjoy and welcome suggestions via photo comments!)