List(What's your favorite item on the menu?, Passover is less than a month away - let us do the cooking for you! Passover Catering Menu up our website www.zaftigs.com., Knish Happens...Meat, Potato, Broccoli & Cheddar and Reuben, New Catering Menu is up! Breakfast Meeting, Party, Corporate Luncheon to Kidush - We've got you Covered! www.zaftigs.com, Now Accepting Holiday Orders for Passover!, Hard to just have one!, null, null, You Host and We'll do the Cooking! Put in your Thanksgiving Orders today!, Come stop by and see us this morning in Brookline at Capital One 360 Cafe at 1327 Beacon from 7:30-9:30 - Pastrami & Swiss, Egg & Cheddar, Muenster Canadian Bacon & Tomato!, null, It's that time of year again! Now accepting Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur orders in Brookline and Natick. Give us a call or email us at catering@zaftigs.com to place your order today!, St. Patty's Day Special! This delicious boiled dinner is $11.95 for lunch and $13.95 for dinner! Corned beef, cabbage, parsnips, and carrots!, Zaftigs in Natick is experimenting with new, homemade cheesecake flavors! What's your favorite?! Today we tried a chocolate swirl with chocolate - graham cracker crust!, Zaftigs in Brookline will be closing at 3pm on New Years Eve. Have a Happy New Year, everyone!, Zaftigs in Brookline will be closing at 3pm on Christmas Eve, too! Have a happy and safe holiday!, Zaftigs in Natick will be closing at 3 on Christmas Eve and closed Christmas Day! Happy Holidays and safe travels! ❄️🎁, Our retail cases are fully stocked! Hurry in and pick up all your #Thanksgiving fixings before the snow comes!, What's special about November 14? It's National Pickle Day! Don't worry, we forgot, too. Good thing we have half sours, full sours, and sour tomatoes on hand. Come in and -- belatedly -- celebrate!, Hello everyone! The Coolidge Corner Zaftig's will be closing tonight at 7pm to host a private function. We will reopen tomorrow morning at 8am. Thank you!, Place your Thanksgiving Catering orders with us! Accepting orders in Natick and Brookline until Nov. 22nd! 
http://www.zaftigs.com/images/menu-pdfs/Thanksgiving-menu-2014.pdf, We know it feels like fall, so we made some butternut squash soup. Now it tastes like fall, too!, Zaftig's in Brookline is going to our winter hours. They are Sunday thru Wednesday 8am-9pm; Thursday thru Saturday 8am-10pm. Thank you everyone!,  http://instagram.com/p/uEZlBsB3XE/, It's cold, it's rainy. It's perfect weather for our house made chicken matzo ball soup. The cure for the rainy day blues!, New Z-Shirts have arrived! Special shoutout to Mark Sawyer for his awesome idea, "Meshugener Daddy" We carry sizes SM-XXL, offered in both locations! Get yours today - these serve as great gift ideas :), Want to get to know us a little better? Check out our video on http://www.yelp.com/biz/zaftigs-delicatessen-brookline, Celebrate Rosh Hashanah at Zaftigs! Dinner special for tonight - $19.95 includes appetizer and dessert!, Tonight's Rosh Hashanah holiday menu is your choice of a cup of chicken soup or chopped liver with bagel chips. Followed by your choice of either braised brisket with vegetable gravy or honey roasted chicken (white meat or dark meat). The entrees come with sweet potato tzimmes, roasted rosemary potatoes, and the vegetable of the day. For dessert a plain sponge cake, or a lemon sponge cake with strawberries and whip cream, or our delicious house made cheesecake with blueberry compote. 
Come and get it!, All ready for the New Year!, Perfect comfort food!! Zaftig's homemade baked Mac and Cheese - a must try!!, Gluten free update: Zaftig's in Brookline is now serving Angry Orchard cider!, The Boston Globe visited Zaftigs Brookline a little while back. Take a look at today's paper, or http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/09/16/for-these-deli-owners-jewish-holiday-food-comes-from-their-own-menus/VHXxTLF4kBLtj8JOeqmUxI/story.html, Did you snap a picture at one of our Zaftigs locations? Do you think it has what it takes to be the Photo of the Week? Put it on our wall or send it to one of our Twitter accounts: @ZaftigsNatick or @ZaftigsDeli (Brookline). Every Sunday we'll pick the winner and announce it Monday!, Hey Facebook - our 2014 Rosh Hashanah/Yom Kippur Catering Menu is available! Go to zaftigs.com and click menus - holiday. , Labor Day Weekend Mexicatessen at Zaftigs Natick!! Come enjoy $3 cervazas, tilapia quesadillas, homemade guacamole, and our breakfast burrito!, null, Zaftigs in Natick was nominated to do the ALS ice bucket challenge and now they nominate some of the staff at the Brookline Zaftigs - Lynne Uberti, Jose Gutierrez, Julia Hoogeboom,  Matt Otten, Bobby Cappelo Bob Shuman. You now have 24 hours!, Hey FB friends - what do you think about "Finders Kippers" for a new Z-shirt idea? What about "Hey Macaroon-A" We need your clever ideas!!!, To all who have recently liked our FB page - Follow us on Twitter : @ZaftigsNatick and Instagram : Zaftigs5757 !!, We need new catch phrases for our next Z-Shirt printing! Send us your clever ideas! Promotional details to follow.., https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=335156633313404&id=100004572099004, http://instagram.com/p/pcVr-3B3TV/, As the World Cup kicks-off (get it ?!?) don't forget we've got TVs by the bar!!, Come in and enjoy a cool atmosphere and our friendly staff!! AC is on :), Zaftig's homemade "Red Zangria", Zaftigs Natick now offers DRAFT BEER !! Sam Seasonal, Sam Lager and Harpoon IPA $5 each !, Here's the link to our 2014 Passover Catering Menu !! Now accepting orders - place yours today ! 
http://www.zaftigs.com/images/menu-pdfs/Zaftigs-Passover-menu-2014.pdf, Cornbeef & Cabbage dinner! $13.95 - served with potatoes, carrots and parsnips. Happy St. Patrick's Day !!, http://abcnews.go.com/Health/t/story?id=117888&ref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F

Have you tried our famous homemade matzo ball chicken soup ?!, Special of the week! Get it while it lasts - homemade fettuccine bolognese sauce and garlic bread only $10.95 :) Available in both locations!!, Our food LOOKS better than it sounds ! Check us out  on Instagram @zaftigs5757 :), Heading into the new year, Zaftigs is looking for new menu ideas !! Perhaps, new dinner entrees?? Future requests for a special soup of the day?? Please send us your ideas and feedback :), If your in the Natick area doing last minute holiday shopping, stop in for dinner and relax with  a special holiday cocktail!! Pick up some small gifts and stocking stuffers on the way out :), Need great gift ideas ?! New Z-Shirts are in !! "Knish upon a star" and "Happy Challahdays", Stock up on our home made chicken matzo ball soup or Chef Jose's famous corn chowder to help stay warm during the storm :), Holiday parties and events are in full swing !! Think of us for your catering needs !! Mention this post when placing your catering order before December 23rd and receive 10% off :), Make your reservation today for a delicious Sunday brunch with old friends or visiting family !!, Today's the day to pick up your last minute holiday fixings 😉Our retail case in Natick is stocked with plenty of potato pancakes - sweet or regular, matzo ball or butternut squash soup, fruit or sausage stuffing, mini sized or regular homemade cheesecake, sufganiyot, and much more!!, null, Stop in for lunch for an oversized sandwich accompanied by our homemade potato salad or homemade coleslaw!! Also, coming soon homemade BORSCHT -- served hot or cold !!, Brookline and Natick are accepting your Thanksgivukkah orders until Thursday, November 21st -Place yours today !! 

http://www.zaftigs.com/images/menu-pdfs/Zs-Tgiving-Menu-2013.pdf, Starting Tuesday, we will have SUFGANIYOT available in both locations!! Limited quantity -- please call ahead for bulk orders :), Zaftigs does catering of all types -- corporate or social, casual or formal, buffet or sit down, holiday and more! With Black Friday approaching us we encourage you to keep your retail staff motivated with endless deli options !, Come warm up on this gloomy day with a bowl of homemade garden tomato soup or our signature chicken matzo ball soup !! :), Get your Thanksgivukkah Z-Shirt while they last !! Available in both locations :) We are accepting Thanksgivukkah catering orders until November 21st!, Thanksgivukkah Catering Menus are out !! Plan ahead and place your order today! Click the link to view all the fixings - http://www.zaftigs.com/index.php/menu-2/holiday-menu, What a beautiful fall day !! Join us in Natick for dinner -  test out our cream of mushroom soup accompanied by a spiced rum cider with a cinnamon-sugar rim :), If you are familiar with Zaftigs, you are certainly familiar with the eye catching, whimsical artwork we have furnished both restaurants with created by the talented, Danny O. The long, close-nit friend of Zaftigs has recently been diagnosed with Stage 4 Tongue Cancer. Please show your support by donating to the fundraiser and/or sharing this post. To view Danny O's art go to - www.dannyostudio.com . Thank you !

http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/fundraiser-for-danny-o, Get your costume on !! Do you resemble our near and dear Nanny Fanny ?! Put your red dress on, send us your picture, winner gets $100 gift card !!! Best lookalike will be announced Halloween day ., Stop by for dinner and enjoy a childhood favorite : 1/2 a grilled cheese on thick cut challah with tomato - basil soup !!, Our cocktail menu speaks of autumn, so pop in & try one of our newest alcoholic libations, available only in the Natick (Rte. 9) location., Or, is it sundae? Satisfy sweet teeth tonite w/ double chocolate fudge cake, Boston cream pie or homemade rice or bread puddings., Kids krave hot dogs. Why fight it? Ours are all beef giants, grilled on a bun with fries (or terrific baked beans), so give ‘em a treat., Or is that Fry Day? Our crispy beer-battered fish n’ chips w/ malt vinegar will make you think you’re in an English pub., Nothing says deli like a fish plate with all the fixin’s: bagel (10 kinds), schmear, lettuce, tomato, capers, etc. Three fish = $16.95., Boston Magazine says our breakfasts can’t be beat (2013), but hey, don’t forget we also serve lunch and dinner daily seven days a week., BBQ brisket, blintzes, borsht, beef barley soup, all beef hot dogs, banana bread, black bean burger, baked meatloaf, bagels, biscuits, BLTs., One potato, two potato, three potato pancakes, just $8.95 for 3 with applesauce and sour cream any time of day., It’s football season, so snuggle up with your TV for a few hours and relax with takeout from Zaftigs (hey, good time to try our cheesecake)., Hot mulled apple cider is back for the fall at Zaftigs!! Order it "as is" or snazz it up with Spiced Rum ... rhymes with Yum..., Bartender Rachel in Natick has a trick for making a plain ole vodka-tonic more colorful. Add a splash of cranberry juice. Pink and perky., Need to slim down after the high holidays? We offer not one, not four, but 13 different types of entrée salads to keep calories in check., Tonite’s the nite you could very well Get Latke. Come to Zaftigs/Natick on Rte. 9E from 7-9 PM and meet area singles over deli and beers., What goes better w/ Sunday football than a sandwich piled high with cold cuts (and pickles)? Watch the game with us, or score with takeout., Attention all you singletons. You could score a date by next Saturday. Come to our 2nd Get Latke event on Monday nite in Natick @ 7PM. Zaftigs.com, Atonement can work up an appetite. We’re open 8 AM til 9 PM for meals, and catered Yom Kippur dishes from smoked fish to raspberry rugelah., Blessings on our friends, family and loyal diners as we celebrate Yom Kippur beginning tomorrow. Come see us before or after temple., How time flies. Yom Kippur’s in 3 days but who has time to cook? Rush to Zaftigs for your holiday catering needs. Breathe a sigh of relief., Good news ! We are still accepting Yom Kippur orders !! Choose from fresh deli salads, smoked fish platters, babkes, Cheryl Ann's round challah, and more !!!, Two more days to place your Yom Kippur orders !! Visit zaftigs.com to view our Holiday Catering Menu !!, Happy New Year to all. We're here all day for your last-minute needs ... tzimmes? challah? gefilte?, May you find strength and happiness in the company of your family this holiday season. Peace and good will from Zaftigs., Our cases are stocked with goodies for the New Year, so pop in and get your feast to go., 2 weeks from today, Zaftigs/Natick hosts Get Latke, a metrowest singles night, 6-9 PM. Last time, we lacked men in the 50+ age group. Help., Jewish New Year is Wednesday. Give some thought to what you'll be serving. Then come to us., Last day to pre-order your Zaftigs holiday feast; pick ups begin tomorrow., Servers are standing by to make your first dinner of September a hearty and economical one. Chicken Pot Pie? Mac n’ Cheese? Brisket? Fish?, Last two days to pre-order your Zaftigs holiday feast; pick ups begin on Monday., Wow. It’s the end of August already. What a summer. What a perfect day for a huge overstuffed deli sandwich & a vanilla egg cream., Celebrate Labor Day weekend 2013 by taking your whole family to brunch this weekend. Do let us know what you think of our new bagels., Don’t forget (you couldn’t) that Yom Kippur begins on Friday the 13th. Zaftigs has you covered w/ whole baked salmons, fish platters & more., Fruit crisps, macaroons, challah bread pudding, chocolate babke, rugelah & lemon sponge cake. All on our catering menu for Rosh next week., OMG. That’s the name of the new local company we’re buying our bagels from, and folks are going nuts over the OMG Vegetable Bagel., Some Zaftigs items only come around @ the holidays. This year, we’ve got many yummy options to make your life easier. View ‘em online., S is for Sunday. Also smoked ham, sour tomatoes, salmon filet, stuffed cabbage, slaw, sirloin burgers, swiss cheese and sprouts., Yikes. There’s only 10 days til Rosh Hashanah. Better check out our high holiday catering menus online @ zaftigs.com and place an order soon., Tell ya what, ladies. Bring a male friend of your acquaintance to Get Latke and we’ll reduce your admission cost from $25 to $15. More details soon., Monday nite’s Get Latke singles event in Natick was killer. But boy, do we need to see more men at the next one, Sept. 16. Where are you all?, Get Latke @ Zaftigs/Natick tonite. Jewish singles can mix & mingle over lox & bagels (and more) from 5 PM to 8 PM.  Rte. 9E, Sherwood Plaza., Thanks Boston Magazine for voting us, again, Best Breakfast. But, where's our award for best brunch, lunch, dinner and cocktails? Oh well., OMG, Rosh Hashana is coming up fast (Sept. 4). Check out our 30-item catering menu online today. www.zaftigs.com., Spike up your lemonade tonight. Make it pink with pomegranate liqueur and Grey Goose Citron vodka. All bar cocktails are just $9 each., P is for potato pancake, peanut noodle salad, patty melt, pickles, pot pie, pastrami and pudding (rice, bread, grapenut & chocolate)., Spiff up for our 1st ever Jewish singles event in Natick, just 6 days away.  Maybe you’ll meet Dr. Delicious over brisket., Making friends over 'pastrami and pickles' in Natick
http://www.metrowestdailynews.com/news/x606652667/Making-friends-over-pastrami-and-pickles-in-Natick, Meteor shower tonite @ 10 PM. Fuel up for a late night with a hearty meal at Zaftigs, where our deli, desserts & delectables are celestial., Just back from vacation?  Not quite ready to go back into the kitchen? Zaftigs to the rescue. Serving Saturday night dinner til late., Calling Singles: Just cause ya live in Brookline doesn’t mean ya can’t Get Latke @ our Natick store. Score a date over deli 8/19, 5-8 PM., Zaftigs is excited abut our new bagel vendor: OMG Bagels. Order one today and tell us what you think., Thanks to all our supporters !, Sign up for Zaftig’s new monthly newsletter -- What’s Nu? --  online @ zaftigs.com. The August edition will be out any minute …, Thursday = I Want Out of the Kitchen Day. Zaftigs has lots of dinner entrees (and wine) so throw down that apron and get in here., One month til Rosh Hashana.  We promise to have our extensive 2013 holiday menu posted online shortly. We like to think ahead and so do you., At Zaftigs, our motto is: Let Us Be Your Jewish Mother. Recipes here taste just like you remember from childhood, minus the guilt., Amazingly, some folks still don’t know a) we are in Natick on Rte. 9E and b) that we serve breakfast, brunch lunch & dinner daily., Buzz is building about Get Latke, our own take on the singles dating scene, but w/ deli. Come to our Natick store August 17th.  More later., Bye-bye, July. Come to Zaftigs try “The Egg and Eye:” a hefty sirloin burger with an over-easy egg and provolone cheese on top. O-o-o-o-o-o-h., Heads up, bachelor. Zaftigs/Natick hosts its first Jewish Singles Night next month. Yes, you can get a date over deli. We call it Get Latke., Check this out !! Zaftig's latest review ! Come join us and see for yourself ..

http://jeffcutler.com/food-travel-blog/zaftigs-natick-full-review-and-photos-breakfast-for-lunch-or-anytime/#.UfWrZ2S9Kc2, Recently, a gentleman came to our Natick store on his 84th birthday. Had to have beef tongue. Our staff had it in his hands in 2 minutes., We know. It’s not easy to find decent chopped liver in this town. So when ya gotta have some (on marble rye), count on Zaftigs to deliver., As this steamy month of July comes to an end, stop into our cool dining room for the classic Cobb Salad of your dreams.  $12.95., Need a treat? Customers rave about our generously buttercream-topped cupcakes, in carrot, vanilla, red velvet & salted caramel. $3 apiece., You wouldn’t believe how many negotiations take place @ Zaftigs over salami and eggs with rye toast.  Take a breakfast meeting here., When was the last time you got knished ? 
, Virtually any item on Zaftigs menu can be put up for takeout, so don’t be shy. We know sometimes you just-can’t-cook-one-more-family-meal., There’s a full moon tonite, folks. If you feel like howling, come try one of Zaftigs cold and potent summer cocktails before dinner., Sunday is brunch day. Ours consistently wins raves for value & selection. Can you say Chocolate Brioche French Toast w/ raspberry sauce?, There’s a lot going on in Beantown this weekend. Cram in your summer fun and come to us for a stress-free meal in delightful AC., Headed to the Cape tonite? Better pack food; you could be on the road for awhile. May we suggest BBQ chicken breast on onion roll to go?, What makes Holly’s Heavenly Salad so celestial? Crisp baby spinach, goat cheese, Craisins, walnuts and red onion w/ raspberry balsamic., We all have a bubba. Some make juicy, slow-cooked brisket. If yours doesn’t/won’t/can’t, come to Zaftigs for Grandma’a Brisket dinner. $16., When was the last time you got knished ? 
, null, Tuesdays beg for Turkey Burgers; ours are lean, seasoned & topped with cranberry-apricot chutney. How ‘bout housemade stuffing on the side?, There’s a reason Zaftigs’ Reuben-stuffed knish with homemade Russian dressing has become legendary. Come taste one. You’ll understand why., Bastille, Schmastille. Be revolutionary today and stop by for our herb roasted ½ chicken, and yes, the fries on the side will be French., Come on, you know you’re craving stuffed cabbage. Two, w/ cranberry-tomato sauce is $6.95. Add noodle kugel & make a satisfying summer meal., Zaftigs sources only the best. All our traditional nova, whitefish and salmon comes to us direct from Acme Smoked Fish, Brooklyn, New York., Out of town relatives staying in a metro-west area hotel? Let ‘em know we serve full breakfasts daily from 7 AM; right on Rte. 9 eastbound., Zaftigs encourages you to enjoy the salad days of summer: spinach, wedge, Greek, Cobb, Caesar, Chicken, Nicoise, Couscous & more from $7-13., This local delicatessen legend buys local, too. Superb full sours from Reagle Pickle of Worcester, bagels made on Rte. 9, and meat from Boston Brisket., Headed out for vacation this week? Pack a quart of our outstanding brisket chili ($9.95) and forget about cooking dinner on Day One., Zaftig's next generation !! T-shirts for all ages !!, Wake up & smell the latkes. Breakfast served whenever you roll in. Try San Francisco Joe: turkey hash w/ eggs, spinach, onion and ‘shrooms., Celebrate the Fourth on the Sixth.  We got yer hot dogs, hamburgers, grilled and fried fish, fruit salads and more right here in Natick., It’s beach time. Don’t get caught cold cut-less. Quality deli meat avail. for takeout daily @ Zaftigs: salami, turkey, ham, roast beef., When only ultra-fast takeout fare will do, drive up to Zaftig’s Deli and let our snappy counter help wrap your meal to go in minutes flat., Make a salad into dinner. We let you top it with grilled salmon, steak, chicken or falafel, then chose from 11 housemade dressings. From $7., Zaftig’s loves to surprise diners w/ non-deli menu items like sirloin tips, Cobb or Nicoise Salad, Turkey Burgers, Salmon, Mac n Cheese., Need a ride to the 'tigs this holiday weekend? Use Über cars! Enter this code - whfyn. Get $20 credit. See you soon!, Our name is Zaftig’s, but we’ll help keep you slim with salads, grilled and roasted items, fresh fish and five soul-soothing soups., Our bagels are baked @ Widoff’s of Worcester, from a 100-year-old recipe. And you better believe we have all the right stuff to put on top., Need a knish fix? Don’t drive to New York, come to Zaftig’s/Natick. We make 4 kinds + borscht, knockwurst, Gefilte fish, latkes & pastrami., Why on earth would you cook tonite when Zaftig’s has the perfect lemony grilled chicken breast with sides and a true sour pickle?, When is a deli not a deli? When it’s a daily breakfast spot, a burger joint, a cocktail lounge, a bakery and a soda fountain. Zaftig’s., null, The "Bring Your Bubbala" party @ Zaftigs/Natick this week was well-attended, with metrowesters connecting over cocktails and knish. Knish happens, right?, Chocolate rugelach... Yum!, Reuben knish topped with Russian dressing., Potato pancake topped with dill cream sauce and sliced salmon..., We’ve been told our giant, warm and fluffy cheddar biscuits are better than Mama’s. Don’t you think you’d better come in and try one?, Brunch. Not just on Sunday, but everyday. At Zaftig’s where we take eggs (and lox and hash and latkes and challah) quite seriously., Kugel it. Anybody can Google it. This is way more satisfying and delicious. Zaftig’s house-made noodle kugel is sweet & cinnamon-y.  $4.95., null, Dads love breakfast/brunch, and ours is simply the best in Metrowest, says Boston Magazine.  Just walk in. See you on Sunday., Dinner's on you, so bring Dad here for a relaxing time: steak tips, fish n' chips, roast chicken, cocktails, deli and so much more., Father's Day Weekend !! Treat Dad to breakfast, lunch, or dinner !! $3 Beer specials, great gift ideas, and more !!, Knish Me. Red Lox. Happy Challah-days. Our whimsical, white-on-black T-shirts let Dad speak his mind. Pick 'em up here; $15., null, Come visit us this Saturday, 12 - 3PM at Devotion School, 345 Harvard St. Brookline, for the 6th Annual Brookline Food Festival !! Enjoy some great food and art !!

http://coolidgecornerartsfestival.com/Release.html, Carole King at Zaftigs !!, It's hot!! Quench your thirst with one of our signature cocktails at our Natick location today!!, We are happy to open our doors at 8am today in Brookline, welcome back Boston!, Unfortunately we will not be open for dinner service today in Brookline, we are however planning to open tomorrow at 8am. We will post in the morning as any event tonight may alter our decision., For the public's safety as well as our staff's, our Brookline location is closed until "Suspect #2" is captured.  Please be safe., God bless Boston. We love our city!, Well,  Passover is officially over, back to the leavened breads. If you did observe the holiday, what would be your first meal back?  The New Yorker, Buttermilk Pancakes, any of our delicious French Toasts, a Delicious Reuben???  Curious on what you craved during the holiday..., Happy Passover!  Bring on the Matzo!, Sad that we can't open on Saturday? Catch us tomorrow morning at 10:30 on tv38, Chef Lisa is in studio with Dan from the Phantom Gourmet, get your appetites ready for Sunday brunch!!, Updated Storm Hours:
Both locations will be opened from 8am-8pm on Friday.
Both locations will be closed on Saturday for the safety of our staff and guests alike.
Please be safe., Avoid the craziness at the supermarket!!!  Shop at Zaftigs and stock up on your favorites, Chicken & Matzo Ball Soup, Corned Beef, Knishes, Fresh Baked Breads...then go home, light the fire (or flashlights), tuck in and keep both you and your belly warm!!!, Brrr.....need some warming up?  We've got the answer, our famous Chicken & Matzo Ball Soup.  It will warm your soul!, Please note our hours for each location for December 31st:
Natick will be closing at 3pm.
Brookline will be closing at 8pm.

Both locations will open at 8am on Tuesday, January 1, 2013, resuming normal business hours.

Have a safe and Happy Holiday from our family to yours!, Corned Beef or Pastrami?, Please note our Holiday hours for both locations:
Monday, December 24th, Closing at 3pm.
Tuesday, December 25th, Closed all day.
Wednesday, December 26th, Resume regular hours, opening at 8am.
HAPPY CHALLAHDAYS!!!, Please note our Holiday hours for both locations:
Monday, December 24th, Closing at 3pm.
Tuesday, December 25th, Closed all day.
Wednesday, December 26th, Resume regular hours, opening at 8am.
HAPPY CHALLAHDAYS!!!, We've got our latest shipment of t-shirts in.  Red Lox in Navy Blue, Oy to the World in Red (a Facebook contest winner), Happy Challahdays in Blue, just to name a few, and....you asked for them....Knish Me Onesies and t-shirts for the kiddies, sizes ranging from Newborn to Large Youth.  For the adult shirts, we are waiting for XL shirts to arrive, but we have plenty of Small, Medium & Large available.  Get them while supplies last., Happy Hanukkah! Both locations are stocked with Mini Potato Pancakes, Cheese Blintzes along with other goodies including Sufganiyot!!, Watch us on the Phantom Gourmet today at 11am. Chef Lisa is in the studio with Dave discussing our favorite comfort foods., Both locations are closed today in observance of Thanksgiving. Have a safe and wonderful holiday., No time to go to the grocery store?  Shop at Zaftigs for all of your Thanksgiving needs.  We've got everything you would need for a complete meal.  Don't miss our fresh and amazing side dishes like Caramelized Butternut Squash, Corn Pudding with Cheddar Cheese and Classic Creamed Spinach.  We have a limited amount of Apple Pies and Pumpkin Pies as well.  From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving., Who wants a $25 gift card to Zaftigs? T-shirt contest!!!! Translate silent night, merry Xmas, any popular saying from Xmas to Judaism, game on!!! Be creative, you will be acknowledged! We new t-shirt ideas. Thank you and good luck!, Good Evening, due to the inclement weather, both locations will be closed on Monday, October 29, 2012 for the safety of our staff and guests alike.  We plan to reopen Tuesday at our normal business hours.  Thank you for your understanding, be safe., L'Shana Tova!  Happy New Year, hope you have a safe and wonderful holiday with friends & family.  Thank you all for your patronage during the holiday season., So, we always get requests to open in Florida....so we ask....where is the best place to open in Florida?  If not the Sunshine state, then where would you like to see us?  Would love all of your input, you never know what can happen...., The 2012 Yom Kippur catering menu is also now available! Please place all Yom Kippur orders by Monday, September 17th.  Last minute orders will be accepted, however, items may be limited., The 2012 Rosh Hashanah catering menu is now available!
Please place all holiday orders by Monday, September 10th so that we can give your order the attention it deserves.
Last minute orders will be accepted, however, items may be limited., Stay cool during the heatwave with one of our new Private Label Sodas.  Choose from the following thirst quenching options:  Strawberry, Grape or Raspberry Lime Rickey (The Chef's personal favorite).  Now being offered ice cold at both locations., Congrats to all the grads!  We've loved serving you the past four years, good luck to all!!, Go to bat for Brookline kids at Fenway Park on May 19, 1-4pm!  Batter up, explore the Clubhouse and Green Monster on a VIP tour, eat unlimited concessions, meet Wally, see the World Series Trophies up close, and more, in support of the Brookline Community Mental Health Center Kids’ Fund. Tickets and more info: www.believeinbrooklinekids.org
, Today is a New England Clam Chowder kind of day!  Come to our Natick location where we are serving it up daily and get a bowl for lunch., Both locations are now offering udi's gluten free white bread, whole grain bread and plain bagels., Our 2012 Passover Menu is now available and we have many exciting offerings!  
Place your order soon, as quantities are limited.  
Please call your preferred location:  
Brookline 617.975.0075 or Natick 508.653.4442, null, We've been nominated by the Boston Phoenix for Best Jewish Deli.  Click on the link to vote for us!!  We appreciate your business and support., Happy Birthday to our NATICK location, they turned 1 on February 28th!!!  The celebration is still going on, dine at our NATICK store and say Happy Birthday to your server and receive a free cup on our world famous Chicken and Matzo ball soup.  This deal is valid for today, Friday, March 2, 2012 only., Tune in to TV38 and watch us on the Phantom Gourmet, afterwards, head on over for some delicious food., Hosting a Pat's Party?  Going to one?  Wow all with a Deli Platter with all the fixings!!!  Pre-orders phoned in by 6pm tonight will receive a 10% discount.  Discount applies to plattered items only from our catering menu.  Click on the link to view our menu.  Available at both locations: Brookline 617-975-0075, Natick 508-653-4442, Calling all Early Birds, come to Natick and check out our new early bird menu......, We are ready for Chanukah, are you?  Come visit us in Brookline or Natick and stock up on our yummy offerings.  We've got mini potato pancakes, mini knishes, our famous chicken soup and beef brisket to name a few.  Happy Challahdays!!!!, Both locations are brimming with all the fixings you need for your Thanksgiving meal.  Among the offerings:  Classic Green Bean Casserole, Corn & Cheddar Pudding (The Chef's Favorite) and Creamed Spinach to name a few.  Don't forget about dessert, Apple, Pumpkin & Pecan Pies are also available.  Have a safe & Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours!, Orders must be received by November 19th. Here's how to order..., Let Zaftigs assist with making your Thanksgiving memorable this year!  

The new Thanksgiving catering menu is now available!  

This year's offerings include delicious appetizers, main courses, fixings, accompaniments and sweet finishes!, Banana French Toast, Challah French Toast or Chocolate Brioche French Toast?  What's your favorite?, Both locations are fully stocked with all your needs for the break fast.  Nova, Pastrami Lox, Belly Lox, Sable, Kippered Salmon Salad, Herring, Whitefish, Assorted Cream Cheeses, Bagels, Blintzes......and so much more to offer.  Looking forward to seeing familiar faces during the holiday., Ring in the New Year with our House Made offerings!  Both locations will be stocked with all your favorite foods as well as some new items (Kibbutz Salad anyone?). Come quickly, first come first serve.  We will also have a dinner special starting at sundown on Wednesday and Thursday., Check out our 2011 Rosh Hashana & Yom Kippur offerings.  A lot of great foods to compliment your special day!, Out of power?  Both of our locations are up and running and ready to serve you breakfast, lunch & dinner while you wait it out.  Come in for some hot coffee and brighten up your day!, To ensure safety for both our employees and guests, both locations will be closed all day, Sunday August 28th, due to Hurricane Irene.  Stay safe everyone!!, We now have Bialys directly from New York in our Freezer section in Natick.  Toast them up at home for a delicious start to your day!!!, Now offering Gluten Free Cheese Raviolis with House Made Tomato Sauce in our Natick location only.  Join us for lunch & dinner and enjoy the special while it lasts., Holiday Hours for the Fourth of July are as follows:

Brookline 8am-8pm
Natick 8am-3pm

Have a safe & happy holiday., Random Q #2:  What's your favorite breakfast dish?  So much to choose from......., Come visit our Natick location for all of your 4th of July BBQ needs.  Our famous Potato Salad, Creamy Macaroni Salad, Sirloin Burgers and more signature items from our deli & freezer cases.  Don't forget about breakfast, classic Bagels & Lox. Chubs are hard to come by these days, we are offering Bering Cisco as an alternative, they look like Chubs, but taste so much better.  Come by and ask for a taste!!, Natick now has free wifi!!!  Finally......, null, How does this sound:  Fenway Franks loaded with Chili & Cheddar Cheese!!
Grilled Sweet Italian Sausage with Peppers & Onions in a soft roll (The sausages are from the actual "Sausage Guy" on Landsdowne!!!  Want some?  Visit us in our Natick location where we will be serving up these classic dishes., Both locations will be open on Memorial Day from 8am-8pm.  Come visit us in Natick over the weekend and stock up on your favorite BBQ items from our famous marinated steak tips to Fenway franks, we've got it covered., null, Zaftigs in Natick will be featured on The Phantom Gourmet.  The episode will air on TV38 this Saturday, May 14th, at 11am., A visit from TV Diner's Jenny Johnson.  We will be featured on "The Jenny Cam" segment of the show.  We will post the times for both the Phantom & TV Diner as soon as they are confirmed.  In the meantime, visit our Retail section in Natick.  The freezer now offers Fenway Franks, Willow Tree Chicken Pot Pies, frozen ice cream novelties and of course, our famous Chicken & Matzo ball soup among other quality house made products., Random Q:  What's your favorite dish?, Zaftigs will be featured in an upcoming episode of The Phantom Gourmet, will share the date as soon as we are informed....stay tuned., All about Matzo!!!  Passover 2011 is rapidly approaching us.  Stop by our locations in Natick & Brookline this Sunday and see our offerings for this year.  We've got everything from flourless potato pancakes to sweet potato tzimmes.  In addition, both restaurants will be offering a dinner special Monday and Tuesday evening in honor of the Holiday., Zaftigs West in Natick is open for business!!!!  Come hungry!!!, is nominated for "Best Jewish Deli" by the Boston Phoenix.  Vote for us to go to the final rounds!  Voting ends on February 14th, vote now, vote often.  We appreciate your continued business & support!  We couldn't do it with out you!, Still accepting applications for servers & cooks.  All interested, come to Natick and meet the managers!!!, Keep your fingers crossed....February 28th is slated as our opening date!!!, Accepting applications for both locations., Great turnout at the Open House in Natick tonight!  One day left, tomorrow from 9am-12pm.  Still looking for Servers, Bartenders & Retail staff.  Come down and meet the Chefs & Dining Room Managers., We are interviewing at our new location tonight from 5-8 and tomorrow morning from 9am-12pm.  1298 Worcester Road, Sherwood Plaza, Natick. We are planning to open mid-February., Help us feed Natick!! Two more open houses left:  Saturday 5-8pm and Sunday 9am-12pm., We are now baking Red Velvet Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting and Lemon Pound Cake.  Visit us in Brookline., http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/natick/2010/09/zaftigs_delicatessan_coming_to.html, Is 13 years old and still cookin'!  Happy Birthday to us!, Special Feature on "The Lupo" sandwich, Voted Best Jewish Deli from The Boston Phoenix Readers!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kva8c28Rn4, Boston Magazine Article featuring Coolidge Corner, Is mourning the loss of our loyal guest and friend, Billy Rosen., Visit Danny O's new website!, is nominated for "Best Jewish Deli", by the Boston Phoenix.  Please vote!


http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/, NEXT STOP COOLIDGE CORNER!


http://multimedia.boston.com/tn/21/lifestyle.htm?bclid=1373281038&bctid=57537622001, http://www1.whdh.com/features/articles/dish/BO131789/, Tune in tonight at 10pm to CW56 to watch "The Dish" segment on our infamous potato pancakes!, http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/gallery/cranberries?pg=4, has won "Best Deli" 2009, awarded by Boston Citysearch!  Thanks everyone for your continued support and patronage! 

http://boston.citysearch.com/bestof/winners/2009/deli, Zaftigs is nominated for "Best Deli" by Citysearch! Please vote today!  

http://boston.citysearch.com/bestof/nominees/2009/deli, is wishing you all a happy and healthy new year!, Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur catering menus are now available.  Stop by to pick up a copy!, is now hiring full-time experienced servers! Send a cover letter and a resume to zaftigs@gmail.com today!!, null, wants to know whether you'd be interested if Zaftigs participated in Boston's Restaurant Week!Let us know about thoughts and suggestions please., did it again and got another award from Improper Bostonian!! We have been honored as Best of Boston, Best Deli in Town!
http://www.improper.com/, is now 12 years old ! Thanks everyone.., Our dedication to consistency is the key to our success!, http://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2007/08/01/something-to-nosh-on-heres-the-skinny-on-jewish-delis/?scp=7&sq=deli&st=cse, http://www.yourbrookline.org/node/225)