List(We are hiring!   Want to join our team?  What makes us special is our People. They are passionate about food, coffee and giving great customer service every day.   Stop by our store and pick up an application., Today's special - Grilled Chicken Club with blue cheese crumbles, applewood bacon, hot sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion. Served with fries & a drink. $11, Down the Road Brewery tasting starting at 5PM.   Drink Local! #beer #boston #Allston, FYI for all you IPA drinkers, TGIF.  Interested in tasting some mead?  Sap House Meadery will be sampling some of there exceptional mead.   Tasting will start at 5:30 #allston #mead #boston #brighton, Hanging around the city this weekend?   We have two big tastings for you.  Sap House Meadery on Friday starting at 5:30.    Down the Road Saturday starting at 5pm.   #weekend #tastings #mead #Beer #local, Today's special! Fried chicken, cheddar, bacon, lettuce, tomato, house made bistro sauce, on a flour tortilla. Served with fries and a drink. $11, Today's special - Ahituna Wrap

Ahituna steak, mixed greens, English cucumber, tomatoes, fresh avocado, and wasabi aioli on a spinach flour tortilla. Served with fries and a drink. $11, null, Peak Organic Brewing Beer Tasting Today!  4:30.  #allston #boston, Hope your weekend plans include Brunch with us.#Allston #boston, National Drink Wine day is today & we will be having a special wine tasting to represent.  #allston, Check out these awesome Megpies from Brooklyn Magpie bake shop 
Forget those cardboard pop tarts and try these handmade hand tarts! Now available $2.99 ea in strawberry or blueberry - xo these!, Still need some last minute gifts today?  We got you covered, beautiful flower arrangements and local chocolates!  #chocolate #Valentine's #allston #flowers, Join us for MS Walker Wine Tasting happening now! #allston, New express breakfast items available weekends 10am - 2pm. Enjoy fresh ingredients even when you're on the go!, Today at 3pm join us to sample some winter reds & some bubbly. #allston #boston, Blue Hills Brewery beer tasting tonight!   Starting at 6pm.   Be sure to stop by and try the new Tree Beer & Lucky 7.  #allston #boston #beer #Friday, New! Big Picture Farm from Vermont
Beautifully made goat milk caramels.... The apple cider ones make your mouth water, Today's special!
Bacon Habanero Burger - habanero peppers, chopped peppers, & parmesan ground into a house made beef patty with lettuce and tomato. Served on a Stone & Skillet english muffin with fries & a drink. $11, Hey #Allston.   Your favorite popcorn Pipcorn is back in stock!   #boston, Happy Hump Day Allston! Come beat the snow with our Honey Mustard Fried Chicken Wrap - served on a flour tortilla with lettuce, tomato, and bacon. Served with fries and a drink $11, #allston still need some Valentine's day gifts?  Why not plan for a cozy night in with some hot cocoa from Cocoa Sante and coconut milk caramels from Cocomel. #valentine #local, 4 bottles of wine a day! Live to 107 years old.., Don't want to leave the house today?   Hungover from yesterdays festivities? Want something yummy delivered?   We deliver!   Order through Grubhub and we will bring you a hot meal., Snow day special! Bagel Ahituna Sandwich - baby spinach, fresh tomato, english cucumber, ahituna, evoo, served on a bagel with fries and a drink. $11 #allston, Great New beer caddy gift idea for Valentine's Day - buy a caddy and fill it with your Bestie's beer favorites for a unique craft beer lovers gift!, Check out our game day picnic for $35 1/2 rack ribs + 2 sides and a Berkshire Brewing Growler, It's the perfect day for #brunch #allston #Boston, Tonights Hot Case specials.  7.99lb.  #Allston #boston, Hungry & don't  feel like leaving the house today?  Let us deliver something tasty for you.  Check us out on Grub Hub.  #Allston, Believe it or not we have a winter storm coming our way.  Stock up on your favorites.  #Allston, Your favorite Vermont Cider is back in stock! #allston Citizen Cider, Today's special:
BISTRO BURGER featuring house made bistro sauce, swiss, and Applewood bacon on a Stone & Skillet English muffin. Served with fries & a drink for $11! #allston #beeskneesdailyspecial, #allston !  Treat yo self to our special today!  Chili cheese dogs with fries for $11, Stop by and get ready for the weekend!   #allston, Stop by for our beer tasting with Berkshire Brewing Company.  Starting at 5pm #beer #thirstythursday, Enjoy!, What's for Dinner?!, Don't forget the beer for today's game., Baby it's cold outside! That's why we whipped up a batch of deliciously soulful chicken noodle soup - Stop by today and take a pint home!, Today's Special-
Sloppy Joe with house made beef and cheese fondue on a French baguette served with fries and a soda 
$11 #beeskneesdailyspecial, Tonights wine tasting features some of our favorites.  Starting at 5:30.  Stock up for this snowy weekend., On our tasting bar tonight.  #Allston #beer #wine, Come try our specials or grab one of your favorites from the menu!, This wonderful Austrian red blend is what we are tasting this evening. #Allston #winewednesday, We have daily specials, prepared foods and some delicious things to sip on to keep you warm!, Perfect for tonight chilly weather.  Come down for a taste.  #Allston, Enjoy OUR food at YOUR home! Deliveries are now available through Grub Hub and Dining In. Visit our website and call us to place a pick up order - http://beeskneessupply.com/menus/ or email us at catering@beeskneessupply.com with any other inquires!, Join us Monday for a late brunch - SPECIAL MONDAY BRUNCH HOURS 8am - 3pm

See you here!, Today on our tasting bar we have Champlain Hard Cider from VT.  #Allston, Hey #allston stock up for game day with our new niman farm St Louis fully cooked ribs. Only $8.75/lb for sustainable, delicious, no antibiotics, grass Fed meat!, Tonight on our tasting bar we have Penada "Ensaio". Nice aromas of red plum, cherries & herbs.  Come down to our wine-beer department for a sample. #allston, Today's special!!! Chicken Patty, Fig Jam, L, T, O, Smoked Bacon with rosemary feta fries and soda drink $12 
Yes,please!, Join us for a Thursday tasting down in our new wine/beer department., today's specials!, Must try today's special our Honey Mustard Fried Chicken Wrap!, Come on in and warm up! We have Hot Drinks, Good Food and Wine Tasting starts at Noon!!!, We have specials every day! Today is Quesadilla Monday!, We will be closing early tomorrow, Sunday the 10th, at 6:00PM for our staff holiday party. Be sure to come in early for all your food, beer, wine, and provision needs!, Hot Coppa with Provolone and Arugula Ficelle #Allston, Check out new charcuterie train sandwiches- Andrew making a delicious fig and taleggio cheese on Pain D'Avignon Ficelle- Yum!, Jake our resident wine guru is serving up a refreshing mimosa sample with our Mercat Cava- join us!, Sampling mini warm apple cider donuts with a side of Mimosa in the wine room, WE HAVE EXCITING NEWS! Enjoy our food when you don't want to get out of your house or office. Grub Hub ordering coming soon!, Tonight from 5pm-9pm come down to our Beer & Wine department for a taste of these beauties. #Allston, ALL DAY SPECIAL #ALLSTON! 2 TACOS + fountain soda drink or bottled water = $9, Tonight from 5-9pm stop by our new wine & beer room for taste some French wine paired with cheese & charcuterie. #Allston, This warming Chianti Riserva is perfect pairing for this Arctic Blast.  Stop by our wine & beer department for a taste.  #Allston, baby it's cold outside - come in from the cold and enjoy our new full breakfast menu NOW AVAILABLE DAILY!  8am - 1030am Monday - Friday and 8am - 3pm on Sat and Sun., #Allston We are open regular hours on Thursday, Dec 31st!        So come get your supplies and celebrate! Don't forget about our special New Year's Day Brunch from 8am-3pm., Happy Holidays! We are open today Dec 24th until 6pm, Closed tomorrow Dec 25th and back to regular hours on Saturday Dec 26th. Come get your last minute gifts and provisions!, Don't forget about our Sip & Shop tonight and come check out our new lower level!, Please join us on Friday, Dec 18th for our Sip & Shop event! We are very excited to have our friends from Orly Khon Floral and Love Your Melon to join us and share their holiday spirit with you!, Hey #Allston! We will be closing at 6:00PM tonight - Dec 13th. Make sure you get your supplies on time! We apologize for any inconvenience., Now sampling some of our fantastic baked good from our friends at White Lion Baking Company! Gluten Free, Grain Free, and Paleo. Come on in and try their crackers, cookies, muffins, and granola today!, EAT, DRINK & SHOP this weekend here at Bee's Knees! Brunch runs until 3pm, full menu is available at noon and we have great gifts for your family, friends, neighbors, bosses or just that little something for Yankee swap! Still need a Xmas tree? We got you covered as well!, In a hurry & need a quick gift?  Pick  up one of our Grab & Go gifts. #yankeeswap #boston #giftgiving #Allston #Fortpoint, Hey #Allston.  Let's taste some great wine tonight.  We have a nice Grüner Veltliner, South African Pinotage & Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley ready for you., Happy sunny weekend! Come join us for Brunch, Lunch or Dinner and do some Holiday shopping!, #allston It's dinner time here at Bee's Knees! Chef's world class meat loaf, spicy Thai chicken, Ziti with chicken and broccoli & of course our staple - fried chicken! Add sides like Purple Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans or Mac & Cheese and simply enjoy! #eatin or #takeout, Rainy days call for some wine & cheese.   Stop by & sample this perfect pairing.  #Allston, We are excited to launch our CUSTOMER REWARD program! Download the free Perka App and find out more!, Countless options to create that perfect gift! Starting at $29, come get yours for a friend, neighbor or business partner. Do you need more than just a few? Email us with your needs and we will make it happen. catering@beeskneessupply.com, Tired of Turkey?! Our BRUNCH is until 3pm and we got some specials waiting for you as well. Come get your Breakfast Burger, Huevos Tacos or Breakfast Casserole to get your day started. Full menu available at noon!, SUPPORT LOCALLY OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES. SHOP LOCAL. BUY LOCAL. #ALLSTON WE HOPE TO SEE YOU TODAY!, Our #Allston & #FortPoint locations will be closed for Thanksgiving.  Have a great day!  See you all Friday., #Allston our brunch is on till 3pm and we have some great specials like STEAK & EGGS or BREAKFAST SALAMI SANDWICH. Full menu is available at noon! See you soon!, #Allston Our friend Marcia from Cafe Europa will be tasting some outstanding wines for Thanksgiving from 5-7pm., #FortPoint   Come experience some wines from the Cotes Du Rhone region of France from 3pm-6pm., Need a perfect pie or cake this weekend? Come get it! #Allston #friendsgiving, JOIN OUR TEAM AT BEE'S KNEES IN ALLSTON! We are looking for people who love food, coffee, beer, wine and have previous customer service experience. Come by to fill out an application or email us at jobs@beeskneessupply.com, We have you covered this Thanksgiving! 
Come by or email us catering@beeskneessupply.com, #Allston Our lunch special today  is Blackened Chicken Sandwich combo with soda and chips $11! Soups today are Vegetarian Chili, Creamy Tomato Basil and Potato Sage., Hey #allston come and enjoy our dinner special tonight!  Fried chicken sandwich with bacon, lettuce, tomato, Swiss and fontina cheese, Dijon mustard and sriracha served with fries!, #Allston Stop by & pick up some dinner., Breakfast specials today are One Eye Jack and Breakfast Quesadilla! If you don't have to work today, come by and celebrate with us. Happy Veterans Day., Hey #Allston! We have a great rainy day special here for you. Until 11:00 AM today, show us this Facebook post and get 50% off a coffee or espresso drink with the purchase of a pastry. Come on in, bring your favorite book, and relax with us!, #Allston Tonight we are tasting the NEW Foolproof Peanut butter Raincloud Porter., Sign up for our winter CSA program with Enterprise Farm!
Enterprise Farm CSA is offering a 17 week winter farm share of fruit, vegetables, and mushrooms from farms in Massachusetts and Vermont and warm weather citrus and greens from small organic farms in the South East., HURRY UP and place your order by Friday, November 13th! LET US DO THE WORK THIS THANKSGIVING!, #Allston Perfect weather and a perfect cider to taste - 62% Pear, 36% Apple, 2% Quince, Have a beautiful weekend everyone! Come by to eat or shop #Allston We have brunch until 2pm, full menu starts at noon, serving great specials and tasting wine!, #FortPoint Come taste some holiday wines with Doug from MS Walker.  Starting at 4pm., #Fortpoint Join us today & tasting with Proud Pour The Oyster! This refreshing North Coast Sauvignon Blanc is dedicated to reviving oyster populations.  Starting at 5pm., #Allston Tonight we have the perfect pairing, venison pate with a tasty French red., Get a great wine while giving back at the same time! Come find out how at our Fort Point Thirsty Thursday Wine Tasting (11/5, 5-7 pm)., #Allston Come grab some dinner., Why not taste some wine on this beautiful November Day.  #Allston, Hey #allston we are tasting a pinot noir from oregon and venison pate to warm up your chilly Monday night!  Come and say hi!, Lazy Sunday!  Here are today's hot case special #Allston, Good morning #Allston Enjoyed that extra hour of sleep?  Now come grab some brunch with a free mimosa tasting., #Allston  Join us tonight for a special Halloween treat.  We are tasting Jolly Pumpkin Pumpkin Ale.  & Waterbrook Cabernet Sauvignon . Perfect for your Halloween evening., Hot case is ready #allston. Mac and Cheese, Green Beans, Dirty Rice, BBQ Duck Drumsticks, Caribbean Grilled Chicken, and our World Class Meatloaf. We also have a delicious Smoked Duck Grilled Cheese Combo going on for tonight only! Come on in for a warm neighborhood meal. #GoodFoodForHumans, We have wines to go with your Halloween candy., It is a treat your self kind of day #Allston. We have some great free samples for you to try and also some delicious chef specials. 
1. Tasso Pork Sandwich Combo
Bacon, Mayo, Arugula, Onions, and a Fried Egg on a Bun. Spicy Bacon Mac & Cheese Fritters come on the side as well. 
2. Chili Cheese Dog 
A classic Chili Cheese Dog.  

In our hot-case tonight we cooked up some Mashed Potatoes, Mac and Cheese, Meat Loaf, Duck Confit Ravioli, Butter-Milk Fried Chicken, and Duck Leg Drumsticks. Come on in and spoil yourself. #GoodFoodForHumans, Stop by for dinner tonight & taste some Sangiovese.  #Allston, Hey #allston !  Ever try stumptown cold brew on tap?  Swing by tonight (Monday) and mention this ad!  You'll get one free 12 oz glass to try!, A glass (not bottle) of red wine a night has some great benefits., Come on in and get your Sunday started off right! 
Chef Specials:
Breakfast Casserole
Steak and Egg Sandwich
One Eye Jack
Throw in our full brunch and a mimosa sampling using some of our staff favorite champagne, we make it easy for you to love us. Remember, Brunch goes until 2:00! #allston #sundayfunday, Hey #allston.
 We've got a great dinner special for you tonight! The Chicka Boom Boom Combo! Perfectly spiced house made chicken patty served on Stone and Skillet English muffin with a side of delicious bacon mac and cheese fritters! only $11. 

Also in the Hot case tonight Fried Chicken, Half Rotisserie Chicken, Kickass Meatloaf, and chive Sour Cream Mashed Potato. All $7.99 /lb swing by and enjoy!, It's Friday & it just so happens to be Global Champagne Day. Bubbles anyone?, Time for samples #Allston! Delicious Bluebird blue cheese made from organic raw cow milk. Bluebird comes from local Massachusetts creamery, Grey Barn Farm. Come in and give it a taste!, Join us in our #fortpoint location for a special tasting with Nicole from Buttonwood Farm Winery. Starting at 5pm, #Allston  It's Wine O'clock! Come taste this one of Loire Valleys most famous estates.  #wine #wednesday, Good morning #Allston, We have a wonderful deal for our Facebook Friends! Come on in today, 10/20, and show that you like us on Facebook, and get a free small coffee or soft drink with a purchase of ANY of our Sandwiches or Salads!, #FortPoint This #Thursday 10/22 join us for a special #wine tasting with Buttonwood Farm Winery, Good morning #Allston How about some brunch?, #Allston  #FortPoint Long Trail Brewing Space Juice in the house., Kale & Beet veggie burger on a stone & skillet English muffin on our new menu Allston., #FortPoint Stop by now & join us for a #FREE Tasting with wines from Côtes du Rhône., Tomorrow 10/16 stop our #FortPoint location starting at Noon & taste some wines from the Côtes du Rhône with our special guest Jo-Ann Ross.   Rhône Valley Wines, This Friday 10/16 at our #FortPoint location. Come learn & taste some #wines from Côtes du Rhône  #Friday.  #FortPoint #southie #tgif #free #boston #seaport, Not a fan of Pumpkin beers?  Here are some great fall alternatives., Hey #Allston! 
Stop by tonight for a Tuesday tasting.   The NEW Narragansett Allies Donuts  Double Chocolate Porter & a nice tropical Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand called Dashwood., "Bluebird"  raw cow's milk blue from Grey Barn Farm on Martha's Vineyard, Ma. .....Certified Organic and absolutely delicious. Here in our Allston cheese shop for a limited time., Happy Columbus Day everyone.    We have special hours at our #FortPoint location today.   We will be closing at 6pm.    Our #Allston location will be open regular hours., Good morning #allston!  If you are lucky enough to have today off we are serving our brunch menu until 2pm!  Come by and relax., Enjoy a complimentary mimosa with a delicious Cava Rose made from Pinot Noir grapes @ our Allston Brunch!, Happy Holiday Weekend! We are celebrating with brunch specials like Sunrise Tacos, One Eyed Jack and Breakfast Casserole. We'll see you soon! Or if you are just thinking about getting out of the bed, no worries, we serve Brunch until 2pm!, Our friends at Jubali are having a fall Boston area sale! Come by Allston and enjoy any of their delicious smoothies for only $4.99! #goodfoodforhumans, Thanks to Ohmigod! for the shout out and their super tasty cookies!, It's raining out, but we still have dinner waiting for you!  Eat in or take out. Pancetta wrapped meat loaf, fried chicken, duck fat meatballs, and Italian meat lasagna. #goodfoodforhumans, Come grab your dinner to go or enjoy it here on our patio on this beautiful fall day!, Fresh batch of Lord Hobo "steal this can" -Allston/Brookline, Come sample Brooks Runway Red Pinot Noir tonight., Stone Enjoy By now available in 6 packs & 22oz. Bottles., Introducing Steal this Can IPA New from Lord Hobo Brewing.  Limited supply!, Hope you're hungry #Allston because dinner is served! Have your choice of either our Butter Fried Chicken or Braised Corned Beef and pair it with sides of Butter Nut Squash Pasta and Bacon Scallion Mashed Potatoes. We also have Pizza Bread, Smoked Duck Drumsticks, and a fantastic Prosciutto Fig Jam Burger on special tonight! #GoodFoodForHumans, The Differences Between Champagne, Prosecco & Cava., Brunch time! Come get cozy and  enjoy your breakfast until 2pm on weekends!, #Allston Are you ready for this Fall to begin? Come get your provisions and stock up your pantry! We also have our new vegan pumpkin smoothie and we can not wait for you to try it!, Ready for some Pumpkin Gnocchi, Chili, Roast Beef Sandwich or Fried Chicken? Then come by and eat in or take out!, Let us be your port in the storm! We have hot chocolate and cookies at the ready, all you need to bring is a good book! #Allston, Are you looking forward to Fall in Boston? We hope reason #8 will get you excited!, #Allston We are now open until 10pm Monday - Sunday!, #Allston we got you covered for dinner. BBQ Ribs, Fried Chicken, Roast Beef and Blue Mango Veggie Burgers for our vegetarian friends. Eat in or take out!, Come grab your dinner and treat yourself with a piece of cake after! #allston, Hey #Fortpoint  We have a #Soave wine tasting with our guest host Jo-Ann to teach you all about this outstanding grape & taste some delicious Soave, Duck grilled cheese....with stonewall kitchen wild Maine blueberry jam. Available in Allston lunch & dinner., Come get your Turmeric Shot #Allston, Dinner is ready #Allston! We have some roast beef, chicken, mashed potatoes, veggie casserole and more waiting for you! Grab & Go or Eat In!, We got our croissant donuts ready, brunch menu rolling and there are some "Game Night Platters" ready for you to grab. Add some Beer & Wine and have a Happy Sunday! #Allston #Brookline, Atlantic wild salmon or Buttermilk Fried Chicken $11.99 with two sides. That's what's for dinner in Allston!, Come see why we are one of Boston's hottest! Thank you Zagat!, Thank you NY TIMES for including us in your "36 Hours in Boston" article. Come & check us out everyone! 1316 Commonwealth Avenue #Allston, Hey #Allston !  Need a pick me up to get through the rest of the week? Our Stumptown cold brew coffee and salted caramel smoothie will do just the trick!, Hey  #fortpoint #boston Its #wineoclock so come to our #tasting #wine #winedown, Hey #FortPoint  Be sure to stop by between 4pm-7pm and join our wine tasting.   Find some new favorites.   We are offering 10% off any of our tasting wines today!, Breakfast / Lunch / Dinner #allston, It's a warm Wednesday.  Come by & taste this great refresher. #Allston, Turmeric shot @ our Allston Cafe & Juice Bar. Good food for Humans, Nicole making slow braised brisket empanadas from scratch with organic corn flour. Get some, We have a very limited supply of Wormtown Brewery "Be Hoppy" in stock at our #Allston location., French Macaroons, Dinner time in Allston! Chef's made a steak and cheese special!  Ancho chili rubbed hanger steak with country ketchup, baby Swiss, and fried onions, what's not to like?, Come & Dine with us  #Allston Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner - we got you covered! Full service bar seats available Mon-Sun!, Tickets for our Oisa Ramen Pop-Up Dinner are available for purchase! http://beeskneessupply.ticketleap.com/ramenpopup/, Good morning Allston!  It's time for breakfast, check out our breakfast specials today!  Or if you're in a rush, grab one of delicious homemade donuts!, Ramen Pop-Up at Bee's Knees #Allston!, Come grab your dinner #allston, We got your kosher wine for the upcoming holidays at both our locations Allston & Fort Point. These are yummy choices., Come stock up for Pat's game  #Allston! Choose from our staples or go for our MEATLOAF + 2 SIDES special tonight. Don't forget Beer & Wine!, YOUR BEST SANDWICH COMBO #allston ENJOY ANY SANDWICH FROM OUR MENU AND GET NORTH FORK CHIPS AND MAINE ROOT SODA DRINK FOR $1!!!!, #allston We are open regular hours today 8am-6pm and tomorrow 7am-10pm. Come join us for brunch until noon!, It's perfect weather to grab a sandwich and chill on our new patio. #allston, Attention #FortPoint & #SouthBoston customers.   We have holiday hours this Labor Day Weekend.  
Saturday 10-6pm.
Sunday & Monday we will be closed.     
Our #Allston location will be open regular hours., TGIF and a nice long weekend!    Come stock up on your favorite goodies.  Lots of new arrivals in our Wine & beer department for you to check out., The "Connection", Come to meet the Jubali Team in Allston from 4pm-6:30pm. They are bringing their goodies for you to try!, Thank you Improper Bostonian for featuring our Duck Rillette Grilled Cheese! Take a break from #moving #allston and come try one!, Hey Allston! Come and try our new smoothie. Vegan Lavender Fomu + Blueberries + Honey Almond Milk + Fresh Mint, null, null, The beans have arrived! Come in and take home your favorite Verve coffee blends. Fresh and ready to be brewed!, Take some delicious coffee home Allston! All whole beans are 30%off!, Hey Allston! If doughnuts is what you are looking for, we have them! Fresh, delicious, and downright delightful! #Allston #Doughnuts, Good Morning Allston! We serve breakfast until noon! THANK YOU Boston Eater for including us in your "10 hottest brunches in Boston", Hey Boston! We are the 1st. to carry  Farmer Willie's Alcoholic Ginger Beer. Fresh from Cape Cod.  At our #Allston & #fortpoint locations., What's for dinner Allston? We got fried chicken ready for you! #eatin #takeout, First run ever Blackberry Farm Classic Saison.  We have limited qualities in #Allston, You guys: @stumptowncoffee Cold Brew is back on tap. Thanks to our friends in Brooklyn for driving more goods our way! #Allston, Ommegang beer tasting happening right now at Bees Knees Fort Point location.    Be sure to stop by!  #FortPoint, Lunch specials! #allston, Dinner time! #allston, Dinner is ready Allston!, Drink more red wine., Hey Allston! Come and grab your dinner tonight., Good morning Allston!  Come try our house made donuts. Glazed or with bacon,  both delicious!, New from Lord Hobo Brewing Co BOOM SAUCE.   Dark gold, slightly amber with nice juicy citrus hops.  Available at our Fort Point and  our NEW Allston location this afternoon., null, null, We'll see you in the morning, #Allston., New from Against The Grain "A low down Golden Ale" Come pick one up today. We are open from 10am to 6pm today., Thirsty Thursday and what better way to get your night started by picking up some wine and beer? We will be tasting one of our summer favorites this evening. Be sure and stop by., Bad wine in a box is a thing of the past!   We carry a selection of great box wines that are a great value & party ready., Happy Tuesday. Awesome lunch special & free gelato samples!, Come cool down! The Gelato Fiasco  will have free  samples today here., Night Shift Brewing Maracuya has just arrived.  An American Wild Ale with aromas of  pure Passion Fruit.  Tastes wheaty, some stone fruit, passion fruit twang.  Perfect sipper.   Come get yours today!, It's a great day for Rosé. Come by & taste this rosé with a zippy finish.  Great value for an everyday sipper & special promotion today!, Tonight is perfect weather for sipping wine outside.   We are tasting this Italian treat Stefano Antonucci Verdicchio, lush, rich & complexity.  Nice citrus finish., Back in stock! Allagash Brewery Curiex.  We have a limited supply so get yours today., Removing the foil can be more complicated then getting the cork out for some of us!, We have @NightShiftBeer Whirlpool, Trifecta & Belafonte back in stock.  Whirlpool is very limited so one per person please., Come taste this Italian beauty. Fresh, lively & perfect for tonight. Stop by our Beer & Wine Department, Spiked Root Beer lovers! We now have Coney Island Brewing Hard Root Beer in stock! Come pick one up today!, No plans for Bastille Day? No problem. Come by Bee's Knees to raise a glass of French wine in celebration!, We have Nightshift new Whirlpool 16oz. cans & Belafonte for your summer grilling., Come and try our lunch special today!, Come and check out new additions to our menu!, Come taste some Rosé on a hot day ☀️, Languedoc takes over Bees Knee's THIS FRIDAY from 3-6pm. Taste some fabulous wines from this region and get 10% off any of the tasting wines., Official start of summer & we got some great choices for your days outdoors. Come sample starting at noon!, Opening soon for all your picnic adventures in #Allston!, Start your Friday right with a nice tasting of Ciro Rosé, & Henniker Whipples Wheat.  Perfect for your outdoor adventures., Thank you everyone who voted.   We won Best Craft beer and Wine shop in Boston., Bridal Shower time is here, we got some great pours for the big events, Friday Specials. #fortpoint #Boston #Southie #SouthBoston, It's Friday!  🍻We are tasting some beer starting at noon.  What are we tasting you ask?  We're not telling... 🍻, We have quite the assortment of Rosè wines for you & that are all available chilled!, New shipment from Night Shift Brewing., Today's specials in our deli., Thanks to all who participated in the Cantillon raffle to support Camp Kita. Winners will be notified on Monday, April 27. Stay tuned!, Works great after a road race!, Less then an hour before our raffle for Cantillon Kriek Lambic ends!, Spring has finally arrived., We are tasting Rising Tides Maine Island Trail Ale today!, We got some great Friday specials!  Don't want to miss out., FINAL DAY!!!  $20 donation to Camp Kita will enter you into a raffle for a bottle Cantillon.   You don't want to miss out on this special treat & support a great charity., We carry an assortment of beers from Ithaca Beer Co. Here are just a few of our new selections., Chef Melvin got some delicious  specials today!, A $20 donation to Camp Kita will enter you into a raffle for a bottle Cantillon is ending tomorrow!    Cantillon pours an energetic hazy cherry red and its champagne like head quickly dissipates. This is a very dry, very tart cherry drink with traces of lemon, oak, over ripe fruit, and a hard to define, bitter finish. Refreshing and lives up to the hype!!   Support a great organization and experience this tasty treat., New CANS from Mikkeller. First we have Wit-Fit, an imperial American wit beer brewed with spices. Floral & herbal with some coriander and clove.  Crisp & easy drinking.  
Our 2nd is Simcoe. Simcoe hops have a high bittering potential. Flavors of hops, tropical fruits & pine needles. Full bodied with a long lasting finish., Its back!   Cristom Pinot Noir.  Nice flavors of cherry, dark berries, black raspberry, cinnamon.  Some slight smokiness with a beautiful long finish!, "Once you've drunk the 2010 Brunello you can die and go to heaven, because nothing else you experience in the remainder of your puny life will compare" 
"94 out of 100". James Suckling, Wine Spectator.
I can say without hesitation, I AGREE! (Except for the puny part!)

Come on in and fondle a bottle😉

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Happy Patriot's Day! Happy Marathon Monday! 
Let's celebrate the strength and courage of Patriots and athletes alike. Bee's Knees will be lifting a glass in honor of these dedicated men and women!
Join us! Sample something new, and bring home a winner!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Watching the Sox's play or the marathon?  We have the perfect saison for you from Night Shift Brewing called Belafonte. It's a classic saison with pink peppercorn and orange peel. Sips with peppery notes of citrus and a dry, crisp finish., Some grapes you should all try!, A $20 donation to Camp Kita will enter you into a raffle for a bottle Cantillon.  We are raffling off a few bottles.   You have till Friday be entered into the raffle., Welcome to all our Boston Marathon Runners and families. We will be open from 10-6 Saturday and Sunday., It's that time of year, Red Sox's home games, the marathon, temps in the 70s, new seasonal brews. Come check out our brand new selections. #fortpoint #gosoxs #boston #baa #bostonmarathon #southie #seaport #tgif, BEER LOVERS! It's Friday & we are tasting beer today from 12 till ? It's going to be something good. Come find out., Looking for Cantillon & want to do some good?, null, We now have HalfStack IPA. Reference to half stack amps. The brewer is a guitar geek.  Nice tropical, citrus, light Amber in color with a dry finish. 93 IBU's., The weather is changing & our  Summer Seasonal beer favorites are here for you.  Here is just a few, come check out our large selection., Take a stroll and stop by today!  We have lots of NEW Brews & Wines for you to check out!   We are open till 6PM today!   Deli is open till 5pm., New beers in the building! Come by and check them all out! Start your weekend off right., Might not be perfect for today, but will be by the weekend with highs in the 60's!  Rose season is here!  We have Domaine Lafage Miraflors Rose  "Very fresh, pale color with salmon hues. The nose references sea flavors with spices and minerality. The wine palate is crisp; the spiciness and fruit have a nice, round finish. Enjoy with mixed salads, cold and grilled meats.", null, null, Only 8? We have 200+! Come find out..., Spring sipper.  Luis Alegre Blanco Viura. Nice blend of Viura & Malvasia.  Beautiful fresh and light easy drinker. Peach, apricot & pineapple with hints of lemon and grapefruit. Perfect for apps & seafood., Exciting news!  We've been nominated again for a DIG THIS AWARD this year for BEST CRAFT BEER & WINE.  Please help us out and vote.  We are under the category Goods and Services., Happy Easter! We are open from 10-6pm today!  Deli is closed but we do have some fresh pre-made wraps and salads!, Great news!  One glass of red wine equals one hour of exercise!, Looking for an outstanding Kosher Wine?  We have Petit Castel for you. A gorgeous Bordeaux-style wine. Red & black fruits, herbs, bell pepper, leather & spice. Long finish., Halter Ranch Cotes De Paso Blanc 2013 
A classic Southern Rhone Valley blend out of California.  75% Grenache Blanc, 20% Picpoul Blanc, 3% Roussanne, 2% Viognier. A nice bouquet of cantaloupe, jasmine & honey. This wine is crisp on the palate with flavors of pear & melon. Perfect for a nice evening., New arrival from the The Bruery called Rueuze (Rotating series). The Bruery's take on a gueuze-style ale, this intensely tart and funky beer combines three different vintages of barrel-aged sour blonde ale. #fortpoint #beer, WOOHOO!!!
We've been nominated again for a DIG THIS AWARD this year for BEST CRAFT BEER & WINE. We are so very excited!
The ballots are live. Click on link below to vote! The winners will be announced on 4.29.15. 
Champagne, and beer tops, are popping. But what else is new:))), If you haven't heard the buzz, the 2010 Brunello's are touted as being the best vintage of modern times. And I can tell you, "they" aren't kidding. Whether it's 94 points or 100! (No typo), I've done my research, with delight, and I agree! These beauties are age perfect, but who can wait! 

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Happy New Year! Really? More snow predicted this weekend. Well...I'm done! It's spring, darnit! I'm taking home a stunning Rosé, or 2, this weekend and calling a friend! It's that time again and we have out-done ourselves with beautiful selections from all over the globe. 
Come on in, sip, and share!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, New England has some great breweries. We are happy to carry some of them in our beer department!, Interested in childrens theatre or a night out with your spouse to see some theatre?   Bad Habit Productions has two upcoming shows for you to come see.   #supportlocal  Support the arts!, We are open from 10-6pm today.   Come in from the snow for a hot cup of coffee, hot sandwich, pick up a bottle of wine or some beer.   We got something for everyone., Painted Goat artisanal cheese from upstate New York has arrived!

Come in and get some, and taste the goodness., Come taste some Spanish wine  with one of Spain's best goat cheeses. Starting at 3pm, New from Founders Blushing Monk 2015
Essentially an "Imperial Rübæus," this ale contains four times the amount of raspberries as Rübæus and is fermented with a Belgian yeast strain., Argentian & France wine lovers! Let us introduce you to Clos de Los Siete 2011
A France collaboration from 7 famed wine makers. Nice red blend with Malbec as the star. Round, ripe, black fruits, cedar and spice. Big and Bold! 90pts., Donna Fugata Lighea 2013 3/20
A dry version of Zibibbo, crispy and vibrant on the palate. It is an aromatic white wine with a floral and fruity aromas of white rose, orange blossom, peach and candied citrus zest., What kind of wine drinker are you?, New shipment of Ommegang Brewery Three Philosophers
A hazy tea like color. Aromas of malt, licorice, caramel. The taste is fruity with some sweet malts with a thick and smooth mouthfeel. #fortpoint, It's Spring now which means time for some Rose.  Today we are featuring Halter Ranch Rose 14. 
Completely dry with aromas of watermelon, wild strawberry & guava. Nice tropical fruits with crisp minerality, Do you think you know wine?  Here are some random facts., Come taste some beer! We are tasting Rogue's Shakespeare Oatmeal Stout, Mikkeller Better Half (American IPA) and Mikkeller Keeper (American Pilsner) #extremebeerfest, We are open from 10-6pm today. #extremebeerfest #fortpoint #southie, Our beer pick of the day:Pretty Things Fluffy White Rabbits 
smell: nectarine, white grape, pils-y semi sweetness, moderate spiciness. Taste: apricot jam, dried pineapple, spicy, a bit of earth in the finish. Quite tasty., We are sampling Point Reyes Bay Blue during lunch today. A beautiful farmstead style blue, reminiscent of Stilton., Spring pick! Donna Fugata Antilia 2013 
Fresh and Mediterranean, this white wine expresses a precise personality tied to fruity and floral, round and elegant sensations., Happy St. Patrick's Day! We are open till 9pm tonight. Also, here are some facts about this holiday..., Today, we'll be sampling Creminelli Finnocchiona Salami from 12-2PM.  This is a delicious fennel infused salami., We are open from 10am to 6pm today.  Spend some of your Sunday Funday with us! 🍀🍀🍀, Stock up for your St. Patrick's Day party! We are open from 10am-6pm Saturday & Sunday., What's the proper way to drink a Guinness?, Coming from Mystic brewing in Chelsea, we have Mary of the Gael 

Perfect for the warmer weather, it's hazy, blonde & pale. On the nose it's grassy hoppy with a hint of bretts. Nice taste of dry hops with a tart finish., We are tasting Firestone Walker beers today!!, Don't let triskaidekaphobia get you down! We are sampling food, beer and other goodies from 12-2 today Friday the 13th!, New from Night Shift Brewing Company: Annimal.
Some spicy fruits, clove, pepper & vanilla. Light and crisp and quite refreshing., What happens if  you drink your corked or oxidized wine?  You will be fine!, Interested in a nice Italian blend? Pick up Sartori Di Verona Valpolicella        45% Corvina, 30% Corvinone, 20% Rondinella, 5% Croatina. Beautiful ruby red color, black cherry with some earthy notes. Round taste with rich fruit and soft tannins. Perfect pairing with chicken., New to our wine department! Torre Migliori 
100% Montepulciano D' Abruzzo. Intense nose of rich ripe cherries and black fruits (blackberries & currants) that follows on the palate. Elegant with supple tannins. Truly outstanding!, Montessu: A nice blend 60% carignan, 10% syrah, 10% cabernet sauvignon, 10% merlot.   Black cherry, blackberry, plum. Fruit forward with spice and some dark chocolate little acidity & soft tannins.   Very silky mouthfeel., A little Monday fun. What country's wine match your personality?, New to our wine department. Chateau Les Arromans Bordeaux Rouge 2013
A blend of  75% Merlot, 25% Cabernet Franc 
Harmoniously blended to create a deep ruby colored wine. The nose offers up aromas of strawberry, raspberry, and black currant from the Merlot and licorice, green peppers and spice from the Cabernet Franc. With its aromatic finesse and velvety tannins this wine is sure to be a favorite. Pairs well with strong cheeses, pastas with red sauces, beef, and chocolate., Tasting Ballast Point Dorado today starting at 3pm. available in 22oz. Bottles or 6 packs. #beer #instabeer #fortpoint #boston #southie #booze, Del Professore Vermouth 
This sweet vermouth comes from Rome.  It has a clear, golden with slight green tinge appearance.  The taste is honeyed sweetness that is balanced by an herbal bitterness with drying wormwood, chamomile, lemon zest and clove spice., New from Cider Creek  
A saison reserve cider that combines their farmhouse recipe with a rare strand of Belguim Saison yeast to create a complex aromatic palate of mild fruit flavor with just the right amount of spices. Enjoy the earthy under tones, the moderate tartness and semi-dry sweetness in this perfectly balanced Saison Reserve., Beer Lovers!!  Check out Troegs Nugget Nectar 
A red ale, Nugget Nectar will take hopheads to nirvana with a heady collection of American hops. This Imperial Amber Ale is further intensified with whole flower Nugget hops added to Troegs hopback vessel, resulting in an explosion of citrus, resin and pine., Craving something Zippy? Try Chateau Les Arromans Bordeaux Blanc. A blend of 80% Sauvigion Blanc and 20% Semillon. The Entre deux Mers appellation, located south of the town of Bordeaux, is reserved for white wines only. Sauvignon Blanc dominates the blend on this zippy little everyday value white., Marche Ca Liptra “Kypra” 
Made from the Verdicchio grape which gives this wine great fresh and fruity characteristics, ideal with or without food and for every day drinking., We are open from 10am-6pm Saturday and Sunday., Think spring and try Ca Liptra  “Caliptra”
A blend of Verdicchio and Trebbiano.  On the nose with fresh zingy apple character.  Dry flowers, elderflower and hints of honey.  Rich mid palate, followed by a long, complex finish., One of our staffs favorites.  "Carmignano Terre A Mano" Mighty and powerful Super Tuscan. Fantastic blend of sangiovese, cabernet and a local grape called canaiolo. Cherries, plums, and a bit earthy. Licorice, tobacco, red flowers, spices and herbs. Great concentration, powerfull tannins and freshness. Great smooth structure & excellent finish., We will be tasting beers today from Against The Grain Brewery starting at 3pm., NEW from Stillwater Artisanal Rio De Sauvin 
A Farmhouse ale brewed with mango juice and passion fruit juice. "The boys at Against The Grain made a beer. Nice tropical orgy of fruit flavors, hops, malt, and yeast…", For those Italian white wine lovers we have Rebel Artigianale Bianco 
This Bianco tends to be a wonderfully creamy white wine with lots of green apple skin and pear. Catarratto, widely planted in Sicily, has an abundance of minerality, lemon notes and pear., IPA fan?  We have Omnipollo 411: a small batch series from Belguim. 411 is an IPA brewed with wild strawberry, rhubarb, vanilla and lactose., Lover of Italian wines? 
Try Rebel Rosso--made from organically grown nero d’avola grapes grown near Palermo on the northern coast of Sicily. Fermentation takes place in concrete vats using indigenous yeast, yielding a juicy, easy-going red that’s great to drink on its own, light enough to pair with Mediterranean seafood dishes, and still packs enough punch to match up with tomato sauce., We have more Ballast Point Grapefruit in stock., Two great wines from Walnut City Wine Works
First off a fabulous Pinot Gris which is all-stainless fermented. This flavorful Pinot Gris displays fleshy, ripe pear flavors, with a light dusting of cinnamon spice. Simply delicious, and ready right now.

Also a nice flavorful Pinot Noir
Here’s a round and fruity, ready-right-now Pinot Noir, anchored in strawberry fruit and lightly dusted with coffee grounds. The finish lingers a bit on your tongue making you desire another sip., New and limited! Sierra Nevada Hop Hunter IPA that features hop oil from distilled hops. The idea, which Sierra Nevada hasn't fully revealed, extracts pure hop oil from mature cones to create an IPA that smells unlike any other IPA you've had., A must try from Loire Valley. Domain Jaulin-Plaisantin Le Dolmen Chinon. 
100% Cabernet Franc planted on gravel tends to yield riper fruit while the flinty clay brings minerality. Half of the cuvée is aged for six months in cement while the other half is in old barrels which gives the wine nice body, nice ripe fruit aromas & smooth finish., Watching the Oscars tonight?  We have some bubbles for you to celebrate the winners!  We will be open 'til 6pm., We are open from 10-6 Saturday and Sunday.   Come check out all our new seasonal brews, new wines, grab some coffee or a sandwich.   #digoutdineout #bostonlocal, Double IPA fans, we have a limited release--Ballast Point Dorado. A big, bold, citrusy double IPA with a crisp dry finish., We got in this nice 96% Cabernet, 4% Malbec blend from Marchiori & Barraud. Nice berry notes, truffle hints, elegant finish. Great pour., We will be closing tonight (2/19) at 7pm due to electrical work with  NSTAR. We are sorry for any inconvenience., We have the new spring seasonal from Otter Creek called Citra-Mantra. Citra is  brewed with single-hopped, Citra. The presence of the Citra hop is elevated by a clean fermenting lager yeast that allows the subtle Pilsner, Munich and Vienna malts to lay a crisp, bready foundation. The citrus and tropical fruit character of the Citra hop gives it a nice clean taste.  90pts. BA, Fan of Malbec wines?   May we suggest you try Don David Malbec
"This is one exotic number. The nose shows blueberry, boysenberry, charcoal, plenty of oak and hints of cardamom and star anise. A lush, layered palate is intense but doesnt hit too hard, while concentrated blackberry, licorice and spice flavors set up a peppery, minty finish that's stout and structured." Wine Enthusiast, Woohoo! Mast Brothers is coming to sample spectacular  dark chocolate bars & NEW milk chocolate selections. Join us from 12-2 today and let's shake off winter blues and get high on chocolate, Very limited from Evil Twin--Amager Love. 
An American Double/Imperial Stout. Nice aromas of dark chocolate, coffee beans, dark fruit, some smokiness, and a faint hint of blueberries. The taste has some dark chocolate, smoky finish, some dark fruit and tart blueberries.  Very smooth, nice balance and full bodied.   91pts. in Beer Advocate., Heitz Cellars Chardonnay is a classic Chardonnay with  lively fruitiness and richness. The  results in a delicious dry wine with subtle, hint of oak. Very intriguing layers., Southern Tier Helles 

Where the Helles Summer? Why not try Southern Tier's classic German style lager, a clean & bready “beer drinker’s beer” balanced with austere noble hop varieties. It’s malt-forward and forward thinking to the warmer days just ahead., Looking for a nice white wine blend?   Let us introduce you to Brooks Amycas.   A blend of Pinot Gris, Pinot Blanc, Riesling, Muscat &  Gewürztraminer.  Flavors of creamy yellow fruit, hints of tarragon, with some spicy notes & a nice lengthy finish., Beer lovers, we have Yeastie Boys Tea Leaf IPA Gunnamatta. 
Pours a lightly hazy dull copper amber. Healthy aroma of tea, light fruit and sweet malt and very floral hops. A definite sweet, lemon tea with light stone fruit, sweet malt and other interesting fruit flavors. Light to medium bodied., Interested in a nice warming Pinot Noir from Ramspeck? 
Deep red with crimson hue. Aromas of sweet ripe cherry and berries. Flavors of blackberry, raspberry, complexity with a generous long finish., We are open today!!   Come in and say Hi., We are closed today for yet another Blizzard. Be safe everyone!, Need some bubbles for tonight?   We got a suggestion for you. Nicolas Feuillatte Brut Réserve Champagne 

This non-vintage is a stylish wine, well balanced with its acidity, and concentrated with grapefruit and apple flavors. While light on the palate, it’s very fruity—a style that is best drunk now without further bottle age. - Wine Enthusiast, Also from Jean-Charles Boisset we have  JCB. No. 21 A nice cremant with crisply apple and lemon flavored, a bone-dry, textured wine that is destined for food. It finishes with elegant acidity., One of our favorites at the store & perfect for your valentine.  
Billecart Salmon Brut Champagne 
A nose of ripe pear with some touches of yeasty bread.  Full fruit, vibrant, lacy in texture, but very clean lingering finish. This cuvee contains 40% Pinot Meunier, 30% Pinot Noir & 30% Chardonnay., 411; Valentine's  Day is tomorrow, don't forget your sweetie., Valentine's day and bubbles go together.   
JCB No. 69
Number 69 is 100% Pinot Noir. This rosé has bright notes of raspberry, red currant, and nice acidity. It is a seductively light and refreshing rosé. This wine is tender in the mouth with crisp flavors., Need a gift for that special beer drinker? Today at noon we will be tasting Mikkeller Keeper and Better Half., Pink bubbles for your special someone.  
Juve y Camps Pinot Noir Brut Cava.  The cava is of a pretty, deep salmon color. On the nose there are both floral and berry fruit notes. Broad on the palate with savory, spicy fruit. It will make a superb match for charcuterie., We are having a wine/beer tasting today starting at 4pm.  Come try some of our suggested Valentine Day favorites!, With Valentine's Day a few days away we have the perfect Grand Brut Champagne from Barnaut.  Powerful style, ripe apple, pear, lively citrus adds lift to smoky, nutty finish., For those who love Red wine blends we have Raymond Vineyard Field Red. 
This medium to full bodied wine offers firm, juicy tannins and bright acidity and overflowing with tangy raspberry, cherry, blueberry and freshly cracked white pepper flavors.  Exceptional balance and velvety, lengthy satisfying finish., We got another beer from our friends at Mad Beer called “Bitter Bitter.” It's an American IPA apricot-like golden, really hazy, nice and hoppy on the nose. Taste of citrus zest and grapefruit juice flavors on the finish. There is a mild amount of hop bitterness., Also in from Anchorage Brewing Company Galaxy White IPA

White IPA brewed w/ 100% Galaxy hops, kumquats, coriander & peppercorns. Fermented in French Oak Foudres. Bright golden color, foamy and cloudy, citrahop sour, coriander, very crisp and light. 
(Foudres is a large cask for maturing, storing, and transporting wine or in this case beer), New! Anchorage Brewing Company/ The Tide and Its Takers
Aged in French Chardonnay Barrels w/ Brettanomyces. It begins with a soft and spicy floral nose. Vinous white grapes, mild sourness, tart finish. Nice mouth feel and has a dry, crisp, clean finish., A little Sunday reading..  We are open till 6pm tonight. Get your supplies for the snowy days ahead, We are tasting Mikkeller Better Half which  has golden amber color, citrus on the noise, big, full crisp, malty, hoppy dry finish.   Starting at 4pm.   Stop on by!!, Our beach party Rosé tasting continues today at noon.  We are offering 10% off all our Rosés! 🍷, Beach party at Bee's Knees! Bring your flip-flops!, Im tired of the snow! In utter protest, WE ARE THROWING A BEACH PARTY! Corks will be popping at noon Thursday 2/5 and Friday 2/6. 
Join us and sample the last dribbles of the rosés that made the deck/beach party memorable. AND, enjoy 10% off each bottle while supplies last! There will be ice cream involved! 
Bring your flip flops! 

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Cyndi & Jake, null, Do sulfites cause wine headaches?, null, For those who need to venture outside we are open today till 5PM., 3 hours to kickoff and more snow is on the way. We will be here until 6 pm today, so come by for Superbowl treats and beverages to get you through the next winter event!, Don't forget to have some champagne to celebrate. We even have the chiller for you., White wine you fancying? We have some great off-dry rieslings from the Finger Lakes that will go great with your spicy dishes., Chili and nachos today? Try a nice Zinfandel, Tempranillo or a red blend which will have just the right amount of spice to complement your dish., We have the perfect mini keg for you for any party! You also get to keep the keg., We are open from 10am-6pm today including our wine and beer department. Let us help you prepare for the game., You have seen the food truck, but we have them in stock., The once a year release from Moonlight Meadery. Only 24 cases made with this release. Flavors reminiscent of a fine cognac makes it a great drink to keep you warm, Come in and pick up this outstanding wine from Portugal "Crasto Douro Red Blend". Fresh floral & berry notes with an elegant & lingering finish., New from our friends at Mikkeller "Juice Bag" which is an amazing sour beer that is aged in Grand Marnier barrels. For those Sour beer fans this should be on your "must try list"., Tailgating ready., Come in today and get all your supplies for tomorrow's Superbowl.  We have plenty of products to help make your Superbowl party a success., Come pick up Brooklyn Brewery K. Is for Kriek. K means "Cherry" in Belgian Flanders. Pours glowing red color, vibrant acidity complex fruit aromatic, oak that are fruity, tart & dry., New to Bee's Knees Mikkeller Keeper and Better Half. 
Keeper: a clear pale blonde ale. On the nose exotic fruits, litchi, mango & peach notes. 
Better Half: a golden amber, orange hue, grapefruit & orange on the noise. The taste is big, full, crisp, malty, with a hoppy dry finish. Come by for a taste., TGIF and in case you didn't know the Pats are playing in the Super Bowl this weekend. 😜 Come stock up on your products.  We also got in some new goodies!, Attending a wine tasting this weekend? Here are some great tips for drinking wine socially., We are stocked up with your favorite beers and wine for Super Bowl Sunday!  Stop by and say Hi., We are open from 10am-6pm today., Check out our new menu!, We will closing at 6pm tonight and be closed all day tomorrow for this historical blizzard named Juno.    Be safe everyone., Come in and sample some ice cream from Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams., Hey beer lovers,
Here are some suggestions on if you like this beer then you'll love this wine., Back in stock from Night Shift Brewing Morph: Rotating IPA series. This batch has tons of tropical fruit and candied citrus., Sounds like the perfect Tuesday night., For all you football fans that have to work Monday.    Here are some Top 10 ways to avoid a hangover., Drinking red wine tonight? Here are some tips for to get rid of your purple teeth.., New from our friends at Mikkeller "Juice Bag" which is an amazing sour beer that is aged in Grand Mariner barrels. For those Sour beer fans this should be on your "must try list"., Peanut butter & chocolate treats made by our in house baker..., Come in and pick up This outstanding wine from Portugal "Crasto Douro Red Blend". Fresh floral & berry notes with an elegant & lingering finish., Come in and meet the maker, and try out the new "schnibbles', exclusively at Bee's Knees., Just received our shipment of Night Shift Brewery Bean Porter.  Limited supply!, Todays Specials-

Chicken Burrito
Lime Cilantro rice, black beans, jack cheese, avocado, and sour cream in a white tortilla

Chicken Club
Applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion Chipotle aioli and Cheddar on sliced bread

Foghorn Ranch Salad
Romaine Lettuce, Chicken breast, avocado, cherry tomato, red onion, cilantro, Ranch dressing over Pita bread, Come in and check out our new look, and new sandwich menu- all of your favorites, plus a few new choices!, We got a nice collection of beers for the game today! Go Pats!, The once a year release from Moonlight Meadery. Only 24 cases made with this release.  Flavors reminiscent of a fine cognac makes it a great after dinner treat., Check out our newest selection from Mad Beer.  We have a nice sour/wild ale called Sur & a nice porter called Sod., We have this nice Smoked Sage Saison Ale to warm you up. It's the latest collaboration from Stillwater Ales & Against The Grain.  It's a bright & slightly fruity saison with a earthy smokiness., For those who love Sour beers we just got in Brouwerij Fonteinen Oude Geuze. Very smooth & creamy. It's the ultimate sour with funk, citrus & faint hint of oak. 97 points in Beer Advocate! Limited supply produced, Rainy day blues got you down? We got something for you! Try this highly rated Eclipse Barrel Aged Imperial Stout from Fifty Fifty Brewing Company.  At first taste you get a nice presence of Dark chocolate, espresso with hints of vanilla & coconut followed by a nice warm lingering finish. Brewed in limited batches, so come get yours today!, "Should auld acquaintance be forgot..." Let's take a cup of kindness and celebrate the keepers!
Corks are popping at noon. 
Join us!
Cin Cin,
Catherine, Pop pop fizz fizz. What will you be drinking this New Years? We have a delicious selection to chose from., We will be open until 6PM on New Year's Eve, We are open today from 10-6, We will be closing at 6PM today., Make sure everyone is included this holiday.  Mocktails are a great alternative....., null, There's still time to drop by and pick up a gift basket for the holiday!, SUPER SATURDAY HAS ARRIVED! 
Another reason to open a great bottle and sip while you shop.
Let us help you gather your holiday pours. Whether you're pairing or sharing:). We've got oodles of gifts to grab-and-go, and if that doesn't inspire you, we'll be happy to custom wrap it.
Cin Cin,
Catherine, We are celebrating a great local organization tonight--Paraclete, an after-school educational enrichment program for disadvantaged, urban youth in South Boston. Won't you join us?!, null, We've been busy wrapping up some of our favorite treats for all the good peeps! If you are not among the good:), no worries, we won't tell! Come on in and sip something wonderful, while we help you pick out the perfect gift for YOU!, IT'S A WRAP! We've done the work for you. Grab-and-go gifts for the boss, a friend, the in-laws, and of course you!!! If you don't see what you like, we doubt it:)...but we would be thrilled to custom anything. The little elves are abuzz with good cheer, wrapping and gifting your presents with great care! 
Cin Cin,

Santa Bee!, Need an idea for that Yankee Swap? We have a selection of bitters that will delight any recipient. Come by and ask us about them!, Corks 'a popping! Come and join us at Bee's Knees for your holiday beer, wine and more. We will be here as long as weather permits. Happy Thanksgiving!, May we suggest? 
What are you pouring for Thanksgiving? Bee's Knees is grateful to share a delightful selection just for the holiday!
From rousing Rosés, complex whites, to perfect Pinots, we've got it all. And...let's not forget the bubbles!
Cin Cin,
Catherine
P.S. The beer and wine department is open until 10PM Monday-Saturday. Sunday hours 12-6PM.
Black Friday hours, 10-6PM., Thanksgiving is just a week away. Today from 12-1:30 we will be tasting a refreshing ginger beer that would be a great companion to your Turkey Day eats or as an post-work libation. Come join us!, Bee's Knees will close for private event on Wednesday, Nov 19th at 3pm. The Beer & Wine Shop will re-open at 8pm. Just a reminder, now you can get your favorite wine or beer until 10pm Mon-Sat!, Cocktail lovers, we got you covered at Bee's Knees Supply Co.! Make your drinks special with these handcrafted bitters and syrups, then dress it up with the perfect rim. Need ideas? Craft and classic cocktail recipes will make you a professional bartender in no time! Cheers 🎃, “This Is My Boston” brought The A.V. Club and Basil Hayden’s® together for a fourth time in a city known as the birthplace of American liberty, where that independent spirit is kept alive in local craftspeople working in and around Boston’s vibrant culinary scene. More than 70 people gathered in the hip and cozy confines of The Bee’s Knees Supply Company to experience a night dedicated to makers, each of who shared stories about how living in New England had influenced their work. Enjoy pictures and videos from this great event at http://thisismy.avclub.com/boston, Wine-Down Wednesday is here! Join me and Jake for a little mid-week break featuring a refreshing Verdejo from Rueda, Spain., We have several of these and other tasty beers if pumpkin isn't your thing!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/10/14/six-local-pumpkin-beers-dont-suck/#disqus_thread, It feels like summer, so cool off with a Shandy! Two cases left, this is Shandy's last hurrah!, Is it true that everything from Texas is big? We will be tasting Shiner beers from 12-2 today. Come and find out if they fit into the stereotype., Today's tasting delight is a pretty verdicchio from the Marche region in Italy. Come explore with us!, We are pouring a bold and spicy blend from the Languedoc region of France. Join us!, ROSÉ REVIVAL AT BEE'S KNEES TODAY!
Let's lift a glass in praise of the vintners that have created this luscious libation. Not just for summer any more, rosés have a place at any gathering year round! Why not start your next soirée with a bit of pink. But DONT be fooled. These pours are elegant, refreshing and DRY!
Services start today at 2PM.
Join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, OK. So I finally get excited about fall's arrival and here comes a beautiful, warm weekend. To celebrate summer's likely brief return, we'll be pouring Del's Shandy. Join us!, Fall is here, so ease your fears
With your favorite seasonal beers.
But if you think beer is less than divine,
Come on in and try a new wine.

Wine Wednesday's Treat--a rich and deep white from Willamette., It's a rosé kinda day! And... We have a new beauty! 
Come on in and try!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Oktoberfest officially kicked off in Munich on Sunday while we enjoyed 80 degree temperatures in Boston. We can't promise you oompah music and fair games, but we can offer you some very tasty brews for you to enjoy during Oktoberfest 2014! Prost!, Mention this post and I'll share a  surprisingly yummy stunner with you!

Gol (giggling out loud)!
Catherine, In keeping with my crazy, quirky personality today I'm thinking Gruner. But...not just any Gruner will do! I want to easy on back from my cozy, red coma and go for depth, complexity but still want the spice! That is JUST what you are going to get with this lovely beauty from Oregon.
Won't you join me?

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Chilly weather conjures up cozy thoughts of comfort foods and their partnered perfect pour!
We've got a great one for you to taste!
I'm going to savor this one, for I'll be back at the rosé bar on Sunday! You know what they say here..."If you don't like the weather..."lol!

 Cin Cin,
Catherine, While a hint of summer warmth returned today, a conversation with a customer about apple picking has me thinking about ciders. Join me for a little apple fun., Peter Piper picked a peck of Pinots to please even the most discriminating palate. You can find a Pinot no matter your budget from bold and beautiful to Burgundian and elegant. We just happen to be pouring one of these beauties today, so come join us!, Don't let the photo fool you; we are not cleaning shop, but rather stocking up on beautiful reds and whites to take you through these gray days that are here!, Although I haven't pulled out the woolies YET...I am, however, dressed in many layers and contemplating my big red pour for this evening. I have something BIG, dark, rich and thoroughly satisfying in mind…

Cin cin,
Catherine :), The Pats kickoff at 1:00 pm today, so come in to Bee's Knees and stock up for your game day festivities!, WEATHER FORECAST: cloudy, cool, 70% chance of rain. 
WINE FORCAST: bright ruby red, 97% Cabernet, 3% Mabec, warm, no chance to  disappoint!  
Today is the perfect day to stop on in and sip an awarding pour from a Family dedicated to excellent winemaking. This baby over delivers!
I'll pop the cork when you get here!
Join me!

 Cin Cin,
Catherine, I don't know about you, but my palate is starting to crave reds. Don't get me wrong, I still plan on having rosés throughout the holidays, but today I'm feeling a little French "oh-là-là." Would you like to help me spice it up with a sweet little number from Burgundy? Just in time for TGIF!

Join us!
Cin Cin,
Catherine, As some go kicking and screaming into the fall, do not fret! We still have stunning rosés. I met a sweet gent today who revealed with some embarrassment that he was still enjoying his rosé. Delighted with his proclamation, I shared with him that we at Bee's Knees will be pouring our's throughout the holidays! He promised to visit. I'm hoping he is reading this because he is adorable. I'm just sayin...
In fact, we are getting low and will be ordering more! If you have any requests please let us know! We love to please:)
For those that are thrilled with the thought of fall we have you covered. Our "Oktoberfest" and Pumpkin beer coffers are flying out the door. We just did a reorder and added some newbies!
So let's all celebrate the season and share a glass! We are always pouring something!
Join us,

Cin Cin,
Catherine, In a recent Boston Globe article, sour beers were touted to be the new "it" pour on the craft beer scene! AND....we recently splashed a little into our bubbly and WOW! What a delightful surprise! It just so happens that we have quite a few sours (including some mentioned by the Globe) and lots of bubbles!, Come in and get your supplies to celebrate Labor Day weekend! We are open Saturday, Sunday and Monday 10am - 6pm., *******HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE*******
HAVE A GREAT LABOR DAY WEEKEND!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

 SOUPS:
 - Lentil & Vegetable
 - Creamy Tomato
 HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
 - Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
 - Chicken Burrito 
 - Blackened Chicken w/Cheddar
 COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
 Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
 & Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

 ENJOY!!!!, Kick off Labor Day weekend by swinging by Bee's Knees today (Thursday) for a beer tasting from 4-6 pm! We are pouring some goodies from Blue Hills Brewery so quit laboring about what to drink this weekend and come sample!, Earthquakes and other nature related events!
This past week Napa rattled and wine barrels rolled during a 6.0 rumbler. One such vineyard is owned and operated by the Hendry family.
On August 20th Molly and Mike celebrated the birth of a son. 36 hours late the earthquake hit their vineyard and it sustained considerable damage. On some level we at Bee's Knees want to do our little bit to help. So, we are pouring a stunning Hendry Pinot Noir. 
Let us all lift a glass and remember those who have toiled to make that experience possible.
Cheers to baby Hendry!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, This just in...three friends, a five gallon pot, nocturnal brewing and a mad scientist approach have created something BIG! Come in and check out the new kids on the block and be a part of local (Everett) brewing history in the making!!, Well! A little birdy told me that this gem of a rosé is selling for a meager $12.00 at an establishment not so far down the street. Thank you little birdy for the scoop! So let's all have some fun and share the booty. 
Come on in and sample this beauty from Provence and take it home for $12.00!!!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, LUNCH TIME!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

SOUPS:
- "So Many Beans"
- Creamy Tomato
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Chicken Burrito 
- Blackened Chicken w/Cheddar
- BBQ Pulled Pork
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

ENJOY!!!!, HAVE A GREAT START OF THE WEEK!

 Additions to our Deli menu today are:

 SOUPS:
 - Lentil & Vegetable
 - Creamy Tomato
 HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
 - Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
 - Sloppy Joe
 - Blackened Chicken w/Cheddar
 - Spicy Shrimp Gyro
 COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
 Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
 & Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

 ENJOY!!!!, HAPPY FRIDAY!

 Additions to our Deli menu today are:

 SOUPS:
 - Lentil & Vegetable
 - Creamy Tomato
 HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
 - Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
 - Sloppy Joe
 - Blackened Chicken w/Cheddar
 - Chicken Burrito
 COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
 Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
 & Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

 ENJOY!!!!, null, TODAY AT NOON!!! PARTY!!!
BEER, WINE, FOOD, REPEAT!!!
Join us........

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Good morning! Don't forget our Friday breakfast special only available 8-9. Today we have french toast, egg whites, spinach and cheddar w/home fries and apple wood bacon!, LUNCH TIME!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

SOUPS:
-"So Many Beans"
- Lentil & Vegetable
- Creamy Toamto
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Sloppy Joe
- Chicken/Pesto/Portobello
- Chicken Burrito
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

ENJOY!!!! 
Like, LUNCH TIME!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

SOUPS:
-"So Many Beans"
-Lentil & Vegetable
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Pulled Chicken & Pork BBQ Wrap = Sloppy Joe
- Steak Burrito 
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

ENJOY!!!!, It ain't over till "the stereotypically overweight soprano of Grand Opera" sings! 
Bee's Knees translation: there is plenty of summer left and we are throwing a Brew Bash, Rosé Rally this Friday from noon till.......
Sample some great summer pours and nibble as you go! What are you drinking this weekend?
Join us!!!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, LUNCH TIME!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

SOUPS:
-"So Many Beans"
-Lentil & Vegetable
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Chicken Gyro
- Pulled Chicken & Pork BBQ Wrap = Sloppy Joe
- Chicken Pesto Portobello 
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

ENJOY!!!!, Don't forget about our breakfast special! Only available on Fridays from 8am-9am., LUNCH TIME!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

MADE TO ORDER SPECIALS:
Chipotle Pork Quesadilla
SOUPS:
-"So Many beans"
-Lentil & Vegetable
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Cheese Burger w/Bacon 
- Chicken Burrito  
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes

ENJOY!, And... We'd love to gift it for you!!!, Come join us and meet Lara of "Lara's Cuisine"  and sample her Amazing "Red Chilli Jalapeño"spread and "Balsamic Sweet Peppers" spread!
Perfect for the patio/deck party, boat, or just chillin' with  great rosé!!!
Today 1130-2!, Feeling special this morning? Then you deserve some special breakfast! Only available between 8-9 every Friday! Egg white cheddar omelette with home fries, English muffin, bacon and side of fruit salad., LUNCH TIME!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

MADE TO ORDER SPECIALS:
Chicken Pesto Gyro
Shrimp Wrap w/ Sriracha Aioli
SOUPS:
-French Onion
-Chicken Barley
-Lentil & Vegetable
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Spicy Sausage Sub
- Sloppy Joe 
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes, COME JOIN US FOR LUNCH!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:

MADE TO ORDER SPECIALS:
Chicken Pesto Gyro
Shrimp Wrap w/ Sriracha Aioli
SOUPS:
-French Onion
-Chicken Barley
-Creamy Tomato Basil
HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
- Spicy BBQ Pork & Chicken Sub
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap 
& Our other staple wraps and grab & goes, Happy Monday Boston!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
 
MADE TO ORDER SPECIALS:
 Chicken Pesto Gyro
 Shrimp Wrap w/ Sriracha Aioli

SOUPS:
-French Onion
-Veggie Lentil
-Creamy Tomato Basil

HOT CASE GRAB & GO:
- Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon 
- Italian Sausage Sub w/ Caramelized 
   Onion and Habanero Basil Mayo
-Cheddar Cheeseburgers On Bulky
    Role w/ 1000 Island Dressing 
 
COLD CASE GRAB & GO:
 -Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap along with out staple wraps and grab & goes

Come join use today for lunch!, Meet me for breakfast at Bee's Knees! 
It's Saturday and Briana is making magic in the deli!
Come join and let's brunch al fresco!
Ah......., Grape seed Oil! The new wonder oil that's been around for centuries! Loaded with antioxidants and great for  the skin. Come see for yourself! Our chef has whipped up a fabulous watercress, feta and strawberry salad with an amazing grape seed oil dressing. Sensational AND good for you! Who knew?
Join us today at noon!
Cin Cin,
Catherine, Good Morning Boston!

Come join us for a tasting of Pure Maple Water with the guys from DrinkMaple!
 
Additions to our Deli menu today are:
 MADE TO ORDER:
 Chicken Pesto Gyro
 Shrimp Wrap
 SOUPS:
 French Onion, Veggie Lentil, Creamy Tomato Basil
 HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
 Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon 
 Chicken w/Portobello Mushrooms & Mozzarella
 Sloppy Joes!
 COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
 Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, Additions to our Deli menu today are:
MADE TO ORDER:
Chicken Pesto Gyro
Shrimp Wrap
SOUPS:
French Onion, Veggie Lentil, Creamy Tomato Basil
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Spicy Buritto
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon 
Chicken w/Portobello Mushrooms & Mozzarella
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, In case you are already thinking about what to have for lunch :)

Additions to our Deli Lunch menu today are:
MADE TO ORDER:
Chicken Pesto Gyro
Shrimp Wrap
SOUPS:
French Onion, Veggie Lentil, Creamy Tomato Basil
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Spicy Buritto
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, Additions to our Deli menu today are:
MADE TO ORDER:
Chipotle Chicken TACOS
Flat Bread PIZZA
SOUPS:
French Onion, Veggie Lentil, Creamy Chicken Vegetable
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon 
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, ONE DAY LEFT!!!!! Bee's Knees is thrilled to offer TWO FREE PASSES to a special ADVANCED SCREENING of the action-thriller LUCY tomorrow night. The purchase of a four pack of great pours gets you in!!!! Tickets are limited so hurry on in!, Good Morning!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
MADE TO ORDER:
Chipotle Chicken Tacos
SOUPS:
French Onion, Veggie Lentil, Creamy Chicken Vegetable
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken w/Portobello Mushrooms & Mozzarella,
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
Pulled Brisket Sub
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, Floral Lab Carrie has done it again!!!!!
These little beauties say love whether it's for another or better yet you:) come on in and take one home. At $10, you may need two!!!, Well it's Friday and we have been crazy busy! Time to chill out with a fabulous summer pour from Chile! A crisp, fresh Sauvignon Blanc with a yummy lively finish, offered to you at great price. $15.00 per bottle or 3 for $36!!!! Might be time to plan that deck party!
Cin Cin,
Catherine, HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
MADE TO ORDER:
Blackened Chicken Gyro
SOUPS:
Veggie Lentil, Creamy Chicken Vegetable
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
Chicken w/Portobello Mushrooms & Mozzarella
Potato Egg Sandwich
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, FREE-SPECIAL-ADVANCED-LIMITED!!!!!!!!!!
Now that we've got your attention, Bee's Knees is thrilled to offer two free passes to a special advanced screening of the action-thriller LUCY, with Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman!
The purchase of a four pack of great pours gets you in!!!! Tickets are limited so hurry on in!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Bye Bye Rain and Hello Sunshine!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
MADE TO ORDER:
Lobster Roll!!!!
Pulled Brisket Tacos
SOUPS:
Creamy Tomato Basil, Veggie Lentil, Creamy Chicken Vegetable
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken w/Portobello Mushrooms & Mozzarella, 
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

ENJOY!, Ahh...Sweet Saturdays, and we are serving up Brunch! Coffee and doughnuts, in your brew that is! Mikkeller has done it again with an Imperial Oatmeal Stout brewed with gourmet coffee. The result is a mouthful of coffee flavor with hints of smoke and chocolate. And, if you like a little treat with your coffee then Rogue's Voodoo Dougnut will have you asking for seconds. This surprisingly big brown ale has notes of raspberry, pretzel, coffee and chocolate. All this with out the spare tire!  
If brew is not your fancy, then we have rosé bubbles to tickle your taste buds! Something for everyone! Join us at noon today! Our cheese monger, Jarron, promises to impress with two new offerings from a local organic farm. Just in the door yesterday. I had a sneak peek and all I could say was YUMMY!
Come on in and join us!

Cin Cin,  
Catherine, For all the red wine lovers who have felt completely ignored and maybe a bit tired of all the rosé rhetoric...(not me:), Today is your day! It's cooler, so let's sip a lovely Pinot Noir from Cienega Valley, California. Loaded with vibrant wild berry flavors and an elegant finish-- perfect with Owen's pâté! Join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, We are feeling a little mischievous today! The Famille Rue is giving us plenty of amo with their Belgian-style ale, Mischief! Touted to be golden and hoppy, "not quite evil, yet not to be trusted."
Let's find out together!, HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
SOUPS:
Tomato Basil, Spicy Chicken Sopa Verde
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chipotle Cheddar Stuffed Burger, Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
MADE TO ORDER:
Grilled Chicken Gyro, Portobello Mushroom "Burger", Speaking of lovely gestures, check this out!
Carrie of Flower Lab, our flower lady, gifted me this sweet posey of roses. Stunning! Come check out her great selections and bring home a happy of your own!, Happy Friday! Having had a long week I'm thrilled it's the weekend. A lovely gentleman came into the wine shop a few weeks ago and wanted to buy a "very nice bottle of wine" for his wife. He selected a gorgeous gem from Italy priced around $50. I asked "what's the occasion?", "it's Friday"! So... In keeping with that adorable gesture, let's celebrate today because...
Come in and tell us why you need to celebrate today! The whining/wining starts at 2PM. If your a blue fish stir clear, Owen's made another batch of his amazing pâté and it is swimming out the door, and, we will be sampling it! 
See you around 2!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Maple water is hydrating, electrolyte-packed and naturally low in sugar. Contains only 20 calories per serving. Find it now at Bee's Knees!, MAST BROTHERS Chocolates are now at Bee's Knees!, Get your SCOOP of Batch or FoMU and BE COOL!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
SOUPS:
Tomato Basil, Spicy Chicken Sopa Verde 
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chipotle Cheddar Stuffed Burger, Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
MADE TO ORDER:
Grilled Chicken Gyro, Portobello Mushroom "Burger", Don't forget to grab your scoop of ICE CREAM or delicious MILKSHAKE to STAY COOL today!

Additions to our Deli menu today are:
SOUPS:
Tomato Basil, Spicy Chicken Sopa Verde, Chicken Noodle Soup
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chipotle Cheddar Stuffed Burger, Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
MADE TO ORDER:
Grilled Chicken Gyro, Veggie Burger, Additions to our Deli menu today are:
SOUPS:
Tomato Basil
Spicy Chicken Sausage w/Beans
Chicken Noodle Soup
HOT CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chipotle Cheddar Stuffed Burger
Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon on Pita Bread
COLD CASE READY TO GRAB:
Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap
SANDWICH MADE TO ORDER:
Grilled Chicken Gyro
Veggie Burger

Enjoy!, NEED TO COOL DOWN?! Come grab your Scoop or Milk Shake at Bee's Knees. FoMu is back with flavors like Avocado, Strawberry, Vanilla, Salted Caramel and Bourbon Maple. It's a beautiful day in Fort Point!, Additions to our Deli menu today are:
SOUPS: 
Tomato Basil
Spicy Chicken Sausage w/Beans
Chicken Noodle Soup
SANDWICHES: 
1. Chipotle Cheddar Stuffed Burger
2. Bistro Chicken w/ Cheddar & Bacon  
3. Chicken Avocado Spinach Wrap

Enjoy!, Well, we surely had a great 4th party at Bee's Knees today! We want to thank all of you for braving the weather and joining us. Owen's Blue Fish Pâté was an enormous hit and almost sold out:) Melvin's white pizza's and smoked salmon wrapped asparagus garnered such praise that we did a catering of the treats for a neighborhood party. Cyndi and I had a blast meeting, greeting and sharing great wines and craft beers. Shout out to Jarron for his cheese pairings. He really knows his curds:) 
All in all, it was an amazing day. We remain grateful for all of your support and just can't wait for another excuse to party. All and any suggestions will be seriously entertained:) 

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Join us at noon!, Happy 4th of July!!! In honor of "shots heard around the world" we are pouring Revolver Rosé, Revolver Chenin Blanc, and Jack's Abby red white and blue Framingham Lager! Come show your patriotism and lift a glass in praise of the valiant efforts of our forefathers. The party starts at noon. Oh, and there will be pizza!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, No plans for the 4th? Stormy weather? Well it's party time at Bee's Knees!!!! We are pouring beer and wine and munching on cheeses, baguette pizzas and who knows what else. 
Come on in and let's celebrate together!
We are open from 10AM-6PM.

CinCin,
Catherine, The only thing girly about this is the pink bottle.
Think Guinness kissed by a chocolate covered raspberry. Where's my main squeeze? This is a big brown ale, definitely not for the faint of heart !!!
Come on in for a taste-

Cin Cin, 
Catherine, "It's 5 o'clock somewhere" and we are ready to chill out with a beautiful Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand. This baby screams pink grapefruit! The finish is smooth, dry and no surprise...refreshing! Join us. Bring friends. It's party time!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Well, our Gamay gem is selling like crazy. Amanda from Boston says "it makes you want to run in the sunshine." She bought one for her and one for her mom. Are you listening my darling daughter???, Happy Friday! It's a great day to sit outside and sip something refreshing. We just opened a fabulous little bubbly from France made from 100% Gamay! Matthew from Detroit just proclaimed, "tastes like summer!" See what you think. Come join us-

Cin Cin,
Catherine, "Its 5 o'clock somewhere" and we just got in a gorgeous Gruner Veltliner. Full of aromatic fruits, with crisp acidity, this Gruner has a surprisingly long dry finish, perfect with seafood and shellfish dishes. What better day to sip something refreshing! Come join us-

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Yea!!!!! Del's  Shandy is back!
And just in time. With this sticky weather ya just wanna kick back with a cold one!!!, I've got it! Let's Stay in our own backyard and sip something American. Think Charles and Charles Rosé from Washington State. Whether  you are watching the US kick around a soccer ball, or getting ready for July 4th, what better way to do it then with a rosé with an American flag on the label!
Join us-

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Yes! We made it. "13 Days of Rosés" and I'm contemplating our commencement pour. Let the fun begin! We've sipped together, shared our thoughts and formed opinions. It's time! What a better way to stock the larder then a sale. Save 13% on a 4 pack of your favorites in a grab and go Bee's Knees tote. Be prepared. The summer has officially arrived! 

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Day 12 of "13 Days of Rosés" and we are ending our tour with a sweet offer. Take home a fabulous four pack of selected rosés and save 13%! Taste tested and hand picked.  A gem from Provence showcases the delicate flavors of berries and stone fruits. A Bella Italiana that is surprisingly big with refreshing acidity. A Washington State stunner with Rhone grapes, shaken not stirred with a kicker finish. Lastly Pinot Noir made on an Italian estate in Germany! Wow was all we could say! With 13% off these jewels you will grab them up at $13.25 per bottle and get a Bees Knees tote for your next outing! Come on in and join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Day eleven, and we head to Napa. Right now the temperature is 54. By this afternoon it will be in the high 80's. Absolutely the perfect weather to sit and sip today's rosé. With a delicate bouquet of floral notes and berry aromas and a luscious refreshing mouthfeel,
You will be coming back for more! 
Join us-  
Cin Cin,
Catherine, Day 10 of "13 Days of Rosés" and we head back to the states. The same winemaker as yesterdays Provence pour, with a totally different style as American as the flag! Bold, dry, a "tug-of-war" between sweet and savory with a snappy acidity this is a refreshing winner.
Come in and join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, BEER! Why should all the wine-o's have all the fun? Bee's Knees is sample Mikkeller today! 
Hoppy, citrusy perfect summer pours.
Join Cyndi and me and try something new.
Sante!, Happy Saturday! 
Day 9 of "13 days..." And we head south to where it all began, Provence. The vineyard is in the ancient village of Lauris, surrounded by olive groves and vines. But don't let that fool you. The wine maker is zany and quirky and so is this rosé!
Join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Happy Thursday-day 6 of "Thirteen Days of Rosés". I'm feeling La Familia today. So, off we go to Sicilia! The weather in Menfi is perfect for sipping this homemade Bellezza. Pale pink, wafts of Ribera wild strawberries and pomegranate mingle with the salty air and I'm transformed. "Scotty, do NOT beam me up"
Join me and let's pretend together!

Cin Cin!
Catherine, Day 6 of "13 days of Rosé's" and we head back state side to Oregons's Willamette Valley. A blend of Pinot Noir, Chardonnay and Gewürztraminer! This beauty is loaded fresh fruits, raspberry, watermelon and a faint hint of wildflower honey. A pool party sipper to please all!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, Day 5 of "13 days..." And we head north to Sancerre! Today we sip a beautiful Pinot Noir Rosé that will have you craving a deck party and spicy grilled shrimp!
Come in and join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, "It's 5 o'clock somewhere"...
It's Monday, and as I lingered over my melon I was reminded of the lovely aromas and tastes of Côtes de Provence Rosé After the austere, woodsy California Rosé we poured for dad, we are going south. South of France that is! Our day 4 Rosé is full of ripe strawberries and melon notes. We start at 2 so come on in and join us!

Cin Cin,
Catherine, "It's 5 o'clock somewhere! "
Saturday June 14th, day two of thirteen days of rose! In honor of Dad's day, we are pouring a very dry rose with an oaky finish that will match any medium bodied red. If the darker color doesn't lure you in then maybe the name and label. Revolver "Blood and Roses" is deep, dark and woody. A masculine profile with a dry tannin finish. Come on in out of the rain and try something new!

Cin Cin,

Catherine, It's Friday, treat yourself with our Half Chicken Special with side of garlic & dill mushed potatoes and pan fried corn. 🍴🍗, ROSE COLORED GLASSES!
Happy Friday the Thirteenth! Let's climb out from under the covers and celebrate Friday the Thirteenth of June! Bees Knees is embarking on a quest to find the perfect rose for you! Over the next 13 days we will be tasting a different rose to tempt our palates!  
Ok, so this isn't suppose to be a rosy day.  I know something about superstition. My grandmother use to chant over a bowl of olive oil and water studying the size and quantity of the oil drops. Every time her Italian girl friends would compliment her, " Catherine your children are so beautiful" she'd be back over the bowl. Personally, I don't believe in such folly. Hmm...I've been in Boston 2 months. My car has been hit twice, and I'm on my 4th aerobed. The first 3 sprang a leak. "Grandma can you her me"? 
Teasing aside I did find one reference to justify possible cause for concern. And, surprise! An Italian was involved: 
"He [Rossini] was surrounded to the last by admiring friends; and if it be true that, like so many Italians, he regarded Fridays as an unlucky day and thirteen as an unlucky number, it is remarkable that on Friday 13th of November he passed away."
Let's ignore lore and toast to today!

Cin Cin,

Catherine., Come try our cold avocado and cucumber soup today. It's gluten free, healthy and delicious! We also have two hot soups, our deli sandwiches and salads to choose from. Deli special today is 3 meatball sub!!!, Tonight I had my first private wine tasting with the eclectic, vino savvy SEWER group, acronym for South End Wine Evaluation and Review.
WOW! What a great gathering of wine enthusiasts. We sipped, debated, scribbled, whispered, talked amongst ourselves, and shared. Let me be clear. This group is not for the faint of heart. They know some stuff. You have to be on your toes and ready for any and all little know or "who cares" facts! They clearly do! And as it turns out, so do I! What is the TA in the last glass you sipped?
We had a blast. I'm not sure they learned anything from me but I certainly did from them, and the conversation was electric. All this was without a doubt enhanced by the clever cheese pairings of our new cheese monger Jaron.
It was a very late night. It was indeed a great night. 
Our thanks to Jim Truitt for making it all happen. 
Shout out to our Braidie for all you kind assistance:)
Just can't wait for the next one.

Cin Cin,

Catherine, Come grab your lunch at Bee's Knees. Meatball sub as a special, Basho Sushi, chicken vegetable and spring vegetable soup and of course our delicious deli sandwiches and salads to choose from!, "Raining days and Mondays" don't have to get you down! All our chanting over roses seems to have paid off. At least for now, it appears that summer has arrived and we are celebrating with rose. Let's continue our education into the world of roses and try yet another great pour from France! Tres Bon!

Cin Cin,

Catherine, It's a sunny Friday, a beautiful weekend ahead of us, and you know you want a milkshake to reward yourself after a long week! Come to Bee's Knees and pick your flavor either from Batch or vegan FoMu!, "It's 5 o'clock somewhere" is thrilled to announce our TGIF offering! We are sampling a luscious big Cabernet blend from Healdsburg, Ca. Just when I thought this "baby" was a Bordeaux blend the wine maker threw in 5% Syrah for giggles. I had the pleasure last week and WOW! I found myself savoring each sip and the nuances that time revealed. Not my usual style of drinking but this beauty commands respect. Come join us, and see what you think!

Cin Cin,

Catherine, Today at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. we are proud to host a tasting of McCrea's Caramels from 11 AM - 2 PM.

Drop by for a hot sandwich or soup on this rainy day and have one of the sweetest treats you can imagine - delicious caramels in a variety of flavors, including their latest, Basil Cayenne!

http://www.mccreascandies.com/, Summertime means ice cream and you can't beat Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream.  With cool flavors by the pint like Roxbury Road, Brambleberry Crisp and Savannah Buttermint, you will surely find something to tickle your fancy!, It was so well-received yesterday, today the BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. beer and wine department is tasting the 2012 Crios Torrontes from Argentina again!  Similar in profile to a Viognier with hints of peach, white pear and orange blossom, on the palate it has the structure and acidity of a Sauvignon Blanc.  Perfect for a summer day, great with seafood (especially crab), mild to medium-strong cheeses and smoked meats.  Drop by to visit Catherine and learn about this beautiful wine!, It feels like a perfect day for a BBQ!

BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. is offering a roasted bbq 1/2 chicken for $8.00 today at lunch.  
Add a small fountain drink and coleslaw and it is $10.50! 
Add a small fountain drink and potato salad for $11.00!

We also have a delicious Shrimp Bisque (there is lobster stock in it, too!) and BASHO SUSHI, freshly rolled!, Today in the BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. beer and wine department we are tasting the 2012 Crios Torrontes from Argentina.  Similar in profile to a Viognier with hints of peach, white pear and orange blossom, on the palate it has the structure and acidity of a Sauvignon Blanc.  Perfect for a summer day, great with seafood (especially crab), mild to medium-strong cheeses and smoked meats!, Come Join Us For Lunch!
TODAYS SPECIALS
Delicious and juicy 1/2 BBQ Chickens with a side of Coleslaw OR Potato Salad. Get them while they last...

And for Dinner come try our new Baby Back Ribs & Rotisserie Chickens. Enjoy the Sunny Day!, Happy Friday Everyone!
Here are additions to our LUNCH MENU today:

Corned Beef and Purple Cabbage Slaw on Whole Wheat with Thousand Island Dressing

Creamy Tomato Soup

Creamy Asparagus Soup

Ham & White Bean Soup

Follow that up with FoMu Milkshake, Kickass Cupcake or Cookie Monstah Cookie!, "ITS 5 O'CLOCK SOMEWHERE"

Welcome to the Bees Knee's wine blog!

I have a very dear friend from Spain, Roberto. Each year we would splurge and celebrate our birthdays at the Four Seasons for breakfast. 

I guess we thought we couldn't afford brunch. One year we met at 10:30 AM. I mentioned to my friend that I really wanted a glass of champagne. His response, "Please Catherine, It's 5 o'clock somewhere!"

To pay homage to this time-honored quip, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. will be pouring a little something every day around 2 PM. (The new 5!).

Help us kick it off today, with a gorgeous Rose bubbly from Premier wine maker Graham Beck.  Graham Beck Wines, now entering its 3rd generation as a family winery, was established in 1983 in the oldest wine region in South Africa.  

This lively Rose is 51% Pinot Noir and 49% Chardonnay.  Full of ripe cherry and strawberries, "with its racy acidity, and with a powerful creamy textured, peachy finish" this little beauty is perfect for any celebratory occasion. 

Even if (or especially if) it is simply TGIF!
Come enjoy-

Cin Cin!

Catherine Terranova
Bees Knees Wine Buyer, Special additions to our LUNCH MENU today:

Corned Beef and Purple Cabbage Slaw on Whole Wheat with Thousand Island Dressing

Creamy Tomato Soup

Roasted Corn & Clam Chowder

Ham & White Bean Soup

Follow that up with a delicious FOMU vegan milkshake (chocolate, salted caramel or avocado)!  It is a beautiful day!, Celebrate this beautiful sunny day and grab fresh made SUSHI FROM BASHO at Bee's Knees!, Today in the BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. Beer and Wine Department we will be tasting the Crios 2013 Malbec.  A delicious wine, come by and try a sip or two!, Root: 1 [The Original Ungrafted], Today in the BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. Wine & Beer Department we will be tasting a brand new arrival: Root: 1 Sauvignon Blanc  2013 from the Casablanca Valley in Chile!

Subtle but nicely complex with dried herb, citrus and slightly nutty aromas. This wine is easy drinking, medium weight on the palate with restrained and slightly creamy texture that shows a nice base of orange and candied pineapple with a hint of ginger to it. The finish is very clean...

Drop by, say hello to Catherine and try a sip!  We think you will love it as much as we do!, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. & Floral Lab are having a hanging plant sale today.  Drop by and check out these fantastic flowers!, Is it starting to feel a bit chilly outside after this beautiful weekend?  No problem - our soup specials today at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. are Creamy Tomato Basil and Smoky Three Bean & Beef Chili.  They will warm you right up!  :-), BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. will be closed on Monday, May 26th for the Memorial Day holiday.

Our respect to all who have bravely served our country., BEE's KNEES SUPPLY CO. Wine and Beer Department is proud to be offering a tasting of 2012 Azienda Agricola Eugenio Rosi Riflesso Rosi Vallagarina IGT!

A crisp Italian rosato: Beautiful, quite strong rose, candy like colour. Classy. Nose: elegant; ripe wild strawberries, bit sweet. Fresh anyway plus later strawberry notes. Taste: rhubarb, tea; some strawberry and red currant flavors in the finish. Sweetness and freshness together. Despite quite low acidity great balance.

Drop by today and have a taste - we will be open until 10 pm!, 2 New additions to our lunch menu today - 
TURKEY WHITE BEAN CHILI & MEATBALL SUB with provolone cheese on baguette. Don't forget to get one of our delicious milkshakes with Batch or FoMu ice cream. Treat yourself, It's Friday!!!!!, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. is proud to host a tasting of Trimbach wines today from 4 PM until 6 PM.  A beautiful wine to start a beautiful weekend!  (Those raindrops are going to leave town, we promise!), How about this to kick of your Memorial Day weekend?  We will be doing a tasting of MOA Cider from Marlborough, New Zealand from noon until 2pm today.  Drop on by, grab some lunch, and have a taste of summer!, We are doing a tasting of festive brews from Mayflower Brewing Company this evening!!  Swing by BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. Beer & Wine Department and try some!, Come and get your scoop! Or make it a milkshake :), Today we are tasting two beautiful wines in the BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. Wine & Beer Department!  The 2012 Bonny Doon Vin Gris de Cigare & The Villa Wolf Rosé de Pinot Noir.  Drop by, say hello to Catherine and enjoy a sip or two!, For tasting today in The BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. Wine and Beer Department is the 2012 Bonny Doon Vin Gris de Cigare - drop by, say hello to Catherine and give it a taste!

Fresh and bright with a shell pink color reminiscent of a Cotes de Provence Rosé. Since this is a true Vin Gris, and perforce receives but the most minimal skin contact, it is very discreet both in hue and aromatic profile. There are hints of wild strawberry, white cherry, ripe peach, and the barest whiff of spearmint, giving way to notes of strawberry, blood orange, and grapefruit. A very lean, mineral-intensive structure draws one into the wine, rather than assaults one with a riotous floral/fruity bombardment. 

Perhaps most compelling is the wine's tremendous food-friendliness. Wonderful with traditional Provencal fare including charcuterie, pate, salade nicoise, and the aioli platter, it's an incredibly flexible partner at the table, complementing everything from international cuisine—curries, tagines, or chiles rellenos—to a vast array of seafoods, poultry, salads, and cheeses. 

62% Grenache, 17% Mourvedre, 9% Roussanne, 6% Grenache Blanc, 6% Cinsault, Taste some great Bee's Knees jams while waiting for your sandwich! It's happening now!, Our collaboration with Floral Lab at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. has a flower sale today!  Fresh and cut flowers are included in the sale items.  Drop by!, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. will be tasting THE CURATOR 2011 RED WINE today from 3PM until 8 PM in the Wine & Beer Department!

The Curator is made by the Badenhorst Family Wines of the Swartland region of South Africa, known for their Secateurs label. This red blend is made up of Shiraz, Mourvèdre, Cinsault and Viognier. On the nose there is a good deal of spice, including cinnamon, clove, anise and black pepper. There is also a fair amount of smoke within the dark fruit overtones. The blend tastes of currants, blueberries, blackberries and a hint of strawberry. Due to the exotic blend of grapes in this wine, it will pair well with many dishes including lamb stew, sweet barbecued ribs or chicken.

Drop by and give it a try!, On this sunny Saturday, we will be tasting The Villa Wolf Rosé de Pinot Noir, a true rosé, made with a brief maceration before pressing to extract a lovely salmon color. It is light and refreshing, with bright berry and fruit flavors and a clean, zippy finish. 

We will be pairing it with a Bavarian Blue cheese.

THE BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. Wine & Beer Department will be open until 10 PM tonight!, It's Friday and that means it is time for BLOOD & ROSES ROSE 2012.  Drop by and visit Catherine at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. for a taste - the wine and beer store is open until 10:00 PM tonight and Saturday!, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. will be closing at 3:00 PM today for a private event.  We will re-open tomorrow at 7:00 AM.  

Summer hours: the Wine & Beer Shop will be open until 10:00 PM on Friday and Saturday nights!, Cider fans - today we will be tasting Moa Cider from 4PM - 8PM in the BEE'S KNEES WINE & BEER SHOP.  This tasty libation is made with apples & kiwifruit and is French oak aged in Marlborough, New Zealand.  Delicious!, We at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. are proud to now serve gluten-free bakery products from KYOTOFU BAKERY including breakfast muffins, mini cupcakes, cookies and amazing green tea-strawberry shortbreads!, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY summer Café hours started today!
Monday - Friday      7:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Saturday   10:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Sunday   10:00 AM - 6:00 PM

Drop by for a breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee to start off your day!, It is over 80 degrees outside!  Perfect for a chilled Pinot Noir Rose from Joseph Mellot - Sincerite 2013.  We will be tasting until 8:00 pm tonight...drop by and enjoy!, BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY summer Café hours start tomorrow!
Monday - Friday      7:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Saturday 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Sunday 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM

Drop by for a breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee to start off your week!, Nothing says beautiful spring Sunday like fresh flowers from Floral Lab at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO., What a perfect sunny Sunday to have a freshly made sandwich and sit on the patio at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY!, Pretty darn beautiful outside today right?
Drop by BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY and join us to taste a fine rose: Bieler Piere et Fils 2013!  
Or how about a refreshing summer hard cider?  
Downeast Cider House's Hard Honey - perfect for a day like this!  Crisp and refreshing.

Open today until 6 PM.

Happy Mother's Day!, Come into BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. and check out our award-winning selection of carefully curated craft beers and small-production wines.  Thank you, DigBoston!  The Wine and Beer Department is open until 9:00 PM tonight and noon until 6:00 PM tomorrow!

http://digboston.com/boston-food-drinks/2014/04/dig-this-awards-2014-eats-drinks/, The Bee's Knees Wine & Beer Department is open until 9:00 PM tonight.  In the neighborhood?  Drop by to sample some  sparkling rose and check out our selection of small-production wines and craft beers.  You won't be disappointed!, Don't miss the beautiful flowers from Floral Lab being sold at BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO.  Fresh and perfect for Mother's Day!, Pretty in pink, perfect for Mother's Day!  Drop by BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. today and taste Secco Italian Bubbles 2012 Rose.
Fun and refreshing as the temperature rises..., Floral Lab is selling beautiful fresh flowers every day at Bee's Knees Supply Co.!  Perfect for Mother's Day!, Drop by this afternoon or evening - we are tasting Secco Italian Bubbles Rose 2012 - a perfect treat for a springtime or a gift for Mother's Day!, Mother's Day is just around the corner...drop by BEE'S KNEES SUPPLY CO. for something beautiful for Mom - fresh flowers, beautiful wine and champagne, gorgeous gifts - they are all here!, Today from 5 pm until 7 pm we will be joined by our friends from PEAK ORGANIC BREWING for a tasting of their fine beers!  Don't miss out!, We are so excited to RE-OPEN OUR FOOD SERVICE and also welcome delicious rolled fresh sushi from popular BASHO JAPANESE BRASSERIE HERE AT BEE'S KNEES! It is ready for you to grab, so come by and get it!, Our floors are drying and we are so excited to re-open our food service tomorrow! In a meanwhile we have our signature sandwiches and salads ready for you to grab today. Our beer, wine and retail is open until 9pm.
Our hours on Thursday and Friday will be 10am-9pm with food service., We are closed for breakfast and lunch today for maintenance. Beer, Wine and Retail hours today are 10am-9pm.
We apologize for any inconvenience!, null, The wines we are tasting today:
2012 Mirth Chardonnay from the Columbia Valley in Washington State - rich with tropical notes...
2012 di Maio Norante Sangiovese from Molise, Italy - juicy and spirited....
2012 Orlegi Tempranillo from the Basque district of Rioja, Spain - a complex pour with great structure and finish.
Drop by for a taste!, Bee's Knees will be closed on Monday, April 21st. Good luck to all the runners today! We'll see you tomorrow., >>> THIS JUST IN!! <<<

Brighten your afternoon...
Hard Honey Orange Cider Friday Afternoon Tasting!
Come sample our Newest Arrival fresh form the Orchard.
Hard Honey: 'Our take on the world's oldest drink combines pure orange blossom honey with fresh apple cider for a clean, easy-drinking session mead.'
From the Fermentation Lab at DOWNEASTER Cider House.
Hurry! While stocks last!!!, Just a reminder... Join us for a tasting during your lunch break today! We won't tell your boss :)
Great beer, tawny in color, light in taste with crisp finish. 
We'll see you between 12pm and 2pm. Cheers!

http://www.pennybrew.com/about.html, We would like to thank DigBoston and their readers for the award and also congratulate our Fort Point neighbors, Flour Bakery+Cafe and Tavern Road on theirs. It's great to be part of such a vibrant neighborhood! 

http://digboston.com/boston-food-drinks/2014/04/dig-this-awards-2014-eats-drinks/, WE ARE HIRING!, And speaking of craft beer... Join us for a tasting during your lunch break tomorrow! We won't tell your boss :) Great beer, tawny in color, light in taste with crisp finish. 
Friday, April 11th between 12pm and 2pm. Cheers!

http://www.pennybrew.com/about.html, null, It finally feels like spring today. Come and get one of our popular flavored iced coffees! The flavor is in the beans, no artificial sweeteners added. Did you say you wanted banana hazelnut? Yeah, that's the most wanted one..., Who is craving afternoon coffee? how about with Kickass Cupcake?, We have our two alarm chili and tomato basil soup to keep you warm on this cold rainy day., Our favorite dark roast coffee is back!, Come in today and try our fabulous chef Katrina's Chicken & Rice soup!, Just in: Stone IPA Enjoy By 4.20.14 
Limited amount, get it while it's in stock!, null, Bee's Knees Supply Co. is hiring!, Looking to book a private event? Let us know what you're looking for and we'll make it happen! 617-292-2337, Store CLOSING at 4pm today for a private event. Beer & Wine will be OPEN until 5pm today. We apologize for any inconvenience., Enjoy this spring day with a wine tasting starting at 3:30!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Today's Soups: Carrot & Ginger (vegetarian) and Two Alarm Chili, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, Ham&Cheese croissants are back! The perfect breakfast or afternoon snack (available all day in the café)., Today's Featured Beer Of The Day: Grampus Hoppy Golden Double Mash from Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project. This American Strong Ale has a "Bro Rating" of 90 - and we have to agree, it's quite tasty!, Happy Friday! Wine tasting going on NOW! Here are the selected wines from Café Europa that the lovely Marcia is tasting out: 
Flying Cloud Cab
Ruspante Chianti
Chateau D'Eau Chardonnay 
Chateau Bonhoste Blanc, Today's Featured Beer Of The Day: Cidre Bouché Brut de Normandie. Notes on this cider beer: this beer is filled with fruity and sweet apple aromas, with a fresh, crisp taste it is brewed with the perfect balance of sweetness and acidity. Come try it on your lunch break here! CALVADOS DUPONT Domaine Familial Louis Dupont #ciderbeer #lunchbreak, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Today's Beer of The Day is the Hitachino Nest Real Ginger Brew from Kiuchi Brewery. This beer has a nice balance of spicy and hoppy flavors, and with fresh ginger roots added, it's a beer we definitely recommend trying! Hitachino Nest Real Ginger Brew scored a BA rating of 82 - SAMPLE IT HERE during lunch and let us know what you think! #gingerbeer #craftbeer Hitachino Nest Beer Singapore, We will now have a Featured Beer of The Day! Today's beer is quite the eye-catcher: Justin Blåbær (Evil Twin/Westbrook/CBX Collaboration). 
Notes on this beer: It's no secret, the name and label on this beer is meant to poke fun at a well known celebrity (we think you can guess who). Jam-packed with blueberries, it takes a twist on your average beer, "The Bros" rating it an outstanding 92! COME TRY IT NOW AT BEE'S!, Today's Soups: Creamy Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, Happy Monday! Start your day off with our new Egg White Wrap with Eggplant, Zucchini, Sun Dried Tomato, Arugula, and Goat Cheese $7.99, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Don't forget to vote for us as your favorite Artisinal Market and for our Craft Beer & Wine selection! Thanks to DigBoston https://docs.google.com/forms/d/10X0B2OBPUNhI0TjBIChuyc1WDjfFH1hDxYwh7_l07ts/viewform, Honored to be nominated for this years Arts and Entertainment Award from The DigBoston for our Craft Beer & Wine section and for our Artisanal Market! Vote for us by clicking the provided link - much appreciated!! , Today's Soups: Cream of Potato & Cheddar and Two Alarm Chili, Switching up the soups! Cream of Potato & Cheddar, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, New chocolates from Ethereal Confections!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Happy Sunday everyone. Bee's Knees will be closed today for store inventory. Will see you on Monday., Beer tasting tonight from Coronado Brewing Company starts at 4pm!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Pick up the kind of #Lunch you actually want on your lunch break. Maine Beer and Beverage Co., #Lunch beer from Maine Beer and Beverage Co. available tomorrow - Limited quantity! #craftbeer, Coronado Brewing Company will be here TOMORROW for a beer tasting from 4-6PM, Try a new menu item like our Grass Fed Burger - flat top beef patty, onion jam, on an Iggy’s roll., Today's Soups: Creamy Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, For all you vegetarians out there, exciting news: We now have a veggie burger on the menu! Portland Maine blue mango veggie burger w/ lettuce, tomato, garlic aioli on an Iggy's roll., Blue Hills Brewery will be hosting our beer tasting tonight from 6-8!, OUR NEW MENU IS OFFICIALLY UP AND RUNNING!
Come in for a better look of what our menu has to offer., Freshly baked this morning - Bacon Peanut Brittle! Don't knock it 'til ya try it!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, More snow calls for a warm cup of soup! Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili available at the Deli counter., New Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams flavors are in!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, null, Bee's Knees will be closing at four today in order to give our employees time to get home safely before the worst of winter storm Quintus!  Come in before then to grab your last minute needs!, Valentine's Day wine tasting with the lovely Fred Mullins this evening from 4-7!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Pork & Lentil, Come checkout our selection of Kickass Cupcakes in our Cafe and pre-order your Valentine's Day cupcakes today! 617-292-BEES, We officially have a new tradition. We'll post something to put a smile on your face every time it snows!, Happy #WineWednesday! Have you seen our new wine room set up?, Have you tried our new deli specials this week?
Finnochiona Salami Grilled Cheese $7.50
Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup Combo $9
Toasty (toasted baguette with a variation of toppings) $3 
Toasty Soup Combo $6.5, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, Take your pick! #ValentinesDay #Cupcakes Kickass Cupcakes, What are you getting your Valentine? We've got the perfect gift., Today's Soups: Pork & Lentil, Tomato Basil, and Two Alarm Chili, Who doesn't like a little chocolate with their bubbly? 
Rosé w/ Chocolate Heart $25
Champagne w/ Chocolate Heart $50  
#chocolate #valentinesday #vdaygifts, Pre-order cupcakes for your Valentine! 617-292-BEES, DELI SPECIALS:
Finnochiona Salami Grilled Cheese $7.50
Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup Combo $9
Toasty (Pesto & Stracciatella Toasty or Finnochiona Salami, Olive Spread and Goat Gouda Toasty) $3 
Toasty Soup Combo $6.5, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, House-made Valentine's Day brownies!, Happy Friday! Pick up #Lunch and #AnotherOne for your weekend festivities. @mainebeerco, null, Looking for something to do this Thursday night? Fall In Love With Fort Point Event starts in less than 1 hour! All proceeds go directly to the Fort Point Arts Community. There will be lots of drinks and tasty food from Tavern Road , Trade and KO Catering and Pies and of course we will provide #cheese and #charcuterie!, Fall In Love With Fort Point Event tonight 6-8 here at Bee's Knees! All proceeds benefit the Fort Point Arts Community #FPAC #FortPoint #Boston, null, Freshly in stock, get 'em while they last! @mainebeerco #craftbeer #Lunch #AnotherOne, Don't forget to join us tomorrow night. Neighborhood is getting together to support FPAC. We'll have sax tunes playing by Mike Moss and refreshments supplied by Bee's Knees Supply Co., Trade, KO Blackbird Pie Company, LLC and Tavern Road. And let's not forget the art!, SNOW DAY SPECIAL: Get a FREE pastry with any coffee/latte purchase. #snowday, null, Cafe and Deli open for lunch! Come and get your grocery's, beer and wine before 2:30. Snowed in? Let us know if you need your beer and wine delivered 617-292-BEES, Good morning Boston! We have Breakfast and Lunch menu available, Cafe and Juice Bar is waiting for you to come in and warm up. We will be closing at 2:30pm. Be safe out there!, NEW DELI SPECIALS TODAY:
-Grilled Cheese & Tomato Basil Soup Combo $9 
-Finnochiona Salami Grilled Cheese $7.50, Your afternoon latte is awaiting you..., Chocolates galore!, Who's ready for Valentine's Day? Pre-order your Valentine's Day bouquet here at Bee's Knees Supply Co. from local floral lab. Custom design from February 7th-14th, a dozen roses wrap start at $50, a vase arrangement starts at $65. 
617-292-BEES, This snowy weather calls for a warm cup of soup! Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili are the soups today., We have something exciting to do for you on Thursday night! Please join us here at Bee's Knees Supply Co. for Fall in Love with Fort Point event. Fun night to benefit Fort Point Arts Community., The weather is a balmy 43 degrees - here at Bee's Knees, that's ice cream weather!  Come in and try two flavors of ice cream from Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams: Chamomile & Sweet Potato with Torched Marshmallows.  (Word to the wise - Mia says the Sweet Potato always sells out when people get to try it, and our staff has already grabbed some pints for themselves!), Foolproof Brewing Company will be here for a beer tasting tonight from 5-7, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Today is the last day to order your Super Bowl Platter! Call the store to place your order for this special game day platter that's just $50 
617-292-BEES, Today's Soups: Chickpea, Curry & Carrot and Two Alarm Chili, Have you pre-ordered your Super Bowl Platter yet?? $50 for an arrangement of meats, cheeses, dips and chips! 617-292-2337
To view additional platters checkout our website: http://www.beeskneessupply.com/content/catering, null, Pre-order your SUPER BOWL GAME DAY PLATTER today! Place your order by calling the store at 617-292-BEES (2337), all orders must be in by 8pm Friday. The Superbowl Platter consists of a variety of meats, cheeses, chips, and dips all for just $50. To view our other specialty platter options checkout our catering section on the Bee's Knees Supply website. http://www.beeskneessupply.com/catering/specialty-catering-platters, We're trying out a delicious new soup this afternoon: Curry, Carrot, & Chicken., Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Short lunch break? Grab a slice of our Meatball or Formaggio Pizza right in our Café., Today's Soups: Vegetable Soup and Two Alarm Chili, Treat yourself on this freezing Friday with a hot out of the oven Meatball Pizza!, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Came and try our breakfast sandwich today. Let us know what you think so we can add it to our new menu coming soon! Farm fresh eggs on english muffin with Maine Family Farms bacon and goat's milk gouda - It's a beautiful day in Fort Point!, Today's Soups: Sweet Potato, Kale & Bacon and Two Alarm Chili, null, Craft beer triple threat, Today's Soups: Sweet Potato, Kale & Bacon and Two Alarm Chili, Start your morning out with a healthy breakfast - try our Revive Juice!, Due to heavy snow and to make sure our staff makes it home safe, Bee's Knees will be closing at 8pm tonight. We are hoping to be able to open at 8am tomorrow. Be safe out there!, Love chocolate? Love beer? We've got just the beer you've been searching for - Thomas Hooker Brewery Chocolate Truffle Stout #craftbeer, Stone Brewing Co. Enjoy By 02.14.14 IPA LIMITED AMOUNT!, Just released TODAY: Spencer Trappist Ale - America's First Trappist Beer 
"These sessionable beers are brewed by the monks for their dinner table and are typically only available at the monastery. Spencer is a full-bodied, golden-hued ale with fruity accents, a dry finish and light hop bitterness. The beer is unfiltered and unpasteurized, preserving live yeast that naturally carbonates the beer in the bottle and keg, and contributes to the beer flavor and aroma." (spencerybrewery.com) 

To discover more about this beer check out the brewery website and come buy your own 4pack here for a special price at $17.99! Limited amount!

http://www.spencerbrewery.com/, Today's Soups: Sausage, Bean & Kale Soup and Two Alarm Chili, Today's Soup: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, HOLIDAY HOURS TODAY: 8AM-6PM, Come taste three beautiful Italian wines with Fred, the most charming man! Wine tasting going on from 4-7 tonight., Bonnievilles cookie demo going on now! These Power Cookies are packed with great taste and also happen to be gluten-free and vegan., Our very own #Cheesemonger Gillian Marino featured in the DigBoston! , Today's Soups: Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, The Gelato Fiasco will be here for a demo 1-4pm today, Today's Soups: Carrot & Ginger (vegetarian) and Two Alarm Chili, Today's Soups: Carrot & Ginger (vegetarian) and Two Alarm Chili, Today's Soups: Creamy Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, Wine tasting from @Cafeeuropallc from 4-7 tonight, We have a very special beer tasting going on today - Tony, one of the managers here at Bee's Knees Supply Co. will be sampling from his family's beer company @Thepennybrew! Come by from 4-7 to try this #craftbeer., Today's Soups: Cream of Potato and Two Alarm Chili 
Kitchen Special: Meatball Pizza, Pick up a pizza on your way home from work! Menu available on our website: http://www.beeskneessupply.com/catering/caf%C3%A9-lunch, Today's Soups: Two Alarm Chili and Cream of Potato, House-made White Chocolate Blueberry Granola Bars, Along with our Two Alarm Chili, we have a new soup today: Sweet Potato, Kale and Bacon Soup. Try it and let us know what you think!, We will be closing at 7:30 tonight! Sorry for any inconvenience., The legend of our Cheesemonger Gillian unfolded... Check out her inspiring blog post that she will now be writing on a weekly basis! #culturemag #cheese #cheesecraft, Cream of Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, New cozy furniture to lounge in while you sip on your espresso, Today's Soups: Two Alarm Chili and Cream of Tomato Basil, Today's Soups: Vegan Black Bean & Tomato and Two Alarm Chili, We are open today! Come warm up with a hot cup of coffee., Due to end of year inventory we will be closed today Wednesday January 1st and tomorrow Thursday January 2nd.  Have a happy New Years and join us for regular hours Friday January 3rd!, Kitchen Special Today: Meatball Pizza!! 

Today's Soups: Broccoli, Ham & Cheddar and Two Alarm Chili, Happy New Year everyone! 

Here are this week hours: 

Monday: 8-9
Tuesday: 8-8
Wednesday: CLOSED

Back To Regular Hours:
Thursday 8-9
Friday: 8-9
Saturday: 10-8
Sunday: 10-6, Today's Soups: Tomato Basil & Two Alarm Chili, FoMu - Alternative Ice Cream & Cafe demo today from 2-5!, Get your last minute stocking-stuffers and holiday gifts here! We are open until 6pm tonight., Happy holidays everyone! Here are our holiday hours: 

Today: 8-9
Tuesday: 8-6
Wednesday: CLOSED
Thursday 10-6
Friday: 8-6
Saturday: 10-8
Sunday: 10-6, Bee's Knees will open at noon today! We apologize for any inconvenience., Happy Friday! Stop by after work, we have a wine tasting going on now from Mucci Imports LLC, Relax on this Friday evening here at Bee's; we have a demo going on from Flowering Rock tea company., We have a new soup for you to try today: Butternut Squash Bisque! And of course, the famous Two Alarm Chili as well., If you haven't already, it's time to whip out those festive ugly sweaters you've stored away in your closet all year. Tonight we will be hosting our first Ugly Sweater Party to benefit the Paraclete Academy. From 6-9 tonight show off your favorite/worst sweater, complementary drinks and appetizers will be provided!, Zoe's Meats will be here for a demo today from 2-5!, Soup bar today: Two Alarm Chili and Split Pea w/ Ham, Hey peanut/almond butter lovers, we have Big Spoon Roasters freshly stocked on our shelves!, This weather calls for a warm cup of soup! Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili at our soup bar today., null, Last batch of #lunch for the year, only available with this Maine Beer + cheese basket. Give a gift they won't forget - limited quantity available, call 617-292-BEES to get yours for $69.99 #craftbeer #cheese #gift, Today's Soups: Two Alarm Chili and Carrot & Ginger, We are very sorry to announce that due to impending winter storm Electra we are postponing this evening's event to benefit the Paraclete Academy. We will hold the event on Thursday December 19th from 6PM - 9PM instead. We appreciate your understanding and hope you remain safe through this inclement weather!, Today's Soups: Creamy Tomato Basil and Two Alarm Chili, TGI...it's only Thursday?! Ease the transition into the weekend with our Grand Wine Tasting, 6-9 PM, $25!, Today's Soups: Split Pea w/ Ham and Two Alarm Chili, High & Mighty Beer tasting going on now!, Only two more days until our first annual Grand Wine Tasting!  Did you grab your tickets yet? 
http://bees-knees-supply-co.ticketleap.com/grand-wine-tasting/, null, null, Get your holiday wreaths here!, Today's Soups: Two Alarm Chili and Cream of Tomato Basil, Don't forget to RSVP to our Grand Wine Tasting event this Thursday!, Today's soups: Cream of Tomato and Two Alarm Chili, Happy Friday! Time to reward yourself and sip on some wine - tasting going on until 7pm., Today's Soups: Carrot & Ginger and Two Alarm Chili, Bee's Knees Gift Boxes are on display in the front of the store. Check out our selection and grab a sign up sheet to order one of these specialty boxes with 11 to choose from!, At our soup bar station today: Cream of Broccoli w/ Potato & Cheese and Two Alarm Chili, null, Hey wine lovers!  Check out our amazing Grand Wine Tasting!  Over 30 wines, only $25.  Perfect chance to sip and shop for you and the winos in your life!, Check out Bee's Knees Supply Co.'s Cheesemonger, Gillian in this month's Culture magazine: the word on cheese. Gillian discusses how she became inspired to start making cheese and her favorite local cheese recipe made here at Bee's Knees!  #cheesemaking #thewoldoncheese, We are open 10am-6pm today, Come in and get what you need to make tomorrow a great Thanksgiving Day. Grocery, house made chocolates, kickass cupcakes, cheese & charcuterie, beer & wine - all here for you under one roof. We have your first hour covered in Farnsworth Garage after 5pm!, Soup station is ready!, Vermont Creamery demo going on now, come try some amazing cheeses!, At our soup bar today: Carrot & Ginger Soup and Two Alarm Chili, We know Thanksgiving isn't exactly the healthiest of holidays, so why not do a pre-Thanksgiving juice cleanse! Get double stamps on your juice card today and tomorrow as well as 10% off the Bee's Knees Juice!, Warm up on this freezing day with our house-made Cream of Broccoli, Potato & Cheddar Soup or our Two Alarm Chili, 'Tis the season for gift giving!  Don't stress out about what to get - one of our holiday gift boxes is sure to be perfect for your loved ones!, floral lab will be here today from 5 - 7pm to take centerpiece pre-orders for Hanukkah {Nov 27th - Dec 5th} and Thanksgiving {Nov 28}. Also, preview the Christmas wreath, potted plants, and sign up for an arrangement class on Dec 7th., Today's Soups: Carrot & Ginger and Two Alarm Chili, Mi Padre Pedro's guacamole demo going on now!, We've got a new deli special for you! Corned Beef Sammy: Thinly sliced corned beef, pickled purple cabbage, baby Swiss and mustard on rye, Today's Soups:
Cream of Tomato & Basil 
Two Alarm Chili, Don't stress about parking when shopping at Bee's Knees!  We got your first hour covered., What's your favorite juice from our Juice Bar?, Today's soups: Two Alarm Chili and Cream of Potato w/ Bacon, FREE 1 hour parking at the Farnsworth garage across from Bee's Knees Supply Co. after 5pm and on weekends for shoppers ($25 purchase minimum), Today is the start of our Cape Cod Fish Share starting at 4pm, Tomorrow is the last day to pre-order your Thanksgiving dinner! Fill out your order form here at Bee's or over the phone at 617-292-BEES, null, Come say hi to folks from Robinson Farm. They are sampling their cheeses from 1pm to 4pm here at Bee's., Cape Cod Fish Share scallop tasting smells and tastes amazing! Come on in to Bee's Knees Supply Co. before 7:30 to sample!, Winebow is here for a tasting 5-7 tonight, Your One Stop Thanksgiving Shopping here at Bee's Knees!, Sign up for the Cape Cod Fish Share here at Bee's tonight from 5-7:30. They will also be sampling out some of their delicious scallops! #FishShare #Fresh #Local, null, Our deli special: Meatball Sub with Housemade Burrata 
Two soup options today: Cream of Broccoli with Cheddar and Two Alarm Chili - Perfect on this chilly day!, Don't forget to place your Thanksgiving order by November 20th! Order forms available here at Bee's to fill out or can be completed over the phone 617-292-BEES, New coffee flavors available in our café from Bongo Java - Apple Crumb Cake and Kaldi's Dog Blueberry Coffee, null, null, null, Deli Special: Meatball Submarine
Soup of the Day: Carrot & Ginger #glutenfree, Sharp Foods demo going on now! Come try tasty granola and granola bars in a variety of flavors., null, Beginning next Monday November 18th from 4-7pm, we will host a #Fishshare from Cape Cod Fish Share. Go to their website to discover more information on how to sign up. #Fresh #Local #Healthy #Sustainable #CapeCod, Today's soups:
Cream of Potato & Bacon
Two Alarm Chili, Today's Deli Special: Meatball Submarine $9, We are excited to team up with Flour Bakery+Cafe for this Thanksgiving holiday and provide you with a complete menu filled with delicious dinner, sides, and dessert options! To select options from Bee's Knees Supply Co. stop by the store and fill out an order form, or view the menu on our website at:, We have a new product line available here from Allgood Provisions. Check out their healthy trail mix options, variety of nuts, and the rest of their organic products filled with antioxidants! #organic #sustainable #nutritious, At our soup station today: Two Alarm Chili and gluten free Carrot & Ginger with Onion soup, null, FREE 1 hour parking at the Farnsworth garage across from Bee's Knees Supply Co. on nights and weekends for shoppers ($25 purchase minimum), Narragansett Creamery demo today from 3-6, Now that your candy cravings have been filled, lets move on to the real meal - Thanksgiving! Check our our Holiday menu, and place your order for birds and booze by Sunday, November 19th. Looking for sides and pies? We are excited to collaborate with Flour Bakery+Cafe at Fort Point to provide you with convenient one-stop Thanksgiving shopping!, Blackbird Pie Company, LLC demo going on here at Bee's Knees Supply Co. until 6pm!, NEW at Bee's Knees! Soup station with choice of two soups: Today's choices are Two Alarm Chili or the Cream of Potato w/ Cheddar & Onion, Our housemade Two Alarm Chili is available at our deli counter today, It officially feels like the holidays now that Shaw Farm's Pumpkin Eggnog is on our shelves, Sprouted Raw Foods their snacks are so yummy you'll forget that their actually healthy! Now available here at Bee's Knees Supply Co., Two Alarm Chili and Carrot & Ginger Soup at our deli counter today!, Be prepared for the next game with our cheese and charcuterie Game Day Platter! You can find all of our specialty catering platters on our website: http://www.beeskneessupply.com/content/catering, Congrats to Loretta Noriega who was the first to guess the correct number of 14 chocolate covered pretzels in the jar!, Can you guess how many chocolate covered pretzels are in the jar? Guess the exact number and win all of them!, Don't miss our event Saturday night!  Beer/wine and snacks provided!  , Have you come in to try Something Natural Sparkling Water yet?, We love #wine delivery day! Come see what's new! Spoiler alert: there's a Chenin Blanc that's not to be missed!, Something Natural Sparkling Water will be having a demo here today from 3-6! Try some of their unique flavors such as Strawberry Peach, Blueberry Lemon, Pink Grapefruit, and Black Cherry., Two-Alarm Chili and Smoked Bacon Chowder - Perfect for this chilly day!, null, When it comes to cheese, we prefer to play the field, but check out our cheese counter to find your Mr./Mrs. Right!, You can't miss our Savannah Bee Company display showcasing lots of new products!, Have you had your wheat grass shot today?, Today's cheese! 20% off with your cheese passport, Soup of the day: Cream of potato bacon & onion, #local meat just delivered from Zoe's Meats, Today's featured cheese!, Say it all with a card. Add box of chocolates, if you are really in trouble., Culture magazine: the word on cheese SPECIAL EDITION just in at our cheese counter!, We have two soup options today! 
Cream of broccoli & onion with cheddar and 
Spicy beef chili, FULL TIME / PART TIME SEASONAL HELP NEEDED! JOB FAIR TONIGHT, 5pm-8pm! (Boston, Fort Point)
#jobs #deli #cafe #kitchen #hiring Bee's Knees Supply Co., Beef chili is the special today!, Holiday hours for today: Closing at 6pm, Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams new fall #icecream flavors! Also in stock: Middle West Whiskey Eggnog, Sweet Potato with Torched Marshmallows, and Cinderella Pumpkin., #Soupoftheday - Cream of broccoli cheddar & onion soup today
#Delispecial - Orzo mac & cheese w/ duck hot dog, Cream of Broccoli Soup, Deli Sandwiches, Pizzas and Calzones.
Come and get your lunch today!, We will not be having a wine tasting tonight, sorry for the inconvenience!, Today's featured cheese! 20% off with your cheese passport, Today's featured cheese!, What a perfect day for a cup of soup! Our soup of the day is cream of potato & bacon., Come by for lunch and try one of our new pizzas like our Brussels & Bacon pizza made with house-made mozzarella, brussel sprouts, bacon, fried duck egg, smoked gouda, garlic & evoo, Today's featured cheese - 20% off with your cheese passport!, Having a hard time focusing at work? We've got just the juice for you: Focus juice made with strawberries, grapefruit, kiwi and agave., Now serving small and large size pizzas for dining in or carry out! Here we have the Chicken Pesto pizza :), OMA cheese is 20% off today with your cheese passport, #Soupoftheday - Cream of broccoli with onion

Sandwich special - Turkey meatloaf with cherry walnut mayo and Gruyere, The best way to get your vitamins!, Have you tried our new juice menu? Don't forget your 10th juice is free!, Come grab these beautiful fall inspired flower arrangements and let them lighten up your home., Red wines to warm you up on this rainy day! Tasting from 4-7pm tonight., It's The Cookie Monstah demo time! Come try ginger molasses, chocolate chunk, and the very famous salted caramel!, null, Its American cheese month! Today's cheese is Harbison from Jasper Hill, get 20% off when you show your cheese passport booklet at the register, Celebrate this beautiful day by drinking some Mayflower Brewing Company beer at our tasting tonight from 5-7!, Have you tried our house-made granola bars yet? If you haven't you're missing out!, Soup of the day: Venison beef chili, We were able to get six bottles of this much-anticipated, highly allocated beer!  Due to limited supply and high demand, we are holding a raffle, the lucky winners of which will get to purchase the Game of Thrones Take the Black Stout.  Stop by and enter the raffle today!
#gameofthrones #taketheblackstout #getit #craftbeer, Chilly Cow Frozen Custard & Ice Cream is BUY ONE GET ONE FREE here at Bee's! 
Bee's Knees Supply Co., Soup of the day: Venison beef chili, What's even better than rewarding yourself with one of our delicious juices? Getting a Bee's Knees rewards card! After 9 juices you get the 10th free!, Soup of the day - Butternut squash stew, not three, but four wines today!  come by and try some great fall sippers!, Tomato Soup is our #Soupoftheday, Big things come in small cans Teeny Tiny Spice Co. of Vermont, Looking for a quick bite to eat? Check out our grab and go section stocked with turkey cheddar wraps, ham and swiss, and chicken salad on wheat, Come try the Bee's Knees Juice! Ingredients include carrots, apples, beets and ginger, Spend your #Wednesday night tasting some great #craftbeer here Bee's Knees Supply Co. from 5-7, Nashoba Brook Bakery demo from 2-5 today because who doesn't like bread?!, Look for this friendly face at the cheese counter, Exciting news! Our new juice menu is up!, Looking into the future at Bee's Knees... Fresh juice making a comeback ! Start date TBA !, Its time to taste some wine! We have 3 white Italian wines selected for today's tasting, we've got a Back Roads Granola demo going on right now that you don't want to miss!, null, #SoupOfTheDay - Smoked Pork Chowder, Can you guess the brand of granola we use in our home made granola bars?? Write your guesses here and you could win a batch of chocolate covered granola bars!, Cambridge Brewing Company is here tonight, come in from 5-7 to taste some great beers!, #SoupOfTheDay - Smoked Pork Chowder
Trust us when we say it is the best soup ever., Can you guess what granola we use in our yogurt parfaits? Guess the brand and WIN our house-made chocolate covered granola bars for you and your friends/ co-workers! 
Post your guesses here!, We've got the solution to fix your case of the Mondays #Bagels #Peachcoffeecake #freshbread #scones all from Nashoba Brook Bakery #yum, null, LogMeIn employees enjoying their free guac dip from Bee's Knees Supply Co. :), Winner of our party-size home made guacamole!, Slovenian and Croatian wine, oh my! Come try familiar grapes from fun new places from 4-7pm!
@arborwayimports, Caprese salad
Higher Ground Farm @schartherfarms #housemade #mozzarella  #grabandgo section at Bee's Knees Supply Co., Jason's Friday the 13th smoothie special: Strawberries, strawberry milk, banana, and chia seeds.  Come grab a free sample while they last!, It's Batch demo time people! Come n' get it while it's cold! :), Thank goodness Batch ice cream will be here for a demo in just a couple hours! Stop by from 3-6 to cool off with some #refreshing and #delicious ice cream, Today's the day! Batch Ice Cream will be in the store from 3-5 rolling out the new flavor - Brown Sugar Bourbon Pecan. Come in, give it a try, let us know what you think!, Cheese pick of the day: Twig Farm's Square cheese, which can be found over by Jillian at the cheese counter! 
Here's a little bit of info about this cheese...
"It is a raw goat milk cheese, aged about 80 days. The texture is semi-soft and the rind is natural and rustic in appearance. The cheese is formed in a tied cloth that makes the cheese have its square shaped. In the middle of the cheese is an indentation from where the knot was tied. Square cheese is made with milk just from Twig Farm goats. Square Cheese won Third Place in the Farmstead Goat Cheese category at the American Cheese Society Competition in 2007." Twigfarm.com, you wanted it, you asked for it, and it's back!  Simonnet Pinot Noir from Southern France!  #classy #pinot #wine, Thank you Yelp Boston for the great review!, Thirsty? Not to worry, Berkshire Brewing Company will be here from 5-7 with some great beers to taste!, We know its hot out there...Come grab a refreshing iced tea on your #lunchbreak along with one of our tasty sandwiches!, Batch ice cream demo tomorrow from 3-6 introducing their new flavor, Brown Sugar Bourbon & Pecan. What's your favorite flavor?
#icecream #freesamples here @ Bee's Knees Supply Co., This may be the largest loaf of bread we've seen! Long Pugliese bread from Nashoba Brook Bakery, New cupcake flavor in from Kickass Cupcakes - Strawberry Lemon Swirl, Soup of the day: Sausage lentil. 
Perfect on this cool weather day!, Start your week off right with a healthy Couscous and Wheatberry salad from our deli counter. Delicious and nutritious! #Mondaymorning #healthkick, Come in and sample some Organic Living Superfoods! They will be here with goodies until 2!, House made #Guacamole! Be the first person to guess the secret ingredient by replying to this post and win a party-size batch of this awesome guac! 
#SecretIngredient #fresh #housemade, Check out our newly extended Fall hours on our website! http://beeskneessupply.com/content/welcome-bees-knees-supply-co, Enticed by these labels? Join us for a wine tasting tonight from 
4-7pm   #winetasting #TGIF, Try a pumpkin latte with one of our Kickass Cupcakes! Here we have the Cinnamon Pumpkin cupcake and Caramel Apple cupcake...which do you prefer?, Can you handle our Superfoods demo this Saturday?? 11am-2pm #canyouhandleit #PlantStrong  Organic Living Superfoods Bee's Knees Supply Co., Pumpkin coffee is now in! We've also got Nashoba Brook Bakery bread for you to nibble on this morning :), Looking for plans tonight? Come to Tavern In The Square in Brighton for the John Connolly for Mayor Event!

Details:
Wednesday, September 04, 2013
07:30 PM - 09:00 PM
WHERE:
Tavern In The Square
161 Brighton Avenue
Allston MA 02134, Our soup of the day: Beef barley soup with bacon, New treats from Nashoba Bakery 
Come and get 'em!, Yummy peach coffee cake from Nashoba Brook Bakery :), In honor of #WorldWaterWeek we're having Native Waters in for a demo today from 2-5pm, Need any last minute supplies for Labor Day? We are open today, Bee's Knees will be closing early Saturday, closed all day Sunday and reopening Monday from 9-4. Normal hours resume Tuesday. Happy Labor Day everyone!, Not your run of the mill reds for our wine tasting tonight. 
Stop in from 5-7pm, we will be tasting reds from Sicily, Greece, and Austria, Don't forget to pick up an at home beer making kit for #LaborDay weekend!, We've got every kind of Bonnievilles Power Cookie you could want!, Pick up some #local #organic produce here at
Bee's Knees Supply Co., Ready for Fall? We sure are. Tonight's beer tasting consists of three different pumpkin beers, Our café board outside Bee's Knees Supply Co. says it all:, The new Batch ice cream flavor is in! Brown Sugar Bourbon Pecan, New seasonal items in from Blackberry Farm. The Pumpkin & Pear Butter is a must try!, Our cheese counter has some great selections, Latte art by one of our fabulous baristas!, Neighbors and guests of Bee's: Would you prefer your coffee with the milk and sugar prepared by us? Or do like the option of a coffee bar and being able to add it in yourself? Please respond here, your opinion is very important to us! :), Batch ice cream's new flavor released tomorrow! We will be the first to get this new flavor and the only scoop shop that sells it... Any guesses to what it might be??, Cafe special today: Green tea grapefruit juice - yes it's a very interesting but tasty combo!, Native Waters demo tomorrow from 4-7pm here @ Bee's Knees Supply Co. #localwater, Don't forget to sign up for Enterprise Farm Fall CSA starting September 1st! #local #produce #healthy, Happy Friday! Come in tonight from 4-7 for a Ruby Wines Importadora tasting, Hmm which beers will be chosen for the IPA Cheddar & Beyond event this Saturday..., Give yourself an energy boost this afternoon with these healthy snacks! Banana Rama smoothie, fresh fruit, and Q's Nuts, NEW Cafe Lunch Menu hours: We are now serving lunch in the cafe from 10am-3pm Monday-Friday, News from the beer room: All domestic macrobrewery 6 packs are now $6!, #Organic #Fresh #Local, Today is our Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams demo!! Come to Bee's Knees Supply Co. from 2-5 for some delicious ice cream, Blue Hills Brewery beer tasting tonight from 5-7 here at Bee's Knees Supply Co., We're serving up scoops of Batch ice cream on this hot #summer day!, Exciting news: Yesterday's Kickass Cupcakes are only $1 in our café!, Beautiful flowers here at Bee's Knees Supply Co. from floral lab, Breakfast served 'til 3 means plenty of time to come get your custom breakfast sandwich!, Our IPA Cheddar and Beyond event is next Saturday August 24th! Email Bee's Knees Supply at reservations@beeskneessupply.com with your phone number to reserve your spot, and make sure you check out last Saturdays "Pairing Cheese & Rose" event photos posted below, Here are some photos from last weeks "Pairing Cheese & Rose" event, They're back! French macarons available in orange, pomegranate, or vanilla!, null, Stop by our cafe this morning for a Banana Rama smoothie and a muffin :), We now sell Culture magazine: the word on cheese - grab one at our cheese counter!, Bantam Cider coming over from Cambridge MA for a tasting from 5-7pm, stop by!, Amanda's really excited to serve you a Kick⭐ss Cupcake! Come visit us for lunch, and don't forget dessert!, Back Roads Granola free samples out this morning #granola #healthy #vegan #organic, Checkout these huge Heirloom tomatoes from Jansal Valley Farm, Our smoked salmon plate comes with bagel chips, cream cheese, and pickled onions, Time for your mid-morning latte!, You know you want one..., Don't worry about rushing out of bed. We are now serving breakfast on Saturdays until 3pm!
Today we are also featuring a Lunch special - Macadamia Chicken Salad Sandwich! 
(we use macadamia nut butter instead of mayo), We've selected the wines for our rosé & cheese salon tomorrow!  All that's left is to reveal them to you!  To find out what rosés we're eager to share, email reservations@beeskneessupply.com to snag your spot! $35/person, Macaroon class, Just in - Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project and Yeastie Boys Collab "Our Turn Your Turn" with fresh NZ hops and Linden Flowers, We've got lunch for you: Our Chicken Salad Sandwich is a must try with organic chicken, macadamia nut butter, macerated cherries, golden raisins, on country white bread, Looking for a healthy afternoon snack? Here are two great picks: Our Greenie smoothie and our Banana Rama smoothie :), This crappy weather calls for some great comfort food like our ham & cheese calzone, Mayflower Brewing Company beer tasting tonight from 5-7pm, New products in from Organic Living Superfoods
 #organic #raw #healthy, You won't find these just anywhere - Caramelized Bacon Toffee Nut cookies from  Cookie Monstah, Lovely pink Phalaenopsis Orchid double spikes from floral lab, Rushing to work this morning? We've got breakfast on the go for you!, Serving up polka-dot lattes!, For those of you that are gluten free we've got you in mind - we now carry gluten free baked goods from Something Sweet Without Wheat, #WineTasting tonight from Classic Wines 5-7pm. 

Our wine selections include:
Domaine de la petite cassagne rose
Stickleback (Australian white)
Ume blanc plum wine, Pick up a sweet treat after work: $2 Kickass Cupcakes special tonight here at Bee's!, We'll be tasting beers for #IPAday starting at 4pm today, come enjoy this amazing day with fresh #CraftBeer #FortPoint, Congratulations to the winners of Boston Magazine #BestofBoston 2013 Restaurants & Food!, Check out our first salon event! $35 for four cheeses and their perfect rosé pairings!  Some seats still available; email reservations@beeskneessupply.com to reserve your spot now!, CONGRATULATIONS to Beth Lizardo who won our private wine and cheese tasting!! And thank you to everyone else who voted for us as your favorite cheese shop! The results will be posted August 5th, Beer tasting tonight 5-7pm Cambridge Brewing Company Breckenridge Brewery of Colorado and Brasserie Dupont, New products in from Sidehill Farm Yogurt - a variety of yogurts and new packaging of their chocolate milk!, Beautiful Dutch flowers from floral lab, Freshen up your morning with our house made fruit salad.
#healthy #fruit #breakfast, You know you want one... Cinnamon Swirl, Maple Frosted, and Chocolate Dipped Heklas from Lamarca & Sons Bakery Products, null, null, null, Our new Stonewall Kitchen display - Filled with lots of goodies including hand soaps, lotions, dish soaps, soy candles and more!, Dark and milk #chocolate Oreo's from PURE chocolate, Quincy, Massachusetts now at Bee's with bees on them!, Beer tasting tonight with selections from Berkshire Brewing Company including: Coffeehouse Porter, Pilsner, and the Lost Sailor. Stop in from 5-7 tonight!, Just 2 more days to vote for us as your favorite cheese shop! Stop by the store to vote and your name will be entered in a raffle for a private wine and cheese tasting! Or vote online at: http://boston.cityvoter.com/bee-s-knees-supply-company/biz/660490, Check out the outstanding remarks on this 2009 Dominus Napa Valley Bordeaux Blend now at Bee's: http://www.klwines.com/detail.asp?sku=1094792, The Porky Fig #sandwich is back in!, Trying to decide what to get for lunch today? We've got your perfect fix: The Bee's Knees Burger with house made potato salad on the side., Our phones are temporarily down, please contact us through Facebook or twitter in the meantime!, Beautiful flowers freshly delivered from floral lab, Only four more days to vote for Bee's Knees Supply Co as your favorite cheese shop! Vote by clicking on this link: http://boston.cityvoter.com/bee-s-knees-supply-company/biz/660490, Three lunch platters to checkout here at Bee's: 
Lardo Platter - Warm toast points topped with Lardo (cured pork fat back) served with refreshing grapefruit, fennel, and arugula salad. 
Charcuterie Platter: Cured meat or pate of the day, assorted pickles, and grain mustard. 
Cheese Platter: One, two, or three cheeses garnished with nuts, dried fruit, and honey., Thank you for being patient with us while our phones are down. We apologize for any inconvenience., #Wine tasting tonight from 4-7pm with a selection from Masciarelli Wine Company, Grab a Pink Lemonade Cupcake as a perfect sweet on this hot summer day., Our milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard..., Cool off on this hot Wednesday night with a resfreshing #beer #tasting from Brooklyn Brewery here at Bee's Knees from 5-7pm, We now carry two new flavors: Wild Blueberry and Chaga Mint #Kombucha  #glutenfree #refreshing #drink, Tomorrow night come on in from 5-7 for a beer tasting from Brooklyn Brewery  #craftbeer, We have beautiful flowers from floral lab that are 50% off!, Come choose from our great selection of Kickass Cupcakes! Some of our favorites include Cookie Dough, Funfetti, and Super Chocolate :), We now use all natural Teddie Peanut Butter for our PB+J sandwiches @teddiepeanut #sogood, Gneiss Spice is here! Organic, magnetic and fun little space savers. Perfect for all your cooking or housewarming gift needs., Newburyport Brewing Co. Beer tasting tonight from 5-7 #ComeAndGetIt, Our homemade hummus and bagel chips from our new Cafe Menu are a perfect afternoon snack., One of our new lunch favorites: The Pressed Duck Club, Beer tasting tonight from 4-7 featuring @WfldRvrBrewing come check it out! #seaport #craftbeer, What better way to celebrate the #4thofjuly than with a 4 pack of burger patties that are under $10! We've got plenty of other goodies as well for your #cookouts this weekend. We are open till 9pm tonight, closed for the 4th, and then reopened Friday., Celebrate #July4th with some awesome American Artisanal cheeses and don't forget to vote for Bee's Knees Supply as your favorite cheese shop! 
http://boston.cityvoter.com/bee-s-knees-supply-company/biz/660490, Celebrate #July4th with some awesome American Artisanal cheeses and don't forget to vote for Bee's Knees Supply as your favorite cheese shop! 
http://boston.cityvoter.com/bee-s-knees-supply-company/biz/660490, Come pick up a freshly prepared salad or sandwich from our fully stocked to-go fridge, Treat yourself on this Monday afternoon with one of our freshly delivered Kickass Cupcakes, Thanks to Caught in Southie for posting about our new menu - come in for some delicious new lunch and dinner treats today!
http://www.caughtinsouthie.com/tips/top-5-84, Woohoo beef jerky is finally here! The fine folks of @slantshackjerky from northern VT make an awesome line of 100% grass fed beef jerky., Are you a fan of Back Roads Granola ?  Most people who buy it here can't get enough!  Come meet the maker, Virginia this saturday from 10am-12pm. She'll be sampling a few of her new products., Start you morning off with one of our new tasty #breakfast sandwiches on a bagel or croissant!, Tonight from 5-7 pm we are having a #beertasting with a great selection from Merchant du Vin - Specialty Beer Importers Since 1978, Come check out our selection of #fresh #local #produce. How good do these #strawberry's look!?, I don't know about you but rainy days are great for good bottles of wine and cheese... we got you., Our phones are temporarily down, please contact us through Facebook or twitter for the time being., Café Europa free wine tasting tonight from 4-7 pm here at Bee's Knees Supply Co. Of course there will be cheese samples out as well!, CSA pickup is today….while you are picking up your local farm fresh veggies check out our selection of high quality beef, poultry & pork. We proudly carry American Organic 100% grass fed Beef from Oregon, Eberly Farms Chicken & turkey which is family owned, free range, and fed a 100% vegetarian diet, and fantastic local prime cuts & chops from Vermont Farmers., Our phones are officially back up and running!, Our Chicken Vegetable Orzo soup goes great with one of our freshly prepared salads!, Our phones are down in the entire building so if you are trying to get in touch with us Facebook us! Sorry for the inconvenience!, Lots of good food news for our beloved neighborhood.Thanks to Kara Baskin for including us in this great story!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/06/18/new-wave-restaurants-brings-change-fort-point-seaport-and-southie/9UfXp8yW0tx9aUBGtefSjN/story.html, null, The Boston Herald nominated us as The Best Cheese Shop, Don't forget to vote for us!! http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/cheese-shop/food/boston, Enjoy this sunny, warm weather with a Banana-Rama #Smoothie!, Mackenzie-Childs now in our front display! @CourtlyCheck, We have a wonderful hearty chili made with organic beef for lunch today!, It's a beautiful day out today. It's perfect weather for a scoop of our batch ice cream :), null, The perfect day for a warm cup of our sausage and kale soup,  come on in for lunch!, Come checkout our CSA with Enterprise Farm and sign up today!, Looking for something yummy but also trying to be healthy? Come try these two new products we have here at Bee's Knees Supply! I Heart Keenwah "Ginger Peanut Quinoa Clusters" goes great with Shaw Farm's "Lighten up! Chocolate Milk!", We've got a Gumbo-ish soup for lunch today...Intrigued? Come try it out!, Come in tonight from 5-7 for Pretty Things beer tasting!, New to Bee's Knees! Brad's Raw 4 Paws dog treats!, New to Bee's Knees! Brad's Raw 4 Paws dog treats!, We are happy to have Level Up back up and running here at Bee's!, Ruby Wine Tasting tonight from 4-6pm here at Bee's Knees!, Don't forget to vote for Bee's Knees Supply for the Best Cheese Shop! Nominated by the Boston Herald! Vote for us at http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/cheese-shop/food/boston, Soup of the day: Cream of Broccoli
Sandwich special: Pastrami on Rye with Pickles, Swiss and Mustard, served hot, Nothing says "I love you" like bacon! Don't forget to pick up a Father's Day basket before next Sunday!, Come by tonight for an Adonna Imports wine tasting from 5-7pm!, We have a delicious cafe special today: "London Fog" - an Earl Gray late with vanilla bean syrup. Perfect on this rainy day!, Featuring our Caprese and Coppa sandwiches with our house-made mozzarella and Burrata cheese! Try one with our house-made Hop pickles, Bread and Butter Jalapeno's and pickled Brussles!, Dan from Blue Hills Brewery is ready for you!!! Come on in and taste with us. 4pm-6pm, Our summer CSA from Enterprise farm has arrived! Come pick up your order or signup today! http://enterprisefarmcsa.com/csa/general-information, Don't forget to come in for a Blue Hills beer tasting tonight  from 4-6pm! We've got 3 summer selections: Watermelon, Blueberry, Pomegranate as well as their double IPA! House made cheese's to nibble on while you sample!, Just in - a 60lbs block of Montgomery's Cheddar Cheese!, null, Fresh Strawberry filled Red Velvet Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting!, Thanks to the Boston Herald's Kerry Byrne for this great piece on Bee's Knees. We'd love to hear if Whitey wants us to deliver lunch to the courthouse!

http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/2013/06/fast_food, null, In addition to our deli sandwiches and fresh salads we have a new addition: Caprese Panini with our house made Mozzarella!!, Were you looking for these???All natural maraschino cherries! Perfect for those cocktails on a hot summer night :), Who watched The Kardashians last night!!?? "Mackenzie Child" kitchenware was all over Kris Kardashian's house, which we sell here at Bee's Knees!!, Hands down the best cookies you will ever have., Brighten up your Monday afternoon with a sweet treat! We suggest our chocolate covered Oreos :), Its lunchtime! We've got our specialty Peanut Hummus and bagel chips in our prepared salad and sandwich case :), We have been nominated as the Best Cheese Shop on the A List! Help us get 1st place by voting for Bee's Knees Supply at: http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/cheese-shop/food/boston, null, null, Oh yes we did: Chocolate covered bacon, We've got free samples to try while you browse!, We've got lots of fresh produce to stock up on!, It's hot, very hot outside. What will make it better? A scoop of our batch ice cream, with fresh whipped cream, Lets Go bruins! Enjoy the game while snacking on a chocolate hockey stick! @bostonbruins, Our in-house chocolatier Jen Turner is pretty amazing! "Lady Luck" infused with cassis, raspberry, and a kiss of champagne, enrobed in dark chocolate. "Chocolate Mouse" milk butter ganache inside milk chocolate, We've got some awesome choices for grilling, all fresh and can be found in our butcher section!, Heading to the beach this weekend? Don't forget to come pick up some summer beers first - just in! We've got some great choices: Harpoon Summer, UFO Belgium White, Schöfferhofer Hefeweizen-Mix Grapefruit beer and more!, We're whipping up some fresh Mozzarella and Borrata cheese today that you've got to try!, How good does this fresh-fruit salad look?! A perfect addition to any of our sandwiches, salads, or the soup of the day: Chicken vegetable orzo, Thank you Improper Bostonian for featuring Bee's Knees products in this months issue!, Got a graduation party coming up? Wedding? Or maybe just a special occasion? Place a specialty order with our chocolatier here at Bees Knees! Here's a cool example of a specialty order from Babson College:, Decadent chocolates you've got to try here at Bees Knees!, Soup of the day: Chicken vegetable orzo. Grab one of our prepared salads to go with it!, Summer and Fall CSA at Enterprise Farm! 
Thursdays from 3-7
FRESH. LOCAL. ORGANIC., Check out our new and very unique gift-cards!, null, We are open today until 4pm today. Come by for last minute grocery items, or a flavored iced coffee!, We are open until 7 tonight! Come stock up for all your Memorial Day weekend party needs. Beer/wine/cheese/meat/chocolates and other specialty items!, Going on RIGHT now! Where are you?, Going out of town this weekend?!? Make sure you stop by the Bee's Knees for fresh meat, cheeses, and all your other snacking needs! The liquor stores are closed on Monday so stock up now!, Taste some store favorites tonight 4-7, Have you tried these yet?!? If bot, you're missing out! Cookie Monstah cookies are made fresh by the local food truck.  We have a wide variety of flavors every day!, Don't forget our big sale tomorrow!!! 15% off ALL MacKenzie-Childs home wares PLUS chocolate and wine tastings all day! Great way to spend a rainy Saturday!, While the weather isn't screaming beach weather, our grills will still be happily celebrating a long weekend (we are open regular hours Saturday and Sunday, but closed on Monday!) with some tasty eats... even if it means grilling with an umbrella over head. 

How are you celebrating the 3 day weekend? Share with us your favorite ways to spend Memorial Day Weekend!, Summer is coming! Try one of our fresh made salads or THIS house made burrata caprese, for a lighter lunch option tomorrow., Want to have the coolest cookout this memorial Day weekend?Then you'll need these! Our  House made bacon and beer sausage! Get em while they last!, With weather like this, our Chicken Noodle Soup is a great way to battle the grey skies. Come in today and grab a bit of today's housemade soup and one of our great sandwich wraps! Don't forget to grab a chocolate on your way back to the office!, Lunch specials today:
Pulled BBQ Chicken Sandwich, Pressed Chicken Parm and Chicken Noodle Soup., Did you know we have our own single origin coffees, all fair trade & organic! Brewing the Bee's Knees blend, and Tanzanian Peaberry. Stop in for a cup this morning :), Enjoy one of our new lunch boxes, available in our store all day! Comes with a sandwich, North Fork potato chops, an apple, and fresh baked cookie!, Thanks for the kind words, Boston.com: http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2013/05/21/bee-knees-opens-fort-point-with-charcuterie-cheeses-galore/NAPm5SIlmmqqSBa4V0PtzM/story.html?event=event12, Soup is Yukon gold & sweet potato with bacon. Specials today are beef meatballs, brussel sprouts, duck drummies, spiced okra, collard greens with bacon and asparagus with cream. Roasted Whole or Half Chickens are ready to grab in the kitchen. Come in hungry!, Candy bar testing! This is a clear winner :), Soup today is cream of chicken with mushrooms., What a beautiful day to enjoy our fresh grapefruit/ Yerba mate blend on ice!, Can you resist the Bowtie can? We couldn't., Just a few of our new brews..., Captain America is here right now! Chris Evans in the flesh!, Soup of the day is tomato with chicken. Specials are Caponata salad, Rice pilaf, Braised collard greens, Chicken and broccoli enchiladas, Duck drummies and Turkey meatballs. Roasted chickens available to grab after 2pm., null, Our specials today are Jamaican Meat Pies, Baked Mac & Cheese, Braised Collard Greens, Baked Potatoes, Hot Wings, Roasted Asparagus & Spiced Almonds. Soup of the day is Ham & Lentil., Fresh cracked Parmigiana Reggiano! 
Come see us:), Pretzel necklaces at our beer tasting. This is really happening! Come on down and try some delicious craft beers., Are you craving something different for lunch? Our specials today are Jamaican Meat Pies, Steamers, Stewed Okra, Baked Potatoes, Hog Wings, Duck Drums and roasted chickens available whole or cut in half. 3 Bean Chili is our soup of the day., We have scallop bisque to warm you up today!, We are open until 9pm tonight for all your last minute dinner needs, beer and wine, and sweets! We'll see you soon :), Come try our cheese made in house!, White Bean & Sausage is the perfect soup for a chilly day., null, Looking for a last minute mother's day gift? We've got wonderful boxes chocolates, succulents, cheese boards and many other ideas, come see us!, What a beautiful day to try one of our black/blue iced tea and lemonades!, Come and get one while they last! Mothers Day Gift Boxes, $75 & $150
Chocolate, wine, flowers = one happy momma!!, Mackenzie Childs cookbook holder... Just one of the many fabulous Mother's Day gift ideas we have for you!, Soup of the day is chicken & vegetables! Perfect for a rainy day., Don't forget about tonight's Sip & Shop!  Please join us for a night of wine, chocolate, cheese, flowers and gifts. The soiree begins at 7pm., Flowers, succulents, plants, orchids, cards, and much more available starting tomorrow for the special mother(s) in your life. Come see us, we'll help you pick out the perfect gift., More Mother's Day wine ideas:
2012 Sileni Sauvignon Blanc, Marlborough, NZ
Juvé y Camps Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Cava, Penedes, Spain
2010 Bucci "Pongelli," Rosso Piceno, Marche, Italy, Come check out some new hot additions in our kitchen! Soup of the day is Potato Leek Onion., Don't forget! Our Spring Fling Sip & Shop is Tomorrow (thurs)  Come browse our excellent collection of gifts, florals, and chocolates for Mother's Day or the bride to be!, Tasting at 5:00 today: James Cahill, winemaker at www.SoterVineyards.com, Today's hot meal selection:
HOG WINGS / DUCK DRUMSTICKS / BASIL SPINACH / POTATO SALAD / STUFFED MUSHROOMS / BEER MEAT BALLS / APPLE JICAMA SLAW 
And of course sandwiches, salads and soup of the day - white bean minestrone!, After hours Sip & Shop this Thursday from 7-8:30pm!  Looking for a special gift for Mother's day or a bride to be?  Come peruse our wonderful collection of MacKenzie-Childs home wares, florals by Foret Design, handmade chocolates, & expertly selected wines.  Wine tasting and nibbles will be available. See you then!, Happy Cinco de Mayo! Come taste an array of salsas along with Sol Mexican pilsner in our beer & wine department. We'll be here until 4 pm today., Toasted Coconut Lemon Dream Cake available at our café! Want chocolate instead? Try Chocolate Cream Cheese Brownie Cake! Hurry up, they won't  last long :), Come visit us today! Ask for Flavored Iced Coffee, Smoothie or Frappe at our Chocolate Café. Grab a sandwich, salad or soup of the day - Fish Chowder. Prepared foods are ready for you to grab in our kitchen., Smoked cheese Juicy Lucy's. Fire up your grill!, Hot meal selection is ready for you at Bee's Knees!!!
BRUSSEL SPROUTS / COLLARD GREENS / DUCK DRUMSTICKS / EGGPLANT & TOMATO GRATIN / HOG WINGS / POTATO SALAD / SAUTEED PEPPERS & ONIONS / SHRIMP W/MANGO SALSA / SOY GLAZED CHICKEN WINGS
Soup of the day is broccoli & cheese. Sandwiches and salads made to order. Come grab your lunch!, Rosé weather is finally here!, Deliciousness from the kitchen at Bee's Knees!

On the Meals to Go Menu Today:

Pulled Chicken with Agave Jalapeno Sauce
Smoked Duck Drumsticks with Cherry BBQ Sauce
"Hogwings" with Carolina Barbecue Sauce

Potato Salad
Butter-Roasted Potatoes, 70 and sunny in Fort Point today. Perfect day to fire up the grill. Stop by our butcher shop for sausages made in house and a selection of meats that ranges from New York rabbit, to New England raised beef and pork. Feed your carnivorous cravings, and get all the supplies at Bee's Knees., Soup of the day is a delicious  Moroccan Stew with lamb and pork. Give it a try when you come in for lunch today. Also, isn't it time for a mid week pick-me-up? Our cafe serves coffee and espresso beverages all day. Stop by Bees Knees for whatever you please, and feel free to enjoy your lunch on our sunny patio!, Make Tuesday a special day! Come have a chocolate heart pop, made by Jen, our master chocolatier., Serving fresh tomato soup today! (vegan, vegetarian)
Sandwiches, Salads, and a few grab and go additions if you're in a hurry! Come see us, it's a beautiful day to sit on our patio!, Come try our new juice: Citrus Sunshine! Perfect for such a nice day :), Another beautiful day in the neighborhood! Try our vegan friendly tomato soup today. It will go great alongside a grilled cheese from our Fromagerie. See you soon!, Our deli serves 9 different sandwiches for 9 dollars each. Which one is your favorite? Have a cup of bacon & potato soup alongside your sandwich today!, Bee's Knees Supply Co., Flipping through Food&Wine mag (April issue) to find on the 'trend spotting' pages a handful of products and brands we carry! From cured meats to fresh batch pasta sauces.  If you haven't yet, come see us!, It's a beautiful Sunday morning in Fort Point. Stop by Bee's Knees for our signature juice. It's made with carrots, apples, beets, cucumber, and ginger and is the perfect way to detox from the weekend. Ask for a Bee's Knees juice at our cafe today!, Sour? Wild? Belgian? You asked for it, we got it!, Fans of the Pressed Duck Club, look for sandwich #9 in the Deli when you stop by for lunch. Asiago Mac n' Cheese will be served at our soup counter this afternoon. And a sunny day like today calls for some Batch Ice Cream. Come on in for a scoop (or three!), Free wine tasting until 4- 7pm, every Friday! Come see us, Beautiful day for lunch on our patio! Sandwiches, salads, soups and more, come splurge it's Friday!, Perfect late afternoon snack: Westmalle Tripel and Beemster. Ultimate beer and cheese pairing., Come grab lunch and enjoy it on our patio!, Come grab a sandwich from our deli or visit our cheese and fish department and try their lunch specials! Feeling like having a salad or soup instead? We have it all! Soup today is sausage & white bean!
See you soon., Did you know that we are going to a host site for Enterprise Farm 's CSA program? If you're interested in a Vegetable CSA  come see us and we'll give you more information!, It's a rainy day in the neighborhood, so come grab a grilled cheese from our cheese counter or a cup of our fresh made, maine shrimp and scallop chowder to warm you up!, Best beer infographic ever..., A BIG thank you to ALL law enforcement for keeping us safe, we are grateful and proud of you.  Happy to be setting up shop today, open until 6pm and from 9-4 tmr (sun). Come see us!, We are open for a brief time and with very limited staff, come see us but bare with us as we serve you. Stay safe Boston, #bostonstrong, We will keep you posted on store hours today! Stay safe!, Come see us today, Vermont Pickle in the house!, Join us tomorrow for a tasting and demo with Michelle from Vermont Pickle from 11am-1pm. She'll be sampling and talking about her pickles.  We <3 small local businesses! Come try em', Join us for lunch and choose from custom made sandwiches, salads or try our new focaccia flatbreads:
#1 Wild Boar, Ricotta, Asiago, Basil, Roasted Garlic Butter, Extra Virgin Olive Oil ($12)
#2 Caramelized Onion, Semi Dry Tomato, Asiago, Mozzarella Curd, Fresh Arugula, Extra Virgin Olive Oil ($10)
Our soup today is spring duck & vegetable soup!
See you soon!, Good morning Boston, we are open today and happy to serve you. Food soothes the soul, come see us., In reaction to today's extremely sad events we are closing for the day at 5pm.  Please stay safe.  Thank you, Have you tried one of our delicious deli sandwiches yet? If not, come try one today and get a fresh baked chocolate cookie with your sandwich! #sundayfunday, On Sunday 4/14th we are open from 9 am to 6 pm., Tuna Crudo with Scotch Bonnet-pickled purple top turnip slaw, cucumber, sesame and pickled pearl onions., null, Fresh Greens came in today and are being transformed into beautiful & delicious salads, made to order daily! We also offer daily soup and flatbreads...yum!

Coppa Flatbread: 
Roasted Garlic Butter, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Mozzarella Curd, La Quercia Coppa Americana, Fresh Arugula

3 Cheese Focaccia Flatbread: Roasted Garlic Butter, Caramelized Onion, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Mozzarella Curd, Pecorino Toscano Fresco, Fresh Arugula, Fresh Salads and Focaccia Flatbreads made to order Daily in our Kitchen!
Coppa Flatbread:                                                                
Roasted Garlic Butter, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Mozzarella Curd, La Quercia Coppa Americana, Fresh Arugula ($12)
3 Cheese Focaccia Flatbread:                                             Roasted Garlic Butter, Caramelized Onion, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Mozzarella Curd, Pecorino Toscano Fresco, Fresh Arugula ($10), New brews for your enjoyment!, Looking for a light snack?  Cheesemongers choice of artisan cheese and house-made crackers, If you aren't already hungry for lunch....you will be now!, Check out Bee's Knees Deli menu!, Forecast predicts near 70 in the city tomorrow, perfect day to take a stroll over & check us out if you haven't already! Cafe opens at 7am., Open today from 12-6.... Come see us!, Our Deli is open for lunch people, come see us!..  grilled cheeses prepared my our cheesemongers too., Mackenzie Childs is finally here!! Come get your patio entertaining needs, wedding gifts, or elegant kitchen decor. Cheese knives, cake stand &, tea pots galore!, Good Morning!  Join us today and every day for lunch at our delicatessen for fresh sandwiches made with the finest meats and cheeses from around the globe! Our cheese department will be offering grilled cheese sandwiches, and our kitchen will be serving Broccoli Cheddar Soup and salad. Deli counters open daily at 11am and our cafe opens daily at 7am! Lobster Rolls coming soon from our seafood department!, http://www.caughtinsouthie.com/restaurants-bar/bees-knees, Check out the write up in Bostinno!!
http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2013/04/03/bees-knees-grocery-store-in-fort-point/#ss__316700_1_7__ss, Good Morning!  Bee's Knees is open at 7am Monday thru Friday....for all you early birds, stop in and get a perfect latte to jump start your morning!, Who wouldn't want a to treat themselves to a cheese & charcuterie plate at lunchtime?  Soon we will offer the perfect sized platter for your guilty pleasure needs.  Hand picked by our cheesemonger it is promised to please!, Happy Easter! Bee's Knees is closed today for the holiday, we will be open Monday April 1st at 8am!   See you then!, Bee's Knees is looking to add to our team! http://mnstr.bz/175oGL4, Good morning! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood once again!
Bee's Knees will be open at 8am! 
We will also be excepting applications all day for anyone who wants to join our team!, Hurry in soon! Since we are still in soft opening mode we'll be closing at 8pm tonight. Our regular hours starting next week will be 7am-11pm.
Thanks!, Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood!  Bee's Knees is OPEN!  We cant wait to meet you, come on in!!!, Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood!  Bee's Knees is OPEN!  We cant wait to meet you, come on in!, http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2013/03/27/you-fort-point-these-days-bring-your-appetite/VyHXp2DSdpwQvhi3cerLxH/story.html, @beeskneessupply twitter!, null, http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/fort-point-channel/bees-knees-supply-company, check out our groovy bus!, we will come to you!, We're currently looking to add to the Bee's Knees crew! If you have a passion for specialty food & excellent customer service, you may be a perfect addition to our team! 

Please email us your resume at jobs@beeskneessupply.com, null, null, Our Barista is going to make your morning!  Everyday!, Charcuterie counter, Our deli is getting ready with some fresh baked bread!, Say Cheese!  Our fabulous cheese selection!, Hey UrbanDaddy   Thank you for all the love!
To clarify are doors are not open just yet….BUT we will be very soon!!
Although we agree they are a fabulous market, we do not source our meats from Savenor's.  We take so much pride in hand selecting every one of our products from charcuterie to farm fresh produce from the very best regions locally and around the globe.  We can't wait to open our doors and invite you in!  We will keep you posted through Twitter and Facebook!  Stay tuned….., We want to thank Joanne and her fabulous staff next door at  Flour Bakery & Cafe for keeping our hard working staff going with a tasty lunch.  We couldn't ask for a better neighbor! <3, null, Thanks to @KO Catering & Pies for the delicious lunch the other day!!! My fav? Def the lamb! What a nice warm welcome into the neighborhood. Cheers Sam!, Just a little wine teaser., Now that's one good lookin créma! Barista Jonathan showing off his skillz and getting our espresso machines broken in!, Thanks for the write-up DailyCandy! Unfortunately, we won't be opening tomorrow but it will be any day now. Stay tuned!, The Bee's Knees Team ready to walk in the St. Patrick's day parade, come cheer us on!, Come see us in the St Patrick's Day Parade in South Boston tmr! We're unveiling our latest addition to the Bee's Knees Team!, Former Anthropologie creative designers, Erin and Rose now of Forêt Design layin down our dept banner art work., Berkel-icious. Getting ready to slice up some tasty charcuterie., null, We are getting closer to opening so that means we need to hire our remaining staff! Are you burnt out from your restaurant job? Are you looking for additional shifts? Or have you always wanted to work with good food and good people? Then stop by Bees Knees OR send us your resume to jobs@beeskneessupply.com Thanks!, Signs are up! Looking good!, Accepting applications for all positions.. drop by the store front to fill out any application Monday-Saturday 10am-5pm

Thanks!, Meat Department in the making! Hanging of the bull., Assistant Manager, Gretchen taking one of our vintage bikes out for a spin!, null, Furniture is arriving today!, Job Seekers! We are still looking for the last few people to join our team, we need Kitchen prep cooks, Baristas, one more beer + wine associate and cheese aficionados to work the counter! Please email Jobs@beeskneessupply.com

Thank you!, Our very own! Chocolatier; Jen Turner!! Exhale Lifestyle » Blog Archive » Sweeter Than Honey – Chocolatier Jen Turner takes her sweet stuff to Fort Point http://exhalelifestyle.com/main/index.php/sweeter-than-honey-chocolatier-jen-turner-takes-her-sweet-stuff-to-fort-point/, Our reclaimed cotton factory warehouse floor is finished! Sanded and polished and ready for furniture.., null, null, We're selling our products at the Boston Wine Expo today! If you're here stop by to see us! #popupshop, Amazing day at the Boston Wine Expo! Slicing prociutto and sopressata to order on the Berkels. Back at it again tomorrow, come by!, We're getting closer to opening! BUT still looking for a few good men and women to join out crew!
Calling all BARISTAS,  TRAINED FISHMONGERS, DELI COUNTER Assoc., CHEESE COUNTER assoc., SANDWICH MAKERS & DISHWASHERS. Please send us your cover letter and resume to jobs@beeskneessupply.com, We shared some cheese, duck pâté and fresh made macarons with everybody who came to first annual "I <3 Fort Point" last night!, Have you followed us on twitter yet?? Well you should! @BeesKneesSupply, We are currently seeking Experienced Fishmongers, Trained Baristas, and a sandwich maker. Please send a cover letter and resume to Jobs@BeesKneesSupply.com if interested!, Tile wall (for behind the counters) are up!, Our shiny, new, beer & wine walk in door!! Sexy., Great chat with the Phoenix! Thanks for coming by http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/151223-bees-knees-takes-flight-chef-jason-owens-readies/, Selecting and tasting a few of hundreds yet to come! #Cheese., Have you seen the newest sneak peak on Instagram??? Follow us @beeskneessupply, Thank you Boston Herald, it was nice to talk to you yesterday!, A little preview of our future displays by Riley Parker Design. Let's see if you recognize them when they are done!, We're still under construction but excited to have an open house tomorrow! Stop by, say hi, fill out an application? or just see the bones of the future market! 11-4, see ya then!, Our reclaimed wood floor, formerly from a New Hampshire cotton warehouse is going down plank by plank today!, Reminder! OPEN HOUSE TOMORROW! 11am-4pm Who's planning to join us?? We'll have hot coffee, so come by and fill out an application. See you then:), null, Our president celebrated his inauguration today, Martin Luther King gave his famed speech on this day, and we are just about to start laying down our floor at Bees Knees today!, Had a terrific meeting today with Gabrielle from @Fortpointarts Really looking forward to future community collaborations., Nothing like a wine tasting mid day during construction! Moving right along, even in Dixie cups!, The job fair is being held today at Luckys Lounge, on the corner of A and Congress St 1-4pm. See you there!, null, null, Follow us on INSTAGRAM:

Beeskneessupply, We are NOW on Instagram.  Follow us at ---> Beeskneessupply, null, Get excited!!!!!, null, null, null, null, null, null)