List(You never forget your First !, Getting Ready for Opening Day, Windows Open @ 3pm !, First in line...not for the "Donut Cone", but to meet Becca Pizzi !, null, We're are my Elves ?, What's in your Donut ?, null, null, Prepping our donut cones for opening day !, Gullotti Day @ Pizzi Farm !, Don't forget dessert for Easter !, We’re in the business of Farm Fresh Food Since 1933, Celebrating St Patricks Day with our new Green Roof ! 🍀, Check out the National Ice Cream Retailers Assoc Calendar !, TBT, Penn St Ice Cream School #season15, We're fielding tons of calls today but unfortunately opening day is still a few weeks away! We can't wait to unveil our new flavors of hard ice cream & introduce our award winning soft serve ice cream!, null, Pizza & 24hr Readathon, Just 30 days till our award winning ice cream opens for our 15th season !, We're happy to announce that Becca Pizzi will be visiting us on Ice Cream opening day April 1st @ 3pm to sign autographs & share stories about her amazing adventure!, null, TBT circa 1978, Thanks Mike Delfino !, 6 deliveries today...wonder if Donnie will make it back? 😂, Hot from the oven...got butter?, Got Milk ?, No Meat, No Problem...We have Tuna or Seafood Salad sandwiches, New England Clam Chowder, Or Sicilian Cheese Pizza!, It's a beautiful morning for a breakfast sandwich !, null, null, null, A little taste of Cape Cod available right here !, Hot Diggity Dog !, Stop by for a taste of...Ice Cream + Donut + Panini = The Donini !, Its Turkey Gobbler Day...Turkey, Corn Bread Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce & Gravy !, null, Whittemore School Super Sunday Fundraiser !, Its a Chicken Parm Sandwich kind of day!, New products from my Key West culinary tour !, null, Caribbean Jerk Chicken Soup: Tender chicken, sweet potatoes, carrots and tomatoes in a handcrafted chicken stock with white rice, red beans, traditional jerk seasoning and a hint of molasses., Football Food Frenzy @, Drink Beer & Support the Waltham Boys & Girls Club...Sounds like a Win-Win to me !, null, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream being represented in Antartica! Run Becca Run!, Drown your Patriot loss sorrows in some Cream of Broccoli Soup today, Hand-cut broccoli florets and gently melted Monterey Jack cheese in a roux-thickened chicken stock with light cream and a pinch of sea salt., null, null, Get your fire started fast with StumpChunks! #comeonbabylightmyfire, Warm the Soul today with some Beef Stew : Seared Angus beef, thickly-cut potatoes, pearl onions, diced turnips, tender carrots and green peas slow simmered in a hearty beef stock and red wine reduction., Hot Diggity, The Mac Daddy 1/4lb Hot Dog!, These smiling faces can't wait to bite into their Breakfast Sandwiches !, After shoveling this morning, stop by for a Farm Fresh Breakfast Sandwich !, Being Its National Clam Chowder Day, Hand-shucked sea clams in a rich, roux-thickened fish stock with tempered light cream, tender potatoes, rendered salt pork and sautéed onions!, Have you tried our fresh baked Muffins ?, I'm having my Pastrami on rye with mustard & cheese...How about you? #nationalpastramiday, Farm Fresh Breakfast Sandwiches!, Warm up today with some Chicken & Dumpling Soup, Slow-simmered chicken, sautéed onions, celery and carrots in a roux-thickened chicken stock with hearty dumplings, a dash of nutmeg and chopped parsley., Ice Cream Tour, 1 more sleep till Santa & 97 sleeps till Opening Day...Merry Christmas!, Don't forget your Fresh Baked Bread for 7 Fish Feast..Open till 3pm !, Just a few Crostini's left...Crunchy,Sweet,Fried Cookie  dusted in Powdered Sugar !, Fresh from the oven...Jordan Marsh Blueberry Muffins !, The RootBeer Float Gift Basket !, Just 2 trees remain for the title of "Charlie Brown Tree 2015" !, Now taking Crostoli Orders for Christmas...Crunchy Sweet Fried Cookies dusted in Powdered Sugar, Great Hostess Gift or Unique Dessert!, We'll tie your tree to any size car or truck !, Great day to pick up a tree before the Pat's Game !, "The King" is making his list & checking it twice!, Drew' here to help you with your Christmas Tree before tonight's Pat's Game !, We're here to help you "Deck the Halls" !
Christmas Trees, Decorated Wreaths, Pine Roping, Kissing Balls, Fireside Baskets, Christmas Planters & Mistletoe! #shopsmall, Christmas Tree 101 interview for Univision!, null, null, Deep Fry Turkey Fails....Be Safe !, JFK, 35th President of the United States & Ice Cream aficionado! "A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on." -- John F. Kennedy, February 8, 1963, 60 degrees and time to start thinking Christmas !, null, Get warmed up for Thanksgiving with a Classic Apple, Maine Blueberry, Apple Crisp or Pumpkin Pie while watching the Pats game !, null, null, null, To All of America's Veteran's and members of the US Armed Forces: This Veteran's Day, We SALUTE YOU and THANK YOU for your service to America!, Pizzi Farm is selling down home, old fashioned, handmade pies from scratch...Classic Apple, Apple Crunch, Blueberry, Chocolate Cream, Custard, Coconut Custard, Banana Cream, Coconut Cream, Boston Cream, Key Lime, Lemon Meringue, Pumpkin, Pecan & Mincemeat....Now taking orders for Thanksgiving !, Just 2 weeks from this Thursday...., Sunday Mornings go better with fresh baked Thick Sliced Scali Bread !, Vanilla & Strawberry Ice Cream Clinic @ NICRA Convention !, Opps, I meant Red Ribbon ;), We're bringing home a Blue Ribbon ! 🍦, Before & After !, To celebrate National Sandwich Day, Tuesday 11/3, win a free Executive Boxed Lunch by guessing the total amount of Asphalt tonnage needed for our parking lot. Closest without going over wins, entries thru 11/1.  Ready, Set, Go..., null, null, Pumpkin Bread Pudding ! Sliced bread smothered in mounds of pumpkin pie filling and topped with nutmeg and cinnamon., Jewish Deli Sandwich Pizza...The Reuben !, Cruise in today with your Hoverboard for a Free Sandwich ! #backtothefutureday, Sicilian Pizza with Mortadella, Genoa & Hot Capicola !, Our Scali bread goes great with jelly & jam ! My favorite is Meyer Lemon Blood Orange Pepper Jelly !, Sad time of year....The last scoop has been served. Thanks to all our customers - it's been a pleasure serving you and hope to see you on April 1, 2016....just 164 days away ! 🍦 — at Pizzi Farm., "Friday Night Pints"
 Buy One Pint, Get One Free!
(While inventory lasts, limited flavors available), Stuffed Pizza aka "The Pizzione", Peppered Ham, Red Roasted Peppers & our special 3 Cheese blend....Tuscan Pizza & Classic Cheese as well !, Friday's soup of the day...Spiced Pumpkin Bisque: A delicate purée of pumpkin, sweet potatoes and handcrafted chicken stock with tempered light cream, brown sugar and a pinch of nutmeg., Buffalo Mac & Cheese Pizza !, Pumpkin Time!, A la Mode !, Yes, we're still open & still serving soft serve ! #twist, Pig & Fig Pizza today !, Celebrate National Frappe Day today !, null, Sundae Party for new unit design., got milk?, Jumping on the Pumpkin bandwagon...Pumpkin Whoopie Pies !, got butter ?, Hello October !, null, Good Day for a hot loaf of Scali bread !, null, Thick sliced Scali Bread, baked fresh daily @ Pizzi Farm !, It's just what Tom does...., Cars & Cones !, I'm thinking Pesto tonight......, null, Mr. Antico is here for the Waltham Lions car Show with his Ferraris!, Going to test out the new pavement on Lincoln St ;), Fresh picked Apples & Peaches have arrived from Nagog Orchards.  McIntosh, Honey Crisp, Zestar, Ginger Gold, Royal Gala are all available for your Pies, Crisps & Cobblers !, Still trying to get confirmation on Speed Racer for Sunday's car show !, We'll be "Laboring" till 10pm scooping out Ice Cream, be sure to try our Fall Flavors: Pumpkin Oreo, Dutch Apple & Witches Brew !, Fall is upon us but we'll be open all weekend till 10pm scooping out Pumpkin Oreo, Dutch Apple & Witches Brew !, Flavor idea for next season....., Its a perfect night for a warm Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundae made with Fresh Picked Apples soaked in a delicious Cinnamon, Nutmeg & Vanilla Sugar glaze with a crunchy oat topping served with Dutch Apple Ice Cream, Caramel & Whipped Cream., Pizzi Farm Alumni featured in USA Today !, A big Waltham welcome to the Griffins of Chestnut Hill College, Philadeliphia, PA enjoying a post game treat (I promise not to tell the boys at the Franklin Fountain)....Anyone else think they look a lot like BC ? @CHCAthletics, Why is Snoopy so excited?  
Pumpkin Oreo Ice Cream has arrived !, Only 2 MoooVie Nights left for the season, tonight is Planes Fire & Rescue (weather permitting).  Note the last movie of the season will be next Sunday, Aug 30th....The Goonies!, null, Now that our summer staff is heading back to school...We are looking for weekday & weeknight help at our popular Farm Market & Ice Cream Stand. Providing outstanding CUSTOMER SERVICE to all our customers and the ability to multi-task in an often dynamic and hectic environment, while smiling, is what we're looking for.  Please stop by for an application., The heavy stuff isn't due for a while !, Celebrate with us....Vanilla, Chocolate, Twist, Raspberry, Coffee, JavaBerry, Orange, Creamsicle....with Candy Dip or Jimmies !, If its Monday it must be MoooVie Night ! 
Note the 08/31Movie is being switched to 08/30 because of the first day of school being 09/01., How come JavaBerry doesn't have a day ?, null, Celebrate National Creamsicle Day with us !, It's MoooVie Night !, When's the last time you had a Root Beer Float ? #nationalrootbeerfloatday, Waltham Chamber Annual BBQ @ the Gore Estate !, No Line...No Waiting...Step right up !, null, Celebrate National Ice Cream Sandwich Day with our version...Donut + Ice Cream + Panini Grill = The Donini !, Don't know how they missed us ? Send them a tweet !, Sounds suspiciously like my "Donini" !!!, TBT Coming Soon...., null, MoooVie Night Tonight! Admission is FREE! Popcorn is FREE compliments of The Doryman Hotel! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars! MoooVies start at Dusk (when it gets Dark). Please no outside food or drinks., null, Don't miss out on celebrating National Hot fudge Sundae Day...Sat July 25th !, null, null, Happy National Hot Dog Day !, null, Lincoln Street is Closed due to resurfacing, please use our Lake St entrance !, It's an all Gullotti staff today !, null, "Will run for Ice Cream! ", Thanks to all the Runners, Wicked Fun Running, Volunteers, Hobbs Brook Management, Waltham Lions, Island Creek Oysters, Pizzi Farm Staff, Waltham Fire Dept. & Mayor McCarthy for getting us through nearly unscathed on this hazy, hot & humid National Ice Cream Day....What can I say, it seemed like a good idea back in March !!!, When you can't get to the raw bar, you bring Island Creek in !, Sundae Fundae 5k registration has begun !, Sundae Funday festivities have begun ! #nationalicecreamday, Don't forget to enjoy Jake & Joe's for Lunch, Dinner or Drinks Today...Eat In or Take Out !, null, Great Catch Mr. Pizzi !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE! Popcorn is FREE compliments of Team Jill & Di of Kirsch Real Estate! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (when it gets Dark). Please no outside food or drinks., Thinking about dessert ? #masonjarsundae, Friday Night Pints...celebrate National Ice Cream month with buy 2 pints, get 1 free !, null, Lets bring the screen down to Hardy Pond !, null, What's in your Waffle? Free Waffle Cone with your ice cream purchase today !, Beat the heat with some fresh fruit cup & rainbow sherbet !, 2 for Tuesday "Donini" (Donut+IceCream+Panini) for $5 from 7pm to 10pm till we run out of Donuts !, null, It's MoooVie Night !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (when it gets Dark). Please no outside food or drinks., Congrats USA Woman's World Cup Soccer !, July's flavor of the month is Cherry Bomb !, Even the Phantom agrees...., To allow our staff to enjoy the 4th of July holiday with their families, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream will be Closed on Saturday July 4th. Have a great holiday, stay safe and we hope to see you soon !, Need a unique item to bring to a BBQ? How about a Giant Whoopie Pie !, Patriot Mason Jar Sundae available only in July! Blueberry Cobbler, Vanilla Ice Cream, Fresh Strawberry Topping, Whipped Cream and a Cherry !, Free Waffle Cone with your ice cream purchase for our Facebook friends on Wednesdays in July !, July is National Ice Cream Month, to help celebrate we have a few special happenings...

Monday Nights is MoooVie Nights under the stars !

Waffle Cone Wednesdays for our Facebook friends !

Friday Night Pints, Buy 2 pints get 1 free !

Sunday July 19th, National Ice Cream Day:
8am - 11am, Cars & Coffee, stop by and check out some exotic cars.
6pm Pizzi Farm Sundae Funday 5k & Fun Run ! www.wickedfunracing.com
8pm MoooVie Night featuring The Muppets !, Asian Chicken Salad has been a huge hit followed closely by Dixie & Sweet Curry !, null, null, We've emptied the coop for some new summer salads !  Asian, Dixie, Sriracha, Sag Harbor & Sweet Curry !, null, "Paris Island was easier than working for your grandmother"...Rick Gildea, Better Hurry, Last week for the Peach Cobbler Mason Jar Sundae !, null, It's a Nor'Easter kind of night !, null, Bring Dad by for a Cold One !, null, General Douglas MacArthur School Field Day !, null, Pizzi Farm circa 1950's, Catering, We'll that's unique !, How bout them Peaches...Peach Cobbler Donini & Mason Jar Sundae !, Peach Cobbler Donini you say ? Boom, there it is !, Never go hungry. Order food easier and faster with our NEW app!

Text PIZZI to 33733 to download now!

By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase., Need a corporate Bagged Lunch? We got that!, null, Have you tried a Donini yet ? Donut+IceCream+Panini=Donini, null, Celebrate National Chocolate Ice Cream Day...Cup, Cone or Donut !, Buffalo Mac & Cheese Pizza !, Hate long lines and wait times? Order ahead now!

Click here to order: https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=2474, Calories for a Cause ! Join us Tues 6/2 for $5 Doninis with all proceeds donated to Dan Collins goal for The Buzz-Off for Kids with Cancer., It's a Raspberry Lime Rickey kind of day ! (Open till 10pm), Breaking News...The Pizzi Farm Sundae Funday 5k has been accepted a part of the RAW (Race Around Waltham) Series ! www.wickedfunrunning.com, The fate of unborn millions will now depend, under God, on the courage and conduct of this army."

- George Washington
August 27, 1776

On a warm summer morning in a field at Long Island, New York General George Washington spoke those words to an anxious group of young men gathered there to defend an idea.

Their belief in a free nation where the rights of a citizen were bestowed upon them by God and not by a king was radical at the time, but one worth fighting for, and, if necessary, dying for.

General Washington could not have had any idea at the time how true his words would become.

With the outcome of the struggle gravely in doubt, brave young men summoned the courage to lay upon the altar of freedom their life, their liberty and their fortune. Included among those early patriots were the boys from Waltham.

As our Nation pauses to honor those who gave the last full measure of devotion in defense of our liberty we owe a special debt of gratitude to every generation of veterans, but especially to those who never made it back to neighborhoods across our city.

As you read their names, please remember that they were the kids that we see today on School Street, and on Lake Street, and on Hall Street, and on Main Street, and on Prentice Street and along Moody Street.

Remember that each of these kids had a unique voice and a hair color and a talent and a fault and a wit and a way of walking and a family left with a deep hole made by their passing.

During an interview for the finale of the highly acclaimed series 'Band of Brothers', based upon the Stephen Ambrose book of the same title, the leader of that band of brothers, Dick Winters, spoke of a grandchild who asked, "Grandpa, were you a hero in the war?". His reply, softly spoken and through misty eyes, remembering his lost comrades, "No . . . but I served in a company of heroes".

If your child ever needs to write a report about a genuine American hero, there are more than three-hundred stories to choose from right here in Waltham.

These boys from Waltham left home for the last time never to see another ball game or to open a Christmas gift or to blow out birthday candles or to see their children grow. They met the tides of history and of circumstance with courage, devotion and selfless determination.

Remember them and pray for them. Pray also for their beloved families who paid a terrible price in handing their souls over to eternity and pray that the cause for which they gave their lives will never be forsaken.

Revolutionary War

Abijah Brown, Jr.
Abijah Childs
Isaac Crosby
Elijah Cutting
Roger Dench
Thomas Gardner

Civil War

Rufus Babcock
William Baldwin
Hiram Banks
Theodore Barnes
Orson Baxter
John Blake
George Brown
Charles Brown
Henry Burgess
Henry Carr
Joe Corrigan
John Dillon
Ed Doherty
John Donnigan
Henry Durivage
Tom Egan
Lyman Fairbanks
George Falls
Lyman Field
Patrick Flynn
John Gillespie
B.S. Harrington
David Hatch
Ed Hatch
William Hayes
Ed Hickey
Joseph Holbrook
Maynard Holbrook
Henry Howe
Roger Kane
George Lawton
Thomas Lawton
Michael McBride
Patrick McGuire
Francis Miles
Leonard Miller
Darius Moore
James Murray
John Newcomb
James O'Hearn
Anderson Posher
Francis Priest
Nahum Rand
F.P.H. Rogers
James Rooney
Horace Sanderson
Samuel Savage
Robert Sherman
Simon Smith
Tom Stickney
George Stone
Daniel Sullivan
Charles Traynor
John Thayer

Spanish American War

George E. Adams
James M. Dermody
Edward P. Doherty
Bernard M. Farrington
Allen M. McCullough
Charles Minnock
Robert J. Parnell
Dominick Walsh

World War I

Charles Bacon
Charles Basile
William B. Benner
Joseph A. Bruce
James B. Chadwick
George A. Chisholm
Raymond J. Collette
Alexander G. Collins
Francis D. Connors
Joseph E. Cormier
Thomas J. Courtney
Charles T. Curtin
Michael Devine
Richard F. Dreyer
Walter Duddy
Allison H. Earle
Louis H. Gorman
Clifton P. Greene
John P. Grogan
Ernest Hamel
Austin E. Harvey
Leslie R. Hodge
Rudolph Isaacson
Walter T. Jensen
Marcel Kwiatskowski
James F. Lally
John L. Lannigan
Harold B. Leach
Timothy Leary
Thomas McDonald
Frank J. McBride
Charles F. McInnes
Charles F. McKenna
James McKernell
Arthur V. Mogan
Arthur P. Mooney
Ernest D. Nealon
Hiram S. Newman
Bromly Palamountain
Domenic Parise
Fred C. Pearson
Albert E. Regan
Charles J. Rennie
Charles A. Sawyer
Joseph T. Sharpe
W. Wellington Sullivan
Stanley C. Swift
John R. Thompson
William A. Thompson
Paul Underwood
Franklin W. Vincent
Walter A. Walsh
James F. Walsh, Jr.
Archie Wheeler
Earl Whittemore
Clifford H. Wilson

World War II

Guido J. Abruzzi
Glen F. Allen
Louis J. Annunciata, Jr.
Raymond J. Arsenault
Walter L. Baldwin
Robert D. Balter
Elmer J. Barden
Francis A. Barnicle
Samuel J. Barron
Anselm L. Belliveau
Richard K. Bills
Leo J. Biron
Edward H. Black
John J. Bononi
Leo A. Boucher
William B. Boulton
Gordon E. Bouret
Gerald C. Breen
Hollis E. Brodrick
John S. Callahan
Charles J. Carney
Armand J. Casale
Henry L. Castagnetti
Robert L. Coleman
Robert E. Collins
Thomas F. Connors
George E. Conant
Frederick Cormier
Joseph P. Coughlan
James P. Cronin
John P. Crossland
Daniel F. Cushing
John DeMatteo
Americo D'Orazio
Ronald B. Dorrington
J. Clarence Doucette
Frederick J. Dowcett, Jr.
William R. Duane
John M. Duffy, Jr.
Harold C. Durkin
Robert W. Elder
S. Barton Eldridge
Richard L. Felt
Alfonse J. Ferrera
Michael Ford
William J. Forte
Paul H. Frechette
Harry Freedman
John F. Furdon
Charles R. Gallagher
John B. Gordon
Vaughn P. Grant
Merrill Grapes
Raymond E. Hadley
Thomas R. Halleran
Roy D. Halloran
James T. Harron
James F. Hart
Raymond F. Healion
Richard K. Henry, Jr.
Glenn C. Hepler
George E. Higgins, Jr.
William R. Hitchcock
William G. Houghton
Herbert F. Ingersoll
Bernard Jacobs
Benjamin F. Jakubik
Edwin E. Johnson
Francis J. Joyce, Jr.
Samuel Kaitz
Phillip F. Keefe
Henry J. Kelly, Jr.
Donald K. Kenneson
Robert A. Klug
Francis H. Kneeland
Philip A. Lanzo
George H. Large
Edward F. LaRosee
Arthur J. Lazazzero
William LeClair
William H. Leonard
Walter Luke
Robert A. Lyons
Joseph T. McCarthy
Charles E. McCullough
George E. McDonald
Earl A. MacDougall
Elmer J. McFarland
Warren I. MacRae
Joseph A. Madden
Joseph P. Maguire
John J. Mahoney, Jr.
Vincenzo Mandile
Robert C. Mansur
John F. Maroney, Jr.
Leonard M. Melanson
Harold A. Meyer, Jr.
John J. Minahane
Donald M. Morrison
John W. Murphy
Joseph T. Murphy
Lawrence J. Murphy
Thomas E. Murphy
Romeo A. Natoli
Thomas P. Noone
Sunda Palumbo
Lester F. Patterson
John P. Peirce, Jr.
Francis P. Pendergast
Edgar H. Peterson
Salvatore Picone
Francis J. Powers
Warren B. Pratt
George S. Purdy
Robert A. Qualters
Lawrence K. Reade
Edward J. Recka
Jerome Rizzo
Rosario Rizzo
Norman D. Robinson
Lawrence L. Rogers
John F. Ryan
Frank Savino
David E. Scott
Homer Sewall, Jr.
Arthur F. Shaughnessy
Raymond P. Shaughnessy
Harry E. Shubley, Jr.
Ernest Seigel
Robert A. Sloper
Chadborn Smith
Andrew Stanton
William A. Stanton
Edward C. Stearns, Jr.
Maxwell D. Stone
Christopher P. Straggas
James J. Sullivan, Jr.
Fred B. Sweetland
Domenic G. Tambascia
Edmund J. Thibeault
Lloyd W. Wade
Henry F. Walazek
Harold G. Walley
Leslie D. Walsh
John H. Watson
Roger R. Wellington
Charles E. Yeo
Kermit W. Youngquist
Bernard A. Zacame, Jr.

Korea

Joseph P. Aucoin
Frederick C. Berry, Jr.
Norman C. Brackett
William J. Burke, Jr.
Donald O. Campbell
Robert G. Curran
Robert C. Dakin
Joseph F. Hession, Jr.
Robert W. Howard
J. Allen Hurd
Raymond R. LaCava
Frederick E. Lamport
James L. McDonnell
John J. McLaughlin
Richard S. Scalia

Vietnam

Lawrence R. Duffy
Paul A. Dupere
Reginald J. Gautreau
Peter Gilmore
David P. Ingersoll
Thomas F. Jackson
Paul C. King, Jr.
Roderick J. McDonald
Kenneth F. Moore
Michael B. Murphy
Thomas E. O'Neill, Jr.
Joseph P. Rando
John M. Sullivan
Thomas J. Vezeau
Craig W. Wedge
Robert S. Wheeler

Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan

Brian J. Ouellette

May their memories be eternal.....Joyce Funeral Home, null, What's in your Waffle ?, Tutti-Frutti Donini !, Memorial Day weekend is the official start to our Summer Hours....Now open till 10pm thru Labor Day !, Taste testing the "Donini" (donut+ice cream + panini) tonight with rave customer reviews !, It's Official, the i's have been dotted and the t's have been crossed...The Pizzi Farm Ice Cream Sundae Funday Family 1 mile and 5k are now open for registration. Sunday July 19th, 2015 6PM in celebration of National Ice Cream Day to benefit the Waltham Boys & Girls Club !  https://my.racewire.com/event/3055, Happy Mother's Day !, Twist, JavaBerry or Creamsicle ?, Kentucky Derby, Fight of the Century & Creamsicle...what could be better !, It's Tent raising day !, It's Soft Serve Sunday,Twist & Java Berry...Creamsicle May 1st !, null, Happy Earth Day !, Sabrina makes the first JavaBerry of the season!, Coming Soon....The "Donini" Donut + Panini !, null, It's a great day for a Twist !, Open till 9pm !, Registration is now open for the Pizzi Farm Ice Cream Sundae Funday 5k (part of the RAW series) Sunday, July 19th, National Ice Cream Day ! 
https://my.racewire.com/event/3055, So what if the snow hasn't melted...Its Opening Day !, There it is...1st Ice Cream of the Season !, No Fooling, It's Opening Day...We open for the season at 3pm today !  Featuring 45 Flavors of Hard Ice Cream, Frozen Yogurt, Sherbet, Sorbet, Slush & Soft Serve.  All served with Jimmies at no extra charge !, null, It may be Snowing, but we're opening for the season in just 2 more days !, Waltham students may not have "Rhythm"(Barstool Sports), but they sure got  Talent !, MoooVie Nights   under the stars with Ice Cream & Popcorn !, License Comm Meeting, MoooVie Nights, null, We are seeking an energetic individual with positive attitude to inspire and delight our guests in our Ice Cream Shoppe.  

This particular job opening is a temporary, part-time, seasonal Spring & Fall position. April 1st thru Mid to late May and Sept 1st thru mid to late Oct.

All our staff members do a little bit of everything-The job entails daily opening procedures, customer order fulfillment (scooping ice cream, frappes, smoothies, soft serve & sundaes), cashier responsibilities, and cleaning to serve-safe standards. 

Being able to work in a fast paced environment, and the physical ability to lift 40 lbs and move around on your feet for hours are also requirements.

If you are interested, please PM me with your contact information and why you would make a great addition to our team!, Lots of folks looking for Ice Cream today, just a few more weeks...April 1st, "No Fooling"!, Sponsored by "The National Dipper" magazine, the Bob Bryson award is presented for outstanding leadership and support of the ice cream industry throughout New England. Presenting the award to Rick Pizzi is Margaret Anderson from Taylor Freezer of New England., Looking forward for trying our new Popcorn machine on MoooVie Night, Lets hope the snow melts !, Opening Day is 1 Month away !, Golf & Ice Cream do go together !, null, Just got a call asking what time Ice Cream is open until tonight....New Englanders Rock !, null, Wonder if I can get these guys to play on Opening Day ?, null, null, Wondering how we'll run the Sundae Funday 5k on Sunday, July 19th (National Ice Cream Day) if there's still snow on the ground...Snow Shoes !, My staff is going to love the National Ice Cream Day uniforms !, 55 days till Ice Cream !, Visit our Friends at Cherry Farm Creamery for "Ice Cream for Breakfast Day" tomorrow starting at 8am !, null, Looks like Winter is sticking around awhile longer...Opening Day is less than 2 Months away !, null, Save the date...July 19th (National Ice Cream Day) 1st annual Sundae Funday 5k Road Race, newest Race Around Waltham event...details to follow !, Anyone tried Avacado Ice Cream ?, Looking to keep the kids busy..., Opening Day is only 63 days away !, Stay Safe Everyone !, Check out our "Best Dessert" entry, Ice Cream Pizza at the Waltham Rotary's Football Food Frenzy on Sunday Jan. 25th from 1pm to 4pm @ the Westin Waltham !, Wonder if RAW (Race Around Waltham) could use another event...., Jaxson's Ice Cream Parlour in Dania, Fl. My grandmother first brought me here in the late 70's !, null, Merry Christmas !, We're here to help you "Deck the Halls" !
Christmas Trees, Decorated Wreaths, Pine Roping, Kissing Balls, Fireside Baskets, Christmas Planters & Mistletoe ! #shopsmall, null, To All of America's Veteran's & Members of the US Armed Forces: This Veteran's day, WE SALUTE YOU and THANK YOU for your service to America !, null, Picked up a little hardware at the Neicra Convention...Bob Bryson Award presented by the National Dipper Magazine !, New England Ice Cream Convention with Richard Smith "Smitty's Falmouth" !, Ice Cream Shenanagins !, Neicra's Lakes Region Ice Cream Tour !, That last scoop of the season has been served.  We'd like to thank all our customers - it's been a pleasure serving you and hope to see you when we open for the 2015 season on April 1st (no fooling)...just 164 days away !, From my friends at Woodside Farm Creamery,
Cream of Mushroom Ice Cream....Thoughts ?, Chill Down Today with Some Fabulous Fall Flavors....Caramel Apple, Pumpkin Patch, & Witches Brew.  Open til 9pm !, Cool Flavors for Fall Nights....
Caramel Apple, Witches Brew and Pumpkin !, Its a perfect night for a warm Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundae made with Fresh Picked Apples soaked in a delicious Cinnamon, Nutmeg & Vanilla Sugar glaze with a crunchy oat topping served with Caramel Apple Ice Cream, Caramel & Whipped Cream., After a brief delay, Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundaes are Back !, How bout an Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundae made with Fresh Picked Apples soaked in a delicious Cinnamon, Nutmeg & Vanilla Sugar glaze with a crunchy oat topping served with Caramel Apple Ice Cream & Whipped Cream., Storms a Brewin !, September Flavor of The Month: CARAMEL APPLE ICE CREAM
– DICED SWEET APPLES AND CINNAMON
SPICE, WITH A DELICIOUS CARAMEL SWIRL, Now that all our Summer Staff has returned to school, we will be open 3pm to 9pm during the week & 11am to 9pm weekends through the end of October !, As we enjoy the last days of Summer, Its time to get reaquainted with our Flavors of Fall ! Caramel Apple, Pumpkin, Coffee Cake & Witches Brew are all ready to be scooped !, It's the last MoooVie Night of the season !  Kids 12 and under are invited to enter our Ice Cream eating contest to benefit the Waltham Boys & Girls Club @ 6pm !, Come celebrate National Banana Split Day with us today....Sing it Lou !, null, null, There's a GMC I've never seen before !, Tonight's MoooVie !, null, Nice Job by my Friends @ Capannari's in Chicago ! , null, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., null, It's Sundae Funday !, null, Sundae Party Selfie !, Serving up Sundaes @ Waltham Chamber of Commerce BBQ !, Come Celebrate National Root Beer Float Day Today !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks.
Photo: MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., null, null, MoooVie Night !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., null, Feeling a case of "Brain Freeze" coming on ? We got you covered !!!, It's National Coffee Frappe Day, Not to be confused with any flavor you choose Frappe Day Oct 7th !, How's your summer Bucket List ?, Raise Your Spoons & Enjoy...Today is National Hot Fudge Sundae Day !, Today is National Vanilla Ice Cream Day, Enjoy it one lick at a time !, It's Our Christmas in July MoooVie Night Tonight !  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., Pizzi Farm Staff members taking a road trip to Cape Cod & Visiting Chuck @ Krista K's Ice Cream...Dont forget to bring back some fudge !, null, Weather Permitting....Tonight is MooVie Night ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., Windsor Village Sundae Pool Party Compliments of Comcast/XFinity !, Drew wants to hit from a cone on all the holes !, Now Serving Bus Tours !, Waltham is one "Happy" place !, Tonight is Moovie Night ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/07/07/ice-cream-stands-new-england_n_5543301.html, Keep Cool With a Refreshing Raspberry Lime Rickey !, We'll be open after the Fireworks !, The Ultimate Sundae "Cup" !, To allow our staff to enjoy the 4th of July holiday with their families, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream will be Closed on Friday July 4th. Have a great holiday, and we hope to see you soon !, null, Tonight is Moovie Night ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks. This weeks feature is The Lego Movie !, MoooVie Nights are back every Tuesday night in July & August !  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks.  This weeks feature is The Lego Movie !, Its a Sundae Sunday kind of day !, Enjoy the World Cup games with some Ice Cream !, Co - Eventing with Comcast @ Charlesbank Estate Apartments !, We're getting ready for MooVie Nights....Every Tuesday Night @ Dusk in July & August !, How much do you love Ice Cream ?, Looks like another case of "Brain Freeze" !, Be sure to celebrate National Ice Cream Soda Day with us today !, It's an Ice Cream kind of night !, General Douglas MacArthur School Field Day !, Off Campus Event !, Celebrate National Chocolate Ice Cream Day today with us !, It's a "Creamsicle" kind of day !, Come Celebrate National Frozen Yogurt Day with us today! Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Cup, Kahlua Fudge, Cherry Chip, Mint Chocolate Chip & Coffee Chip !, Plympton School Movie & Ice Cream Night..."Take a right at the Penguin!", Serving up all your Soft Serve Favorites !, “Our debt to the heroic men and valiant women in the service of our country can never be repaid. They have earned our undying gratitude. America will never forget their sacrifices.” — President Harry S. Truman, Rosalie, Vy & Courtney are serving up Ice Cream today !, Starting this Friday, We'll be open every night till 10pm thru Labor Day weekend !, It was a beautiful day for Miss Catherine's Pizza & Ice Cream Party !, Waltham Youth Baseball Parade !, Celebrate National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day with some Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream Today !, The first person to pick May 12th in our 80 degree contest was Gin Hamel !, Happy Mothers Day !, Anyone catch us on a Phantom Gourmet this morning ?, We're throwing Thursday waaaaaaaay back tonight !, May's flavor of the month is Chocolate Cupcake ! Chocolate Cake Flavored Ice Cream with a Chocolate Frosting Swirl, Loaded with Rich Chocolate Cake pieces !, CONTEST: Guess the first day Waltham, MA USA registers 80 degrees Fahrenheit this year and win a set of Red Sox tickets. We just had to do this! Maybe we will have an impact on the Polar Vortex! PLEASE Share, Share Share and let's change the weather by force! Entries can be submitted through May 15, 2014. (one entry per person please), Rumor has it Pizzi Farm Ice Cream may be getting a shout out this weekend on the Phantom Gourmet....Be sure to watch !, MooVie night permit is in hand, Now I need some movie suggestions...., Leony & Rosalie getting ready to serve up Ice Cream @ the Waltham Food & Wine Festival !, We'll be serving up some new Ice Cream flavors tonight at the Waltham Food & Wine Festival at the Westin Hotel !, Happy Earth Day ! Open till 9pm tonight., null, We're open till 9pm tonight...stop by after the Bruins Game !, We're open today for Fresh Baked Bread, Spring Flowers, & Sweet Treats !, Pizzi Farm staff members doing great things !
, null, null, null, Celebrate National Pecan Day with some Butter Pecan Ice Cream !, After fielding tons of calls inquiring about JavaBerry availability....I just cranked it up ! #javaberry, What's your choice of topping...Let the debate begin !, http://m.wmur.com/national-news/glowinthedark-ice-cream-is-here/25393836?utm_campaign=wmur+facebook&utm_medium=facebook, "For Peep's Sake" Mason Jar Sundae of the Month !, Opening Day Lineup !
1st Vanilla
2nd Mint Choc Chip
3rd Blk Raz Chip Fro Yo
SS Choc Chip Cookie Dough
Left NSA Caramel Pecan
Center Twist Soft Serve
Right Coconut
Catcher Mocha Chip
Pitcher Boysenberry Sugar Cookie, Celebrate National PB & J Day with a PB & J Sundae ! Black Raspberry Ice Cream with Creamy Peanut Butter topping, Whipped Cream and a Cherry !, It's Opening Day...No Fooling !, Just 1 day left till we Open for the Season !
New Flavors for 2014 include Chocolate Cupcake (May flavor of the month), Boysenberry Sugar Cookie (April flavor of the month), Cherry Chip Fro Yo, and Coffee Chip Fro Yo.  We also will have available gluten Free Sugar Cones & Cake Cones !  MooVie Night will return on Tuesday nights in July & August !, Ice Cream opens in 2 Days!, null, null, null, I spent all morning trying to roll a 6....Just six days till Ice Cream opens !, Just seven days...., 8 Days till opening day !, Opening Day is this many days away !, We'll be scooping up some new flavors of Ice Cream !, Opening Day is 1 month away !, null, Think Spring, only 40 more days till we open....get your shovels ready !, Discover how easy it is to make your own ice cream using some clean snow and a few items you probably already have in your kitchen.
Prep Time: 20 minutes
Total Time: 20 minutes
Ingredients:

    1 cup of milk
    1/2 teaspoon vanilla
    1/2 cups sugar
    CLEAN Snow

Preparation:
Put on your warm clothes and take the kids outside to collect 4 - 5 cups of fresh, clean snow. Don't pack the snow, just scoop it up. Bring it in the house and set it in the freezer while you prepare the other ingredients.

Mix together the milk, vanilla, and the sugar. Stir this mixture until the sugar is dissolved. Slowly add the snow to your mixture, stirring constantly, until it is as thick as ice cream. Now it is ready to east and enjoy., Dear February,

Welcome to Waltham! Your cold-hearted friend January, came packed with bitter cold, blankets of snow, and frigid wind. She overstayed her welcome and to be honest, we’re happy to see her go.

We’ve been pleasantly awaiting your arrival since December 31, looking forward to your warmer demeanor. Feel free to unpack lots of sunshine, warmer temps, and southern gentle breezes. And if you’re feeling extra generous – please show us a 40 degree day.

Please be kind to us for the remainder of your 28 day stay.

Yours truly,

The Scoopers at Pizzi Farm Ice Cream, Shirley Temple
 1928 - 2014, Only 55  days 9  hours 23 minutes till the 2014 Ice Cream season !, Don't forget to vote !  Deli, Bakery and ICE CREAM !, A couple of my favorite customers can't wait for the ice cream shoppe to open for the season...Great Job Emma & Andrew !, null, Presenting a check in Dave Andelman's name to the Greg Hill Foundation on behalf of the New England Ice Cream Restaurant Association., 1 more night till Santa & 97 nights till Opening Day !  Merry Christmas !, null, null, Here's a Christmas treat using Sugar Cones !, null, Glow in the Dark Ice Cream....Only $225.00 per scoop !, What happens at Ice Cream Camp you ask ? 
We listen to industry experts discuss the frozen dessert industry.  We help aspiring shop owners avoid the pitfalls of opening a new business. We reunite with old friends. We discover new products....Gluten Free Cones !, null, 2013 New England Ice Cream Restaurant Assoc Conference !, Well, That's been an Ice Cream season to remember...From "Shelter in Place" to the reemergence of the "Ice Cream Ninja".  The Bruins run to the Stanley Cup & The Red Sox being "Boston Strong".  We'd like to thank all our customers - it's been a pleasure serving you and hope to see you when we open for the 2014 season on April 1st...just 155 days away !, null, Took me a while to find Pizzi Farm, but its there !, Just got a call from Serendipity Ice Cream, St Louis, MO about an Ice Cream wager between the Red Sox & Cardinals....Here we go again !, Nava on #RedSox'LF debate: "What's your favorite ice cream? I've got two flavors. Is it bad I love both these flavors this much?", The Gauntlet has been thrown !  Pizzi Farm Ice Cream has accepted a wager with Serendipty Ice Cream, St. Louis, MO. When the Red Sox win, Serendipty Ice Cream will donate 3 tubs of "Green Monster Ice Cream" : Creme D'Menthe Ice Cream loaded with (Doubles) stuffed Oreos & (Triples) Chocolate Chunks to the Waltham Boys & Girls Club.  Should the unthinkable happen and St. Louis wins the series, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream will donate 3 tubs of "Play Ball" Ice Cream : Caramel Popcorn flavored ice cream with candied peanuts and a caramel ribbon swirl to Epworth Children & Family Services of MO., Just got a call from Serendipity Ice Cream, St Louis, MO about an Ice Cream wager between the Red Sox & Cardinals....Here we go again !, Ice Cream & Pumpkins go great together !, Straight from the Pumpkin Patch....Pumpkin Bread Sundae ! Vanilla Ice Cream served with Sliced Pumpkin Bread smothered in mounds of Pumpkin Pie filling, Nutmeg & Cinnamon, with Caramel Sauce & Whipped Cream !, Today is National Frappe Day !, null, Our Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundae has been a huge hit ! Be sure to stop by before we run out of jars... Warm Apple Crisp Sundae made with Fresh Picked Apples soaked in a delicious Cinnamon, Nutmeg & Vanilla Sugar glaze with a crunchy oat topping served with Vanilla Ice Cream, Caramel & Whipped Cream in a mason jar that's yours to keep !, Straight from the Pumpkin Patch....Pumpkin Bread Sundae ! Vanilla Ice Cream served with Sliced Pumpkin Bread smothered in mounds of Pumpkin Pie filling, Nutmeg & Cinnamon, with Caramel Sauce & Whipped Cream !, Note to self....do not leave IPhone unattended !, We just replenished our Mason Jar supply...Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundaes are Back !, Our Apple Crisp Mason Jar Sundae has been a huge hit !  Be sure to stop by before we run out of jars... Warm Apple Crisp Sundae made with Fresh Picked Apples soaked in a delicious Cinnamon, Nutmeg & Vanilla Sugar glaze with a crunchy oat topping served with Vanilla Ice Cream, Caramel & Whipped Cream in a mason jar that's yours to keep !, How bout an Warm Apple Crisp Sundae made with Fresh Picked Apples soaked in a delicious Cinnamon, Nutmeg & Vanilla Sugar glaze with a crunchy oat topping served with Vanilla Ice Cream, Caramel & Whipped Cream., null, Witches Brew Ice Cream is fresh from the cauldron !

– ORANGE-SHADED VANILLA ICE CREAM
WITH CANDY CORN, M&M’S CHOCOLATE COVERED PEANUTS AND CHOCOLATE CHIPS., null, Waltham Youth Baseball Ice Cream & Awards Night, Part Deux !, Bring the kids on by to enjoy a cool refreshing treat !, Waltham Youth Baseball, Part II, null, Waltham Youth Baseball Ice Cream & Awards Night !, September's flavor of the month is Caramel Apple: Sweet Cream Ice Cream with Diced Apples, Cinnamon Spice & a Caramel Swirl ! 

Fall Hours; Mon - Fri, 3pm - 9pm. Sat & Sun, 11am - 9pm., I may have been the only one that recognized Denzel getting an Ice Cream earlier today ?, Starting Tues Sept 3rd, Our Fall hours will be:
Weekdays from 3pm - 9pm, and Weekends from 11am - 9pm, as our staff has returned to school !, We're getting a jump start on our September flavor of the month, Caramel Apple : Sweet Cream Ice Cream with Diced Apples, Cinnamon Spice & a Caramel Swirl !, Tonight is the last MoooVie Night of the season !, It's National Banana Split Day !
David Evans Strickler, a 23-year-old apprentice pharmacist at Tassel Pharmacy, located at 805 Ligonier Street in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, who enjoyed inventing sundaes at the store's soda fountain, invented the banana-based triple ice cream sundae in 1904. The sundae originally cost 10 cents, twice the price of other sundaes, and caught on with students of nearby Saint Vincent College. News of a new variety of sundae quickly spread by word-of-mouth and through correspondence, and soon progressed far beyond Latrobe., Its MooVie Night...
Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., null, Guess what day it is ?
        It's National Soft Serve Day !, Celebrate National Creamsicle Day today with us !, The MooVie Night at Pizzi Farm & Concert on the Waltham Common both scheduled for Tonight have been postponed because of predicted thunderstorms., Tomorrow night's MooVie night 8/13 is in tribute of the 2013 U.S. Amateur Championship, which will be contested at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass., Aug. 12-18., Next weeks Moovie night 8/13 is in tribute of the 2013 U.S. Amateur Championship, which will be contested at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass., Aug. 12-18., The first scooping crew at Pizzi Farm Ice Cream !
#throwbackthursday, Danielle serving up Ice Cream @ Waltham West Suburban Chamber of Commerce picnic !, Its MooVie Night...
Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., Ice Cream worth getting Shot for is what I like to say !, Its MooVie Night...
Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., Movie Night @ The Mansion...The Lyman Estate Garden !, Camp's Here !, Our customers come in all shapes & sizes !, #throwbackthursday #acalums, Due to our rain soaked lawn, MooVie night is unfortunately cancelled....See you all next week !, Cherry Bomb & Almond Joy will only be available in July...Don't miss out !, Cousin's Day @ Pizzi Farm !, In 1984, President Ronald Reagan designated July as National Ice Cream Month and the third Sunday of the month as National Ice Cream Day. He recognized ice cream as a fun and nutritious food that is enjoyed by a full 90 percent of the nation's population., This guy is serious about not wanting his Ice Cream to melt on the way home !, Never trust a skinny Ice Cream Man ~ Ben Cohen, It's a Slushie kind of day !, Summer Nights are made for Ice Cream !, Too hot to eat ?  Cool down & stay nourished today with a Fresh Fruit Smoothie...Available in Strawberry Banana, Mixed Berry & Peach Mango !, What's in your Waffle ?, Its MooVie Night...
Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., We just made good on our Stanley Cup wager with Capannari's Ice Cream !, Its that kind of day....

We have plenty of frozen treats to keep you cool !

Tuesday night is Moovie Night, Ratatouille !, Finish off your Sunday Funday tonight with an Upside Down Banana Split !, Our facebook friend flavor of the month is so secret, some of our employees dont even know about it ! Just tell them to look under the Coconut ice cream !, Life is like an ice cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time. ~ Charles Schulz, Setting up for MoooVie Night....then maybe Wii Golf !, Its MooVie Night...I'm so not listening to the weather man this week ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks., Fun Facts to help celebrate National Ice Cream Month : 
The U.S. enjoys an average of 48 pints of ice cream per person, per year, more than any other country. Maybe we should make ice cream the fifth food group!, I think a bus just pulled in...make that 2 buses !, Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone. ~ Jim Fiebig, An Ice Cream cone can solve any problem - even if it's only for a few minutes. ~ Anonymous, Boston Magazine listed our Graham Central Station Ice Cream as one of the Best Scoops in Boston, what better way to celebrate National Graham Cracker Day !, null, Due to multiple inclement weather forecasts for this evening, tonight's July 2nd MooVie night will be cancelled !, July's Flavor of the Month "Cherry Bomb" : Cherry Ice Cream with Chocolate Cherry truffles and a rich creamy fudge swirl.

*facebook friend flavor of the month is Almond Joy, this wont be listed but known only to our facebook friends that have been requesting it !, MooVie Night is back on Tuesday nights in July & August ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. Please no outside food or drinks. 7/2 Despicable Me, 7/9 Happy Feet, 7/16 Ratatouille, 7/23 The Santa Clause, 7/30 Tangled., Customer...Comment of the Day :
"I'll have a Hot Fudge Sundae with Vanilla ice cream please"...Would you like that with Hard Vanilla Ice Cream or Soft Serve Vanilla ice cream ?..."Oh, somewhere in the middle would be nice" !, null, Check out our new tent...complete with Air Conditioning !, Congratulations Blackhawks !, Cool down today with a Fresh Fruit Smoothie...Available in Strawberry Banana, Mixed Berry & Peach Mango !, There's plenty of time during intermission to stop by for a Sundae to enjoy the 2nd Period with !, null, It was so nice for the folks from Capannari's Ice Cream to send out Meg Dix to learn the proper way of making a Black n Gold Sundae !, It's a Flavor Burst kind of day !, Its a Raspberry Lime Rickey kind of day !, It's an Ice Cream kind of day !, Celebrate National "Ice Cream Soda" Day today !
The ice cream soda (a.k.a the ice cream float) was invented in Philadelphia in the late 19th century by Robert Green. Mr. Green operated a soda shop in Philly and used carbonated water, syrup and cream to make his tasty treats. Legend has it, Green ran out of cream on day and instead used ice cream.
Besides traditional Ice Cream Soda varieties (Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry & Coffee) Classic Ice Cream Sodas at Pizzi Farm include: The Brown Cow, Strawberry Blonde, Chocolate Cream, Broadway Soda, Black Cow and the Black & White !, null, Pizzi Farm in the news in Chi-Town !, null, Got to love the mad rush of customers between periods !, MacArthur School Field Day @ Pizzi Farm !, OT winner !, Soft Serve Ice Cream & Bruins Stanley Cup Hockey, 2 things that go great together !, After a little rain, I see the Cap's employees finally made it in to work !  Go Bruins !, null, null, Losing in Triple OT is like dropping your triple scoop ice cream after waiting 5 hrs in line :(, null, Chi-Town vs Beantown !, Capannari’s Ice Cream, Mt Prospect, IL & Pizzi Farm Ice Cream, Waltham, MA have proposed a “Chilly” wager for the NHL Stanley Cup !

The losing side must wear the Champions shirts to work the day of the parade and be photographed eating the champions themed sundae.

The losing shop owner must also wear the winning teams jersey at the National Ice Cream Retailers Assoc. Convention in St Louis !

The Bruins Black n Gold Sundae featured at Pizzi Farm Ice Cream is a Butter Crunch Ice Cream with rich Hot Fudge, creamy Butterscotch, mounds of fresh Whipped Cream, Chocolate Jimmies and a Chocolate covered Oreo Puck.
 
The staff at Cap’s is going to love it…

Go B’s !, null, null, Brain Freeze ?
  We got you covered !, Wonder if I should get one of these floating Ice Cream trucks for Hardy Pond ?, I promised my staff I would don a tutu to thank them for all their enthusiasm and hard work during "Princess Night", A special thanks to the Marcou Family for all they do for the Waltham Boys & Girls Club !, Princess Danielle scooping delicious treats !, Tonight is Princess Night !, null, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream donated a "Name Your Own Ice Cream" at the Waltham Boys & Girls Club annual auction.  The winning bidder has deemed her creation "Princess Morgan" Ice Cream.  Join us for the unveiling Friday Night June 1st from 5:30pm - 7:30pm.  Everyone dressed as their favorite "Princess" will receive a free cone of "Princess Morgan" Ice Cream !, 90 degree weather...Check, Raspberry Syrup...Check, Fresh Limes...Check, Seltzer Water...Check, Ice...Check !  Cool off today with a refreshing Raspberry Lime Rickey!, To Our Military Guests...
Visit us on Memorial Day, with your military ID and receive a Free Handmade Ice Cream or Signature Soft Serve as a small token of our great appreciation for your service., Tune in to The Pat Whitley Restaurant Show On WRKO 680AM Sunday morning from 10-1 and Vote for your favorite Ice Cream Stand!, null, Show your Bruins pride and order up a "Black n Gold" Sundae today ! Butter Crunch Ice Cream with rich Hot Fudge, Creamy Butterscotch, mounds of fresh Whipped Cream, Chocolate Jimmies and a chocolate covered Oreo as the Puck...Go B's !, null, Did you know we make our own Raspberry Sherbet & Coffee Ice Creams from scratch to create JavaBerry !, It's a great day for an Ice Cream ! With all our college staff back we're now open daily from 11am - 10pm !, Today is National Chocolate Chip Day!

Chocolate chips are an essential ingredient in dozens of delicious baked goods not to mention Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream !

In the 1930s, Ruth Graves Wakefield created the original chocolate chip cookie at her Toll House Inn in Whitman, Massachusetts., Did you know we have 17 flavor combinations of Soft Serve .....What's your favorite flavor ?, May's flavor of the month ! 
BOURBON CARAMEL PISTACHIO BRITTLE Ice Cream –
BUTTER FLAVORED ICE CREAM WITH A RICH BOURBON CARAMEL SWIRL AND
LOTS OF PISTACHIO BRITTLE CANDY PIECES !, All our Soft Serve Ice Cream varieties are now available !, It's an Ice Cream kinda day !, JavaBerry season is here !, null, null, Its a perfect night for a Sundae Funday !, Cones for Cops !
  We would like to extend a Thank You to all our local Law Enforcement friends, Stop by tonight for a free cone ! (actual size may vary), null, Waltham Police have requested all Business to close during manhunt for suspect #2.  Be safe & stay indoors !, null, We'll be sampling some new flavors at next weeks Waltham Food & Wine Festival at The Westin Waltham....Boysenberry Sugar Cookie, Salted Caramel Chocolate Pretzel & Bourbon Caramel Pistachio Brittle...Go to crmi.org for more info !, With temperatures in the 30's, Frozen Hot Chocolate may make an appearance on tonight's menu !, Celebrate Peanut Butter & Jelly Day with some Black Raspberry Ice Cream & Peanut Butter Topping !  #flavortown, Lets get it started ! Its opening day for Pizzi Farm Ice Cream...and some local baseball team as well !, null, Opening Day is only 4 days away...., The BIG Announcement !, Danielle's doing some Spring cleaning on this First day of Spring in anticipation of opening day, April 1st !, Movie Night entertainment permit has been secured....What family movies do you suggest ?  (Big News just a few weeks away), Stay tuned for some really big season opening news !!!, Officer Hanley can hardly wait for opening day....only 30 days away !, null, Thanks for your business...We'd like to thank all our customers - it's been a pleasure serving you and hope to see you when we open for the 2013 season on April 1st...just 186 days away !, null, September Ice Cream Flavor of the Month.....APPLE CRISP !, Today is the unofficial last day of Summer....What flavor will you be having ?, What better way could one enjoy a Labor day Sundae Funday !, Due to increased threat level of West Nile Virus, Tonights Movie on the common has been canceled.

DPH has confirmed three cases of West Nile Virus in Middlesex County. Threat level for Waltham remains "moderate", Lexington is raised to "High". Please visit DPH website for more information - press release should be posted there soon. http://www.mass.gov/eohhs/gov/departments/dph/, null, It may be "Sundae", But I think it's a Banana Split kind of day !, It's hard to BEElieve, but tonight is the last MooVie night of the season !  The Bee Movie tonight @ Pizzi Farm.  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., Moovie Night tonight @ Pizzi Farm. Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8:30ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., Its a Sundae Funday !, Mother Nature hasn't been kind to MooVie night the past few weeks....Let's hope she's a fan of Open Season !  Moovie Night tonight @ Pizzi Farm.  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8:30ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., Moovie Night tonight @ Pizzi Farm....Happy Feet!  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8:30ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., With today being National Cheesecake Day we couldn't wait to roll out our August flavor of the month : Strawberry Cheesecake !, Today is National Hot Fudge Sundae Day !, Moovie Night tonight @ Pizzi Farm....Disney's The Santa Clause (Christmas in July) Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8:30ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., Shark sighting in Waltham !  Tonight...Shark Tale @ Pizzi Farm.  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8:30ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., In 1984, President Ronald Reagan designated the third Sunday of July as National Ice Cream Day.

Nothing could be sweeter than bringing together National Ice Cream Day & Sundae Funday !, Its a great night to celebrate National Ice Cream Month...whats your favorite flavor ?, Tonight is MooVie Night. Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk (8:30ish or when it gets dark). Please no outside food or drinks., This weeks MooVie nights....Tues Night @ Pizzi Farm, Ice Age & Thurs Night @ Lyman Estate, Raiders of the Lost Ark !, Still plenty of time to COOL DOWN with some Pizzi Farm Ice Cream...we are open until 10:00pm!!, Tonight is MooVie Night. Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk....the time at which the sun is 18 degrees below the horizon in the evening ;) Please no outside food or drinks., July's Flavor of the Month: "Cherry Bomb", Cheeseburger with Fried Ice Cream... "milk-shake burger.", "Siri....Where can I cool down with some Ice Cream ?", MooVie Night is back on Tuesday nights in July & August ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk.  Please no outside food or drinks.  July 3, UP;  July 10, Ice Age;  July 17, Shark Tale;  July 24, The Santa Clause (Christmas in July, Toys for tots drive);  July 31, Happy Feet;  Aug 7, Open Season;  Aug 14, Kung Fu Panda;  Aug 21, Bee Movie, What your favorite Ice Cream flavor says about you on a date:

Butter Pecan
You’re a little old fashioned and maybe a little conservative. You’re a hard worker who is detail-oriented at work and in your social life. (And very respectful to your date.) So while you are kind of conservative, you also are a decadent person. Sure, you can be all business. But when you’re ready to unwind, you unwind with the best of them.

Chocolate
Chocolate is for kids at heart. You know how kids say the darndest things? Well, yousay the darndest things. And since you get bored easily and don’t have a filter, you will tell people you are bored. Or that you don’t like them. Or that you aren’t having fun on your date. At least you’re honest. And when you do find someone, you’ll be really happy. You’re also really creative and talented, though, and very enthusiastic.

Neapolitan
Make up your mind! You have a trouble making decisions. You’re also kind of immature and like people to baby you.

Chocolate Chip
You’re all about fun. You’re into sports and like to compete. You laugh a lot and are really generous. Total extrovert — you’re the life of the party. But you are also pretty classic.

Double Chocolate Chunk
You share many characteristics with the chocolate chip lovers, but you’re way more extreme. You do whatever you want and just don’t give a damn. You’re like the chocolate chip lover… on crack.

Mint Chocolate Chip
You’re smart and kind of quiet. Your tastes are refined. And you are stubborn.

Rocky Road
You’re the boss of everyone and are used to people doing what you say.

Strawberry
You’re young at heart and very thoughtful. You don’t jump into unknown situations and love tradition. You’re committed in your relationships, although it takes you a long time to get to that point because you are kind of shy.

Vanilla
You my friend, are not vanilla. You are daring and experiment with a lot of new things, taking high risks and setting huge goals for  yourself. You are sure of yourself and don’t fall for trends just because they’re trends. And you’re stubborn. 10,000,000 people could jump off a bridge and try to convince you to stop liking vanilla ice cream and you won’t do it.

Coffee
You’re lively, passionate, and pretty impulsive. You start things all the time and don’t finish them because you get bored easily and sometimes have a hard time focusing.
 
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough
You are really indulgent and party your ass off. You do what you feel like doing basically all the time, regardless of what your work schedule is or what other people think. You plan stuff for your friends and get them psyched to follow your lead. Your philosophy is, “Why not?” And you’ll try anything once. Or twice, depending on how drunk you were the first time., According to this month's Real Simple Magazine the average American eats 48 pints of ice cream in a year...I think New Englanders should be better than average !, Support Global Cooling....Eat More Ice Cream !, Flavor Up : Chilled Strawberry Soup

 (formally Strawberry Ice Cream, prior to power outage) !, Todays forecast...., Stay Cool & Refreshed with a Raspberry Lime Rickey Today !, Our Flavor of the Month, GREEN MONSTER is made with real Creme de Menthe liquor....Try some today !, Waltham Republicans will be hosting an Ice Cream social @ Pizzi Farm on Thursday 6/14, 6 - 8 pm under the tent.  Stop by to meet other Republicans and Candidates !, It's a perfect kind of Sundae Funday !, Green Monster Ice Cream is being Re-Branded as "CELTIC PRIDE"....Stop by tonight and show the green team your Pride !, Today is National Running day....Who wants to run over for an Ice Cream ?, June's Flavor of the Month : GREEN MONSTER !
GREEN CRÈME D’MENTHE ICE CREAM LOADED WITH OREO COOKIES AND CHOCOLATE CHIPS, Only 1 day left for Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream !, Click the link below to vote for us as your favorite Ice Cream shop...Thanks !, It's an Ice Cream kind of day !, Pick up a plant for Mother's day when you stop by for an Ice Cream !, Help us lick cancer....one scoop at a time !, Stop by and check out our new menu boards !, null, null, Join us May 7th - May 14th, all proceeds of Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream will go to Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer....Be sure to ask for the "Pink Ribbon" sprinkles, a Facebook friend exclusive !, May's Flavor of the Month : RED VELVET CAKE Ice Cream - RED VELVET CAKE-FLAVORED ICE CREAM WITH RED VELVET CAKE PIECES AND CREAM CHEESE FROSTING SWIRL, Only a few days left for April's Flavor of the Month...Maple Blondie: REAL MAPLE SYRUP ICE CREAM WITH LOTS OF GOOEY MAPLE BLONDIE BAR CHUNKS AND A MAPLE CARAMEL SWIRL !  Get some before it Gone !, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream has all your Soft Serve Treats...Twist, JavaBerry, Creamsicle, FlavorBurst, Gourmet Waffle Cones, Candy Dips, & JIMMIES !   Help spread the word and "SHARE" with your Friends !, For all you Mad Men fans...there may not be any Howard Johnson's around anymore, but we have our very own homemade Orange Sherbet !, 40 Degrees...Freezing Rain....Steady line at the Ice Cream window !  New Englanders at their finest !, Celebrate Earth Day all season...Pizzi Farm Ice Cream will be serving Ice Cream in "Green" Cups & Containers made with at least 50% renewable resources., We're now making Homemade Raspberry Sherbet for JavaBerry Soft Serve & Orange Sherbet for Creamsicle Soft Serve....Stop by and try some today !, Here's a little Friday afternoon fun :  The first person that can correctly identify the picture contents will win an Upside Down Banana Split !, Flavor Up !  "Creamsicle"  New for 2012 !, 1/2 Price Ice Cream while its "Hailing" !!!, Flavor Up...JavaBerry is now available @ Pizzi Farm Ice Cream!, We're only a week away from Opening Day...April 1st.  New Flavors this season include Salted Caramel Chocolate Pretzel, Milky Way Frozen Yogurt, BumbleBerry Pie Frozen Yogurt, Lemon Sorbet & No Sugar Added Coffee Ice Cream.  To honor New England's Maple Syrup industry, April's Flavor of the month will be Maple Blondie.

We added a 3rd Soft Serve machine to feature Creamsicle (twist of Vanilla Ice Cream & Orange Sherbet) to go along with last years addition of JavaBerry (twist of Coffee Ice Cream & Raspberry Sherbet).

The Environment is very important to use so we'll be switching to "Eco-Forward" paper products made with 50% renewable resources !

MooVie Night will be back on Tuesday Nights in July & August.  We will also be sponsoring MooVies @ The Lyman Estate on Thursday Nights in July & MooVies on the Common on Friday Nights in August !

We are pleased to announce Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer 2012 will take place May 7-13th!  We will be donating 100% of the proceeds from all sales of Red Velvet Cake Ice Cream during that week !

Looking forward to seeing old friends & new during the 2012 Ice Cream season !, null, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream will be serving Red Velvet Ice Cream for "Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer" May 7-13 th. Stop by and help us raise money for breast cancer one scoop at a time !, I know its going to be a beautiful day for Ice Cream today, but unfortunately we don't open till April 1st !, "Ice Cream Makes You Pretty" is the slogan at Henry's Ice Cream in Plano TX, but did you know Ice Cream can also make you filthy RICH ?  A Newport R.I.  grandmother had a craving for Rainbow Sherbet which turned into huge payday !  

http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/ri-lottery-officials-winner-of-336m-powerball-jackpot-is-an-81-year-old-newport-woman/2012/03/06/gIQAxuJ1uR_story.html?tid=pm_national_pop, Red Sox pitchers & catchers report in less than a month, that can only mean one thing...Ice Cream season is upon us and with that are some possible new flavors.  Here are some flavors we are looking at for 2012:  Milk & Cookies (chocolate chip and chocolate chocolate chip cookies in vanilla ice cream with fudge chunks and a chocolate cookie swirl).  Birthday Cake (light yellow cake-flavored ice cream with candy confetti, yellow cake pieces, and a blue frosting swirl).  Red Velvet Cake (red velvet cake-flavored ice cream with cake pieces and a cream cheese swirl).  Salted Caramel Chocolate Pretzel (caramel ice cream with a hint of salt, with chocolate pretzels and swirled with caramel).  Let us know what you think !, The 2011 Ice Cream season has come to an end, (along with the Red Sox season) We would like to thank everyone that came out and enjoyed Ice Cream with us.

MoooVie Night was a spectacular addition and will be back in 2012 on Tuesday nights in July & August....Send us your movie suggestions !

This winter we will review all the suggestions you sent us.

Have a safe winter and we look forward to seeing you again on April 1, 2012 !, null, Thank You to the Waltham Patch for naming, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream...Social Media Page of the Week !, its Apple picking time.... try some Apple Crisp ice cream on your way home from the orchards !, Fall Flavors have arrived...Pumpkin & Apple crisp !, Soft Serve in the CUP ?   Why not !, Thanks everyone for a wonderful MoooVie night season !, Final MoooVie night of the season tonight...."Over the Hedge" !, Mooovie night has been postponed to Thursday night 9/1 due to it being a school night tonight (no school on friday) !, null, A customer just ordered Black Raspberry Ice Cream with Peanut Butter sauce, Bananas & Bacon ! I thought it was ELVIS....but it was just Louis Zottola !, This weekend only....the Nor'easter (soft serve blended with your favorite candy and flavored syrup) will be renamed: "The Hurricane" !, Any suggestions for a "Hurricane" Sundae ?, Get an "EarthQuake Sundae" @ MoooVie Night...Finding Nemo tonight at sundown !, MoooVie Night schedule changes....Due to another forecasted tuesday night of rain, This weeks movie will be postponed till Thursday night Aug 18th.  Also Tuesday Aug 30th is the night before the first day of school for some, so we will reschedule the last movie of the season for Thursday Sept 1 (no school on friday)....See you all at the MoooVies !, Special MoooVie night tonight due to tuesdays rain ! "Wall -E" Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! Movie starts at Sundown...please no outside food or drinks., Due to tonights forecasted Rain / Thunderstorms....MoooVie Night featuring Wall -E will be postponed till Thursday night !, Mooovie Night Tonight !  Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was one of only two animated films to rank in the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films of all time in 1997.  Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! Movie starts at Sundown...please no outside food or drinks., Due to A. thunderstorm B. wet lawn C. dark stormy clouds (pick one) Tonights MoooVie will be postponed til Thursday Night !, Who's your favorite Dwarf ? Disney's Snow White is tonight's MoooVie Night (weather permitting) Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! Movie starts at Sundown...please no outside food or drinks., Special MoooVie night tonight due to Tues Rain ! "ELF" Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! Movie starts at Sundown...please no outside food or drinks., Its Model A night tonight !, Due to Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Middlesex County, MA. Tonights MoooVie will be postponed til Thursday Night !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! (weather permitting) Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! Movie starts at Sundown...please no outside food or drinks., This weeks Mooovie is Elf, (Christmas in July)  Tuesday night at sundown ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars !  please no outside food or drinks ., Triple Digit Weather....Banana Boat for Dinner !, Lick the Heat Today !
  45 Flavors of Ice Cream, Frozen Yogurt, Sorbet, Soft Serve, Slush, Frappes, Ice Cream Sodas, Orange Freezes, Fresh Fruit Smoothies & Raspberry Lime Rickeys !, Beat the Heat with a Refreshing Scoop of Raspberry Sorbet !
Sorbet is dairy free, denser than Ice Cream and bursting with Real Raspberry fruit !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! Movie starts at Dusk (approx 8:35pm) please no outside food or drinks ., When President Ronald Regan declared July to be National Ice Cream Month back in 1984, he also said that the third Sunday of the month would be National Ice Cream Day. In honor of this, how about some ice cream facts?

The top five most popular ice cream flavors are: vanilla, chocolate, neapolitan, strawberry and cookies n' cream, in that order, with vanilla comprising about 1/4 of all sales!

The US produces more than 1 billion gallons of ice cream every year.

It takes 50 licks to finish a single scoop of ice cream. (just try it if you dont think so !)

There are ice cream options both for conservatives and for liberals.

The biggest ice cream sundae in the world was made in Alberta, Canada and weighed nearly 55,000 pounds.

The world's largest ice cream sandwich weighed in at just about 2,500 pounds., By train, plane, automobile, trolley....trolley ?, Come Celebrate National Ice Cream Day...Sunday July 18th !, Stop by tonight for MoooVie Night on our 12' Screen !, MoooVie Night Tonight ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars !  Movie starts at Dusk (approx 8:37pm) please no outside food or drinks ., Cool Down today with a Refreshing Raspberry Lime Rickey !, Its Sundae Funday !
With 45 flavors of Ice Cream, 6 different toppings, Whipped Cream or Marshmallow, Jimmies, Nuts & a Cherry....Your possibilities are Endless !
Open every night til 10pm !, Tues nights in July & August is MoooVie Night ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. In case of rain, movies will be shown on Thursday night. Please no outside food or drinks. July 12 Monsters,Inc; July 19 The Lion King; July 26 (Christmas in July) Elf; Aug 2 Snow White; Aug 9 Wall-E; Aug16 Cinderella; Aug 23 Finding Nemo; Aug 30 Over the Hedge., Most asked question of the day, When is "Dusk"....Answer : Dusk is the beginning of darkness in the evening, and occurs after twilight, when the sky generally remains bright and blue., Tonight @ Dusk....the Premier of MoooVie Night !, We'll be closed July 4th...See you all on July 5th for our premier of MoooVie Night !, "Baldwin" the Boston College Eagle serving up the best Ice Cream in Town !, Every Tues night in July & August is MoooVie Night ! Admission is FREE ! Bring a blanket or lawn chair and watch a movie under the stars ! MoooVies start at Dusk. In case of rain, movies will be shown on Thursday night. Please no outside food or drinks. July 5, Cars; July 12 Monsters, Inc; July 19 The Lion King; July 26 (Christmas in July) Elf; Aug 2 Snow White; Aug 9 Wall-E; Aug16 Cinderella; Aug 23 Finding Nemo; Aug 30 Over the Hedge., Happy "National Ice Cream Soda Day" !, Tuesday Nights are MooooVie Nights @ Pizzi Farm Ice Cream in July & August on our 12' screen !, Mr. C serving up Ice Creams to General Douglas MacArthur school  students during field day !, Show your Bruins pride and order up a "Black n Gold" Sundae today ! Butter Crunch Ice Cream with rich Hot Fudge, Creamy Butterscotch, mounds of fresh Whipped Cream, Chocolate Jimmies and a chocolate covered Oreo as the Puck...Go B's !, Cool Off with a Fresh Squeezed Raspberry Lime Rickey !, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream.....Where Jimmies are always free !, Start the holiday weekend off right with an Ice Cream !, Now open til 10 pm !, Tonight Only....Apocalypse Sundae !  Don't go out without one !, Looking for dinner & dessert all in one ?  Be the first to correctly name the 2 former Boston Bruins players that worked at Pizzi Farm & WIN an Ice Cream Pizza !, Today's celebrity sightings....Paul Pierce & family !, JavaBerry is Here !, Dear Customers, When commenting that "Pizzi Farm Ice Cream is da BOMB", please use your inside voice.  Thank You !, Its gonna be  a great Ice Cream Day !, Open Easter Sunday !, A Zamboni Ice Cream Truck....Now thats a cool idea !, It may be Monday...But its a great day for a Sundae !, First Ice Cream sale of the 2011 season, Quart of Brownie Batter....Thanks C.Fly, Funny Caption Contest....To celebrate opening day, the funniest caption will win a Pizzi Farm Ice Cream gift card !, Opening for the season on April 1....No Fooling !!!, We have fundraising opportunities for those of you looking for new and creative ways to raise money for your organization.  Last but not least, We're always looking for a few good staff members...Our busiest times are Nights, Weekends, & Holidays (consider that before applying).  Opening weekend, April 1, 2011., Its hard to believe but Ice Cream season is a little more than a month away ! For 2011 we'll be introducing some new flavors: Mocha Chip, Caramel Macchiato, Maple Blondie & Coffee Toffee Frozen Yogurt.  In the months of July & August, tuesday nights will be "Moovie Night", watch movies under the stars at dusk., Thanks for your business...We'd like to thank all our customers - it's been a pleasure serving you and hope to see you when we open for the 2011 season on April 1st...just 180 days away !, Its "BOGO" week...Buy One quart or pint of hand packed Ice Cream and Get One free !  Flavors are limited, season ends Sept 30th. Stock up today !, While you enjoying your cup of DD Coffee & the Sunday Globe, check us out on the Phantom Gourmet, Sunday @ 11am, WSBK TV 38, got duck ?
  Adopt your "duck" for the Waltham Education & Beyond Foundation's SPLISH SPLASH DUCK RACE (9/18 Charles River) to benefit The EXCELLENCE IN EDUCATION Grant Program.  Lone Duck = $5 (get a free soft serve cone), Six Quack = $25 (get a free sundae), Flock (13) = $50 (get a free banana split).  Free Ice Cream is only available for ducks purchased Pizzi Farm Ice Cream on or before 9/17. ( no ducks real or rubber will be harmed ! ), null, Here's a "cool" way to help support the Jimmy Fund...Make a donation to Natalie Patey's Jimmy Fund Walk & Pizzi Farm Ice Cream will treat you to some Ice Cream !Natalie walks...You get Ice Cream...& Together, We support the Jimmy Fund ! (Corrected Link), Todays Celebrity sighting :  Brian Scalabrine, Boston Celtics, stopping by with his summer camp kids !, Hey Marge, This one's for you...JavaBerry has arrived at Pizzi Farm Ice Cream !, Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time - Charles M. Schulz, Looking to beat the Heat ?....Try a Fresh Fruit Smoothie....Starwberry Banana, Triple Berry or Mango Pineapple....Cool and Refreshing !, In case you missed us on the Phantom Gourmet..., "Brain Freeze" - certain measures can be taken to keep it from happening in the first place. The key is to eat your ice cream at a lusciously slow pace. This gives your palate a chance to warm back up before more of the frozen yumminess can cool things off again. Because this can be difficult in our rapidly moving lives, science demands that we teat this like any skill: practice, practice, practice !, "Stressed" spelled backwards is "Desserts"....Coincidence ? I think not !, I'm thinking a Banana Split for Dinner !, Looking to quench your thirst...stop by for a Raspberry Lime Rickey !, Cool Down with our Raspberry or Lemon Sorbet....The perfect treat thats Cool & Refreshing !, Looking to beat the Heat ?....Try a Fresh Fruit Smoothie....Starwberry Banana, Triple Berry or Mango Pineapple....Cool and Refreshing !, Life is like Ice Cream....Experience every flavor before it melts away !, Support Global Cooling...Eat More Ice Cream !, Phantom Gourmet..."Hidden Jewell" !!!, Set your Tivo's for Saturday 11:00am & 2:30pm to WSBK TV 38, to catch our Phantom Gourmet Premier !!!, Come meet Eric Dahlberg, tonight from 6-8pm, candidate for State Senate in the Third Middlesex District, and enjoy a scoop of Waltham’s best ice cream on Eric's campaign - all while benefiting the Waltham Education & Betond Foundation !, Finish off your Memorial Day weekend with an Ice Cream !, On your way to the beach today....Listen to the Pat Whitley Restaurant Show from 10am - 1pm on 680 am WRKO & Vote for your favorite Ice Cream Stand !, Its going to be 90 degrees today and we're serving up 45 flavors of Ice Cream, Soft Serve, Frozen Yogurt, Sorbet, Smoothies, Frappes, Sundaes & Banana Splits....Any Questions ?, Phantom Gourmet wil be filming on Friday 10am - 2pm, stop on by !!!, Celebrity Sightings....Dan Andelman of the Phantom Gourmet was in enjoying some Purple Cow Ice Cream today !, This Mother's Day make Mom Happy with a Hanging Basket And Gift Card to Pizzi Farm. They're always in season !, Ice cream Fun Facts...In 1983, Cookies n' Cream ice cream, made with real Oreos, climbed to number 5 on the best selling ice cream flavors. It is the fastest growing new flavor in the history of the ice cream industry., Can't find a cup of Joe ?  We're making coffee with poland spring water !, The Debate continues....Do you call them "Jimmies" or "Sprinkles" ?, One of our new flavors this season has returned rave reviews...stop by and check out Graham Central Station !!, The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 1. Cheeseburger, This ice cream mashup, sold by Heladeria Coromoto in Venezuela, contains burger meat, cheese, french fries, and "secret incredients" [sic]. A stoner's dream? We think so. Just in case you don't find it appealing, the heladeria sells over 800 other flavors!, The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 2. Basashi Ice, This flavor out of Japan might be the most outrageous yet. Basashi ice, sold in Tokyo markets, features chunks of raw horsemeat. Hey animal rights activists: Want to take a stab at this one?, The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 3. Haggis (Sheep Intestines) Served up at Morelli's, a shop inside the Harrod's Food Hall in London, this ice cream comes complete with haggis, aka sheep innards sealed up like a sausage. Don't worry, though. The intestines are blended throughout the ice cream -- you won't encounter any chunks. Feel better?, The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 4. Licorice, Again, licorice is great by itself. But mashed up into a scary-looking ice cream cone? Slightly nauseating. Still, Fosselman's, an L.A. ice cream joint that features the flavor, is beloved by locals., The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 5. Garlic, This flavor is given away free every year at the Gilroy Garlic Festival in Gilroy, California. The fest also shills items like a spicy garlic butter cookie and Spanish garlic shrimp., The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 6. Lox, Don't get us wrong -- we could eat lox on our bagel, But putting smoked salmon in an ice cream cone might be taking it a bit too far. If you live in Queens, New York, you can try it for yourself at Max and Mina's Homemade Ice Cream and Ices. Other odd ice cream flavors in the shop: beer, garlic, pizza, and corn on the cob., The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 7. The Mash Cone, Leave it to the British to cook up a concoction made from sausage, mashed potato, gravy, and peas, stuffed in an ice cream cone. A company called Aunt Bessie's dishes out the mash cone, which is surprisingly good, according to the UK Metro., The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence...Number 8. Candied Bacon, Meat lovers, rejoice! Your perfect ice cream is here, thanks to The Perfect Scoop. The dessert master's candied bacon creation features light brown sugar, cinnamon, and lots of bacon., The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence... Number 9. The Sex Pistol, For when you're having trouble getting in the mood, London ice cream shop "The Icecreamists" offers this Viagra-like combo of absinthe and herbal supplements including arginine, biloba, guarana, and gingko. Hey, it's probably more fun to take than a pill., The 10 Weirdest Ice Cream Flavors in Existence... Number 10. "Secret Breakfast" Available at San Francisco ice cream haunt Humphry Slocombe, this flavor contains a wacky mix of bourbon and cornflakes. The most surprising part? It's incredibly tasty. Other unique Slocombe flavors include cream cheese, sour cream, and peanut butter-curry., Back by Popular Demand...Ice Cream Fun Facts !  True or False... The worlds first floating Ice Cream Parlor was part of the U.S. Navy ?, Open Easter Sunday, Its a great day for Ice Cream after dinner !, Back by Popular Demand...Ice Cream Fun Facts ! True or False... The worlds first floating Ice Cream Parlor was part of the U.S. Navy ?, Due to customer demand (you know who you are...)  Soft Serve is now available along with FlavorBurst !, Who will be the first in line tomorrow for Opening Day ?  Will it be one of our favorite customers, Colby C. ?  One of Waltham's finest, Paul H. ?  Our neighbor Melissa R. ?  Perhaps birthday girl, Jill C. ?  Maybe Engine 7 after pumping out someone's basement ?.....Who Do You Think ?, Opening Day is one week away !  We would like to start the season with over 1000 "Fans"...Please "Suggest us to your Friends",  We'll be giving away special prizes when we reach our goal !, New Flavors under development for the 2010 season...Chocolate Raspberry Chunk, Graham Central Station & Coconut Brownie Cheesecake., Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone.  ~Jim Fiebig, “My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy the ice cream while it's on your plate”, is at Whittemore School today for "Scooper Bowl Sundae" serving up 350 kids !, The 1st Saturday in February is "Ice Cream for Breakfast Day"...Be sure to have a Pint of your favorite flavor or if its been a long week, a Quart on hand !, Its that time of year again for the "2010 Readers Choice Awards"
Please consider us in the following categories : Ice Cream, Deli, Bakery, Coffee Shop, & Garden Store ! 
To Sweeten the deal...(no pun intended !) Bring a completed copy of your ballot, with us listed in the 5 categories mentioned and be entered to win a Sundae Party !, The Season must me getting close...My first employee called to reserve their spot on the roster !, Think Spring !, The one Everyones been waiting for....Kissing Ball 101:, Poinsettia 101: Poinsettias are native to Mexico.  The Paul Ecke Ranch in California grows over 80 percent of poinsettias in the United States for the wholesale market.  There are over 100 varieties of poinsettias available.  Poinsettias are not poisonous., Christmas Tree 101:  Since 1971, the Province of Nova Scotia has presented the Boston Christmas Tree tree to the people of Boston in gratitude for the relief supplies received from the citizens of Boston after a ship exploded in 1917 following a collision in the Halifax, Nova Scotia Harbor. Part of the city was leveled killing injuring thousands., Christmas Tree Myths: You save a tree by using a fake tree. BUSTED: This is directly attributable to the fake tree industry. Trees are a crop. They are planted by farmers to be used specifically as Christmas Trees. The really ironic part of the ad for the fake tree is one of the selling points is that it comes in a sturdy cardboard box. Ummm, how exactly is that saving a tree?, Christmas Tree 101: The Official White House Christmas Tree is displayed in the Blue Room.  The tree must be 18 1/2 feet tall and fit through a doorway 58 inches wide.  This years tree is a Douglas Fir grown in Sheperdstown, WV.  The tradition of using the Blue room began in 1837 when Martin Van Buren redecorated., Christmas Tree 101: The most common Christmas Tree species are: Balsam fir, Douglas-fir, Fraser fir, Noble fir, Scotch pine, Virginia pine and White pine.  For every Real Christmas Tree harvested, 1 to 3 seedlings are planted the following spring., Christmas Tree 101: North American Real Christmas Trees are grown in all 50 states and Canada. Eighty percent (80%) of artificial trees worldwide are manufactured in China.  Real Trees are a renewable, recyclable resource. Artificial trees contain non-biodegradable plastics and possible metal toxins such as lead., Come meet Scott Brown candidate for US Senate on Sat Nov 7th @ 12:30 pm ! www.brownforussenate.com, Now Taking Orders for Fresh Killed Turkeys & Fresh Baked Pies for Thanksgiving !, Apple 101: Fuji, With the sweet flavor of its Red Delicious parent, the Fuji is a medium to large apple, with orange-red skin. Its flesh is firm, crisp and quite juicy. The Fuji is an excellent eating apple, and is good dried in slices. It's also a great keeper, maintaining its quality for up to a year refrigerated or several weeks left in a fruit bowl., Apple 101: Fuji, The Fuji has its origins in Japan, where it was developed in 1939. It received its name in 1962, after Japan's tallest and most sacred mountain. The Fuji are grown in great quantities in China and Japan, but discerning fruit lovers can find fresh Fujis here in New England. The Fuji is a cross between a Ralls Janet, an heirloom variety from Virginia, and Red Delicious., Apple 101: Empire, What do you get when you cross a Red Delicious apple with a McIntosh? An Empire, an apple variety whose flavor is sweeter than a McIntosh and more tart than a Delicious, and it has juicy, firm white flesh that doe not easily bruise. It is considered a high-quality dessert apple, and good for all culinary uses. It has a striking, deep red skin brushed with gold and green., Apple 101: Honey Crisp, Exceptionally juicy and with a crunch beyond compare, the Honeycrisp has a bright red and pale green outer skin. The inner flesh is cream-colored, crisp, and very juicy. The Honeycrisp has a sweet yet slightly tart flavor. It is excellent for salads or for eating as a snack. Some warn its high water content makes it much better suited for eating than for baking., Apple 101: Honey Crisp, Honeycrisp was produced from a 1960 cross of Macoun and Honeygold, as part of the University of Minnesota apple breeding program to develop winter hardy cultivars with high fruit quality. The original seedling was planted in 1962 at the University of Minnesota Horticultural Research Center (www.honeycrisp.org). They were introduced commercially in 1991. http://www.honeycrisp.org, Pizzi Farm Ice Cream has officially closed for the season...Thank You all and see you Patriots Day 2010 !  Dont forget Pizzi farm for the only place in Waltham for fresh baked Scali & French Bread, locally grown Apples & Pumpkins, and not too far away...Christmas Trees !, Apple 101: Macoun, There are people who insist that the best apple eating is a Macoun, fresh from the tree. The Macoun has become especially esteemed by connoisseurs in the Northeast in recent years for its rich, complex flavors, both eaten fresh and in cooking. Macouns do not store well compared to many varieties, making them in great demand during harvest., Apple 101 : Named after a Canadian pomologist, this variety is pronounced as if spelled "MacCowan." It is not a new apple -- it was developed in Canada in the early 1900s. This McIntosh-type apple -- the offspring of McIntosh and Jersey Black (an old American apple once known as Black Apple because of its very dark color) -- is crisper and spicier than the McIntosh, with juicy flesh and a hint of strawberry flavor., Apple 101: Cortland, A large apple good for baking, with a deep, purple-red color and yellow streaks, Cortlands are considered moderately juicy and fairly sweet compared to the McIntosh. Their white flesh browns very slowly when sliced, making Cortlands a standout for fruit salads and for dipping in toppings., Apple 101: From Flower to Fruit...In spring, apple trees are covered in apple blossoms. In order for the blossoms to become apples, they must be cross-pollinated.This means that the pollen from one flower must travel to another before fertilization can occur. Bees are responsible for this essential task., Apple 101: The McIntosh apple was developed from in the orchard of John McIntosh near Dundela, in southeastern Ontario. He transplanted wild saplings in 1801, which were nurtured and developed into commercial potential. It quickly thereafter took root in New England, becoming the quintessential New England apple. The "Mac" accounts for nearly two-thirds of a total New England apple harvest of six million bushels., With the Ice Cream season coming to an end next week :(  This semester I will be offering up Apple 101 !  For those not familiar with the history of Pizzi Farm, The property was originally an Apple & Peach orchard. For tomorrows lesson we'll start with the grandaddy of all New England Apples, The McIntosh !, Now serving Fall Harvest flavors: Apple Crisp & Pumpkin Ice Cream !, Be sure to tune in to WRKO radio, 680 on the am dial, this Sunday from 10:00am - 1:00am for the annual Pat Whitley Labor Day Ice Cream Show. Ice Cream aficionados from around the northeast will be calling in to name their favorite shop as well as their favorite flavors. The WRKO best ice cream shop award will be presented @ New England Ice Cream Restaurant Association annual convention.   Vote online @ www.nedine.com, "Quack for Education" Duck Race, Stop by tonight 5-8pm and say hello to Dr. Azar & State Rep Stanley, Adopt a Duck for only $5, Grand Prize $1000 !!! Race is Sept 19 @ Charles River by Margaritas 2pm.  All Proceeds benefit Waltham Education & Beyond Foundation., Shake, Frappe, or Cabinet ?, Hard Ice Cream or Soft Serve ?, Ice Cream 101: Todays assignment...Go out and Support your local Ice Cream shoppe and bring the knowledge you learned all week !, Ice Cream 101: "Ice Cream University" You can get your degree in the science of Ice Cream making at Penn State University's esteemed Ice Cream Short Course. Penn State was the first to offer college-level instruction in Ice Cream, beginning in 1892. The cost was $5 to cover lab fees and incidentals, today it cost more than $1000. Alums include "Ben & Jerry" and yours truly !, Ice Cream 101: GELATO, Italian ice cream that is dense and full-flavored.  Its name is derived from the italian verb gelare meaning "to freeze". Gelato uses milk instead of cream, has less air and has only a fraction of the butterfat found in ice cream.  Gelato is served at a slightly warmer temperature than ice cream, giving it more of a soft-serve consistency and is served using a spade instead of a scoop., Ice Cream 101: "Brain Freeze", The scientific name for the condition is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia. Most ice cream headaches last only 15 to 30 seconds, but some can linger up to 5 minutes.  Ice Cream headaches are caused when something cold hits the nerve center at the roof of your mouth, causing the blood vessels in your head to dilate. The extra pressure on the blood in your head is what causes the pain., Ice Cream 101: Frozen Yogurt, (Fermented milk, friendly bacteria, low butterfat, more sugar), Rick Pizzi Ice Cream 101: Here's a guide to all the frozen deserts I could think of; French Ice Cream (made from a cooked custard base), Philly Ice Cream (cream, sugar & flecks of vanilla bean), Soft Serve (5 - 10% butterfat), Gelato (milk, less air,low butterfat), Sherbet (low fat milk, more sugar, acidic), Sorbet (non dairy,more sugar), Frozen Custard (high butterfat, egg yolks, no overrun, served soft)., Ice Cream 101: "Overrun" is the amount of air in Ice Cream, Its calculated on a scale of 0 (no air) to 200 (nothing but air). By law, Ice Cream in the US can have no higher than 100 percent overrun (50 percent air). The less air means a creamier, richer tasting product., Ice Cream 101: At its purest form, Ice Cream consists of a Mix of cream and other dairy products, a sweetener, flavoring, and inclusions (nuts, cookies, candies).  Food Scientists would refer to Stabilizers, Emulsifiers and Aeration. USDA requires that all "Ice Cream" contain at least 10% butterfat and no more than 50 percent air., Ice Cream Fun Facts...Oyster and Ice Cream parlors were popular in the 1800's.  Since Ice Cream was a summertime food, Oysters were served the rest of the year - during the "r" months, when they were in season., Ice Cream Fun Facts...In 1930 James Bartholomew was lucky enough to acquire a job at Just Born, Inc. Bartholomew operated a machine that produced Born's latest invention, tiny hot-dog shaped chocolate sprinkly things. But what to call them? Born briefly pondered that question before deciding to accredit the name to the producer, Jimmy Bartholomew. The new product was named "JIMMIES"., Ice Cream Fun Facts...The Lonestar State loves Dairy Queen; There are more than 600 DQ's in Texas, More than any other state !, Ice Cream Fun facts....In Newark, New Jersey, it is illegal to eat ice cream after 6pm without a doctor's note.  And it is illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your back pocket in Lexington, Kentucky., Ice Cream Fun Facts...the "Heladeria Coromoto" Ice Cream parlor in Merida, Venezuela, offers the most flavors in the world with more than 700 on the menu.  The Top-Seller : Sweet Corn !, Ice Cream Fun Facts...Japanese love ice cream ia all its forms, but they are especially crazy for the wild and wacky.  Here are some of the more inventive flavors: Squid, Ox Tongue, Sweet Potato, Fried Eggplant, Wasabi, Shrimp, Eel, Chicken Wing, & Catus , Support "Global Cooling".....Eat Ice Cream !, null, null, What could be better than Award Winning, Farm Fresh Ice Cream on a sunny summer evening, thats right ! The Sun has reappeared...Be sure to enjoy it while it lasts !!  Open till 10pm., null, Its 90 degrees out and we're serving up 45 flavors of Ice Cream, Soft Serve, Frozen Yogurt, Sorbet, Smoothies, Frappes, Sundaes & Banana Splits....Any Questions ?, Sunday Special: Strawberry Shortcake,featuring homemade Biscuits !, Friday Night Special : Soon to be famous...Fried Banana Split !, Season opener is Monday (Patriots Day).... what are you going to order???)