List(Try our 'Saburger' for lunch on Saturday or Sunday!, Delicious and nutritious! Try our Pear Salad!, You can't go wrong by starting with our Mezze plate!, Celebrate the end of the week with a cocktail at Sabur! #TGIF, Medici Musica and Sabur presents LOS THREE @ Sabur
Thursday, April 14th 9pm
NO COVER
Reservations Recommended

https://www.facebook.com/events/757545707678772/, Will we see you tomorrow night for an evening of enchanting Greek music!?, Our Broiled Salmon features orzo, red peppers, zucchini, garlic, charred baba ghanoush, and feta cheese!, Hungry?  Try our Rolled Chicken Breast!  #whatsfordinner, Special tonight: Spicy sesame tuna!, Where do you drink Turkish coffee?, Our homemade ajvar is a delicious and traditional Macedonian relish! Try it alone as a spread!, Enjoy a medley of seafood with the Croatian Seafood Stew!, We have a delicious lamb kebob special this weekend!, null, Will you be attending the Irish Film Festival Boston at the Somerville Theatre this weekend?  Stop by Sabur before or after for lunch, brunch, dinner, or drinks!, You can't go wrong with the Cevapcici on our starters menu!  Grill Balkan sausages with onion, warm pita, and chilled yogurt sauce!, Spread some warm goat cheese on a toasted crostini!  Perfect to start your meal or enjoy with a drink!, Thinking about breakfast? Stop by Sabur for some eggs & polenta! We open at 11:00!, Cheers!  Celebrate Friday! #TGIF, Have you marked your calendars for Revma on March 25!?  It should be an unforgettable evening!, null, Get your daily serving of vegetables with our delicious Sopska Salata!, Save room for dessert and try the Chocolate Mousse Cake! #saveroomfordessert, What are your weekend plans?  Join us for brunch today or tomorrow!, What are your brunch plans for the weekend? We are open Saturday and Sunday for brunch and dinner! #brunch #weekendbrunch, Stop by tonight and let us mix you a drink! #tgif #somerville, Scruptious Lamb Bolognese!, Check it out! We are now serving these luscious Georgian and Croatian wines on the menu! #saperavi, It's National Margarita Day! (Not that you need an excuse!) Stop by tonight for a Yugo 55 Margarita! #NationalMargaritaDay, We'll have this delicious duck breast special on the menu for the next few days!, Yes! We do private events!  Check out this fantastic capture from and event this week!, Mark your calendars for this enchanting evening on Friday, March 25!!, Our Broiled Salmon's preparation is new! Now served with orzo, red peppers, zucchini, garlic, charred baba ghanoush, and feta cheese!, Happy Valentine's Day!, Valentine's Weekend Special: SURF & TURF! Grilled filet mignon and shrimp in a creamy dill sauce with zucchini and potato!, We are open for lunch/brunch on Saturdays and Sundays!  Bring your Valentine this weekend and enjoy something sweet, like our French Toast with apricot butter and fig jam!, Lonely Planet just named Somerville as Boston's 'hippest neighborhood'!  We agree!! https://www.lonelyplanet.com/usa/boston/travel-tips-and-articles/somerville-rockin-the-boston-suburbs?utm_content=bufferc1edc&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer, Did you make reservations for Valentine's Day yet?  Click here to see our weekend specials: http://saburrestaurant.com/News.aspx, Spinach and Ricotta Filled Gnocchi with caramelized onions, roasted red pepper, and parmesan!, There are lots of cozy, romantic spots in the dining room and bar.... and we still have reservations available for Valentine's Day weekend! Follow your heart to Sabur! Call today (617) 776-7890!, null, It's cold outside, but warm in here! Come to Sabur for dinner! #saburrestaurant #teelesquare #somerville, TONIGHT! Salam Bil Musiqa Middle Eastern Trio 
7p-10p - NO COVER 

Join us on the first Thursday each month for World Music! 
Tonight, February 4th we welcome Salam Bil Musiqa Middle Eastern Trio featuring Tony Barhoum on qanun, Gilbert Monsour on percussion, and Youssef Sadek on keyboards! 
Reservations recommended: Please call (617) 776-7890., Joining us for live music tonight?  Have some dinner, or stop by the bar and enjoy a cocktail and a mezze plate!, We're on Instagram (@saburrestaurant)!  And we love seeing our guests' captures!  Check out this gorgeous Turkish coffee!, Join us on the first Thursday each month for World Music! Tomorrow, February 4th we welcome Salam Bil Musiqa Middle Eastern Trio featuring Tony Barhoum on qanun, Gilbert Monsour on percussion, and Youssef Sadek on keyboards! No cover, for reservations please call (617) 776-7890., Our delicious Charred Beef Sirloin is served with roasted garlic potatoes, spinach, blue cheese, and a walnut cream sauce!, Open Hearth Roasted Lamb!, Celebrate hump day by enjoying a 'Persephone', made with pomegranate-infusted Hornitos Tequila, Patrón Tequila Cintronge, and lime juice!, Our Tagine is a vegetarian favorite made with Moroccan style slow roasted vegetables, couscous, sultanas, dates, almonds and cinnamon!, null, We've freshened up the preparation of our Nantucket Sea Scallops to include beet risotto and butternut squash puree!, Come to Sabur and warm up with a bowl of delicious Lentil Soup, Testing out new menu items!  Stop by this weekend to check it out! #bts #newsalmon, Delicious "Pita", traditional homemade phyllo dough pie!, We love this gorgeous Instagram (@saburrestaurant) capture of our glazed apricots!   Save room for dessert!, Zucchini Fritters!, Raise your hand if you like fig-infused vodka!  Stop by tonight for a Smovka Martini! Our doors open at 5pm. #craftcocktail #cocktailhour, THIS THURSDAY, JAN 7th, 2016 @ Sabur Restaurant in Teale Square
Leandro Pellegrino Trio @ 7pm-11pm
1st Thursdays each month - Live Music! NO COVER - Come join us!!

Leandro Pellegrino - Guitar 
Isaac Levien - Bass
Lee Fish - Drums

MONTHLY WORLD MUSIC @ SABUR 
Medici Musica Productions presents a monthly World Music program on the 1st Thursday of every month at SABUR Restaurant in Somerville!
For Reservations: 617.776.7890 - www.saburrestaurant.com
Check Out our Delicious Mediterranean Fare from our Menu:
http://www.saburrestaurant.com/Menu.aspx

THIS THURSDAY, JAN 7th, 2016 will feature: 
Leandro Pellegrino Trio
Leandro Pellegrino is a Brazilian guitarist, born and raised in São Paulo, where he studied music composition and Jazz improvisation and gained an impressive reputation among his peers with the opportunity to work with many of the greatest Jazz musicians to include Dave Liebman, Danilo Perez, Manu Katché, John Pattittuci, Bob Cranshaw, Terri Lyne Carrington, Romero Lubambo, Eric Harland, Gerald Clayton, Erik Truffaz, among others.

Pellegrino is the guitarist on the Grammy award winning album “Beautiful Life" by the exceptional jazz singer Dianne Reeves. In 2013, Leandro traveled to Europe for the first time to participate in the Montreux Jazz Guitar Competition and was awarded the 1st prize presented to him by the legendary Lee Ritenour. He was also the first South American guitarist to ever win this competition and has since been performing for audiences all over the world while currently working on the pre-production of his debut album, planning it to be released soon.

http://www.leandropellegrino.com/, null, null, null, MONTHLY WORLD MUSIC @ SABUR
1st Thursdays each month - Live Music!
NO COVER

Come join us!!  
Medici Musica Productions presents a monthly World Music program on the 1st Thursday of every month at SABUR Restaurant in Somerville!
For Reservations: 617.776.7890 - www.saburrestaurant.com
Beginning Thurs. Nov 5th - featuring Brazilian Trio - Samba de Três, Our Special Tunight

Rock of Lamb, Swordfish with potato salad and grilled asparagus, don't forget to come into Sabur this weekend for our $14.00 brunch!, null, null, null, join us in Sabur and enjoy our food, Mornings are better with our traditional Bosnian coffee, Join us for brunch Saturdays and Sundays for only $14.00!, Try this special when you come into Sabur: Beet Salad Carpaccio with baby Greens, VT Goat Cheese, Green Walnut Dressing!, null, null, Join us, we have new specialties, null, Are you planning a party? We can help, and its tasty., Organic Heirloom Tomato and Burrata Cheese
Marche Red Onions, Aged Balsamic, Mayor of Somerville, Joseph Curtatone,  in Sabur, It's time for the signature of the house:
"SLOW ROASTED LAMB"
Seasonal vegetables, natural jus
or you prefer
"GRILLED SHRIMP"
wrapped in vine leaves with spicy aioli., http://somerville.wickedlocal.com/article/20140711/News/140719844/?Start=2, Scallops, SABUR RESTAURANT seeking waiters and bartenders., Enjoy a delicious salad at Sabur!, Can't go wrong with a classic like grape leaves!, Bosc Pear salad with walnut, Gorgonzola, dried apricots, organic greens, port wine dressing, Come enjoy a Harpoon Brewery Summer Beer while watching the World Cup!, null, Seafood Fra Diavolo with salmon and scallops! Have some tonight while watching the Bosnia-Argentina game!, Happy Father's Day, from our family to yours!, Come in and savor this delicious special: Stuffed Acorn Squash with curry shrimp, basmati rice and cauliflower!, Join us for dinner tonight!, Our bar opens at 5:00! Come in and enjoy a Smokva Martini or a Sao Paolo cocktail!, Congratulations to Martina S. - the winner of our drawing!, Scallops served with mushroom stuffed kale crepes! Come in and enjoy something special at Sabur! (and don't forget out contest below for a chance to win $75 gift certificate!), Here is Chef Leo picking fresh mint for some plates!  For a chance to win a $75 gift certificate, tell us in the comments, your favorite spring/summer produce!  Anyone who comments will be entered in a drawing (taking place on Monday 6/9).  Share this photo for two entries!, Where did spring go!?  Warm up tonight with some Carrot Lentil Bisque!, It's the weekend, the sun is shining, the flowers are blooming--and brunch is served at Sabur. Dine with us for brunch on Saturdays and Sundays., New for summer, our Heirloom Tomato & Burrata Cheese Salad is the perfect taste of the season. We'll save a plate for you at Sabur!, Try this special when you come into Sabur:  Beet Salad Carpaccio with baby Greens, VT Goat Cheese, Green Walnut Dressing!, Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!, A delicious addition to our dinner menu this weekend:  Heirloom Tomato and Burrata Cheese Salad!, Another beautiful AND delicious special at Sabur!  Beet and goat cheese agnolotti with apricot-mint pesto!  http://ow.ly/i/5iqmM, What are your plans for the weekend?  We are open for lunch/brunch on Saturday and Sunday. Come in and enjoy a Saburger!, Sopska salata! We open for dinner at 5!, We've got house-made pasta on our special menu tonight!, Come in and enjoy our mussels special tonight and through the weekend!  Mussels: P.E.I Mussels, Alla  Puttanesca, Pommes Frites, Delicious Kadayif! #saveroomfordessert, Zucchini fritters!, Homemade Koefta with polenta fries!, Save room for dessert!  #sweets, Come in and enjoy our salmon special this week!, It may be chilly outside, but our Turkish coffee is nice and warm!, Come in for lunch and enjoy a chicken sandwich...grilled to perfection, served on Iggy's Bread!, Chef Filho says he is 'ready to confit'!, Join us in the lounge! We open at 5...., Our website had a make-over!  Check it out!  http://www.saburrestaurant.com/, "Like the Old Vine" movie premiere is will be here in a few weeks!  Tickets available at friendsofcroatia.org for the March 23 event!, Homemade pasta, local shellfish.....check out some of the specials we've had in the last few weeks, created by our talented Chef Joaquim!, Our chef has an Instagram account - check it out!  http://instagram.com/jfilho411, Guvec — ragout of wild mushrooms, carrots, zucchini, red peppers, and jasmine rice., Carrot Lentil Bisque, Grilled Chicken Breast with parmesan-butternut squash risotto and spinach, Slow Roasted Lamb, Tagine — Moroccan style slow roasted vegetables, couscous, sultanas, dates, almonds, cinnamon, Beautiful patterns cast by our lamps! #atmosphere #inthedetails, Homemade Koefta served with polenta fries and cucumber-feta sauce., Grilled Shrimp Skewers wrapped in vine leaves served with a spicy aioli!, Join us on March 23, for the Boston premiere of the documentary "Like the Old Vine" which features renowned Croatian American winemaker, Miljenko “Mike” Grgich of Grgich Hills Estate .  Space is limited!! Go to friendsofcroatia.org to get your tickets for the movie, or join us after the movie for a special dinner., null, The beautiful oven at the back of the restaurant isn't just for show...here is Chef Leo starting the lamb for a wedding over the weekend!, The chef's Mezze plate is always a perfect way to start your meal! Available for two or four., Do your Valentine's Day plans include a visit to Sabur? http://ow.ly/i/4B8Ys, Sabur is open tonight! Enjoy our delicious chicken or another warm dish!, If you can't get out, we can deliver with Foodler! http://ow.ly/tvv8u, There are plenty of cozy spots in Sabur....romantic too! Will you be joining us this Valentine's Day weekend??, Our delicious Nantucket scallops!, We're open for dinner tonight! Come warm up with some Croatian Stew!!, Warm Vermont goat cheese, served with roasted red pepper, roasted garlic, roasted eggplant sauce!, Almost too pretty to eat!! But don't let that stop you, our Beet Risotto (served with seared Nantucket scallops) is delicious!!!, Coffee service #itsallinthedetails #somervillema, Traditional Cevapcici! Grilled Balkan sausages, onion, warm pita, chilled yogurt.  #teelesquare #somervillema, What a nice review! Thanks howiGit! http://www.howigit.com/boston-restaurants/sabur-restaurant-my-best-find-yet-in-boston/, Beaded lamp http://t.co/mQyPmgfGmI, null, null)