List(Gruppo teamwork as we prepare for this year's Taste of the South End, Who else is excited?! New England Clam Bake is here again to close out The Big Shellabration! Come on in tonight and tomorrow for dinner. You don't want to have to wait another year, do you? #oyster #newengland #clambake, We can't believe the last week of Shellebration starts tomorrow! Had so much fun with the Singapore Chili Crab last week. Sketch courtesy of Mike Daikubara #shellebration #oyster #softshellcrab, Fondly remembering this week's amazing Peruvian Ceviche Mixto! Who else is excited for tomorrow and Tuesday's Shellabration? Beautiful drawing courtesy of Mike Daikubara! #shellabration #oyster #ceviche, Setting the boat up at The House of Blues tonight in support of #bignight2016!, Here is tonight's special: Maryland Crab Boil served with broiled oysters and crab fries #eatwithyourhands, Fresh crabs ready to go! Shellabrating our version of a Maryland Crab Boil tonight and tomorrow night #stillkicking, This week we are shellabrating Sicily with out version of a Fritto Misto. Available tonight and tomorrow night only, null, Week 1 was a blast! Join us next Monday and Tuesday for the Sicilian Fritto Misto Shellabration, Here it is, this week's Shellabration! Available tonight and tomorrow night only #clambake #clamfritters #brusselssprouts #newengland, Tbt to last year's New England Clam Bake. Only 4 days until the Shellabration begins! Get your Clam Bake on new week and again on Feb 29th/ Mar 1st. #clambake #shellabrategoodtimes #newengland, Happy Saturday everyone! B&G Oysters will be closed on Sunday the 10th and Monday the 11th. So plan your day with us today! Reservations are still available, Don't forget to book your reservations for the up coming Big Shellebration! It's going to be 7 weeks of great food. Join us on Monday and Tuesday nights starting on January 18th until March 1st. #shellabration #oyster #newengland, Just a little over a week until The Big Shellabration! Get ready folks! January 18th kicks off the fun with our New England Clam Bake! Each week is different and each week is delicious! Reserve now., A few photos from New Year's Eve. Thank you to everyone who joined us!, null, Come warm up on this cold snowy day at @bandgoysters! We are serving our clam chowder and lobster bisque to warm you up! #snow #bisque #lobster #clamchowder, Blue cod for days, Happy holidays everyone! Just a friendly reminder, B&G Oysters will only open for lunch on Christmas Eve, and we will be closed for lunch and dinner on Christmas Day., Happy holidays everyone! Just a friendly reminder, we will be open for lunch only on Christmas Eve and will be closed for lunch and dinner on Christmas Day., What a great video! http://www.nytimes.com/video/dining/100000004082419/in-the-kitchen-with-barbara-lynch.html, Reservations are still available for New Year's Eve. The special menu is available to view on our website: www.bandgoysters.com, Thank you Boston Magazine for naming B&G Oysters one of Boston's 50 Best Restaurants! Congratulations to our sister restaurant Menton for also making the list. Get ready for lots of surprises in 2016..., Let the countdown begin! Celebrate New Year's Eve at B&G Oysters #newyearseve #2016 #oysters #surfandturf, This holiday season let our team take care of your team! Come on in to enjoy the holidays with our Classic New England Pre-Fixe Lunch and share it with the ones you love. #holidays #winter #oysters, Don't get Black Friday blues, get blue cod! #bluecod #blackfriday #boston, You have to love The Butcher Shop with posts like this. Get your thanksgiving orders in before Friday or you'll be stuck with this turkey., Are you looking for some of the freshest, beefiest hen of the woods mushrooms in Boston? Well then come by B&G tonight for dinner. Our forager came through in a big way and dropped off 40lbs of some of the nicest mushrooms we've seen! #mushrooms #henofthewoods #locallyforaged, Stop by for lunch and come grab our new Calamari Fritti Parmigiana with eggplant caponata and calabrian chile purée. #friedcalamari #calabrianchile #bandglunch #eggplant, The South End's most iconic patio is wrapping up its season soon. Join us today and take advantage of the warm weather!, After a two year hiatus the famous B&G carrot cake, with toasted hazelnuts and cream cheese buttercream frosting, is back in action. #carrotcake #buttercream #hazelnuts, B&G Oysters is excited to be a part of Wellfleet OysterFest. Here is our oyster shucker Alex crushing it! Wish him luck as he moves on to the next round, Practice makes perfect. Our team is prepping for this weekend's Wellfleet Oyster Fest oyster shucking competition, We're taking over Waltham Street this Sunday...rain or shine! Tickets are still available at https://earum-et.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest-2015, Join us today as we celebrate our 12th anniversary! Say the phrase "Happy Birthday B&G" and receive a dozen oysters for $12., Summer forever at B&G!, Come join us for a lovely patio lunch with our new Heirloom Tomato Grilled Cheese with taleggio and bacon jam on toasted milk bread. Also featuring a touch of sangrita. #boston #summer #patiolife #grilledcheese #bacon #sangrita, Arguably, the best item we've ever had on our menu... butter-poached lobster with chorizo bread crumbs and grilled summer corn., Out of the cure and into the smoker, our house smoked Faroe Island salmon gets a quick rinse. #smokedsalmon #faroeislandsalmon #saltcured #summer, That time of the year is coming once again! Join the The Butcher Shop for Harvest Fest this fall!, Our patio will be closed tonight for a private event. Instead come join us for oysters at our marvelous counter inside!, Hey oyster fans come on over to B&G Oysters on National Oyster day, August 5th, for $2 chef's choice oysters from 2-5!!!, Check out these brand new dishes here at B&G Oysters. We have out House Smoked Salmon Toasts with squid ink rye, scrambled eggs and caviar and our Black Pepper Bigoli & Manilla Clam, with house made Tasso Ham. #summer  #newfood #salmon #clams #patiolife #bandgoysters, Oyster of the month! These tasty Belon oysters from Ipswich, MA may have just left us, but they left their mark with flavor. Keep an eye out for them at #bandgoysters #oysters #oysterofthemonth #patiolife #summer, New menu items! Come try our new Stuffed Deviled Crab with cornbread and calabrian chili. #crab #cornbread #summer #bandgoysters, Summer is in full swing at B&G. This week we have a killer special: whole baked lobster topped with shaved celery salad, served with a side of shishito peppers, The Barbara Lynch Gruppo is hiring! We are having a Front of the House Open House at No. 9 Park on Friday July 10th @ 12-2pm. Follow the link to view all positions, What a night! Congrats to Thames Street and Lure! See you next year... #lobsterrumble, Made with love #lobsterrumble, This crew means business... Let's do this! #lobsterrumble, The whole crew is here, setting up for the #LobsterRumble Wish us luck!, Thank you Improper Bostonian Magazine for featuring our current favorite dish, the Crab Tagliatelle., We are so excited to participate again! Prep starts in less than 24 hours. So much lobster... #LobsterRumble, Thank you USATODAY+me for mentioning B&G's legendary lobster roll. What do you think? #teammassachusetts or #teammaine ?, Spring is here! #notjustoysters, We have chosen BL Gruppo ( Barbara Lynch Foundation) as our charity for Reserve Week. Help us raise money for a good cause while enjoying delicious food and drink from Sunday, April 26th to Saturday, May 2nd by booking through Reserve. Visit reserveweek.com to download the app and get started! #dineridedogood, Happy Marathon Monday!! Good luck to all of the #bostonmarathon participants, and thank you to all of the volunteers and law enforcement for keeping the city and runners safe today!, One of Boston's best patios opens tomorrow! We hope you can join us #patioseason, Spring into our latest dessert: Ricotta And Blueberry Bombolone #notjustforoysters #savesomeroom, We are so excited to host our #100opentables winner and their guests!! Thank you @opentable for including us in your contest!, Toques & Tonic is only two weeks away! Tickets are flying get them while they're hot! https://explicabo-24008.ticketbud.com/toques-tonic, So glad to have Ameztoi Rubentis Txakolina back by the glass! You know what that means... Patio season is near!!☀️, To celebrate their new brand and logo, OpenTable is giving away dinners at 100 restaurants in 30 cities, all in 1 night!. Enter for a chance to win a family-style four-course New England Classics Dinner with wine pairings for 4 guests here: http://bit.ly/1NEwI2H. See all tables at: www.100opentables.com, The northeast is defrosting! (we did have 50 degree weather today!) MA oysters are back!! Katama, Pleasant Bay, Riptide and Standish Shore just to name a few!, Great article with our very own Chef Stephen, Sun's out, snow's melting, and we have new dish this week! B&G's latest twist on spaghetti and meatballs with house-made pappardelle, market squid polpette and eggplant bolognese #happymonday, The gang's all here! "Spring Forward" with champagne and oysters and cross your fingers that spring is actually around the corner!, Chef Jon shucking like crazy at the #tasteofthesouthend this past Tuesday!, Yummmmm!, Thank you Boston for shellabrating with us all winter! Spring will be here before you know it and we're getting ready. Stay tuned..., It's #tbt and we are sharing a memory from our week 1 #shellabration - New England Clambake with fried brussels sprouts and Rhody Clam Cakes. If you missed it, or even if you made it, come join us next Monday and Tuesday when we are bringing it back! Reservations can be made here:

http://m.opentable.com/restaurants/b-and-g-oysters/17746?Rid=17746&EarlyPoints=0&ExactPoints=0&LaterPoints=0&OfferConfirmNumber=0&ChosenOfferId=0, Yet another beautiful rendition of our #shellabration from artist, Mike Daikubara. Thanks again Mike! Hope you didn't miss the Maryland Crab Bash. It was messy. It was fun. It was #summerinthesnow., We are OPEN! If you are in the area and don't happen to have clam chowder at your house, you know where to go! #openinbos #loveonmain #snowyoysters, Shellabration continues tonight at B&G! For Week 5 we are having Banana Leaf Steamed Catfish with Coconut Curry Mussels & Scallop Spring Roll, Swing by for some Oysters and then make your way down to Fort Point for some Pasta at Sportello and Cocktails at Drink, If you're stuck in the city today, plan on joining us! We will be open for lunch and dinner service. Mmmm...chowdah!, Due to the weather conditions, we will be closed for dinner service tonight. B&G will reopen Tuesday morning at 11:30. Our sincerest apologies for any inconvenience. Have a safe evening!, null, Yes we are open! We're bringing the tropical heat with this week's Shellabration, Puerto Rican Chillo Frito served with lechon rice and beans and papaya mofongo, null, null, Here it is, the talented Mike Daikubara's rendering of tonight's special Fritto Misto #shellabration, We're back and excited about our Shellabration tonight! We are featuring the Fritto Misto, arguably the best one yet., Due to the Winter Weather and the MBTA Shutdown, B&G Oysters will be CLOSED on Tuesday, January 27th. We plan to re-open for lunch on Wednesday, January 28th at 11:30 AM., Though we are closed tomorrow, #shellabration is STILL ON for tonight and we have plenty of availability.  Call us at 617.423.0550 to secure a reservation.  We will also be extending #shellabration to Wednesday Evening this week!

We are featuring these beautiful Dorade as part of our Fritto Misto.  Served with Pork and Fennel Lasagna and Warm Squash Salad for $45 per person., null, Thanks to all of you who attended #shellabration Week 2.  We hope you enjoyed our take on Paella Valenciana.  We are excited to share this artist's rendering of our dish.  Thanks Mike Daikubara for capturing this moment for us.  See more of Mike's work at http://sketchmikesketch.blogspot.com/, https://www.flickr.com/photos/daikubara and http://daikubara.com/.

Stay tuned for Mike's rendering of #shellabration Week 3 when we present our take on the Italian Classic, Fritto Misto,  Served with Fennel and Pork Lasagna & Warm Squash Salad.  Thanks to @Mike Daikubara, The finished product! Join us tonight for the last night of Paella Valenciana #shellabration, Chef Jon's ready to shellabrate as he prepares tonight's special Paella Valenciana, Oh yes, it's happening! Check out this monster seafood tower now available for lunch and dinner. The High Rise includes oysters, cherrystones, littlenecks, shrimp cocktail, snow crab claws, crabmeat cocktail, and house ceviche., Mon & Tue Shellabration Dinner Special:
Paella Valenciana w/ Pulpo a la Gallega & Papas Bravas, null, NE Clambake w/ RI clam cakes & housemade pork sausages. Available tonight & Tuesday only as a part of our #shellabration
Come on in!, Sausage at B&G Oysters? Yep! Getting ready for Shellabration this Monday and Tuesday, featuring our New England Clambake with Clam Cakes and Grilled Pork Sausage., Only 2 days left! Have you made your reservation yet? #shellabration, We're now taking reservations for our 2nd annual Shellabration! 
Important links:
Further Info & Full Schedule: www.bandgoysters.com/shellabration
To reserve online: www.bandgoysters.com/reservations, Cat Silirie our James Beard Award winning Wine Director talks to Boston Chefs about the small-grower champagne list at B&G Oysters, null, Planning where to spend your New Year’s Eve? Come to B&G and enjoy one of the world’s most beloved food and wine pairings..

Call 617-423-0550 to reserve
More Information & Full Menu: http://bandgoysters.com/home, B&G Fresh Pasta Making, The legendary B&G New England Clam Chowder. Taste what the world is raving about., Stop by tonight and try our newest entrée, the decadent Bouillabaisse. A medley of fresh mussels, clams, blue cod, and fried oysters. Finished with a saffron broth, Turkey sandwiches at B&G Oysters? Only the best one in town. Introducing our newest lunch addition, the Pan Griddled Turkey Club., It's perfect chowder weather today! But check out these awesome new additions to our menu. We are excited about our Smoked Salmon Carpaccio topped with radishes, lemon yogurt and puffed wild rice. This week we're also rolling out Smoked Shrimp Fritters as well as the delicious Warm Apple Tart. Hope to see you all soon!, You don't have to dress up to enjoy Alba's finest...check out this great event from our friends at Sportello, We are beyond thrilled to be one of Boston Magazine's Best Restaurants in Boston. Check out the full list which also includes our sister restaurants Menton and No. 9 Park, We're crazy for squash. Start your meal with our Butternut Squash Salad, served with spiced walnuts and pickled cranberries. We are also delighted to feature the Roasted Squash Cannelloni topped with Jonah crab, brown butter and fried sage, Celebrate fall with us! We have amazing new additions to our menus, Congrats to Chef Stephen for snagging fourth place in the shucking competition at Ryleigh's Oyster Fest held by Ryleigh's Oyster Federal Hill!!!!, What a great #tbsharvestfest! Thank you to all of our friends who joined us to celebrate the fall season! What a fantastic day! See you soon!, We are so excited to be participating in Ryleigh's Oyster Federal Hill annual  Oysterfest this weekend! Check out this video of Bernarda and Julio getting ready by going head to head in a speed shucking competition!, Back to where it all began! Steph Cmar Party of Two joined B&G Oysters in 2009 as a line cook. We're so excited she's stopping by & bringing killer new donut flavors to Harvest Fest. Better get those tickets now!  , ON THE MENU TONIGHT! We're hosting a Celebrate Seafood for the New England Aquarium’s Sustainable Seafood Program! Special 4-course menu offering including Dungeness crab, Sunny's Seafood Arctic char, spaghetti with clams, grilled market squid, Pat Woodbury littleneck clams, mahi-mahi, and lots of veggies! 

TONIGHT! 5-11 p.m. $55 (optional wine pairing is $30). 
Call 617-423-0550 to make a reservation.  , Look what we're cooking up at #tbsharvestfest.  Sunday, October 5th.  Get your tickets  now! , Check out another awesome Barbara Lynch Gruppo Restaurant Event.  Sportello is connecting the East and West Coast via Noodles, We're ready to rock & roll! Check out the official 2014 commemorative Harvest Fest poster! Designed by our very own assistant general manager, Danny Rodriguez. We'll have posters for sale at the party, along with endless small plates from 20+ restaurants & purveyors, small-grower wines, local craft beers from Harpoon Brewery, and festive activities. Join us on 10.5.14! #tbsharvestfest 

MORE INFO: http://thebutchershopboston.com/menus/harvest-fest/. 
TICKETS: https://thebutchershopboston.ticketbud.com/harvest-fest, "The salmon is slamming!" New to the dinner menu is Faroe Island Salmon en Papillote, served with heirloom tomatoes, oil cured olives, and fennel, Drum roll please.....here is the video drawing of the #tasteofthegruppotour winner!, Cancel your plans and join us at B&G tonight! We have an insane new entree: Crispy Whole Branzino served with a fennel and citrus salad with sauce caramello, We hope you enjoyed the Clam Frites!  Thank you to all of our customers who joined us during the #tasteofthegruppotour.  We are announcing the winner this Friday, so keep your fingers crossed.  The winner will receive an all-inclusive partay around The Block at Drink., Check out this great event we are participating in with our sister restaurant The Butcher Shop, MMMMMmmmmm....Look at this AMAZING event our team at Menton is hosting!  You know how we love our champagne here at B&G Oysters.  

http://mentonboston.com/menus/champagne-butter-dinner/, Come join us in this end of summer heat and enjoy a selection from our Rainbow of Rosés.  Annie and Hilary can't drink them alone!, null, Have you completed your #tasteofthegruppotour yet? Try our clam frites with cockles and grilled corn..., Chef Stephen Oxaal showing us the proper way to break down some local striped bass. Come try it out at B&G this week! Served with asparagus, fava beans and an almond gremolata., Check out Boston Magazine's article featuring the Taste of the Gruppo Tour:

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/08/19/taste-barbara-lynch-gruppo-tour/, Our special Taste of the Gruppo Lunch menu is out of this world! Have you made your reservations yet?

3-Course Prix-Fixe Lunch Menu $30

First Course: choice of
Watermelon and Heirloom Tomato Salad, feta cheese, mint, cucumber
or
Clam Frites, cockles, corn, fine herbes frites

Second Course: choice of
Fried Fish Sandwich, brioche bun, horseradish aïoli, old bay chips
or
Seared Yellowfin Tuna Loin, blonde gazpacho, summer bean salad, pickled champagne grapes

Dessert Course: choice of
Chocolate Mousse, heath bar crunch, olive oil, sea salt
or
Lemon Meringue Tartlet, lemon curd, brulée meringue, Ready for new lunch and dinner selections? This week we are kicking off summer corn season with our Grilled Corn Cannelloni topped with sautéed mussels. The new Blueberry Tartlet is amazing, topped with local blueberries. And last but certainly not least, the Chocolate Mousse is back! Topped with our house-made heath bar crunch., The staff proudly donates and participates in #ALSicebucketchallenge! We nominate The Butcher Shop, Sportello, Drink, Stir, Menton, No. 9 Park, 9 at Home, and Chef Barbara Lynch! You have 24 hours!!!, B&G Oysters gets nominated to participate in the #ALSicebucketchallenge!, Taste of the Gruppo Tour kicks off this Sunday! Have you made your lunch reservations yet? The special menu is amazing:

3-Course Prix-Fixe Lunch Menu $30

First Course: choice of
Watermelon and Heirloom Tomato Salad, feta cheese, mint, cucumber
or
Clam Frites, cockles, corn, fine herbes frites

Second Course:  choice of
Fried Fish Sandwich, brioche bun, horseradish aïoli, old bay chips
or
Seared Yellowfin Tuna Loin, blonde gazpacho, summer bean salad, pickled champagne grapes

Dessert Course: choice of
Chocolate Mousse, heath bar crunch, olive oil, sea salt
or
Lemon Meringue Tartlet, lemon curd, brulée meringue, Summer is still going strong at B&G, and we have exciting new additions to the dinner menu, perfect for this scorching heat! Try the Summer Melon Salad, with cantaloupe and a fried crab polpetti. The Seared Yellowfin Tuna with petit pork sausage and haricot vert is perfect for patio dining!, Lunches at B&G have never been better! Heirloom tomatoes are back as well as the Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho, topped with a seared scallop, black olive croutons, and yellow watermelons.  For all of you non-seafood lovers, the delicious Avocado BLT is our newest addition! 

This week we are also kicking off the start of a special 3 course lunch menu available Mondays-Fridays for 35.00 per person! 
Introducing B&G Oysters New England Classics Prix-Fixe Menu:

FIRST COURSE:
6 Chef's Choice East Coast Oysters 

SECOND COURSE:
Cup of Chowder 
or
Snap Pea Salad

THIRD COURSE:
Fish and Chips
or
Classic BLT, Coming soon...Taste of the Gruppo Tour! Read all about it..., null, Amazing new dishes on our menu, perfect for summer! Faroe Island Salmon with dill polenta, squid ink and eggplant purée, and chanterelles. For dessert we now have a delicious Strawberry Tartlet!, Need more convincing? Check out Eater's experience at B&G! Great job as always Neptune Oyster!, Another great shout-out! Join us this weekend and enjoy one of Boston Magazines "50 Fantastic Al Fresco Spots to Visit This Summer."
, null, null, In observance of Independence Day, B&G Oysters will be closed on July 3rd and 4th. We will resume service on Saturday July, 5th at noon. Hope to see you then!, Amazing new additions to our menu! Join us for lunch and try the Crispy Soft Shell Crab BLT. For lunch and dinner we are also offering the Ricotta Gnocchi with Maine sea urchin and pea pesto. Leave room for dessert and enjoy the Brillat Savarin Cheesecake., null, A new find! B&G's very first New Zealand oyster, the refreshing and delicious Kaipara., Crazy weekend? Recover with us! We'll take care of ya..., Come in for our fried Judith calamari with spicy aioli. $1 from each item sold will benefit the Barbara Lynch Foundation., Looks like a winnah to us! Wish us luck!, On site and setting up! Proud to be only restaurant representing Massachusetts! Going for the gold #lobsterrollrumble, Car's loaded! See you all in NYC! #lobsterrollrumble, It's a dirty job.... #lobsterrollrumble, And so we begin.... 1000 lobster rolls, no problem! #lobsterrollrumble, If you're in NYC this week, come see us at the Lobster Roll Rumble! Follow us here as we go for the win!, Let's get Summer started!, To all the wonderful B&G friends and family, to those we see every week in the restaurant, to those who come whenever they are in town, to those who keep in touch here on this facebook: thank you so much for a wonderful 7 years, you have made this so much more than a job for me. I have loved getting to know all of you and will miss you all very much.  

Much Love,
Jen, After a very insightful and instructional visit from Signora Fagiuoli of Montenidoli last week, we are delighted to now be pouring her Fiore Vernaccia by the glass!  Perfect for spring/summer!, A very, very Happy Mother's Day to the hard-working moms on our team: Melissa, Bernarda, Patricia and Yenny! You rock!, Nice video interview with Chef Barbara from the Boston Globe.  

http://www.bostonglobe.com/food-dining/food/2014/05/08/barbara-lynch-wins-james-beard-award/uw9yQg5C33eSpSflxG5sfK/video.html, How wonderful to welcome winemaker Elisabetta Fagiuoli, of Montenidoli in Tuscany to our first patio wine words of the season. Signora Fagiuoli was as dynamic and as poetic was the wines she makes. Such a treat; we look forward to sharing them with you soon!, Congratulations Chef Barbara! James Beard award winner for Outstanding Restaurateur!! Woohoo Cheffie!, Only a week until Mother's Day! Do you have plans to spoil mom? How about oysters and champagne? Give us a call for reservations; we'll be open for lunch and dinner., Is that the sun we feel on our oysters?  Time to open the patio!  Join us for an al fresco dinner tonight!, Thanks for your patience during our bathroom renovation.  It's coming along nicely, we hope to be done soon!, Gather 'round, dear friends, gather 'round.  

Tonight we pay tribute as we bid farewell to our Jackie.  Our original bartender, our matriarch, our most beloved team member.  Thank you, Jackie, you will be missed!, Stop by for lunch today; the patio is open and the rosé is flowing! #AlfrescoAfternoons, Whatcha' doing today?  Take a break from the marathon crowds and pop in to our Alfresco Afternoon patio party for some oysters and rosé! 2 to 5 pm, null, Exciting news, we are remodeling our guest bathroom , employee locker room and stairwell!  We will remain open throughout, so please forgive our appearance during this time, and stay tuned for our new look!, That's not patio weather :(. Day one of Alfresco Afternoons in April postponed until Monday!, We knew there was a chance our patio opening/kick off to Al Fresco Afternoons might get rained out, but we didn't think it would get snowed out:(.  
Postponed until Monday the 21st!, While Mother Nature was busy raining cats and dogs yesterday, our chefs were busy making dogs of their own:  the B&G Hot Dog that is! New on the lunch menu today: this is a Chicago-style Hot Dog, served with whole grain mustard, pickled fresno chilis and house-made relish on a poppy seed bun.  (Photo by our own Jackie Kain.), Starts Thursday, weather permitting!, It's getting close!  #PatioSeason #AlfrescoAfternoons. #TeamClean, April 17 - 30, 2014
Monday – Thursdays
2 - 5pm 

Gather with friends outside on the patio for first of the season rosés,  small bites and iced oysters on the half shell. All pricing a la carte.

standing room only.., New York based fans, be sure to get your tickets for the Lobster Roll Rumble; we'll be featuring the Lobster BLT this year!  

http://www.tastingtable.com/entry_detail_pseudo/national/events/lobster-rumble-2014/tickets , Did you make it in for Dine Out Boston?  Last chance is today! Lunch until 3:30, dinner from 5 'til close, Seared sea scallop with arugula purée and fennel--a featured entree on the DineOutBoston dinner menu., Our house-made orecchiette with cauliflower crema, toasted pinenuts and golden raisins. Available on both the lunch AND dinner Dine Out Boston special menus., It's lunch time! Take a bite out of our beer-battered fish sandwich. Available as part of our Dine Out Boston Menu (3 courses for $25) or a la carte as well.  Our Dine Out Boston lunch specials are available this week and next until 3:30 (Sorry, not offered on Saturday), Do you have your reservations for DineOutBoston yet (formerly known as Restaurant Week)?  It kicks off this coming Sunday; we'll be serving a $25 3-course lunch from opening until 3:30 pm and a $38 3-course dinner from 5 pm until close, as well as our regular a la carte menus. Sorry, no Saturdays., It's a sure sign of spring; our winter series is coming to an end.  Be sure to join us this coming Monday or Tuesday night  for the last #BigShellabration of the season: The New England Clambake.  Lobster for everyone!, What's so great about Friday? Well it's followed by Saturday and on Saturday there are Chef Stephanie Cmar' s Stacked Donuts at The Butcher Shop.  Starts at 9 am! See you in line!, Thanks to all who came out over the last few days to feast on crabs!  Only one week left of #TheBigShellabration: an encore presentation of the New England Clambake!  Lobster, clams, chorizo, mussells, potato and onion in one big pot! Monday and Tuesday nights only, while quantities last. Call now for reservations!  617-423-0550, Hope to see you tonight at Taste of the South End! We'll be there!, It's the #BigShellabration we've been waiting for--crab, crab and more crab!  Join us tonight and tomorrow for Maryland Crab Boil, served with Crab Beignets and Crab Fries. 5pm until they're gone!, The Donuts are back! Chef Stephanie Cmar's  donut pop up, Stacked Donuts is hitting the South End again tomorrow and Sunday mornings, beginning at 9 am. They sold out fast last week, so come early!  (Cash only, please), Wow! You all really love Singapore Chilli Crab!  Due to the overwhelming response on Monday and Tuesday night, Chef has exceptionally decided to extend the #BigShellabration for one more night! So pop in tonight for an encore presentation of our  Singapore Chilli Crab: deep-fried soft-shell crab topped with a sweet tomato chili sauce. We  serve it with seared bok choy in a savoury lime sauce, coconut nice cake and achat ( turmeric pickled veg.)  $35 per person; served family style beginning at 5 pm while quantities last (Photo above serves 4 people), Great story!  http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/02/18/279250013/worlds-largest-oyster-is-size-of-a-mans-shoe?ft=1&f=1007, Singapore Chilli Crab, plated here family-style for 4 people.  We're at it again tonight, beginning at 5 pm, while quantities last, so come see us!, Monday blues got you down? Don't be crabby, come party with us at #TheBigShellabration as we head across the seas for Singapore Chilli Crab! Tonight and tomorrow beginning at 5 pm, while quantities last,  Bon Appétit Magazine & @andrewoknowlton we're blushing! What an honor to be included in such a great list of restaurants. Thanks!, So excited to have our Chef Stephanie back in the South End!  Check out the Stacked Donuts pop-up at The Butcher Shop this weekend and the following two weekends as well!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/02/18/stephanie-cmars-stacked-donuts-is-popping-up.php, The next round is live!  Click here to play The Oyster Games!

https://www.facebook.com/Pangeashellfish?fref=ts, null, Portuguese Caldeirada is a traditional fisherman's stew; hearty, warming and spicy--perfect whether you've been trawling the seas or schlepping the snow-covered city streets!  Ours is laden with octopus, pork belly, littleneck clams, potatoes, monkfish, garlic and paprika. And its only available for one more night as part of this weeks #BigShellabration. Come see us and let us take care of dinner!, Doesn't this look inviting? Come dream of the warm waters and  coastal villages of the Algarve, as #TheBigShellabration travels to Portugal tonight and tomorrow when we present the Caldeirada! Chef's interpretation of this traditional fishermans stew is sure to include, clams, mussels, squid, as well as lots of garlic and paprika.  Beginning at 5pm, Snow, rain, sleet--what is this weather?   One thing we know for sure, it's soup weather!  Stop by any time today and mention the password "SLUSH" to your server and we'll reward you with a warming cup of chowder.  See you soon!, My how time flies! #TheBigShellabration is just sailing away--only 4 weeks left!   Be sure to join us next Monday and Tuesday nights beginning at 5 pm as we travel to Portugal for Caldeirada; the quinitessential fisherman's stew.   Served with an appetizer and a side, $35 per person, while quantities last., CRAWFISH!   Come and get 'em!  Tonight only  #TheBigShellabration, #TheBigShellabration heads to The Big Easy with our Louisiana Crawfish Boil! Served with crab hushpuppies and buttermilk-fried okra and plenty of cold Abita beer on special! Starting at 5 pm and servered until they're gone., What are you having for dinner tonight? You could be here feasting on crawfish and crab hushpuppies at The Big Shellabration.  Not to worry if you missed it, night two is tomorrow!, #TheBigShellabration is headed back to the US, as we gear up for next week's Cajun Crawfish Boil.  Sides of crab hushpuppies and fried okra will round out the menu and we've stocked up on Abita's Jockamo IPA as well!  Monday and Tuesday night beginning at 5 pm, while quantities last.   Call 617-423-0550 for reservations., null, http://www.bravotv.com/top-chef/season-11/fan-favorite

Today's is the last date to vote for No 9 Park Sous Chef Stephanie Cmar for the Bravo Top Chef Fan Favorite.  After all , she did master frying the perfect oyster during her days as Sous Chef here at B&G!, Snow, what snow? Yes we are open! Stop by and keep Nick company today!, Three whole bronzino about to hit the fryer for a triple order of our #BigShellabration Fritto Misto. Also featuring shrimp, calamari, brussels sprouts and shisito peppers, and served with family style sides of Eggplant Caponata and Artichoke Romano.  Last night is tonight so hurry by!, Line Cook JC plates up the Fritto Misto last night as part of our #BigShellabration series. We'll be serving it again tonight, along with magnums of one of our favorite Sicilian whites from Tenuta Delle Terre Nere!  5pm 'til close, Big wine for the #BigShellabration! To accompany our fritto misto we're pouring magnums of Tenuta Delle Terre Nere Vigne Delle Niche by the glass!  Tonight and tomorrow night, while it lasts., It's a BIG Shellabration with this family style fritto misto for 3 about to head out to some hungry diners!  Whole fried branzino, calamari, brussels sprouts, shisito peppers and shrimp, with spicy sauce caramelo.  Tonight and tomorrow only!, More snow??  Bah!  Time for a little arm-chair travel to warmer climates.  Join us tonight beginning at 5pm for a culinary trip to Sicily as we Shellabrate with Fritto Misto! Tomorrow night too., https://www.facebook.com/Pangeashellfish?sk=app_190322544333196&app_data

It's week three; have you played?  , null, Have you gotten your tickets for The Barbara Lynch Foundation's Toques and Tonic party on February 7th? Our own Chef Stephen will be one of the featured chefs! 
 To buy tickets follow this link     http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/b&g/498171
and enter the promo code blgf&f for a 10% friends and family discount!, Chef Jon is busy putting the final touches on prep for tonight's Big Shellabration--Paella Valenciana.   Last night tonight, so don't miss out!, And a few of our favorite Spanish wines --txakoli and bobal--on special!, Paella Valenciana tonight!, We're shellabrating Spain tonight!   Join us for Paella Valenciana, Pulpo a Fiera and Papas Bravas.  Tomorrow night too!   And a few of our favorite Spanish wines (txakoli and bobal) to boot., What are you doing for dinner?   Come have Paella with us!  #TheBigShellabration. #FamilyStyle!, Are you ready for Paella?  #TheBigShellabration. Monday and Tuesday beginning at 5 pm.  Limited quantities available, so come early! 617-423-0550 for reservations, This weather has us dreaming of warmer climates--climates like the sunny hills of Spain.   So we're taking the Big Shellabration to foreign shores, the Costa Valencia to be precise. Join us on Monday and Tuesday of next week for Paella night:  $35 per person for Paella Valenciana accompanied by patatas bravas and octopus a la siera.  617-423-0550 for reservations, Valentine's Day 2014 Prix Fixe Menu, “Week 2 Oyster Games Hint: This local oyster hails from Massachusetts.”

https://www.facebook.com/Pangeashellfish/app_190322544333196, Round two of the Oyster Games is posted!  Click here to play! 
https://www.facebook.com/Pangeashellfish/app_190322544333196, To all you who trekked out in the snow to enjoy last night's Low Country Boil (and there were quite a few!)  GOOD SHOW!  To the rest of you: we'll see you next week for Paella, no?  #TheBigShellabration, Low Country Boil for two.  Shrimp, whole crab, baked oysters, sausage and potatoes.  With sides of cheddar grits and braised collard greens. Worth braving the weather!  Starts at 5 pm. $35/ person, Let's Shellabrate the low-country!  Tonight and tomorrow 5 pm until gone!, So what's up with this funny alternative name for the Low Country Boil:  Frogmore Stew?  As it happens, Frogmore is a small community located on St Helena's Island, off the South Carolina Coast, and deep in the heart of the low country.   No frogs involved!  Come see for yourself on Monday and Tuesday night when we serve up this classic seafood feast for a crowd--$35/person., We're headed south, south to the Low Country!   Join us on Monday and Tuesday for the seafood feast known as the Low Country Boil (also known to some as Frogmore Stew)  $35/person.  Please call 617-423-0550 for reservations, Did you miss out on this week's New England Clambake Big Shellabration? No worries, we're back at it next week with The Low Country Boil.  Join us on Monday and Tuesday nights as we shellabrate the humble shrimp!, Building the perfect clambake; step one : seaweed bed, step two: layer in chorizo, red bliss potatoes and pearl onions, step three: top with mussels steamers and lobster.  Step 4, grab a bib, a pal and dig in!  Tonight --5pm to close.  Let's Shellabrate!, It's here!  New England Clambake starts at 5pm. $35 per person!  Tonight and tomorrow only., “Oyster Games Hint #1: these oysters are full of meat and have a sweet cucumber finish. http://on.fb.me/19WhSlx”, https://www.facebook.com/Pangeashellfish/app_190322544333196
Follow the link to play!, null, null, null, null, Oyster Farming is always hard work, but it's particularly rough in the winter, especially if you are diving to harvest! The team over Blue Island Oyster Company brings in the Naked Cowboys and Blue Island Oysters which appear frequently on the B&G raw bar.  Check out this amazing album of them ice diving, then pop over to B&G to enjoy the fruits of their labor. 

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.737883666224206.1073741842.145452252134020&type=1, How are those New Year's Resolutions coming along? How about this one: Eat More Seafood!   We can help you with that; stop by The Big Shellabration every Monday and Tuesday night through the winter. Coming up first--The New England Clambake., Ready to play?, Does this weather have you dreaming of long summer afternoons by the shore? Us too! That's why we'll be kicking of our Big Shellabration with a perfect ode to summer: The Maine Clambake!  Grab some pals and join us next Monday and Tuesday nights for the quintessential New England seafood feast! $35 oer person, served family style., Friends we'll be closing tonight at 4pm for the annual BL Gruppo  Holiday party, and all day Monday as well, so our crew can rest up from all the festivities!  See you on Tuesday!, Digging out is hungry work!  Stop by after you're done shoveling for some Ipswich Clams, hot out of the fryer, and a restorative glass of the newest Harpoon Brewery 100 Barrel Series--Polskie Mastne., null, Need soup today? We've got you covered! Tuscan Bean and Kale, Clam Chowder, Squash and Crab Bisque and Bouillabaisse.  #openinboston, Whooo. What a New Years Eve!  Thanks to all who came out to celebrate with us last night. We'll be closed all day today; reopening again on Thursday for lunch service. Have a great day and see you tomorrow!, Happy New Year Friends!, have you made your new years plans? We have one 4-top left for the Diamonds and Pearls Soirée, and a few seats early in the first seating. We'll have very limited walk in availability tomorrow night, so please call if you'd like to join us., null, null, Keep the party going  at our  New Years Eve Diamonds and Pearls Soirée.  Start your night with an open raw bar, settle in for a 4 course prix fixe dinner, and dance into the morning with DJ Butch Taylor.  And of course, we'll be toasting at midnight!   Tickets for the Diamonds and Pearls Soirée are $110 per person; exclusive of tax and gratuity.  Please call 617-423-0550 for reservations.   Seatings begin at 9:30 pm, We're back and we've missed you!  Pop in for lunch or dinner today and say hi to the crew, Friends we wish you a VERY merry Christmas!!   We will be closed on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and on the 26th as well so our crew may do a bit of celebrating of their own. Have a wonderful holiday, and we look forward to seeing you on the 27th!, Can you believe Christmas is almost here? We'll be open until 4 pm on Christmas Eve, then closed on the 25th and 26th for our annual winter break.  Happy holidays everyone!, Night owls, join us after 9pm and party until the wee hours. Tickets for our New Years Celebration include an open raw-bar,  4-course prix fixe, champagne toast at midnight, and dancing with DJ Butch Taylor.   Tickets available by phone (no on-line reservations for the 2nd seating) so please give us a call at 617-423-0550 to reserve your spot now!, Early birds, join us between 5 and 8:30 pm for your choice of our a la carte menu or the following four-course tasting menu for $75.    Call 617-423-0550 or click the above OpenTable link for reservations

 TUNA BELLY CRUDO
 Peppercress, Hazelnut Dukkah.

RAVIOLI DI OUVO, 
Porcini Mushrooms, Black Truffle, Herb Butter

SEARED DAYBOAT SCALLOP
 Boudin Noir, Celery Root, Pinenut Gremolata  

RICOTTA CHEESECAKE
 Quince, Shortbread, What's your New Years Eve style?  An early dinner, then snuggle by the fire, watching the ball drop  in Times Square?  Or are you more of dance the night away type of party fiend?  Whatever your celebratory style; B&G has you covered come December 31st!, Woooh!!  It's cold out there. Stop in today and mention the password "Soup Weather" and we'll reward u with a free cup of our warming clam chowder!  We open at noon today., Congratulations to the pastry team over at No. 9 Park for the Food & Wine shout for out for their black olive clafoutis. We especially love that the photo was taken by one of our own, server Jackie Kain! Isn't it gorgeous?

http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/americas-best-salty-sweet-desserts#!slide=19, Thank you Clarendon Square Bed & Breakfast for the love!  How appropriate on a brisk day like today, http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/

Check out Chef Stephen in this quick "Dorm Room Chef" video.  Chocolate cake in minutes!, Super excited to welcome DJ Butch to our New Years Eve Diamonds and Pearls Soirée !, Got your reservations yet? Call today, our fabulous reservationist, Randy, is waiting to hear from you!, null, Tickets for our New Years party: The Diamonds and Pearls Soirée are now available!    Tickets include open raw-bar upon arrival, a four-course prix fixe, midnight champagne toast, and dancing with our favorite dj, DJ Butch.  $150 per person, exclusive of tax and gratuity. Please call us at the restaurant for reservations  617-423-0550, It's that time of year; time to start thinking about New Years Eve plans!  Join us on December 31st for the Diamond and Pearls Soirée!  First seating between 5 and 8:30pm features a la carte and prix fixe menu, while our second seating, starting at 9 pm, will include entertainment, an open raw bar, 4 course prix fixe and a champagne toast at midnight.  Call 617-423-0550 for reservations., Take a break from the Black Friday madness and stop by for some lunch!  Moules Frites, anyone?, Happy Thanksgiving to all! We hope you are all having oyster-stuffing with your turkeys!  Just a reminder, we are closed all day today. See you tomorrow., Happy Thanksgiving Friends! We hope you enjoy your day and if that includes holiday shopping then we hope you consider the gift that gives back - tickets to the Relais & Chateau Grand Chef Gala and Toques & Tonic - both benefiting The Barbara Lynch Foundation. Tickets go on sale tomorrow, and because you're our friends you can save 10% off tomorrow 11/29 - Monday 12/2. 
http://barbaralynch.com/foundation/, Friends, we will be closing early tonight so our crew can head home and start up their own Thanksgiving preparations.  Last seating at 9 pm.  We're closed all day on Thanksgiving, then back at for regular lunch service at 11:30 on Friday. Enjoy the holiday!, Everyone loves a classic tuna melt. Check out our modernized version with house confited tuna, gouda cheese and arugula . #NewLunchMenu., It's soooo cold out; definitely soup weather!!!  Stop in for the new tuscan kale & bean soup with parmesan brodo and garlic bruschetta.    #NewLunchMenu served until 4 pm daily., When it comes to menu changes, premeal can be a lengthy affair. #NewLunchMenu.   Served until 4pm daily., Chef Stephen demonstrates plating of the Bouillabaisse to line cook, Brendan. #NewLunchMenu, We are very excited to roll out our new lunch menu tomorrow!  Some of your favorites are back, including the Crab Club Sandwich, and we've got great new dishes like a Tuscan Bean and Kale soup, perfect for crisp fall days!, What says fall more than apples? Try our new apple cake with crème fraîche and maple, This latest set of food photography is brought to you by our own server extraordinaire and professor of  photographer,  Jackie Kain.  Check out our newest bar snack: spiced nuts, Have you tried our Roasted Golden Beets yet?  Served over a pistachio purée, with sultanas, caraway crumble and greek yogurt. Perfect for fall!, New on the  dessert menu, a little pre-holiday decadence.  Our chocolate tablet with house-made fluff, graham crumble and lemon., Got plans for Sunday ?  Check out the Blender Bender, part of the Thirst Boston cocktail weekend.    Ted Kilpatrick of No 9, Ezra Starr of Drink go head to head with 10 other local bartenders in an epic Tiki battle!

http://www.eventbrite.com/event/8040420113, We were joined for lunch today by a group of gentlemen from St Louis, all decked out in Cardinals red.  A few of our regulars were enjoying their lunch a few tables down, and discretely paid for the Cardinals fans' wine, as a sign of respect for the team and the fans' loyalty.  #lessonsinhospitality #ourguestsrock!, Congratulations to our own Patrick Brenner as he starts his new position today, General Manager of the Butcher Shop!  Patrick, when you need your oyster fix, we are just across the way!, There's a chill in the air; soup weather is here! Pop in for a bowl of our New England Clam Chowder or Jonah Crab and Cauliflower Bisque., In town for The Head of the Charles?  Take a break from the crowds and stop by for some oysters!, Friends, we are closing early tonight for a private event; our last seating will be at 7 pm. Pop in and see us prior for your oyster cravings!, Chef Stephen and the mayor of Baltimore, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake at the 3rd Annual Baltimore Oyster Shucking Championship, Chef Stephen competing in the 3rd annual Baltimore Oyster Shucking Competion at Ryleigh's Oyster., Any baltimore-based B&G fans out there?  Come down to Ryleighs Oysterfest on Saturday and support Chef Stephen as he competes in the Baltimore Shucking Competion. 5pm in Federal Hill., Congratulations to Chef Barbara and the entire No 9 team (past and present) as they celebrate 15 amazing years!, All of the photos of The Blue Party are in from Mercure Photography and Wayne E. Chinnock Photography Co. Check out the whole album here!

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.534431109958436.1073741830.110704002331151&type=3, Speaking of Birthdays...our big sis No. 9 Park is celebrating their 15th anniversary this Saturday!  Check out info on their birthday bash listed below, Now that's a forecast!  The patio is open all week, come take advantage of this glorious weather with oysters al fresco and the last of the summer rose!, Congratulations to B&G alum, Javier, for taking second place in the Boston Seafood Festival Shucking Contest today, and to our repeat Oyster Invitational Shucking Champ, Iladio (Summer Shack) for his dominating win!!, Chef Stephen and Shucker Iza getting set for the 2nd heat of The Boston Seafood Festival Shucking Contest.  Let's go Team B&G!!, Anyone headed to the Boston Seafood Festival today? Chef Stephen and AM shucker Iza are competing in the shuckoff at 3:30!  Come down and cheer them on

http://bostonseafoodfestival.org/oyster-shucking-contest/, Also on the staffing front, we are delighted to welcome Jon Awerman to the Back of House team in the role of Sous-Chef. Jon will be training on the line over the next few weeks, so be sure to say hi!, Amongst all the anniversary celebrations, we have a few staffing updates to announce. First up, Congratulations to Osmand Lazo, who received his black apron after 3 months on the Oyster station.  Osmand, who moved up from the dish crew, quickly established himself as a fast and talented shucker, putting out plate after plate of perfectly pristine oysters after only a few days on the station.  Great job, Osmand!!, http://www.wecweddings.com/photobooth09182013

wonderful Blue Party photobooth pix from Wayne  Chinnock Photography!, Thanks to Jo Tango for sharing this wonderful story with us! , B&G Celebrates their 10th Anniversary in classic blue style! Live music by Erin Harte & the Delta Swingers.  Photography by Wayne Chinnock and Brendan Mercure, Today's the day; our anniversary party is here!  If you'd like to dine with us today please come down for lunch, or an early supper...last seating is 6:15!,  What are you wearing to The Blue Party?  Denim to seersucker, it all works, so long as it's Blue!, Blast from the past!  The entire crew at Oyster Invitational 2011  #10years #HappyBirthday, Continuing our walk down memory lane--another old menu, this one from 2005.  We still get comments about that Clam Stew!  #10years #happybirthday #TheBlueParty, GMs past & present, Justin and Jen at Spinazola in 2007. #10years  #HappyBirthday

Celebrate our birthday at The Blue Party, September 18th 9 to midnight, From 2008: Chef Barbara and Wine Director Cat Silirie chatting with guests! (Thanks to Justin Ide for the archive photo!) Come celebrate #10years of B&G evenings with us at #TheBlueParty on September 18th! Call 617-423-0550 for reservations, Another "gem" from the past--our first review!  

http://www.boston.com/dining/globe_review/880/, As we pass into our second decade, we've been looking back at our 1st decade:  through old menus, recipes, photos and clippings. Here's one of the first menus from 2003!  Come celebrate an amazing 10 years with us at The Blue Party on Wednesday, Sept 18th!, Ya'll  break out those blue suede dancing shoes.  Erin Harpe and the Delta Swingers will be joining us at The Blue Party on September 18th!  Call 617-423-0550 for tix., Fun surprises in store for you at The Blue Party!, null, We've partied with the team, now we want to celebrate our birthday with YOU! Come fete our anniversary at The Blue Party on September 18th from 9 to midnight.   Call 617-423-0550 for reservations., A few snapshots from our10th Birthday Party at Tasty Burger and Fenway!, One last reminder that we are closed today to celebrate our 10th Birthday we our fantastic team of cooks, servers, bussers, dishwashers, chefs and managers!  See you tomorrow, as we begin our 2nd decade of service., Just a reminder that we are celebrating Labor Day by letting our hard-working crew sleep in.  Especially the morning prep team, who are hard at work everyday by 8 am! No service today and tomorrow.   See you on Wednesday., Friends, B&G Oysters will be closed on Monday for the Labor Day Holiday, and on Tuesday as we celebrate our 10th Birthday with a team outing for our very hardworking staff!  Stay tuned for photos of the crew at Fenway, and please join us when we reopen for regular service on Wednesday, September 4th., It's International Bacon Day! Yes, you read that right, International Bacon Day!  The Boston Globe has put together a short list of 15 Amazing Plates of Bacon, and we are thrilled to be included for our Lobster BLT.  
http://www.bosto
n.com/lifestyle/food/2013/08/29/amazing-plates-bacon/JteVTGPQsEjHP4pQ2Ob5UP/story.html, Have you been in for Restaurant Week lunch yet? Only two days left!, Restaurant Week not your thing?  We've got you covered too! Pop in for dinner, when its business as usual., Do you have your restaurant week reservations squared away?  Join us for lunch, now through August 30th (not including Saturday) for a 3 course lunch for only $20.13!, Have you tried our newest line-caught swordfish dish?  With farro and rainbow carrots., New late summer menu items have arrived, including this new staff favorite : lobster raviolo with sweet corn, brown butter and pickled green strawberries, Menu changes mean staff meetings.  Line cook, Mike Buss, preps the new swordfish plate., Thank you to Conde Nast Traveler for this kind shout out!  We're diggin  all the south end love in this list with The Butcher Shop Toro and Boston Chops
http://www.cntraveler.com/features/2013/08/boston-travel-guide-hotels-restaurants-bars, Cloudy day got you down?  Our heirloom tomato salad will bring back your summer spirit!, Summer 2013 Restaurant Week Menu, Only one week until the start of restaurant week!  We'll be serving a 3 course lunch for $20.13.  Do you have your reservations yet?, Have you seen our newly redesigned website?  Www.bandgoysters.com. 
Mobile friendly, too!, Thank you Boston Magazine, that's lovely!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2013/bg-oysters-4/, Temps in the low 80s, beautiful sunny skies and only  moderate humidity? It's a perfect day for patio dining!  Pop in for an al fresco lunch... heirloom tomato gazpacho and shrimp cocktail, anyone?, Less than a month away from Boston's Summer Restaurant Week. We'll be serving a 3 course lunch for $20.13 as well as our regular menu from August 18-23 and 25-30. Sorry, menu not available on Saturdays.   Call now for reservations, or use the OpenTable link on our page. 617-423-0550, A huge "Congratulations!" to our hard-working friends and colleagues over at Drink who won the title "World's Best Bar" at last night's Spirited Awards in New Orleans. Bravo!, It's baaacck!  Come in a celebrate the new vintage of Cuvée Cat for B&G Oysters!, What a studious crew!  The staff reads up on our newest pink offering--rosado from Rioja, Did you know that our new valet service, Spin Valet, takes credit cards?  No more running to the ATM before dinner--all major cards accepted., A big thanks to the Improper Bostonian for this shout out as the city's best raw bar! 

"RAW BAR   B&G Oysters
Any night at a Barbara Lynch outpost is a night in good hands, and for the mollusk-obsessed, it doesn’t get any better. The menu’s got more than 12 different types of East and West Coast oysters, plus littleneck and cherrystone clams on the half shell. The backyard patio is heaven in the summer with a dozen Wellfleets and a glass of Chablis. Or sit at the pristine bar with a Mediterranean-inspired entrée such as Faroe Island salmon with ramp polenta, or the city’s best fried oysters.", B&G Oysters will be closed on the 3rd and 4th for staff holiday; we'll back in action on Friday morning at  11:30, We are very excited to kick of July with a brand-new partnership:  Spin Valet!, B&G Friends, we will be closed on Wednesday, July 3rd and Thursday July 4th so that our hard-working crew can have a little R&R of their own! Come see us for your oyster fix today and tomorrow., In honor of the first day of the  #31DaysofGermanRiesling, we'd like to introduce you to a few of our good friends, some of whom you may already know! Please meet Leitz Dragonstone, St Urbans-Hof Spatlese Ockefener Bockstein,  Christoffel Urzinger Wurzgarten and Mignes Froschkonig (or as we affectionately call him, The Frog King!), Now that's a line up! #SummerofRiesling, Summer produce is starting to roll in and that means exciting menu changes!  First up, a new Atlantic Hake with an assiette of garden beans and bagna cauda., http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/03/11/asked-and-answered-the-terroir-two/?_r= 

Continuing our saga of brothers: Andrew and Adam Mariani of Scribe Estate are currently reviving an antique property in Carneros, California. The original estate was founded by another pair of brothers--Julius and Emil Dresel--in 1858., Brothers Jean and Pierre  are the 12th generation of Trimbach winemakers in Alsace --not to mention old friends of B&G Oysters--carrying on the work of  their father Bernard and his brother Hubert, Our first wine words of the Summer of Riesling turned into a tale of brothers --Jean and Pierre Trimbach of Alsace, as well as Adam and Andrew Mariani of Carneros, California., This makes us so happy!, Here at B&G, we like to celebrate our favorite wines with fake ink, so we kicked off The Summer of Riesling with a tattoo party!  Managers Jen and Patrick model their new body art., Just a reminder that BOTH B&G and The Butcher Shop are closed this evening for a private function.  Please stay dry and we'll see you tomorrow!, Friends, we are closing today at 4 pm to set up for a private party tonight. We will reopen for lunch service tomorrow at 11:30. We apologize for any inconvenience, and hope to see you soon!, As a little pre-Summer of Riesling teaser, we have a new Italian riesling on our by the glass list!  Crisp, tart and tangy, it makes the perfect counterpoint to old fave Dragonstone!, How are you celebrating National Lobster day?  BostInno recommends our lobster BLT! 

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2012/06/13/national-lobster-day-is-coming-14-best-lobster-dishes-in-boston-that-dont-involve-the-word-roll/#ss__166802_1_9__ss, Summer is in the air--the summer of riesling, that is!!  Coming soon to an oyster bar near you..., We are experiencing some technical difficulties with our phone lines this morning. Please leave a voice mail at ext 10 if you can't get through and we will get back to you as soon as we can., Great shot of our rolls from the official Lobster Roll Rumble FB page!
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151675941834797&set=a.10151675940879797.1073741852.37469599796&type=3&theater, It's always exciting to have new faces join our crew, so we are thrilled to introduce two new team members who have finished training and are live on the floor! Please help us welcome Caitlin McLaughlin to the server team and Danny Rodriguez, our new Maitre D' of B&G Oysters!, A big Congratulations!! to our friends up at Eventide in Portland for winning the Editors Choice award at last night's Lobster Roll Rumble!, Amazing crowd at The Rumble! So fun to meet all these New York B&G fans!!, Round one! VIP hour, Chef Stephen whipping up the 1st batch of lobster salad for Lobster Roll Rumble, Giant lobsters making the rounds at the @Tasting Table Lobster Roll Rumble.  15 minutes until show time!, null, B&G is on the road; headed to Manhattan! Wish us luck in tonight's Lobster Roll Rumble at the Metropolitan Pavillion!  Got tix? Be sure to say hi to Chef Stephen!, Last chance to grab seats for tonight's pop up with Kristen Kish, we'll be closing reservations at 4 pm tonight.  Reopening for service tomorrow at 11:30, Turn your monday into a funday! Join us tonight for the Kristen Kish  popup dinner: 4 courses, with wine pairings all inspired by Kristen's time on TopChef!  Call 617-423-0550 for reservations: only a few spots available!, Exciting news--we've had  a few seats open up for tomorrow night's Kristen Kish popup dinner tomorrow night!   Give us a call at 617-413-0550 for reservations, Our favorite piece of the collection!, Chef Stephen and painter Kevin demonstrating proper croquette appreciation technique!, Brightly colored chunks of vegetable and octopus inside the croquette contrast with the charcoal shade of the squid ink; echoing the vibrant colors and dark slashes of Kevin's art., Spending the afternoon at Create2 at the BCAE. Chef Stephen created octopus croquettes with squid ink aioli to represent the work of painter Kevin Stanton., David and Hilary created extra shade with our "sails" to help folks beat the heat. Come in and take advantage of the nice shady patio!, Meet local artist, Kevin Stanton. He and  our own Chef Stephen are collaborating this weekend at Create 2. What happens when street art and fresh seafood collide? Head over to the BCAE on Sunday to find out!  Tix available here: http://createboston2013-eac2.eventbrite.com/, http://create-boston.com/

What are you doing on Sunday afternoon? Head over the to BCAE and join Chef Stephen and 5 other local chefs (including Chef Karen of Myers & Chang and Chef Brian of Citizen Public House) for an afternoon of art and food inspired by art! Tickets available via eventbrite.com, Friends, we are reaching the end of our One Fund Boston fundraiser. Want to contribute? Dine in ANY of the BL Gruppo restaurants today or tomorrow and one percent of your check will be donated to the Fund.  Retail and takeout purchases too!  Let's finish #BostonStrong!, Just a reminder, no dinner service tonight, as we are helping some hard working folks to celebrate their graduation with a private party.  Back at tomorrow, just in time for the heat wave! See you soon!, Friends, we will be closing this evening at 4 pm for a private event. We apologize for any inconvenience, and hope to see you soon!, Friends, please note that we will be closed tomorrow, Monday, for the Memorial Day Holiday, and will reopen for lunch on Tuesday.  Hungry for oysters? Pop in and see us today!, Oyster Shells in the news!

http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/21/science/oyster-shells-are-an-antacid-to-the-oceans.html?smid=tw-share, Yesterday at Wine Words, we did a little comparative fish tasting. Chef simply sauteed all of our fish offerings; then the staff went through them one by one:. It was amazing how different they all really are in taste and text when you sample them next to each other!, Do you have plans to June 2nd? Head the the BCAE for Create 2013 and support Chef Stephen, as he presents an original dish inspired by the work of a local artist! More info below...

https://www.facebook.com/events/377547039022326/?fref=ts, Congratulations to all our hardworking graduates and their families!   Let's celebrate!, Amazing news: we've got a final tally from the silent auction/live auction and balloon pop.  OI 2013 raised just over $70000 for The Barbara Lynch Foundation and The One Fund!  THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR AMAZING GENEROSITY!, Surf and Turf!, Happy Mothers Day to our guests and friends, and especially to the hard-working moms on our crew. Bernarda, Patricia, Sheila, Yenny and Jackie--you rock!!, We love this one of servers Brent and Annie!, null, Surf and Turf!, Thank you again to everyone who came out and participated in yesterday's Oyster Invitational!  We've got some math to do, then we'll let you know how much was raised for The Barbara Lynch Foundation and The One Fund!, Round one shuck offs!!, PR director Sarah Hearn and the Naked Cowboy!, The Sweet Spot--Stir!!  #OI2013, Surf and Turf!, And Party!!!!!, Over a pound of caviar for The Pearl Hour of tomorrow's Invitational!!, The arts & crafts portion of #OI2013, Once upon a time this was the B&G office. Now: Oyster invitational staging!, Last chance to get your tickets for Sunday's Oyster Invitational  on line! the Eventbrite link goes offline at 8am on Saturday. 

www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com, Want a picture of your own with The Naked Cowboy?  Better have tickets to The Oyster Invitational!! 
www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com, Now that's what we like to see when we hold an Oyster Invitational!! Let's Party! #OI2013, Chef Brian of Citizen Public House and Oyster Bar has a fine hand with roast suckling pig.  Wanna see what he can do with an 80lb version?  #surfandturf #oi2013!, By this time next week, we'll be getting set up! #OI2013, Do you have your tickets yet?

https://www.facebook.com/events/145035469011001/, Fans of Olympia Oysters, today is your day! We've got these tiny gems on the oyster list this morning, and possibly tonight, if supplies last... yum!, As patio season ramps up, we've got some new team members we'd like to introduce.  Please help us welcome Jeremy and Sheila to the kitchen crew, as well as servers Nick and Annie to FOH!, Also up for grabs at the live auction: California dreamin'. Tour Santa Barbara wine country with Asst Wine Director and SB native, Kate Gilarde!  #oi2013, We're putting the band back together! Top Chef Kristen Kish and Top Chef Finalist Brooke Williamson will be cooking together at #OI2013!  Sunday May 5th, This years Oyster Invitational will include our first ever live auction, as well as the silent auction.  Who wants to go on a New Orleans cocktail tour with John Gertsen?  #oi2013. 
 
www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.org, Clearly, Chef Louis of Tavern Road knows his way around Surf & Turf combinations!  What's he up to for the Oyster Invitational?   Get your tickets at www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com to find out!, The Massachusetts Oyster Project has long been a partner of The Oyster Invitational; we're big fans of their shell recycling program.  Be sure to look for dedicated bins for used shells at #OI2013, and don't forget to grab your tickets at www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com

http://www.massoyster.org/shell_recycling.html, Some very happy news today to share (a few days late, but very noteworthy) Please join us in congratulating our own Josh Turka on his promotion to Sous Chef of B&G Oysters!!   You can congratulate Josh yourself by popping in for dinner, or at #OI2013! , Thrilled to welcome the iconic Southie restaurant, (and BL fave) Sullivan's,  to the Oyster Invitational line up! Fryer's Up!  Get your tix at www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com, We here at B&G Oysters wanted to share the following message:  "In response to last week's tragedy, the Barbara Lynch Foundation has committed to donating a portion of the proceeds from the silent and live auctions held at The Oyster Invitational  to The One Fund Boston in conjunction with the ongoing fundraising efforts of Barbara Lynch Gruppo restaurants."  

 Last year's silent auction raised $14000; lets do better this year!

You can get tickets to the Oyster Invitational here: www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com, Thanks to the extraordinary efforts, personal risk and hard work of everyone involved in yesterday's search, we so are happy to say" Good morning Boston! " as we get set up for lunch service today. Hope to see you soon!, Once again friends, for the safety and security if our team and guests, B&G Oysters will remain closed for the duration of the Friday.  Our thoughts are with all the emergency workers, the MIT community and the people of Boston and Watertown in this time of great danger and stress. Take care if yourselves and each other,  Jen  (general manager), Friends, due to the events going on today in Boston and Watertown, B&G will be closed today until further notice, for the safety of our staff and guests. Be safe everyone.  -Jen Pieters, GM, Our thoughts and prayers are with all the runners, spectators, families and emergency personnel in the City of Boston today. We hope you are all home, safe and sound., Guchi's Midnight Ramen is one of the hottest tickets in town.   The dynamic duo of Guchi and Tracy will be joining us for #OI2013 on Sunday May 5th, plating up delicious treats!, A reminder that tickets for the Oyster Invitational on Sunday May 5th are going on sale TOMORROW at 10 am!  This link is currently password protected, but will go live tomorrow.  General Admission $175, VIP Pearl Pass $300

www.oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com, Chef Johnny Burke was a much-loved sous-chef at The Butcher Shop; these days he's heading up the kitchen at The Biltmore in Newton...you know where we're going with this dontcha'?  Welcome to the party, Chef! #OI2013, In past years The Oyster Invitational has supported some great charities like The Food Project and The Mass Oyster Project.  This year the Invitational is presented entirely by the new Barbara Lynch Foundation as its first major fundraiser. In addition to the silent auction, balloon pop and live auction, all ticket proceeds will go to support the Foundation in its first year., Woodbury clams are always a big hit at Oyster Invitational!  Welcome back Pat & Barb!, Bringing some new friends (well old friends, but OI first-timers)  to the party this year;please help us welcome Tavern Road, JM Curley and Myers & Chang to #OI2013!, Remember Chef Greg Reeves of Green St, former Chef de Cuisine of B&G (seen here with current CdC, Cheg Stephen) and his fabulous fish tacos?  They're back and making a one day appearance! #OI2013!, It's not an Oyster Invitational without these guys!


https://www.facebook.com/TheHarpoonBrewery, Seen this truck around Boston yet?   They'll be making an appearance at The Oyster Invitational on Sunday May 5th!   Don't forget: tickets go on sale this coming Tuesday at 10 am.   

http://oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com/, Chef Tony of Uni Sashimi knows his way around a piece of fish! Super excited to welcome the Uni Team to the Oyster Invitational line up! #OI2013, Share the love with @Riptide Oysters at the 5th Annual Oyster Invitational on Sunday May 5th!, This is Perry Raso of Matunuck Oyster Farm and Matunuck Oyster Bar, doing a staff training for the B&G crew.  He knows a thing or two about oysters ;). Meet Perry and the crew from the Oyster Bar at this years Oyster Invitational on Sunday May 5th! #OI2013, We are delighted to officially announce that the 5th Annual B&G Oyster Invitational will be presented this year by the Barbara Lynch Foundation. Join us on Sunday May 5th for our biggest bash to date as we take over both sides of Waltham Street for a Surf & Turf Theme party! TICKETS WILL BE GOING ON SALE ON TUESDAY APRIL  16th at 10am via eventbrite : http://oysterinvitational.eventbrite.com/, null, What a lineup and more to come!!, null, Are you ready???, It may be chilly today, but we know Spring is here, because the first of the 2012 rose wines have arrived! Coming soon to a wine list near you. Yay!!, While Manager Lauren is running the show at the restaurant with Joe, Brent and Jackie Rae, GM Jen is bouncing around town, lining up culinary talent for this year's Oyster Invitational.  Any guesses as to whom she's calling on tonight?, Friends, B&G is closed for lunch today, Friday, for a private event. We'll be reopening for dinner service at 5:30.  Sorry for any inconvenience and we'll see you soon!, Lots of folks have been wondering what's up with this year's Oyster Invitational.  Woohoo! Do we have  lots of surprises in the works for our 5th Annual party, which is set for Sunday May 5th ! Can you believe it's been 5 years?  It's too soon to let you in on the details, but we can tell you this: tickets will be going on sale on Tuesday April 16th via Eventbrite.com., Nothing says Happy Easter like oysters!! Okay, okay, maybe not, but nothing says Happy Easter like family, so gather yours up and join us for lunch today! Doors open at noon; see you soon, Menu changes on the horizon for the weekend!  Stay tuned..., Did you make it in for Restaurant Week? Tomorrow's the last day to take advantage if our $20 prix fixe, including this fluke crudo with apple compote and arugula., Also new to our list, and also from dogfish head, an old staff favorite and sure sign of Spring--Aprihop!  We tasted it at wine words yesterday and the crew agrees, this is their best, most well-balanced version to date: hoppy, caramelized, aromatic, with just a touch of fruit sweetness. Delish!, Changing seasons brings changes to our wine and beer lists, as well as our menu.  One if our favorite new beer discoveries is Noble Rot from #dogfishhead.   Brewed with grape must added to the bash, this large format beer is perfect for adventurous drinkers looking to try something new!, Wow, what a restaurant week so far!  Thanks to all who have been in!  Just a reminder that we do take a break on Saturdays, so no prix fixe menu tomorrow.  Back at it on for week 2 on Sunday, Tired of the snow?  Warm up with some soup!  We've got both Clam Chowder and Lobster Bisque today!, Chef's fluke crudo with apple compote, shaved radish and spiced cocoa nibs is available as part of the Restaurant Week lunch menu.  RW lunch runs Sunday through Friday, until 3 pm. (Sorry, no Saturdays!), Don't you just love artichokes in the Spring?  Our new roasted artichoke cobb salad is available for both lunch and dinner as part of Restaurant Week., We are excited to officially announce the date of the FIFTH ANNUAL OYSTER INVITATIONAL, Sunday May 5th!   Tickets will not be going on sale until mid April (Don't worry, we will let you know) but mark your calenders now for May 5th!, Congratulations to Chef Barbara for becoming one of the James Beard Who's Who of Food & Beverage in America!

http://www.jamesbeard.org/blog/awards-watch-2013-whos-who-food-beverage-america, Reservations open at 10:00 AM for Gruppo Tour with Kristen Kish. Call us to make reservations for Monday, June 3. More details on the front page of http://barbaralynch.com/, Didn't get a chance to try the Cornmeal Crusted Shrimp Po'Boy at Shellabration?  No worries it's making a return appearance as part of the Restaurant Week menu, starting on Sunday!  Served with fries, pickles and slaw; it'll have you doing a happy dance!, Gorgeous fava beans, picked king crab meat, and handmade orecchiette, all tossed in a spicy red pepper butter.  #ACelebrationofSeafood wraps up tonight, so be sure to come see us., Today's the last day of our Celebration of Seafood!  Be sure to come in tonight for our final fete: A Celebration of Crabs. Pictured here, King Crab salad with fried egg and crispy Spanish chorizo, Here's a peek at those early Soft Shell Crabs. These Florida Blue Whales (the largest available) are tossed in cornmeal and deep fried, and then served over a puree of green garlic.  A small salad of treviso and pickled mustard seeds completes the dish, Jonah Crab Fritters with avocado aioli.  The ultimate bar snack!, Here's a closer look at that gorgeous Snow Crab Salad. This was one of the staff favorites at premeal, Premeal for Celebration of Crab was full of the first tastes of Spring!  Softshell crab with green garlic purée,  king crab orecchiette with fresh fava beans, snow crab salad with haricots verts.  So tasty: hurry in!!, Florida softshell and Alaskan King Crab for tonight's A Celebration of Crab!, Forget the snow, spring is in the  air!  We've just received word that we'll be getting in first-of-the-season Florida soft shell crabs, just in time for tomorrow's  A Celebration of Crabs! Quantities will be limited so come early! Feasting starts at 5pm, Feeling crabby?  We've got the cure: join us on Monday and Tuesday night for our final Shellabration: A Celebration of Crabs
Dungeness, snow, jonah and king crab specials will chase away your winter blues (if our bad puns haven't already done the trick!), https://www.facebook.com/events/537674866277177/

 Harpoon Brewery Massachusetts Oyster Project and oysters? Three of our favorite things!  Definitely hit this up!, Thanks to all who came out to A Celebration of Sea Scallops last night, our busiest to date!  We're in the home stretch now, just one week left. Make your reservations now for A Celebration of Crab: next Monday and Tuesday nights!, Going to Taste of the South End? Pop across the street to 550 for a scallop small plate first! A Celebration of Sea Scallops, 5pm til close, And another look at the ceviche with pousse pieds and sour orange, Sea Scallop Boudin Blanc, seared and served with Cauliflower puree and brussels sprouts, This next series of Shell-a-bration photos was actually snapped by Clarice, one of our line cooks, who regularly works Monday nights.   Here: the smoked scallop tartar with pickled fennel, greek yogurt and crispy chorizo, Roasted Whole Scallop with red-pepper butter and arugula, Sea scallop ceviche with sour Seville orange and sea beans (also known as pousse pieds.).  Missed it tonight?  No worries, A Celebration of Scallops continues tomorrow night!, What are you doing for dinner tonight?  You could be munching on our sea scallop crudo with red currant and English cucumber.  #ACelebrationOfSeaScallops, There are two keys to a perfectly seared scallop: a nice dry scallop and a screamingly hot pan. Pop in for A Celebration of Scallops on tonight and tomorrow for a demonstration by our talented line cooks., We've celebrated lobster, oysters, uni, clams,and this week it's Sea      Scallops!  Join us Monday and Tuesday night for A Celebration of Sea Scallops, featuring Whole Roasted Scallops in red pepper butter, and Scallop Boudin Blanc.  Call 617-423-0550, or use the above OpenTable link for reservations., She won!!  The team at B&G is so proud of the lovely and talented Kristen Kish, now Top Chef!!, Are you as excited as we are for the finale of Top Chef, with our girl Kristen Kish?!!!  We're all working tonight so will have to
watch on DVR post shift, so NO spoilers, please!, Chef's new favorite technique for cooking mussels: Butter Poaching!  Topped with espelette pepper and pickled beets, Fried Mussels get their crunch from Anson Mills Cornmeal., And the finished dish: Smoked Mussel Salad with blood orange and frisee, Prior to service, Chef Stephen demonstrates the plating of our smoked mussel special to line cook Clarice., Roasted Mussel Escabeche, anyone?  A Celebration of Mussells tonight and tomorrow night!, Really unique seafood event happening at Menton tomorrow night. What else are you doing on a Tuesday (besides maybe enjoying small plates with us?): http://mentonboston.com/discovering-new-england-seafood-an-evening-of-cuisine-and-conversation/, If our last post didn't tip you off, this week we are celebrating the humble mussel in all its glory!  Stay tuned for a peek at Chef's menu for A Celebration of Mussels.  Monday and Tuesday night: 5pm to close., It's amazing how many cultures in the world eat mussels. Cheap and plentiful, this bivalve is harvested across the globe for a variety of delicious dishes. From the familiar-- Belgian Moules Frites-- to the exotic-- Hoi-Tod, a seafood pancake from Thailand, and Honghap Jim, a spicy stew from Korea. We're particularly intrigued by Midye Dolma, a Turkish appetizer filled with aromatic rice and spices., We love it when a new oyster pops up on our list, something we've never seen before; it's kinda like meeting a new friend, and everyone is curious to know how it is. So this morning we were  to discover the "Wild Seaside" from the eastern shore of Virginia. Fans of big oysters, this one is for you!, Thanks for your enthusiastic response to our Clam Cake vs Clam Fritter debate!  Chef decided to draw this out a bit more, so he's whipped up another batch as a special tonight. Stop in, and weigh in!, We had a little dispute about what to call these.  Chef Stephen, being from New Hampshire, calls them Clam Fritters. GM Jen, being from Rhode Island, calls them Clam Cakes.  Ultimately, Jen decided it best not to fight that battle, and just order them for dinner instead. 

Clam Fritters on the menu for A Celebration of Clams! 5 pm until close tonight, Spaghetti Alle Vongole with little New Zealand Cockles. Yum!, Steamers with Espelette Butter.  Because it's not a Celebration if it's not decadent!  5pm until close: A Celebration of Clams, Grilled razor clams with pickled fennel and toasted coriander yogurt., An all-star lineup!  Razor, cherry stone, topneck, steamer, littleneck, Manila and cockle clams!  

All featured tonight as part of A Celebration of Clams, Manila clams, chourico, marbled portatoes: it's a Portugese clam stew!  Hearty and warming on a cold day like today.  Available after 5pm as part of A Celebration of Clams!, We often get asked, do you have Steamers?  And for a limited time, the answer is "why yes we do."  Traditional soft shell clams steamed in IPA and served with clam broth and espellette butter: yum! Monday and Tuesday dinner service only., If you had to pick your favorite way to eat clams, what would it be? In chowder? Fried? Steamed? Garlic and white wine linguini?  Chourico and clam stew? #ACelebrationofClams! Monday and Tuesday 5pm 'til close, Manilas, Razors, Quahogs, Cockles, Ipswich, Littlenecks.... Oh yeah, it's Clam week!  Monday and Tuesday, hit us up for A Celebration of Clams!, Assiette of Sea Urchin with fennel and purple pearl onion petals:  tonight only! 5 pm til close, Sea Urchin Almondine--salad of urchin, haricots verts, chicory and confit tomatoes, Uni Mac & Cheese first made an appearance as part of our "Fins to Gills" series, and remains a frequently requested dish.  It's making a return tonight and tomorrow as part of our Celebration of Seafood!, Did you know that the season for Atlantic Green Sea Urchin  is September through April, and is currently at its peak?   We'll be  serving up Maine Urchin tonight and tomorrow for A Celebration of Seafood. Meanwhile, should you want to tackle them at home, our friends over at Browne Trading have an excellent tutorial on how to open a sea urchin.

http://www.brownetrading.com/recipes-and-resources/educational-presentations/removing-roe-from-a-sea-urchin/, Did you know that most Sea Urchins are harvested by hand by licensed scuba divers?  Pretty chilly work in the winter in Maine or British Columbia, where this video was shot!  Celebrate the effort of these fishermen with us tonight and tomorrow, as we feast on Sea Urchin Small Plates! 5pm to close


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID5gGIa2zCw, Uni. Ricci di Mare.  Oursin.  Sea Urchin!  You either love it or you hate it, there is no in between.   Never had it? Big fan? Better stop by B&G tomorrow night and Wednesday for our Celebration Of Sea Urchin. Chef will be whipping up soup, bruscetta, even a sea urchin Almondine, No small plates tonight, we've pushed A Celebration of Sea Urchin to Tuesday, Wednesday this week.  Will Chef's Uni Mac & Cheese make an appearance? Stay tuned!, Ok, Nemo, we have had quite enough of you messing with our plans!  So, in order to bring you the very best small plates,   A Celebration of Seafood: Sea Urchin will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, rather than Mon-Tues., Tired out by all that shoveling?  Nothing restores like hot soup! Pop in for a lobster bisque and a glass of muscadet!, B&g will be opening today for Sunday lunch service at 1pm. Come visit!!, Local friends and guests, we will be opening tonight at 5:30 pm with a limited menu.   There is no valet service tonight so please plan ahead. Thanks and see you soon!, null, Friends. We hope you are all home safe and dry; we are sending our crew home shortly.  No dinner service today or lunch service tomorrow: Reopening at 5pm tomorrow., Friends, B&G Oysters will be closing at 9 pm this evening for a private event.  Please join us early for regular dinner service!, Last Chance to get your tickets to tomorrow night's Relais  & Chateau Dinner and Friday's Blizzard Bash!  Click on the link below for tickets to Blizzard Bash!

http://blizzardbash2013.eventbrite.com/?discount=BGJoeW#, Join us this evening for A Celebration of Shrimp!, The Shrimp Po'Boy put the staff in a happy place at pre-meal--once they were done battling for every last bite! Available tonight until 10 and tomorrow from 5 to 11., Servers Brent and Nikki study up before premeal. A Celebration of Shrimp starts tonight, so c'mon in!, Just joining us, and wondering what's up with all these shrimp posts?  Every Monday and Tuesday night we are celebrating our favorite bivalves and crustaceans with menu of small plates created by Chef Stephen.  Seen here, prawns from Florida, Indonesia and Madagascar!, A great thing about shrimp is you really can eat the entire animal, so nothing goes to waste. These heads will be used for Shrimp Bisque, while their tails will be lightly poached in butter for the garnish. #ACelebrationOfShrimp, Bubba, we got you covered with Deep-Fried Shrimp.  Deep Fried Shrimp Heads, that is!  They're like Shrimp Popcorn!! #CelebrationofShellfish. Monday and Tuesday after 5, Turns out Bubba was wrong: there are a few more things you can do with Shrimp and Chef Stephen has them on the menu for this week's Celebration of Shrimp.  Narragansett Beer Poached Peel & Eats any one?, "Anyway, like I was sayin', Shrimp is like the fruit of the sea. You can barbeque it, boil it, broil it, bake it sauté it. Dey's uh, shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo.  Pan-fried, deep-fried, stir-fried.  There's pineapple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich. That-that's about it."  Bubba,  Forrest Gump, Cornmeal crusted fried oyster bruschetta, with pickled mustard and arugula.  Missed it last night? Tonight is the last chance!, The Pickled Kusshi oyster with English Cucumber Relish:  creamy, tart and fresh, with a dash of heat at the end. A surprising staff favorite from last night; available again tonight, 5 pm til close, So simple, so good: the Oyster BLT, Premeals are so much fun on Celebration Mondays and Tuesdays!! A trio of oysters: Pickled, "Vichyssoise" and BLT!, On a side note, friends with NYE snowflakes, don't forget they're worth double during a snow storm!, Angels on Horseback are one of our most popular oyster appetizers for special events, but they are rarely on the regular menu!  Get 'em tonight and tomorrow at A Celebration of Oysters!!, Lots of shucking to be done before tonight's A Celebration of Oysters!, It's Monday, which means tonight is A Celebration of Shellfish! Tonight's star...the not so humble oyster!    Pop in for Oyster Risotto,  Fried Oyster Bruschetta and Oyster BLTs!, A few months ago, Barbara got a visit from Canadian TV personality and food writer, Josie di Stasio for her travel show A la di Stasio.   Francophone friends can find the show's website (avec recettes)here...

http://aladistasio.telequebec.tv/a_la_distasio/accueil.html

Canadian friends can look for a re-broadcast on the website of Tele-Quebec. (not available to be viewed in the boston area, unfortunately ), Something warm and comforting, Baked Stuffed Taylor Bay Scallops, and something cool and refreshing for our raw fans, Crudo of Nantucket Bays.  Tonight's the night; see you after 5!, One of the faves from last night Scallops en Gelee. Available again tonight ONLY as part of our Celebration of Bay Scallops!  C'mon in..., A Celebration of our favorite Shellfish: January to March 2013, Scallops are one of the easiest things to clean, as Chef shows us here.  Two quick swipes and they're ready to cook, or eat as is, with just squirt of lemon!, Fresh bay scallops, waiting to be cleaned and prepped for tonight's Celebration of Seafood!, Got your reservations for A Celebration of Bay Scallops yet? Tonight and tomorrow, 5 pm to close.   We'll be serving up these gorgeous Taylor Bays, as well as the delectable Nantucket Bays.  We're particularly looking forward to Chef's Baked Stuffed Taylor Bays with chorizo and lemon aioli!, Aren't these gorgeous? These are farmed Taylor Bay Scallops from the Taylor Cultured Seafoods.  The Taylor family raises these little beauties in suspended nets in Cape Cod Bay, which keeps them free of grit,  sand and barnacles.  We'll be featuring them tomorrow night and Tuesday night as part of A Celebration of Bay Scallops!, Got the day off tomorrow?   What are you up to for MLK day?  Join us for a lobster roll  lunch, or pop in after 5pm for A Celebration of Bay Scallops! Chef has quite the menu planned, including Baked Stuffed Taylor Bay Scallops, and Meyer Lemon Ceviche of Nantucket Bays!, Winter in New England can be brutal, but it has its perks too...like Bay Scallop Season!  Get your scallop fix on Monday and Tuesday for A Celebration of Bay Scallops: Chef's Stephen's special small plate menu, featuring this tasty morsels in a variety of ways! 5 pm to close., What an amazing few days!  Thank you to all who came in last night and tonight for
A Celebration of Lobster! :) Up next week: A Celebration of Bay Scallops!!!, Monday and Tuesday Night this week; it's a Celebration of Lobster!  5 pm til' close, or while quantities last..., Lobster Carpaccio with hot chili oil? Um, yes, please! Come check it out on Monday and Tuesday as we kick of our Celebration of Shellfish with a Celebration of Lobster!  5pm to close, http://www.trevorcorson.com/articles/published/Entries/1998/1/15_Eating_My_Bread_Upon_the_Waters.html, Only the truly dedicated watermen keep working in the dead of winter, when the the seas are high and the air and the ocean is frigid! We are fortunate to reap the rewards of their effort: the shellfish is sweeter and more delicious at this time of year than any other.  
Over the next few weeks we'll be fete-ing the winter bounty with our new Series, A Celebration of Shellfish. Join us Monday and Tuesday nights (through mid-March) for a menu of small plates, each week featuring a different bivalve or crustacean. 
 Up first: Lobster!!, Only one more week for advanced ticket sales for Blizzard Bash! We can't wait to see what the chefs and bartenders serve up for this HUGE event http://blizzardbash2013.eventbrite.com/, Friends, we will be closing today at 4 pm, to get our dance on at our annual Gruppo Christmas Party,  and will be closed all day tomorrow, as well. Open for lunch bright and early on Tuesday!, A big thank you  to Find.Eat.Drink for the shout out as one of their F.E.D Fifty!  http://www.findeatdrink.com/Index/Restaurants/Entries/2013/1/3_fed_fifty_restaurants.html#widget13-frame, Happy  New Year Friends! We hope you are having a wonderful day! Just a heads up that we will be closed all day tomorrow, January 1st, reopening for normal service on January 2nd., Exciting things going on this weekend, as we welcome two new ( one new, one returning) employees to our team! First we are excited to welcome Lauren Adams, our new Assistant Manager to B&G! Lauren will be splitting her time between here and The Butcher Shop, so be sure to say hello! Returning to our kitchen team is Jose Hernandez! Jose will be manning the stoves in the mornings. Welcome back, Jose!, Don't let the weather get you down; rainy days are perfect for long leisurely lunches!  Keep the festivities going, pop in and see us today., Friends, we're open all day tomorrow and then on Monday until 4pm!  After that we're closing up the shop for two days to celebrate the holidays with our own loved ones!  Stop in this weekend and celebrate with us! Reopening for normal service on the 27th.   Enjoy the holiday!, http://barbaralynch.com/foundation/first-annual-blizzard-bash/, Oysters are a huge part of many people's Christmas traditions, from the Italian Feast of the Seven Fishes, to  the Provencal Gros Souper,from  a New England Oyster Stew, to a Louisiana Oyster Gumbo.   Or simply, raw, perfectly chilled and shucked and served on the half-shell with a dash of peppery mignonette.   How do you like your oysters for the holidays?, Only a week until Christmas??!!  We'll be open until 4 pm on Christmas Eve, and it's one of our favorite days of the year, so make your lunch reservations now!, Enough quoting...to really get the essence of Terry and his portfolio, its best just sit back and listen...

http://blip.tv/wineradio-thamesrivercom/terry-theise-on-champagne-489385, We've long been fans of Pierre Peters' Champagnes...crisp and bright, they're perfect for oysters. So we were thrilled to get in a few bottles of his 2004 Les Chetillons Cuvee.   Terry says "The ’04,  has marvelously incisive aromas,  more lacy and filigree; 
the palate seemed minty and stern, but I was told it would receive a splish more dosage (yay!) to ameliorate its iron and 
nettle profile. Length it has in spades", On another note, flour is flying in the prep kitchen today! Chef Stephen is practicing his cavatelli-making technique, getting ready of New Year's Eve.  We hear he's plotting to serve this rolled pasta with chestnuts, lobster, porcini mushrooms and cured egg as part of the tasting menu.... Better make your reservations soon...this a one night only dish!  617-423-0550, or click the opentable link above, “I’ll speak not as a wine grower, but as a wine drinker now; when I drink a  wine, worked by people who spent three times longer in their vineyards, who  always followed their grapes, who suffered the same climactic conditions as  their vines, I dream. I dream, and it gives me pleasure, because I know there  is a story, work, patience, passion, and the unique beliefs of the wine grower.”
- Alexander Chartogne

this dynamic young winemaker is the producer of one of our favorite rose champagnes, and also a new addition to our list: the Cuvee St Anne., https://www.facebook.com/notes/bg-oysters/why-drink-grower-champagne-by-terry-theise/453379734725300

But before we get to the champagnes...a quick introduction by the Maestro on why these wines matter, Many of our Small Grower Champagnes come to us from legendary importer Terry Theise--yes, you've heard us mention that name a time or two!  A prolific writer, Terry has a knack like no one else for describing his champagnes and the growers in his portfolio, so we thought we'd let him make a few introductions...stay tuned!, Here at B&G, we're taking the month of December to celebrate all things bubbly!  Our  weekly wine classes have been focused on different bottlings from the Cotes de Blanc, Montagne de Reims and the  Vallee de la Marne. Yesterday, we were thrilled to welcome Derek Whittaker of Atlantic Importing for a tasting of Pierre Peters, Lallement Reserve and Chartogne Taillet.  We'll be posting about some of our favorite Small Growers in this space.

But don't let our crew have all the fun, stop in and explore our expanded Champagne list yourself!, Yes, it is that time! Start thinking about New Years Eve!  Join us during the day for shellfish towers, or make your reservations for dinner and take advantage of Chef Stephen's 5 course tasting menu! And of course, the Bubble Bar will be open all day!, null, Got Christmas shopping on the brain?  Looking for the perfect foodie gift?  Authors Karen Page and Andrew Dornenburg of The Flavor Bible, What to Drink with What you Eat, and Food Lover's Guide to Wine are coming to The Butcher Shop for a book signing! Stop in next Tuesday, December 11th from 5:15 to 6:45 and pick up your own signed copy to gift...or to keep ;), Ahhh, snow in the South End for the first day of December. Chowder for lunch anyone?, The Holidays are here and we are celebrating with our newest addition to the beer list Old Jubilation Ale from Avery Brewing Company!  We love the nutty warmth of this ale!    http://averybrewing.com/our-ales/old-jubilation-ale/, Friends, we've got some new crew members to introduce you to!  We're happy to welcome Clarice--who comes to us via our sister restaurant, Menton--to our kitchen team. Look for Clarice on the line this week as she trains on the oyster station.  Also joining the team is our new server, Brent, who comes to us from the great town of Philadelphia.  Brent & Clarice--welcome!, As for what to drink with that oyster stuffing, well we have to agree with Eric Asimov of the New York Times: Muscadet!! If it's great with oysters on the half-shell--it'll be great with that oyster dressing

http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/21/dining/thanksgiving-wines-for-when-you-didnt-plan-ahead.html?ref=dining, Oysters have long been a part of a traditional New England Thanksgiving...namely as part of Oyster Stuffing.  Here's a recipe  from Saveur Magazine for this classic dish.  They call for Blue Points, but any good-sized, meaty oyster will do.  Give it a try and let us know what you think!  Happy Thanksgiving to all!   
http://www.saveur.com/article/Recipes/Oyster-Stuffing-1000065850, Friends, we'll be closing early on Wednesday to let our crew head home to their Thanksgiving celebrations, as well as being closed all day on Thursday.  Last seating on Wednesday night at 9pm.  Happy Thanksgiving to you all!, Today's a bittersweet day for us: bitter as we say goodbye to our beloved Sous-Chef, Matt Garland, but sweet as he has been promoted and is taking over the reigns of Sportello as their new Chef de Cuisine!!  Good luck Matt! We'll be by to visit soon :), Today Eric Bordelet makes ciders from 20 varieties of apples and 14 varieties of pears. His Poire Granit, which we are currently featuring, comes from 300 year old trees, like this one!!, A little more about Eric Bordelet, the producer of our new pear cider: Poire Granit.  Bordelet was the sommelier at Arpege in Paris, when he decided to give up the world of restaurants take over his familial orchard.  But first he spent a year studying wine making in Bordeaux so he could translate those skills to the world of ciders!, New on our wine list, a seasonal Cider section! Currently we have two, an apple offering from Clos Normand, and a pear cider from biodynamic "sydraculteur"  Erik Bordelet.  Let us know if you like them, maybe we'll add more!, A few of our regulars recently cashed in the Oyster Invitational Silent Auction Prize: a Baked Stuff Lobster Feast for Four! This 7lber was stuffed with hen of the woods mushrooms and black tiger shrimp, and served with sauteed Brussels sprouts  and Chef Matt's skillet cornbread! Thanks all for your generosity, we hope you had fun!!, Looking to do some good today? Help the Barbara Lynch Foundation's first initiative, Meet the Worms, win a $10,000 grant to improve their program (and greenhouses!) at The Blackstone School in South Boston.

http://www.seedsofchangefoods.com/sharethegood/

Simply enter your information, and the name of the organization (The Barbara Lynch Foundation), Boston, MA 02118, and the proprietor name of Meet the Worms!, Have you tried the Jack's Abby lagers we've been featuring on draft lately?  They're super local--the brewery is in Framingham We started with Jabby Brau, and l ately have been flirting with their Mom & Pop's Wet Hop.  In this article, the Washington Post goes deeper into the world of lagers... 

http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/lager-gets-a-shot-in-the-glass/2012/09/28/5a2695a0-0731-11e2-a10c-fa5a255a9258_story.html, Rare to see these little guys making the op/ed page..., Happy Halloween all!  Parents, if you're taking your kids to the annual party at Ringgold Park, stop by  after for trick or treating!, Open today for business as usual!, Friends, we have battened down the hatches and are keeping our crew home today, safe and dry.  B&G will be closed for both lunch and dinner, today, Monday.  See you tomorrow!, Due to the storm, we (and all other Barbara Lynch Gruppo establishments) will be closed tomorrow. Everyone stay inside and be safe!, http://onpoint.wbur.org/2012/10/24/consider-the-lobster

A whole hour of today's broadcast of NPR's On Point was dedicated to one of our favorite subjects: lobsters!   You can download their podcast to catch the whole show..., Last year the theme was Venetian; this year No. 9 Park is going Parisian for halloween!  Belle Epoque Parisian, that is!  Gorgeous masques, absinthe themed cocktails and tasty nibbles await you on this most spectacular of holidays!, We love the lecture series over at the  NE Aquarium.  Check out this upcoming one entitled Dolphin Confidential: Confessions of a Field Biologist  by Dr. Maddalena Bearzi, author and President, Ocean Conservation Society

 http://www.neaq.org/education_and_activities/programs_and_classes/aquarium_lecture_series/index.php, Here comes the sun! Get yer patio on today; only a few days left in the season and today is gonna be GORGEOUS!, What are you up to for Halloween this year?   Get your fancy dress and your feathered masks on and head over to No 9 Park for their Venetian Masquerade Ball!, What a glorious, gorgeous day for the middle of October!  Good thing the patio is open!! Stop in for lunch and say hi to Lexi and Luisa, And the final dish..., Our new blue cod dish with autumn vegetables, charmoula and preserved lemon is fast becoming our most popular dish of the season! Here, Lexi demos pouring the charmoula: a middle eastern inspired sauce., So excited today to announce that our very own Julio Azucena has officially been promoted to the position of Sous Chef here at B&G Oysters!!! Julio started at age 16 as a dishwasher, and has steadily worked his way up to oyster shucker, fry cook, to entremet and saute cook. And now to Sous Chef!! Congratulations Julio!, B&G Oysters Clam Chowder Recipe, Do we have a special for you (and at least 3 friends) tonight! We have a 6.5 lb baked-stuffed lobster, stuffed with Butcher Shop Chorizo and shrimp, accompanied by Chef Matt's southern cornbread, fried green tomatoes and brussels sprouts, all served family style.  This meal will serve at least four, and we only have one! Available after 5 pm tonight.  And yes, you can reserve it in advance.  Call 617-423-0550  $275, (not including tax or grat), An Epic Boston Rivalry!  Chef Mike of Neptune vs our own Chef Stephen! (ok, so they're actually good pals, but run with it :) ). Whose Chowder will reign supreme?, http://www.steveharveytv.com/episodes/how-to-stop-the-parenting-wars-steves-great-american-food-fight-in-boston/, We know where to watch if you are in the boston area: Channel 5 at 10 am!, Our girl Iza representing B&G at the Boston Fish Pier Seafood Festival this past weekend!, Chef Stephen fans, get your B&G gear on and set those DVRS!!! The  Steve Harvey Show "Great American Food Fight"  Chowder Battle Royale  between our own Chef Stephen and Chef Mike Serpa of Neptune is set to air this Thursday at 10 am on TheBostonChannel.com! Not in Boston? Check www.steveharvey.com for listings, Have you tried the new Salt & Vinegar "Chips" offered with our Fish & Chips lunch entree?  So good, we've had to cut the staff off!, Thanks to the Clarion Inn for the shout out!!, What a gorgeous October day!!  Sun is shining, leaves are turning. Good thing our patio is still OPEN! Join us for a late lunch or dinner under the stars tonight... Hilary and Lexi are waiting for you!, Did you know that Chef Barbara is on instagram?  Follow her at Barbaralynchbos., Today was server Erin's last day with us :(  All the best, lady!!, Any Steve Harvey fans out there? Chef Stephen will be appearing on The Steve Harvey Show in a Chowder Cook-Off against Neptune Oyster's Chef Mike some time next week.  We'll let you know as soon as we get an air date!, Get 'em while they last! Belon oysters from Maine. Very limited quantity, on the list tonight, Friends, our patio is closed today from 12 to 5 for TBS's Harvest Fest.  Our dining room, however is open all day and the patio will open at 5.  Stop in for an oktoberfest bier and some freshly harvested oysters!, Oktoberfest in Munich starts today! We're celebrating here with Weihenstephaner Festbier and Harpoon Oktoberfest. On the beer list all month!, A heartfelt Congratulations! to Kathy and Bob who are getting married on our patio on this gorgeous sunny day!, Just ordered a whole bunch of new beers for fall.  Stay tuned for Festbier, Abita Pecan, Verboten Belgian Pale Ale and more!, An early start to our day today, as Chef Barbara was interviewed by Josee di Stasio for her Canadian TV show, A la di Stasio. Chef whipped up two B&G classics: a lobster roll and famous clam chowder.  Francophone friends can look for the episode to run on Tele-Quebec sometime this winter., Headed to today's Belgian Beer Festival across the street at the Cyclorama? Better eat something first!  May we suggest a hearty order of our fish & chips, paired with Old Chub Scotch Ale from Oskar Blues?, New on the menu: Atlantic Spanish Mackerel!  Smaller than their cousins the King Mackerell, these fast-moving fish travel in immense schools, ranging along the coast from New York to Mexico.  The meat of the Atlantic Spanish Mackerel is dark and firm,  loaded with those Healthy Omega-3 oils, and most importantly--delicious!  We're serving it over Northern Black rice with sweet corn and cherry tomatoes. So good, Warm, muggy, sticky days like today are excellent excuse for eating perfectly chilled seafood.  Woodbury littlenecks, huge shrimp cocktail, briny Riptides from Massachusetts, and sweet, cucumbery Baynes Sound oysters from British Columbia.  Washed down with a refreshing glass of our own Gruner Veltliner, the Cuvee Cat, what an ideal way to get over Hump Day!, Fans of the Oyster Invitational, check out this fall party, being held over at our sister restaurant, The Butcher Shop on Sept 23rd. Cheese-making, beers, sausage demos, even a traditional wine stomp. Good times!, Friends, we will be celebrating Labor Day tomorrow by giving our hardworking crew a well deserved day off!  Back for regular service on Tuesday. Thanks all, you guys rock!, Last day of restaurant week! Thanks to old friends and new for joining us!, Thanks to the guys over  Serious Eats for the shout out in their "18 Favorite Seafood Sandwiches" wrap-up.   Follow the link for Lobster BLT love and more!  http://www.seriouseats.com/2012/08/best-fish-sandwiches-lobster-rolls-crabcakes-shrimp-po-boys-gravlax-america-slideshow.html#show-175773, And Restaurant Week trundles on!  Our Atlantic Blue Cod with farro, castelveltrano olives, and cherry tomatoes has been the surprising big hit.   Only 3 days left to give it a try!  11:30 to 3:30 thru Friday, We refer frequently to Rowan Jacobsen--our good buddy, oyster guru, fantastic author and all around great guy.   This excerpt from his book, A Geography of an Oyster, is one of our favorite essays, and something we like to share with new staff when they start their training. 

 http://www.chow.com/food-news/54106/the-taste-of-an-oyster/, Wine Words!  One of our Restaurant Week Specials, an AOC Saint-Pourcain from La Famille Laurent.  This tiny appellation in the Auvergne (in the very heart of France) is technically considered part of greater region of the Loire.   It features an indigenous grape, Tressallier,as well as a bit of Chardonnay and Sauvignon. Tressallier is one of those particular little grapes that really only flourishes in one place, in this case right here in Saint Pourcain., Oyster fans! Be sure to take advantage of our Restaurant Week Oyster Special.  6 oysters for $12 every day of RW until 3:30!  Today's oyster-- classic Wild Malpeques., What a great kickoff to Restaurant Week! Thanks to all who came to visit today.   Our Fried Clam Roll was a big hit!, Ya'll know we love our seafood! But sometimes, even we crave pork.  That's why we are super excited for The Barbara Lynch Foundations  Swine and Swizzle Summer Send-Off Party!  August 25th at the Harbor Hotel in Ptown.  Roasted pig and cocktails by John Gertsen and Tedkilpatrick? Yes Please!!  Call 617.423.4200 for rezzies and info!, Do you have your restaurant week reservations yet? RW lunch starts on Sunday!, New on our menu tonight: Massachusetts fluke with northernwild rice, sweet corn, basil pesto and cherry tomatoes!, We often get asked, "why doesn't B&G serve a fried clam roll?"  You ask and you shall receive....the official B&G Fried Clam Roll will be featured on our Restaurant Week lunch menu!   August 19th through the 31st!  Reserve today by clicking on our OpenTable link, Restaurant Week Reservations now open!!, Reservations now open for Restaurant Week!  Serving Lunch from Open until 3:30.   Please call 617-423-0550 for reservations, null, New on our oyster list today, Wild Goose Oysters from the salt ponds of rhode island. These tasty morsels are being farm-raised by the Ocean State Shellfish Cooperative, which also includes some of our other favorite rhody farms like Matunuck, Cedar Island and East Beach., Nothing says summer in New England like a clam bake! New on the menu, starting tonight, we have fabulous Steamed Littlenecks with sweet corn, chorizo, mussells and smoked clam broth.  Bring on the beach!, The Barbara Lynch Foundation is having its first annual Summer-Send Off: Swine and Swizzle. Come celebrate with us in Provincetown!

http://www.facebook.com/events/266364646805964/, null, Always cool to see how our favorite producers do things...here a snapshot of life in the Russian River Valley from Balletto Vineyards, In more exciting staffing news, we are very excited to welcome Rob Hamilton, our newest Sous-Chef, and Jessica Blaise, our newest host to the B&G team!  Rob's here all week and Jess will be here this weekend, so be sure to say hi!, Kumamoto fans, they're on the list today! Stop in and get your kuma fix on!, Fans of our summer snap pea salad, it's making a rare appearance as a special today! Stop in early, it's sure to go fast :), Friends, we will be closing today at 2:30 PM for a private event.  Reopen on Saturday for normal service.  We apologize for any inconvenience., http://www.urbans-hof.de/en/mov/mov_kapelle.html

Really Cool panoramic view of the St Urbans-Hof vineyards.  #summerofriesling, What a glorious day! Let's all play hooky and drink riesling and eat lobster BLTS on the patio!  #summerofriesling2012, Nice little write up from our pals at Formaggio Kitchen. , Who's pouring Donnhoff riesling by the glass for the month of July?   This guy!  #31daysofgermanriesling, Starting this week, please welcome our new Assistant General Manager, Ethan Evans.  Ethan is coming to us via the Ethan Stowell Restaurant Group out in Seattle, including restaurants like Union, Fancy & Staple and How To Cook A Wolf. We're keeping him quite busy training this week and next, so be sure to say Hi!, Hey all, just a quick reminder to pop in tonight and tomorrow for your oyster fix as we will be closed on July 3rd and 4th for the holiday!, Friends, this is a weekend of big change for us at B&G.  Our beloved Assistant General Manager, Lily, is working her last few shifts with us, before she moves on to new adventures on the west coast.  We wish her all the best in her new life!  Stop in this weekend to see Lily off!!, Our friends over at MOP, are screening a free showing of " SHELLSHOCKED: Saving Oysters to Save Ourselves". The film follows efforts to prevent the extinction of wild oyster reefs, which keep our oceans healthy by filtering water and engineering ecosystems. , Want your own Riesling tattoos and t-shirts?  http://summerofriesling.com/merchb_2012.html, The summer of Riesling has begun and the team is ready! Stop in tonight for Leitz Dragonstone, Trimbach Réserve or Spreitzer Spätlese all by the glass., Need to cool off?  Stop in and try the our new wine by the glass: Trimbach Riesling Reserve. We tasted yesterday at wine words, and the general consensus was "driest Riesling any of us have ever had, EVER!". #summerofriesling starts today!, It's here!! Summer of Rieslng 2012 kicks off today!  Start sipping!, From our pals out on the extreme Sonoma Coast, The B&G Banana Split is back! Perfect for sharing with Dad on Father's Day!!, http://www.neaq.org/education_and_activities/programs_and_classes/aquarium_lecture_series/index.php. 

Trevor Corson, author of The Secret Life of Lobsters is speaking at the New England Aquarium this coming Thursday. Lecture is free and starts at 7 pm. Stop off at The Reef afterwards and sample their new menu designed by Chef Barbara., Nice shot of our lobster rolls from Tasting Table, 30 minutes 'til show time!  Getting' set up for Lobster Roll Rumble 2012, B&G takes to the road!  Chef Stephen, Line Cook Josh and GM Jen are en route to Manhattan for Lobster Roll Rumble!! Photos to follow..., Chef Stephen and Josh grilling off top loader buns pre Rumble, null, Hope you have your tickets already, NYC fans!, B&G Oysters will be closed briefly today from 2 pm to 4 pm for a quick staff meeting. Open for normal service at  4 pm. Sorry for any inconvenience, Did you catch Chef Barbara on the Today Show yesterday? Rematch on Thursday when the team travels to NYC for Tasting Table's Lobster Roll Rumble!!, Check out Chef Barbara on the third hour of the TODAY show this morning making her famous B&G lobster roll for Hoda & Kathie Lee. The ladies will be picking one favorite this morning but then we head down on Thursday for Tasting Table's Lobster Rumble -- good luck, chef!, B&G Oysters will be closed tomorrow, Monday May 28th for the Memorial Day holiday. But before that, we've got a gorgeous Sunday in front of us, so stop in for some fried seafood and cold beers!  ( fyi...Avery White Rascal, new on draft, is EXCELLENT with fried clams), B&G Oysters
Dear friends, a brief call for aide. Some of you may remember Vinny Sapochetti from his days as a server at No 9 and at The Butcher Shop, some of you may know him from his time  at Neptune Oyster. Sadly, Vinny was in a terrible car crash back in April, which left him with a severe brain injury. He's currently on a long, slow road to recovery, and in the meantime his healthcare bills, and other expenses are mounting. The Boston restaurant community, friends and family, are coming together this Monday for a fundraiser at the Hotel Commonwealth. Please follow the link for tickets, and other ways to help. Thank you!, This is pretty cool. Good work MOP!, If you haven't noticed, we here at the Gruppo--and at B&G in particular--are vaguely obsessed with Rose.  So you can imagine the excitement of the staff when presented with 3 new roses at wine words today, including Chateau la Gordonne Cotes de Provence, whose blend included Tibuouren, a very rare Provencal  grape we have never worked with before!, PM Dish team Rafael and Henry tackling the arduous task of cleaning 73lbs of last of the season wild ramps! Foraged with love by Bob Nash.  Ramp pickles here we come!!, Oh yeah, its rose season!  One of the staff faves, Commanderie de Peyrassol, hit the wine list this week. Perfect for patio drinking with our asparagus salad!, Quote of the day  "Eating a raw oyster is like french kissing a mermaid." Tom Robbins, A very happy Mother's Day to the hardworking moms on our staff! Bernarda, Patrica and Jackie, we hope you are enjoying your day!, null, null, Yay Miss Kitty!!  , null, null, Hey Friends, if you have any photos from Sunday's Oyster Invitational: please share!!, And we're delighted to announce, we raised $14000 for Meet the Worms!!!  A huge accomplishment of generosity from all our friends and family! Y'all are AMAZING!!, Thanks to everyone-- guests, friends, purveyors, restaurants--who made our OI yesterday such a huge success, you all ROCK!! It was our best party ever!, Good morning friends!  Today is the day!  Doors open for Pearl Ticket holders at noon and OI General Admission at 1!!, Less than 48 hours left until OI!  Space is at a premium in our office, stacked with wine, programs, hot dog buns...every year we forget just how much room 1000 hot dog and hamburger buns really needs!, Wine deliveries for Sunday started today, and the new t-shirt is here! OI is just around the corner...are you getting excited?, Big Thanks to our fabulous neighbors, EyeQ,  who just donated 4 $100 Gift Certificates for prizes on Sunday's Balloon Pop! You guys rock!, null, What do these 3 chefs have in common?  They're cooking for you. And 9 of your nearest and dearest. At Chef Barbara's home.     

Yeah, it's pretty cool, if we do say so ourselves.   All you have to do is bid to win at our Silent Auction this Sunday!!, Silent Auction Item # 6!  A Table Top Tour of Italy with our wine director extraordinaire Cat Silirie!  Miss Kitty shares some of her favorite artisinal discoveries from Il Bel Paese paired the hand-made pastas and trattoria-inspired dishes of the Sportello crew, Looking for the perfect romantic surprise for your sweetie's upcoming birthday?  Win them Menton's Champagne and Caviar package.  Up for grabs at the Silent Auction on OI Sunday!!, Also up for auction at OI, our Surf & Turf Progressive dinner for 4.  Start with oysters, bubbles and appetizers at B&G, then settle in at The Butcher Shop for charcuterie, steaks, sausages and dessert.  Double date, anyone?  All proceeds of the silent auction go to Meet the Worms!, So you all know Chef Barbara enjoys training in the sparring ring. But her true fitness love is running in the hills near her Winchester home. Wanna train with BL? Bid on our Trail Run with Barbara package at the silent auction. Includes breakfast for 4 at Chef's home!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_04HIj_CCw4&context=C4780275ADvjVQa1PpcFOPozrIV3IZStCvoCvieVV6jPoR7mLcd-U=

Siena Farms has been a huge partner in the Meet the Worms! Project.  Check out this video of the children's field trip to the farm, and be sure to bid on the Siena Farms CSA and Private Garden tutor packages at the Silent Auction!  , Love learning about wine, oysters, cheese?  Curious about what goes on in the infamous Gruppo "Wine Words" classes?   We'll be auctioning of an invitation for two to "Wine Words" at the restaurant of your choice as part of the Oyster Invitational Silent Auction.  All proceeds benefit Meet the Worms!, The first weekend in May is a busy one for the gruppo: OI of course, but first, the Annual Run for the Roses Party at Drink!  , Want to learn how No. 9 Park makes such ethereal gnocchi?   Be sure to bid on the private pasta making class for two with Chef de Cuisine Patrick at the Silent Auction during the oyster invitational !, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZedemQRrVI&feature=relmfu  Favorite line in this video "We can eat them when they're good and juicy!"     Meet a few of the children learning the joys of gardening in this quick Meet the Worms! video, This is Chef Patrick Steele (also known as MC Patrick, and the Man of Steele) Patrick, our resident Rhodie expert and AM hot line cook,  will be leading our final Chef's Table of the Explorer Series this coming Thursday from 1 to 2. Get to know Patrick over A Tour of Rhode Island. 617-423-0550 for reservations, And to our Grand Prize Winner, SOKOL ZACE!!...2 Pearl tickets to the 2012 Oyster Invitational!  Congratulations to our dear friend, Sokol! See you at the party!!, So with out further ado... to our runners up, Melanie Hann and Chris Pavlov, we award 2 tickets to our Surf & Turf Smackdown on OI Sunday!  Congratulations you two, it was an amazingly tough fight!, To all of our Passporters ---all 236! of you--thank you for making this such a fun and competitive winter! You love oysters!!   In the end, it came down to 3 devoted oyster eaters, and as we mentioned,  it was a true race to the finish.   Our top 3 all made several stops in over the course last week, including 11th hour visits (literally!) on Sunday night to finish strong!, Last two days of our Oyster Passport competition and it's truly going to be a race to the finish as our front runners are neck and neck!   We'll announce the winner of the grand prize, two tickets to OI 2012, first thing on Marathon Monday, so stay tuned..., jumped the gun a little bit yesterday...take two...Patio Season 2012 begins NOW!, And in other news...Patio Season 2012 begins  NOW!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4qm_N-oS7A&feature=relmfu

This year's Oyster Invitatitional will benefit Meet the Worms! Over the next few weeks, we'll be using this space to introduce you to Meet the Worms! and the Blackstone students via some incredible videos.  First up: butter! , Busy couple of days coming up here; Point Judith Chef's Table Tomorrow with Chef Matt from 1 to 2pm (seats still available) and if the weather cooperates, the patio opens for the season!, THURSDAY APRIL 12th: CHEF’S TABLE  1pm to 2pm 
Point Judith
Situated on the South Coast of Rhode Island, Point Judith is home to one of New England’s last deep-sea fishing ports; daily catches include fluke, squid, and monkfish. Behind the busy docks and sandy dunes lies a long, shallow salt-pond, sanctuary for marine birds and abundant shellfish beds. Join B&G’s Sous Chef Matt Garland for a tour of this bountiful cape. 
617-423-0550 for reservations, WOW! You guys are AMAZING! We are sold out of General Admission tickets and Pearl tickets!  There are still a few seats left for The Surf and Turf Smackdowns at 12 pm, 1:30 and 3pm., Friends, we are thisclose to selling out of General Admission for the Oyster Invitational, so if you want to party with us on May 6th, please call soon! Joe is manning the phones in the office and would love to hear from you ;), We just sold out of the Pearl Tickets for this year's Oyster Invitational, but we still have General Admission and Smack down tickets still left! At this rate, it looks like they are going to sell out today, so give us a if you want to come!!, Today's the day my friends!  Tickets go on sale for the 2012 Oyster Invitationsl at 11am! We only have two phone lines, so please be patient with us if it takes a few tries to get through..., Welcome Perry!, What a gorgeous day for a little learning!! Super excited for today's 3 pm master class with Perry Raso of @matunuckoysterbar!, OI Tickets officially go on sale this coming Friday at 11 am!  Pearl Tickets, General Admission and the Surf & Turf Smackdown....
617-423-0550, Double Point Oyster on the list today, while supplies last!  Salish Sea from Cortez Island, British Columbia, Busy week for us here at B&G!  Thursday Masterclass with Perry Raso of Matunuck Oysters and OI Tickets go on sale on Friday at 11 am!, Heads up Passporters! We've got a fun new oyster for you today: Mobjacks from Virginia.   Quintessential Chesapeake oysters, sweet, creamy and earthy!  Check 'em out and check 'em off your passports (only two weeks left to play!), THURSDAY APRIL 5th: MASTER CLASS Life Aquatic: Adventures in Oyster Farming
 3  to 4 pm
Rhode Island native Perry Raso started his first shellfish business in Junior High School. These days, he’s the proprietor of the 7 acre Matunuck Oyster Farm and the very busy Matunuck Oyster bar. In his “spare time,” Perry travels to Africa and Asia, teaching aquaculture as a means of boosting healthy seafood stocks, creating jobs in coastal regions and restoring depleted fish species. Join this master waterman for a fascinating conversation on sustainability, community and innovation, as Perry recounts his adventures a sea and abroad, and shares his signature Matunuck oysters.  $35 includes a glass of wine, oyster samples, tax and tip.  By Reservation Only 617-423-0550, Some gorgeous shots of Perry Raso's  Matunuck Oyster Farm.  Meet Perry on April 5th at his MasterClass!, April is Rhody Month here at B&G, and we're celebrating all month longwith 3 amazing Explorers Series events.  First up, our Masterclass Life Aquatic: Adventures in Oyster Farming with Perry Raso of Matunuck Oyster Bar on Thursday April 5th from 3 to 4 !MasterClass is $35 and includes wine and nibbles.  Please call for reservations...

Rhode Island native Perry Raso started his first shellfish business in Junior High School. These days, he’s the proprietor of the 7 acre Matunuck Oyster Farm and the very busy Matunuck Oyster bar. In his “spare time,” Perry travels to Africa and Asia, teaching aquaculture as a means of boosting healthy seafood stocks, creating jobs in coastal regions and restoring depleted fish species. Join this master waterman for a fascinating conversation on sustainability, community and innovation, as Perry recounts his adventures a sea and abroad, and shares his signature Matunuck oysters., You ask and you shall receive...read on for all the deets on the 4th! Annual Oyster Invitational..., The Fourth Annual Oyster Invitational!, In response to lots of calls this week...Tickets for the 2012 Oyster Invitational will go on sale April 6th at 11 am!, An interview with Perry Raso, of Matunuck Oyster Bar on the subject of Aquaculture. For more on the subject, join us for Perry's MasterClass, Life Aquatic: Adventures in Oyster Farming on April 5th.  Call 617-423-0550 to reserve your spot, We're really looking forward to hosting our good friend Perry Raso of Matunuck Oyster Farm for his Master Class "The Life Aquatic: Adventures in Oyster Farming" on April 5th.  Check out this Serious Eats interview with Perry for a preview..., null, Hey Oyster Lovers, be sure to pop in for lunch over the next two weeks and take advantage of our Restaurant Week Oyster Special.  Chef's Choice 6 oysters for $12.  Available Sunday through Friday until 3:30., Restaurant Week starts tomorrow, running through March 30th!    Offering 3 course prix fixe lunch from open until 3:30 for $20.12 and 3 course prix fixe dinner from 5 pm until close for $33.12, We love our seafood, but we definitely have a soft spot for Chef Barbara's pasta! Bon Appétit Magazine has her amazing carbonara recipe, along with other egg-cellent dishes to try at home from top chefs Thomas Keller, Jose Andres, and Jean-Georges Vongerichten. , Papa Hemingway may have the most famous quote about oysters, but we like this one: "Oysters are the most tender and delicate of all seafoods. They stay in bed all day and night. They never work or take exercise, are stupendous drinkers and wait for all their meals to come to them" From Hector Bolitho's 1960 opus "The Glorious Oyster", First hints of a gorgeous green spring popping up in today's special entree:  Seared sea scallops with fresh fava bean puree, baby purple carrots, poached potatoes and pickled romesco., null, Continuing in the vein of things we're finding interesting; we love this image...a different take on an ingredient we use everyday, part of a series changing perspectives on food..., Taking a break from our usual scheduled programming, we'd like to make a quick book recommendation for this fascinating and informative book, The Secret Life of Lobsters.  Check out an interview with the author Trevor Corson, as well as an excerpt from the book..., Our fabulous host, Haley, setting up for tonight's Taste of the South End. See you there!, Did you catch Chef Stephen's Chef's Table on Chronicle last night?  Only 3 left in the series, including New York Classics this coming Thurday..., In an Empire State of Mind?  Join us on Thursday for our New York Classics Chef's Table.  Featuring Manhattan Clam Chowder and Delmonico's Lobster Newburg.  3 courses with wine just $45, lunch starts at 1 pm. Call today to reserve your spot.  617-423-0550, Calling all B&G Passporters! We just got in a super rare oyster, Canoe Lagoons, from Blaschke Island in Alaska! These guys hail from Alaska’s 17-million-acre Tongass National Forest, where the bears outnumber the people. They will be double pointers all weekend, although we only have 200, so head over soon!!, New York, New York! We still have space for next week's chef's table featuring classic New York dishes with B&G server, Chamath Ganepola. Call 617-423-0550 to reserve your spot today!, We are so excited to announce that fellow Barbara Lynch Gruppo restaurant Menton has been named Boston's first and only Relais & Châteaux property! Please take a moment to read this message from Chef Barbara regarding this incredible news., Menu changes coming next week! Stay tuned for details..., It's finally here! Today is Masterclass with Terry Theise and Odessa Piper. 5 flights of food, 9 wines, so much to do!, Oh hey, Spring, nice to see you! We weren't expecting you quite so early. Ah well, since you're here today, how about a lobster roll, a few wellfleets and a glass of Chablis?, Semi-finalists for this year's James Beard Foundation Awards were announced today. Congratulations to Wine Director Cat Silirie and our family at No. 9 Park (Outstanding Wine Program) and Drink (Outstanding Bar Program) and to all the wonderful people and places on the long list!, A little news update on the Explorer Series: Thursdays Masterclass with Odessa Piper and Terry Theise is officially sold out! We have also had to cancel next week's class with Blue Island Shellfish, however, you'll still get your chance to meet the crew: they'll be appearing at the 4th Annual Oyster Invitational in May!, What does this guy have to do with oysters? Find out on March 1st at our masterclass....617-423-0550 for more details and reservations..., Hey passporters: we've got a new oyster for you today: Ram Islands from Gales Ferry Connecticut.  Big and meaty!, Last day to vote! Please take a minute to support Jaime Davis, the lady behind the fabulous desserts at No. 9 Park. Thank you!, Skip the dinner rush and treat your sweetie to a glass of bubbles and a lobster roll for lunch today! Special by the glass, we are pouring Westport Rivers Blanc de Blancs, Nothing says "I love you" like sharing a whole fish!  Specials for two, starting tonight.  First up, a staff favorite:  whole grilled flounder with  garlic mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach and veal demi-gloss.  And the Baked Stuffed Lobster is back, stuffed with TBS's prosciutto sausage and served with a side of seafood cassoulet!, Still trying to figure out the perfect Valentine's Day gift: how about seats at one of our upcoming masterclasses?  On Thursday February 23rd, we welcome food and wine experts (and the stars of their own romantic love story) Terry Theise and Odessa Piper for "Walking on Water: Miraculous Wines for Seafood." A little further out, join the team of Blue Island Shellfish for "A Tour of Long Island Sound" on March 1st.  For more info or for reservations,give us a ring: 617-423-0550 and  check out our Notes for a full description of the Explorer Series., How cool is this! Go Jaime!

Via No 9 Park..." Our very own Jaime Davis is in the running for Food & Wine's People's Best New Pastry Chef for the Eastern US! Voting just opened, so please take a moment to show your support for Jaime and help her score a national nomination. Thanks from the No. 9 team!", Best post-Superbowl hangover cure: Lobster roll, french fries, & a Harpoon Munich Dark. For our Pats fans, come cheer up with some oysters & wine. For our Giants fans, come celebrate!, Happy Superbowl Sunday everyone! Stop in at anytime today and mention the code-word "puppybowl" to your server to receive a free sample of  our fried calamari. (And make sure to say "go Pats!" to Chamath, our resident Giants fan!), Just got the line up of wines for our February 23rd masterclass, Walking on Water: Miraculous Wines for Seafood with Terry Theise and Odessa Piper. Must say its a pretty miraculous (and long!) list of wines, some not even in the boston market yet!  Call today to reserve your spot, How to make a Superbowl Sunday with the New England Patriots playing even more super..., The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, it's B&G weather! Stop in for a lobster roll and some oysters with Hilary and Lexi.  (Sorry, no patio ;) ), Love French food?  Join us on Thursday for a classic French dejeuner with Angus Smith of Vineyard Road.  Start with Moules a la Creme and move on to Coquilles Saint Jacques with Beurre Blanc and Pommes Dauphinoise, while sampling gorgeous  wines from the Northern reaches of France. $45, 3 courses, 3 wines.  Call 617-423-0550 for reservations, Calling all Francophiles! Come have lunch with us and Angus Smith of Vineyard Road on Thursday.  Fruits de la Mer: Food and Wine of France is shaping up to be an amazing Chef's Table!  $45 for 3 course lunch, with wine and the incomparable Angus as your host!, Heads up Passporters! We've got a new oyster coming in tomorrow night, which we're very excited about: Milford Havens from Virginia! This little stretch of water--part of the southern Chesapeake Bay adjacent to Gwynn's Island--was named by Welsh settlers after the original Milford Haven in Wales, also renowned for delicious oysters. Milford Havens will be double point oysters all weekend, while supplies last., Did you know that the Chesapeake Bay was once a maritime version of the wild west, with gun fights over property rights to shellfish beds and men being shanghaiied onto the oyster boats?  Wanna know more? Grab the last few seats at tomorrow's Chef's Table featuring Chesapeake Classics.  2 course lunch with wine for $45 begins at 1 pm. Call for reservations 617-423-0550, Check out the schedule for our upcoming explorers series events...  This week: Chesapeake Classics, our chef's table hosted by GM Jen, (still a few spots available) In February, visits by the  wine pros at Vineyard Road and  Valkyerie Selections, as well as the ultimate Masterclass with Terry Theise and Odessa Piper!, Umami: the fifth taste; savory.  Also a wonderful oyster from Narragansett Bay, on the list today, which epitomizes the very definition of the word: complex, meaty, intense.  Check out this great clip from NPR then stop in to B&G and experience Umami for yourself, Hey Passporters, we've got a new oyster for you tonight.  Brought in by our friends Blue Island Shellfish Farms, we've got wild Fire Island Oysters from the beautiful barrier island off the Great South Bay,, How is it mid january already?  Reservations are now open for Valentine's Day, and Chef's are in the kitchen working on a special 3 course menu..., This week in the Explorer Series, A Tour of the Mid-Atlantic: Chef's Table with Chef Matt!  Once known as the “breadbasket colonies” the States of the mid-Atlantic cover the dairy farms and orchards of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, the seafood-rich shores of Maryland and Delaware, the potato and peanut farms of Virginia. Accompany B&G Sous-Chef Matt Garland on a table-side tour of this historic and bountiful region.  Thursday at 1 pm.  Call for reservations., Great masterclass today with Derek Whitaker of Atlantic Importing Company! Who knew the same beer could pair with oysters, eel, or blue cheese. Yup White Birch Brewing, we're talking about your smoked Tavern Ale. Missed the class? We've got most of the beers on special tonight and tomorrow, so pop in and see taste 'em for yourself!, Hey Passporters: we've got a new fave oyster from the West Coast: Fish Points from Washington State.  These beach raised oysters are full of melon and cucumber flavors, with a creamy texture and plenty of liquour.  If you like westies, you'll love these guys!, Post-tasting, chefs are riffing on themes of black and white... Shmaltz Brewing Co. and HE'BREW Beer's witbier: fluke, cucumber, effingham oysters...  White Birch Brewing's  smoked tavern ale: pumpernickle, black radish, eel..., Our chefs are in the kitchen with the beers for Thursday:  working on pairing 5 very unique brews with the perfect bar bite...so far we've overheard the words "smoke", "mussels", "lobster" and "pretzels." Wanna know what they're cooking up? Sign up for our Masterclass!, Might this beer be featured at Thursdays Masterclass with Atlantic Importing?  We love an old salt!, B&G Oysters
We've got the full line-up locked in for Thursday's masterclass with @Atlantic Importing, including the Albino Python from Shmaltz Brewing Co. and HE'BREW Beer!, THURSDAY JANUARY 12th: MASTER CLASS  Beers of the Eastern Seaboard   Brews for Bivalves and Beyond:
Join craft beer specialists, Adam Burnham and Derek Whitaker, of Atlantic Imports, for an afternoon of Suds and Seafood.  We’ll sample the East Coast’s best and most creative brews, from Delaware’s Dogfish Head to New Hampshire’s White Birch Brewing.  
By Advance Reservation only, call 617-423-0550, One of our favorite things with fried fish is a really hoppy IPA; the bitters cuts through the crispy fried deliciousness perfectly, and the 60 minute IPA from Dogfish Head Brewery is one of our favorites! Might it be one of the beers featured at our Masterclass on Thursday, Beers of the Eastern Seaboard?  Sign up today and find out!, Did you catch us on Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 Boston,  last night? If not check out this link!  We're the second half of the clip, after our pals over at Sweet CheeksQ. , Planning on attending our Beers of the Eastern Seaboard Masterclass?  It's by reservation only, so please call to guarantee  your space. 617-423-0550, Hey we're gonna be on TV!  Check us out on Chronicle Thursday night at 7:30 on Channel 5.  Rumor has it Chef Stephen is good on camera!, As a child, General Manager, Jen Pieters spent a lot of time on the eastern shore of Maryland, so she's got fond memories of the Bay and its food: crab cake sandwiches with Grandmother were a beloved annual tradition. Join Jen for a nostalgic look at some the Chesapeake's most classic foods, as she hosts our Chef's Table on January 26th., We love beer! (Well who doesn't, but that's beside the point...) So we are super excited for our upcoming masterclass "Beers of the Atlantic Seaboard: Brews for Bivales and Beyond" with the lads from Atlantic Imports. Looking forward to tasting ales from Dogfish, White Birch Brewing and more!, We're back!  Refreshed and renewed after our day off yesterday; come see us for lunch today!, Happy New Year to those near & dear (and those dear, yet far away too!). We will be closed for the day on Sunday; see everyone on Monday!!, Preparations are underway for tomorrow! Dinner service is sold out, but we will be opening at noon for lunch, and offering both the Hi-Rise and Shorty Stack Towers, as well as our well-stocked Bubble Bar!, Just a few reservations left for New Year's Eve, so if you are planning on joining us that evening, please call soon. Exceptionally, we are taking bar reservations after 5 pm, so walkin availability will be limited. 617-423-0550 or click the Open Table link to the left!, We're open from 12 to 4 today, so pop in and see us!  Jackie's on the bar, Chamath, Hilary and Andres V are rocking the floor,  Jen's manning the door,  Chef Stephen, Adriano and Alessandro are cooking away, and Mama Bernarda will be shucking all day!  Merry Christmas from all of us and the rest of the B&G Crew!!, Love how many regulars and repeat guests are reserved for Christmas Eve Day and New Year's Eve.  :) Champagne and oysters for all is our favorite holiday tradition!!  Just a reminder, we'll be closing at 4 pm tomorrow, closed all day on 25 and 26. So join us early tomorrow for yule luncheon festivities!, Terry Thiese, famed wine-importer extraordinaire, joined us for a holiday oyster lunch today.  All those bivalves must have been inspiring, because we now have a title for the Masterclass he will be teaching with his wife Odessa Piper. Join us on February 23rd for "Walking on Water: Miraculous Wines for Shellfish"  It's gonna be a cool one!, Still looking for the perfect gift?  Give the gift of education! Sign up for a masterclass for the New Year. We're particularly looking forward to Beers of the Eastern Seaboard in January, and Wine and Shellfish Pairing in February!  617-423-0550 for reservations, null, Fans of BIG oysters, have we got a beauty for you today!  Whale Rocks, from the Noank Hatchery in Mystic CT are specially cultivated for their size, perfect shape, and clean minerality. Expect them to be at least 4 inches in diameter!  On the list today, while they last., Riptide Oysters are some of our favorite local oysters.  If you haven't checked them off in your passport yet, tonight's your night!   While supplies last!, Due to scheduling problems, we have unfortunately had to postpone our Masterclass with Pat and Barb Woodbury.  But never fear, they'll be joining us in April, full of stories, tales and Notes from Underwater..., Hey friends, B&G will be closing at 4pm this afternoon for our annual holiday party. Stop in for lunch and nag your lobster roll early, or just swing by tomorrow, Monday, when we resume normal business hours., Passporters, we've got a fun oyster for you to try out tonight: the Kusshi Oyster--aka Chef Stephen's favorite west coast oyster. "Kusshi" is Japanese for "precious" and these diminutive oysters from British Columbia are definitely precious, not to mention tasty. Kumamoto lovers will enjoy their small size, plump meat, and extra clean flavors., "“…the Woodburys are a prime example of what can be accomplished if you have a product you believe in, undying devotion to your craft, and a roll-up-your-sleeves (and sometimes pant legs!) determination.“ Art Culinaire    We couldn't have said it better ourselves! Come meet Pat & Barb at our 1st Master class of the season, this coming Wednesday from 3 to 4.  Call or stop in for a reservation, Hey Passporters: Did you miss out on the Snug Harbors last week?  They're back again today!  This new Duxbury oyster, in its first harvest season, got rave reviews from guests at its debut. Plump, pure salinity, with a  nice clean finish; it's a classic Massachusetts oyster., Only 2 seats left at The Chef's Table on Thursday! Don't you want to have lunch with Chef Stephen?, Click here for the full schedule of The Explorer Series. Including a Masterclass on "Pairing Wine and Shellfish"  with gastronomic gurus , Terry Theise and Odessa Piper, as well as a visit from the team at Atlantic Imports who bring us  "Beers of the Eastern Seaboard". , Curious about Pat Woodbury, ( WOODBURYshellfish) star of our upcoming MasterClass (with his lovely wife, Barb) and grower of our delicious littlenecks? Check out his blog, notes from underwater, then join us on December 14th from 3 to 4 to meet the real deal.  617-423-0550 for rezzies!, Last summer, GM Jen and Chef Stephen spent a morning on the tidal flats with Pat Woodbury, ( WOODBURYshellfish) learning about clams, the tides, theater and life. It was an wonderful day. There will be no waders involved in Pat and Barb's MasterClass on December 14th, but it should be an equally amazing and informative afternoon! Class is $35 and includes an hour lecture, tastes of the Woodbury's harvest and a glass of wine., Hey Passporters!  We are excited to announce a brand new oyster to our list AND our first DOUBLE POINT oyster! Starting tonight and while supplies last we will be offering Snug Harbor Oysters from Duxbury.  Grown in the pristine waters of Duxbury Bay, this is the very first harvest of this oyster, and we are super excited to offer them tonight!, Hey Friends, just a reminder that B&G will be closing at 8 pm tonight and be closed all day Thursday for the Thanksgiving holiday, reopening on Friday at 11:30. Until then, we are open all day, so take a break from your shopping and cooking to pop in for some oysters or a lobster roll  with David and Hilary., Leading up to our Masterclass with Pat and Barb Woodbury on Dec 14th, we have 2 wonderful Massachusetts focused Chef's Tables.  First up, at 1 pm on Dec 1st: A Tour of Cape Cod with B&G Server, Nikki Auger.  An oyster tour of our local "merroir" from Buzzard's Bay to the Outer Cape, will be followed by a luncheon of classic local seafood.  On Dec 8th, join Chef de Cuisine, Stephen Oxaal for a study of littleneck clams in all their culinary glory.  $45 per person, Only 8 seats available per table.  Please call 617-423-0550 for reservations., Delighted to announce that reservations are now open for our very first MasterClass of the Explorer Series!  Join Pat and Barb Woodbury of WOODBURYshellfish for  on Wednesday, December 14th from 3 to 4, for Notes from Underwater.  Call 617-423-0550 to reserve your spot. Class is $35 and includes complementary tastes, a glass of wine and a one hour lecture., The Explorer Series, We always get excited when there are Little Bays on the oysters list. Little Bays are New Hampshire's only commercial grown oyster. Raised in suspension the Great Bay Estuary (at the mouth of the Piscataqua River)  by Will and Jocelyn Carey, Little Bays never touch the silty bottom of the bay. These oysters tend to be on the smaller side,  nice and plump with mid-level salt and a sweet finish., When an oyster is new to us, the first place we go is to The Oyster Guide, our good buddy Rowan Jacobsen's website.  He has only great things  say about Cuttyhunks. , New to the Oyster list: Cuttyhunk Oysters from the West End Pond and Cuttyhunk Harbor on Cuttyhunk Island. Scarcely populated, Cuttyhunk boasts some of the most pristine waters in Buzzards Bay, Hey Passporters, we've got an oyster on the list today that we don't see too frequently: Hurricane Islands from Little Shemogue Bay in New Brunswick. A classic Canadian oyster: briny and clean with the depth of flavor that only cold, cold waters can bring.  Don't have your oyster passport yet? Stop in today and sign up for one!, We actually just put this beer on draft! We've only got a few kegs of it, so expect it to only be around for a few weeks.  Hoppy, raisin-y and rich, its a perfect fall beer. , Introducing our new OYSTER PASSPORTS! Keep track of the all the different oysters you try over the winter and win prizes while you are at it. Ask for your free passport today!, Fall Festival is starting right now!!  The heaters are blasting, Chef Stephen is warming up his shucking arm, Katrina is painting faces, Sportello donuts are waiting to be eaten!  Festivities until 4 pm. jack o'lantern judging at 3 pm!, We knew the sun would come out!  Bundle up and pop in to our fall festival today from 12 to 4 on the heated patio. Featuring $2 blue points and pine island oysters, face painting , apple bobbing (no dunking required) and our new beer from Harpoon Brewery, their 100 Barrel Series release Docesna Czech Hop Harvest!, Well this weather is a bummer! Not looking too good for our Fall Festival tomorrow, but as they say, you never know what the weather will do in New England, so we're hopeful the storm will clear out early! Stay tuned and we'll let you know first thing tomorrow if the show will go on..., As the weather drops you may think red, but B&Gers prefer a warming white to get us through the colder days. Check out Boston Chefs Drink Like a Pro section to read more!, Bakeen!, You have all heard of our weekly staff training sessions  Wine Words, time shared occasionally with Beer Babbles.  Today we welcome Steve Dulock, owner of Sunny's Seafood, for our first ever Fish Tales!, One week left until our Fall Festival! Have you figured out your pumpkin for our jack o'lantern contest? Extra points for B&G themed pumpkins! Judging at 3 pm on Sunday, but feel free to drop them off from noon on., The Baked Stuffed Lobster is back! Tonight starting at 5 pm, served with foie gras mac n'cheese and running as long as they last. Only 14 orders in house!, The Riptides we've got on the raw bar today are about 2 to 3 inches bigger than these little guys, but maybe they'll be ready for next years Oyster Invitational?, What are you doing on October 30th? Only two weeks until our Fall Festival!, Oh my, is that the sun we see?!  Take advantage of this crisp fall day on the heated patio. We've got new menu items for you to try!, New on the dinner menu starting tonight: Scallop  Carpaccio with celery root puree, pickled honshimeji mushrooms and pearl onions, What glorious weather! We love Indian Summer!  The patio is open all weekend so stop in a sample some of our new fall appetizers: including Atlantic Whiting with Georgia Candy Pumpkin and Lardo!, Today our beloved Office Manager (and oh-so-talented "Artist in Residence") Andrea's last day with us. Sad to see her go, but we wish her all the best!  We hpe you enjoy her representation of B&G as much as we do..., Here's a quick map situating Saint Bris in relation to Chablis; truly neighbors!   Photo courtesy of Sylvain Pitiot & Jean-Charles Servant "Les Vins de Bourgogne", Considered one of Burgundy's more unusual appellations, AOC Saint Bris is actually situated in the Auxerrois, and may have more in common with the nearby vineyards of the Loire. It is the only appellation in Burgundy to be planted with Sauvignon Blanc and Gris, both of which thrive on it's chalky, fossil-filled soils.   We've got a new one by the glass, the 2009 Goissot,  and consider it perfect for sipping with oysters!, New by the Glass: 2009 Goissot Sauvignon de Saint Bris.   Our friends at Polaner Selections have this to say "Jean-Hughes Goisot plants his Sauvignon vines on cooler, north-facing slopes on extremely chalky Kimmeridgian soil. ("Exogyra Virgula" is the latin name for the small, fossilized shells found in this soil.) Consequently, he harvests late and brings in very ripe fruit that benefits from a longer and slower growing season. In fact, of all his white grapes, the Sauvignon is always the last to be harvested. . A small portion -- one-third or less -- of Goisot's Sauvignon is vinified and aged in oak. The result is at once bright and rich, mineral and floral, with aromas of cassis-flower, mint, and red grapefruit.", Chef Janessa from the Sportello pastry department is spending the day with us today.  Stay tuned for exciting new dessert collaborations!, What a glorious day!  Take advantage of the weather and join us on the patio for a late lunch or early dinner!, null, Beautiful photos of Harvest 2011 at Balletto, makers of one of our favorite Pinot Noirs, The parade of new fall beers continues: this time we've had Wychcraft, from Wychwood Brewery in the UK.  Their website is pretty magical, take a peek for yourself, then pop into B&G for a taste test!, Oktoberfest started yesterday in Munich and here at B&G as well! New on draft for a short time only: Weihenstephaner Festbier straight from Germany, and Harpoon Munich Dark!, It's back!! 2010 Loimer Cuvee Cat for B&G Oysters Gruner Veltliner is in house; we're offering by the glass, starting tonight.  The new vintage has gorgeous tropical fruit, and a spicy finish. We think it will be ideal with west coast oysters.  Stop in tonight and try it with Olympic Miyagi and Gold Creeks, As fall approaches, our beer list is starting to shift. First up, a new offering from Dark Horse Brewing in Marshall Michigan.  They have this to say:  " The Reserve Special is the oldest of all beers in the Dark Horse family. It has an incredibly “thick” presence and when poured into a glass its color is so dark it’s eerie.  The flavors explode onto your taste buds with heavy malt, roast, and chocolate, but stay very balanced.."   Dark beer is great with oysters, we tested the special reserve with Pleasant Bays and Chathams and loved it!, Sounds like a perfect wine for B&G! We already love his Ciliegiolo and Pigato. Very limited release:  here's hoping Miss Kitty can score some!!, What a gorgeous holiday weekend! We'll be closed on Monday for a little holidaying of our own, so pop in tonight and tomorrow for your oyster fix!, Checking in with some of our purveyor friends post-Irene.  Cotuit reports "We survived the storm! Out of all the floating gear, we only had 10 bags break open. Winds were E ESE then switched S SW with gust to 63mph. Learned quite a bit from this storm.", null, null, After our brief summer "snow-day" B&G is back open again today on this gorgeous late summer after noon! Perfect day for some oysters: Chef's choice today: Nausets and Chathams, Tonight, our beloved maitre d', Maribel, is working her last shift with us before she heads on to new adventures!  Stop in for a glass of wine and to wish her well, you might even get a hug!, Did you miss out on the yogurt ice cream with compressed melon and peppercorn syrup that we offered for restaurant week? Good news! It's on the regular menu starting today!, Only 4 days left to get  your restaurant week on!  Join us for lunch now through Friday: 3 courses for only $20.11. The Yogurt Ice cream with compressed melon and black peppercorn syrup is heavenly!!, While in Wellfleet, Stephen and Jen learned that Pat Woodbury will always harvest more littlenecks than he expects to need for the day, in case any last minute orders come in. Those that don't sell get brought back to the flats the next day and put back on the beds.  The clams burrow themselves into the sand and continue to live happy clam lives, getting fatter and sweeter,  up until the next time that bed gets raked., Chef Stephen and GM Jen spent yesterday morning down in Wellfleet, with our favorite littleneck farmer, Pat Woodbury. After a morning of cleaning algae and muck off of clam beds with giant squeegees, we have a whole new appreciation for those sweet little morsels, and the man who grows them!, getting down and dirty with the woodbury shellfish  crew!, Our patio just got a face-lift with some new swanky tables. Swing by to check them out and dine al fresco under the stars tonight!, Blue skies, bright sun, not too hot: what a glorious day for a little lunch on the patio!  Staff pick for today: '09 Donnhoff Oberhauser Spatlese Riesling. Pratically made to go with the Lobster BLT!, and here's a link to Chef BL's advice for those wanting to try their hand a deep-frying at home..., Chef Barbara's Tips on Deep-Frying, We've had some requests lately for the secret of our fried oysters so we're giving it away! The key is a super light dredge of just 5 parts flour to 2 parts semolina. Toss your freshly shucked oysters in the flour mixture and shake off any excess. Fry lightly in 100% vegetable oil , heated to 350 degrees, remove from oil and drain, immediately salt to taste and serve in the half-shell with tartar sauce!, From the Restaurant Week Menu: Fried Oyster BLT!, Restaurant Week starts tomorrow and the kitchen is prepping away!  Join us Sunday through Friday for two weeks for a 3 course luncheon for $20.11!  Not an RW fan? Come in for dinner, it'll be business as usual., The website for Weingut Josef Leitz is pretty fantastic, packed with interesting stories and images. Sure to inspire you stop in for "The Festival of Leitz!"   , The Summer of Riesling continues with "The Festival of Leitz!"  Join us this week as we pour three wines by the glass from the man named German Winemaker of the Year by Gualt Millau, Curiosity sparked by the term "Mouse Melons?"    Apparently they are "kissing cousins to a cucumber" but look like coin-sized watermelons. Can't wait to try them ourselves, Eavesdropping on Sous Chef Matt's phone call with a local farmer....he's looking for lemon cucumbers, persian cucumbers and "mouse melons."  Also known as "mexican sour gherkins."  We sense a summer cucumber salad on the horizon!, Some pretty amazing photos from the Hama Hama Oyster crew of the tidal flats in  Washington's Hood Canal, New on the menu: Peach Tartlet with local peaches from Harvard, MA., Today is National Oyster Day!  Test your oyster know-how with this Oyster Crossword, then stop in a slurp down a few cold ones at the Obar!!, Check out B&G's Lobster BLT featured on an episode on Toni On!, We're considering adding a weekend lunch menu, so today and tomorrow we'll be serving our Monday thru Friday lunch menu to see how it goes. Always wanted to try our Tuna Club Sandwich, but stuck in the office during the week?  Here's your chance!, Corn Veloute with lobster and chervil: new on the menu tonight!, Last summer we launched our Benefit the Gulf project, a fundraiser to help support the devastated fishing and harvesting communities in Louisiana...a year later, we're looking forward to this documentary on the aftermath and reconstruction..., taking a break from restaurant week planning and the summer of riesling, we found this great op/ed piece from one of our favorite writers, Paul Greenberg the author of Four Fish: The Future of the Last Wild Food. , Native Stripers and Verrill Farm's Corn! Summer's bounty is here!  New on the menu: Massachusetts Striped Bass served over corn, bacon and baby fennel with a roasted pepper relish, and Sweet Corn on the Cob with cilantro butter.  So good!, Our Summer of Riesling would not be anywhere near as much fun without the wines of Terry Theise. Here, the iconic importer expounds on why Riesling is the greatest grape in the world!, We're super excited about the newest addition to our beer list, Sorachi Ace, from beer guru and Brooklyn's Brewmaster Garrett Oliver.  $23 for the big bottle!  Amazing with fried seafood!, Restaurant Week 2011 fast approaches!  Check our the lunch menu in our new note., They look a bit skeptical, don't they?. But you all know, one bite, and you'll be forever converted!, Apparently Canadians don't hold grudges!  A nice shout out from the Calgary Herald..., Gorgeous special tonight! Octopus Cianfotta, inspired by the Neapolitan summer vegetable stew, chock full of zucchini, fennel, lima beans, kale and cherry tomatoes., Concierges deserve lobster too! Tonight Chef Stephen, Bernarda, Lily and Maribel served mini lobster rolls to 300 of the nation's top hotel concierges, Les Clefs d’Or, at The Revolutionary Taste of Boston., Plant the Seed at No. 9 Park: dine with our fabulous farmers!, Last stop for our recycled oyster shells..., Remember those recycled shells from OI?  Here they are under 4 feet of water, covered in oyster babies, ready to be transplanted to their permanent home, Check out B&G's Lobster BLT featured in the July issue of Boston Magazine, or come in and try it for your self!, We are signing off for two days. Happy Fourth of July everyone and we'll see you back on the patio starting on the 5th!!!, Just a reminder, we are closed Sunday and Monday, so come visit us today and tomorrow!, Baked Stuffed Lobsters are back again tonight, but there are only 2, so hurry in and grab one!!, Thrilled to welcome our new host, Lily, to the B&G staff. Be sure to say hi!, Hey friends, B&G will be closed on Sunday July 3rd and Monday July 4th to give our staff a well deserved break. But there's a bunch of sunny days on the horizon before then, so stop in this week for some lobster love!, Baked Stuffed Lobsters are back at B&G tonight, but we only have 2! A 3.25lb-er and a 4.25lb-er, so come in early and grab one before they go!, One of our favorite purveyors, Pat Woodbury (who supplies us with  deliciously sweet and salty littlenecks) also keeps a blog: notes from underwater.   , Well that was fast!  All 5 of the baked stuffed lobster have already sold! Stayed tuned, we'll let you know when it's back again., 2.5lb lobsters have big claws!  Baked Stuffed Lobsters on special tonight!, The Baked Stuffed Lobster is back and on special tonight!   We've got 5 2.5lb lobsters, stuffed with chorizo breadcrumbs and served with a potato-onion gratin.  Grab 'em early, they won't last all night!, Chef Stephen and a bunch of other folk hold forth on what makes the best lobster roll..., Celebrate the Summer Solstice with summery things:   riesling, lobster rolls, fried clams, rose, oysters on ice,  strawberry tarts... patios!, What a gorgeous day!  Dare we say summer has arrived?   In any case, it's fried clams weather, so pop in and let Iza whip you up a batch, Freaky weather! The patio is open again after that quick shower and we're playing it by ear for the rest of the night. Stop in and say hi!, Braving the parade madness? Head our way for a break from the crowds!  Checking out the South End Garden Tour? Be sure to stop in for a glass of wine!, Perfect Patio Weather!  See you at lunch!, Native strawberry season is short and sweet. Take advantage of it with our new Strawberry Tart, filled with Verrill Farms berries and pastry cream., Chefs Stephen and Colin in the middle of last night's Lobster Roll Rumble, sponsored by Tasting Table, Couldn't make the Lobster Roll Rumble last night?  Fortunately Serious Eats was there taking pictures, Hey Friends,   B&G will be closed tomorrow night starting at 4pm for a private event, so get your oyster fix in today!, Break out your shakers, it's summer entertaining time! Beef up your at-home bar tending know-how with the summer bar class series with the talented bar team at No. 9 Park. Head to the hill on Saturdays starting June 11, this weekend, until July 2 from 2:30-4:30 to learn, sip, and snack for $75 per person. Call No. 9 at 617.742.9991 to reserve your spot!, Chefs Stephen and Colin are en route to New York to compete in tonight's Lobster Roll Rumble! Here's wishing them luck in bringing home the golden lobster!! Rock it Chefs!, Got the monday blues? Nothing a round of oysters on the patio can't cure...., Check out this quick video of Frank Bruni, and our friend Paul Greico sparring over riesling, then stop in to B&G for one of our riesling glass pours and decide for yourself..., The Summer of Riesling starts today! We will be offering 3 different Rieslings by the glass all summer. To start, we have an Austrian, a German, and an Alsatian. Stop in to taste their unique differences!, Naked Cowboys are developing a cult following in New York, but they're new to Boston and we've got 'em!  We think they're delicious, and so does our good buddy, Rowan... On the list for lunch today, stop in a try for yourself!, Recycled oysters from the Oyster Invitational, doing some good with the Mass Oyster Project!, null, B&G is heading to New York on June 9th, to go head to head for the title of the country's best lobster roll. Get your tickets now, and come support your favorite Boston Oyster Bar!, Thundershowers return tonight, but the sun is out now! Take a break from your Tuesday and join us for a seafood lunch on the patio., New on the  menu tonight: Wild Virginia Catfish, with spring vegetables and pea broth. Also new, Salted Chocolate Ice Cream with White Chocolate Biscotti, You said you wanted softshells, so we've got 'em for you! New on the menu tonight: Maryland Softshell Crab with horseradish aioli, haricots verts, breakfast radish and pear tomatoes.  A perfect patio snack!, A break in the clouds! Is that the sun peaking out?  We're opening up the patio this afternoon, so start your weekend early, and join us for some oysters al fresco!, President Obama's not the only VIP in the South End today! Winemaker David Hirsch joined us today for WineWords to present the new vintage of Storyteller's Pinot Noir (Book 3)  and tell the Story of the Great White Bird., As the weather gets warmer (okay, sort of) Maine oysters start popping up on our lists again.  Tonight we've got Spinney Creeks, from Eliot, ME.     These wild oysters are hand harvested by divers (now we get why they aren't available in winter!) and have a sweet, clean, salty flavor.  Delicious!, Our special tonight: Mediterranean dorade over a spring vegetable ragu of morels, asparagus, peas, carrots and fiddleheads and a sweet pea broth., Have you tried our new beer from Blue Point Brewery, Hoptical Illusion?, B&G Oysters is looking for an experienced host/reservationist to join our team this summer! Please send all cover letters and resumes to lrosenbloom@bandgoysters.com or apply in person at 550 Tremont St., Making a special appearance tomorrow just for Mother's day: Fried Soft Shell Crab and the Baked-Stuffed Lobster!, Our sister restaurant, Menton, is up for the James Beard Award for Best New Restaurant next week, and the Readers' Choice Awards today. Vote now through tomorrow at noon!, We are delighted announce we raised $4,336 on Sunday to benefit The Food Project. This money will be used in their urban greenhouse initiative, helping to bring agriculture to urban schools and fight childhood obesity!  Thank you to all for your generosity and making The 3rd Annual Oyster Invitational such a success!, Didn't catch the restaurant heat on Sunday. Watch it here!, null, Thank you to everyone who came out and made OI 2011 A huge success! We should have a final total on funds raised for The Food Project later today. In the meantime, if you have photos, please share!, What a gorgeous day for an oyster party!  OI 2011 is only a few hours away!, Thank you to all who bought tickets to this year's SOLD OUT Oyster Invitational!  To all our friends who are unable to join us on Sunday, we hope to see you next year!   Thanks for supporting The Food Project, Our summer beers are arriving! New on Draft tonight: Harpoon UFO White! And by the Bottle: Hoptical Illusion from the Blue Point Brewing Company., Ever wanted to have your own private chef?  We can make it happen! Bid on a home-cooked meal for 8 by B&G's own Chef de Cuisine Stephen Oxaal or Sous-Chef Matt Garland at Sunday's Silent Auction. Minimum Bid $300, Just a Few Places Left at Chef Barbara's Pop Up Tonight 4.28!, The BL Gruppo Wine Collection:  up for grabs at Sunday's Oyster Invitational Silent Auction.  Minimum Bid $175.  Proceeds to benefit The Food Project, The heated patio is open for the afternoon, so stop by for a dozen oysters and a glass of rosé!, 9 at Twelve: An Impromptu Evening of Dining and Design, New on the lunch menu: Seared Tuna Salad with Grilled Romaine, Anchovy Dressing and Sweet Chilis.  Smoky, salty, sweet, spicy, crunchy, and delicious!, Did you know that Beach Point Oysters were featured on the very first B&G Oyster lists, 7 years ago?  We're super excited to welcome the grower of Beach Points, Mark Begley, to the Oyster Invitational this year!, Patriots Day?  We prefer to think of it as Patio Day!  Clear skies until 7 pm, so come celebrate the holiday with us, some oysters and a bottle of the new Txakoli rosé! (PS...the patio is heated!), April showers....closing the patio for the rest of the day, but it should be beautiful out there tomorrow!  Get away from marathon madness and come hang out with us..., Spring is here and the patio is OPEN!, What a perfect afternoon for lobster rolls and rosé!, Have you been in to try any of the new spring dishes yet?  Favas, spring peas and asparagus abound! More changes tonight and Monday..., Our new outdoor cooler was delivered today. We're hoping to kick off patio season this weekend: stay tuned for the exact date!!, Get your Rappahannock on!  Today is the last day of our $1 oyster $1 beer special.  11:30 to 4:30, see you in a few!, Our friends at No. 9 Park just told us there are only 16 seats left for their Jasper Hill Farm dinner on April 13! Meet Jasper Hil's owners, operators and rock stars Andy and Mateo Kehler over cheese and Prosecco at the 6:30 pm reception for $35, or enjoy both the reception and a four-course dinner with wine pairings featuring JHF favorites like Constant Bliss for $95. Call 617.742.9991 for reservations!, Meet Chris from Cotuit. He was one of the first growers to sign on for year 1 and after a break last year, he'll be back at OI on Sunday May 1st. We hope he brings Moe!, Our friends at Orinoco have signed on to the star-studded roster of chefs attending  this year's Oyster Invitational on Sunday, May 1st!  Looking forward to amazing Venezuelan oyster ceviche!!!  You got your tickets yet?, New by the glass! 2010 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence. Perfect with tonight's special: Striped bass over lobster roe spaetzel, lobster reduction fresh fava beans and topped with wild ramps, Do you have your Oyster Invitational Tickets yet?   The Stir classes are almost entirely sold out, but we still have general admission available. Hit us up at 617-423-0550., Today's $1 oysters are Blue Points, the classic cocktail oyster from Long Island Sound!  Join us from 11:30 to 4:30 for oysters and beers!, Oyster Invitational tickets go on sale tomorrow morning at 11am!!
$70/ticket or $100 for the deluxe ticket including general admission and a Stir class on Champagne and Oysters taught by our staff., An Evening with Jasper Hill Farm at No. 9 Park, We've got a great line up of restaurants on board for the 3rd Annual Oyster Invitational including Neptune Oysters, Summer Shack, and  Garden at the Cellar.  More to come...get your tickets starting on Monday!, Tickets for the Oyster Invitational go on sale in a little less than a week!!!  Call us starting on Monday, April 4th for tickets to our 3rd Annual OI.  $70/ticket or $100 for the deluxe ticket including general admission and  a Stir class on Champagne and Oysters taught by our staff., Tonight's special--Shaved Asparagus salad with fresno chilies, red onion, parmesan cheese and sauce gribiche--has us dreaming of spring and reaching for glasses of Gruner Veltliner.  Perfect match with our Cuvee Cat from Loimer!, As part of the Oyster Invitational, we also offer mini Stir classes, taught by our very knowledgable staff.  This years theme is one of our favorite combos: Champagne and Oysters!, Major planning in the works for the 3rd Annual Oyster Invitational, on Sunday, May 1st !  We're delighted to announce the line up of Oyster Farmers joining us this year:  Beach Point, Cotuit, and Moon Shoal from Cape Cod, as well as Matunuck and Salt Pond from Rhode Island.  Tickets go on sale April 4th!, Special tonight: Sauteed Ipswich razor clams with parsley, shallots and chorizo., An oyster museum?  We can get behind that idea!  Proposed by our friend Richard Rush, editor-in-chief of The Oyster Information Newsletter, Yeah, that's snow.  Good day to hang out over $1 oysters and big bowls of lobster bisque. Come spend the after noon with us!, Last day of Restaurant Week today; last day for brown butter panna cotta. Sad to see it go!, Brown-butter panna cotta with carmelized bananas and candied hazelnuts, Early sketches for this year's Oyster Invitational artwork, A beautiful shot of our Fried Oyster BLT served at The Taste of the South End, taken by http://freefoodboston.wordpress.com, Stop on by for some briny goodness, $1 Oysters and Restaurant Week all afternoon., The Bruery's Saison de Lente:  Nice match with our Barbancourt Rum Cake., Heading to Extreme Beerfest @ Cyclorama? Stop in and see us for a dozen oysters and a bottle of Saison de Lente from The Bruery, The Legend of Komo Gway: Ruler of the Underseas, Today we're featuring Komo Gway oysters, a beach raised oyster from Baynes Sound, in British Columbia. Delightfully salty-sweet, with strong cucumber flavors,  Komo Gways are farmed by the K'omoks First Nation, and named for the Native American Ruler of The Underseas, null, Chefs Matt and Javier setting up for Taste of the South End!!, $1 Oyster days, Restaurant Week and Taste of the South End at the Cyclorama tonight; what a busy day at B&G Oysters!   Be sure to stop by our booth tonight for Fried Oyster BLTs!, Premeal for Restaurant Week, We've got spring on the brain here at B&G.   March Restaurant week starts on Sunday, and the 3rd Annual Oyster Invitational is only 2 months away!  Stayed tuned here for OI details, but first come join us for RW Lunch or Dinner. 617-423-4800 for reservations..., More from the Virginia Files: Bar Cat Oysters, named after the small, open boat that many Chesapeake Bay watermen have traditionally used. The oysters are mildly briny with a clean, crisp finish. Mid-sized. Available October through June., Bah, the Monday blues are definitely back on this soggy day. But so are $1 oysters $1 beers. Come feast on Chincoteagues and let Nikki and Chamath entertain you!  11:30 to 4:30., This time next week it'll be Restaurant Week!  Dinner reservations are filling up fast, but still plenty of lunch reservations left. Call 617-423-0550. Nathan's here all day and he'd love to talk with you!!, New on draft tonight for a few short weeks: Harpoon Celtic Ale, What are you doing on Sunday? We're working, but if we weren't. we'd be going to the Oscar Party at Drink. " $75 for three plates, three drinks, entry into the Best/Worst dressed competition, a ton of fun, and a wee bit of shenanigans."  We love Shenanigans!  Call (617) 695-1806 to reserve.", With winter temps making oyster harvesting a real challenge for the folks up in Canada and Maine, lately we've been featuring a lot of lesser-known Virginia oysters on the list. Today we've got Stingrays, which are named after the Bay oyster's chief predator.   "Drawn from the pristine waters of Mobjack Bay, Stingrays are the quintessential Chesapeake Bay oyster: sweet and mildly briny with a clean, crisp finish", null, The are about 14 spots left for the impromptu tasting at Menton tonight.   It's 5 courses for $90.  If you're interested give them a call 617.737.0099, Tuesday Chef Stephen led a Pacific Cod demo at the NE Aquarium's Seafood Dinner. Here's a recap, with pix, Where are you going for Restaurant Week?  B&G of course!  Moules Frites, Lobster Arancini, Brown Butter Pannacotta and more..., SPRING RESTAURANT WEEK  Sunday, March 6 through Friday, March 11, and  Sunday, March 13 through Friday March 18, We learned last week that Chincoteague Oysters are super briny due to the island's location of the coast of Virginia--pure Atlantic salt water!  Come try for your self: they're on special today for $1,  11:30 to 4:30., Happy Valentine's Day everyone!  Celebrate with $1 oysters from 11:30 to 4:30!  We've also got 1/2 bottles of Lucian Crochet Sancerre--perfect for sharing with your sweeie over a platter of oysters., we invited The Feast writer Leah Mennies to sit in on Rowan's staff training. Here's her 101., Claw of a 4.25 lb lobster.  On special tonight, baked and stuffed with chorizo breadcrumbs and lemon pepper aioli, served with a side of potato gratin., Columnist Jeannie Greeley weighs in on oysters as aphrodisiacs.  We say  "try it for yourselves!", A dozen roses? Nahh. This year, give your sweetie a dozen oysters for Valentine's day, and reap the rewards, Here's a clip from Rowan's Stir class last night. Want more? Come meet him tonight from 5:30 to 7:30, We'll be closed today from 1 to 5 for Rowan's staff training on oysters.  Reopening at 5 for booksigning and Rowan guest shucking, $1 Oysters today until 4:30: Chincoteagues from Virginia.  And Schaeffer beers too!, Rowan is planning on working the shucking station on Tuesday!! We figure he's pretty good with a shucking knife. C'mon out and say hi to this amazing author, and taste a few of his favorite oysters: Tuesday 5:30 to 7:30, null, Want to meet the author we talk so much about?  Rowan Jacobsen will be hanging out at B&G, signing books and slinging oysters on Tuesday night from 5:30 until 7:30. Stop in, meet the master, and try a few of his favorite oysters while you're here., Appetizer Special Tonight: Baked Stuffed Jonah Crab with Avocado Salad., Wintery Mix is the worst!  Today's password is "slush."  Tell your server and score a warm and tasty surprise from us., Brave the storm and make your way to B&G! Use the password "snowflake" for a warming treat from us!, Here's an historical essay from the New York Times, published May 16th 1880, on James River oysters, this week's featured oyster for our new $1 oyster special.  Give 'em a try: Monday and Tuesday 11:30 to 4:30, Get yer oyster on! Starting this week,  B&G will be offering $1 oysters, $1 beers from 11:30 to 4:30 on Mondays and Tuesdays.  Kicking off this week with James Rivers from the Chespeake Bay area, Do you have your Valentine's day plans sorted out yet? Share a shorty stack with your sweetie, or spoil them with our 5 course chef's tasting menu.   Reservations still available: click on the reservations box above, or call us at 617-423-0550, Brushing up on our oyster geography: group study session takes over the b&g office., Jackie and Heather sorting out the rhody map, Gearing up for today's staff training, an oyster map project., Miss Andrea, our office manager and resident artist, hard at work on a map; already-completed  Rhode Island in the background, The beginning of a PEI map, You can now make reservations directly through our facebook page.  Click on the reservations tab above, and you'll be good to go!, A silly little oyster song to lighten the day!, What are you doing for brunch?  We've got a mean fried oyster breakfast sammmy on special..., We talk a lot about Rowan Jacobsen around these parts, so we're super excited that he'll be teaching a staff training  oyster"Masterclass" in early february. He's also going to be teaching a class at Stir on Taste of Place that same week and doing a public book signing  here at B&G, so stay tuned for details here!, Hey Lovebirds, got your Valentine's Day reservations yet? Call us. 617-423-0550., Regulars R & J are at the bar noshing on Belons.  R proclaimed them "steak-like" and wondered how'd they be fried.  So we popped open a few and tossed them in the fryer.  Verdict?  Delicious.  Meaty, but not quite as coppery and intense as raw ones., We've got Maine Belons on the oyster list tonight. Come check 'em out, All this cold weather makes even us die-hard white wine drinkers crave red wine (low iron content reds that is!) Hirsch Storytellers Pinot Noir with roasted mussels? Yes, Please!, Valentine's Day Reservations for the dining room and the bar open today!, An open kitchen is a  perfect place to ride out a blizzard!   We're open until 10 tonight, watching the snow, dishing out big bowls of bouillabaisse and lbisque, and dreaming of warmer weather!, We've got a crew of friends from Craigie on Main hanging out in our cozy new corner banquette today. We used to call this space "The Shower," but it really needs a posh new nickname....suggestions??, Woo Hoo!  Its done! And its GORGEOUS!  We're cleaning up and setting up for 5 pm opening.  We'll be  unveiling a brand new winter menu as well as the new space so c'mon by and visit us!!, Shhhhh...we're not supposed to show you this yet. ;), All new stainless walls for the kitchen, The new landing..., Stainless steel work is mostly done and tiling is well underway.  Here are a few more pix: probably  the last we'll be able to show you before the big reopening!!, Wiring is complete and drywall is up!, And here comes our nice shiny brand-spankin'-new HVAC system being craned in over the patio wall!, There goes our old broken down HVAC unit...., Did you know that B&G has a fireplace?  Neither did we!!, null, A last look at the old space.... So empty!!, Today's the first day of renovation:  first up demolition!!, Stop by for New Year's Day Lunch... Mimosas, Oysters, and a Lobster Breakfast Sandwich!!, Out with the old and in with the new...to ring in the new year, we're renovating! But first we must party!!!  Join us today for king crab legs and pink champagne, & tomorrow for lobster breakfast sandwiches and mimosas.  Happy New Year Everyone!, Are you working this week, or enjoying an extended holiday??  Stop in for a tuna club sandwich: tuna tartare, nimen ranch bacon, and confit tomatoes on buttery challah bread with fries, pickles and slaw.   Delicious!, 'Tis the season for holiday visits, and another member of the extended B&G family-- the talented photographer, Justin Ide--paid us a Christmas Eve visit. Follow the link to his blog: a lovely tribute and some GORGEOUS pictures!, Digging out is cold, hungry work...come warm up with roasted mussels in spicy tomato and garlic sauce and a nice glass of Le Fraghe Bardolino.  We open at 5!, Hope everyone had a very happy holiday and is warm and toasty at home tonight!   Due to the blizzard, B&G will be closed for lunch service tomorrow, reopening at 5 pm for dinner., We're heading home for the holidays, so B&G will be closed this weekend for the Christmas festivities.  Have a great weekend with your nearests and dearests, and we'll see everyone for Monday lunch, when we start ringing in the New Year!, It's not Christmas without lobster!  We're open until 4 on Christmas Eve, so bring your loved ones in for Lobster Rolls, Lobster BLTs and Lobster Bisque!!, We're gearing up for our New Year's Bubble Bar with this week's staff training, a Wine Words entirely devoted to Champagne.  In anticipation of our Farmer Fizz Fest, take a peek at one of our favorite champagnes, Pierre Peters.  , What are you doing for New Years Day?  Keep the party rolling with us: we'll be featuring mimosas, lobster breakfast sandwiches, shellfish towers and other hangover delights from noon on..., We consider our dear friend Rowan to be a bit of an oyster guru. Check out the notebook section of his website dedicated to oysters for fun new discoveries!, Dinner 2.23.11, Lunch Menu 2.24.11, Our annual Oyster Invitational is not to be missed! Check out our album from 2010 and a link from 2009: http://www.justinide.com/oysterfest09/
Stay tuned for details about the 2011 Oyster Invitational in May! (Only 144 days away!))