List(The Celtics looked like they were dead in the water during the first half of Wednesday night's game against the Heat. It's a good thing that two halves are played in an NBA game: http://on.nba.com/1MvdOOH, The Boston Celtics honored members of the the 1966, 1976 and 1986 championship teams during halftime of the Celtics-Heat game on April 13, 2016., Boston has defeated the Heat in both matchups this season, but Miami is bringing a new weapon to TD Garden that could impact tonight's contest: http://on.nba.com/1qIJGW7, Brad Stevens Pregame vs. Miami, In their final game of the regular season the Boston Celtics look to respond from their previous losses with a win over the Miami Heat to secure home court advantage., The Miami Heat may have won Tuesday in Detroit, but some positives may have came out of that game for the Celtics, writes Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/22uiPJ2, We are LIVE NOW on Celtics.com & the Celtics Mobile App from an exclusive chat with legends from the '66, '76 & '86 Championship teams. Don't miss it. TUNE IN NOW., The Celtics haven't talked much about playoff seeding, but that all changed Tuesday afternoon. Details here: on.nba.com/1qOoyxW, In their final game of the regular season tomorrow night against the Miami Heat, the Celtics look to bounce back after dropping two in a row., 52,110 jumping jacks in 28 days?! Check out the amazing season of #SunLifeFitToWin at the YMCA of Greater Boston. Cc: Sun Life Financial U.S. Watch here:, Rookie R.J. Hunter tried to provide a spark for his team on the offensive side of the ball coming off the bench, Monday night against the Hornets., The C’s highlight reel was packed with dimes this season, but check out the top 10 community #CelticsAssist moments from 2015-16!, There's only one way to respond to Monday's loss as Boston heads into its final game of the regular season. Evan Turner has the answer here: http://on.nba.com/23qyBdT, After dropping two games in a row, the Boston Celtics will look to improve their defense to close out regular season play., Not many NBA games are decided during the first half, but Monday night’s matchup between the Celtics and Hornets was certainly an exception. Read our Keys to the Game for the full breakdown: on.nba.com/1N5nmQl, Sharing is caring! Check out this slick ball movement leading to an Isaiah Thomas rainbow bucket. Catch tonight's action live, right now, on CSNNE.com, Former Boston University star John Holland makes his return to Boston tonight. Here's what the newest Celtic had to say before tipping off against the Charlotte Hornets: http://on.nba.com/25VKszg, Brad Stevens Pregame vs. Hornets, Coming off a loss against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night, Isaiah Thomas looks to improve his performance against the Charlotte Hornets tonight., How will tonight's game vs. the Charlotte Hornets impact Boston's chances to clinch home court advantage for the first round of the Playoffs? We lay it out for you here: http://on.nba.com/25UZIw8, Want to sit at half-court with 4 friends at a C's Playoff game, get inside the locker room & go behind-the-scenes? Enter to win: http://bit.ly/1XqQxxY Proceeds benefit the Shamrock Foundation., We are ONE week away from the Boston Marathon. Help team #GreenRunsDeep go the distance & support them here: http://bit.ly/23xlrIp, Don’t miss the final regular season home games at TD Garden. There are just 2 left! Be there with tickets from the official source: http://bit.ly/1MivEV7, The Celtics fall to the Hawks 118-107 in a game that had strong implications on the Celtics' playoff seeding., It was a shootout Friday night in Atlanta, one during which the Celtics ran out of shots, writes Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1XorJqj, Tyler Zeller talks with Amanda Pflugrad pregame about the implications of tonight's game against the Atlanta Hawks., Atlanta Hawks SG Kyle Korver has averaged only 12.3 PPG versus the Celtics this season, but as Brad Stevens explains, his impact has been far greater: on.nba.com/1oMv5qU, With an important matchup tonight against the Hawks, the Celtics look to continue their back-to-back success., Floors looking dull after last night’s victory dance? 

Celtics fans, Bona Hardwood Floor Care is giving you one LAST CHANCE to enter to win a piece of the Parquet Floor and $100 worth of Bona cleaning product!
http://www.nba.com/celtics/promotions/passion-for-parquet, 49,860 squats in 28 days?! Check out the amazing season of #SunLifeFittoWin in Southern Maine. Cc: Sun Life Financial U.S.
Watch here:, Marcus Smart attempted just two shots Friday night, yet his impact may have been greater than any other player during Boston's blowout win over the Bucks. Story: http://on.nba.com/1PZNAyu, Tyler Zeller ties his career-high with 26 points in the Celtics 124-109 win against the Bucks., Who ended Isaiah Thomas' franchise-record scoring streak? None other than Tyler Zeller, who went off during Friday's win: http://on.nba.com/1SFIzwO, The Celtics are expected to play at full strength tonight for just the second time since Feb. 10. Brad Stevens and Evan Turner explain the importance of having all hands on deck with the Playoffs right around the corner: http://on.nba.com/20nVl8U, Brad Stevens Pregame vs. Milwaukee, Should Isaiah Thomas make All-NBA this season? One of the greatest point guards in NBA history sure thinks so. Story: http://on.nba.com/1oJAU8N, As the Celtics near the end of the regular season, they are fighting both fatigue and injuries., The Celtics should be at full strength tonight as they take on a Milwaukee Bucks team that has two players on the up-and-up: on.nba.com/1qbWKCH, It's about one team #GreenRunsDeep, Don’t miss the final regular season home games at TD Garden. There are just 3 left! Be there with tickets from the official source: http://bit.ly/1MivEV7, Against the Pelicans, Isaiah Thomas lead the team in both scoring and assists.  Postgame, the point guard discussed what fuels him during competition., Be there for the Playoffs! Tickets for Round 1 Home Games are on sale now: http://on.nba.com/1RRE1DX, As the team continues to battle fatigue from the west coast road trip, they still have fuel in the tank to produce wins., Why was Wednesday's win against a struggling Pelicans team so satisfying? Brad Stevens and the Celtics explain here: http://on.nba.com/209yrC2, Despite being weary from their five-game road stretch, the Celtics defeated the Pelicans at home 104-97., Prior to Wednesday night's game against the Pelicans, Brad Stevens gave his reasons for why Isaiah Thomas should be voted an All-NBA player. During his time on the court, IT let his game do the talking: http://on.nba.com/209l8S8, Isaiah Thomas slices through the Pelicans defense for the bucket and the foul! Catch the action live, right now, on Comcast SportsNet New England., Evan Turner has been the leader of Boston's second unit this season, but others must step up tonight while he is absent. Read: http://on.nba.com/1UJfyGE, Brad Stevens Pregame vs. New Orleans, The Celtics will be taking on an injury-riddled Pelicans team tonight, and they'll be doing so without Evan Turner: on.nba.com/1Vxeapp, Avery Bradley discusses how the Celtics are navigating through the rest of the C's regular season., Avery Bradley discusses how the Celtics are navigating through the rest of the C's regular season., The Boston Celtics discuss their competition tomorrow night in Tim Frazier and the New Orleans Pelicans., Watch the JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays as the Celtics took on the Trail Blazers, Warriors and Lakers on the West Coast., The Celtics return home from the West Coast to take on the Pelicans at TD Garden tomorrow night. Get tickets: http://bit.ly/1UUg3ho, Marc D'Amico walks you through the brutal schedule the Celtics endured after their win in LA and ahead of today's practice in Waltham: on.nba.com/1SyKTWl, With Evan Turner out of the rotation, the Cs look to Rookie Terry Rozier to make more of an impact., Check out the Boston Celtics Stat of the Month presented by DraftKings http://bit.ly/1lXZP7R, The Boston Celtics know that anything is possible when you work together. Take a look at the great photos of teammates helping one another on the court in the Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Teamwork Gallery., Thomas records his 14 consecutive game as the team’s leading scorer to set a Celtics record., In their final stop on their West Coast tour the Celtics defeat the Lakers, 107-100., With a win over the Lakers, the Celtics clinched a spot in the 2016 NBA Playoffs., Kobe Bryant turned the clock back Sunday night, but as Marc D'Amico writes, his final chapter in this historic rivalry ended with a defeat: on.nba.com/1pYX3AQ, Kobe Bryant put up a heck of a fight Sunday night, but the C's closed out his final chapter of the storied rivalry with a win. Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1W4dSH1, Amanda Pflugrad talks with Evan Turner before tipping off against Kobe Bryant and the LA Lakers. They discuss the importance of staying focused playing in Bryant's last game versus the C's after upsetting the Golden State Warriors., Evan Turner gets the call tonight for another spot start, but this time it's at a different position: on.nba.com/1TuqExY, Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico preview tonight's game against the Lakers, which will be the final time the Celtics ever face off against Kobe Bryant., The Celtics can clinch a playoff berth against the LA Lakers tonight as they take on Kobe Bryant for the final time. We discuss here: http://on.nba.com/1N4d9ym, Watch the #Celtics do work while you enjoy Dunkin' Donuts Perks! Win a VIP Celtics experience including dinner with a Legend, behind the scenes access and more! Enter now: Celtics.com/dunkinvip, Want to get your Playoff tickets before they go on sale to the public? Sign up for free Club Green newsletters presented by Mohegan Sun: http://on.nba.com/1pRtEIO, Isaiah Thomas was the H&R Block Clutch Player of the Game because this move, which put the Celtics up 109-106 in their win over the Warriors Friday night., In their second night of a back to back the Boston Celtics do the unthinkable and defeat the Warriors at home., The Golden State Warriors have been doing the impossible all season long. Friday night at Oracle Arena, it was the Celtics' turn to defy all odds: on.nba.com/21YmMWd, Boston snapped Golden State's NBA-record 54-game home winning streak Friday night, and it all came down to this critical 30-second stretch to close out the game: http://on.nba.com/1W07osX, Amanda Pflugrad catches Amir Johnson for a walk-off interview, just seconds after the Celtics shocked the Golden State Warriors at Oracle Arena., Amanda Pflugrad sits down with Jae Crowder and discusses the team's approach to tonight's matchup against the defending champs., Why should you expect a raucous crowd tonight in Oakland, where the Celtics will take on the Golden State Warriors? This is why: on.nba.com/1qn7xuq, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico discuss how to take on the defending champs without Jae Crowder in the lineup., After a slow start in the first half against the Portland Trail Blazers, Avery Bradley put together a strong performance in the second half., Can Boston keep up with the Golden State Warriors' pace tonight? As recent history indicates, that may not be much of an issue for the C's: http://on.nba.com/1RCm2Bk, Will you be at the game on April 11th vs. Charlotte? Enjoy Asian American Night presented by Southern New Hampshire University and don’t miss the T-shirt giveaway featuring this year’s design contest winner!, The Boston Celtics weren't able to hold off the Portland Trail Blazers Thursday night, falling 116-109., The Celtics fell to the Blazers Thursday night, but that's not what matters. What matters is the fact that they're back at full strength: on.nba.com/1RQBbUR, Boston executed its game plan to contain Damian Lillard and  C.J. McCollum on Thursday night. That left plenty of open looks for a different Trail Blazer, though. Keys: http://on.nba.com/1RBck1X, Isaiah showing off that court vision, Jae Crowder is back and making an impact early in tonight's matchup! Catch the rest of the action live on Comcast SportsNet New England., Amanda Pflugrad caught up with Jonas Jerebko before tip-off and asked him for his take on the roles of the team now that Jae Crowder rejoins the lineup., Brad Stevens comments on the challenges the Portland Trail Blazers present outside of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum: on.nba.com/1PIGjTr, Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico discuss the potential return of Jae Crowder and how his presence will be felt team wide., The Celtics know they have a tough challenge with the Blazers backcourt and must start with a lot of momentum., It's not official, but all signs point toward Jae Crowder returning tonight in Portland, reports Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1SpIXPV, LAST CALL – Don’t miss the buzzer on your chance to win your school an #EnergyAssist STEM lab powered by National Grid!

Post your photo on Instagram or Twitter using #EnergyAssist to enter for your school’s chance to win a Celtics STEM lab courtesy of National Grid!

For more information: http://www.nba.com/celtics/community/stem-labs, Isaiah Thomas has the opportunity to pass Larry Bird and pen his name into the Celtics' record books tonight in Portland. Read on to find out what scoring milestone he can accomplish when the C's take on the Blazers at 10 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1PHQBTW, Upon arriving in Oregon, Jae Crowder decided to give it a go at practice after missing significant time with a high ankle sprain., Quick - name the team's top two 3-point shooters. The true answer, as Marc D'Amico writes, may surprise you: on.nba.com/1UtH3Ux, DraftKings wants you to sit courtside as the Celtics make their playoff push on April 11th against Charlotte. Play now! http://bit.ly/1VEGxlY, Win a piece of history from the Boston Celtics '08 Championship! 

Bona Hardwood Floor Care is giving Celtics fans the opportunity each week to WIN their very own piece of the’08 CHAMPIONSHIP Parquet Floor, and $100 worth of Bona cleaning product!

To enter: http://www.nba.com/celtics/promotions/passion-for-parquet, Check out the JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays of the week as the Celtics took on the Raptors, Suns and Clippers., Last month, the Boston Celtics and the Massachusetts State Lottery‘s Heroes Among Us Program paid it forward through ticket donations to various community organizations. 

We hope you enjoyed the Celtics experience and hope to see you at TD Garden again soon! 

Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation
Journey Forward
Floating Hospital for Children at Tufts Medical Center
Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center
Dare Family Services
Boston Children's Hospital, Isaiah Thomas continues to make an impact with the Celtics every night. Something that doesn't go unnoticed by Brad Stevens., Want to give your b-ball court a Celtics flair?
Then enter for your chance to win a home court makeover including a newly paved driveway, hoop, basketballs and much more...courtesy of Arbella Insurance! 
Check out Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, Ball movement and composure cost the Celtics a win against the LA Clippers on Monday night., Monday may have marked Paul Pierce's final game against the Celtics, and it didn't end the way anyone would've liked: on.nba.com/1WTHe9h, The L.A. Clippers' unstoppable shooting barrage blew things open by halftime Monday night, and the Celtics couldn't recover. Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1RwJsYC, Evan Turner sat down with Amanda Pflugrad to discuss the collective effort that will be needed in tonight's matchup against the Clippers., Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico discuss the rematch with the LA Clippers and how Marcus Smart, Evan Turner and Jonas Jerebko will need a strong performance without Jae Crowder in the lineup., Celtics vs. L.A. Clippers is a great matchup that features deep relationships between opposing players. This game? It means a lot, writes Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/1ohwXaY, The Celtics will look to continue their winning ways tonight against the LA Clippers., Isaiah Thomas and Chris Paul delivered a point guard battle for the ages when the Celtics and L.A. Clippers met last month. What will be in store when they face off again tonight? We discuss here: http://on.nba.com/1XYsztC, The Celtics get a win against the Suns with their defense down the stretch., The Celtics' defense is beginning to dominate again, and it accomplished exactly what it wanted to Saturday night in Phoenix: on.nba.com/1TbZXhw, Just when Phoenix thought it was seeing the light Saturday night, Evan Turner blocked out the Suns with a game-sealing swat. Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1UuAD7T, Listen to Avery Bradley before he takes the court and joins his teammates after a short bout with illness., Marc D'Amico gives the latest details on Avery Bradley's illness right here: on.nba.com/1UlkFww, As Marc D'Amico writes, the Celtics will do something tonight that they haven't done in 27 years. STORY: on.nba.com/22OLB9s, The Cs open their five-game road stretch tonight against the Phoenix Suns., Will illness impact the Celtics tonight in Phoenix? We discuss that, and more, here: http://on.nba.com/1MrYcLA, Celtics players talk about their go-to move in a pivotal situation during a game., Shop and support team #GreenRunsDeep TUESDAY from 5-7pm at ALEX AND ANI on Newbury Street!  15% of all sales will be donated back to our runners!  Meet the Celtics Dancers, mingle with #Celtics Legends and more! #BostonMarathon #charitybydesign, The Celtics are set to head out west for a five-game trip. How daunting does the challenge feel to them? Well, not so daunting at all: on.nba.com/1Ro7dlC, Take a listen to Bill Walton sharing a story from his new book about the Celtics trying to dunk on one of the tallest players in NBA history., Postgame Brad Stevens discussed how locked in his team was on the defensive side of the ball, to take down the Toronto Raptors Wednesday night., Coffee is always a gooDD idea, and so is winning! 

Win a night of #Celtics Perks thanks to Dunkin' Donuts, including dinner with a legend, special access to the team shootaround and more!

Enter here: Celtics.com/dunkinvip, Celtics fans, now’s your chance to bring your own Parquet to life!  

Bona Hardwood Floor Care is giving Celtics fans the opportunity each week to WIN their very own piece of the’08 CHAMPIONSHIP Parquet Floor and $100 worth of Bona cleaning product!

To enter: http://www.nba.com/celtics/promotions/passion-for-parquet, With 17 points & a game-high seven assists Evan Tuner was the H&R Block Clutch Player of the Game in Wednesday night's win over the Toronto Raptors., In their final game of a four game series against the Raptors, the Celtics close out with the win 91-79., With their win over Toronto Wednesday night, the Celtics earned a distinction that they share only with Cleveland. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1RmJ418, After falling to the Raptors in the first three meetings this season, the Celtics fought tooth-and-nail to avoid a sweep, pulling out the 91-79 at TD Garden., The Celtics and Raptors were all tied up at that half on Wednesday night. Then the third quarter rolled around, and Evan Turner decided it was time to take over. Get the scoop with our DraftKings Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/21I1YCb, ET throws it up, AB throws it down! Catch the rest of tonight's action on Comcast SportsNet New England., A moment of silence for Brussels, C's coach Brad Stevens and Raptors coach Dwane Casey give their take on the elite backcourt matchup that will take place at TD Garden tonight: http://on.nba.com/22GAD5R, Brad Stevens Pregame vs. Toronto, The Toronto Raptors aren't surprised by Amir Johnson's insanely efficient stretch of late. His former teammates weigh in ahead of tonight's matchup: http://on.nba.com/1U9F1IW, The Celtics' first unit has been finding their rhythm., Isaiah Thomas has been sizzling throughout March. Just how hot has he been? We detail that and more here: on.nba.com/1RgpVyW, Look at last week's JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays, as the Celtics faced the Pacers, Thunder, Raptors, 76ers and Magic., Only five home games left during the regular season. Get tix to see C's vs. Raptors @tdgarden tomorrow night: http://bit.ly/22DO46s, What’s the best kind of assist?  An #EnergyAssist!  Show us how you CONSERVE ENERGY and THIS could be YOU!

Post your photo on Instagram or Twitter using #EnergyAssist to enter for your school’s chance to win a Celtics STEM lab courtesy of National Grid!, Looking to spruce up your b-ball court with a Celtics flair?
Then enter for your chance to win a home court makeover including a newly paved driveway, hoop, basketballs and much more...courtesy of Arbella Insurance! 
Check out Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, null, In their second night of a back-to-back, the Celtics defeated the Magic 107-96 at TD Garden., The flow is back! Kelly Olynyk returned to form Monday night against the Magic, delivering his best scoring output in more than three months. Story: http://on.nba.com/25hyK1F, The Celtics took down the Orlando Magic at TD Garden behind the sharp shooting of Kelly Olynyk, and the hustle and effort of Amir Johnson., Draft Kings Keys to the Game: Amir Johnson comes up huge again as Celtics beat Magic, 107-96. http://on.nba.com/1Rwws4h, Don't do it to 'em, Isaiah! Boston's All-Star is primed for another big night and you can catch the action right now on Comcast SportsNet New England., The Celtics have discovered a rebounding boost off the bench – and he's a 6-foot-2 point guard. How has rookie Terry Rozier developed into a glass-cleaning machine? He tells you here: http://on.nba.com/1U2JUDM, It's been six years since the Orlando Magic have won at TD Garden. Here's what to watch for tonight as the Celtics look to keep that streak alive: http://on.nba.com/1VvCUPg, Amir Johnson was your H&R Block Clutch Player of the Game in the win over Philadelphia. Check out some of his top plays., Johnson finished with a season-high 18 points against the 76ers Sunday night., The Celtics were back to their upbeat selves Sunday night in Philly, after grabbing their first win in 11 days: http://on.nba.com/1pvfEEe, The Celtics get back in the win column in Philadelphia by playing with purpose., Amir Johnson had his most impressive scoring output as a Celtic Sunday night, as Boston ended its four-game skid with a win in Philadelphia. Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1UvHbCH, Evan Turner speaks with Amanda Pflugrad pregame to talk about how, despite their record, Philadelphia can be a dangerous team to face., The Celtics haven't lost more than four straight during the Isaiah Thomas era. Here's what to watch for tonight as they look to snap their losing spell in Philadelphia: http://on.nba.com/1UdWtMI, The Boston Celtics tip off against the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday night.  The team knows they need to rediscover themselves to create a surge., The C’s are looking to regain their identity and toughness before facing the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday. http://on.nba.com/1UHJRMj, One of the five Celtics participating in the #CelticsBrackets challenge had his bracket officially busted already. How does your bracket compare? Find out here: on.nba.com/1S9YqpG, These Jr. Celtics are ready to stay fit thanks to New England Baptist Hospital! #NBAfit, After dropping four games in a row, the Celtics can't play with hesitation if they want to win., The C's played their best basketball in weeks against the Toronto Raptors during the third quarter, but that wasn't enough to get a victory at Air Canada Centre: http://on.nba.com/22pklSa, @DraftKings Keys To the Game - Celtics fall in Toronto as Scola heats up early and Lowry finished them late: http://on.nba.com/1UHqv9W, @DraftKings Keys To the Game - Celtics fall in Toronto as Scola heats up early and Lowry finished them late: http://on.nba.com/1UHqv9W, Amanda Pflugrad talks with Kelly Olynyk pregame about his excitement to play in his home country as well as getting back into the lineup., From shootaround in Toronto - Coty Clarke hopes to stick after 10-day contracts with C's: http://on.nba.com/1R3H4M4, With the Toronto Raptors sitting at the No. 2 spot in the Eastern Conference, the C's know they must get back to their winning ways., Isaiah Thomas says tonight's game in Toronto is a "must-win." Here are the keys to capturing that W: http://on.nba.com/1MemyYU, It’s your LAST CHANCE to enter our JetBlue Airways Giveaway.  

Enter to win ROUNDTRIP FLIGHTS for YOU and a GUEST in JetBlue’s Mint Condition Seats to CA AND tickets to see your #Celtics play in San Francisco!

Don’t miss your chance! Enter here: Celtics.com/Mint, Kelly Olynyk was back in the rotation Wednesday night against the Thunder for the first time since Feb. 10th. The big man discussed getting minutes., In less than one month, team #GreenRunsDeep will be racing to the #BostonMarathon finish line. Join the efforts to support youth in need – donate today! http://bit.ly/1SCVIdX, Happy Birthday to Danny Ainge!, Sport your St. Paddy's Day best and show us your green pride by posting a #CelticsSelfie! Massachusetts State Lottery is giving you the chance to win tickets to a game AND the chance to take a selfie on the famous parquet. www.celtics.com/celticsselfie, Marc D'Amico catches up with RJ Hunter, who knows a thing or two about hitting a big shot and causing bracket chaos in the College Basketball Tournament. Watch as he picks who he thinks will win it all this year!, Rather than hang their heads, the Celtics remained positive following their toughest home loss of the season Wednesday night. Read what Avery Bradley, Isaiah Thomas and the crew had to say as Boston looks to move on to its next challenge: http://on.nba.com/1pN0aMh, The Celtics couldn’t close out with a win over the Thunder, falling 130-109 suffering their second straight loss., Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook delivered a one-two punch to Boston on Wednesday night. How, exactly, did the tandem push their team to a win? Find out in our DraftKings Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/1Ve5i88, Isaiah Thomas splits the OKC defense for the easy two! Watch live on Comcast SportsNet New England as IT and the Celtics take on fellow All-Stars Kevin Durant & Russell Westbrook along with the rest of the Thunder., Kelly Olynyk will make his return to Boston's rotation tonight, though the C's will be missing two other forwards when they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder. Here's a full update in our DraftKings Post-Ups Notebook: http://on.nba.com/1SU0yUW, The #CelticsBrackets Player Challenge is back! Jared Sullinger, Jonas Jerebko, Terry Rozier, Jordan Mickey and Coty Clarke are all in, and you can follow along with their hand-filled brackets right here! on.nba.com/1Mnfggj, Check out the gear we'll be wearing on the court to celebrate St. Patrick's Day., The Celtics felt the absence of both their stretch fours in Jae Crowder and Kelly Olynyk, Tuesday night against the Indiana Pacers., "Good players inspire themselves, great players inspire others.”  Don’t miss the buzzer on entering to win a Celtics STEM lab for your school! 

Post a photo on Instagram or Twitter using the hashtag #EnergyAssist to enter for your school’s chance to win a Celtics STEM lab courtesy of National Grid!, Jonas Jerebko proved Tuesday night that he'll likely be a valuable asset while Jae Crowder and Kelly Olynyk are out. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1SRS9kR, Following Boston’s 103-98 loss to Indiana, Brad Stevens and the Celtics discuss their new rotation without the services of Jae Crowder., The Celtics hung with the Pacers until midway through the fourth before Paul George and his teammates pulled away: on.nba.com/1RN4pOz, Terry Rozier talks with Marc D'Amico pregame about what the Celtics need to do in order to stop the Pacers, especially without Jae Crowder in the lineup., Marcus Smart will start at the 3 in place of Jae Crowder tonight, while Evan Turner will continue to come off the bench. Brad Stevens explains the decision here, in our DraftKings Post-Ups: http://on.nba.com/1pJXEqh, Marc D'Amico previews tonight's Celtics-Pacers matchup, which will likely feature a more traditional Indiana team than the C's have seen this season., Defense has been a strongpoint for Evan Turner this season. Now, because of a recent blow to Boston's rotation, he looks to step up more than ever on that end, especially considering his next three opponents. Story: http://on.nba.com/1Palwbb, Ahead of tonight's game in Indiana, during which the Pacers will honor the 1954 Indiana state championship team that inspired the movie Hoosiers, Brad Stevens tells a story about how one of his Butler teams related to the Hoosiers movie., null, Hey Celtics fans! Did you know that March is Myeloma Action Month? For every 3-pointer the Cs make, Takeda Oncology will donate to the International Myeloma Foundation.

 #myelomaactionmonth #3pointsforpatients, Check out the JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays from the week as the Celtics hosted Memphis and Houston., Celtics fans, now’s your chance to bring your own Parquet to life!  

Bona Hardwood Floor Care is giving Cs fans the opportunity each week TO WIN their very own piece of the’08 CHAMPIONSHIP Parquet Floor and $100 worth of Bona cleaning product!

To enter: http://www.nba.com/celtics/promotions/passion-for-parquet, With Jae Crowder out with a high ankle sprain, the Cs understand how everyone on the team will have a pivotal role., For all the jaw-dropping moments players create off the court… #ThisIsWhyWePlay! #CelticsAssist, Jae Crowder's injury comes at a critical point in the season, but as the Celtics explain here, they believe they have the tools to to continue their success without him: http://on.nba.com/1RfBfNF, With the recent injury to Jae Crowder, the team will rely even more on their bench and may open up an opportunity for Boston's young talent to emerge., In a pinch for more GREEN?  Get Your Green On at Party City!  With just 4 days until St. Paddy’s WATCH Lucky try on some gear for his favorite holiday!, Does your court need an upgrade? 
Then enter to win a Celtics style makeover including a newly paved driveway, hoop, basketballs and much more...all courtesy of Arbella Insurance! 
Check out Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss how the Celtics started out strong but could not outlast Houston. They also talk about the positive and negative ramifications of tonight's loss to the Rockets., Terry Rozier earned minutes during a critical stretch Friday night, and the rookie gave fans a peek of what he has to offer. Story: http://on.nba.com/1SHPjP9, The Houston Rockets snapped the Celtics 14 home game winning streak Friday night when they defeated them 102-98., Watch Isaiah Thomas hit the rainbow floater over Dwight Howard early in the first quarter, then catch the game live right now on Comcast SportsNet New England., C's coach Brad Stevens and Houston Rockets coach J.B. Bickerstaff share the same concern heading into tonight's contest: points off turnovers. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1UmsIrs, James Harden has been the hottest scorer in the NBA of late, but as history suggests, he may hit a wall tonight in Boston. Read: http://on.nba.com/1Mcfl6s, The Boston Celtics look to protect home-court and chalk up their 15th straight win at TD Garden against the Houston Rockets Friday night., Are you sporting green for tonight’s game? Our friends at Mohegan Sun are!, Win a trip to San Francisco to see your #Celtics play away!  Enter the JetBlue Airways Mint Condition Giveaway to fly in style like ET  and Walter!

For your chance to win, enter here: Celtics.com/Mint, All five Celtics players need to be locked in on the court against James Harden and Dwight Howard Friday night., Jared Sullinger has found a way to grind through setbacks this season. A skin infection is the latest obstacle the big man has overcome: on.nba.com/226PYw1, Isaiah Thomas finished as the team's leading scorer with 22 points, but his energy was what kept the Celtics in the game against the Grizzlies., Show us your C's pride by posting your best #CelticsSelfie! You could win tickets to a game AND the chance to take a selfie on the parquet, courtest of the Massachusetts State Lottery.   www.celtics.com/celticsselfie, Evan Turner had 16 points & a game-high eight assists off the bench in the Celtics win last night, making him the H&R Block Clutch Player of the Game., By capitalizing on their depth and picking up their intensity in the second half, the Celtics were able to defeat the Grizzlies 116-96 on Wednesday night., A brief halftime film session and a concise message from coach Stevens proved to be the perfect recipe for Boston's turnaround Wednesday night against Memphis. Story: http://on.nba.com/221AUDx, After a slow start, the Celtics got going in the 3rd quarter and ran away with the win, beating the Grizzlies 116-96 at TD Garden., Jared Sullinger got the Celtics started Wednesday night at the Garden while playing… point guard? Find out how that came to pass in our DraftKings Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/24RVDIB, Jared Sullinger just weight-roomed the Grizzlies with ease and earned himself an and-one bucket. Catch tonight's action live on Comcast SportsNet New England now!, Three-time NBA All-Defensive First Teamer Tony Allen sees some of himself in Marcus Smart, and expects a prosperous career from the young Celtic. Story: http://on.nba.com/1LS8zIm, The Memphis Grizzlies beat Cleveland Monday night despite missing four of their starters due to various injuries. Let that persistence serve as a warning to the Celtics tonight. Read: http://on.nba.com/220w2ON, Brad Stevens discussed the progressions that he's seen from Marcus Smart in his second year with the Celtics., Will Isaiah's streak end tonight? Which Memphis Grizzlies must the Celtics worry about most? We dive into those questions here: on.nba.com/2232Rao, Reminder: Early tip-off tonight against the Grizzlies. We'll be live on CSNNE at 7 p.m. from the Garden., Only DD Perks can serve you up a VIP night to watch the Celtics from behind the scenes at the TD Garden! 

To learn more and enter to win a Dunkin' Donuts Ultimate Celtics Experience, click here: Celtics.com/dunkinvip, Check out the JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays of the week as the Celtics hosted Portland and New York while facing Cleveland on the road., Isaiah Thomas' recent stretch of ball has been matched only by Michael Jordan during the last 33 NBA seasons. Read on for the details of IT's remarkable ongoing streak: http://on.nba.com/1YtGTvd, Boston will tip-off against Western Conference foe Memphis on Wednesday night. Even with the Grizzlies’ injuries, the Cs know they must come ready to play., Show us how you conserve energy and THIS could be YOU!

Post your photo on Instagram or Twitter using the hashtag #EnergyAssist to enter for your school’s chance to win a Celtics STEM lab, courtesy of National Grid!, Does your son or daughter have what it takes to be a Celtics broadcaster? 
Show us their talent by sending us a video for the chance to be the next Arbella Insurance Jr. Broadcaster!
Send us your video now! http://bit.ly/20CoFJi, Kelly Olynyk made his return during open practice yesterday in Waltham and the team is happy to have the big man back., The Boston Celtics know that anything is possible when you work together. Take a look at these great photos of players helping one another on the court in the Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Teamwork Gallery., Coty Clarke and his Red Claws got a nice win Sunday in Westchester, N.Y.. Then his night got even better with a moment he'll never forget. STORY: on.nba.com/1U0ftO5, Marc D’Amico reports from Waltham, where Kelly Olynyk returned to practice and Brad Stevens is attempting to keep his players fresh for the postseason., Who’s the funniest Celtic? Find out & get even more behind-the-scenes access with Celtics On Demand on XFINITY., Jared Sullinger doesn't log huge numbers every night, but is quietly playing a major role for the Celtics lately., STRETCH OUT on your way to San Francisco to see your #Celtics play on the West Coast! 

Enter to fly in Mint Condition on JetBlue Airways! www.Celtics.com/Mint, Center Tyler Zeller used Basketball to help kids understand math problems at a local elementary school., Help #EnergyAssist your school and enter for the chance to win a STEM lab powered by National Grid! 

Show us how you conserve energy by posting a photo or video to Twitter and Instagram with the tags #EnergyAssist and @nationalgridus., In today's Benrus #SocialCeltics the Celtics recent social media posts were all about congratulating and celebrating some good times., The Celtics fell to the Cavs 120-103 on Saturday night and discussed what happened down the stretch., What can we take from the Celtics-Cavs regular-season series? That a postseason matchup would be dynamite: on.nba.com/1VZG4sq, Boston came out guns-a-blazing Saturday night, but its second quarter lull set the tone for Cleveland's comeback. Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1VZwDsU, Amanda Pflugrad catches up with Evan Turner before tip-off to discuss the teams continued pride on back-to-backs and their approach to playing on the road., Brad Stevens tels Marc D'Amico that the Celtics are gaining "a belief and a trust" in the clutch. Details here: on.nba.com/1RNCLDH, Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico preview tonight's Celtics-Cavs matchup and discuss whether or not Boston can play small ball in the second night of a back-to-back., Get decked out in green and post your best #CelticsSelfie! The Massachusetts State Lottery is giving you the chance to win C's tickets AND the chance to take a selfie on the parquet. www.celtics.com/celticsselfie, Boston will look to win its sixth straight game tonight and capture the season series against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Here's what to watch for when the C's and Cavs tip off at 7 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1YfAZOh, Never count the C's out! Boston overcame its fourth straight double-digit deficit with a win over the New York Knicks Friday night. Read about their relentless, last-minute comeback here: http://on.nba.com/1Tgi6LM, The Celtics defeated the Knicks 105-104 at TD Garden to complete the sweep of their five-game home stand and will  now prepare to face the Cavs in Cleveland., Evan Turner refused to give up Friday night, despite facing a late-game deficit against the Knicks. His persistence paid off during one particular sequence that sparked the C's to victory: http://on.nba.com/1Tg7Q6a, The Celtics are hosting the Knicks at the Garden, and Isaiah Thomas is doing his best Tom Brady impression. Catch the game live right now on Comcast SportsNet New England, Brad Stevens has a strong opinion regarding the practice vs. rest debate that's often brought up during the latter stages of the NBA season. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1Qrqnss, Prior to taking on the Celtics Friday night, Carmelo Anthony expressed his opinions on the New York Knicks' recent stretch of ball. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1LF7UKb, Brad Stevens discussed what changed for the Celtics in the third quarter to pull out a win against the Portland Trail Blazers., The Celtics shut down Kristaps Porzingis the last time they met the New York Knicks. Will that happen again tonight? Marc D'Amico discusses here: on.nba.com/1Ybd0Qa, Last month, the Boston Celtics and the Massachusetts State Lottery‘s Heroes Among Us Program paid it forward through ticket donations to various community organizations. 

We hope you enjoyed the Celtics experience and hope to see you at TD Garden again soon! 

Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation
Chuck Cooper Foundation
Department of Children and Families
Coast Guard Station Boston
Frederick W. Hartnett Middle School PTO
Gosnold on Cape Cod, Don't miss your last chance to enter the ALEX AND ANI Charmed by Travel Sweepstakes. One lucky winner will fly WITH the CELTICS to Phoenix and win a $500 SHOPPING SPREE! 
Enter here: bit.ly/1PNzy3v, Forward Evan Turner, Assistant Coach Walter McCarty and the Green Team give some lucky JetBlue Airways passengers a big surprise., Check out the Celtics Stat of the Month presented by DraftKings! http://bit.ly/1lXZP7R, Isaiah Thomas addresses what motivates the Cs to play tough., After struggling at home during the beginning of the season, the Celtics have now achieved 12 straight home wins as they try and continue that streak Friday night against the Knicks., Portland brought one of the league's hottest backcourts to Boston Wednesday night, but the Celtics managed to cool down the likes of Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum. Read: http://on.nba.com/1pozeCx, The Celtics recorded their 12th straight win at home against the Portland Trail Blazers, 116-93., It looked as if Wednesday night's showdown with the Trail Blazers was going to be a hard-fought, down-to-the-wire battle. That was before Marcus Smart checked in. Read the DraftKings Keys to the Game for the full story: on.nba.com/21IDVoC, The Celtics and Trail Blazers have shocked the league with their respective success over the last two months. As their head coaches explain here, that success is due to a number of hard-nosed similarities they share:, At the start of March, the C's will look to make a statement in this upcoming stretch of games., Two of the NBA's hottest teams, featuring two of the league's top point guards will face off tonight at TD Garden. Here's what to watch for when the C's take on the Trail Blazers at 7:30 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1oZ0tni, Want to own a piece of the Celtics Parquet Floor? Bona Hardwood Floor Care is giving fans the chance to win their very own piece of the parquet and $100 worth of cleaning product EVERY week! http://on.nba.com/1QLpGr3, Take a look at last week's JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays at the Garden, as the Celtics continue to thrive at home., Damian Lillard is the hottest thing this side of Steph Curry, but history says the Celtics need not worry. They are his kryptonite: on.nba.com/1oWTGub, Make a statement and get Charmed by Travel! Now’s your chance to travel with your Boston Celtics to Phoenix and win an ALEX AND ANI $500 shopping spree! bit.ly/1lKC1DH, During their five game home stand the Celtics will look for their fourth straight win against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday night., Congrats to Brad Stevens, who has been named NBA Eastern Conference Coach of the Month for February.  http://on.nba.com/1Sg0caM, Jordan Mickey got in the first half of the Celtics game against the Utah Jazz and made the most out of his minutes., Everything is better with coffee…especially when #DDPerks is bringing you behind the scenes for an exclusive #Celtics VIP exclusive!

Enter the Dunkin' Donuts Ultimate Celtics Experience: www.celtics.com/dunkinvip, The Celtics defense and late game execution helped spark the 100-95 win over the Jazz at TD Garden on Monday night., The Celtics had their best shot-blocking effort in more than six years Monday night. Here's the full scoop on how the Utah Jazz fell victim to Boston's block party: http://on.nba.com/1QoLnxM, The Celtics closed out with a 100-95 win over the Utah Jazz and nab their 11th straight win at home., Gordon Hayward thought he had Avery Bradley just where he wanted him. Hayward was going to back the Boston guard down and hit the go-ahead bucket for Utah. That's not exactly how it went down, though. Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/1SecyQE, The C's are all hustle right now! Catch the rest of tonight's matchup with the Jazz on Comcast SportsNet New England, right now., Brad Stevens has a heightened sense of pride coaching against the Jazz, especially given the fact that Utah just added another one of his collegiate products at the trade deadline. Read: http://on.nba.com/1OJSM8M, After stifling Boston with their length on Feb. 19, Rudy Gobert & Derrick Favors expect a challenging rematch for their Utah Jazz tonight: http://on.nba.com/1OJ5EME, Tyler Zeller provided a lift for the C's coming off the bench against the Heat on Saturday.  Post game, Brad Stevens discussed Zeller's growth as a player., Check out these JetBlue Airways Mint Condition seats! You could fly in THESE seats to see your #Celtics take on the Golden State Warriors in San Francisco on April 1st!  

Don't miss this chance, enter now: www.celtics.com/mint, Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss how Evan Turner's mid-range effectiveness helped to thwart Miami's dominant rim protection., Boston overcame an early deficit Saturday afternoon, and then erupted during the fourth quarter thanks to an energetic boost from its bench. Here's how the C's second unit handled the Heat: http://on.nba.com/21rjYWI, With a lackluster start against the Miami Heat Saturday afternoon, the Cs relied on their bench strength to pull them through., How did the Celtics overcome the Heat on Saturday? Bench, bench, and more bench. Read all about it in our DraftKings Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/1QkxJiG, Jae Crowder threads the needle to Jared Sullinger! Catch the action live right now on Comcast SportsNet New England., The Miami Heat are just one game behind the Celtics in the Eastern Conference standings, but as both coaches explain here, there are more important things to focus on as they head into their matchup this afternoon: http://on.nba.com/1Te7Nbg, Thank you adidas Basketball for the donation to the Chuck Cooper Foundation, in celebration of Black History Month. #CelticsBHM

To honor Chuck Cooper’s legacy, the Chuck Cooper Foundations aims to further the education of our young people. For more information on the Chuck Cooper Foundation: http://chuckcooperfoundation.org/, Does your son or daughter have what it takes to be a Boston Celtics broadcaster? 
Have them showcase their talent and send us a video to be the next Arbella Insurance Jr. Broadcaster!
Send us your video now! http://bit.ly/20CoFJi, Boston hopes to continue its high-energy offensive trend when it hosts the East's top defense Saturday afternoon. Read: http://on.nba.com/24twST9, Marc D'Amico reports on Jared Sullinger's recent stretch of play and how he's playing team-oriented basketball during a contract season., Marcus Smart, R.J. Hunter and James Young stop by the Sirius XM office in New York City for an interview with host Justin Termine., Coming off a career-high 27 points in Minnesota, Jae Crowder continued his hot streak, scoring 14 points in the first half of the Celtics' 112-107 win over the Bucks., Isaiah Thomas was the H&R Block Clutch Player of the Game in Thursday night's win over the Milwaukee Bucks. Check out some of IT's top plays., In their first game of a five-game home stretch, the Celtics protect home court, and defeat the Bucks 112-107., Isaiah Thomas' unpredictable playmaking left the Bucks looking lost in the headlights Thursday night. Read how the 5-foot-9 point guard stunned the longest team in the league: http://on.nba.com/1RrUSyA, The Celtics took care of business in their first game back home after the All-Star break, beating the Bucks 112-107., Boston’s practice session on Wednesday undoubtedly set the table for Thursday’s 112-107 win over the Bucks. Read: http://on.nba.com/1Lh9EZX, Isaiah Thomas just split the Bucks defense and hit Amir Johnson with a no-look, behind-the-back pass for two easy points. See for yourself:, IT's got some slick handles. Like Tommy said... You can't stop Isaiah! Tune in now on Comcast SportsNet New England to watch the C's host the Bucks., The Milwaukee Bucks' versatile offense has been stumping teams lately, but Boston's defense will try not to over-complicate things against them tonight: http://on.nba.com/1KOVr6o, Giannis Antetokounmpo, at 6-foot-11, has transitioned into Milwaukee's primary ball handling role, and has been tearing opposing defenses apart lately. Here's why the Celtics must hone in on the 21-year-old "Greek Freak" tonight: http://on.nba.com/1QhtMIi, The Celtics begin their five-game homestand tonight against the Bucks and look to improve their defense in the process., Isaiah Thomas has shown lately that he’s more than just a scorer. Read more here: http://on.nba.com/1T9zGRP, Win courtside seats and gain early entry to watch pregame shoot around! http://bit.ly/23tK9dI, “The Celtics were change leaders, they played an extraordinary role back in 1950…” 
Learn more about how the Celtics helped break through the color barrier from Chuck Cooper III in our special #CelticsBHM video, presented by adidas Basketball., The Celtics will look to defend home-court tomorrow night against the Milwaukee Bucks and they plan to do it with their defense., The Celtics' defense has been struggling of late. And that's why Brad Stevens held a lengthy practice this afternoon: on.nba.com/1QFoyeJ, Does your basketball court need an upgrade?  
Then enter to win a Celtics style makeover, courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Check out Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, Following the Celtics' post All-Star portion of the schedule, the team returns to TD Garden tomorrow night for a season-long homestand., Check out the top 5 plays from the Celtics' Western Conference road trip last week., Post a selfie wearing your best Celtics gear and enter the #CelticsSelfie sweepstakes! You'll have the chance to win VIP prizes from the Massachusetts State Lottery! www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, Despite a loss to the Timberwolves on Monday night, Jae Crowder put up a career-high 27 points., Charmed by Travel? Hooked on ALEX AND ANI bangles? 
Now’s your chance to TRAVEL WITH THE TEAM and win a $500 SHOPPING SPREE in Phoenix.  Enter here: bit.ly/1S6c5B0, The C's fell to a young Minnesota Timberwolves team 124-122 Monday night at the Target Center., The Celtics nearly pulled off a dramatic comeback win in Minnesota, but they couldn't overcome the play of Karl Anthony-Towns: on.nba.com/1OrMHh8, Marcus Smart tried to seal a miraculous comeback, but his game-winning attempt fell short. Here's how the final play unfolded Monday night: http://on.nba.com/1T32Y4s, With a challenging matchup ahead, the C's know they have to just play their game in order close out the road trip with a win., Brad Stevens is in awe of the Minnesota Timberwolves' talent, and he also gives a peek into what the Celtics might add with their open roster spot. Read here: on.nba.com/1PTG5wo, Although Minnesota is a young team, they are certainly one to watch out for with their quickness and skill level., Marcus Smart looks to add a spark on the defensive side of the ball., Isaiah Thomas is seeking some friendly revenge tonight in Minnesota. Here's what Boston's competitive guard is referring to, and more: http://on.nba.com/1WDRuSO, The Celtics shook off the rust from All-Star break and defeated the Denver Nuggets 121-101 at the Pepsi Center., The Celtics want to hang their collective hat on defense, but scoring is what pushed them to yet another victory Sunday afternoon in Denver: on.nba.com/20P45ni, After nearly allowing the Nuggets to come back from a 26-point deficit Sunday afternoon, Boston learned its lesson and put them away for good. Here were the keys to doing so: http://on.nba.com/21jy8Wb, Avery Bradley talks pregame about how discipline is the key to defeating a young, skilled Denver team., Brad Stevens wants the Celtics to play with presence on the defensive end against Denver., One thing the Celtics know heading into today's game is that no lead is safe against the Denver Nuggets: on.nba.com/1TyU3Yb, Will Jordan Mickey receive more playing time this afternoon?  Can the Celtics stop Danilo Gallinari and Will Barton?  We discuss here: on.nba.com/1oBX1Pb, Coming off the All-Star break, the Boston Celtics were eager to continue their momentum.  However, Utah's length proved to be too much for the C's, falling 111-93., The Celtics didn't want to admit it, but rust loomed large during their loss in Utah, writes Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1Qr3Jxn, The Celtics hung with the Jazz until halftime Friday night, but Utah came out and hit them in the mouth in the third quarter and Boston could not recover. Here were the keys to the game: http://on.nba.com/1PZ1hPn, Amanda Pflugrad talks with Jared Sullinger before the game as he speaks of his excitement about keeping the team together and continuing the hot streak., The Celtics now have an open roster spot. Are they a destination for top free agents? One Celtic tells Marc D'Amico that the answer is yes: on.nba.com/1KwLLNR, The Celtics look to continue the spark that they had before All-Star break as they face a challenging Jazz team tonight in Utah., Kelly Olynyk says he expects that his shoulder injury will sideline him for approximately three weeks. Here's how the Celtics plan to fill his void in the meantime: http://on.nba.com/1RcCHNq, As Boston Celtics tip-off against the Utah Jazz tonight they gave a scouting report on their opponent., The Celtics will be without one of their best bigs tonight when they face off against Utah's formidable frontcourt. Here's what to watch for when they tip off at 10:30 p.m. in Salt Lake City: http://on.nba.com/1RTkB5m, "Doesn't matter if you're green, yellow, white, black, whatever... he just wanted really good basketball players." How was Red Auerbach a trailblazer in the league?

Watch this week's Black History Month piece to find out more on #CelticsBHM, presented by adidas Basketball!, There was no pressure on Danny Ainge to make a move ahead of Thursday's trade deadline. Here’s why: http://on.nba.com/1XAAvBP, With the NBA trade deadline in the rear-view mirror, the Celtics now look to continue their momentum with the current unit in place., The Celtics did not budge at the trade deadline, choosing to remain patient instead. Here's why, explains Danny Ainge: http://on.nba.com/20Hwdsn, Danny Ainge sits down with Celtics.com minutes after the trade deadline and explains some of the team's negotiations and his outlook for the second half of the season as well as the summer., With the NBA trade deadline today, the Celtics players discussed how they minimize distractions and rumors as they continue to play as a team., Trade in snow for sun this winter!  Travel with the Boston Celtics to Phoenix!

Get Charmed by Travel courtesy of ALEX AND ANI. To travel with the Celtics and win a $500 SHOPPING SPRRE enter here: bit.ly/1UmhLUX, [LAST CHANCE] to enter the #CelticsBHM Writing Contest!
 
Walter and Marcus shared what #BHM means to them.  Submit your writing statement here: Celtics.com/BHM, Did someone say #Celtics Perks?! Win a night of DDelight from Dunkin' Donuts...dinner with a Legend, special access to the team shootaround and more. http://on.nba.com/1OGSSQ1, After the All-Star break, the Boston Celtics held practice in Utah as they prepare to face the Jazz on Friday night., The Boston Celtics upheld tradition in a unique manner when it replaced its iconic parquet floor ahead of this season. Read how the organization engrained a piece of storied history within its new playing surface: http://on.nba.com/20E65yK, WATCH: Check out Kelly Olynyk teaching youth from the Waltham YMCA about health and fitness through the #SunLifeFittoWin Program powered by Sun Life Financial U.S., Isaiah Thomas was clutch for the Celtics this past week. Check out which of his JetBlue Top Plays lands at #1!, Need your daily dose of Celtics basketball? Relive some of the most exciting plays so far this season., Box of chocolates didn’t do it for you this year?  How about a TRIP TO PHX, AZ and a $500 ALEX AND ANI SHOPPING SPREE?! Travel with the Celtics courtesy of ALEX AND ANI. More info here: bit.ly/1SeYV2A, Calling all middle school students! 

We want to know what Black History Month Means to you! In 250 words or less tell the #Celtics and adidas Basketball. 

Enter here: www.Celtics.com/BHM OR email your 250 words to BHMContest@celtics.com

*Entrants must attend 6th, 7th or 8th grade with in the 75 mile radius of Boston*, As Isaiah Thomas' All-Star Weekend comes to a close, he looks back on it all and knows that the memories he had will last a lifetime., Isaiah Thomas' first All-Star Game experience is officially in the books, and he explains here why it was "everything I dreamed of." http://on.nba.com/1Kk3AQ0, Does your son or daughter have what it takes to be a Boston Celtics broadcaster? 
Is that a yes? 
Then have them show us for a chance to be the next Arbella Insurance Jr. Broadcaster!
Send us a video: http://bit.ly/20CoFJi, Isaiah Thomas made it to the championship round of the Skills Challenge, but Minnesota's big man Karl-Anthony Towns was victorious., #IsaiahThomas explains how he lost in the championship round of the Skills Challenge, and suggests a tweak to the event for next season: on.nba.com/1QeL124, Isaiah Thomas sits down with Marc D'Amico to discuss how grateful he is to be a Celtic and what he expects to accomplish in the upcoming events at All-Star Weekend., Show us your #CelticsPride and enter the #CelticsSelfie Sweepstakes! Post a selfie wearing your best C's gear and enter to win great prizes from the Massachusetts State Lottery! Enter now: www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, Want to know what it’s like to travel with the Celtics? Test your luck and get Charmed by Travel, courtesy of ALEX AND ANI.  

Enter to TRAVEL WITH THE TEAM and INDULGE in a $500 SHOPPING SPREE. Info here: bit.ly/1QvBIcD, Takeda Oncology donates to #myelomaresearch for every 3-pointer the Celtics drain. Visit http://on.nba.com/1SMgVDa for more information. #3PointsforPatients, Marcus Smart and his U.S.A. Team were victorious in the Rising Stars Game on Friday night in Toronto., Marcus Smart was a conservative facilitator Friday night during the BBVA Rising Stars Challenge, and C's fans will be happy to hear why he took that approach: http://on.nba.com/1O7CoP7, Although All-Star Weekend has only just begun, Isaiah Thomas has already been recognized by both current and former NBA All-Stars., Fellow All-Stars are singing nothing but praise for #IsaiahThomas, as Marc D'Amico writes here from #NBAAllStarTO: on.nba.com/1mxuQ1Y, Isaiah Thomas talks about his emotions so far since he's been in Toronto for All-Star weekend., Celtics guard Marcus Smart sits down and talks with the media before taking the court during the Rising Stars Game later tonight., What does Black History Month mean to you? WE WANT TO KNOW! 

Attention: 6th, 7th and 8th graders! Tell the Boston Celtics and adidas Basketball what #BHM means to you in 250 words for a chance to win suite tickets, VIP meet & greet, and recognition at a #Celtics game!

For more information visit Celtics.com/BHM
#CelticsBHM, Teammates Isaiah Thomas and Marcus Smart have some fun as they participate in a variety of stations throughout the NBA All-Star media circuit., ICYMI: Isaiah Thomas and Chris Paul accomplished a feat Wednesday night that had only been done twice in NBA history. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1PoYWPA, Want to deck out your court, #Celtics style? 
Then enter to win a makeover, courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Check out Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, Help the #GreenRunsDeep #BostonMarathon team reach their goal of $150,000 to support youth in need!  Donate today by visiting: http://bit.ly/1SCVIdX., Show us how #greenrunsdeep for you after last night's great win! 

Enter the #CelticsSelfie sweepstakes by posting a selfie wearing your best C's gear...and you could win VIP prizes from the Massachusetts State Lottery! www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, The Celtics will have a good showing in many of the events taking place in Toronto during All-Star weekend., Isaiah Thomas and Chris Paul delivered a point guard battle for the ages Wednesday night, and it was IT who came out on top in the end. Here's how it went down:  http://on.nba.com/1Pn9y1p, In their second night of a back-to-back the Boston Celtics pull out a gritty win over the LA Clippers in OT., Wednesday night's overtime belonged to Evan Turner, but we never would have gotten there without Isaiah Thomas. For the full breakdown, read our Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/1WfvBJf, Jae Crowder will not be denied! Watch him drive the lane and finish through contact for the big bucket:, First comes the slick passing, then comes the strong take to the rack by Marcus Smart. Check out this sequence and tune in now on Comcast SportsNet New England, Will tonight's game be Paul Pierce's last at TD Garden? He reveals his answer here: http://on.nba.com/20WwIRw, The Boston Celtics will look to close out with a win against the LA Clippers Wednesday night before they head into All-Star break., The Celtics Top 5 Plays from the week of 2/3-2/9 when Boston was at the brink of defeat against the top team in the East., How did the #Celtics stand together as a team to break down the color barrier in sports? 

Check out our interview with Brad Stevens, Satch Sanders and Walter McCarty to learn about #CelticsBHM presented by adidas Basketball!, Despite allowing a 40-point 3rd quarter to the Milwaukee Bucks, the Celtics still had a chance to steal a victory on Tuesday night. They nearly did it. http://on.nba.com/1QqCXp3, The Celtics fell behind by 19 in the 2nd half, but came roaring back to tie it up down the stretch. A late foul sealed the game, as Middleton hit the game winning free throw, but Boston believes the game was lost well before then., This was a wild one in Milwaukee. Here's how the final seconds went down during Boston's 112-111 defeat to the Milwaukee Bucks on.nba.com/1KEq2mJ, Marc D'Amico catches up with Jordan Mickey to discuss his All-Star break plans, and taking advantage of his opportunities playing in Maine with the Red Claws., In today's Amtrak Travel Report Brad Stevens says not to judge the Bucks by their record, and Marc D'Amico explains what to look out for during tonight’s matchup with Milwaukee., Isaiah Thomas speaks about being named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week., Charmed by TRAVEL? Crave more bangles? Now’s your chance to TRAVEL with the #Celtics and INDULGE on a $500 SHOPPING SPREE courtesy of ALEX AND ANI! Enter here: bit.ly/1KzTLrP, Boston is riding a bunch of hot hands into Milwaukee tonight. Here's what to watch for as it looks for its 10th win in 11 tries: http://on.nba.com/1T3wVzz, Over the weekend the Boston Celtics and New England Baptist Hospital tipped-off the 2016 Jr. Celtics Program with over 300 local youth participants. #NBAFIT #JrNBA, Congratulations to Isaiah Thomas on being named the NBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week., Isaiah Thomas and Marcus Smart rep the #Celtics with All-Star quality on and off the court! #ThisIsWhyWePlay #CelticsAssist, Avery Bradley got the Celtics off to a quick start, and the offense continued to carry Boston in their 128-119 win over the Kings at TD Garden., Isaiah Thomas wished for a win on his 27th birthday, and he delivered in clutch fashion against his former team. Here's how:, The Boston Celtics defeat the Sacramento Kings at TD Garden 128-119 and snatch their fourth straight victory in the process., "I have an old coaching friend that always said, 'When they hit a last-second shot, watch out the next game,'" Brad Stevens stated after Sunday's win. Does that statement hold any weight? It seemed that way against the Kings: on.nba.com/1mmc1yy, Darren Collison thought he had an easy layup. Tyler Zeller had other plans:, The birthday boy just took the rock the length of the floor and earned himself an and-one bucket! Watch IT burn some rubber (and the Kings):, The Celtics benefited from Rajon Rondo's facilitation for years. Here's how, DeMarcus Cousins  and the Sacramento Kings are doing the same: http://on.nba.com/1oiDAKI, The Celtics play host to Rajon Rondo and the Sacramento Kings at 1 p.m. this afternoon. What’s in store for the C’s? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/23Rd2Rb, The Celtics fell behind the Cavs early, but clawed back into the game and finished off the 104-103 win in dramatic fashion., Calling all middle school poets, writers and students! 

We want to know what Black History Month means to you! In 250 words or less tell the #Celtics and adidas Basketball.

Enter at www.Celtics.com/BHM OR email your 250 words to BHMContest@celtics.com

*Entrants must be in 6th, 7th or 8th grade and live within 75-mile radius of Boston*, "Charm is not making people like you. It's making them like themselves when you're around." 

Get Charmed by Travel with ALEX AND ANI. Fly with the Celtics to PHX. Enter here: bit.ly/1QnXihq, Let us see how #greenrunsdeep for you! Post a selfie wearing your best C's gear and enter to win VIP prizes from the Massachusetts State Lottery! Enter the #CelticSelfie sweepstakes now: www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, Avery Bradley and the Celtics shocked the conference-leading Cavs in Cleveland, and here's how it all went down on.nba.com/1PGdvj2, AB’s game-winning bucket will be the talk of the town tonight. How did we get to that point, though? Here’s how: on.nba.com/1QjejXx, Avery. Bradley., Check out this sweet string of passing by the Celtics, leading to an athletic finish by Evan Turner:, Amanda talks with Zeller before the Celtics face off against the Cavs in Cleveland., Brad Stevens and Ty Lue discuss their game plans heading into tonight's playoff rematch in Cleveland: on.nba.com/1X9qOu0, The Celtics face the Cavs in Cleveland, and with both teams gaining confidence as of late, this matchup is an opportunity to make a statement in the East. Marc and Amanda discuss what Boston needs to do in today's Amtrak Travel Report., Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Tyronn Lue began his coaching career in Boston. Here's the impression he left during his four seasons with the Celtics organization: http://on.nba.com/20LWWGf, The Celtics know that facing the Cleveland Cavaliers on the road will be a great test for them in terms of competition., Tonight marks the second matchup of the season between the C’s and Cavs. This time around, however, it will seemingly be a much different game. Here's what to watch for: on.nba.com/1S5brTO, For every 3 the C's drain, Takeda Oncology donates to #myelomaresearch. Visit http://on.nba.com/1SMgVDa  for more information. #3PointsforPatients, ARE YOU...
                   the next Arbella Insurance Jr. Broadcaster? 
Send us your video: http://bit.ly/20CoFJi, Check out the Boston Celtics Stat of the Month presented by DraftKings. Play 1-Day Fantasy Basketball for huge cash prizes at DraftKings.com, the Official 1-Day Fantasy Sports Partner of the Boston Celtics http://bit.ly/1lXZP7R, Marcus Smart was 3/4 from behind the arc in the first half against the Pistons, helping the C's close out with the win Wednesday night., Boston is riding its hottest stretch of the season, but now it's time to test some deeper waters. The Celtics have their eyes locked in on the Cleveland Cavaliers, and they say they surely won't back down from the top team in the East Friday night: http://on.nba.com/1NRto0C, The Celtics close out with a win against the Pistons 102-95 at TD Garden., The Celtics looked to tie the series against the Pistons on Wednesday night and thanks to some late game execution the C’s held them off for the W., Boston’s jack-of-all-trades was at it again on Wednesday night against Detroit, as Evan Turner used his versatile skill set once again to help the C's log another victory. Read how, and more, with our DraftKings Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1PBpKNN, Is this TD Garden or the three-ring circus? It looked like the latter when Evan Turner managed to sink this crazy layup:, Marcus Smart closed the first quarter in style by draining a silky-smooth 3-pointer. Watch it again:, Boston's bench has scored a league-high 52.0 PPG during its last five games, and Evan Turner's consistency and well-roundedness is a big reason why. Read: http://on.nba.com/1PVjMta, The Boston Celtics have vaulted into a tie for third place in the East, and they've caught the eye of tonight's opposing head coach, Stan Van Gundy of the Detroit Pistons. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/23JjUA0, Tyler Zeller set season highs in scoring (16) and rebounding (10) coming off the bench against the Knicks Tuesday night., Last month, the Boston Celtics and the Massachusetts State Lottery‘s Heroes Among Us paid it forward through ticket donations to various community organizations. We hope you enjoyed the #Celtics experience and hope to see you at TD Garden again soon! 

Disabled American Veterans
Honor Flight New England
Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation
Dare Family Services - Roxbury
Seekers of Knowledge
Southeastern Regional Vocational Technical High School Official Page
Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston - Patricia Garcia and her son Nathaniel, The Boston Celtics defeat the New York Knicks at MSG and move the series to 2-1., Tuesday's first half was ugly, but the Celtics got back to business in New York and picked the New York Knicks apart for a W: on.nba.com/1UIwB8g, Tyler Zeller received extended playing time Tuesday night vs. the Knicks. He capitalized with a double-double (16 points, 10 rebounds) and drove Boston to a win: http://on.nba.com/20oxjhR, Amanda Pflugrad sits down with Avery Bradley before tipoff and talk about how best to defeat the Knicks on their home court., What's gotten into the Celtics' offense of late (they've scored at least 110 points in each of their last six games)? Stevens explains his new emphasis: on.nba.com/1RZ3rno, The Celtics need to show their toughness tonight as they match up against the Knicks at Madison Square Garden., Coach Stevens discusses Jonas Jerebko making the most of his minutes on the court., Post a selfie wearing your C's gear for us to check out and you could win VIP prizes from the Massachusetts State Lottery! Show your #CelticsPride and enter the #CelticSelfie sweepstakes now: www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, With Jae Crowder's status up in the air tonight, here's what to watch for when the C's face New York and a new-look Carmelo Anthony at Madison Square Garden: http://on.nba.com/1QETEjh, Check out the Celtics JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays from the past week., Marcus Smart says he feels like his old self again, and he's proving it with outstanding offensive production. He explains his return to form here: http://on.nba.com/1SU0ip1, After falling to the Magic, the Celtics look to make adjustments heading into the Knicks matchup Tuesday night at MSG., Win a night of #Celtics Perks from Dunkin' Donuts...dinner with a Legend, special access to the team shootaround and more. http://on.nba.com/1OGSSQ1, The Magic finish with a comeback win over the Celtics 119-114 in Orlando.  The Celtics discuss second half play and defense as factors in the loss., Sunday's loss in Orlando was the culmination of a lesson learned by the Celtics: that sweeping a home-and-home in the NBA is no simple task: on.nba.com/1KQQxAc, Marcus Smart had a career effort Sunday night, but it was not enough to stop Orlando's 72-point second-half outburst: http://on.nba.com/1OZDGQe, Evan Turner sits down with Amanda Pflugrad pregame to talk about the Celtics' current win streak., The Celtics and Orlando Magic are heading in opposite directions, but Brad Stevens says they should be carrying the same mindset into tonight's game: on.nba.com/1Q4zTic, The Celtics are on a five game win streak, but they have to focus strictly on tonight's game, as the Magic have a winning record at home., Marcus Smart & the C's bench dominated Orlando Friday night. Now they're ready for round two. Here's what to watch for when Boston takes on the Magic at 6 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1PqKWpK, Celtics players talk about the reason behind their jersey numbers in this edition of Parquet Personalities., Celtics President of Basketball Operations Danny Ainge was honored at 'The Tradition' as a legendary figure in New England sports., Charmed by travel? Hooked on bangles? Now's your chance to TRAVEL WITH THE TEAM and WIN a $500 SHOPPING SPREE in warm PHX courtesy of ALEX AND ANI. Enter here: bit.ly/1QvBlip, Check out Evan Turner's buzzer-beater. He was the H&R Block Clutch Player of the Game in the C's win against the Orlando Magic., The Celtics records season-high with five straight wins after Friday night's win over the Magic, which included big-time production from the bench., Boston's had a well-balanced attack all season long, but scoring 62 points off the bench Friday night took it to a whole different level. Here's why the C's reserves are thriving right now: http://on.nba.com/1VwAxZW, The Celtics took their streak to 5 wins in a row, as they took down the Magic on Friday night. The bench came up big again, and the team's confidence continues to grow., The end of the third quarter could have swung momentum in Orlando's favor on Friday night. We say could have, because  Evan Turner did his thing and stole that momentum right back: on.nba.com/1QyhcGy, The Celtics have turned it up a notch in the fourth quarter and are burying the Magic at TD Garden. If you're not here, this is what you're missing out on:, Kelly Olynyk would like to remind everyone (especially the Orlando Magic) that the bounce is indeed real:, Celtics rookie Jordan Mickey will be joining Isaiah Thomas and Marcus Smart at All-Star Weekend in two weeks. Read about the forward's latest accolade: http://on.nba.com/1nUaEbQ, Boston's opponent tonight, the Orlando Magic, was the top team in the East during December. This month, it's been the worst. Here's the scoop behind Orlando's sudden downfall: http://on.nba.com/20bFj5K, Players from around the league took to social media to express their excitement for Isaiah Thomas' All-Star selection., Watch the Celtics in style! Play FREE 1-Day Fantasy Basketball on DraftKings today to win one of three (3) suite ticket prizes!  http://bit.ly/1mZRMrM, It's been a great week to be a Celtic, and it's been a brutal month to play for the Magic. We preview their matchup here: on.nba.com/23yamIe, Here's what a 5-foot-9 NBA All-Star, your own Isaiah Thomas, looks like while he's dropping 21.6 points per game on Boston's opponents., It's official: Isaiah Thomas is officially an All-Star! He's headed to #NBAAllStarTO, and as Marc D'Amico writes, it wasn't even a debate: on.nba.com/1SmrKu1, After recording 27 points in last nights game against the Nuggets, Avery Bradley wants to continue to set the tone on both offense and defense for the C’s., Isaiah Thomas, who’s usually as cool as a cucumber, was a bit on edge at today's practice. Maybe that’s because his All-Star dreams could come true tonight: on.nba.com/1SMBkYN, null, Arbella Insurance is giving your son our daughter the chance to join the pros. Win exclusive access to Coach Stevens press conferences, join media for an on-air broadcasting opportunity and MORE! Visit www.celtics.com/ArbellaJrBroadcaster for all details!, In this week's JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays, some of the tallest Celtics soar to new heights. Take a look!, After a comeback in the fourth quarter by the Denver Nuggets, the Celtics were able to hang on and come out with a victory., Avery Bradley has acted as Boston's offensive igniter this season, and he lived up to that reputation with a blazing start to Wednesday's win over Denver. Here are the details on AB's fiery first quarter tendencies: http://on.nba.com/1nQzPMl, The Boston Celtics defeat the Denver Nuggets 111-103 at home and get their fourth straight win in the process., Amir Johnson's performance in tonight's win over the Nuggets can't be ignored. Find out why in our DraftKings Keys to the Game: on.nba.com/1PkhzoW, It's the man bun takeover! In case you missed it, here's Kelly Olynyk going the length of the court to beat the third quarter buzzer with the hoop and harm:, Avery Bradley is en fuego to start this game! He's got 13 points in the first quarter and leads all scorers. Tune in on CSNNE now!, Marcus Smart was selected to participate in All-Star Weekend's Rising Stars Challenge Wednesday afternoon. He and coach Brad Stevens shared their thoughts on the honor prior to taking on the Denver Nuggets: http://on.nba.com/1Vt2GRB, Gaining momentum behind PG Isaiah Thomas, the Celtics looks for their second 4-game winning streak in the last month as they prepare to face the Nuggets at TD Garden., The Celtics roll back to TD Garden tonight as winners of six of their last eight games. Here's what to watch for when they take on the Denver Nuggets at 7:30 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1WNUzAm, Never too old to learn new moves! Residents of Mission Hill got moving at the Sr. #Celtics dance clinic Monday afternoon presented by New England Baptist Hospital. #NBAFIT, Be Like Kelly. #KellyFor3 #TheBounceisReal, After some early mornings, late nights and heavy snow, the Celtics still managed to defeat both of their opponents by a healthy margin on the road., Make a statement and be #charmedbytravel! Now’s your chance to travel with the Boston Celtics to Phoenix and win an ALEX AND ANI $500 shopping spree! bit.ly/1SeY8ip, The C’s made a point of stopping John Wall and keeping the Washington Wizards out of their transition game in Monday's NBA tilt at the Verizon Center. The plan worked: http://on.nba.com/1SgsNfg, The Celtics turned up the transition defense against the Wizards on the second night of a back-to-back and took home their second win in as many nights, 116-91., The Celtics completed a season sweep of the Wizards, and they did so thanks to another All-Star performance from Isaiah Thomas: on.nba.com/200gaee, Marc D'Amico sits down with Jerebko before the Celtics tip off against the Wizards in DC on the second night of a back-to-back., The Celtics will face the Wizards in DC and look to clean up the film from the last matchup, which was just over a week ago., Perk up your Monday with a chance to win a night of Celtics Perks from Dunkin' Donuts, now! www.celtics.com/dunkinvip, If the Celtics reach 100 points tonight in D.C., they will accomplish a feat they have not achieved in nearly 20 years: http://on.nba.com/1PxyO1O, The Celtics responded well after arriving in Philadelphia about 8 hours prior to tip off. The defensive focus paid dividends on the offensive end., After a #blizzard, the Celtics stormed the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday night in NBA action at the Wells Fargo Center. http://on.nba.com/1OIRfTZ, Marcus Smart snapped out of his shooting funk and the Celtics controlled the Sixers from start to finish in Philly: on.nba.com/1TjEDpw, Marc D'Amico catches up with Bradley before the Celtics face the 76ers in Philadelphia., After weather delays, the Celtics finally landed in Philly for Sunday night's matchup against the 76ers. In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Coach Stevens discusses how different this team is now that they have added Ish Smith., Due to winter storm Jonas, the Celtics haven't made their way to Philadelphia yet for their Sunday night game against the 76ers. The team discusses their plan as well as how the delay will alter their preparation., Check in with the Celtics off the court as they celebrate MLK, visit children from Project Sunshine and receive recognition., With the Celtics back at home, they grab a 110-101 win over the Chicago Bulls and move to 2-1 in the series., The Celtics were hit with obstacles throughout the day on Friday, but that didn't keep them from halting the Chicago Bulls in their tracks: http://on.nba.com/23klFn7, Avery Bradley opened Friday night's game with a swish, and his teammates fell in line with a first-half show vs. the Bulls: on.nba.com/1OMAx45, Jimmy Butler just got his pocket picked by Isaiah Thomas for an easy deuce. Check out IT's sneaky steal:, The Celtics gave up 115-plus points during their last three games – a trend that Brad Stevens says must change tonight against the Bulls: http://on.nba.com/1PofRoE, Derrick Rose missed the majority of the last four seasons, but that hasn't kept him from playing the game he loves. He explained the process of getting his career back on track prior to taking on the C's tonight: http://on.nba.com/1lCYt1f, Coming off the bench against the Raptors, both Kelly Olynyk and Jonas Jerebko were able to establish a rhythm together to provide a lift to the C's offense., Play FREE 1-Day Fantasy Basketball TODAY and DraftKings may send YOU to Cleveland with the team! http://bit.ly/1IUFFWG, Kelly Olynyk is red-hot, but can he and the C's finally figure out the Chicago Bulls' defense? We discuss here: on.nba.com/23jmxIM, Will the Celtics be represented in Toronto during All-Star Weekend? We will find out in the coming weeks. Marc D'Amico breaks down the timeline., Get motivated to live a healthier lifestyle during #NBAFIT Week by teaming up with a friend and get moving! #CelticsAssist, The Boston Celtics fell to the Toronto Raptors 115-109 and a big factor was late game execution., Isaiah Thomas put forth another All-Star-caliber effort Wednesday night in Toronto, but a key turnover during the final minute was costly for Boston: http://on.nba.com/1P7dq7L, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Amanda Pflugrad sits down with Celtics big man Kelly Olynyk as he discusses playing in his home country and his performance the other night in Dallas., Amir Johnson made a major impact on the city of Toronto during his six seasons with the Raptors. Now he hopes to build an equally positive identity in Boston: http://on.nba.com/1RAjOqo, After spending six seasons with the Toronto Raptors before joining the Celtics, Amir Johnson reflects on his time in Toronto, A great performance tonight in Toronto would give Isaiah Thomas an All-Star boost, writes Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1Qejudy, A triple-double and buzzer beater highlight the JetBlue Airways Top 5 Plays this week., Today the Boston Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S. announced the 2nd Year of "Fit to Win," a program aimed at improving the health and well-being of young people throughout New England, as well as promoting diabetes education. Throughout the program, children in grades 3-6 of YMCA of Greater Boston and YMCA of Southern Maine will participate in daily workouts, and be encouraged to maintain a nutritious diet and make healthy lifestyle choices! #NBAfit #SunLifeFitToWin Learn more at www.celtics.com/SunLifeFitToWin, Win a #Celtics Style makeover courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Visit Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, Smart provided a spark for his team coming off the bench and he did it in front of some familiar faces., After a sluggish start the Celtics got the momentum going in the second half but it wasn't enough to top the Dallas Mavericks at home., The Celtics overcame a 17-point deficit to force overtime in Dallas Monday night, but ultimately could not push past the Mavs' 3-point shooting prowess: http://on.nba.com/1nh1g21, After the Mavericks loss to the Spurs, Jonas Jerebko explains how tonight's contest will come down to which team is hungrier for the win., The Celtics will look to grab their fourth straight victory tonight against the Mavericks and know finishing strong down the stretch is imperative for them., The Celtics defeat the Wizards in a close contest 119-117., Talk about a dramatic finish! The Celtics executed a perfect play after a timeout to seal the win on Saturday night. If you missed Jae Crowder's game winner, don't worry - we've got you covered. Watch it now:, Amanda Pflugrad catches up with Avery Bradley before tip off as he discusses the need to continue good ball movement against the Washington Wizards., In today's Amtrak Travel Report, the Celtics prepare for their second night of a back-to-back against the Washington Wizards, The Celtics won their second game in a row at home, beating the Suns 117-103. Marcus Smart led the way as he notched his first career triple-double., Brad Stevens is a preacher of fluid ball movement, and Friday night his Celtics choir made him proud with assists on each of their first 12 baskets. Here's how that set the tone for Boston's blowout win over Phoenix: http://on.nba.com/1ZqMYaC, Kelly Olynyk caught fire in the second quarter. Marcus Smart messed around and got a triple-double. But most importantly, the Celtics dealt the Suns a blowout loss on Friday night. Read the Keys to the Game here: on.nba.com/1ZCkEr9, Kelly Olynyk went on a tear in the 2nd quarter! He scored 13 of his 15 points in the quarter in less than two and a half minutes. Check it out:, When the C's obtained Isaiah Thomas from Phoenix last season, their fate was altered monumentally. Brad Stevens explained how the deal went down ahead of tonight's tip-off vs. the Suns: http://on.nba.com/1noRHOd, How many Eastern Conference point guards have scored 97-plus over a three-game span this season?

One. Isaiah Thomas.

Comment below with his name and #NBAVote. Make this guy an All-Star!, Isaiah Thomas has had a hot hand as of late and discusses how he is focused on getting back on track after last week., Enter for your son or daughter to be a #Celtics Jr. Broadcaster courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Join the pros and get exclusive access to Coach Stevens press conferences, join media for an on-air broadcasting opportunity and MORE! Visit www.celtics.com/ArbellaJrBroadcaster for all details!, The Celtics went small Wednesday night. Should you expect to see the same tonight? Marc D'Amico discusses here: on.nba.com/1Q36wPL, Team up with Jared Sullinger on January 28th to support his 4th annual clothing drive benefiting Goodwill Boston!, After dropping four in a row, the Celtics pull out a win 103-94 at home against the Pacers., Let Isaiah Thomas show you what's new in 2016! Send him to the NBA All-Star Game. To vote for IT comment on this post w/ Isaiah Thomas & #NBAVOTE., Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad break down the final minutes of the 4th quarter and explain how the Celtics literally stole the game., Amir Johnson is normally regarded as a quietly productive player, but he sure created a lot of noise Wednesday night, as he guided the C's back into the win column: http://on.nba.com/201EM2O, The Celtics finished with a win Wednesday night against the Pacers 103-94 and their defense played a huge factor the victory., The Celtics turned into thieves during the final moments of Wednesday’s game against the Pacers. That transformation allowed them to rip a win right out of Indiana's hands: http://on.nba.com/1Q6Xxz3, Isaiah Thomas just shook every Pacer on the floor for this slick bucket. Watch it again and comment with "Isaiah Thomas #NBAVote" to get him into the All-Star Game!, Jared Sullinger will return to the starting lineup tonight when the C's host the Indiana Pacers. Brad Stevens explains the decision here: http://on.nba.com/1PcgzyV, Jae Crowder explains the importance of teamwork and coming together as a group as it looks to get back into the win column tonight., Even with the Celtics loss, a bright spot in the game was Thomas' performance.  He finished with 34 points and dished out 8 assists., Isaiah Thomas has now scored 69 points over his last two games. But the Celtics' 0-2 record during those games says that he needs more help: on.nba.com/1nhFgni, The Celtics weren't able to outlast the Knicks down the stretch of Tuesday night's matchup.  But if it weren't for the efforts of Isaiah Thomas, who carried Boston for the second consecutive game, this one might not have even been close: http://on.nba.com/1P0eqMW, Kelly Olynyk talks with Amanda Pflugrad about matching up with New York's front court and closing down the stretch., During the toughest presser of his tenure in Boston, Brad Stevens held back tears while saying goodbye to "the toughest guy I've ever met," Andrew Smith: on.nba.com/1l4hUQn, The Celtics look to get back in the win column against the Knicks at Madison Square Garden tonight.  The C's big men need to show their toughness against a talented New York front court., #LetsGoCeltics, score #3PointsforPatients! For every 3-pointer the Celtics make, Takeda Oncology will donate to the International Myeloma Foundation. For more information, visit: http://www.nba.com/celtics/takedaoncology, After dropping three in a row the Celtics know the challenges that the Knicks pose and will try to disrupt their flow tonight at MSG., Carmelo Anthony has been hot of late, but Jae Crowder & the C's understand what it will take to contain him tonight when they face off at Madison Square Garden: http://on.nba.com/1ONB74T, After falling to the Grizzlies the Celtics have now lost three consecutive games and Coach Stevens wants his team to respond to the adversity., The Celtics now drop three in a row after a late comeback win by the Memphis Grizzlies. The Celtics will look to regroup and share the ball more against the Knicks., Avery Bradley, dripping in positivity, was every bit the part of a captain after the C's sang the blues in Memphis: on.nba.com/1REXH0i, Isaiah Thomas broke out of a shooting funk, but the Celtics could not stave off Memphis’ scorching comeback Sunday night: http://on.nba.com/1PYHlQs, After missing three games for the C's because of a left hip contusion, Avery Bradley is back in the starting five., Marcus Smart talks to Amanda Pflugrad about his steady recovery and working his way back into the rotation., Isaiah Thomas and the C's offense have been struggling of late, but a plan is in place to get them humming yet again: on.nba.com/1OYKA56, After missing the Bulls game, Brad Stevens was back at Saturday's practice and will coach against the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday night., 100 days until the #BostonMarathon!  Meet the #GreenRunsDeep marathon team!  They'll fundraise and run 26.2 miles for the #ShamrockFoundation.  Learn more and donate today: http://bit.ly/1SCVIdX, Strong mentors transform lives. Support youth in your community and #MentorIRL, visit http://bit.ly/1OOeYzb., Assistant Coach, Jay Larranaga, filled Brad Stevens' role  Thursday night against the Bulls and addressed the type of person he is off the court., Jordan Mickey (16P/10R/4B) and Terry Rozier (23P/9R/5A) guided the Maine Red Claws to a D-League Showcase win Thursday afternoon. Check out their highlights here: http://bit.ly/1PT83da, Check out the @Celtics Stat of the Month presented by DraftKings. http://bit.ly/1JuszPT, On their second night of a back-to-back, the Celtics fall to the Bulls and know they need to focus in., "He's my leader" - The Celtics explain a difficult night without their coach, Brad Stevens, in Chicago: on.nba.com/1S7vmRM, DraftKings Keys to the Game: The Chicago Bulls' third-quarter run starts the second half and stops the Celtics on the road., Amanda Pflugrad talks to Tyler Zeller about the challenging matchup against Chicago tonight., Jay Larranaga discusses Brad Stevens' difficult situation and how he plans to fill in for the head coach tonight in Chicago: on.nba.com/1ZdwCr2, The Celtics have a tough test ahead with their schedule but coach Stevens knows how to help the team manage the road., Charlestown Boys and Girls Club
Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation
Volunteers of America Massachusetts 
AmpSurf 
Berklee City Music Boston
Employment Options (Marlboro, MA)
Ovations ForThe Cure
Roxbury Community College
Main Dunstable School PTO
Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston
Newton North High School
USS Constitution
Chills Diamond Ring Tournament and Educational Foundation, Post a selfie wearing your Celtics gear to enter the Massachusetts State Lottery #CelticsSelfie Sweepstakes! www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, Coach Brad Stevens, guard R.J. Hunter, and other Celtics staff members help out the Greater Boston Food Bank., The Celtics have struggled to contain Andre Drummond on the glass in the past, but they held the league's top rebounder to a season-low in that category Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/1OO7Skp, The Celtics held the lead against the Pistons nearly the entire game but it was their opponents physicality that got them in the end., Isaiah Thomas came alive in the fourth quarter on Wednesday as he tried to push the C's over the top, but Detroit was able to thwart Boston in the end. Here's how it went down: http://on.nba.com/1kNM4r7, Isaiah Thomas is getting crafty with the rock tonight! Check out this sweet first-quarter dime and vote IT into the All-Star Game.

Comment on this post with "Isaiah Thomas #NBAVote" to make sure your vote gets counted., Celtics players recall their first experience dunking on someone in the NBA., Brad Stevens explains why he's keeping Kelly Olynyk in the starting lineup vs. the Detroit Pistons, and also gives his thoughts on how to contain Andre Drummond in the low post: http://on.nba.com/1kNiWjD, Now that Brandon Jennings has returned from his ruptured Achilles, he and Detroit Pistons teammate Reggie Jackson have the potential to form a deadly one-two punch at the point. The Celtics should have their hands full against that backcourt tonight: http://on.nba.com/1mCLjTq, A look back at the Brooklyn Nets game and Marcus Smart's defensive effort., Win a #Celtics Style makeover courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Visit Celtics.com/ArbellaMakeover for full details!, Who's gonna start for the Celtics tonight against the Detroit Pistons? We dive into the options and much more here: on.nba.com/1JuadyD, Enter to be a #Celtics Jr. Broadcaster courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Visit www.celtics.com/ArbellaJrBroadcaster for all details!, A win against the Brooklyn Nets Monday night helped give the Celtics the lift they needed., Kelly Olynyk's impact Monday night far surpassed his nine points and four rebounds. The C's explain here: on.nba.com/1S2wVk3, Amanda Pflugrad sits down with Lynn Loscutoff, who talks about her book "Loscy and Me" and shares memories about her late husband Jim "Loscy" Loscutoff., After back-to-back losses, the Celtics know the importance of getting back into the win column and building off their performance against the Nets., Both Celtics players and legends talk about their New Year's resolutions., Brad Stevens shook things up Monday night in Brooklyn, and it worked.  His Celtics followed up with a confident, comfortable win over the Nets: http://on.nba.com/1JUtPGZ, After dropping two games in a row the Celtics down the Nets 103-94 at Barclays Center with a steady attack in the paint., Jae Crowder stomped on Brooklyn's comeback effort Monday night, hitting clutch shots down the stretch for the C's, while establishing a new career high: http://on.nba.com/1Z3YMF1, Amanda Pflugrad catches up with James Young just before tip-off to discuss his opportunity to contribute as his minutes increase., Brad Stevens has made sweeping changes to Boston's starting lineup. Marc D'Amico has the details here: on.nba.com/1RcZewd, Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico discuss the implications of the Nets losing Jarrett Jack and the C's playing without Avery Bradley., After falling to the Nets Saturday night the Celtics know they need to slow down Brook Lopez, who had a season-high 30 points against them., The C’s will have a void to fill tonight due the absence of Avery Bradley. Here are the adjustments they'll need to make when they take on the Brooklyn Nets: http://on.nba.com/1PIrTYy, Backcourt injuries are piling up for both the Celtics and Brooklyn Nets. Here's what to watch for when they meet tonight at Barclays Center: http://on.nba.com/1OG9PJk, After back-to-back losses the Celtics know they need to start playing up to their standard., Boston's sluggish play was costly Saturday afternoon, but its "energy giver" provided an interesting finish vs. the Brooklyn Nets: http://on.nba.com/22EsTlH, The Celtics got a spark from Marcus Smart off the bench, but it wasn't enough, as Boston fell to the Nets 100-97., The C's had their chances down the stretch of Saturday's matinee matchup against the Nets, but Brook Lopez's performance was enough to push Brooklyn to a win: on.nba.com/22Ec627, R.J. Hunter sustained a minor injury during his first D-League game Thursday afternoon which will sideline him today vs. the Nets. But aside from the injury, he says getting extra reps in Maine was beneficial: http://on.nba.com/1PDE1rJ, Avery Bradley and the Celtics bench may be in store for big performances this afternoon. Here's why: on.nba.com/22DMNx1, After falling to the Lakers the Celtics know they can't play down to their competition moving forward., The Brooklyn Nets come to Boston Saturday afternoon riding a 9-23 record, but the Celtics explain why they can’t take those win/loss numbers for granted: http://on.nba.com/1PBlZs3, Celtics Fans, are you ready to ring in the New Year?  Need some last minute party supplies and decorations? Check out Lucky the Leprechaun at our local Party City as he prepares for tonight’s festivities! Shop here: http://bit.ly/1ktVlo3, Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss how the Celtics lack of defensive intensity lead to the Lakers finding an offensive rhythm., TD Garden had a unique atmosphere Wednesday night, which made the rivalry between the Celtics and LA Lakers seem as strong as ever: http://on.nba.com/1ZD9E9K, In Kobe Bryant’s final trip to Boston, the Lakers snap the Celtics four-game winning streak and close out 112-104., Kobe Bryant made only four of his first 17 shots Wednesday night, but his 18th attempt was a dagger, and it was the defining moment of his final trip to Boston: http://on.nba.com/1IF8SVD, Kobe Bryant  took a trip down memory lane ahead of his final game at TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/1TqE6Qx, Lakers guard Kobe Bryant addresses the media prior to facing the Celtics at TD Garden for the final time in his career., Brandon Bass may now be wearing purple & gold with the LA Lakers, but it's clear that green still flows through his veins: http://on.nba.com/1Tqfmbd, After playing four seasons for the Celtics, Bass returns to the Garden with the Lakers tonight., Everyone wants to get into the Garden tonight for Celtics-LA Lakers. Kobe Bryant is a big reason why: on.nba.com/1NRsIvJ, Compete to win a Celtics All-Access Night Experience playing FREE 1-Day Fantasy Basketball at DraftKings.com on December 30th. The prize package includes: Courtside seats for two (2) to the Phoenix Suns vs. Boston Celtics game on Friday, 1/15, car service to and from the game, opportunity to watch pregame shoot around, dinner with a Celtics legend, two (2) personalized authentic jerseys and more.  Enter now! http://bit.ly/1Odcv7e, The Celtics are riding a season high with a four game win streak and know how to keep that momentum going against their next opponent in the Los Angeles Lakers., The C's are on a roll heading into their Wednesday night matchup against the Lakers. In fact, Boston is off to its hottest start in five seasons: http://on.nba.com/1mgLUdp, Celtics Fans, what is your favorite memory of the Celtics/Lakers Rivalry? Share with us below, then get out and EXPERIENCE the game LIVE Wednesday Night! Get tickets: http://bit.ly/1PuUJLG, Guard Marcus Smart came off the bench in his return to action on Sunday night after a five week absence., Post a selfie wearing your Celtics gear to enter the Massachusetts State Lottery #CelticsSelfie Sweepstakes! www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, Watch how Isaiah Thomas got to 21 points, 8 rebounds & 6 assists last night. Comment on this post with #NBAVOTE & Isaiah Thomas to send IT to the 2016 NBA All-Star Game., After a win over the Knicks on Sunday night, the Boston Celtics have now won four games in a row.  Evan Turner discusses how they keep that momentum going., Boston returned home and kept the winning streak alive. Isaiah Thomas took over down the stretch and willed the Celtics to the 100-91 victory over the Knicks., Evan Turner has always been a flashy finisher, but he took his unique inside game to a whole new level during Sunday's win against the Knicks: http://on.nba.com/1QR7LF8, Guard Marcus Smart was back in the lineup for the first time since Nov. 20th. He finished with six points in the Celtics 100-91 win over the Knicks on Sunday night., Sunday night's game between the Celtics and Knicks featured a head-to-head clash at the small forward position. Which team had the advantage at the three? Find the answer and more in the DraftKings Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1VlJkyg, Isaiah Thomas with a behind-the-back dish to Jerebko for 3. Comment on this post with #NBAVOTE & Isaiah Thomas to send IT to the 2016 NBA All Star Game., After an 18-game absence, Marcus Smart is finally back in Boston's lineup. Here's Brad Stevens' expectations for the guard when he hits the court against the Knicks tonight: http://on.nba.com/1OnCMts, After their third win in a row, the Celtics are back at home and will try and continue their streak when they play against the Knicks on Sunday night., Avery Bradley took the last loss against the Detroit Pistons personally. So the C's had a chip on their shoulder in Saturday night's NBA action at the The Palace of Auburn Hills. Read: on.nba.com/1IwAs7r, Boston's frontcourt came up big Saturday night in Detroit, all after Avery Bradley kept the C's afloat. MORE: on.nba.com/1Sh2h5J, After a loss to the Pistons ten days ago, the Celtics look to make a few adjustments in order to come out with a win tonight., Boston's frontcourt gets one player back while another suffers a setback. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1OsF94t, After two full days off, the Celtics look to get a win against the Pistons tonight., Happy Holidays from the Boston Celtics!  Check out some of the top highlights so far this season., Guard Marcus Smart surprises families who are dealing with chronic illnesses with an afternoon of fun and gift-giving., Get a behind-the-scenes look at the 2015 Celtics Dancers Photoshoot that featured Ashley, Peyton and Molly. Hair and makeup credit: G2O Spa and Salon, With the win against Charlotte on Wednesday night, Jae Crowder reached a double-double for his third game in a row., Kelly Olynyk and Jared Sullinger started together at center court and then finished together at center stage Wednesday night against the Charlotte Hornets., Kelly Olynyk sent his teammates into disbelief and Jae Crowder went double-doubling yet again. 'Twas a fun night for the Celtics in Charlotte: on.nba.com/1m72aO7, Kelly Olynyk with the follow up slam!, Hornets guard, Kemba Walker, will be looking to slow down Isaiah Thomas after his impressive performance against the Hornets during their last matchup., With a rigorous NBA schedule, Cody and Tyler Zeller aren't usually able to spend time together around the holidays.  This year will be a little different, as the Celtics take on the Hornets tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte., Three-point shooting numbers have been steadily drifting upward over the last several NBA seasons. Here's why the Celtics are on board with that trend: http://on.nba.com/1YBF9P8, Jae Crowder, in the midst of the hottest month of his career, looks to bring the heat to Charlotte tonight. Here's what to watch for when the C's take on the Charlotte Hornets at 7 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1SbCI67, WATCH HERE: Leon Powe and Roger Berkowitz share with Celtics fans how to give the gift of fish and feed a cause this holiday season.  A portion of proceeds from Legal Sea Foods gift card sales will benefit Boston Children's Hospital., Minnesota's Kevin Garnett received a warm welcome from Celtics fans at the Garden and enjoyed the Gino celebration., Enter to be a #Celtics Jr. Broadcaster courtesy of Arbella Insurance! Visit www.celtics.com/ArbellaJrBroadcaster for all details!, R.J. Hunter, Jonas Jerebko, Jordan Mickey, Kelly Olynyk, Jared Sullinger, Isaiah Thomas and Evan Turner along with other Celtics and Comcast staff join children from Boston Medical Center for an afternoon of games and caroling at the Top of the Hub's Skywalk., The Celtics defeated the Timberwolves 113-99 Monday night at TD Garden to snap a three-game losing streak. Hear players reactions after the win., The Celtics were plagued with injuries Monday night, but their frontcourt depth came into play and these guys stepped up to help deliver the win: http://on.nba.com/1JqDkO2, Kelly Olynyk and David Lee were inserted into the starting lineup, and helped break Boston's three game losing streak., Kevin Garnett took a few moments and spoke to the Boston media about what it is like to be back in Boston and what it means to him personally., The TD Garden crowd wanted KG. What they got was a first-class performance from the Celtics, featuring a Big Ticket favorite, Gino: http://on.nba.com/1QDqXpN, RJ Hunter with a half-court buzzer beater to end the first quarter against the Timberwolves at TD Garden., The  Celtics will be without two key frontcourt members tonight when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves. Does that mean we could be seeing rookie Jordan Mickey enter the mix? Brad Stevens has the answer here: http://on.nba.com/1J2tjf0, The #NBACares Season of Giving had an extra hint of green this December in Boston! #CelticsAssist, Amir Johnson may not play tonight, which is one topic to watch out for when the Celtics host KG and Minnesota tonight: on.nba.com/1PjE8dG, After three straight losses, the Celtics said they need to go make plays instead of relying too heavily on coach Stevens., It's been nearly three years since Kevin Garnett last donned his No. 5 Celtics uniform, but his legacy continues to live on in Boston's locker room: http://on.nba.com/1JmDJAS, After dropping three games in a row the Celtics will look to pull out a win over the Timberwolves; they understand the challenges they face., Celtics Dancer Peyton heads to G20 Spa & Salon for a makeover where she receives tips for styling her hair and applying makeup., Jae Crowder says, "I'll never stop putting in the work." For him, the hard work is paying off, writes Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1Igrc7f, After losing three games in a row, Evan Turner understands this team needs to be accountable to get back in the win column., Post a selfie with your Celtics gear on to enter the Massachusetts State Lottery #CelticsSelfie Sweepstakes! bit.ly/1NPtJ8w, Boston fell short to Atlanta Friday night, but Jae Crowder delivered an energetic career performance to honor his one-year anniversary with the Celtics:  http://on.nba.com/1NYXB2C, Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss the Celtics allowing points in the paint and what they need to do to remain a top 5 defense., After falling 109-101 to the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night. The C’s will look to regroup for their next game against the Timberwolves Monday Night., The C's were on a roll in the third quarter on Friday night, but a cold spell in the final frame allowed the visiting Hawks to snatch a win at TD Garden. For a breakdown of what went wrong, read the DraftKings Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1QRrVwM, ICYMI. C's are up 43-42 at the half vs. Atlanta. Tune in for second half coverage on CSNNE., On Jae Crowder’s one-year anniversary as a Celtic, Brad Stevens gives his thoughts on the impact that the tenacious swingman has had in Boston: http://on.nba.com/1Nudc8A, Send Isaiah Thomas to the NBA All-Star Game. Comment on this post with Isaiah’s first & last name & #NBAVOTE to cast your ballot. Celtics.com/VOTE, Isaiah Thomas scored 38 points in Wednesday night's game against the Pistons, which matched his career high., Find out how Boston and the Atlanta Hawks' backcourts have matched up this season, and plenty more, right here: on.nba.com/1NXx05N, Compete to win a Celtics All-Access Night Experience playing FREE 1-Day Fantasy Basketball at DraftKings.com on December 18th. The prize package includes: Courtside seats for two (2) to the Brooklyn Nets vs. Boston Celtics game on Saturday, Jan. 2, car service to and from the game, opportunity to watch pregame shoot around, dinner with a Celtics legend, two (2) personalized authentic jerseys and more.  Enter now! http://bit.ly/1LSYDax, The Celtics take to social media to share what they've been up to this holiday season., Give your family & friends a not-so-subtle hint. Share this post to show them that you want Celtics tickets for the holidays. http://on.nba.com/21JvSbS, Brad Stevens addresses the Celtics being the 7th youngest team in the NBA and how they're still eager to compete., WATCH HERE: Leon Powe and Roger Berkowitz share with Celtics fans how to give the gift of fish and feed a cause this holiday season.  A portion of proceeds from Legal Sea Foods gift card sales will benefit Boston Children's Hospital., Marc D'Amico reports from Auburn Hills, where the Celtics fell for the first time in a back-to-back on the road this season., Wednesday night's matchup between the Celtics and Pistons was decided in the fourth quarter. To sum it all up: Detroit made shots, and Boston didn't. Here's the full story: http://on.nba.com/1IapnIR, Marc D'Amico catches up with Jonas Jerebko for the Putnam Investments Pregame Interview to discuss his emotions returning to the Palace this season and what challenges the Pistons front court presents., In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Marc D'Amico discusses how the C's have limited elite big men so far this season, something they'll have to continue as they face double-double machine Andre Drummond. Also, keep an eye on Boston's bench, they could be the difference in the game tonight., Boston has excelled in the second night of back-to-backs this season. How does that factor into tonight's matchup with Detroit? The answer, plus more, is here: http://on.nba.com/1P7hAet, The Celtics know the Cavs are a tough team to contend with
in the East, they look at this game as a learning experience., After falling to the Cavs 89-77, the Celtics address what happened down the stretch., The C's offense struggled against the Cavaliers'  historic size Tuesday night. Here's how they can combat it next time they face: http://on.nba.com/1Uxx65c, Avery Bradley chipped in 17 points and 3 steals for his Celtics, but it was Kevin Love's all-around performance that propelled Cleveland past Boston on Tuesday night: http://on.nba.com/1OvrK5D, Two of Avery Bradley's eight points so far tonight. Comment on this post with Avery's first & last name & #NBAVOTE to send him to the All Star Game., The Celtics are set to take on Cleveland for the first time since last season's first-round playoff sweep. Kelly Olynyk says why a win tonight would be extra sweet: http://on.nba.com/1ZaTzI0, Tempers flared the last time the Cleveland Cavaliers were in TD Garden. They expect another physical battle tonight vs. the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1P5tMfI, The Cleveland Cavaliers are almost whole again, but the Celtics have made their own improvements since these teams' playoff series in April: on.nba.com/1QJRoIs, After falling to the Cleveland Cavaliers in game 4 of the first round of the playoffs last season and hurting his knee in the process, Jae Crowder hopes to take care of some unfinished business on the court., Guarding LeBron James is a daunting task, but Jae Crowder and the Celtics say it's certainly one they don't back down from: http://on.nba.com/1OsrODi, In the midst of a challenging stretch of both home and away games, the Celtics continue to show excellent mental toughness., Marc D'Amico explains how to vote your favorite Celtics players into the 2016 NBA All-Star Game in Toronto., In our latest installment of Chalk Talk, Jonas Jerebko walks you through his versatile defensive abilities, which have turned him into one of Brad Stevens' favorite "small ball" weapons off the bench., The second nights of back-to-back games are Boston's bread and butter. Check out this incredible streak the Celtics kept alive with its win in Charlotte Saturday night: http://on.nba.com/1Yct8iR, After an emotional loss to the Warriors, the Celtics come out and defeat the Hornets 98-93 in their second night of a back-to-back., Isaiah Thomas gave Boston a much-needed offensive boost during the second half of Saturday's win in Charlotte, and set a career high in the process: http://on.nba.com/1RL1qK5, Celtics Forward Evan Turner sits down with Amanda to discuss what the C's need to do to bounce back against Charlotte on the second night of a back-to-back after a tough loss., Brad Stevens says tonight's game in Charlotte will be a "great test" coming off a 2OT loss to Golden State last night. Here's why the coach has such faith in his team on the second night of a back-to-back: http://on.nba.com/1NNl1HV, As the saying goes, "there's no rest for the weary." That maxim will hold true tonight when the Celtics clash with the Hornets less than 24 hours after a double-overtime slugfest at the Garden: http://on.nba.com/1UhDqhb, Post a selfie with your Celtics gear on to enter the Massachusetts State Lottery  #CelticsSelfie Sweepstakes! www.Celtics.com/CelticsSelfie, In double overtime, the Celtics almost take down the undefeated Golden State Warriors., It took two overtime sessions, but the Warriors got the better of the Celtics on Friday. Without Kelly Olynyk, however, it wouldn't have been as close: on.nba.com/1RfBwz5, Avery Bradley has 15 points in the first seven minutes of tonight's game, outscoring the Warriors all by himself! Post with his name and #NBAVote to send him to the All-Star game!, Golden State was forced to make a major lineup change before tonight's game, but Boston will still have to keep its foot on the pedal if it hopes to hand the Warriors their first loss: http://on.nba.com/1J15Lla, Stephen Curry knows it won't be easy leaving Boston 24-0 tonight. Here are some challenges he expects the C's to present against his Golden State Warriors: http://on.nba.com/1UegtLX, Although the Warriors are the top team in the NBA right now, the Celtics feel they have learned from their mistakes last year and are ready for their chance to play Golden State., Send your favorite C’s player to the All-Star Game.  Post a status with #NBAVOTE & your player’s first & last name to cast your ballot. One player per post, up to 10 posts per day. Celtics.com/VOTE, David Lee is confident that the Celtics will deliver the Golden State Warriors their first loss since he won a title with Golden State in June: on.nba.com/1jRtnlG, The undefeated Golden State Warriors come to TD Garden on Friday night and the Celtics know the challenges they face., Will the Celtics change their lineup to match up better with the Warriors Friday night? Absolutely not, and here's why: on.nba.com/1Z244gE, After knocking off the Bulls 105-100 at TD Garden, Jared Sullinger knows how much motivation the home crowd adds to their play., Last night the Boston Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S. were proud to present the YMCA of Greater Boston a $95,000 Donation to the Diabetes Prevention Program from funds raised during the #SunLifeDunkforDiabetes Campaign in November., Jared Sullinger grabbed 36 rebounds during the last two games combined. What’s his secret? The good genes his mom gave him, he says: http://on.nba.com/1NO1Ole, Boston returned from a long road trip, but didn't show much lag, defeating the Bulls 105-100 at TD Garden., The Celtics took down the Bulls Wednesday night at TD Garden with eight players scoring double figures., Eight of Boston's players scored in double figures in a 105-100 win over Chicago on Wednesday, but only one could be named the DraftKings Key Player. And the winner is...

http://on.nba.com/1IWg3mP, The excitement is already through the roof with undefeated Golden State in town. Brad Stevens, however, is ignoring that hype for now. He explains why the Celtics can't look past their matchup vs. the Bulls tonight: http://on.nba.com/1lQkoTa, The Chicago Bulls praised Boston's toughness at their shootaround this morning. They know they'll have to match it if they hope to leave TD Garden with a W: http://on.nba.com/1IVDw7v, After a lengthy road trip, the Celtics are glad to be back home, although challenging competition lies ahead of them., Two very different backcourts will face off tonight at the Garden. Here's what to watch for when the Celtics and the Chicago Bulls tip off: on.nba.com/1NbRXs5, Celebrate the holidays at TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/21JvSbS, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is excited to team up with the Boston Celtics for SCORE with Go Math Academy! Enter to win an assembly for your school! Celtics.com/GoMathAcademy #CelticsGoMath, Against the Kings, four Celtics players scored at least 20 points and the last time this happened was in 2008., The Celtics concluded their five-game road trip on a high note defeating the Pelicans 111-93., Isaiah Thomas went and did it again Monday night. And by "it," we mean went crazy during the first half to lead the Celtics to a win: on.nba.com/1QsE378, When Boston needed an offensive boost during the second quarter, two Celtics  put the squad on their backs and ignited the team to a victory: http://on.nba.com/1OQPnZ3, Amanda Pflugrad and Jared Sullinger discuss how the team closed against the Spurs and their five game road stretch coming to an end., With R.J. Hunter out and Avery Bradley battling an illness, Celtics fans may finally get a look at James Young tonight in New Orleans. MORE: on.nba.com/1QbtzKY, In today's Travel Report Marc D'Amicio and Amanda Pflugrad discuss how the C's will look to contain Anthony Davis and how they will look to win the battle of the boards., Happy Birthday, Larry Bird! Celebrate Larry Legend with legendary savings. Enter the code BIRD20 to save 20% Storewide! Offer ends Tuesday 12/8 at midnight PT. http://goo.gl/QmVIxG, With the Celtics closing out on their five game road stretch in New Orleans Monday night, each game is approached one at a time., Check out the Boston Celtics Stat of the Month presented by DraftKings. Play 1-Day Fantasy Basketball for huge cash prizes at DraftKings.com, the Official 1-Day Fantasy Sports Partner of the Boston Celtics. http://bit.ly/1lXZP7R, Happy Birthday to an NBA legend and Hall of Famer, the one and only Larry Bird!, You've seen him rebound. You've seen him score. Now get to know why Amir Johnson is so important to the Celtics as a person: http://on.nba.com/1TPUGdd, With Celtics facing the Pelicans in their final stop of a five game road stretch, they know what to expect from Anthony Davis., The Celtics lost a close one to the Spurs on Saturday night falling 108-105 in San Antonio., "Offense wasn't the issue," Brad Stevens said after Saturday's loss in San Antonio. So what was the issue? The answer is here: on.nba.com/1QnYZw8, The Celtics nearly pulled off their most impressive comeback of the season, but the San Antonio Spurs hung on for their 20th consecutive home win. Check out the exciting finish here: http://on.nba.com/21Gbb0w, Amanda Pflugrad catches up with Kelly Olynyk just before tip-off in San Antonio in the Putnam Pregame Interview. Olynyk discusses the team's recent shooting, how being a stretch big works to his advantage, and more., Two skilled frontcourts will face off tonight in San Antonio, but they take very different offensive approaches to the game, writes Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1XRHeWy, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, the Celtics know they have to show up on offense against a tough Spurs team tonight in San Antonio., Many things have changed for the Celtics since they fell to the San Antonio Spurs on Nov 1. Those changes may get them a win tonight in San Antonio: on.nba.com/1TLMbzG, Boston, the highest-scoring offense in the East, will face the league's top defense tonight. Here's what to watch for when the C's take on the San Antonio Spurs at 8:30 p.m.: http://on.nba.com/1HN7UGb, Kelly Olynyk enjoys playing on foreign soil and his performance in Mexico City proved that. The big man finished with a pair of four rebounds and assists., The Celtics take home the W over the Kings 114-97 at the NBA Global Games in Mexico City., One perk of playing in Mexico City was that the Celtics got to take on the Sacramento Kings' defense. And boy, did they capitalize on the opportunity: on.nba.com/1le8KBX, Rajon Rondo and Isaiah Thomas faced off against their former teams – and each other – Thursday night. One of them was lights out from the floor, while the other delivered a forgettable performance: http://on.nba.com/1NKUuge, Tyler Zeller talks with Amanda Pflugrad before the NBA Global Games in Mexico City. He talks about adjusting to the altitude and how he will try to repeat his previous performance against DeMarcus Cousins and the Sacramento Kings., Who's the most popular Celtic in Mexico City? The answer may surprise you, and he says the altitude here's "no joke" on.nba.com/1jCeCDp, The Celtics will look to limit Rajon Rondo in tonight's game at Mexico City arena in a NBA Global Games regular season showdown., The Celtics are set to take on Rajon Rondo tonight for the second time. They're worried about containing more than just his passing: on.nba.com/1QX5ffR, Holiday Dollar Days specials are available on Celtics.com/Shop now! Get great gear for $20, $15, $10...even $5! Ends Sunday 12/6 at 11:59pm PT. http://goo.gl/0Tid6A, The Boston Celtics are excited to play in Mexico City for the NBA Global Games., Ready for Round 2 of Rajon Rondo? Here's what to watch for when the Celtics and Sacramento Kings face off in Mexico City tonight: http://on.nba.com/1HIw58P, The Boston Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S.'s #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign reached 28 Dunks in November raising $28,000 for the YMCA of Greater Boston Diabetes Prevention Program!, The Celtics remember the legacy of Jim "Loscy" Loscutoff.  He was a great enforcer during Boston's glory days and is the only player to have his name retired in the Garden's rafters., Sun Life Financial U.S. President Dan Fishbein joins Amanda on American Express Home Court Advantage to discuss the organizations #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes initiative., After playing 20 season with the Lakers, Kobe Bryant is hanging up his shoes. Coach Stevens weighs in on the 5-time NBA Champion., In their second game of a five game road stretch the C's get back in the win column against the Heat., Avery Bradley hit the shots, and Avery Bradley got the stops. He pushed the Celtics into the winner's circle. MORE: on.nba.com/1NEXISt, The top defensive team in the East was no problem for Boston Monday night. Here's how Avery Bradley and the Celtics out-dueled D-Wade and the Heat for a convincing win: http://on.nba.com/1PXfYXt, How will the Celtics score over Hassan Whiteside? Brad Stevens, while answering, shook his head and said this: on.nba.com/1NEwQlB, With Marcus Smart out, Terry Rozier is getting more minutes and wants to make the most of them., In their second night of back-to-backs the C's look to get it going against the Miami Heat. Listen to what Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad have to say in today's Amtrak Travel Report., The top two defensively rated players in the league will face off tonight when the Celtics take on the Miami Heat. You may be surprised when you find out who those two players are: http://on.nba.com/1Ik7rv3, It's #CyberMonday on Celtics.com/Shop. Save 30% Storewide plus get Free Shipping on orders over $50! Take care of all of your holiday shopping needs now. Enter the code CM30 to save. http://goo.gl/wftVEA, With the C's tough schedule ahead, Coach Stevens emphasizes looking at each game as it comes., In their first game of a back-to-back in Florida the C's fall 110-91 against the Magic., The Celtics were on fire Friday; then tonight in Orlando they were cold. Boston is trying to fend off this inconsistency and discover a rhythm: http://on.nba.com/1NCTvi5, Boston's bench has stymied opponents this season, but Sunday night it was Orlando's subs that out-hustled the C's for a win: http://on.nba.com/1Tfsq2D, Pregame, Jared Sullinger talks to Amanda Pflugrad about how his comfort level increasing on the court., Getting caught up in Jonas Jerebko's shooting struggles? Brad Stevens advises that you should look past them: on.nba.com/1l0P4kI, In their first game of a five game road test the C's will face the Orlando Magic., If these numbers hold up, tonight's Celtics game in Orlando has all the makings of a shoot-out: http://on.nba.com/1LGMJ3w, Rep your Boston Celtics pride this season with an exclusive holiday special from JBL! http://bit.ly/1lhUTKd, The Boston Celtics are proud to show our love for small businesses and the community we call home. No ticket required to #ShopSmall today!, The Celtics finished with a blowout win over Washington Friday night. They will look to take that momentum into their next five road games., Jared Sullinger tallied 15 rebounds in less than 24 minutes during Friday night's win over Washington. Here's why he has been so efficient on the glass lately: http://on.nba.com/1NTNIPo, The Celtics jumped on the Wizards early on Friday night and played the most complete 48 minutes this season, finishing with a 33 point win., The Celtics blew the Wizards out of the water on Friday night, but one member of the team stood above the rest. Find out who, and more, with the Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1Yz5pvg, It's about time for the Boston Celtics tip-off! Get the Go To Logo T-shirt for just $9.95 in a #GreenFriday special. http://goo.gl/Ct00RW

Offer can't be combined with other offers, valid for the rest of today only., Brad Stevens says he has faith in rookie Terry Rozier to step in and help while Marcus Smart remains sidelined with a leg injury. The young guard will have an opportunity to do so against the Washington Wizards tonight: http://on.nba.com/1PhcUW7, The Celtics will look to soak up the TD Garden atmosphere tonight against the Washington Wizards, before heading off on a five-game road trip. Here's what to watch for when they tip off at 7:30 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1SnQ2C7, It's #GreenFriday on Celtics.com/Shop! Save huge on your holiday shopping needs...get 25% off STOREWIDE plus Free Shipping on orders of $50 or more. Enter the code BF25 to save now! http://goo.gl/M09i4E, Rep your Boston Celtics pride for the holidays with a #BlackFriday special from JBL! http://bit.ly/1lhUTKd, The Celtics trailed most of the game, but found a way to win it with some big plays in the 4th quarter., Brad Stevens challenged the Celtics to form connectivity Wednesday night. They answered his wish & delivered a win against Philadelphia. Here's how: http://on.nba.com/1SlQII7, After dropping two road games, Boston understands the value of a win for overall team morale., Isaiah Thomas didn't let Tuesday night's outcome mess with his flow. The point guard bounced back in style as he propelled Boston to a come-from-behind victory against the 76ers on Wednesday: http://on.nba.com/1TfZSqu, The Celtics are coming off difficult back-to-back losses, but Brad Stevens is ready to move on. Here's what he says needs to improve tonight against the Philadelphia 76ers: http://on.nba.com/1Ho93no, It's a Black Friday Sneak Peek sale on Celtics.com/Shop, TODAY only. Use the code PEEK and receive 20% off all hoodies and jackets. Offer ends tonight at midnight., The Celtics' struggling defense welcomes the NBA's lowest-scoring offense tonight at TD Garden. Here's what to watch for when they tip off against the winless Philadelphia 76ers at 7:30 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1XfD6Vk, The Boston Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S.'s #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign has reached 25 Dunks since November 1st, bringing our fundraising total to $25,000 for the YMCA of Greater Boston Diabetes Prevention Program! Learn more at Celtics.com/SunLifeDunkForDiabetes, After attending college at Georgia State in Atlanta, rookie RJ Hunter returns home to familiar crowd., After back-to-back losses on the road, the Celtics need to regroup and find their way again., Boston's leadership, including a furious Brad Stevens, sounded off following Tuesday night's loss in Atlanta. Read the strong words Stevens, Avery Bradley, Isaiah Thomas and Jae Crowder used by clicking here: on.nba.com/1Sjfadk, Avery Bradley continued his tear Tuesday night, but Boston's defense faltered late and suffered a 24-point loss to the Atlanta Hawks: http://on.nba.com/1Ytc3mC, With an injured Marcus Smart, rookie R.J. Hunter has been getting more playing time and is making his minutes count., Dikembe Mutombo will have his No. 55 retired tonight in Atlanta. Brad Stevens, knowing the enormity of this night for the Hawks, recalls his trip to Africa with the Hall-of-Famer and Hakeem Olajuwon: on.nba.com/1Lycdjz, Without elite defender Marcus Smart tonight, the Celtics will have to figure out how to stop the Hawks on the perimeter., No Marcus Smart against a nightmarish Atlanta Hawks backcourt means Brad Stevens has a difficult decision to make tonight: http://on.nba.com/1HkJqDW, With Marcus Smart out of the lineup, the team knows they need to step up in different areas., Can the Celtics retighten their perimeter defense against Jeff Teague and the Atlanta Hawks tonight? Here's what to watch for when they tip off at 8 p.m. on NBA on TNT: http://on.nba.com/1QFZ27X, Use promo code BANNERS today only to save 20% on Celtics tickets for games this week.

http://on.nba.com/1NbwWiD, Avery Bradley's success from beyond the arc this season indicates that he is now among the elite shooters in the league, writes Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/1SXi0Vc, R.J. Hunter returns to where he went to college as the Celtics tip-off against the Hawks Tuesday night., Last month Isaiah Thomas and National Grid joined students from Calcutt Middle School to unveil the Celtics second STEM Lab Renovation as an award for their dedication to conserving energy. Watch here! #EnergyAssist, After falling to the Brooklyn Nets, the Celtics will regroup for their second test against the Atlanta Hawks., Marcus Smart is out for at least two weeks, and in their first game without him, the Celticss perimeter defense struggled on.nba.com/1T9hqVb, Brooklyn got its revenge in the second game of a home-and-home against the Celtics Sunday night, but Avery Bradley returned to the starting lineup and delivered a career performance: http://on.nba.com/1N2XgXR, With the absence of Marcus Smart, the Celtics will lean more on Evan Turner to continue to step up for this team., Marcus Smart is expected to miss two-plus weeks with a lower left leg injury. Marc D'Amico has the latest on the injury and what it means for the Celtics here: on.nba.com/1lD8A6Z, The Celtics look to continue their high-powered offense from Friday night as they take on the Nets at the Barclays Center tonight., #GreenRunsDeep at the Celtics.com/Shop Friends & Family Sale. Use code FF20 to receive 20% off storewide through tonight at 11:59pm PT. Save now: http://goo.gl/BxTJnB, The Celtics had their most impressive offensive outing of the season against the Nets Friday night. Can they carry that momentum over to Brooklyn's home court tonight? Here's what to watch for when they tip off at 6 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1lCfgCe, #GreenRunsDeep at the Celtics.com/Shop Friends & Family Sale. Use code FF20 to receive 20% off storewide. Save now: http://goo.gl/BxTJnB 

Offer ends 11/22 at 11:59pm PT., The Celtics hit nine straight shots to end the second quarter, and didn't let up after that, beating the Nets 120-95., In their first home-and-home series against the Brooklyn Nets the Celtics finish with a blow out win 120-95., The Celtics just posted the top shooting performance (58.6 percent) of any team in the NBA this season. Here's how they did it, explains Isaiah Thomas: http://on.nba.com/1SOwYNp, The Celtics were on fire to close the first half of their blowout win over the Brooklyn Nets, putting up numbers you have to see to believe. See them all right here: on.nba.com/1NI2vfY, Boston's frontcourt should have its hands full when it tips off against the Nets at 7:30 p.m. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1X3DCpp, The Brooklyn Nets arrive to Boston with a 2-10 record, but don't let those win/loss numbers fool you. Take a look at how they've matched up against some of the league's top teams recently: http://on.nba.com/1Xf3jOy, Isaiah Thomas and a group of students helped to provide 6,000 meals to families in need., Keep an eye on two big men when the Celtics and Brooklyn Nets clash tonight at TD Garden. One has been sizzling of late, and the other has struggled in this matchup: on.nba.com/1MZanJt, TJ Dillashaw joined Amanda on the AMEX Homecourt Advantage Show to discuss his upcoming defense of the Bantamweight title at UFC Fight Night at TD Garden., The C's regroup after the loss to the Mavericks and prepare for their next opponent in the Brooklyn Nets on Friday., Evan Turner spent an hour working on his shot following this afternoon's practice. He explains why he's often one of the last guys off the court after Celtics' practice sessions: http://on.nba.com/1MEQXuc, The @Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S.'s  #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign has reached 16 dunks since November 1st, bringing our fundraising total to $16,000 for the YMCA of Greater Boston Diabetes Prevention Program! Learn more at Celtics.com/SunLifeDunkForDiabetes., Celtics know that in order to close out with a lead they need to keep the momentum going throughout the fourth quarter., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, The Celtics got out to an early lead thanks to Avery Bradley's production off of the bench, but the Mavs pulled ahead in the 4th to close out Boston 106-102., Avery Bradley has been a spark plug off the Boston bench as of late, further proving the Celtics are interchangeable at the guard positions: http://on.nba.com/1YhL8dF, The Celtics jumped out to an early lead on the Mavericks, but couldn't sustain it down the stretch, falling 106-102., The Celtics never trailed Dallas tonight - at least until the 4:17 mark of the fourth quarter. After that, Jared Sullinger, Boston's top performer, couldn't bring his team back: on.nba.com/1PONMUY, Celtics On Demand on XFINITY is back for the season! 

Simply go to On Demand, scroll to Get Local, then select Celtics On Demand. Check out all new Boston Celtics content now., After some of mixing and matching through the first couple of weeks of the season, the Celtics have found a rhythm and are sticking with this starting five for now: http://on.nba.com/1X8RKbF, Dirk Nowitzki and the Dallas Mavericks had nothing but positive things to say about former teammate Jae Crowder before facing him and the Celtics tonight: http://on.nba.com/1QNkUxd, Marcus Smart's former high school basketball coach, Kenny Boren was in the crowd Monday night in Houston to watch Smart play., The Celtics are riding a wave of momentum into tonight's matchup with the Dallas Mavericks. Their guards may be able to keep it going, and here's why: on.nba.com/1MmxLn4, The Boston Celtics are proud to show our love for small businesses and the community we call home.  No ticket required to #ShopSmall on Saturday, November 28th., Mayor Marty Walsh, along with Bruins and Celtics fans alike, celebrate TD Garden's 20th anniversary., Five games in seven nights? Bring em on, say the Celtics. "This group is built for it," according to Jae Crowder, and it sure looked it during a blowout win in Houston: on.nba.com/1WX8dF6, The Celtics knock off the Rockets 111-95 in Houston and continue their emphasis on defense., Boston's active hands and a sparkling performance from Avery Bradley off the bench helped push the Celtics to their fifth win in six games. Read the Keys to the Game for a full breakdown: http://on.nba.com/1MyurD7, Avery Bradley will come off the bench again tonight in Houston., Can the Celtics keep the league's leading free throw shooter, James Harden, off the line tonight? They discuss here: http://on.nba.com/1HUyK9R, Marcus Smart had a career high of 26 points against the Thunder. Check out these highlights from last night in OKC., Boston's defense shut down Russell Westbrook last night in OKC. Can it do the same to James Harden tonight in Houston? Here's what to watch for when the Celtics take on the Rockets at 8 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1QHeU9k, Thank you to the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve our country! #HoopsForTroops, Smart finishes as the teams leading scorer with 26 points locking in a new career high in Oklahoma., Things got a little chippy in Oklahoma City. Maybe that was because Marcus Smart was the best point guard on the court, and his Celtics got the W: on.nba.com/1lqOGMr, Evan Turner helped spark a fourth-quarter Boston run and Marcus Smart had a career game Sunday night in Oklahoma City. Here's how it all went down: http://on.nba.com/1lqL3WH, Celtics guard Marcus Smart spoke with the media before tip-off about his excitement to be back in the starting five., Billy Donovan followed Brad Stevens in making the leap from college to the pros. Now, Stevens gives his take on the Oklahoma City Thunder's new head coach: on.nba.com/1Mw4wMh, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss the Celtics tipping-off against the Oklahoma City Thunder Sunday Night and how they will look to contain Russell Westbrook., Starting your holiday shopping early? Check out Celtics.com/Shop for a great offer...Buy More, Save More now!

Offer valid until 11:59 p.m. PT., The Celtics shot 66 percent during the second half on Friday against Atlanta. Can they continue that hot shooting against the Oklahoma City Thunder tonight? Here's what to watch for when the Celtics tip off in OKC at 7 p.m. http://on.nba.com/1YbZ48I, Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, The C's defeat the Hawks at home 106-93 and show glimpses of where this team can go., The Celtics shot 66% from the floor during the second half, which propelled them to beat a strong Atlanta Hawks team., The Celtics knocked off a top-tier Hawks team Friday night, thanks to these smashing numbers they notched on the offensive glass: http://on.nba.com/1kvAPnS, When Isaiah Thomas is scoring the ball, he can wreak havoc on opposing defenses.  But when he's dishing out assists, too?  He's double the trouble, and the Hawks found that out the hard way on Friday night: http://on.nba.com/1j05ms9, Brad Stevens will send out his fourth unique starting lineup in eight games when the Celtics take on the  Atlanta Hawks tonight. Here's who you'll see on the floor for the C's when they tip off at 7:30 p.m. 
http://on.nba.com/1LeyCSO, Three-time All-Star center Al Horford has added a new element to his game this season, which should keep the Celtics on their toes when they host his Atlanta Hawks tonight: http://on.nba.com/1LeelwA, After falling to the Pacers, Jared Sullinger knows the importance of being aggressive with the ball., Could Marcus Smart return to the starting lineup tonight? That question and more is discussed right here: on.nba.com/1PrE6kT, It's no question that Jared Sullinger is having a great start to the season, but statistically, his numbers are the best of his career., Marcus Thornton, who was selected 45th overall by the Celtics this summer, is currently tearing it up in Australia's NBL. Here's an update on the guard's early experiences with the Sydney Kings: http://on.nba.com/1NtwurS, After five games, Sun Life Financial U.S.'s  #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign has reached 6 Dunks since November 1, bringing our fundraising total to $6,000 for the YMCA of Greater Boston's Diabetes Prevention Program! Learn more at Celtics.com/SunLifeDunkForDiabetes, Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, You've heard the term for years from Boston's defensive bigs: "Ice, ice, ice!" Now Amir Johnson sits down with Marc D'Amico to explain exactly what it means., Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss the return of Marcus Smart and how Evan Turner's versatility is an asset to the team., In their second night of back-to-backs the C's aren't able to clinch the win against Pacers., Evan Turner's wide array of skills were on full display Wednesday night, as he stuffed the stat sheet yet again in a loss to Indiana: http://on.nba.com/1WT5EP8, With Avery Bradley sidelined tonight against the Indiana Pacers, here's who Brad Stevens is calling on to step into his starting role: http://on.nba.com/1lkP52N, Two-time NBA all-star Paul George makes his first return to TD Garden tonight, after suffering a gruesome leg injury prior to last season. The 25-year-old swingman detailed his miraculous return following the Indiana Pacers' shootaround this morning: http://on.nba.com/20MRJib, ICYMI, the Celtics won again Tuesday night, thanks in large part to Evan Turner and Kelly Olynyk. How great has that duo been this season? You need to see these numbers to believe them: on.nba.com/1MVVFsQ, Evan Turner's grandmother celebrates her 79th birthday by watching her grandson play in Milwaukee., For tonight's postgame report, presented by Putnam Investments, the Celtics took home a win against the Bucks after their second road trip of the season., The Celtics won again Tuesday night, thanks in large part to Evan Turner and Kelly Olynyk. How great has that duo been this season? You need to see these numbers to believe them: on.nba.com/1MVVFsQ, The Celtics faced an early 18-6 deficit against Milwaukee Tuesday night, but this substitution midway through the first quarter got them back on track, en route to a convincing win: http://on.nba.com/1kohogT, For tonight's pregame interview presented by Putnam Investments, Jared Sullinger talks about playing his game and not worrying about the Bucks' length., Both the Bucks and the Celtics are without their starting point guards for tonight's game in Milwaukee., The Celtics will face off with the Milwaukee Bucks' Jabari Parker tonight for the very first time. Brad Stevens give his take on the former No. 2 overall pick: on.nba.com/1MJMipS, Celtics rely on their defense and versatility to continue momentum., We're heading to Milwaukee to take on the Bucks. While we play, we're also helping raise funds and awareness for the International Myeloma Foundation with the 3 Points for Patients initiative! www.celtics.com/takedaoncology

Thank you to Takeda Oncology for your ongoing support and spreading awareness about this rare cancer!, HMH is excited to team up with Boston Celtics for SCORE with Go Math Academy! Enter to win an assembly for your school! Celtics.com/GoMathAcademy #CelticsGoMath, Tonight's tilt against the Bucks will be a homecoming of sorts for two Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1M4jWJI, The Milwaukee Bucks have defeated four Atlantic Division opponents over the last eight days. Here's what to watch for as the Celtics look to avoid that list tonight in Milwaukee: http://on.nba.com/1SfYMdh, Brad Stevens and the C's explain why the Milwaukee Bucks' versatile defense could pose a challenge Tuesday night: http://on.nba.com/1NnOOTs, Celtics know length is an advantage for the Bucks team they face Tuesday Night., Isaiah Thomas talks about his desire to play and help make a large impact for this Celtics team., Here's the update on Marcus Smart and Jae Crowder, as well as Boston's backup plan if they can't play Tuesday night: on.nba.com/1kj69Gd, With a win under their belt the C's prepare for their second road test of the season against the Milwaukee Bucks., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, Jared Sullinger talks with Amanda Pflugrad about his fondness of playing at home and the new starting lineup., Avery Bradley is scoring off the dribble at a career-high rate. But how is he getting those shots off? Marc D'Amico explains here: on.nba.com/1Pt716v, Eliza Dushku sits down with Amanda Pflugrad during the American Express Home Court Advantage show before Friday night's game against the Washington Wizards., Celtics look at win over Wizards as a great way to get the momentum going., The Celtics rebounded after a tough loss at Indiana on Wednesday night with a well-rounded win over the Wizards at TD Garden Friday night., Jared Sullinger pulled every trick out of his bag Friday night, including one play that you'll be seeing all year: http://on.nba.com/1NyAKe6, After just 88 seconds of play on Friday night, the Celtics fell behind the Wizards 6-2. A frustrated Brad Stevens called a timeout to deliver a message to his team, and based on what followed, that message must have been crystal clear: http://on.nba.com/1MOkMhp, The Celtics will miss Marcus Smart tonight, but Brad Stevens says this could be an opportunity for some other players to step up against Washington's explosive backcourt: http://on.nba.com/1HydFlB, Jared Sullinger and Celtics fan Eliza Dushku join us live tonight on American Express Home Court Advantage at 6:30 pm on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app!, Paul Pierce may no longer be in a Wizards uniform, but his impact is still being felt in D.C. Bradley Beal explained today the influence The Truth had upon him and his teammates, and why that's resulted in high confidence entering this season: http://on.nba.com/1MguinT, Avery Bradley's off-the-dribble game has grown exponentially this season. Enter the film room with Marc D'Amico as he breaks it all down for you: on.nba.com/1Pt716v, After some rest and treatment, guard Marcus Smart is still uncertain if he will play tonight against the Washington Wizards., The Celtics have a hefty task in front of them tonight in the Washington Wizards. Jared Sullinger may be a key to Boston grabbing a win: on.nba.com/1GOL5Br, The Celtics studied up in the film room today and addressed their recent early-game woes. Here's what they say they need to work on and why there should not be much concern moving forward: http://on.nba.com/1NSCeyd, After dropping three straight game the Celtics regroup and focus in on their first half production., After two games, Sun Life Financial U.S. #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign has reached 2 Dunks since November 1, bringing our fundraising total to $2,000 for the YMCA of Greater Boston’s Diabetes Prevention Program! Learn more at Celtics.com/SunLifeDunkForDiabetes, It was a big night for R.J. Hunter against the Pacers.  Not only did he see his first NBA minutes, but he had a home crowd cheering for him., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, The Celtics were just shy of a win Wednesday night after a new starting lineup was called upon., Brad Stevens went with three new starters Wednesday night. They started out slowly, but eventually found a rhythm: on.nba.com/20vCLNq, Boston's offense came alive during the second half of Wednesday night's game in Indiana, and Avery Bradley and Isaiah Thomas helped the C's take it down to the wire:  http://on.nba.com/1PnYT7a, R.J. Hunter talks about his high school playing days in Indiana and his readiness going into tonight's game., Brad Stevens has revamped his starting lineup for tonight's game against the Indiana Pacers. He tells you why in our DraftKings Post Ups Notebook: on.nba.com/1MALBz9, The Celtics play in Indiana tonight as they take on a very different Pacers team than last season., Celtics need a quick start against the Pacers tonight on the road., A touch of fate helped Brad Stevens visit one of his former Butler Bulldogs players in Indy just days ahead of a bone-marrow transplant: on.nba.com/1NQ491Q, No teams in the NBA have been stealing the ball at a higher rate than the Boston Celtics and Indiana Pacers. That and more is why both offenses will have to be on guard when they face off tonight in Indiana: http://on.nba.com/1H8681N, The Celtics partnered with New England Baptist Hospital to host their annual Shamrock Gala in late October. Check out the best photos from the event here: http://on.nba.com/1Q4k93t, Jared Sullinger's diligent offseason efforts appear to be paying off so far, as Brad Stevens says his defense has never looked better: http://on.nba.com/1H42Ix6, The team travels to Indiana to tip-off against the Pacers Wednesday night., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, In today's Celtics Minute we take a closer look at some of highlights from Sunday's matchup., Brian Scalabrine says the Celtics can "create noise in the Eastern Conference this season." Take a look at his full forecast here:
http://on.nba.com/1MtmjmD, The Celtics fell to the Spurs Sunday afternoon, but Avery Bradley and his teammates took some positives from the game. Listen to Bradley's take in today's Celtics Minute., Today the Boston Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S. announced the second annual #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign! Check out Celtics.com/SunLifeDunkForDiabetes to learn more and follow the Celtics on Twitter to track our fundraising progress for the YMCA of Greater Boston‘s Diabetes prevention Program!, With more repetition as the season progresses, the Celtics will continue to take many looks from beyond the arc., Despite a slow start in the first half, the Celtics regained momentum in the fourth, but couldn't close out with the win., The Celtics had some shooting difficulties Sunday afternoon, but a stellar defensive effort allowed them to hang around with the Spurs till the end: http://on.nba.com/1MB4aJU, The Celtics couldn't take the lid off of the basket and a Spurs newcomer was too much to handle on Sunday afternoon: http://on.nba.com/1kl17Zt, Boston's bigs will have their hands full as they take on the San Anotonio's new frontcourt duo of Tim Duncan & LaMarcus Aldridge http://on.nba.com/1RHGgKx, The San Antonio Spurs have reloaded their star-studded cast and should be quite a test for the Celtics this afternoon: http://on.nba.com/1kkhmGb, The Celtics were not able to hold off the Raptors in the second half, falling 113-103., Celtics guard Isaiah Thomas led the Celtics with 25 points, but it wasn't enough to overcome a big 3rd quarter from the Raptors, as they took home the W with a 113-103 win at TD Garden., Friday's loss to Toronto was an early wake-up call for the Celtics, and they know exactly what it is they need to change: http://on.nba.com/20hvoci, Isaiah Thomas tried to put Boston on his back Friday night, but his strong effort wasn't enough for a W. Read more: http://on.nba.com/1khylsF, The Celtics will not have morning shootarounds on home game days this season. Brad Stevens explained why prior to tonight's tip-off: http://on.nba.com/1NGHQLY, The Celtics will wear their Parquet Pride uniforms tonight to commemorate the legendary Red Auerbach's debut with the Celtics. Check out the Parquet Pride Collection on Celtics.com/Shop to own your piece of Celtics history. http://goo.gl/Xo8rn5, Amir Johnson made a lasting impression during his six seasons with the Toronto Raptors. Tonight he will face off against his former squad for the first time, and ex-teammates DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry confirmed just how lucky the Celtics are to have him this season: http://on.nba.com/1Nefday, Amir Johnson talks about his expectations on what will happen tonight against the Raptors at TD Garden., The Celtics and Toronto Raptors are each 1-0, and they logged their wins with very different offensive philosophies: on.nba.com/1HgVzEi, Residents of the Mission Hill community muscled up last night at the Sr. Celtics Halloween workout presented by New England Baptist Hospital. #CelticsAssist #NBAFIT, Celtics get back to work in Waltham before Friday night's game against Raptors., We are proud to announce our partnership with Takeda Oncology on the 3 Points for Patients initiative. For each three-pointer we score during the regular season, Takeda Oncology will donate to the International Myeloma Foundation.

We are honored to be part of this effort to raise funds and awareness for multiple myeloma!, Jared Sullinger continues to work on his conditioning to try and help make an impact with this team., Ever gone swag shopping with Jae Crowder? No? Change that by joining him in one of the world's fashion capitals - Milan, Italy., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeromexico!  AeroMexico, Mexico’s global airline, is serving its new NON-STOP route between Boston and Mexico City. www.celtics.com/aeromexico, The Celtics top the 76ers 112-95 in front of their home crowd in the season opener at TD Garden., Jahlil Okafor was a handful early on during Boston's season opener, but things smoothed out once the C's started double-teaming the Philadelphia 76ers rookie big: http://on.nba.com/1MjWfds, The Celtics fell behind early, but they took the lead in the 2nd quarter and never looked back. Marc and Amanda discuss what got them going in the right direction to start the season., On Opening Night, Brad Stevens was searching for a lineup to get his Celtics out of an early-game funk. Boy, did he find one: http://on.nba.com/1N9KzPE, Brad Stevens talks about his starting lineup for the first game of the regular season., Brad Stevens has revealed his starting five to open up the season against the Philadelphia 76ers. Take a look at who he is going with and why he is comfortable with this particular group: http://on.nba.com/1jSqkdY, Join us live on American Express Home Court Advantage live now on Celtics.com or the Boston Celtics mobile app! Download the app here: http://www.celtics.com/app, If you think Boston has a young team, take a look at the youth the 76ers will put on the floor in tonight's season opener: http://on.nba.com/1S9Jw29, The Celtics kick off the 2015-16 season with three straight home games. David Lee discusses how important it is to protect your home court if you want to be a playoff team., A brand-new starting five and a brand-new parquet floor will debut tonight, as we open our season against the Philadelphia 76ers: on.nba.com/1ihHDTZ, The Celtics are exactly where we all hoped they'd be ahead of Opening Night: They're bonded together and ready to roll. on.nba.com/1MRlep1, Boston's starting lineup was in need of an offensive jolt at times last season. David Lee explains why he believes he can fill that void: http://on.nba.com/1LWoMGD, New season, new gear. Wear what the players wear. Check out the new On Court Collection from adidas. http://goo.gl/WSQRwB, The Celtics tip-off against the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at TD Garden and are looking forward to showcasing their talents on the court., The Celtics' depth provides the team with this unique form of flexibility that not many other NBA squads possess: http://on.nba.com/1H57nJX, After closing out the preseason 6-1 and C’s have areas to improve in for Opening Night., Congratulations to Evan Turner for being named the 2015 Community Champion Award winner! #CelticsAssist, Opening Night is just two days away. Find out how you can celebrate with #GreenRunsDeep all week: http://on.nba.com/1Nwjep2, There sure was a lot to like during our 6-1 preseason. Marc D'Amico narrowed it all down to five key takeaways: on.nba.com/1N2JetM, Enter for your chance to win tickets to the 
Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeroméxico! www.celtics.com/aeromexico, Danny Ainge issued the following statement on the passing of Flip Saunders: on.nba.com/1WcOify, The Celtics finish 6-1 in the preseason and will take that momentum into Opening Night., Avery Bradley exited Thursday's game with an injury. Did he take Friday off? No way. That's not what leaders do: on.nba.com/1GxiaSe, How great was the defense and rebounding during tonight's win over Philly? This should tell you: on.nba.com/1LMi3Py, Guard Marcus Smart talks with Amanda about his 9 assist game and about potentially starting this season., Prior to Boston's final preseason game against the Philadelphia 76ers, Brad Stevens uttered two words that every Celtics fan has been hoping to hear: http://on.nba.com/1i1JOv1, Don't miss your chance to win a VIP Opening Night experience from Mohegan Sun. Contest ends today so you must enter now. See official rules and details to find out how you can win. http://on.nba.com/1QWLodq, Does #GreenRunDeep in your veins? Show it by adding our official Celtics frame to your Facebook pics., The preseason ends tonight in Manchester, N.H., as the Celtics will host the Philadelphia 76ers. Wondering what to watch out for?  We have your answers here: on.nba.com/1PLpHij, After topping the Knicks at TD Garden, the C's look to continue momentum in NH against 76ers., After handing the Celtics their only loss of the preseason, the C’s defeat the Knicks 99-85 at TD Garden., Tyler Zeller showcased a wide variety of skills Thursday night, and made his case to remain as Boston's starting center http://on.nba.com/1W8reUH, Brad Stevens needed a closer on Thursday night, and he called on a familiar face to fill the role: http://on.nba.com/1NqBKPK, Brad Stevens gave an update on Isaiah Thomas' injury status, and revealed one other Celtics sharpshooter will not play tonight against the New York Knicks: http://on.nba.com/1MHeLgi, The Celtics and New York Knicks tip off at 7:30 tonight at TD Garden. NY coach Derek Fisher spoke this morning about the Knicks' bolstered frontcourt that will be on display: http://on.nba.com/1Mc25ns, Don’t miss your chance to win a pair of Celtics Season tickets or a VIP experience from Mohegan Sun or the Celtics. Contest ends Friday 10/23. See official rules & details & enter for your chance to win.
http://on.nba.com/1WP9n1S, Two 4-1 teams will go at it tonight at the Garden. Here's what to watch out for as the Celtics host Carmelo Anthony and the New York Knicks: on.nba.com/1NpPGti, Enter for your chance to win tickets to the 
Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeroméxico! www.celtics.com/aeromexico, The Celtics partnered with New England Baptist Hospital to host their annual Shamrock Gala last night. Take a behind the scenes look at the event., On Wednesday, the Celtics utilized their only practice session of the week to work on their 'ice' defense. Here's why the scheme is beneficial http://on.nba.com/1hUPjeR, The Celtics held one of their longest practices of the season before they tip-off against the Knicks Thursday night at TD Garden., REPORT: Brad Stevens will say 'yes' if USA Basketball offers him its head coaching position, per Marc D'Amico - on.nba.com/1MEMyH2, Happy Back to the Future Day! October 1985 was the beginning of a memorable season for Boston., The cool temps in Boston have us ready to take on the fall and winter months in Boston Celtics style. Check out all new jackets and outerwear on the official store now! http://goo.gl/nEQ1me, Eight days until Opening Night. Don’t miss it.
http://on.nba.com/1OQ52sG, Amanda takes you off the court, and to Europe, with the latest edition of Benrus #SocialCeltics., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeroméxico! www.celtics.com/aeromexico, In their first preseason game at TD Garden, the Celtics topped the Nets to improve to 4-1., The Celtics beat the Nets in their first preseason game at TD Garden, and it was primarily the rookies that sparked the C's to victory., Jared Sullinger the point guard? Marc D'Amico writes that the big man passed like one Monday night against Brooklyn: on.nba.com/1jR4ln9, The Celtics staved off Brooklyn's fourth quarter comeback attempt Monday night, thanks to an energetic, lights-out performance from rookie Terry Rozier: http://on.nba.com/1MQGbVm, Boston's injury and illness woes continue. Here's a look at who will sit out during Monday night's game against the Nets: http://on.nba.com/1RkXJrS, Amir Johnson and Isaiah Thomas explain how their respective playing styles can turn them into a lethal combination for the Celtics this season: http://on.nba.com/1khlN4M, Celtics tipoff against the Nets on Monday and both Marcus Smart and Terry Rozier will look to get plenty of minutes., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeroméxico! http://www.celtics.com/aeromexico, Brad Stevens has been watching R.J. Hunter play basketball for nearly a decade. Here's how the C's coach has seen him progress over the years: http://on.nba.com/1LAI6wD, After losing their first preseason game, the Celtics get back to work in Waltham., Despite loss, James Young shines in 4th quarter., The Celtics had some solid chances during the closing minutes of Friday night's game, but New York came through with the big shots in the end: http://on.nba.com/1hJM8GT, Amanda Pflugrad interviews Isaiah Thomas before tonight's game against the Knicks at Madison Square Garden., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeroméxico! www.celtics.com/aeromexico, Here's a look at how Brad Stevens plans to distribute minutes among the Celtics' players Friday night when they take on the Knicks: on.nba.com/1NMYrjT, The C's are currently undefeated in preseason play and look to continue that streak in tonight's game at Madison Square Garden., Get your head in the game with new season headwear on the Boston Celtics official store, Celtics.com/Shop. http://goo.gl/DIwnY8, Throwing it back to October 11, 2014 – last year’s preseason, when the Celtics were hosted by our friends at Mohegan Sun for a game against the Knicks!, The Celtics defeated the Nets 109-105 and Amir Johnson had a standout performance in first start., The Celtics faced a multitude of tests Wednesday night in Brooklyn, and they aced their way to an impressive win: on.nba.com/1ZEEqzN, The Celtics won their third straight preseason game Wednesday night in Brooklyn, thanks to a surprise offensive performance from one of their newcomers: http://on.nba.com/1jBk8X8, R.J. Hunter prepares for his first preseason game against NBA competition., Brad Stevens explains why Amir Johnson is starting tonight in Brooklyn, and how large of a role he'll play for the Celtics this season, per Marc D'Amico: on.nba.com/1LOVWgQ, Avery Bradley has some sound advice to offer Boston's rookies as they embark on their first true NBA experience: http://on.nba.com/1MAVcL6, The team tips off against the Brooklyn Nets knowing they face high caliber competition., The Celtics look for their third win in preseason play as they face Brooklyn tonight., As Marc D'Amico reports, Isaiah Thomas is likely to receive his first start with the Celtics Wednesday night in Brooklyn: on.nba.com/1K7rUNY, As the Celtics prepare to play two games on the road, they lean on both their versatility and teammates., Enter for your chance to win tickets to the Boston Celtics Mexico City game, including round-trip flight and hotel accommodations, all courtesy of Aeroméxico! www.celtics.com/aeromexico, Isaiah Thomas, in partnership with the Make-A-Wish Foundation, gave a young Celtics fan battling health issues a day he'll never forget., Just over two weeks until Opening Night. Marcus Smart is ready. Are you? Celtics.com/AreYouReady, Terry Rozier explains how his recent knee injury has impacted his mentality, and provides an expected return date: http://on.nba.com/1PaYXIM, Celtics look back at film from Europe games as they continue with preseason play this week in New York., The Celtics focused on conditioning Sunday afternoon and David Lee explained how being in tip-top shape can benefit their pace and space style of play: http://on.nba.com/1QjEDCd, After going 2-0 while overseas, the Celtics regroup for practice and their upcoming two-game road trip., Avery Bradley says he worked immensely on his 3-point shot during the offseason. Last night in Madrid he proved for the second straight game that his hard work is paying off: http://on.nba.com/1htmlmb, The Celtics top Real Madrid 111-96 and believe in the importance of the next man up mentality., "Pace and space" with the Celtics is typically associated with 3-pointers. Not anymore. Now it's leading to points in the paint, writes Marc D'Amico http://on.nba.com/1P1yI7y, It's gametime in Spain as the Boston Celtics take on Real Madrid Baloncesto - stream the game via Comcast SportsNet New England live with this link now: bit.ly/streamcelts, The Boston Celtics are back in preseason action as they take on Real Madrid Baloncesto and you can catch the action on Comcast SportsNet New England. Coverage starts at 2:30pm EST, and you can stream the game here: http://bit.ly/streamcelts, You could win a pair of Celtics Season tickets or a VIP experience from Mohegan Sun or the Celtics. See official rules & details & enter for your chance to win.
http://on.nba.com/1WP9n1S, During shoot around Coach Stevens and players weigh in on their opponent tonight and building off their last win., As Marc D'Amico reports, the team is dealing with a myriad of personnel issues heading into tonight's game in Madrid on.nba.com/1N1mJDF, Before traveling overseas, some members of the Celtics hit the links at the Old Sandwich Golf Club in Plymouth, Mass. to raise funds for the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation., Robbie Hummel and his Milano teammates compared the Celtics to the Spurs tonight. As Marc D'Amico writes, they did so with good reason: on.nba.com/1jc7Ogs, Celtics top Emporio Armani Milano 124-91 and look to continue their momentum in Madrid, Spain., Isaiah Thomas and David Lee shined as the Celtics dominated their preseason opener in Milan: on.nba.com/1NkQpic, Stuck at the office? Stream the game at work... We won't tell your boss. Coverage of today's NBA preseason game from Milan starts at 2:00 pm on Comcast SportsNet New England. Tune in here: http://bit.ly/streamcelts, 22 Days until Opening Night. Be there with a VIP Experience from Mohegan Sun. See official rules and details to find out how you can win. http://on.nba.com/1QWLodq, The Boston Celtics face Olimpia Milano in Milan, Italy today at 2pm EST only on Comcast SportsNet New England! NBA action is back!, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Brad Stevens and players evaluate Olimpia Milano and feel competitive practices have prepared them for tonight's matchup., Shootaround wasn't very standard today. Here's why Brad Stevens had his players on the court much longer than normal on.nba.com/1Lvibbh, With another practice in the books, the Celtics discuss their team trip to Lake Como and their excitement to take the court against Olimpia Milano., The Celtics tip off their preseason in Milan on Tuesday night, and they explained why they will not be overlooking their opponent, Olimpia Milano: http://on.nba.com/1JOzGfh, Coach Stevens and players are looking forward tp getting back on the court after an eight hour commute overseas., The Celtics have dealt with a lot of 'noise' over the past 48 hours, but they were finally able to turn it off today on.nba.com/1VyamRK, Brian Scalabrine tells Celtics.com how the Italian fans would greet him when he last played here., Celtics players share their excitement to be in Milan, Italy and also give back to the community., null, Wanna know EXACTLY how the past 24-plus hours have been for the Celtics? Here's Marc D'Amico's detailed diary, from Boston to Milan: on.nba.com/1jG1Nbz, The TD Garden is celebrating its 20-year anniversary and the event was full of #BannerMoments for some special fans., Here’s the inside scoop on how the C's rookies subdued their nerves and impressed their peers during the first week of training camp: http://on.nba.com/1LoK8Sd, Celtics are not only excited to compete, but to continue building team chemistry during their time overseas., Boston has depth throughout its roster, and the backcourt is no exception. Three C's guards are leading the charge: http://on.nba.com/1j5rWAT, The team took a few timeouts during training camp to give back to the local community!  #CelticsAssist, Before taking off for Milan and Madrid to begin their preseason slate, the Celtics have revealed what they hope to accomplish while overseas: http://on.nba.com/1P8ONY6, Jae Crowder sat down with Amanda and Marc to explain why he wanted to return to Boston and discussed what type of energy he plans to bring to this year's squad., Marcus Smart talks with Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad about the Celtics' road ahead., The Celtics faithful showed their support for the new team as they competed against themselves during the open practice Tuesday night., Here's a glimpse into the lineups that Brad Stevens ran onto the floor during the team's open practice at TD Garden: on.nba.com/1M0w7V0, How great can the Celtics' defense be this season?  Brad Stevens makes a prediction, and Marc D'Amico gives some insight into the team's potential: on.nba.com/1YKTYSb, As Coach Stevens navigates through training camp, both veterans and rookies speak about his coaching system., Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad sit down with Avery Bradley to talk about the upcoming season and how the roster is shaping up., Check out why Kelly Olynyk's experience with Team Canada this summer has put him in prime position for a successful 2015-16 season with the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1QHwszN, Coach Brad Stevens emphasizes the importance of playing together in day two of practice., Brad Stevens used practice No. 1 of the season to instill discipline into his team, and he did it in a way you might not have expected: on.nba.com/1MQktlB, Celtics players and coaches report to Waltham for the start of two-a-days., Take a look behind the scenes at Celtics Media Day, guided by your host, James Young., Some laughed at Avery Bradley at Media Day last season, when he predicted a playoff appearance for the Celtics. He and his teammates are ready to predict even more this time around: on.nba.com/1LDWXGU, The Celtics have finalized their training camp roster. Full release: http://on.nba.com/1Flui8t, Brad Stevens' winning percentage increased an astonishing 60% from his 1st NBA season to his 2nd. Check out how his numbers compare with other active coaches through two NBA seasons: http://on.nba.com/1gRysch, Celtics’ coaches and players are back in Boston and are getting ready for Media Day and two-a-day workouts., Brad Stevens, Danny Ainge, Tyler Zeller and Jonas Jerebko spoke with the media on Tuesday morning about the depth of the Celtics' rotation and how it should positively enhance the team's competition level this season: http://on.nba.com/1JnhLvY, The Maine Red Claws, the official NBA Development League affiliate of the Boston Celtics, will hold open tryouts on Oct. 3 in Waltham, Mass. Registration forms can be found at Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/1FYinrL, Preseason action begins on October 6 in Milan!, Will Isaiah Thomas start? Who will be Boston's most improved player? Who is the odd man out? There are a ton of questions surrounding the Boston Celtics as they inch closer to training camp, and Marc D'Amico has provided his thoughts on some of those burning topics: http://on.nba.com/1OjUAdT, History strongly suggests Jared Sullinger is about to have a career year. Here's why: on.nba.com/1KTZaPH, Individual game tickets are on sale now! See you at TD Garden for some NBA action this season. http://on.nba.com/1LAkuUI, Lucky is ready for the season to start. Are you? Get your tickets when they go on sale tomorrow at 11 a.m., Kelly Olynyk joined TD Bank and the Celtics CommUnity crew to open up a new play room at Cardinal Cushing Centers., It’s a new school year here in Boston and Isaiah Thomas made sure it got off to a great start!  #CelticsAssist, Take a trip down memory lane with highlights of Tommy Heinsohn and Jo Jo White. We congratulate the Celtics Legends, who are just moments away from being enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame. You can catch the ceremony on NBA TV at 7:30 ET., Hall of Famers Tommy Heinsohn and Jo Jo White share the story of how their successful player-coach relationship got off to a rocky start: on.nba.com/1UI85Z3, Celtics legends Tommy Heinsohn and Jo Jo White receive their commemorative jackets as they prepare to be enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame as coach and player, respectively., Celtics.com caps off its roster breakdown series with the C's deepest position. Here are Boston’s bigs for the 2015-16 season: http://on.nba.com/1Qr7RzG, Last chance to register for tomorrow’s ticket presale – visit Celtics.com/subscribe to register today for free. Tickets on sale to the general public 9/17, don’t miss your early access!, The Boston Red Sox invited Tommy Heinsohn and JoJo White to Fenway Park to throw out the first pitch on Sept. 2 in honor of their upcoming enshrinements into the Basketball Hall of Fame., Celtics.com continues its roster breakdown series with some of the most versatile players on the floor. Here are your Celtics swingmen for the 2015-16 season: http://on.nba.com/1EMMRlz, Buy more and Save more this Labor Day weekend on great Celtics gear at Celtics.com/shop! Exclusive offers last from now until Monday at 11:59pm EST. Click here to get started: http://goo.gl/E6maep, Celtics Forward Jared Sullinger stressed the importance of fundamentals at his basketball camp in Kingston., Our individual game tickets presale is Sept. 10. Register now for exclusive access: http://www.nba.com/celtics/clubgreen/subscribe.html, Former Celtics coach Doc Rivers had some praiseful words for his successor Brad Stevens, after the two participated in a charity event at TD Garden Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/1L7DIkc, Next up in our roster breakdown series are the most relied upon shooters on the floor. Here are your Celtics wings for the 2015-16 season: http://on.nba.com/1hUvXHK, This is becoming a tradition! Watch Kelly Olynyk's third straight summer trip to Canobie Lake Park with MSPCC kids: on.nba.com/1JA9Kr, Celtics.com has broken down the roster using coach Brad Stevens’ positional formula to identify each player's projected role for the upcoming season. First up are the ball handlers: http://on.nba.com/1Q4j5de, Happy 62nd birthday to Celtics Legend and basketball Hall-of-Famer, Robert Parish!, Celtics players post about what they've been up to this offseason as well as some throwback photos., Marc D'Amico dug through every NBA game our current Celtics have ever played and pulled all of their top performances into one single location. Check it out! on.nba.com/1Encdqf, The Boston Celtics organization is saddened to hear of the passing of Lou Tsioropoulos. http://on.nba.com/1EX4pGd, Brad Stevens and Wyc Grousbeck head over to Fenway Park to help out the annual Jimmy Fund Radio-Telethon., Happy 81st birthday to Celtics Legend and basketball Hall-of-Famer, Tommy Heinsohn!, The summer is coming to an end, and you know what that means: Celtics basketball is right around the corner on Comcast SportsNet New England!, With the preseason just one month away, now is the perfect time to brush up on some team trivia. Here are five fun facts on five current Celtics players: http://on.nba.com/1U4CbFM, Don't miss your chance to be a part of the all-new Boston Celtics Street Team! The Celtics are looking for energetic, detail oriented candidates with event marketing or promotional experience to join the first ever Celtics Street Team. Click here for more information: http://on.nba.com/1IclZGd, The Celtics' preseason trip to Europe is just six weeks away! Team president Rich Gotham recently sat down with Celtics.com to discuss how the organization can benefit from its upcoming international adventure: http://on.nba.com/1LpNeoh, The official Boston Celtics store is offering you exclusive HOT August deals. Find gear for as low as $5! http://goo.gl/biKfWU 
Now through Sunday 8/23 at 11:59pm PT., The Celtics celebrate the "Heroes Among Us" recipients from this past season for their achievements within the community., You sent 'em in, and Marc D'Amico answered 'em. Here's the latest #CelticsMailbag edition, which discusses... Capture the Flag? Click here: on.nba.com/1WFnLKY, Kelly Olynyk took kids from Horizons for Homeless Children to Legoland in Somerville, where they built and raced lego cars, rode a couple rides, and made their way through a laser maze., Celtics.com has crunched some numbers to give you an in-depth look at the 2015-16 schedule: http://on.nba.com/1NsZHVA, Don't overlook these 5 exciting matchups., Want a rundown of the top games at the TD Garden this season? Celtics.com has got you covered: http://on.nba.com/1hyJTqp, Here's the printer-friendly version of the Boston Celtics schedule for the 2015-16 NBA season!, The 2015-16 NBA Schedule has been released! Head over to Celtics.com now to check it out! http://on.nba.com/1gBbKFF, The Celtics had a busy month of July in terms of offseason transactions. Here's a recap of the team's summer acquisitions up to this point: http://on.nba.com/1ITbNrn, Are you starting your Back to School shopping yet? Start it now and save 25% on select back to school Celtics gear. Just enter the code BTS25 at checkout. Offer valid through 8/9 @ 11:59pm PT. Check out the store now: http://goo.gl/TN6mIY, Guard Avery Bradley hosts a Basketball Camp in Dartmouth for the second year in a row. He pulls out his phone to prove to the campers that he can dunk by showing them a posterizing dunk over a fellow Texas alum., Kelly Olynyk, BCSF and National Grid unveil a new stem lab at Quincy Elementary School in Boston and explore some pretty interesting stations., James Young holds a basketball clinic at an American Diabetes Association Camp in New Durham, NH, Brad Stevens and Evan Turner spent the past week together in Johannesburg, South Africa. They participated in the first-ever NBA game on African soil, while also spreading their basketball knowledge to local youth. Read about their full experience from the historical trip: http://on.nba.com/1gFgxGy, Go behind the scenes with Marcus Smart and follow him for a day at the Las Vegas Summer League., Get to know recently signed and resigned Celtics with five facts about Lee, Johnson, Jones, Crowder & Jerebko: http://on.nba.com/1JzeXBc, Check out the official Boston Celtics store for a special summer Mystery Sale! How much will you save? Find out now...http://goo.gl/5OoSXM, Jonas Jerebko sat down with Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico to discuss how playing in Boston has made playing basketball fun again., Perry Jones III talks with Amanda Pflugrad and Marc D'Amico about his dedicated attitude and winning mentality., Jae Crowder sits down with Amanda and Marc to discuss why it was a "no-brainer" for him to return to the Celtics as a restricted free agent., Amir Johnson sits down with Amanda and Marc to discuss joining the Celtics in 2015 Free Agency., Boston's newest acquisitions were introduced yesterday, and they expressed desire to rekindle Celtics tradition: http://on.nba.com/1HWtQv0, Highlights of the Celtics' newly acquired big man, David Lee., null, It didn't take long for the Celtics to fall in love with Jae Crowder. Today the organization announced the signing of the tenacious forward, who should provide a defensive spark here in Boston for years to come: http://on.nba.com/1fAWsQD, The Celtics acquired former All-Star forward David Lee from the Golden State Warriors today. Read why the 10-year-veteran's leadership and offensive skill set should have an immediate impact on the youthful squad: http://on.nba.com/1D2zFIv, Last month Kelly Olynyk and National Grid joined students from Quincy Elementary to unveil the Celtics first STEM Lab Renovation as an award for their dedication to conserving energy. Watch here! #EnergyAssist, The Celtics overcame a seven-point deficit during the final minute of Saturday's summer league quarterfinal against San Antonio, but were eliminated on a Spurs basket at the buzzer. Here's a recap of Boston's thrilling summer league finale: http://on.nba.com/1I0hBdR, Marcus Smart spoke with the media at Summer League and discussed some of the details pertaining to his injury., Marcus Smart spoke to the media today about his injury, and it appears he's on the fast track to recovery: on.nba.com/1MhZAPl, Despite a three-pointer by Terry Rozier to tie the game, San Antonio's Shannon Scott hits a game winning buzzer beater to win the game 95-93., The Spurs ended the Celtics' run in Las Vegas in stunning fashion following Terry Rozier's late heroics: on.nba.com/1I0hBdR, The Celtics practice today in preparation of their quarterfinal matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday., As Marc D'Amico reports, no news is good news regarding Marcus Smart's injury: on.nba.com/1THUVXT, The Celtics summer league squad rallied around Marcus Smart's injury Thursday night, and guided by the clutch play of point guard Terry Rozier, they were able to capture a win against Portland: http://on.nba.com/1gEQgrD, Even with Marcus Smart out the C's rally to make it five wins in a row., Marcus Smart went down, but that allowed Terry Rozier to step up. Here's his reaction to his clutch performance: on.nba.com/1gEQgrD, The Celtics lost Marcus Smart Thursday night, but Terry Rozier and the rest of the crew stepped up and advanced: on.nba.com/1RCRPqB, Marcus Thornton led the Celtics to their fourth straight win, and this one came in blowout fashion against Miami: on.nba.com/1HvVSei, The Celtics continue their Las Vegas Summer League run with four wins in a row by blowing out the Miami Heat., Jonas Jerebko said today that the Celtics were always his first choice during free agency: on.nba.com/1CFGJKH, The Celtics have acquired 6-foot-11 forward Perry Jones from Oklahoma City, along with a 2019 second-round pick and cash considerations, in exchange for just a future conditional second-round pick. Read about Boston's newest addition, who Kevin Durant once called "the best athlete in the league." http://on.nba.com/1I0Cage, No Marcus Smart and no James Young meant no problem for the Celtics rookies last night in Las Vegas. The efforts displayed by Terry Rozier, R.J. Hunter, Jordan Mickey and Jonathan Holmes were plenty to push Boston past Philadelphia for its third straight summer league win: http://on.nba.com/1L1a5WL, The Boston Celtics are taking their game to Spain! On Oct. 8, the C's will play Real Madrid in the Spanish capital as part of NBA Global Games Madrid 2015: http://on.nba.com/1HYAcLr, The Celtics got their third Summer League win in a row Sunday night in Vegas., A quartet of rookies, led by Terry Rozier and R.J. Hunter, led the Celtics to a win over the 76ers while Marcus Smart and James Young watched from the sideline: on.nba.com/1L1a5WL, It wasn't the money that landed Amir Johnson in Boston. It was the respect. He details his "no-brainer" decision here http://on.nba.com/1JbBlfi, The Celtics top the Blazers 85-76 at their opening match of Summer League play in Las Vegas., Amir Johnson spoke with the media at the Las Vegas Summer League and spoke about his satisfaction to the approach from the Celtics., Marcus Smart delivered yet again as the Celtics opened up their stay in Vegas with a win over the Trail Blazers: http://on.nba.com/1dTClMr, Amanda Pflugrad sits down with Smart and Young before their first Summer League game in Las Vegas., Danny Ainge and Brad Stevens discuss what they think Amir Johnson and Jonas Jerebko can bring to the table this upcoming season., Do you want to improve your skills both on and off the basketball court? Then sign up for Celtics Cowens Camps presented by adidas! Space is filling up quickly so reserve your spot now before all weeks are sold out. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. Click here to sign up: www.celtics.com/camps, With the signing of Amir Johnson and resigning of Jonas Jerebko, the Celtics have gained grit and versatility at the four. Read what the pair of power forwards have to offer: http://on.nba.com/1HjtMVP, The Celtics rebound to finish strong in their final Summer League game in SLC before heading to Vegas., Marcus Smart, proving that he belongs, elicits a "special" compliment from Danny Ainge: on.nba.com/1eLk5p9, Celtics guard looks to show his support by watching his team in SLC and Vegas., Summer is a great time to add to your Celtics gear. Check out the official Celtics store for a Summer Special...get 3 items for $50 now through Sunday at 11:59 pm PT! goo.gl/HJYpTw, James Young and R.J. Hunter have struggled to find the net so far during summer league play. The pair of guards may need to catch a case of what coach Brad Stevens calls "shot amnesia" in order to snap out of their respective cold spells: http://on.nba.com/1NN2fOd, Marc D'Amico and Amanda Pflugrad discuss the takeaways from the Celtics second summer league game against the 76'ers., After leading through the 1st QTR the past two games the C's look to make adjustments for game 3 against the Spurs., How can James Young and R.J. Hunter fix their shooting woes? As Marc D'Amico writes, by catching a case of 'shot amnesia': http://on.nba.com/1NN2fOd, Tuesday felt a lot like Monday for the Celtics, who shot poorly from the field during a loss to the 76ers: http://on.nba.com/1Md4cD5, The top two point guards selected in the 2014 NBA Draft were the top two performers during last night's Celtics-Jazz game. Read about the showdown between Marcus Smart and Dante Exum: http://on.nba.com/1dIZH7o, After a loss to the Jazz the Celtics look to bounce back tomorrow night against the 76'ers., Marcus Smart did his usual thing Monday night, but as Marc D'Amico writes, he also showed off an added element that we had yet to see from him during his brief NBA career: http://on.nba.com/1UuCPdr, The second year guard discusses what he saw from his new team against the Utah Jazz., Two former lottery-pick point guards went at it Monday night as the Celtics fell to the Jazz in Salt Lake City: on.nba.com/1dIZH7o, Celtics practice at Energy Solutions Arena in preparation for first Summer League game on Monday night., Terry Rozier is gearing up for the summer league, and his willingness to learn is helping him leave a positive impression on his teammates and coaches: http://on.nba.com/1HCZOPR, Marcus Smart's natural leadership is shining through during summer league workouts. Read about the impact he's having on the young squad: http://on.nba.com/1HA2MCX, Colton Iverson is back for his third summer league session with the Celtics, with the hope of cracking Boston's regular season rotation. Read up on the progress the 7-foot center has made during his two seasons overseas: http://on.nba.com/1CeHp9O, The Celtics new draft picks visit Washington Irvine Middle School to unveil a new basketball court in front of the students and faculty., Amanda Pflugrad reports from Waltham, where the Celtics discuss what they are hoping to improve during Summer League, and Marcus Smart discusses his leadership role on the team., Marcus Smart has fun working with kids at his camp held at Brandeis University in Waltham., This edition of Benrus #SocialCeltics welcomes the 2015 Draft picks to the green with a touch of fashion, and Crowder's adorable daughter showing her love on Father's Day., Summer league preparation began today in Waltham, as 11 rookies got their first taste of the Celtics' organization. Read what the newcomers had to say following their long, grueling practice session: http://on.nba.com/1dyXjQC, James Young, who has bulked up to 220 pounds, is maturing across the board and is ready to make a statement this summer: on.nba.com/1BZB6Xn, Terry Rozier, R.J. Hunter, Jordan Mickey and the rest of the Celtics summer league team practice for the first time in Waltham in preparation for their upcoming games in Salt Lake City., Hear from Danny Ainge, coach Stevens, and the Celtics 2015 Draft picks, as four new players were welcomed in green., Guard Marcus Thornton, the Celtics 45th overall selection in the 2nd round of the 2015 NBA Draft, sits down with Amanda and Marc to discuss what he brings to the table., Forward Jordan Mickey, the Celtics 33rd overall selection in the 2nd round of the 2015 NBA Draft, sits down with Amanda and Marc to discuss what he brings to the table., Guard R.J. Hunter, the Celtics 28th overall selection in the 1st round of the 2015 NBA Draft, sits down with Amanda and Marc to discuss his prior relationship with head coach Brad Stevens., Guard Terry Rozier, the Celtics 16th overall selection in the 1st round of the 2015 NBA Draft, sits down with Amanda and Marc to discuss his drive and will to win., Our Draft picks were officially introduced today, and their first test will begin tomorrow: on.nba.com/1KqZeFo, The challenging auditions for the Celtics Dancers (presented by ALEX AND ANI) spanned three days with multiple rounds of cuts, in order to narrow the team down to 16., Take an in-depth look at the bios and scouting reports of Boston's first-round picks, Terry Rozier and R.J. Hunter: http://on.nba.com/1TSL9U3, Amanda Pflugrad reports from Draft Headquarters where Brad Stevens and Danny Ainge discuss the four newest Celtics., Check out some of the sites and sounds from last night's NBA Draft at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn: http://on.nba.com/1TSaGwH, Instead of trading up for a higher pick in the first round of the 2015 NBA Draft, the Celtics opted to hang onto their four selections. Read what Danny Ainge, Brad Stevens and first-round picks Terry Rozier and R.J. Hunter had to say following the draft: http://on.nba.com/1eLrOEr, New Celtics' forward, Jordan Mickey, was amongst the talented crop of players in this year's NBA Draft at the Barclays Center., Hear what GM Danny Ainge has to say about the four players selected in the 2015 NBA Draft., The Celtics worked out Jordan Mickey twice. Now we know why. They wanted his shot blocking abilities, and they got em http://on.nba.com/1e7qb2R, Marc D'Amico talks to the Celtics' third pick, Jordan Mickey, about his thoughts on playing for Boston., Boston Celtics Head Coach Brad Stevens joins Amanda Pflugrad to discuss the Celtics first three picks in the 2015 NBA Draft., We’re just a few hours away from the 2015 NBA Draft. Freshen up your knowledge on the top prospects available by taking a look at our 32 draft profiles: http://on.nba.com/1SNPkPw, Chris Mannix joins Amanda Pflugrad on the phone to discuss Kentucky Wildcats big man Karl-Anthony Towns., 2015 NBA Draft Prospects talk about coach Brad Stevens and what it would mean to be a part of the Celtics franchise., Sixty NBA hopefuls will have their dreams become reality on Thursday night. It's no surprise that a bevy of emotions is beginning to overtake the majority of these young prospects: http://on.nba.com/1KaPHR5, Ohio State University Men's Basketball player D'Angelo Russell was the topic of conversation as Chris Mannix joined Amanda Pflugrad on the phone to discuss the Guard's NBA potential., D'Angelo Russell has proven his ability to score, handle the rock and lead a team. The Ohio State guard is next in our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1eHns19, Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas talks with Amanda Pflugrad about his time in Spain and his expectations for the upcoming season., Danny Ainge addressed the media Tuesday morning and expressed desire to move up in the NBA Draft. Read what he had to say about the team's draft goals: http://on.nba.com/1IxcbY6, Amanda Pflugrad talks with SI Sr. Writer Chris Mannix about why Kentucky Wildcats Men's Basketball center Willie Cauley-Stein could be compared to names like Tyson Chandler, Kevin Garnett, Kenyon Martin and Timofey Mozgov as his career progresses., Why would a team want to draft Kentucky Basketball big man Willie Cauley-Stein? As his profile says here, he could make a difference right now:  http://on.nba.com/1CreM3O, Celtics President of Basketball Operations talks about this years' upcoming draft and what his approach will be on Thursday night., Amanda Pflugrad and Duke Men's Basketball associate head coach Jeff Capel discuss whether or not being a dominant center and winning a national championship will be enough for Jahlil Okafor to go No. 1 in this years NBA Draft., Many consider Duke Blue Devils Athletics center Jahlil Okafor to be the top prospect in the #NBADraft. Here's why: on.nba.com/1e1AQfu, Amanda Pflugrad and Duke associate head coach Jeff Capel discuss forward Justise Winslow and why his play in the NCAA Tournament was a big reason for the Blue Devils' national championship., Coach K told Jay Bilas that Justise Winslow is Dwyane Wade. Here's our profile of the 19-year-old out of the Duke Men's Basketball program: on.nba.com/1GiInhm, Amanda Pflugrad talks with Sports Illustrated Senior Writer Chris Mannix about Texas center Myles Turner and what skills he might bring to the league., Who's the top shot blocker in the #NBADraft? It might be this guy. Meet Texas Longhorns big man Myles Turner: on.nba.com/1fqIDo1, The NCAA Tournament's Most Outstanding Player Award recipient is next up in our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1Rk0RTZ, Duke Men's Basketball guard, Tyus Jones, is featured in today's edition of the draft profile series.  Amanda Pflugrad talks with Duke associate head coach, Jeff Capel, about Jones' clutch performances throughout the season and how he looks to be NBA ready., Frank Kaminsky is up next in the Draft Profile Series. Chris Mannix joins Amanda Pflugrad to discuss how the versatile skill set of the Wisconsin Badgers big man will translate to the NBA., He was the NCAA Player of the Year this past season, and he's up next in our Draft Profile Series. Meet Wisconsin Badgers 7-footer Frank Kaminsky: on.nba.com/1JZUKoO, The NBA Draft is just seven days away. Who will end up in Green? #CelticsDraft, Amanda Pflugrad talks with Syracuse beat writer Donna Ditota about the fluidity and gracefulness of Orange forward Chris McCullough., Syracuse Orange forward Chris McCullough tore his ACL in January but is still considered to be a first-round pick. Here's why: on.nba.com/1MOSFK3, Kevon Looney and three other forwards worked out at the practice facility today and shared their thoughts on the Celtics., Draft workout: UCLA's Kevon Looney led all collegiate freshmen in total rebounds this past season and he may be the most versatile option available on this year’s draft board. Read what the 6-foot-9 wing/forward had to offer following his workout with the Celtics on Wednesday: http://on.nba.com/1RapFxK, Amanda Pflugrad talks with University of Louisville Men's Basketball writer, Jeff Greer, about Montrezl Harrell's high intensity and NBA potential., Louisville Cardinals big man Montrezl Harrell is one of the most physical prospects in the #NBADraft. Oh, and he has a ridiculous wingspan that you can learn about here: on.nba.com/1TuzB9c, Kansas Men's Basketball swingman Kelly Oubre has a 7-foot-2 wingspan and is regarded by many as a sure-fire lottery pick. Learn all about him here: http://on.nba.com/1el1aSs, Jeff Goodman joins Amanda Pflugrad on the phone to discuss Kansas Men's Basketball freshman Kelly Oubre's game., We chose our 2015-16 Celtics Dancers last night! Check out our photos from the Final Auditions, presented by ALEX AND ANI: on.nba.com/1LevFDO, Amanda Pflugrad and Louisville basketball beat writer Jeff Greer discuss guard Terry Rozier and how his upbringing led to the characteristics he plans to bring to the NBA., Terry Rozier is a slashing scorer who led Louisville with 17.1 points per game last season. The sophomore guard is next up in our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1FX1Yn6, ESPN insider, Jeff Goodman, speaks with Amanda Pflugrad about Wisconsin Men's Basketball star Sam Dekker and how his versatility will fit well in the NBA., Another day, another athletic, versatile wing in our Draft Profile Series. Sam Dekker proved his worth during Wisconsin's NCAA Tournament run, averaging 19.2 points and 5.5 rebounds per game. Read up on the West Region's Most Outstanding Player from the tourney: http://on.nba.com/1BfpPSm, Amanda Pflugrad speaks with ESPN Basketball Insider Jeff Goodman to discuss the draft stock of Virginia Cavaliers Guard Justin Anderson., Built like a truck, Justin Anderson is one heck of an athlete with an NBA-ready body. The elite wing defender is the next profile in our Draft Series: http://on.nba.com/1IBW3at, Amanda Pflugrad talks with ESPN's Jeff Goodman about the potential of Washington center Robert Upshaw and why he is being compared with Willie Cauley-Stein., Having been dismissed from two collegiate programs, Robert Upshaw’s draft stock may have taken a hit; but there is no better shot-blocker available on this year’s draft board than this 7-footer. The high risk/reward center is next up in our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1Sbcy1v, Looking for Father's Day gifts for the Celtics fans in your life? The official Boston Celtics store is offering special prices on various items for this very special day. Father's Day prices are good through Sunday, June 21 at 11:59pm PT. http://goo.gl/0JCa7U, The Celtics worked out a group of forwards, including Louisville forward Montrezl Harrell and Kameron Woods, who played under Brad Stevens at Butler., Butler's Kameron Woods reunited with coach Brad Stevens during Thursday's draft workout. Check out the rave reviews the 6-foot-9 forward gave his former coach: http://on.nba.com/1S8LOyS, Kentucky Basketball beat writer, Jerry Tipton, talks to Amanda Pflugrad about why the youngest player in the draft (Devin Booker) is ready for the NBA., There may not be a better shooter available in this year's Draft than SEC Sixth Man of the Year Devin Booker. The Kentucky shooting guard is next in our Draft Profile Series:
http://on.nba.com/1S89L9p, Brad Stevens left great impressions on Pat Connaughton, Dakari Johnson, Darrun Hilliard and Matt Stainbrook as they worked out with the team today., The multi-talented Pat Connaughton has decided to put professional baseball on hold as he chases an NBA career. Read up on the Arlington native's workout with his beloved Celtics:
http://on.nba.com/1FSTvka, Amanda Pflugrad and ESPN's Jeff Goodman discuss why Kansas forward Cliff Alexander may slip all the way to the second round., Kansas Men's Basketball power forward Cliff Alexander was once considered to be a lottery pick. Here's a rundown of his strengths and weaknesses: on.nba.com/1B2v5Jr, Today is your last chance to vote for your school for a chance to receive an assembly with Lucky and a Celtics player courtesy of the Boston Celtics and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt ! Once you vote, score with Go Math! Academy and solve Celtics-themed math problems with the guidance of Celtics VIPs. To learn more and to enter today, please visit: http://on.nba.com/1LixIY3, Brandon Bass, the Boys & Girls Club and the Shamrock Foundation all come together to enjoy the wonder of the Franklin Park Zoo., Amanda is joined by Kentucky Wildcats Basketball beat writer Jerry Tipton via Skype to discuss what Kentucky big man Dakari Johnson brings to the table., Kentucky Wildcats center Dakari Johnson has a 9-foot-4 standing reach, and he's up next in our Draft Profile Series. Learn all about him here: on.nba.com/1B43Qhb, Listen to Marcus Smart discuss his upcoming inaugural basketball camp and why he’s so excited for it., Today's Draft prospect comes from UCLA Men's Basketball and led all freshman in double-doubles and minutes played. Meet Kevon Looney: http://on.nba.com/1GmCJ1o, UCLA Athletics head basketball coach, Steve Alford, talks to Amanda Pflugrad about Kevon Looney's work ethic and why he's a good fit for the NBA., Amanda Pflugrad is joined by Kentucky Wildcats Basketball beat writer, Jerry Tipton, to discuss the Wildcats big man Trey Lyles., Trey Lyles' numbers from this past season may not jump off the page, but the 6-10 forward's ceiling is sky high. Find out all about the Wildcat in his Draft Profile: http://on.nba.com/1JwU7Tt, This sophomore, boasting a 7-3 wingspan, led the NCAA with 3.6 swats per game this past season. Meet Jordan Mickey: http://on.nba.com/1Gh4rwy, Amanda Pflugrad interviews LSU Basketball head coach Johnny Jones about forward Jordan Mickey and how he dominated with his shot blocking at the high school and collegiate levels., Life is full of unlimited possibilities… even when you’re waiting for the bus! We were thrilled to team up with Mohegan Sun on Friday to give one lucky commuter in the Financial District a Celtics prize pack and overnight stay at Mohegan Sun!, Marc D'Amico interviews Arizona Wildcats Men's Basketball head coach Sean Miller about forward Stanley Johnson and how his strength and size will make an impact in the NBA., Vote for your school for a chance to receive an assembly with Lucky and a Celtics player courtesy of the Celtics and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt! Then score with Go Math! Academy and solve Celtics-themed math problems with the guidance of Celtics VIPs. To learn more and to enter, please visit:http://on.nba.com/1LixIY3, The first-ever recipient of the Julius Erving Small Forward of the Year award, Stanley Johnson, is next up in our Draft Profile series: http://on.nba.com/1QwPgk2, Today's Draft Profile highlights the energetic forward out of Arkansas Razorback Men's Basketball, Bobby Portis.  Amanda Pflugrad talks with head coach Mike Anderson about why Portis is such an exciting player to watch on the court., Despite all the success coming out of Kentucky, it was Arkansas power forward Bobby Portis who earned SEC Player of the Year honors this past season. The high-motor, versatile big man is the next subject of our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1eRoTd2, The Finals begin at 9 p.m. tonight on ABC. Be sure to tune in! http://on.nba.com/1Jo4iK5, Kevin Capers, a Division II player from Florida Southern College, worked out with the Celtics today. Read why the gritty guard believes he's ready to take the enormous leap to the NBA: http://on.nba.com/1Jrlgpi, Amanda Pflugrad interviews UNLV Runnin' Rebel Basketball head coach Dave Rice about guard Rashad Vaughn and how his strong work ethic will translate to the NBA., Another day, another Draft Profile. Today, we dissect the game of UNLV Runnin' Rebel Basketball shooting guard Rashad Vaughn, including a chat with his coach, Dave Rice: on.nba.com/1Id3WmB, Andrew Harrison (Kentucky) and Terry Rozier (Louisville) headlined today's draft workout. Read up on what the rival point guards have to offer: http://on.nba.com/1AM3XOi, Head Coach Brad Stevens addresses the media to discuss what he looks for when he runs the pre-Draft workouts., UNLV Athletics forward Christian Wood is the topic of conversation as Amanda Pflugrad talks with head coach Dave Rice about Wood's NBA potential., UNLV Runnin' Rebel Basketball big man Christian Wood eerily resembles Anthony Davis. Learn all about him and listen to his coach, Dave Rice, call in to Celtics.com here: http://on.nba.com/1Q3JtaT, One Boston Day and Hyatt Regency Boston had been working since April to collect new and gently worn sneakers to benefit the guests of St. Francis House., Austin Ainge addresses what he looks for in a player.  Rondae Hollis-Jefferson and Jonathan Holmes talk about what they've worked on during their college career., Justin Anderson (Virginia) and Rondae Hollis-Jefferson (Arizona) highlighted today's Draft workout. Read why the pair of athletic, defensive-minded swingmen are ready to contribute at the NBA level: http://on.nba.com/1LYy7yv, Murray State Racer Athletics basketball head coach Steve Prohm speaks with Marc D'Amico about Cameron Payne and how he plans to make an impact in the NBA., Murray State Men's Basketball's Cameron Payne is regarded as one of the top point guards in this year's Draft. Learn all about his game and listen to his coach, Steve Prohm, here: on.nba.com/1FPXvoH, Vote for your school for a chance to receive an assembly with Lucky and a Celtics player courtesy of the Boston Celtics and Houghton–Mifflin! Then score with Go Math! Academy and solve Celtics-themed math problems with the guidance of Celtics VIPs. To learn more and to enter, please visit: http://on.nba.com/1LixIY3, Marc D'Amico speaks with EWU Athletics head basketball coach Jim Hayford about guard Tyler Harvey and his knack for shooting., He wasn't recruited out of high school, then he led the nation in scoring. Meet Tyler Harvey, the next prospect in our Draft Profile Series: on.nba.com/1GdXf64, Amanda Pflugrad Skypes with Tom Noie, who covers Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball basketball, to discuss senior guard Jerian Grant, the next prospect in the Grant NBA bloodline., Notre Dame Fighting Irish Athletics guard Jerian Grant was a First Team All-American this past season, and he's up next in our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1Gc5Ypo, Keifer Sykes, Corey Walden, Gerard Coleman and Yanick Moreira get a taste of Brad Stevens and the intensity of the practices he runs., The Celtics brought in five mid-major college seniors for a Draft workout Friday morning. Read up on their fight to Draft Night: http://on.nba.com/1G8ZozX, The University of Arizona head coach Sean Miller talks about Rondae Hollis-Jefferson's NBA potential., Arizona Wildcats Men's Basketball head coach Sean Miller compared one of his players to former Celtic Tony Allen. Read up on who that player is in today's Draft Profile: on.nba.com/1eDyggl, Celtics Cowens Camps presented by adidas are quickly filling up for the summer...there is still space available at four great weeks! Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. Now offering three weeks at the Boston Celtics private training facility in Waltham, MA, and one week at the state-of-the-art adidas facility in Canton, MA.

 To sign up, visit: www.celtics.com/camps, now!, Draft hopefuls Maxie Esho and Chasson Randle discuss what they could bring to the Celtics if they were selected., LSU head basketball coach Johnny Jones talks with Amanda Pflugrad about forward Jarell Martin and what he is capable of accomplishing in the NBA. LSU, Jarell Martin averaged 16.9 PPG and 9.2 RPG last season for LSU Basketball. How does he project to the NBA? Find out here: on.nba.com/1FQfYCB, Wednesday's pre-Draft workout was filled with shot blockers. Read up on them and the rest of the group here: http://on.nba.com/1FbnAuM, Marc D'Amico talks with Oregon head coach Dana Altman about guard Joseph Young and his NBA potential., Amanda Pflugrad spoke with several NBA Draft prospects that worked out for the Celtics on Wednesday, and got their impressions of Celtics coach Brad Stevens., Oregon Men's Basketball head coach Dana Altman calls in to Celtics.com to talk about Pac-12 Player of the Year Joseph Young, and Marc D'Amico breaks down the guard's game with his scouting report here: on.nba.com/1FZQg0w, R.J. Hunter is entering the 2015 NBA Draft, and his father and coach, Ron Hunter, joins Marc D'Amico to discuss R.J.'s NBA potential., The Celtics and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt want to give one lucky school a chance to win an assembly with Lucky and a Celtics player! Score with Go Math! Academy and solve Celtics-themed math problems with the guidance of Celtics VIPs. To learn more and to enter, please visit: http://on.nba.com/1LixIY3, We open up our Draft Profile Series with NCAA tournament star R.J. Hunter. EVERYTHING you need to know about him, and an interview with his coach and dad, is right here: on.nba.com/1FUt0AQ, The 2014-15 campaign was full of surprises for the Celtics and their fans. Here's a recap of the exciting season: http://on.nba.com/1HzAOpk, Tip off the summer with a Boston Celtics Memorial Day special! Save 20% storewide PLUS free shipping on orders over $50. Enter the code USA20 at checkout. http://goo.gl/VtKECk 
Offer ends May 25 at 11:59pm PT., The Celtics and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt are teaming up to give one lucky school a chance to win an assembly for their school with Lucky and a player! Score with Go Math! Academy and answer Celtics-themed math problems with the help of Celtics VIPs. For more information and to enter, visit: http://on.nba.com/1LixIY3, Today is #DDIcedCoffeeDay at participating locations in Eastern Massachusetts! One dollar from every cup of Iced Coffee sold will go to Boston Children's Hospital. Share this post to help spread the news!, Our final edition of the Awards Series is in: the Game of the Year. Can you guess which game we chose? The answer is here: http://on.nba.com/1cOLuWn, Highlights of Tyler Zeller's 2014-15 season., Celtics Cowens Camps presented by adidas are filling up for the summer! Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. Now offering four weeks at the Boston Celtics private training facility in Waltham, MA, and two weeks at the state-of-the-art adidas facility in Canton, MA.

To sign up, visit: www.celtics.com/camps, now!, Congrats to Marcus Smart, who has been named to the NBA's All-Rookie Second Team! on.nba.com/1GjOG8d, Who was the top sharpshooter on the Celtics roster this season? The answer may surprise you, and you can find it here: on.nba.com/1L1qGGe, A recap of what participants had to say about the second day of the NBA Combine., Former Kentucky forward, Willie Cauley-Stein meets with media members at day 2 of the NBA Combine., There was some ridiculous size and athleticism on display at the #NBACombine. Marc D'Amico details it all here: on.nba.com/1d4nzTn, Coach Brad Stevens talks about what stood out to him most during day 2 of the NBA Combine., The Boston Celtics' 2015 Awards Series continues with the Sixth Man of the Year, and this selection shouldn't surprise anyone: http://on.nba.com/1cEaYpe, In support of Hospital Week and our Official Hospital, Lucky the Leprechaun and Leon Powe stopped by New England Baptist Hospital on Tuesday to congratulate a number of their tenured employees for their hard work and dedication over the years! Congratulations and thank you for your service!, Players talk about how their training and meetings went after the first day of the NBA Combine., Who looked good, and who looked not so good, at Day 1 of the #NBACombine? Here are Marc D'Amico's takeaways from Thursday: http://on.nba.com/1Fo0aJ6, Rondae Hollis-Jefferson talks with the media at the 2015 NBA Combine, Marc D'Amico sits down with Celtics GM Danny Ainge to get his thoughts on the team's performance this season and discuss what the future may hold in regards to the bevy of Boston assets., Celtics team president Rich Gotham sits down with Marc D’Amico to discuss the future of the franchise and the team’s incredible fan base., Here are a few words we didn't anticipate writing just eight months ago: Evan Turner was the Celtics' 2014-15 MVP http://on.nba.com/1zW3J6W, Brandon Bass led the Celtics with 90 slams this season. Check out some of his best in his 2014-15 highlight reel., Brad Stevens sat down with Celtics.com's Marc D'Amico to reflect on and discuss the 2014-15 season., Thank YOU Boston Celtics fans, for being the greatest in the NBA! We're offering you 25% off storewide now! Just enter the code FANS at checkout. Shop now: http://goo.gl/c9UQD3 

Offer valid through Sunday, May 17 at 11:59pm PT., Our 2015 Awards Series rolls on as we highlight the Celtics' Most Improved Player for the 2014-15 season: http://on.nba.com/1H3zbjd, Join G2O Spa and SalonTODAY at Pier6 Boston Waterfront for a Mother’s Day Fashion Show featuring the Celtics Dancers!  Click the link to buy tix! http://bit.ly/1GiKFC1, See the best of Kelly Olynyk throughout the 2014-15 season., Who was the Celtics Defensive Player of the Year? Marc D'Amico unveils his choice as we tip off our annual Awards Series: on.nba.com/1Rdqcli, Watch the best of Evan Turner from the 2014-15 season., Check out highlights from Jared Sullinger's 2014-15 season., Watch the first points of Marcus Smart’s NBA career in his 2014-15 highlight reel., Check out the highlights of Jae Crowder from the 2014-15 NBA season., null, This week's Benrus #SocialCeltics, players took to social media to thank the fans for their support as the team wrapped up the 2014-15 season., Danny Ainge recaps the Celtics' 2014-2015 season., FEATURE: Marc D'Amico tells the story of Isaiah Thomas, from undersized toddler to undersized NBA star on.nba.com/1EG5tBc, Join G2O Spa and Salon at Pier6 Boston Waterfront Thursday, May 7th for a Mother’s Day Fashion Show featuring the Celtics Dancers!  Click the link to buy tix! http://bit.ly/T7VEYG, Which Avery Bradley play was most memorable to you this season? Check out his highlight reel as a refresher!, The Boston Celtics would like to thank our fans for all of their support throughout the 2014-15 season., Smell what Dwayne The Rock Johnson was cookin' during his #CentralIntelligence interview with Marc D'Amico at Game 4 at TD Garden, Here are some of the top highlights from Isaiah Thomas’ season with the Boston Celtics., Despite the sweep, Brad Stevens and the Celtics see progress in their surprising 2014-15 season.  http://on.nba.com/1EJtBEW, Thank you to the best fans in professional sports! #ThankYouFans #GreenRunsDeep, Following their season-ending loss to Cleveland, the Celtics discuss their second-half comeback and how hungry they are for success as they head into the offseason., Although the Celtics' season came to an end on Sunday afternoon, they refused to go quietly. Boston brought the fight to Cleveland until the final buzzer sounded: http://on.nba.com/1JtRYI5, Celtics fans are hopeful for a Game 4 win today at the TD Garden., Update from Saturday’s practice in Waltham - Facing elimination, the C’s may shake up their lineup vs. LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4: on.nba.com/1b1Og9y, Marc D'Amico reports on the Celtics' mindset heading into their win-or-go-home contest against the Cavs Sunday afternoon., Celtics Forward Jae Crowder hasn't been intimidated by the Cavs lineup during this first round series, and that is one reason he has coach Stevens' admiration., Every time the Boston Celtics made a run, LeBron James, Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love and the Cleveland Cavaliers always had an answer: http://on.nba.com/1FiOVzR, The Celtics fell to the Cavs in Game 3 at TD Garden. Crowder and Turner were the heartbeat of the team, and kept Boston in it until the end. They discuss what ultimately cost them the game., The Boston Celtics came out like gangbusters to start the third quarter, but the Cleveland Cavaliers' Big Three of LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love quickly swiped the momentum back: http://on.nba.com/1bn4WIZ, Evan Turner and Jae Crowder meet with the media following Thursday’s 103-85 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers., Listen to coach Stevens moments before the Celtics host the Cavaliers in Game 3 of the 2015 NBA Eastern Conference Quarter-Finals., Get to know Celtics Forward Jae Crowder and how he strives to live a healthy lifestyle.  Visit Celtics.com/OPTUM for more Optum Healthy Tips! #playingforhealthier, Ahead of Game 3 against the Cleveland Cavaliers, Brandon Bass sits down with Marc D'Amico to discuss his journey as a Celtic and why he's widely regarded as one of the hardest workers in the NBA., Gear up for Game 3 with a Playoffs Special on Boston Celtics headwear! Offer valid through the end of tonight's game. #letsgoceltics http://goo.gl/GGOefF, The Celtics returned to the practice court in Waltham as they prepare to face the Cavs in game 3 Thursday night. They discuss playing for the home crowd, and cutting down on fouls., Despite an average of 52 points and 11 assists from LeBron James and Kyrie Irving over the first two games, Brad Stevens is happy with the way his team has defended Cleveland’s two superstars., Game 2 -The third quarter was again deadly for the Celtics against the Cleveland Cavaliers http://on.nba.com/1GgXGJy #GreenRunsDeep, Marc D’Amico reports from Cleveland, where another rough third quarter and a superstar duo sent the Celtics into a two-game series hole., Isaiah Thomas was fantastic yet again, but Cleveland's superstar duo of LeBron James and Kyrie Irving was too much for Boston at the end of Game 2: http://on.nba.com/1QhsShh, Evan Turner speaks with Marc D'Amico before Game 2 about his confidence level and how he can help get Avery Bradley going., Marc D'Amico updates you on where a couple of Celtics landed in the final Sixth Man of the Year and Coach of the Year voting results., Celtics fans, show us how you conserve energy by uploading pictures or video to Celtics.com/EnergyAssist or posting on Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #EnergyAssist. Your school could be lucky enough to get a brand new technology lab courtesy of National Grid and the Boston Celtics. Checkout Lucky conserving Energy at our Practice Facility here!, The Boston Celtics know that anything is possible when you work together. Take a look at the great photos of the players helping one another on the court in the Boston Celtics Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Teamwork Gallery. http://on.fb.me/1K21yze, The Celtics arrived at Monday’s practice with positive vibes after diving deep into the film of Game 1, reports Marc D’Amico., Postgame: Cavs' Big 3 Get Best of Celtics in Game 1 on.nba.com/1DZuBTn #GreenRunsDeep, What do the Celtics and Avery Bradley need to do in order to win Game 2? Just be themselves: http://on.nba.com/1EhWQhT, Marc D’Amico explains the two categories were critical to Cleveland’s Game 1 victory over Boston., Some expected the Celtics to be shellshocked to start Game 1 against the Cavaliers on Sunday. They weren't - until the second half, that is. Here's how it went down: http://on.nba.com/1DB0RdW, Ahead of his first NBA Playoff game, Marcus Smart speaks with Marc D'Amico about his nerves and what advice he's been given from Gerald Wallace and Brad Stevens., From the coaches to the sixth men, Marc D'Amico breaks down the matchups between the Celtics and Cavs: http://on.nba.com/1DzBWYg, The Celtics gathered one last time to practice in Boston before taking off for Cleveland. They discussed how the two game series near the end of the regular season benefitted their preparation., Saturday update - Despite underdog status, Celtics confident heading to Cleveland for playoffs. on.nba.com/1IWjtcU #GreenRunsDeep, Time to get pumped up for the Celtics Playoff run!, The Celtics got together for their first playoff practice Friday afternoon, and they seem unfazed by the postseason buzz and the challenge of playing against LeBron James., Marc D'Amico breaks down the Celtics plans for the first week of the playoffs, as they prepare to play the Cavaliers., The Celtics' resume says that they can beat the Cleveland Cavaliers, writes Marc D'Amico. Believe. http://on.nba.com/1b461Fr, The Celtics are going streaking into the playoffs, most notably on the road, where they’ll play Games 1 and 2 against the Cavs., Brad Stevens’ leadership, both on and off the floor, has been the catalyst to Boston's success this season. Read: http://on.nba.com/1OjGB3h, Congratulations to Brad Stevens for being named the Eastern Conference Coach of the Month for the month of April., Lucky the Leprechaun takes you behind the scenes at a Celtics Green Team Practice!  Visit Celtics.com/OPTUM for more Optum Healthy Tips! #playingforhealthier, Gigi Datome's career night helped the Celtics end the regular season on a high note and notch yet another victory on the second night of a back-to-back., Gigi Datome helped the Celtics end the regular season in style Wednesday night. The forward made the most of his first career start and led the C's to a sixth-straight win: http://on.nba.com/1OgXE66, Tyler Zeller discusses a bittersweet night in Milwaukee, where the Celtics will close out their final back-to-back of the season while resting some key players., Just in case you missed last night's game-winner against the Toronto Raptors at TD Garden last night, here it is from the crowd!, This is a slam dunk case. Here's why Isaiah Thomas should be this year's Sixth Man of the Year: on.nba.com/1FTiMAd, Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of Havlicek Stole the Ball, Celtics Legend John Havlicek was honored during Boston's regular season finale at TD Garden., In this week's Benrus #SocialCeltics, the guys are all about overcoming adversity, and success on the court., The Celtics and Raptors went toe-to-toe down the stretch answering each other every time down the floor in the final 35 seconds. Ultimately, it was Boston's Jae Crowder that delivered the final blow to take the game 95-93., Jae Crowder's game-winning bucket was incredible, but it may not have been the Key Moment of Tuesday's game. What other play could have topped it? Read here: http://on.nba.com/1J1xmDf, Share this post on Facebook to support Isaiah Thomas for Sixth Man of the Year. And retweet our post on the Celtics' Twitter account for a chance to win playoff tickets!
https://twitter.com/celtics/status/588133677302992897, Marc D’Amico breaks down why Monday was such a big day for the Boston Celtics., Fast break with Amtrak Guest Rewards and score double points on all Amtrak travel, now – May 16. Join today! #RideAmtrak AmtrakGuestRewards.com/DoubleDays, Want tickets to the BOS vs. TOR game tomorrow night at TD Garden? Visit the  Boston Celtics on Twitter for a clue to locate Lucky at a Sprint store in Boston! www.twitter.com/celtics  #CutYourBill, The Celtics swiped 20 steals from the Cavs on Sunday night, just one short of tying a team record. Although Boston doesn't chart the stat in game, coach Stevens says active hands are a point of emphasis., The Celtics beat the Cavs at TD Garden on Sunday to inch closer to the playoffs. Although Cleveland was without James, Irving, Love and Smith, Boston felt it had something to prove after a few letdowns last month., Two Boston wins over Cleveland. Two 17-point performances by Isaiah Thomas. How did he do it this time? Read: http://on.nba.com/1CGGisK, Former WWE play-by-play man Jim Ross joined Celtics radio voice Sean Grande on commentary in Oklahoma City, where they talked about the art of sports broadcasting., The Celtics will wear their Parquet Pride uniforms today to honor another great moment in Celtics history. During Game 7 of the 1965 Eastern Conference Finals vs. the Philadelphia 76ers, late broadcaster Johnny Most proclaimed: “Havlicek stole the ball! It’s all over! Johnny Havlicek stole the ball!” Celtics great John Havlicek will go down in history for making that pivotal steal solidifying Boston's victory. The commemorative “Havlicek Stole the Ball” shirt and the entire Parquet Pride Collection are available at Celtics.com/Shop. Get your Pride items now and be automatically entered to win great prizes. No purchase necessary to enter. #ParquetPride http://goo.gl/vbFdE5, The C's have become road warriors; they've won six straight games away from TD Garden including Friday night in Cleveland. http://on.nba.com/1yeAXxp, A quartet of guards led the Celtics to a 99-90 win over the Cavaliers Friday night in Cleveland., Evan Turner set a new career high, and the Celtics got a critical call in Cleveland? Read about it all right here: on.nba.com/1CDR6b6, Does a potential playoff matchup with the Cavs give more significance to tonight's game? Brandon Bass answers that question and more with Marc D'Amico., In today’s Amtrak Travel Report, Marc D’Amico discusses the potential of Cleveland resting players, and Brad Stevens explains the toughest thing to prepare for when facing the Cavaliers., The Celtics have four regular season games left to play, and their next two against the Cavaliers may serve as a playoff preview in multiple respects. Read: http://on.nba.com/1GxhoDq, Jae Crowder explains how this weekend’s home-and-home series with Cleveland could help the Celtics prepare for the playoffs., Want tickets to the BOS vs. CLE game this Sunday? Visit the Boston Celtics on Twitter for a clue to locate Lucky at a Sprint store in Boston!  www.twitter.com/celtics  #CutYourBill, The #PlayoffPush continues Celtics Fans! Secure your tickets for Sunday’s game against the Cleveland Cavaliers here: http://bit.ly/1vKsnzr, Brad Stevens explains what needs to change in order for the Celtics to reverse their recent results in Cleveland., Celtics fans, show us how you conserve energy by uploading pictures or video to Celtics.com/EnergyAssist or posting on Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #EnergyAssist. Your school could be lucky enough to get a brand new technology lab courtesy of National Grid and the Boston Celtics. Checkout Lucky conserving Energy at our Practice Facility here!, The C's rolled in Detroit as Isaiah Thomas dropped 34 vs. the Detroit Pistons. Suddenly the Boston Celtics are in seventh place in the East. Read more: http://on.nba.com/1NcxIgR, Isaiah Thomas and the Celtics comment on the point guard’s monster performance that led the C’s to a win in Detroit., Think Isaiah Thomas' 34-point outburst against the Pistons was impressive? What's more impressive than the total is just how he arrived at that number. Read: http://on.nba.com/1DL7YUf, Brad Stevens gives his take on the Celtics having two days off and explains why Andre Drummond is such a tough cover., Jonas Jerebko tells you about the extra demands he has had during his return to Detroit., Do you want to improve your skills both on and off the basketball court? Then sign up for Celtics Cowens Camps presented by adidas! Register now and receive two complimentary tickets to the Celtics Fan Appreciation Night game at TD Garden on April 14! Click here to sign up: http://www.nba.com/celtics/camps, Get your tickets now for the first round of the 2015 Celtics Playoffs presented by Arbella Insurance!  Tickets have been released for all home games at TD Garden, and prices start at $40: http://on.nba.com/1E5acwk, The tourney is a wrap! See who made the most correct #MarchMadness picks between Brandon Bass, Phil Pressey, Jonas Jerebko and Walter McCarty: on.nba.com/1O4zXjn, Fast break with Amtrak Guest Rewards and score double points on all Amtrak travel, March 16 – May 16. Join today! #RideAmtrak AmtrakGuestRewards.com/DoubleDays, The Red Auerbach Award is given to a Celtics player who best exemplifies the spirit of what it means to be a true Celtic through performance on the court and off. Congratulations to this year's recipient, Avery Bradley!, Congratulations to JoJo White on being named to the 2015 Class of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame!, After beating the Raptors on Saturday, the Celtics are back to controlling their own playoff destiny. They discussed their approach to the remaining five games. Plus, Stevens discusses the plans for Sullinger during practice as he works to get into game shape., In today's Celtics Minute presented by SunLife Financial, coach Stevens talks about the hard work and progress of Evan Turner., Jonas Jerebko called it! Check out his hand-written #MarchMadness title game picks, along with those of Phil Pressey, Walter McCarty and Brandon Bass, on our #CelticsBrackets page: http://on.nba.com/1MUGHmD, Did you miss the Celtics' OT game-winner against the Toronto Raptors last night? Read about how the final play went down... http://on.nba.com/1FuOsJk, How big was Marcus Smart's game-winner last night in Toronto? Our updated #PlayoffPush page should tell you: http://on.nba.com/1MTI8lb, The Celtics were clutch as they defeated the Raptors in a nail-biting overtime game. Listen as the players broke down the final play., In today's Amtrak Travel Report coach Stevens talks about the return of Jared Sullinger and the progress the Celtics have made since they last played Toronto., The Celtics Dancers taught seniors from Mission Hill some new moves at a dance clinic on Thursday as part of the Sr. Celtics fitness program presented by New England Baptist Hospital #NBAfit, As four teams gets set to battle for the #FinalFour of #MarchMadness in Indianapolis, Marc D'Amico sits down with Celtics head coach Brad Stevens to discuss his Final Four memories, as well as the four coaches remaining in this year's tournament., The Celtics were beaten by the Bucks at TD Garden on Friday night, leaving coach Stevens and the players disappointed. After the game, they discussed what went wrong., Jared Sullinger addresses the media before he returns to the lineup on Friday night against the Bucks at TD Garden., Brad Stevens talks about how impressive it is that this year’s Final Four coaches total 27 Final Four appearances., Rookies Marcus Smart and James Young visited the Menino YMCA to help recognize students who excelled in the month-long Fit To Win program., Want an exclusive look at the Celtics running out onto the court from inside the team tunnel? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway now for your chance to win, along with two tickets to an upcoming Celtics game and a pre-game photo on the court! For more info and to enter: bit.ly/arbella, Big game tonight! A win over the Bucks would bring the Celtics within two games of the sixth seed. Here's the playoff picture: http://on.nba.com/1CjTlQE, Marc D’Amico and Tyler Zeller discuss the importance of the final seven games of the season, beginning with Friday’s tilt against Milwaukee, in today’s Celtics Minute., Fast break with Amtrak Guest Rewards and score double points on all Amtrak travel, March 16 – May 16. Join today! #RideAmtrak AmtrakGuestRewards.com/DoubleDays, Here's the updated playoff picture, which includes each team's previous game result and next opponent: on.nba.com/1NKDMKh #PlayoffPush, After getting hit in the eye and getting four stitches earlier in the day, Kelly Olynyk still played and had a breakout performance. Evan Turner also scored his third triple-double of the season. Hear from Turner and Olynyk following the game., Take a look at Kelly Olynyk's eye. Then take a look at his stats: http://on.nba.com/1bQeUTK, BCSF and ALEX AND ANI | CHARITY BY DESIGN  were on hand with students of the Roger Williams School in Providence, RI to unveil a brand new media arts room., Marc D’Amico breaks the news that Brian Scalabrine is ready to make a comeback and play for the Celtics., Check out the DraftKings Stat of the Month!  Play fantasy sports for FREE: http://bit.ly/1zjoIeN, Enter to win a trip to Panama courtesy of Copa Airlines!  Visit Celtics.com/CopaAirlines  #CopaAirlinesGetaway, Hey Celtics Fans! Mohegan Sun and the Boston Celtics are giving one lucky fan the chance to win Four Tickets to the April 12th game vs. Cleveland, an overnight stay at Mohegan Sun following the game, round-trip transportation and more! To enter, update your Club Green email preferences here: http://www.nba.com/celtics/promotions/mohegansun, The #PlayoffPush continues, Celtics Fans! Secure your tickets for tomorrow night’s game against the Indiana Pacers here: http://bit.ly/1vKsnzr, Following his gut feeling, head coach Brad Stevens inserted Wallace into the lineup against the Hornets. Playing in front of his old team's fans, the Celtics forward proved he still has some pep in his step., The Celtics went into Charlotte knowing a lot was on the line, and in the second night of a back-to-back, Boston put together a great performance, beating the Hornets 116-104., It was the red-hot shooting of Avery Bradley that helped the C's earn an important win over the Hornets on Monday. Read more: on.nba.com/1NwSWRh, In tonight's Amtrak Travel Report, Guard Isaiah Thomas addresses the media before the Celtics take on the Hornets in Charlotte. He discusses how he feels after he fell against the Clippers, facing teams fighting for the last playoff spots, and if he feels this game is a "must win.", Someone called Michigan State reaching the Final Four in #MarchMadness! Who was it? Go check out the hand-filled and signed brackets right here: on.nba.com/1Dfo9Yg, Want an exclusive look at the Celtics running out onto the court from inside the team tunnel? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway now for your chance to win, along with two tickets to an upcoming Celtics game and a pre-game photo on the court! For more info and to enter: bit.ly/arbella, After trailing the Clippers by 35 points, Stevens inserted his second unit off the bench. They brought energy and a little life back to the game., Celtics fans, show us how you conserve energy by uploading pictures or video to Celtics.com/EnergyAssist or posting on Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #EnergyAssist. You could win a brand new technology lab for your school community courtesy of National Grid and the Boston Celtics. Checkout Lucky conserving Energy at our Practice Facility here!, Celtics fans, show us how you conserve energy by uploading pictures or video to Celtics.com/EnergyAssist or posting on Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #EnergyAssist. You could win a brand new technology lab for your school community courtesy of National Grid and the Boston Celtics. Checkout Lucky conserving Energy at our Practice Facility here!, The Celtics couldn't contain the Clippers, who were firing on all cylinders at TD Garden. Although they trailed by as much as 35 points, Boston fought back and hopes to carry their 4th quarter momentum to Charlotte for Monday night's back-to-back against the Hornets., Brad Stevens explains why the Celtics have been able to double their March practice total in the past three days., SHARE this post if you’re ready to hear the roar from Celtics fans tomorrow night! Then, snag tickets and experience the game live as the Celtics host the LA Clippers! http://bit.ly/1vKsnzr, Three rounds of the NCAA Tournament are in the books. How does your bracket look compared to those of Phil Pressey, Jonas Jerebko, Brandon Bass and Walter McCarty?  See whose picks are standing the test of time with our #CelticsBrackets: http://on.nba.com/19szg3K, The Celtics responded after a loss to the Heat on Wednesday night by taking care of business in New York behind the bench duo of Thomas and Crowder, beating the Knicks 96-92., Brandon Bass and Evan Turner quietly helped the Celtics bounce back in New York and take down the Knicks: on.nba.com/1FV1tym, Only 10 games remain in the #PlayoffPush. Here's a clear picture of the race to the postseason in the East: http://on.nba.com/1D8GB6s, In tonight's Amtrak Travel Report, Guard Isaiah Thomas addresses the media prior to the Celtics facing off against the Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Find out how Thomas is feeling prior to his second game back from injury., The Celtics have spent 4 of 6 days this week in New York City. After beating Brooklyn on Monday night, they're looking for a New York sweep, facing the Knicks at Madison Square Garden tonight., In this week's Benrus #SocialCeltics, the guys celebrate wins on the court, share their thoughts on March Madness, and get their dogs some pub for National Dog Day., Brad Stevens and Jae Crowder discuss Isaiah Thomas' rough return to the lineup Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/1Bsqbi8, In today's Optum Practice Report, the Celtics reflect on their disappointing performance against the Heat on Wednesday night, and discuss what they need to improve as they travel to New York to face the Knicks., Fast break with Amtrak Guest Rewards and score double points on all Amtrak travel, March 16 – May 16. Join today! #RideAmtrak AmtrakGuestRewards.com/DoubleDays, Isaiah Thomas struggled during Wednesday’s return to action, but after the game, he stated why he’s confident that he’ll bounce back Friday night in New York., The #PlayoffPush is heating up! Bookmark this page to get your up-to-the-minute view of the race to the postseason: on.nba.com/1D217W5, Marc D’Amico focuses on how Phil Pressey jumpstarted the Celtics during the fourth quarter and how Boston walks away from Wednesday’s loss with a lesson learned., The Celtics entered the fourth quarter of Wednesday night's game against the Heat facing a seemingly insurmountable 20-point deficit. Although it eventually came up short, Boston made a furious rally by following the lead of two of its reserves: http://on.nba.com/1BrCcnW, Guard Marcus Smart was greeted with smiles as he visited children at Boston Children's Hospital., Celtics fans, show us how you conserve energy by uploading pictures or video to Celtics.com/EnergyAssist or posting on Twitter or Instagram using the hashtag #EnergyAssist. You could win a brand new technology lab for your school community courtesy of National Grid and the Boston Celtics. Checkout Lucky conserving Energy at our Practice Facility here!, Marc D’Amico gives you the latest on the playoff picture and highlights the importance of tonight’s game against Miami., Buy More, Save More on the official Celtics Store! Get ready for the C's #PlayoffPush and enter the code BMSM to save on gear now! 

Through tonight at 11:59pm ET.

http://goo.gl/6a8Qcf, The Celtics are into #MarchMadness too! See how you stack up against Walter McCarty, Phil Pressey, Brandon Bass and Jonas Jerebko by checking out their hand-filled brackets in this year's #CelticsBrackets Challenge: bit.ly/1BjeETg, Brad Stevens credits Phil Pressey for turning the Celtics around Monday night in Brooklyn., The Celtics grabbed a big win last night....and when we win, you win! Take 20% off STOREWIDE on the official Celtics store through 3pm EST. Just enter the code WWYW at checkout.
http://goo.gl/7xc92X, Celtics Fans, are you ready for tomorrow night’s Eastern Conference match vs. Miami Heat? Share now and represent your team. Get tix: bit.ly/1zBILnq, The Celtics used a total team effort to take down the Nets in Brooklyn. Evan Turner led the way with a triple-double, and five other Celtics scored in double figures. Hear from coach Stevens and the team after the win., Evan Turner's triple-double, Kelly Olynyk's re-emergence, a balanced scoring effort - Boston had it all going on Monday night: http://on.nba.com/1xt8pQy, In the Amtrak Travel Report, Marc D'Amico snags a 1-on-1 interview with Forward Kelly Olynyk to discuss what the Celtics need to do on the second night of a back-to-back to beat the Nets in Brooklyn., Although his shot hasn't been falling lately, Marc D'Amico discusses the effect Kelly Olynyk has had on games since returning to the court earlier this month., The Celtics led by as much as 10, but couldn't hang on after falling behind early in overtime. Hear from the players about what led to the loss., Without Evan Turner, the C's would have been lost on Sunday. Though the result was an L for Boston, Turner excelled: http://on.nba.com/1G26IuX, Enter to win the chance to attend a Celtics game and compete on the Celtics Parquet Floor to win a trip to Panama courtesy of Copa Airlines!  Copa Airlines is the gateway to Latin America flying non-stop from Boston Logan Airport to Panama, and connections to more than 55 destinations.  Copa Airlines is an award winning airline with a world class product and on-time performance. Visit Celtics.com/CopaAirlines for rules and details.  #CopaAirlinesGetaway, Who will lead the Celtics in scoring during tomorrow’s matchup between Boston vs. Detroit? Share with us then snag tickets to the next game: bit.ly/1zBILnq, Marc D'Amico examines Friday's loss in San Antonio, during which the Spurs looked like the defending champs and Marcus Smart was ejected., The defending champs came out and looked like such Friday night, as Kawhi Leonard led the Spurs past the Celtics 101-89: http://on.nba.com/1MSypbm, Ahead of tip-off in San Antonio, Marcus Smart talks with Marc D'Amico about carrying over his offensive momentum from Wednesday night and defending the Spurs backcourt., Brad Stevens and Tyler Zeller talk during today's Amtrak Travel Report about dealing with San Antonio's large frontline., Head Coach Brad Stevens discusses the parity on day one of the NCAA tournament...something he knows a thing or two about., Guard Phil Pressey fills out his bracket for the 2015 tournament. Find out who his upset picks are, and who he believes will win the title., Marc D’Amico brings you today’s Celtics Minute, during which Brad Stevens discusses the balance of poise and assertiveness., Marcus Smart's time is coming. Last night's explosion against the Thunder is evidence: http://on.nba.com/1Gu1OVu, Marc D'Amico recaps Russell Westbrook's second-half performance and Marcus Smart's career night., Marcus Smart logged a career night, but it wasn't enough to lead the Celtics past Russell Westbrook and the Thunder: http://on.nba.com/1H0CHK5, Marc D'Amico and Tyler Zeller talk about the center's hot shooting and his attempt to help slow down Russell Westbrook., Marc D'Amico discusses the challenges the Celtics face tonight in Oklahoma City, including trying to stop red-hot Thunder point guard Russell Westbrook., Guard Marcus Smart had a chance to return to Oklahoma State and talk to his former teammates while the Celtics are nearby in OKC, getting set to face the Thunder on Wednesday night., The Boston Celtics are proud to partner with MassMutual and support the LifeBridge application event in Boston tomorrow! Learn more about LifeBridge, and MassMutual’s free insurance program here:  http://mass.mu/DIJavJ 
Or, come to the event at: Reggie Lewis Center, Roxbury Community College, Thursday March 19,  3-7 PM., This week's Benrus #SocialCeltics is all about family, winning, and a March Madness challenge for charity., Fast break with Amtrak Guest Rewards and score double points on all Amtrak travel, March 16 – May 16. Join today! #RideAmtrak AmtrakGuestRewards.com/DoubleDays, Luigi Datome is not just enjoying playing in Boston, he says this is the happiest he has been since joining the NBA. He is playing meaningful minutes and getting showered with love from the Celtics faithful., Enter to win the chance to attend a Celtics game and compete on the Celtics Parquet Floor to win a trip to Panama courtesy of Copa Airlines!  Copa Airlines is the gateway to Latin America flying non-stop from Boston Logan Airport to Panama, and connections to more than 55 destinations.  Copa Airlines is an award winning airline with a world class product. Visit Celtics.com/CopaAirlines for rules and details.  #CopaAirlinesGetaway, Happy St. Patrick's Day from your Celtics! To celebrate the luck o' the green, our official store is offering you 20% off storewide. Just enter the code STPATS20 at checkout. 

Shop now: http://goo.gl/Luv5LG 

Offer ends tonight at 11:59PM PT., Behind Zeller's career night, Bradley's hot shooting, and a great team effort, the Celtics finished off the sweep of the 76ers in blowout fashion. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about their performance on Monday night., The Celtics came out on fire Monday night. The Sixers? They couldn't hit the broad side of a barn. You know what that means: Gino Time: http://on.nba.com/1AyN5F0, MassMutual’s FutureSmart Challenge brought more than 1,900 middle school students from Boston area schools together for an educational seminar hosted by award-winning actor and best-selling author Hill Harper., Marc D’Amico explains just how great the Celtics have been over the past six weeks during today’s Celtics Minute., Marc D'Amico recaps Saturday night's win over the Pacers, which was spurred by defense and a grind-it-out mentality., Boston fought hard to earn a grind-it-out victory over Indiana on Saturday night, and Brad Stevens wouldn't have it any other way: http://on.nba.com/1AEGvMg, Avery Bradley talks with Marc D’Amico about the red-hot Pacers, Rodney Stuckey, and Boston’s slick green and gold St. Patrick’s Day uniforms., We're talking playoffs, comfort and stability here in Indianapolis. Boy, have things changed since the last time the Celtics were here: http://on.nba.com/18pyh4b, Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. 

To enter and for more details, visit: http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., Evan Turner and Phil Pressey combined for 40 points and helped lead the Celtics to a come from behind victory over the Magic on Friday night., Friday's Celtics win over the Magic deserves to be called "Evan Turner: The Takeover". But it couldn't have happened without Phil Pressey: http://on.nba.com/1FcJceb, The Celtics have another shot at beating the Magic but tonight's matchup will look a little different than last Sunday., SHARE this post if you’re ready to hear the roar from Celtics tonight! Then, snag tickets and experience a game live this season! bit.ly/1zBILnq, Want a private tour of the Celtics locker room during an upcoming Celtics game? Today is the last day to enter the Arbella Insurance  Ultimate Giveaway for your chance to win the tour and two Celtics tickets! Enter here: http://bit.ly/arbella, Drive to the net, not to the game. Book 14 days in advance & save 25% when the Celtics travel to play the Knicks in New York City on 3/27. #RideAmtrak bit.ly/1GodXyD, The Celtics credit Brad Stevens for their confidence to win games and Isaiah Thomas talks about his back injury., Kelly Olynyk had his most explosive game scoring the basketball since he returned to the Celtics lineup five games ago. Head Coach Brad Stevens discusses the difference Olynyk makes when he's in the game., Avery Bradley scored a team-high 17 points in his return and helped the Celtics grind out a win over the Grizzlies, 95-92. Hear from coach Stevens and the players after their victory at TD Garden., The Celtics took care of business at TD Garden, beating one of the best teams in the west. It was a total team effort, and included clutch plays and play calls down the stretch., Join Marc D'Amico in reliving an incredible Celtics win over the Memphis Grizzlies: http://on.nba.com/1D8kFrs, Isaiah Thomas sits down with Marc D'Amico to dissect some of his tricks to scoring around the basket., Want an inside look at the Celtics locker room during an upcoming Celtics game? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway now for your chance to win the tour and two Celtics tickets! Enter here: http://bit.ly/arbella, The Celtics have won three of the last four games but Wednesday night is going to be a challenge for Boston with Jeff Green and the Grizzlies in town., Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. 

To enter and for more details, visit: http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

 Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., This isn't baseball, but the Celtics have found their closer. His name is Isaiah Thomas: http://on.nba.com/1x9X95Z, The Boston Celtics are making a playoff push. Be there live at TD Garden on Wednesday night when they face the Memphis Grizzlies. Buy your tickets now: bit.ly/1BsF1rS, Big man Gigi Datome has taken advantage of his opportunities on the Celtics most recent road trip, earning respect from coach Stevens and making the most of his playing time., Dwyane Wade did all he could to pull the Heat back into Monday night's game, but Isaiah Thomas and the Celtics had other plans - plans that had the C's heading back to Boston with a victory: http://on.nba.com/1x9El6L, Emily Austen catches up with Tyler Zeller pregame to talk about the push for the playoffs, Brandon Bass' impact on the Celtics and tonight's game against the Heat., Despite the Celtics loss to the Magic, Brandon Bass had a career night on Sunday with 17 rebounds along with 19 points and five assists., The Celtics bounced back to end the road trip with a 10-point win over the Heat in Miami on Monday night., We are excited to announce Mohegan Sun’s Spring Into Summer Sweepstakes, giving one lucky Celtics Fan the chance to win Four (4) Tickets the April 12th Game vs. the Cleveland Cavaliers, an overnight stay at Mohegan Sun following the game, round-trip transportation and more! To enter, update your Club Green email preferences here: http://on.nba.com/1GjlkUg, The Celtics lost their early fire and couldn't match the Magic's aggressiveness the rest of the game, losing in Orlando, 103-98., Brandon Bass logged a career night, but it wasn't enough to hold off the Magic. Read up on his performance here: http://on.nba.com/1aW7bD8, Emily Austen catches up with Jonas Jerebko about playing for Brad Stevens, being prepared for multiple positions and why he likes playing for Boston., They play the same position, but do they play the same way? Marc D'Amico give you some info on rookie point guards Marcus Smart and Elfrid Payton: http://on.nba.com/1DZwyLp, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico preview tonight's matchup between the Celtics and the Magic in today's Amtrak Travel Report., Check out the Celtics DraftKings Stat of the Month!  Play fantasy sports for FREE: http://bit.ly/1zjoIeN, Check out some super slo-mo footage of Tyler Zeller's game-winner against the Utah Jazz courtesy of Comcast SportsNet New England, Want to win 2 tickets to an upcoming Celtics game and receive a tour of the locker room while you’re there? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway now for your chance to win! Enter here: http://bit.ly/arbella, The Celtics talked about how much they look into the standings for a chance to clinch a playoff birth this season., Celtics Cowens Camps presented by adidas are filling up for the summer! Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. Sign up before March 31 and receive 2 complimentary tickets to a Celtics home game this season! 

To sign up, visit: www.celtics.com/camps, The fourth quarter was barely underway on Friday night when Isaiah Thomas took over the game. His personal run sparked the Celtics to an impressive win over the Pelicans, and this is how he did it: http://on.nba.com/1wcJjV6, Emily Austen talks to Evan Turner before tip-off about what the Celtics lose without Avery Bradley and why Jae Crowder is a good replacement in the starting lineup., Brad Stevens explains why he chose Jae Crowder over Isaiah Thomas to start in place of the injured Avery Bradley tonight in New Orleans: http://on.nba.com/1NrHb1v, The Celtics will be put to the test on Friday night as they face Anthony Davis and a Pelicans team that has been flying under the radar this season., Marcus Smart has the most perfect plans to celebrate his 21st birthday tonight. Here's the story: http://on.nba.com/1E0Fvqh, The Celtics are without guard Avery Bradley due to a sprained left elbow for Friday night's matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans., With Avery Bradley's absence on Friday, Boston's starting lineup is in flux. What that means for the C's and more: http://on.nba.com/18XvPmn, An overall team effort, including a team-high 27 points from Isaiah Thomas, helped lead the Celtics to victory over the Pelicans, 104-98., Marcus Smart won Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month honors with improved play across the board, writes Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/1M7VyVa, Jae Crowder high fives elderly adults after a group exercise class at the inaugural combined Jr. and Sr. Celtics event this past weekend presented by New England Baptist Hospital. #NBAFIT, Kelly Olynyk coached shooting drills at the inaugural combined Jr. and Sr. Celtics event this past weekend presented by New England Baptist Hospital. #NBAFIT, Marcus Smart made a perfect inbounds pass to Tyler Zeller for the game-winning layup to beat the Jazz at the buzzer on Wednesday night, 85-84. Hear from Zeller and Smart about their game-winning connection., Brad Stevens drew it up, and Marcus Smart and Tyler Zeller brought it to life. Relive the Celtics' miracle win over the Utah Jazz: http://on.nba.com/1aMhBW1, Marcus Smart found Tyler Zeller under the basket for the game-winning layup to lift the Celtics past the Jazz, 85-84., Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico discuss Boston’s walk-off win over the Jazz that featured a record for the Celtics organization., A buzzer beater, a second-half scoring flurry from a reserve, and a Celtics win. Here's what happened on Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/18Saf2u, Be There for the Next Buzzer Beater. Celtics vs. Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday 3/11! @ 7:30PM. Find seats now: http://bit.ly/1wJBFCn, Although Kelly Olynyk was not able to participate in the Rising Stars Challenge, he still had the opportunity to get out in the community for a fit clinic with some New York youth., The Celtics will wear their Parquet Pride uniforms tonight to honor another great moment in Celtics history. Thirty years ago, Celtics great Kevin McHale scored 56 points versus the Detroit Pistons in a truly dominating fashion. The commemorative McHale shirt and the entire Parquet Pride Collection are available at Celtics.com/Shop. Get your Pride items now and be automatically entered to win great prizes. No purchase necessary to enter. #ParquetPride http://goo.gl/p0dM2H, The Celtics discuss the importance of not getting too low after a tough loss to the Cavs on Tuesday night., The Celtics' worst fears came true Tuesday night, as LeBron James and the Cavs were as hungry as ever for a win: http://on.nba.com/1EiQfkU, The Celtics weren't able to get into a rhythm on either end of the court, and were therefore beaten handily in Cleveland. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about what they need to change., The Celtics jumped out to an early lead against the Cavaliers on Tuesday night, but that lead unraveled quickly when LeBron James took over the game: http://on.nba.com/1F7gA3O, Isaiah Thomas, fresh off of winning Eastern Conference Player of the Week honors, calls the Celtics the "perfect fit." Story here: http://on.nba.com/1BRLuAb, Tyler Zeller talks about what it's like to return to Cleveland and why he thinks Boston is a good fit for him., After facing off in November, both the Celtics and Cavaliers have altered their rosters. Marc discusses those changes, as well as how Evan Turner and the Celtics hope to slow down LeBron James., At Tuesday's shootaround in Cleveland, Celtics guard Isaiah Thomas explains why he was able to win the Eastern Conference Player of the Week award., Getting ready to watch the Celtics take on the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight? We put together a list of what to watch for so you didn't have to: http://on.nba.com/1BRlCEv, Congratulations to Isaiah Thomas, #NBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week!
http://on.nba.com/1BPXt0X, Want to win 2 tickets to an upcoming Celtics game and receive a tour of the locker room while you’re there? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway now for your chance to win! Enter here: http://bit.ly/arbella, The Celtics led the Warriors for most of the game, but lost down the stretch. Although disappointed, Thomas appreciates the heart of this team., The Celtics led by 26 points in the first half but the Warriors adjusted and found a way to take the game, 106-101. Hear what coach Stevens and the players had to say about the loss., What an atmosphere tonight at TD Garden. Boston has undoubtedly bought in on its new Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1GF8sca, The Celtics were on the verge of downing the best team in the league on Sunday night, but Steph Curry used an incredibly efficient night to push the Warriors to a win: http://on.nba.com/1BP8WOu, Head coach Brad Stevens addresses the media before tip-off against the Golden State Warriors to discuss Kelly Olynyk's status, stopping the Warriors and more., Emily Austen catches up with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver at the Celtics-Hornets game about the latest in the league, the Celtics rebuilding process and All-Star weekend in New York., Who are these Celtics? They're the winning Celtics, and they're being led by a trio of new reserves, including Isaiah Thomas: http://on.nba.com/1E5rMB0, Coach Stevens and Celtics big man Kelly Olynyk speak to the media with an update on his recovery., SHARE this post if you’re ready to hear the roar from Celtics fans tomorrow night! Then, snag tickets and experience a game live this season! bit.ly/1zBILnq, A late surge from the second unit lifted the Celtics to their third straight victory as Isaiah Thomas scored a team-high 28 points. Hear from coach Stevens and the players following the win., The Celtics trailed the Hornets by 16 points. Then they did not trail at all. The former statement turned into the latter in a heartbeat on Friday night: http://on.nba.com/1E1iyEe, Listen to coach Stevens just before the Celtics tip off against the Charlotte Hornets at TD Garden., It's a special edition of American Express Home Court Advantage tonight as NBA Commissioner Adam Silver joins us to start the show. And special guest Summer Rae - WWE Universe is scheduled to make a guest appearance as well to promote WWE WrestleMania! Tune in on the mobile app and Celtics.com at 6:30pm EST!, The Celtics talk about how their little practice time has affected them in the last few games., The Celtics are rising toward a playoff push. The Hornets? Not so much. Here's some key info on both teams: http://on.nba.com/1866ips, Survive the rest of winter in Celtics green! Check out Celtics.com/Shop for 20% of all hoodies and jackets, today only. Enter the code SNOW at checkout. http://goo.gl/35joVs
Ends 2/27/15 at 11:59pm PT., Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. 

To enter and for more details, visit: http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., The Celtics beat the Knicks at TD Garden last night. This season, when we win, you win! Take 20% off your purchase at the Celtics Store. Simply enter the code WWYW at checkout! Until 6PM EST only. http://goo.gl/7xc92X, Happy Ticket Thursday! Find $99 Fan Box tickets for Boston vs. Golden State this Sunday: http://on.nba.com/1AOzDz2, Newly acquired Celtic, Jonas Jerebko, talks about his Boston debut and game-high 20 points against the Knicks on Wednesday night., Find out the words exchanged between Marcus Smart and Evan Turner before Turner recorded his first career triple-double in the Celtics blowout win over the Knicks on Wednesday night., Evan Turner notched his first career triple-double, but it was Jonas Jerebko who stole the show during a Celtics blowout win over the New York Knicks: http://on.nba.com/1zJy6aM, Listen as Jared Sullinger addresses the media before the game about his injury., Avery Bradley has been on fire at both ends of the court, as Marc D'Amico mentions ahead of tonight's Celtics-Knicks game: http://on.nba.com/1wpzdRc, In today's Celtics Minute...Emily discusses Brandon Bass' recent success, and whether he if flying under the radar, filling in after injuries have left the Celtics thin in the front court., Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. 

To enter and for more details, visit: http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., Isaiah Thomas shared his thoughts about getting a victory over his former Suns team and contributing 21 points and seven assists for the Celtics., Who will lead the Celtics in scoring during tomorrow’s epic matchup between the Boston Celtics  and the New York Knicks? Share with us then snag tickets to tomorrow's game! bit.ly/1zBILnq, Isaiah Thomas was brilliant during crunch time Monday night in Phoenix, helping push Boston to victory just one night removed from being ejected in his first game in green: http://on.nba.com/1FRMzZk, Celtics point guard Isaiah Thomas talks to the media about picking up two straight technicals and being ejected in the Celtics loss to the Lakers on Sunday night., Isaiah Thomas was with the Suns just four days ago, but the Celtics didn't ask him for any inside info for tonight's game in Phoenix: http://on.nba.com/1JEOyDg, Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU
#RideAmtrak, Brad Stevens has shortened his rotation the past two games. Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss the ramifications of that decision as the C's enter tonight's game against the Suns., Head coach Brad Stevens admitted that the Celtics' size hurt them at times in the loss to the Lakers on Sunday night but he's more focused on improving in one specific area defensively., The Celtics held on to beat the Suns, 115-110, on Monday night as Avery Bradley's hot hand continued with a game-high 23 points., Isaiah Thomas made a strong first impression with the Celtics, but he wasn't available when they needed him most: http://on.nba.com/1FihvOO, A clutch shot by Avery Bradley and a career night from Jae Crowder helped push the Celtics into overtime on Sunday night. The loss of two of Boston's top players, though, stopped the C's from leaving STAPLES Center with a win. Read more: http://on.nba.com/1DbeQXr, Brad Stevens jokes about how well - or maybe not so well - he and Isaiah Thomas know each other: http://on.nba.com/1AzKaya, Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU
#RideAmtrak, Bad news became even worse for the Celtics, as they learned Saturday night that Jared Sullinger is done for the season. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1wdU6if, Emily Austen gets an exclusive one-on-one with new Celtic Isaiah Thomas about how he found out the trade news, why his game complements rookie Marcus Smart and what he knows about Brad Stevens., In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily and Marc discuss how Jared Sullinger's foot injury hurts the team and how the Celtics plan to fill his shoes for the rest of the season., Avery Bradley hit a three at the buzzer to force overtime but the Celtics were unable to stop the Lakers down the stretch, 118-111., The Celtics are set to take on the Lakers tonight at 9:30 p.m. Here's what to watch for when the two storied franchises tip off: http://on.nba.com/1wcWR3p, The Celtics refused to use the lengthy All-Star break as an excuse, but they looked rusty in Sacramento: http://on.nba.com/1w8dtJv, Avery Bradley nearly shot the Celtics into the win column on Friday night, but his hot hand wasn't enough to counter DeMarcus Cousins and the Kings. Here's what happened: http://on.nba.com/17kR14g, Brad Stevens couldn't discuss Isaiah Thomas, Jonas Jerebko and Luigi Datome on Thursday. He was able to do so tonight, and Marc D'Amico has the report right here: http://on.nba.com/17Ct1cA, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss how the Celtics will handle the challenge of having only 10 available bodies tonight in Sacramento., Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU
#RideAmtrak, Emily Austen explains what Danny Ainge said about Isaiah Thomas and rookie Marcus Smart in the backcourt together., Lucky the Leprechaun takes you behind the scenes with the Celtics Dunk Team! Visit celtics.com/Optum for Optum healthy tips! #playingforhealthier, Despite a hot hand from Avery Bradley, the short-handed Celtics were unable to stop the Kings on Friday night., Who's excited to see Isaiah Thomas in green? While you wait, check out highlights from his time with the Kings and Suns., The Celtics' acquisition of Isaiah Thomas was an absolute no-brainer. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1zS8TK4, Emily and Marc discuss how the Celtics were one of the many teams that made last minute deals before the trade deadline, including acquiring guard Isaiah Thomas., The Celtics explain how they deal with teammates coming and going throughout the season while Jared Sullinger talks about his injured foot., Here is more information on Jared Sullinger's foot injury and how much time he's expected to miss: http://on.nba.com/1BslHgX, Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. 

To enter and for more details, visit:   http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., Before practice in Sacramento on Wednesday, the Celtics talked about how they are approaching the trade deadline., Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. To enter and for more details, visit:   http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., Some consider Danny Ainge a 'gunslinger GM' when it comes to trade deadline moves, but how accurate is that assessment? Here's your answer: http://on.nba.com/19texgK, Lucky Learns to fly at Trapeze School New York (TSNY) Boston!  Visit celtics.com/Optum for Optum healthy tips! #playingforhealthier, Check out the official Celtics Store for a special Friday the 13th sale now! http://goo.gl/znpC62, At the Rising Stars Challenge practice, Kelly Olynyk talks about how his sprained ankle is progressing and when he hopes to return., Canadian Kelly Olynyk addresses the media before Team World’s practice to start the list of events for rookies and sophomores in the Rising Stars Challenge., Emily Austen caught up with Kelly Olynyk and had a chance to ask him what it feels like to be selected for the second straight year to the BBVA Rising Stars World Team., Kelly Olynyk shares what it means to him to be a part of the Rising Stars Challenge, to represent Team World and to participate in the buzz around All-Star weekend in New York., In today's Benrus #SocialCeltics, Emily takes a look at some of the Celtics' recent fashion trends amidst the snowstorms in Boston., We hope you enjoyed Evan Turner's near buzzer-beater that helped Boston get the win over the Atlanta Hawks last night. This season, when we win, you win! Take 20% off your purchase at the Celtics Store. Simply enter the code WWYW at checkout! Until 6PM EST only. http://goo.gl/7xc92X, Happy Birthday to 11x NBA Champion Bill Russell!, The Celtics may have beaten the Hawks on a near buzzer-beater, but Boston credits its defense as the driving force of their come from behind victory., Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the hot seat! Enter today for a chance to win dinner with a Celtics Legend plus tickets to an upcoming home game and a behind the scenes tour of TD Garden. 

To enter and for more details, visit:   http://www.celtics.com/promotions/2015-dunkin-donuts-vip

Dunkin’ Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., Emily discusses Evan Turner's floater in the lane that catapulted the Celtics to an 89-88 win over the Hawks. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about where their confidence stands heading into the All-Star break., An ice-cold start seemed to dispel any notion that the Celtics could grab a win over the Eastern Conference-leading Hawks on Wednesday. As the late minutes of the game wore on, a victory seemed more and more likely. And then... http://on.nba.com/1ChXwj3, Evan Turner hits the game winning shot to complete an improbable comeback and upset the first place Atlanta Hawks., Listen to Evan Turner just before tip off as the Celtics host the Hawks., Listen to coach Stevens moments before the Celtics host the East leading Hawks at TD Garden., Here's how the Celtics can take down the East-leading Hawks tonight: http://on.nba.com/1z7SulP, The Celtics have one more game to get past before heading into All-Star break, but it’s not going to be an easy opponent to beat., The Celtics played great defense down the stretch against the Bucks on Saturday night, but what could they have done differently to get the crunch time win?, EXPERIENCE a game live this season! Feel the ROAR from the crowd Celtics fans! Great seats are available for tomorrow night’s game vs. the Atlanta Hawks! bit.ly/1zBILnq, Treat the Celtics ladies in your life to something green this Valentine's Day! The Celtics Store is offering 20% off all women's apparel and accessories now. Just enter the code LOVE20 during check out. http://goo.gl/Y3gGhB 
Offer ends Thursday at 11:59PM PT., Want to attend an upcoming Boston Celtics practice and receive a private tour of the Practice Facility? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway for your chance to win! For more information and to enter, visit: http://bit.ly/15XjbBg, Marc D’Amico reports from Milwaukee, where a Brandon Knight nailed a dagger of a jump shot that helped to end Boston’s three-game win streak., Ahead of tonight's tip-off in Milwaukee, Marc D'Amico catches up with Evan Turner to talk about Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo., In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Marc D’Amico previews tonight’s game between the Celtics and Bucks, two teams that have improved drastically since a season ago., Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU
#RideAmtrak, Emily discusses the Celtics 11-point win over the 76ers at TD Garden on Friday night. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about their three game winning streak, and what they believe has them in a good groove., Jared Sullinger dominated the fourth quarter to push the Celtics to a wire-to-wire win over Philly: http://on.nba.com/1zqKpw9, Celtics Forward Gerald Wallace stood along the New England Patriots #SuperBowl parade route, enjoying the festivities as a fan., Tune in tonight on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app for American Express Home Court Advantage tonight at 6:30 PM EST as we interview rookie guard Marcus Smart live!
http://www.celtics.com/app, The Celtics look to win three in a row and hand the Sixers their eighth straight road loss on Friday night., Want to attend an upcoming Boston Celtics practice and receive a private tour of the Practice Facility? Enter the Arbella Insurance  Ultimate Giveaway for your chance to win! For more information and to enter, please visit: http://bit.ly/15XjbBg, Last chance to enter! ALEX AND ANI  is bringing you the chance to travel with the team as a VIP!  You and a guest could join the Boston Celtics when they travel south to take on the Orlando Magic and the Miami Heat. You'll also receive a Shopping Spree at ALEX AND ANI Winter Park.
For more information and to enter, visit: http://bit.ly/1DuLeDZ, Check out Lucky and Boston Bruins mascot, Blades, as they get fit and star in the #FiscalFit challenge with TD Bank. Click here to see the video: http://youtu.be/05UedGeRj3g, The Celtics have found success during stints of playing smaller units together. Find out how Marcus Thornton and his teammates feel about the experiment in today's Celtics Minute., We hope you enjoyed Boston's win over the Denver Nuggets last night. This season, when we win, you win! Take 20% off your purchase at the Celtics Store. Simply enter the code WWYW at checkout! Until 3PM EST only. http://goo.gl/7xc92X, Check out the DraftKings Stat of the Month!  Play fantasy sports for FREE: http://bit.ly/1zjoIeN, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics win over the Nuggets, Jared Sullinger's performance off the bench, and whether the Celtics can head into the All-Star break on a winning streak., The Celtics gutted out a 104-100 win over the Nuggets on Wednesday night. Coach Stevens and the players discuss the hustle plays that helped them secure the victory at TD Garden., It was only fitting that Super Bowl hero Malcolm Butler was sitting courtside when the Celtics did their best impression of him to defeat the visiting Nuggets on Wednesday night. Here's how it happened: http://on.nba.com/1zaZmgT, Gerald Wallace talks about his experience at Wednesday's Super Bowl champion parade for the Patriots., Brad Stevens talks about how the Celtics responded to the change in momentum when the Knicks made it a four-point game at the start of the fourth quarter., The Celtics beat the Knicks in New York last night, and when we win, you win! Take 20% off your purchase at the Celtics Store. Simply enter the code WWYW at checkout! Until 3PM EST only. http://goo.gl/7xc92X, The Celtics didn't just win Tuesday night in New York. They won because of their young and talented first-round picks: on.nba.com/1CYlReT, Brad Stevens tinkered with his starting lineup prior to Tuesday night's clash with the Knicks, and it paid off in a very big way: http://on.nba.com/18M4aEm, The Celtics jumped out to an early start and never trailed the Knicks in route to a 108-97 victory where Avery Bradley scored a game-high 26 points., Head coach Brad Stevens addresses the media before the Celtics take on the Knicks to discuss the changes to the starting lineup, James Young's improvements and more., Brad Stevens goes through with wholesale changes to his starting lineup. Here are the details: http://on.nba.com/1vrc1l2, In today’s Amtrak Travel Report, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico answer the question of who needs to guard Carmelo Anthony now that Jeff Green is no longer a Celtic., Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU
#RideAmtrak, Brad Stevens is considering a change to his starting lineup for tonight's game against he Knicks. More details here: http://on.nba.com/1uUI8E5, The Celtics missed veteran Tayshaun Prince in Sunday's loss to the Heat. How has he been able to provide a voice from the sideline and what's his message to the guys to win more games?, At shootaround in New York, Brad Stevens reacts to the Patriots winning Super Bowl XLIX and what stood out to him in the game., Want to attend an actual Boston Celtics practice and receive a private tour of the Practice Facility? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway for your chance to win! For more information and to enter, please visit: http://bit.ly/15XjbBg, Emily discusses why Tayshaun Prince didn't play against the Heat on Sunday, and what his injury status is moving forward., Emily reports on the Celtics 83-75 loss at the hands of the Miami Heat at TD Garden., Marc and Emily discuss the Celtics slow start, Marcus Smart getting time with the 1st unit to start the 2nd half, and how Miami's Hassan Whiteside was able to continue to stuff the stat sheet., Good luck to the New England Patriots in tonight's AZ Super Bowl! #DoYourJob #FinishTheJob #SB49, The Celtics looked like a completely different team during the second half for the second consecutive game, mainly in part to Avery Bradley finally hitting his stride. It wasn't enough, however, to push Boston past Miami on Sunday: http://on.nba.com/1zsX5RT, The Celtics, including guard Avery Bradley, went out to Mario Umana Middle School in East Boston to discuss the importance of education through the Stay in School program., Marc D'Amico catches up with Andre Dawkins about his 10-day contract with the Celtics and his time in Maine with the Red Claws., Brad Stevens discusses the adjustment to Boston's starting lineup, James Young's performance in Maine, Chris Bosh's role on the Heat., The Celtics will be wearing their Parquet Pride uniforms today to honor great moments in Celtics history. Fifty-five years ago, Celtics great Bill Russell grabbed 51 rebounds versus the Syracuse Nationals, and Houdini of the Hardwood, Bob Cousy, scored 46 points against the New York Knicks. The commemorative Russell and Cousy shirts and the entire Parquet Pride Collection are available at Celtics.com/Shop. Get your Pride items now and be automatically entered to win great prizes. No purchase necessary to enter. #ParquetPride http://goo.gl/oTkhl8, Unusual circumstances led to their meeting. Here's how Avery Bradley became friends with this #SuperBowl star: on.nba.com/1Lx8vKP, Jared Sullinger talks about being the focal point of Boston's offense and what he's working on to get back on track with his shooting., SHARE this post if you’re ready to hear the roar from Celtics fans tomorrow! Then, snag tickets and experience a game live at the Garden! bit.ly/1zBILnq, Emily breaks down what led to the Celtics 93-87 loss to the Rockets at TD Garden. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about the difference in their performance in the 2nd half., Brad Stevens delivered an inspiring message to his team at haltime, but the comeback that it sparked fell short: http://on.nba.com/1A9vfgb, The Celtics are back off the road and home at @TDGarden and that means American Express Home Court Advantage is back! Tune in live on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app at 6:30 pm EST for all the latest from pregame., Former Celtics Leon Powe and Dana Barros lead YMCA students in exercises and talked to them about eating healthy., Listen to coach Brad Stevens as the Celtics return home to host James Harden and the Houston Rockets., The Celtics are back in Boston from a lengthy road trip to host a Rockets team that is without Dwight Howard on Friday night., Our friends at Mohegan Sun are sporting green for tonight’s game, we love it!, The Celtics host the Rockets and their leading MVP candidate tonight, but Houston will missing a key piece: http://on.nba.com/1A6Ub84, Have you been stuck inside all week? Come out to TD Garden this weekend for two great matchups! Deal valid until 6 p.m. ET tonight: http://on.nba.com/1zFsyUa, With their six-game road trip finally in the books, the Celtics sum up the challenge they faced out West., EXPERIENCE a game live this season! Feel the ROAR from the crowd of Celtics fans! Great seats are available for tomorrow night’s game! bit.ly/1zBILnq, Boston's bench nearly brought the team back from a 13-point deficit Wednesday night in Minnesota., The Celtics entered the halftime locker room with a one-point lead on Wednesday night, but things changed quickly when the third quarter started. Read up on how Minnesota managed to take down Boston with our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1wCHQ4d, Brad Stevens gives his reaction to Kelly Olynyk being chosen as a Rising Star and Marcus Smart being snubbed: on.nba.com/1Br42kG, Listen to coach Brad Stevens before the Celtics prepare to conclude their six-game road trip as they take on the Minnesota Timberwolves at the Target Center., Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU. #RideAmtrak, Marc D’Amico brings you today’s Amtrak Travel Report, which includes Boston's take on why Andrew Wiggins is averaging nearly 20 points per game over the last month., Brad Stevens and Avery Bradley discuss Minnesota’s unique starting lineup that includes two centers, two small forwards and a shoot-first point guard., ALEX AND ANI is bringing you the chance to travel with the team as a VIP! You and a guest could join the Boston Celtics when they travel south to take on the Orlando Magic and the Miami Heat. You'll also receive a Shopping Spree at ALEX AND ANI Winter Park.
For more information and to enter, visit: http://bit.ly/1DuLeDZ, The Celtics kept their composure and beat the Jazz on Monday night thanks to big plays down the stretch from Tyler Zeller., The Celtics used a hot hand from Tayshaun Prince and a team effort down the stretch to top the Jazz on Monday night., You can't overstate what the Celtics just accomplished. It left one veteran player calling the feat "special": on.nba.com/1uWdbFb, After the Celtics saw their 24-point lead sliced to just four against the Jazz on Monday night, it would have been easy to fold. They chose not to, and it was a steadying veteran presence that led the way: http://on.nba.com/1H3mCaQ, Emily Austen sits down with Marcus Smart before the Celtics face the Jazz to discuss his thoughts on Utah point guard Dante Exum, rookie James Young's progress and more., Marcus Smart is back with the Celtics tonight, but his one-game absence was another example of Boston's first-class ways: on.nba.com/15DLPHG, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico talk about the opportunity the Celtics have during the final two contests of their six-game road trip., Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU. #RideAmtrak, Veteran Gerald Wallace hasn't seen many minutes this season but he didn't look rusty for the Celtics on Sunday night., The Celtics made a late push after being down 10 points to the Warriors with 36 seconds to play but Boston fell short, 114-111., Of the three big men who took the floor for Boston in its Sunday night loss to Golden State, one stood above the rest: http://on.nba.com/1zedeh5, Emily Austen gets an exclusive 1-on-1 interview with Jae Crowder about Golden State's threats, Klay Thompson's historic third quarter and the Celtics chances to make the playoffs., We finally got Brad Stevens' reaction to Klay Thompson's 37-point quarter. Here it is: on.nba.com/1wwU0LU, Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU. #RideAmtrak, In today’s Amtrak Travel Report, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico talk about Boston’s challenge of facing Golden State without Marcus Smart and Kelly Olynyk., A myriad of issues have cut Boston's lineup to just 12 available players when it takes on Golden State tonight. Read what that means for the C's, plus their outlook on slowing down the Splash Brothers with Watch It! - Celtics at Warriors: http://on.nba.com/1BpNxaT, The Celtics just logged an improbable sweep of a back-to-back out West. Here's how they did it: on.nba.com/1yUKQgF, For the second straight night, it was a nail biter for the Celtics as they hold on to beat the Nuggets by one point in the second night of a back-to-back., Two games, two starts, two Key Player of the Game appearances. Brandon Bass is on a roll: http://on.nba.com/1D1sEmq, Emily Austen catches up with Tyler Zeller before tip-off in Denver to discuss the advantages he has coming off the bench, playing at a high altitude and how his role changes with an injured Kelly Olynyk., You'll get a laugh out of the Pepsi Center's welcome message to the Celtics. That, plus Brad Stevens' take on Denver's elevation, here: on.nba.com/1yTS0la, Brandon Bass got his first start in 282 days Thursday night. Marc D'Amico predicts that Bass won't be waiting long for another one: on.nba.com/1yTsVHd, Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak to see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, please visit: http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU #RideAmtrak, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico discuss the challenges of playing in Denver on the second night of a back-to-back., Boston signed Andre Dawkins to a 10-day contract on Friday. Emily Austen tells you more about the guard in today's Celtics Minute., Today is the last day to enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway: Enter to win two tickets and attend Coach Stevens’ post-game Press Conference at an upcoming Celtics game! For more information and to enter, visit: http://on.nba.com/1y5l2ku, Check out Lucky the Leprechaun at Sky Zone Everett working on his dunk skills!  Visit celtics.com/Optum for Optum healthy tips! #playingforhealthier, Evan Turner? Yeah, he's clutch. And as a result, the Celtics have a monkey off their back: on.nba.com/1yBdPY3, The Celtics needed every second of Thursday night's game in Portland to beat the Trail Blazers as Evan Turner hit a game-winning three to seal the deal, 90-89., Sometimes a mistake can turn into a miracle, as the Celtics proved with their game-winning play Thursday night: on.nba.com/1yLPE9y, Brandon Bass shares his thoughts before tip-off against the Trail Blazers after Brad Stevens announced Bass is starting over center Tyler Zeller against Portland on Thursday night., Listen to Coach Brad Stevens moments before the Celtics take on the Trail Blazers in Portland., Brandon Bass is in, Tyler Zeller is out. Brad Stevens explains the reasoning for his starting lineup change: on.nba.com/1uAe2el, Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak to see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, please visit: http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU #RideAmtrak, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico report from Portland, where the Celtics may make a lineup change tonight., ALEX AND ANI is bringing you the shot to take a Celtics trip of a lifetime! You and a guest could join the Boston Celtics when they travel south to take on the Orlando Magic and the Miami Heat.  You'll also receive a Shopping Spree at ALEX AND ANI Winter Park.
For more information and to enter, visit: http://bit.ly/1DuLeDZ, Jared Sullinger says the Celtics have learned their lesson of taking star-less teams lightly. Brad Stevens says the C's are 'in trouble' if they do: on.nba.com/1uo7jhT, It's Ticket Thursday, and that means great deals for Celtics fans all day long!

Today's deal gives you two options to get to TD Garden on February 25 to watch the Celtics take on the New York Knicks.

Choose your pack and Be There! Deal expires at midnight: http://on.nba.com/1t2yMdD, Portland may be without two of its starters tonight when it hosts Boston at the Moda Center. How might that affect the game? Find the answer and more in today's Watch It! - Celtics at Trail Blazers: http://on.nba.com/1yMIJvg, The Celtics discuss how the game changes with their perimeter shooting against the good Trail Blazers three-point defense., Why did the Celtics spend four days in LA? This explains it all: on.nba.com/1umK9IM, Want to win two tickets and attend Coach Steven’s post-game Press Conference at an upcoming Celtics game? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway for your chance to win! For more information and to enter, visit: http://on.nba.com/1y5l2ku, Despite the loss, the Celtics' second unit fought its way back into the game against the Clippers on Monday afternoon after trailing 23 points in the third quarter., It's about time to stop questioning Marcus Smart's 3-point shooting. He sizzled again on Monday, this time in LA: on.nba.com/1B9OHqU, The Celtics fought back from a 23-point third quarter deficit but were unable to complete the comeback and fell to the Clippers, 102-93., Three-pointers can shoot a team back into a game, and they can also shoot a team out of a game. The C's experienced both sides of that phrase against the Clippers Monday afternoon: http://on.nba.com/1B9AJp4, Enter to win the ultimate Celtics road trip Powered by Amtrak and see the Celtics vs. the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center on March 23. To enter and for official rules, visit http://bit.ly/1sV2LUU. #RideAmtrak, In this Amtrak Travel Report, Emily Austen caught up with Evan Turner before tip-off about facing the Clippers' starting five, matching up against Chris Paul and the Celtics' newest additions., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics take on the Clippers at the Staples Center., What was it like for Doc Rivers to negotiate with Danny Ainge over his son, Austin Rivers? Doc tells you here: on.nba.com/1yAWRdW, Newly acquired Forward Tayshaun Prince speaks about MLK Day and it's importance in the NBA community., There's a lot to look forward to in today's matinee matchup between Boston and Los Angeles. Celtics.com's Marc D'Amico breaks it all down for you with Watch It! - Celtics at Clippers: http://on.nba.com/1yzmRU1, Tayshaun Prince and Shavlik Randolph are happy to be with the Celtics, but their lives were jolted by mid-season trades: on.nba.com/1zqovKv, New Celtics Tayshaun Prince and Shavlik Randolph joined the team in LA and addressed the media for the first time at practice on Sunday., Dana White, the President of UFC, stopped by the set of our American Express Homecourt Advantage pregame show to talk about UFC Fight Night: McGregor vs. Siver, which will be hosted at TD Garden at 10 p.m. Sunday night., Before UFC Fight Night 59 in Boston at TD Garden on Sunday night, Conor McGregor and Lucky the Leprechaun stepped into the octagon for their own Battle of the Irish! #UFCBoston, Want to win two tickets and attend Coach Steven’s post-game Press Conference at an upcoming Celtics game? Enter the Arbella Insurance Ultimate Giveaway for your chance to win! For more information and to enter, visit: http://on.nba.com/1y5l2ku, It was a three-point game early in the 4th but the Celtics couldn't find a way to stop the Bulls as Chicago won big, 119-103. Find out what Coach Stevens and the players had to say after the game., The Celtics and Bulls were neck-and-neck for most of Friday night's matchup, but a desperation 3-pointer helped spark a late run for Chicago. Read our Ford Keys to the Game for the full scoop: http://on.nba.com/157DFYy, Jared Sullinger takes you through his third-annual clothing drive, which has now raised more than 10 tons of donations., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics host the Bulls for the final time this season., Tune in on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app at 6:30 pm for a special American Express Home Court Advantage. #UFC President Dana White joins the show to talk about his love for the Celtics and the big #UFCBoston card at TD Garden this Sunday night., The Celtics take on the Bulls for the fourth time Friday night. But Chicago deals with the injury bug again. Find out which starter is out for the Bulls tonight., Joakim Noah is out for the Bulls tonight. Is that a good or a bad thing for Jared Sullinger? Marc D'Amico discusses here: on.nba.com/1sGRCGY, TICKET THURSDAY DEAL: The Boston Celtics will play Derrick Rose and the Chicago Bulls tomorrow night at TD Garden.  Don't miss this Friday night matchup. Buy today and Be There tomorrow!

Tickets starting at $43.

Enter the promo code BETHERE: http://bit.ly/1yn7jnZ, In today's Practice Report, Marc D'Amico discusses the Celtics ability to play with the Bulls in their three previous match ups this season, and updates you on the team's sicknesses and injury., Who will lead the Celtics in scoring during tomorrow’s matchup between Boston and Chicago? Share with us then snag tickets to the next game! 
http://www.ticketmaster.com/Boston-Celtics-tickets/artist/805903?brand=celtics&extcmp=gw500447&wt.mc_id=NBATEAM_BOS_FACEBOOK, In an effort to support those in need during the winter season, Jared Sullinger is challenging Celtics fans to donate seven or more gently used clothing items to Morgan Memorial Goodwill Industries on Thursday night., The Hawks proved why they're the hottest team in the East with a collective win over the Celtics on Wednesday night, 105-91. Hear what coach Stevens and the players had to say after the game., Marcus Smart had a solid all-around game on Wednesday night, but it wasn't enough to push the Celtics past the East-leading Hawks. Read our Ford Keys to the Game for a detailed breakdown: http://on.nba.com/1IMq3hy, Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics tip off against the first place Hawks at TD Garden., The Celtics face a hot Hawks team that comes to Boston riding a nine-game winning streak on Wednesday night. Brad Stevens explains why Atlanta is playing so well together this season., Marc D'Amico tells you what to watch out for during tonight's Celtics vs. Hawks game: on.nba.com/1BqaU5l, In today's Benrus #SocialCeltics, the Celtics celebrate seeing family and friends on the road., ALEX AND ANI is bringing you the shot to take a Boston Celtics trip of a lifetime! You and a guest could join the Boston Celtics on their private team charter when they head south to take on the Orlando Magic and Miami Heat. The lucky winner will also receive a shopping spree at ALEX AND ANI Winter Park in Orlando. 
For more information, please visit: http://bit.ly/1DuLeDZ, Ainge called Jae Crowder "undervalued" when the Celtics acquired the small forward last month. Crowder is proving that moniker to be true: http://on.nba.com/1AXmLsE, Today the Boston Celtics and  Sun Life Financial U.S. announced the tip-off of "Fit  to Win," a program aimed at improving the health and well-being of young people throughout the City of Boston, as well as promoting diabetes education.  Throughout the program, children in grades 3-6 of YMCA of Greater Boston will participate in daily workouts, and be encouraged to maintain a nutritious diet and make healthy lifestyle choices! Learn more at www.celtics.com/SunLifeFitToWin, The Celtics discuss Marcus Smart's improved shooting percentages and the emphasis they've put on defense., Hey Celtics fans! Come out to support Jared Sullinger on Thursday, January 15 as he teams up with Morgan Memorial Goodwill Industries to host his 3rd annual clothing drive. Hope to see you there!, Jared Sullinger led the Celtics with a double-double in their 108-100 win over the Pelicans. Coach Stevens explains what it was that made him successful., After the Celtics 108-100 win over the Pelicans at TD Garden, Emily discusses this team's fight, as well as the performances of Crowder and Sullinger., Jared Sullinger plays his best against the best. He did it again on Monday. Could he eventually be one of the best himself? on.nba.com/1ye0svk, Anthony Davis attempted to take over the fourth quarter and lead New Orleans to a W on Monday night, but Jared Sullinger had other ideas: http://on.nba.com/1AKAiBd, The Brandon Bass Reach Back Foundation, in partnership with the Boston Celtics and Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston, held a music competition to give youth the opportunity to perform for Brandon Bass, Marcus Thornton and Phil Pressey., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics host the Pelicans at TD Garden., Arbella Insurance wants to award one lucky Celtics fan the Ultimate Giveaway! Enter below for a chance to win a pair of Celtics tickets to an upcoming home game as well as attend Coach Stevens' Press Conference after the game. For more information and to enter, please visit: http://on.nba.com/1y5l2ku, Want to find out what the Celtics acquired in the three-team trade this morning? Check out today's Celtics Minute., Danny Ainge is addicted to stockpiling assets. He fed that addiction again on Monday morning by completing a three-team trade with the Memphis Grizzlies and New Orleans Pelicans: http://on.nba.com/1FLLBie, SHARE this post if you’re ready to hear the roar from Celtics fans tomorrow night! Then, snag tickets and experience a game live! http://www.ticketmaster.com/Boston-Celtics-tickets/artist/805903?brand=celtics&extcmp=gw500447&wt.mc_id=NBATEAM_BOS_FACEBOOK, The Celtics outplayed the Raptors for a quarter and a half, but then fatigue set in. Game story here: on.nba.com/1FGrtOH, The Celtics jumped out to a good start but weren't able to maintain the pressure on the Raptors to get the win on Saturday night., Emily Austen gets an exclusive one-on-one interview with Jae Crowder, who was moved to the starting lineup Friday night, about how his role has changed on this team., Brad Stevens was asked before tonight's game what the Celtics' goals are. Here's his answer: http://on.nba.com/1xWmBzM, Emily and Marc discuss the Raptors recent struggles, possible changes to Toronto's lineup and the Celtics' reaction to recent moves., Despite a trade between Boston and Phoenix before tip-off, the Celtics didn't seem too distracted in their fight back to force overtime with the Pacers but ended up falling to Indiana, 107-103., Two pregame roster decisions left Brad Stevens describing Friday night as "unique." Yes, very unique, to say the least: http://on.nba.com/14DjUap, The Celtics had several opportunities to leave Indiana with a win on Friday, but they came up just short in overtime. Read how it all went down in our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1tSzWUj, Brandon Wright talks to the media right after his trade to the Phoenix Suns became official., Emily Austen catches up with Jared Sullinger to discuss Wednesday's win over the Nets, preparing for the Pacers and what kind of challenge it is to defend Roy Hibbert., Marc D'Amico's pregame post ups: Brandan Wright trade opens the door for James Young: on.nba.com/1BJYchR, Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics take on the Pacers in Indianapolis., How important is tonight's game for the Celtics? Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss in today's Amtrak Travel Report., Will the Pacers be Hilbert-led or Hibbert-less when they host the Celtics at 7 p.m. tonight? Only Indiana knows for sure. Here's the full story: http://on.nba.com/1tTAU8p, Evan Turner plays his first game as a visitor back in Indiana after playing the second half of last season with the Pacers., The Celtics will take on the Pacers at 7 p.m. tonight in Indiana. What should you be watching for in tonight's game? Read the breakdown here: http://on.nba.com/1w5tQ2C, ALEX AND ANI is bringing you the shot to take a Celtics trip of a lifetime! You and a guest could join the Boston Celtics on their private team charter when they head south to take on the Orlando Magic and Miami Heat. The lucky winner will also receive a shopping spree at the local Alex and Ani in Orlando. For more information, please visit:  http://bit.ly/1DuLeDZ, Avery Bradley not only made an impact on the defensive end but scored a game-high 21 points to help lead the Celtics to victory over the Nets., Today’s Forecast: 15° = $15 Tickets. Use code "BETHERE" for great seats against the Atlanta Hawks and New Orleans Pelicans. http://on.nba.com/1xLu2tm, Join the Celtics Road Rally team this Friday night at Stadium Sports Bar & Grill in Quincy, MA to watch the Celtics take on the Indiana Pacers. The event is for fans 21 and older, the festivities begin on Friday, January 9 at 6:30 p.m. with tip off at 7:00 p.m. For more information on the event, check out the Road Rally page on Celtics.com. 
http://www.nba.com/celtics/promotions/miller-lite-road-rally, The Celtics were down early to the Nets but responded with effort plays to get a win over Brooklyn on Wednesday night, 89-81., The Celtics desperately needed a win Wednesday night. So what'd they do? They went out and earned one: on.nba.com/1tQ3BDe, Brad Stevens delivered a challenge to his team prior to Wednesday night's game in Brooklyn. Avery Bradley and the rest of the Celtics responded with a win: http://on.nba.com/1tPJlkX, Emily Austen gets James Young's reaction after Brad Stevens announced that he's inactive for Wednesday night's matchup against the Nets., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics tip off against the Nets in Brooklyn., Decisions, decisions. Brad Stevens discusses his inactive list and how close James Young is to breaking into the lineup: on.nba.com/1AH6h6K, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss several key numbers heading into tonight's matchup between the Celtics and Nets., Brad Stevens turned Tuesday's light practice into an all-out session in hopes of lighting a fire under his team. Here's why and how: http://on.nba.com/1tKl4Hr, Head coach Brad Stevens explains why this is an important road trip for the Celtics and whether or not he plans to play James Young again tonight., The C's will look to turn things around against the Nets tonight in Brooklyn. Here's what to watch for: http://on.nba.com/1Dxz4KC, Emily Austen reports from Tuesday's practice, where the Celtics discuss their effort level in recent games., Following Monday night's loss to the Hornets, some Celtics players claimed that they are to blame for their lackluster play of late. Brad Stevens is having none of it: http://on.nba.com/1xPc3Rn, The Celtics are fighting to get a win after dropping three straight but there are a few performances to highlight during Boston's tough stretch., The Celtics came up short to the Hornets, 104-95, on Monday night but rookie James Young provided a spark on offense., James Young has been trekking from Boston to Maine and back on the regular. The hard work finally paid off Monday night http://on.nba.com/1BCuzg5, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics slow start, and rookie James Young's impact in his first extended playing time of the season, playing nearly 18 minutes., The Celtics expected Kemba Walker to be a threat on Monday night, and the former UConn star's performance pushed Charlotte past Boston: http://on.nba.com/1tKM13i, Listen to James Young as he speaks to the media before tonight's game., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics tip off against the Hornets at TD Garden., A couple of the newest Celtics Dancers presented by ALEX AND ANI received makeovers at G20 Spa & Salon before tipping off the season. Check out their transformation!, Tonight is Seats for Soldiers Night presented by the Army National Guard of Massachusetts and New Hampshire. Thanks to Celtics Season Ticket Members, Corporate Partners and staff we’ve donated over 1,700 tickets to enlisted military members for tonight’s game. #GoGuard, The Celtics and Hornets collide at 7:30 p.m. tonight. Here's what to watch out for, including a matchup between two brothers: on.nba.com/1BrkpRu, Check out the DraftKings Stat of the Month!  Play fantasy sports for FREE: http://bit.ly/1zjoIeN, James Young brings you up to speed on his injuries, his trips to Maine, and his New Year’s Resolution for 2015., In tonight's Postgame Report, Emily discusses the Celtics OT loss to the Bulls in Chicago and highlights Evan Turner's 29-point performance., In tonight's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily Austen catches up with Jae Crowder about how tonight's game plan changes without Mike Dunleavy and Jimmy Butler and what Crowder brings off the bench., Head Coach Brad Stevens visits Dana Farber Cancer Institute and discusses why he and his family have become major supporters of cancer research., Rajon Rondo led Dallas to victory with a game-high 29 points in his first return to Boston as a Maverick., Rajon Rondo doesn't have to prove anything to Celtics fans, but on Friday night, he played like he did: http://on.nba.com/1D1ovC3, This video tribute to Rajon Rondo was played at the end of the 1st quarter during his return to TD Garden with the Mavericks., Emily discusses former Celtics PG Rajon's Rondo's return to TD Garden as Boston prepares to host Dallas tonight., Rajon Rondo makes his return to TD Garden tonight. That, plus some potential offensive fireworks, will make this game fun to watch: on.nba.com/1tHugC3, Rajon Rondo, who will play the Celtics for the first time tonight, speaks to the media following Mavs shootaround Friday morning at TD Garden., To tip off the New Year, the Celtics will be wearing their Parquet Pride uniforms tonight to honor great moments in Celtics history like Red Auerbach’s #2 being retired to the rafters 30 years ago. The commemorative Red Auerbach shirt and the entire Parquet Pride Collection is available at Celtics.com/Shop. Get your Pride items now and be automatically entered to win great prizes. No purchase necessary to enter. #ParquetPride http://goo.gl/o2Nd2r, SHARE this post if you’re ready to hear the roar from Celtics fans tomorrow night! Then, snag tickets and experience a game live this season! http://bit.ly/1vKsnzr, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics 106-84 win over the Kings at TD Garden highlighting the team's cohesiveness, the Nelson-Smart combo, and ejection of DeMarcus Cousins., Brad Stevens used Monday and Tuesday's practices to figure out a rotation. He shook things up on Wednesday and it worked like a charm: on.nba.com/1CU3oRY, The Celtics dominated the Kings for a 22-point win. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about how the Celtics were able to contain DeMarcus Cousins and how the past two days of practice gave the team a boost., Boston has had three different starting point guards in its last four games. The newest member of that list pushed the C's to victory on Wednesday afternoon: http://on.nba.com/1tnj8ob, Listen to Coach Stevens moments before they host the Kings at TD Garden., Get the latest from pregame live from TD Garden as the Boston Celtics host the Sacramento Kings in a #NewYearsEve matinee. Tune in on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app at 12pm EST for American Express Home Court Advantage! #AMEXCeltics, Jared Sullinger is helping Sprint cut Boston Celtics fans’ mobile bills in half.  Switch to Sprint now to cut yours too: http://sprint.com/halfprice #CutYourBill, Can the Celtics stop Cousins from boogying on NYE? Marc D'Amico discusses the challenge here: on.nba.com/1xwbHih, Emily Austen reports from practice, where the Celtics discussed their New Year’s Eve challenge of slowing down DeMarcus Cousins., In today's Benrus #SocialCeltics, the players got some family time around the holiday's. Check out all the beautiful trees, presents, and Turner's matching plaid family photo., Brad Stevens talks about the challenges he’s been faced with in finding the right rotations after adding three more players to roster in the recent trade., Celtics Cowens Camps presented by adidas are back for the summer! Now offering 4 weeks at the Celtics Practice Facility, and 2 weeks at the state-of-the-art adidas facility in Canton, MA. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. Sign up now and automatically receive a $25 discount off registration. For more information and to sign up, visit: www.celtics.com/camps., James Young discussed the benefits of his trip to Maine and what he works on when he plays for the Red Claws: on.nba.com/1A5JuQx, Emily discusses the Celtics much needed practice time, something they haven't had much of since the trade with the Mavericks, that will allow the team to get better acquainted with each other., The Celtics get back in the gym for two straight days of much needed practice time before taking on the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday afternoon., As Marc D'Amico writes, Washington took early control of Saturday's matchup with the Celtics and won convincingly: on.nba.com/1H6fUh0, Emily Austen gets a one-on-one interview with guard Evan Turner to discuss playing Washington for the third time in December, the Wizards' backcourt dynamic duo and rookie Marcus Smart as the Celtics' starting point guard., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics take on the Wizards in Washington, DC., The Celtics traded one rotational player and took back three rotational players. That fact left Brad Stevens with a difficult challenge that he discusses here: on.nba.com/1wtDJa9, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss which Celtics enjoy playing in Washington and what the C's must do to knick off the red-hot Wizards., The Verizon Center has treated a couple of Celtics well this season, but Boston must improve defensively against the Wizards if it wants a win: on.nba.com/1wtcZqi, The Celtics had a myriad of chances to tie or win down the stretch of Friday's game against the Nets, but they came up short in the end. Find out how it all went down with our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1BbZ6BB, Jared Sullinger and Jeff Green led the charge on offense, and Marcus Smart looked much more comfortable in his second start of the season. Hear what coach Stevens and the players had to say about their 2-point loss that went down to the wire against the Nets., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics host the Nets at the TD Garden., The Boston Celtics visited young patients at the Boston’s Children’s hospital to spread the holiday spirit with arts and crafts, games and caroling., The Celtics made it a three-point game down the stretch after being down 25 points to the Magic heading into the final frame, but Boston came up short to Orlando, 100-95., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics square off against the Magic in Orlando., In today's AMTRAK Travel Report, Emily Austen and Boston Globe’s Gary Washburn discuss the importance of practice for the Celtics right now, Marcus Smart’s first NBA start and the status of James Young., The Celtics and Magic will square off for the second time in a week when they clash tonight at 7 p.m. in the Amway Center. What's changed between the two games? Find out in today's edition of Watch It!: http://on.nba.com/1zumehd, Brad Stevens explains why it's going to be challenging to have set rotations with the evenness across the Celtics current roster., New Celtic Jameer Nelson makes his return to Orlando for the first time as an opponent and at practice Monday talked about the importance of being a leader to young guys., Boston couldn’t keep up with Miami after early turnovers and limited familiarity with the newest Celtics, falling to the Heat, 100-84., Read what the coaches and players had to say following Boston's tilt with Miami on Sunday night: http://on.nba.com/13q8K8b, Emily Austen gets an exclusive one-on-one interview with rookie Marcus Smart about his first career start, what extra nerves he has and why he can be a leader on this team., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the new look Celtics take on the Heat in Miami., In today's AMTRAK Travel Report, the newest Celtics talk about how long it will take to adjust to Brad Stevens’ system and how it relates to Dallas’ system., After Thursday's trade that sent Rajon Rondo to the Dallas Mavericks, the Boston Celtics have had little time to integrate their new players before facing the Miami Heat tonight., A late run coupled with six Celtics scoring in double figures led Boston to a 16-point win over Minnesota on Friday Night. Hear from coach Stevens and the players about what they did to close out the Wolves down the stretch., We heard from new Celtics Jae Crowder, Jameer Nelson, and Brandan Wright for the first time tonight. Find out why the trio is full of energy and excited to be in Boston., You might think that Kelly Olynyk would cool off after posting stellar numbers over his past few games. That's where you would be wrong: on.nba.com/16BjNgS, Listen to Celtics GM Danny Ainge, before tonight's matchup against the Timberwolves at TD Garden., Listen to Brad Stevens uncut, before tonight's matchup against the Timberwolves at TD Garden., Tune in on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app for a special edition of American Express Home Court Advantage as we carry Danny Ainge's trade press conference live at 6:30 pm EST! Download the app here: http://www.celtics.com/app, Emily Austen discusses what the Celtics acquired in their trade with the Mavs and why Boston decided to pull the trigger and trade Rajon Rondo., Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico break down Thursday’s trade and reveal just how impressive Brandan Wright has been this season., Danny Ainge added to his stockpile of draft picks through Thursday's trade. Marc D'Amico adds it all up here: http://on.nba.com/16xJ23N, With trade rumors around the Celtics, Emily discusses how the players and coach Stevens go about handling their task at hand., After a solid bench performance from Phil Pressey, head coach Brad Stevens explains why the young point guard is able to stay game ready at all times., The Celtics blew out the Magic, 109-92, with sharp shooting and strong defense. Kelly Olynyk continued to play aggressive for Boston and shared his unique postgame routine., The Celtics won for the fifth time in eight games Wednesday night as they continued their meteoric rise at the defensive end: http://on.nba.com/1AsxF65, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico discuss whether or not Wednesday’s blowout victory was Boston’s top all-around performance of the season., Get the latest news and info from pregame at TD Garden as the Boston Celtics prepare to face the Orlando Magic. Watch American Express Home Court Advantage live on Celtics.com or the Celtics mobile app.
http://www.celtics.com/app, Orlando may be a young team but it has the attention of Brad Stevens and many others in the league., The Celtics and Magic, both competing for the playoffs, meet tonight. Several key stats favor Boston. More here: http://on.nba.com/1BYLHxi, Brad Stevens discusses the possibility of Marcus Smart playing Wednesday night against Orlando: http://on.nba.com/1uWlyuj, Emily Austen reports on rookie Marcus Smart’s status at practice Tuesday while Marcus Thornton stays positive during his injury rehab., After Kelly Olynyk's career scoring night, find out what Brad Stevens said to the big man in today's Celtics Minute., There's still plenty of time to get gifts for the holidays! Finish shopping for the Celtics fans in your life and Buy More, Save More now through Wednesday at 2pm ET on the Celtics official store. Just enter the code SAVE during checkout. http://goo.gl/2vIN4d, Forward Kelly Olynyk set a new career-high 30 points and helped lift the Celtics to victory over the Sixers, 105-87., Jared Sullinger coined the phrase "In Kelly We Trust" on Dec. 3. Monday night in Philadelphia, Kelly Olynyk trusted in himself: http://on.nba.com/1wc9DNx, Emily Austen gets an exclusive 1-on-1 interview with Jared Sullinger about going through lulls in his personal game, where he turns to for advice and how much basketball is mental., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics tip off against the Sixers in Philly., BREAKING: Marcus Thornton is expected to miss approximately two weeks with a partial tear in his left calf. Marc D'Amico has the details here: http://on.nba.com/1AAd3IP, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico discuss tonight’s matchup in Philadelphia, where Avery Bradley may be primed for a big performance., As Marc D'Amico writes, playing without Marcus Smart and Marcus Thornton will challenge the Celtics at both ends of the court: http://on.nba.com/13raNK2, Brad Stevens explains his coaching perspective as the shorthanded Celtics take on the Sixers without Marcus Smart and Marcus Thornton Monday night., While many were busy at the bars Friday night, Jared Sullinger was committed to the court. The story is here: http://on.nba.com/1srZJ52, The Celtics reflect on film from Friday's loss to the Knicks and look ahead to a talented Sixers team despite Philly's record., There's still plenty of time to find the perfect gift for the Celtics fan in your life. Celtics.com/Shop is offering you 25% off storewide through11:59 pm PT. Just enter the code FANS25 at checkout. http://goo.gl/3aIqBz, Emily and Marc discuss the Knicks late run that sealed the game, Jeff Green's consistency and the struggles behind Jared Sullinger., The Celtics couldn't find a way to beat the Knicks on Friday night without the help of guards Avery Bradley and Marcus Smart., Marcus Thornton nearly shot the Celtics back into the game against the Knicks Friday night (again), while Jeff Green continued to showcase his high-caliber scoring ability: http://on.nba.com/1A1xQVE, Guard Rajon Rondo made the day for two boys from Make-A-Wish. Check out their experience and find out what goodies they received from their favorite Celtic!, Marc breaks down Jared Sullinger's three point percentage, and where he ranks among the league's elite shooters. Do you think he should continue to shoot the long ball?, Jazz up your holiday season with this Lucky Santa raglan shirt from adidas! Get it now on the official Celtics Store while supplies last. http://goo.gl/3fYSjc, The Celtics host a struggling Knicks that has Carmelo Anthony and J.R. Smith listed as questionable for Friday's game. Will Boston win its fourth consecutive home game while handing New York its 11th straight lost?, Jared Sullinger has come a long way from long range. Marc D'Amico details Sully's drastic turnaround from downtown here: http://on.nba.com/1vWtT5t, Balloting for the 2015 NBA All-Star game just opened! Here’s why you should send Rajon Rondo to the game as an Eastern Conference starter:

- Rondo leads the league in assists (10.8 per game)
- Rondo leads the league in triple-doubles (3)
- Rondo leads all NBA guards in rebounding (7.6 per game)

Vote for him every day at this link: http://on.nba.com/1sgBYlL, http://on.nba.com/1zbvCDL, The Celtics rode the hot hand of Marcus Thornton which kept them in the game in the 4th quarter, but what did the team say sealed the loss to the Hornets?, The Celtics, despite getting a massive boost from Marcus Thornton in the fourth quarter, couldn't scrap their way past the Hornets on Wednesday night. Here's how it went down: http://on.nba.com/1yBAEqd, Emily sits down with Guard Marcus Smart to discuss the Celtics double OT loss to the Wizards on Monday night and what he thought about being on the court and having Rondo cheering him on., They just don't make em like Big Al Jefferson anymore. Marc D'Amico explains here: http://on.nba.com/1sk7VEa, Tonight will be unlike any other for the Zeller family, which has gathered together here in Charlotte: http://on.nba.com/1Bz87b8, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily and Marc discuss the Hornets struggles this season, facing Al Jefferson, and how the 2 OT loss to the Wizards affected the Celtics confidence., The Hornets have struggled to open the season but Brad Stevens cautions why one shouldn't look too much into Charlotte's record., Let your family & friends know you want Celtics tickets. Use #CelticsHolidayHint & we may help you get the message out in a big way., In today's Minute, Emily discusses the play of the bench against the Wizards on Monday night, scoring 82 points collectively and taking the game into two overtimes., The Celtics erased a 23-point deficit but came up one point shy to the Wizards in a double overtime thriller on Monday night., Marcus Smart's play inspired a the Celtics Monday night, leaving opponents saying, "This kid's for real": http://on.nba.com/1yxXAXs, The Celtics fought back a from a 23-point deficit to force two overtime sessions on Monday night, but clutch plays by John Wall in the final moments stole the game for the Washington Wizards: http://on.nba.com/1udSLRy, Emily sits down with Celtics Guard Marcus Thornton for a quick 1-on-1 in DC. Find out what Thornton says is the key for getting a win in back-to-back nights., We haven't seen the same Marcus Smart since he returned from injury. Brad Stevens talks about the rookie here: http://on.nba.com/1wsrEIT, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily and Marc discuss the unique situation of playing the Washington Wizards in back-to-back nights. Find out what adjustments need to be made, and which players Marc thinks will have an impact on the outcome., The Celtics are aware of the adjustments they'll need to make in order to beat the Wizards for the second night in a row., Tonight's Celtics-Wizards matchup is a battle of the coaches as much as it's a battle of the players. That and more here: http://on.nba.com/1w7fMsE, Check out the Green Monday special on Celtics.com/Shop now! All hoodies and jackets are 20% off with the code GM20. 
Today only, offer ends at 11:59 p.m. PT. http://goo.gl/J5mY69, The Celtics win their third straight game after holding on to beat the Wizards down the stretch, 101-93., Read what the coaches and players had to say after the Celtics defeated the Wizards on Sunday afternoon: http://on.nba.com/1wPrxXv, The Celtics will be wearing the Parquet Pride uniforms for the second time in today's game vs. the Wizards. The uniforms honor the most famous playing surface in sports, the Parquet floor, and its many great moments like Johnny Most announcing his retirement 25 years ago. The commemorative Johnny Most shirt and the entire Parquet Pride Collection is available at Celtics.com/Shop now. Get your Pride items now and be automatically entered to win great prizes. No purchase necessary to enter. #ParquetPride http://goo.gl/O7grOi, Happy Birthday to the one and only Larry Legend!, The Celtics discuss how important ball movement is to their offense and what they've seen on film from the Wizards., 513 days after the trade, the love affair between Paul Pierce, the Celtics and Boston remains strong: http://on.nba.com/1vYXCt0, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss the big night Boston got from its frontline and what Friday's win over the Lakers means to the C's., The Celtics blew away the Lakers, 113-96, on Friday night as all five starters scored in double figures and three players recorded double-doubles., Brad Stevens said Tyler Zeller is "still a puppy." Oh yeah? Well that puppy chowed down on Kobe Bryant and the Lakers Friday night: http://on.nba.com/1CPsgv2, The Key Player of Friday's game against the Lakers? No question about this one. Tyler Zeller, the floor is yours: on.nba.com/1G1MRdM, Kobe Bryant 's LA Lakers and Rajon Rondo's Boston Celtics renew a classic rivalry tonight, and we've got all the latest news before tipoff on the American Express Home Court Advantage. Download the Celtics mobile app to watch live at 6:30 PM EST. http://www.celtics.com/app, The C's and Lakers will renew their rivalry tonight at 7:30 p.m. in Boston. Here's what to watch for in the matchup: http://on.nba.com/1FZqTbn, The historic rivalry between the Celtics and the Lakers will be alive tonight with a healthy Rajon Rondo and Kobe Bryant on the floor. After Wednesday’s win, Evan Turner shared his thoughts on Bryant., Congratulations to SNHU student Kulameth “Bank” Phromratanapongse for winning this season’s Asian American Night t-shirt design contest. His design will be featured on tonight’s t-shirt giveaway at the TD Garden when the Boston Celtics take on the LA Lakers., #GreenRunsDeep on this special holiday blowout item on the Celtics official store. Get the adidas 3-Stripe Crew Shirt now for only $17.49! While supplies last. http://goo.gl/gqaRhp, Kelly Olynyk broke out of his slump on Wednesday night with 20 points, two steals and three blocks off the bench., Forget #TBT it’s #TicketThursday Celtics fans! See The Truth come home for the holidays for just $17. Use code BETHERE. Today Only. http://bit.ly/1FTwcZW, Join Celtics Legend, Leon Powe, and the Celtics Dancers this Saturday at Sakonnet Vineyards for their Annual Holiday Open House!  Bring a new unwrapped toy and receive a complimentary wine tasting! http://bit.ly/1vlS87V, Marc D'Amico and Emily Austen break down the clutch play in OT and the rotation that got the win., Detroit took the Celtics to overtime but the C's flipped the script and came though with with a great team effort and the win., For those of you who jumped off the Kelly Olynyk bandwagon, he gave you plenty of reasons Wednesday night to jump back on: http://on.nba.com/1AiBg6X, Ford Keys to the Game - C's get it together in OT to pull out the win vs. Detroit; Green, Olynyk & Sully deliver: http://on.nba.com/1I2iB4n, The Celtics put the tough loss to the Hawks in the rearview mirror as Boston has a quick turnaround with Detroit in town on Wednesday night., The Celtics will look to get back on track tonight when the floundering Pistons visit TD Garden. Here are five things that should pique your interest in tonight's matchup: http://on.nba.com/1ylvguY, Check out the Draft Kings Stat of the Month!  To play fantasy sports for FREE, click the link below to be directed to Draftkings.com. 
http://bit.ly/1zjoIeN, The Celtics lost a 23 point lead and couldn't overcome Atlanta's 4th quarter offense as they fell 109-105 at Philips Arena. Hear what coach Stevens and the players had to say after the tough loss., There's only one way the Celtics are going to turn things around, according to Brad Stevens: Become more physical: http://on.nba.com/1rWz1RH, Tuesday night's matchup with Atlanta was a tale of two halves, and it was the Hawks who had the last laugh: http://on.nba.com/12qrXa6, Emily catches up with Center Tyler Zeller before his 2nd start of the season, as the Celtics prepare to play the Hawks in Atlanta. Find out what Zeller thinks is the key to getting a win at Philips Arena., A smile flashed across Brad Stevens' face when our Marc D'Amico asked him about Hawks point guard Jeff Teague. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1HWTiAM, Celtics Fans, this November for Diabetes Awareness Month the #SunLifeDunkForDiabetes Campaign raised a grand total of $75,000 for the YMCA of Greater Boston's Diabetes Prevention Program! Tomorrow night Sun Life Financial U.S. and the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation will be presenting a $75,000 check to the YMCA of Greater Boston at halftime! Thank you all for your support and participation! Go Celtics!, What do the Celtics think about Kyle Korver? In a way, he's like Kevin Durant: http://on.nba.com/12l5Y3v, In today's Amtrak Travel Report, Emily and Marc discuss the Hawks and Celtics similar stat lines, containing one of the best perimeter shooters in Kyle Korver, and what Rajon Rondo needs to do to keep pace with Hawks PG Jeff Teague., Extended Cyber Monday deal for current and former military and first responders! Save big on specially priced Celtics tickets. Verify your status through GovX.com and get out to a Celtics game with your loved ones this Holiday Season! 
View available games: http://www.nba.com/celtics/tickets/govx, The C's and Hawks have eerily similar stats this season, but Atlanta has nine wins compared to Boston's four. Find out the reason why, plus other things to watch for in tonight's matchup: http://on.nba.com/1rUJXPM, The Celtics know they need to get the offense rolling early against a suffocating Hawks defense in the first half., Meet George from Dorchester – A Boston Celtics Season Ticket Member since 2007., Act now to take advantage of $10 off Girls and Guys Night Out packages for Cyber Monday. Pricing good today only: http://on.nba.com/1FJpF3L, It's Cyber Monday deal on the official Celtics store now! Get 30% off storewide AND free shipping on orders over $25! Enter the code     CM30 during checkout. Offer ends Tuesday 12/2 at 11:59 p.m. PT. Don't miss it! http://goo.gl/aWvCvM, Tyler Zeller talks about his first Celtics start and what it is like to play beside Rajon Rondo., Emily and Marc discuss how the Spurs took this game, Tyler Zeller first start and how critical the next three games are for Boston., The Celtics explain what went wrong in the final frame and how much their bench helped them stay in the game in the first half., Tyler Zeller got the first start of his Celtics career on Sunday, and he capitalized on the opportunity: http://on.nba.com/1FGRvfa, Head Coach Brad Stevens and his wife give back to those in need during the holiday season by supplying 200 families with Turkey dinners., Watch our live pregame show, American Express Home Court Advantage, at 12pm EST on Celtics.com and the Boston Celtics mobile app to get the latest news before the C's battle the San Antonio Spurs at TD Garden., With every word the Celtics spoke on Saturday, you could hear the admiration they have for the defending-champ Spurs: http://on.nba.com/1FGLnp8, The Celtics discuss their improvements on defense and why they aren't comparing themselves to the Spurs., Celtics fans, today is Small Business Saturday! Get out and #ShopSmall at the small businesses around the TD Garden neighborhood., Emily and Marc discuss the shooting of Jared Sullinger and Avery Bradley, in addition to the Bulls big four, who took the game over at different points to lead the Bulls to a 109-102 win over the Celtics at TD Garden., Head coach Brad Stevens and the Celtics discuss why they couldn't pull off the win against Chicago and how it may affect the confidence in the locker room., The C's fumbled down the stretch of Friday afternoon's matinee against the Bulls. What happened? Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1v25OtG, The Celtics unveil their new Parquet Pride uniform collection with Avery Bradley and Marcus Smart at the Ritz Carlton in Boston., Listen to Coach Brad Stevens moments before the Celtics try to beat the Bulls for the second time this season., Your Celtics are wearing their new Parquet Pride uniforms for the first time today. The uniforms honor the most famous playing surface in sports, the Parquet Floor, and its many pivotal moments including Larry Bird scoring his 20,000th point. The t-shirt commemorating this historical moment and the entire Pride collection are available at Celtics.com/Shop now. Get your piece of the #ParquetPride Collection and be automatically entered to win great Celtics prizes. No purchase necessary to enter. http://goo.gl/x7NSuc, It’s Green Friday, Celtics fans! 20% off single game tickets TODAY ONLY. Buy now: http://on.nba.com/1pvrJZm, What impact could Rose have on tonight's game? Find the answer and more in today's Watch It! - Bulls at Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1xQLfxb, This week's Benrus #SocialCeltics is all about giving back. Check out what some Celtics were doing in the community, and which player made it to his first Boston Bruins game., Read Marc D'Amico's updated story on Marcus Smart's potential return to the lineup this weekend, and if coaches and players think that return may happen too soon: http://on.nba.com/1vOHL2C, Rookie Marcus Smart is expected to return to practice Wednesday as the Celtics prepare for their next opponent in the Bulls, Getting a jump on holiday shopping for the Celtics fan in your life? Then buy more, save more now on the Celtics official store. Just enter the code SAVE at checkout!
Offer ends Thursday at 11:59 PM PST. http://goo.gl/jTPy5q, Kelly Olynyk spent part of his break from basketball by performing a play with some students from Mildred Ave k-8 school on Monday., The Celtics proved Sunday night that they can defend at a high level. That's something to be encouraged about: http://on.nba.com/1FhXOWn, Celtics Captain Rajon Rondo discusses what he plans to do during this short break before the Celtics host the Bulls on Friday afternoon., It's finally here...your chance to Wear Celtics History and own a piece of the Parquet Pride Collection by adidas. Check it out now on the official team store of the Boston Celtics, Celtics.com/Shop. #ParquetPride http://goo.gl/0LXVGd, Emily reports from TD Garden after the Celtics fell to the Blazers 94-88. Find out what it was about the defensive end of the court that left coach Brad Stevens and the players encouraged after the game., Marc and Emily discuss the Celtics late game execution, Blazers All-Star Forward LaMarcus Aldridge, and the strong night from Celtics Forward Jared Sullinger., Jared Sullinger went toe-to-toe with one of the top big men in the NBA on Sunday. He most certainly held his ground: http://on.nba.com/1FhEESw, Marc D'Amico catches up with Evan Turner before the Celtics square off against the Portland Trail Blazers at TD Garden., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the host the Portland Trail Blazers at TD Garden., Emily discusses the Celtics loss at Memphis and some similarities between the Grizzlies and the Trail Blazers, who visit the Garden on Sunday., Vitor Faverani made a public appearance Saturday afternoon at the Celtics practice facility. Here's what he had to say: http://on.nba.com/1v9FvS7, Kelly Olynyk and the young Boston Celtics can learn from grizzled NBA veterans on the Memphis Grizzlies roster: http://on.nba.com/1uP3dTH, Marc D’Amico reports from Memphis, where Brad Stevens explains why Marc Gasol is so good, and Kelly Olynyk explains how he caught a second-half rhythm., Brandon Bass prepares to check into the game in the first quarter against the Memphis Grizzlies Friday night., Tyler Zeller talks with Marc D'Amico about the challenges of defending Marc Gasol and playing against the league's best team., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before they tip off against the Grizzlies in Memphis., Boston's improved defense, an early-season MVP candidate and Rajon Rondo's turnover woes are just three of the many things to watch for tonight. Read the rest here: http://on.nba.com/1v4jDHy, In today’s Amtrak Travel Report, Marc D’Amico reveals the preventative health measures Boston took at this morning’s shootaround, and Avery Bradley talks about slowing down the red-hot Courtney Lee., Despite battling a stomach bug, the Memphis Grizzlies, owners of the NBA's best record, still present a big challenge for Rajon Rondo and the Boston Celtics: http://on.nba.com/11Di07K, Kelly Olynyk has displayed a nice shooting touch to start the season. He's currently a Top 10 shooter in the NBA. Read more: http://on.nba.com/1p3XF6H, Marc D’Amico reports from practice in Memphis, where the Celtics discussed the Grizzlies’ physicality and Marcus Smart gave an update on his injured left ankle., This week's Ticket Thursday deals will make your Thanksgiving weekend super-special! Tickets start at just $35, but hurry, this deal expires at 6:00 p.m. ET: http://on.nba.com/1xWiDof, Head coach Brad Stevens talks about which Celtic made the biggest impact on the game in Wednesday night's win over Philly., Brandon Bass made headlines during the offseason for learning to swim, but on Wednesday night in Philadelphia, he taught his teammates how to drive: http://on.nba.com/1xVyIfv, Marc D'Amico reports from Philadelphia, where Brandon Bass and Jared Sullinger powered the Celtics to a win over the Sixers., The story of Wednesday night's win against Philadelphia can be summed up in two words. Brandon Bass: http://on.nba.com/1x1q0s2, Ahead of tonight's Celtics-Sixers game, Avery Bradley talks to Marc D'Amico about the task of defending two 6-foot-6 guards in Michael Carter-Williams and Tony Wroten., Listen to Coach Stevens moments before the Celtics are hosted by the 76ers at the Wells Fargo Center., Marc D'Amico says the Celtics should have an advantage on the interior and may find their defense tonight against the 76ers., The Celtics explain why it's going to be tough to get a victory over the winless Sixers on Wednesday night., The Celtics, although they will face a winless Sixers team tonight, cannot allow themselves to think that this game will be a walk-through: http://on.nba.com/1ubinNV, Emily discusses Rondo's extra work after the game on Monday night, and what the Celtics need to do to better prepare for late game situations., The Celtics have faced some frustrating losses in close games this season. Their mantra, however, is to not get too high or too low: http://on.nba.com/1qSQOIS, Celtics captain Rajon Rondo explains why he’s keeping the faith in his young team during this recent tough stretch., Emily talks late game execution, whether the Celtics end of game confidence is beginning to wane, and Green and Zeller's games., Tyler Zeller is leading the NBA in FG%. This isn't the same guy we saw during the preseason: http://on.nba.com/11fkpWB, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics and Suns' high scoring matchup, Jeff Green and Tyler Zeller's performances and why Boston can't get over the hump in crunch time., Despite being on the wrong end of the score sheet when the final buzzer sounded, the Celtics and their fans have to be happy about what they saw from Jeff Green on Monday night: http://on.nba.com/1vlpv0p, Emily Austen catches up with Celtic forward Dwight Powell about spending some time with the Maine Red Claws., Listen to Coach Brad Stevens moments before the Celtics tip off against the Suns at TD Garden., In today's Celtics Minute presented by Sun Life Financial U.S., the Celtics discuss what they’ve seen on film from the fast-paced Phoenix Suns and their combination of scoring guards., This week on Benrus #SocialCeltics, Emily Austen takes a look at how some Celtics celebrated Veterans Day, what Brandon Bass' children were for Halloween and what rookie Marcus Smart bought for his mom., The Celtics had one final chance to beat the Cavs with sevens seconds to play, but Boston came up one point shy to Cleveland on Friday night. Find out what coach Stevens and the players found to be the most frustrating part of the loss., Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics' energy, Boston's final possession and how the Cavs' superstars came up big down the stretch., The Celtics were unable to capitalize on two chances to take down the Cavs Friday night, spoiling some big performances: http://on.nba.com/1zXhkt7, Lucky the Leprechaun and the Green Team combined for a crazy dunk at TD Garden tonight during the Boston Celtics vs. Cleveland Cavaliers game. The NBA and this dunk, is FANtastic!, Listen to Brad Stevens just moments before they tip off against the Cleveland Cavaliers., Emily Austen looks into Cleveland head coach David Blatt’s background and why he’s familiar with Boston., Take an insider's look at this years Boston Celtic Shamrock Foundation Gala., Download the Celtics mobile app now to watch our exclusive live streaming pregame show (6:30 PM EST) before the C's face LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers at TD Garden tonight. Download now: http://www.nba.com/celtics/app, LeBron James returns to the Garden for the first time as a Cavalier since 2010, when the Celtics knocked the Cavs out of the Playoffs., Emily Austen reports that Thursday’s practice was all about defense, and that Marcus Smart is itching to get back onto the floor., Marcus Smart discussed his ankle injury today for the first time since going down Friday night. Here's what he had to say: http://on.nba.com/112CyX8, Rajon Rondo nearly had two triple-doubles within a week, but he thinks the best is yet to come. Find out why in today's Celtics Minute!, Don’t miss the Boston Celtics' first Sunday game of 2014-15 - $10 tickets are now available for the Portland Trail Blazers game at 6 pm on Nov. 23. Purchase by 4 pm today & use code BETHERE for special pricing to see Rajon Rondo and the team live! Buy now: http://on.nba.com/1xWiDof, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics' early lead, why the Thunder pulled off the win and Rajon Rondo's near triple-double on Wednesday night., Despite a good start, the Celtics weren't able to match the Thunder's energy in the second half and dropped the game on Wednesday night, 109-94., Talk about catching fire. It’s shocking that the Thunder didn’t burn TD Garden down during the fourth quarter of Wednesday night’s game: http://on.nba.com/10YIIrh, Celtics Forward Jeff Green got out into the community and helped sort clothes and shoes at the New England Center for Homeless Veterans before putting on an apron and serving food to the Veterans., Tune in now on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app to watch American Express Home Court Advantage live from courtside as the C's prepare to meet the Oklahoma City Thunder at TD Garden on Comcast SportsNet New England!, It’s a small sample size but the Celtics execution of Brad Stevens’ philosophy of space and pace is starting to show off on the stat sheet., Rajon Rondo will be back for tonight's game, but the Celtics can't underestimate the Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook-less Oklahoma City Thunder: http://on.nba.com/1EBR4UY, Green Runs Deep on the official Celtics store, Celtics.com/Shop. FREE SHIPPING on select gear now through Sunday at 11:59 PST. Check it out! http://goo.gl/B4cSSh, In today's Practice Report, Rajon Rondo discusses his minor surgery over the weekend, and Stevens dishes on facing a similar Thunder team from last year that beat the Celtics without Durant and Westbrook., It's shocking how much more zone defense the Thunder are playing this season. Here's why, and how the Celtics are planning to deal with it: http://on.nba.com/1tE4vLz, The Celtics will be tested with their next two opponents but it should be a good measuring stick for where they stand., The Boston Celtics and GovX.com want to thank our heroes at home and abroad! Current and former military & first responders have access to specially priced tickets all season! View available games: http://www.nba.com/celtics/tickets/govx, To show your support this Veterans Day, pick up an adidas Climalite NBA Cares Hoops for Troops shirt on Celtics.com/Shop. The NBA will make a donation to the USO in support of troops and their families. Get your shirt now! http://goo.gl/Lew873, This offseason, the Celtics had a decision to make: Bring back Pressey or don't? They did, and it's paying off: http://on.nba.com/1wLRrd6, Marc D’Amico reports from Waltham, where the Celtics discuss their high-octane offense and Dwight Powell’s quick trip to Maine., Emily Austen reports on the Celtics’ ability to beat adversity this past weekend in Chicago., The Boston Celtics have assigned forward Dwight Powell to the Maine Red Claws: http://on.nba.com/1zcR1M4, Emily discusses the Celtics win in the second night of a back-to-back in Chicago. Evan Turner called it a "great team win" because of the effort on both ends of the floor., Don't look now, but the Celtics are beginning to turn some heads. They're 3-3 and could easily be 5-1 following Saturday's win in Chicago: http://on.nba.com/117hgZk, You know that old adage that says every NBA team makes its run? Luckily for Boston, it held true on Saturday night: http://on.nba.com/1zbiiP5, Brad Stevens is on record as saying that when things aren't going well on the court, he likes to insert Marcus Smart. Thriving under pressure has helped fueled Smart's rise to the NBA. Don’t miss the "The Education of Marcus Smart” on Comcast SportsNet New England tonight at 7:30, immediately before tonight's game against the Chicago Bulls., Injury updates on Rajon Rondo, Marcus Smart: http://on.nba.com/1Eejdzk, For a moment, time stopped. Mouths gasped for air. Then the Celtics banded together and grabbed a win for Marcus Smart: http://on.nba.com/1spdO2R, Marcus Smart went down early in the fourth quarter, but the Celtics rallied and pulled off a win down the stretch over the Pacers on Friday night., Jared Sullinger had a hefty challenge Friday night. He sure as heck didn’t back down: http://on.nba.com/1u8f5j4, The Pacers' starting lineup doesn’t look the same as last season due to a laundry list of injuries, but that doesn’t mean the Celtics are going to take them lightly., The Pacers are riddled with injuries, and that means Rajon Rondo might be on his way to another huge game tonight: http://on.nba.com/1wCbM4p, As the Celtics hit the practice floor on Thursday, they are focusing on everything they're doing well right now, and are keeping a positive attitude as they prepare for the Pacers on Friday night., Being a true Celtic means honoring the past while building the next championship team. The Boston Celtics and adidas just unveiled a new alternate uniform for the 2014-15 season. The new gray Parquet Pride Collection celebrates the most famous playing surface in sports, the Parquet Floor, and its many great moments. #ParquetPride #GreenRunsDeep #BeThere, The Celtics are only a few plays away from being 3-1, and crunch time execution certainly hasn't been their issue: http://on.nba.com/1pstExV, Rajon Rondo posted his first triple-double of the season last night and leads the NBA in that category since 2008., In the Postgame Report, Emily discusses the Celtics big night from the front court, a triple-double from Rondo, and Marcus Smart's eventful night., If there's a triple-double throne in the NBA, Rajon Rondo is sitting on it. He is the king: http://on.nba.com/1wySxc6, Emily and Marc discuss the key plays that led to the Celtics 110-107 loss to the Raptors, and what an anomaly it is that so many players had great statistical games without coming away with the W., The Celtics and Raptors game on Wednesday night featured a heavyweight duel between two point guards. One walked away with a triple-double, but the other walked away with a win: http://on.nba.com/1u27pPf, Listen to Coach Stevens moments before tip off at the Celtics set to square off against the Toronto Raptors., Rookie Marcus Smart had an emotional trip back to his hometown of Dallas to play in his first NBA game and fulfill a childhood promise to his mother., Starting tonight at 7pm, the Celtics are set to take on two of the top teams in the Eastern Conference. If you are a DISH subscriber you will miss out on the The Toronto Raptors tonight as well as the Indiana Pacers on Friday. Tell DISH you want your Celtics back. Visit http://IWantCSNNE.com or call 844-276-4276., Avery Bradley lit the Mavs up for a career-high 32 points on Monday. Here's why he might eclipse that number tonight: http://on.nba.com/1tAPPQU, Today the Boston Celtics and Sun Life Financial U.S. announced their partnership to team up against Diabetes! Check out Celtics.com/SunLifeDunkForDiabetes to learn more and follow the Celtics on Twitter to track our fundraising progress towards our goal of $50,000 for the @YMCAofGreaterBoston's Diabetes Prevention Program!, Jeff Green and Avery Bradley were an offensive spark for Boston on Monday but the Celtics' defense will have to stop the Raptors’ scoring duo of DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry tonight., Grit. Fight. Will. Determination. These are the characteristics of an NBA star, and Marcus Smart displayed all of them on Monday night: http://on.nba.com/1s08ce6, Head Coach Brad Stevens discusses the Celtics 2nd half effort against the Mavs in today's Celtics Minute., The Celtics fought back after being down 31 points to the Mavericks on Monday night but came up five points short down the stretch., It was a wild Monday night in Dallas. Jeff Green nearly led the Celtics to a historic comeback against the Mavericks: on.nba.com/1tVCggt, Emily Austen checks in with Marcus Smart to talk about his nerves going into his first NBA game in his hometown., Brad Stevens will coach against Rick Carlisle tonight, a guy who's taught the Celtics coach quite a bit over the past decade: on.nba.com/1sa7egi, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss the Mavs' potential and how Boston's bigs can crash the glass tonight., It's only Monday, but boy, has this already been an emotional week for Celtics rookie Marcus Smart: http://on.nba.com/1zsthXf, Rookie Marcus Smart will have a big crowd of family and friends for his first NBA game in his hometown of Dallas. How will his intensity change tonight?, ICYMI: The Celtics stress the importance of taking the open shot and explain what they accomplished in Sunday's practice., Two high-powered offenses will collide when the Celtics take on the Mavericks tonight in Dallas. Here's why you should Watch It!: http://on.nba.com/1Ed0DcA, The Celtics are proving to Brad Stevens that they're full of resilience. Here's how they responded to Saturday's loss on.nba.com/1uePLJu, The Celtics couldn't bounce back from a slow start or find a way to stop James Harden and fell to the Rockets, 104-90., Brad Stevens calls James Harden "special," and which explains a lot about Saturday night's loss in Houston: on.nba.com/1woCHAT, Emily Austen talks with Jared Sullinger about going up against Dwight Howard tonight and what the Celtics need to do in order to leave Houston with a W., Brad Stevens and Kevin McHale discuss Patrick Beverley's injury and how it affects tonight's game: on.nba.com/1wSQH7j, Listen to Coach Stevens just before tip off as the Celtics visit Houston in the Rockets home opener., 11/01 Shootaround Update: Bench Energy

The Celtics explain how important it will be for the bench to match the intensity and energy of the starters to be successful against the Rockets on Saturday night., Rajon Rondo discusses the Celtics' three-hour team dinner Friday night in Houston: on.nba.com/10HYVC4, Emily Austen and Marc D’Amico discuss Boston’s long trip to Houston, as well as former Celtic Jason Terry’s comeback story., How will the Celtics deal with Dwight Howard and the Rockets tonight? Find out what to watch for here: http://on.nba.com/13rEQRp, Brad Stevens discusses how he has approached his second season as an NBA head coach, and the Celtics players say they have noticed a new demeanor and confidence in their leader, as well., Special #Halloween Offer: Three hours only! Limited ticekts available. Save up to 50% on select games, including Boston Celtics vs. Cleveland Cavaliers! Use promo code BETHERE to claim the offer: http://on.nba.com/1rGCum5, How much will we see the three guard lineup with Rajon Rondo, Avery Bradley, and Marcus Smart this season? Brad Stevens answers that question in today's Celtics Minute., The Celtics have moved on from their big opening night win and shifted their focus to Houston. At practice, they discussed what they need to improve on to beat the Rockets., How will Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk fare against Dwight Howard on Saturday? They're up to the challenge, and Sully even has a plan in place to contain Houston's eight-time All-Star: http://on.nba.com/1q5edGA, Head Coach Brad Stevens called Marcus Smart unique and had a conversation with the rookie before his first regular season NBA game. Find out what Stevens said to Smart in today's Celtics Minute., Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics 16 point blowout win over the rival Nets on opening night., Watching these Celtics play this season is going to be a ton of fun. Wednesday night's dominant win showed us why: on.nba.com/10AhWX5, Rajon Rondo looked like his "old self" as he led the Celtics in a balanced attack to take down the Nets on Opening Night, 121-105., Whatever the Celtics had for breakfast on Wednesday, they should eat it again. And often: http://on.nba.com/1tjke7T, Listen to Coach Stevens minutes before opening night at the TD Garden., Marc D'Amico catches up with an exclusive one-on-one with Marcus Smart before the tip off of the regular season., American Express Home Court Advantage returns live tonight at 6:30pm EST exclusively on the Celtics mobile app and Celtics.com. Download the app now to watch live and get the latest pregame information before every home game at TD Garden! Download now: bit.ly/1pZqBIp, The Celtics prepare for Opening Night against the Brooklyn Nets while Rajon Rondo explains why regular season action is different from preseason ball., The Celtics season begins tonight! Great new gear for men, women and kids is available at Celtics.com/Shop now. http://goo.gl/rAq87y, Opening Night has finally arrived! Marc D'Amico tells you five things to watch out for when we host the Nets tonight: on.nba.com/1thl450, Are you from Vermont and want to sing the National Anthem at a Celtics game? The Celtics are looking for a native of the Green Mountain State to perform before our game on Sunday, November 23. Send your name, contact info, age and a recording of yourself singing the National Anthem to appearances@celtics.com to be considered., Be There as the regular season tips-off at TD Garden tomorrow night vs. Kevin Garnett and the Brooklyn Nets! Tickets start under $30. http://bit.ly/1tfr4uS, Will Rajon Rondo play tomorrow against the Nets on Opening Night at TD Garden? Emily Austen gives you the latest update in Tuesday's Optum Practice Report., There’s nothing like Opening Night, and we’re about to experience the 68th in Celtics history Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/1tC0k7M, The Boston Celtics and GovX.com want to thank our heroes at home and abroad! Current and former military and first responders have access to specially priced tickets all season!

View available games: http://www.nba.com/celtics/tickets/govx

Be sure to spread the word to any friends and family that have served so they can take advantage of this great opportunity!, Rajon Rondo shares his thoughts on the possibility of playing Opening Night this Wednesday and Marcus Smart talks about his adjustment to the NBA and shooting from 3-point range., Marc D'Amico writes that Rajon Rondo's conditioning level will his minutes dispersal upon his return: on.nba.com/1rNbxya, The Celtics partnered with New England Baptist Hospital to host their annual Shamrock Gala this past week.  Check out the best photos from the event here: http://on.nba.com/1tX9pKq, Celtics legend JoJo White talks about his brain tumor diagnosis and his involvement with National Brain Tumor Society., Brad Stevens, Kelly Olynyk and Jared Sullinger reinforce that November's difficult schedule must be taken one game at a time., Danny Ainge and Jared Sullinger discuss the Celtics' claiming of Jarell Eddie off of waivers: http://on.nba.com/1nCKRU6, Brad Stevens updates the media on Rajon Rondo's status and how the point guard has looked in practice., All positive news on the Rajon Rondo front. Opening Night continues to become more and more of a possibility: http://on.nba.com/ZJPsc2, Ticket Thursday: Opening Night Family Pack offer. Act fast and save: http://bit.ly/ZOTEHJ, After the Celtics final preseason game, Jared Sullinger explains how he’s going to handle extra pressure after putting up great exhibition numbers, while the Celtics discuss how they’ve improved as a team in the past month., Emily and Marc discuss Marcus Smart and Jared Sullinger's impact in the Celtics win over the Nets in their preseason finale., A crop of Boston's of future reserves looked darn good Wednesday night. So did Jared Sullinger. How good? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/1wcNPC2, Listen to Brad Stevens just minutes before tonight's pre-season finale as the Celtics host the Nets., Marc D'Amico tells you what to expect during tonight's preseason finale between the Celtics and Nets: http://on.nba.com/1t5kIhF, We can #StopEbola, but we need to act NOW! Text Ebola to 864233 to donate $10 to @UNICEFUSA & help save lives: http://bit.ly/StopEbolaNowVideo http://bit.ly/stopebolanow
#StopEbola, There’s still time to enter the Bring-a-Friend Sweepstakes! Pick your game now:
http://on.nba.com/1CUQUqT, Rookie James Young talks about getting back into the rotation in practice after being out with a pulled hamstring while Brad Stevens announces who will be waived from the Celtics’ roster., The Celtics want to turn their games into a race and "outlast" opponents this season. Marc D'Amico has the story here http://on.nba.com/1pxxrV5, Bass a 3 point shooter? Emily reports on how long he's been working on extending his range and also discusses the Celtics come from behind win against the Nets on Sunday., Rajon Rondo may return for Opening Night, just four weeks after fracturing his left hand. Marc D'Amico has the story here: http://on.nba.com/1uvkuwL, Jared Sullinger did ridiculously big things on Sunday despite playing only 28-plus minutes. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1t3UlK3, The Celtics share their thoughts on the 44-minute game and Jared Sullinger's solid performance in Boston's win over Brooklyn., After posting 21 points and 19 rebounds, there was no question as to who tonight's Key Player of the game was: http://on.nba.com/1sDNN1Y, Brad Stevens talks about James Young's status, today's 44-minute game and why the Nets' will be a good test for the Celtics' defense., Fans, you may soon get another taste of what rookie James Young brings to the table: http://on.nba.com/1tDodh6, Marc and Emily discuss Sunday's 44-minute game and how the Nets will recover from a trip to China., The Celtics and Nets will square off at 3 p.m. today in an unconventional tilt in Brooklyn. It's time to experiment: http://on.nba.com/1wqmcDW, The Celtics and the Nets are about to become best friends over the next 10 days: http://on.nba.com/1pp3XZx, 10/18 Practice Report: 44-Minute Game

The Celtics discuss playing a 44-minute preseason game against the Nets on Sunday and explain how the time change affects the game., The Boston Celtics have acquired guard Will Bynum from the Detroit Pistons in exchange for center Joel Anthony: http://on.nba.com/1wiMeJa, The Celtics dominate performance on the second night of a back-to-back was fueled by Jared Sullinger and Avery Bradley's lights out shooting. Check out what they had to say after the game., Jared Sullinger and Avery Bradley paced the Celtics as they made it rain on the Sixers Thursday night in Philly: http://on.nba.com/1tyGcoQ, Introducing Ticket Thursdays! Purchase $15 tickets in Row 15 for select games. See you at TD Garden!
http://on.nba.com/1xWiDof, Rajon Rondo gives Emily Austen the latest update on his hand injury and how he's helping the Celtics improve from the sidelines this preseason., Brad Stevens thinks the Philadelphia 76ers might be "the best" in the NBA in one particular area of the game. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1suXkID, It's Gameday, and in this edition of Game Preview, Marc and Emily discuss back-to-backs, expectations for Jeff Green, and what it will take for the Celtics to get back in the win column against the Philadelphia 76ers., The C's will visit the 76ers tonight in the final back-to-back matchup of the preseason. Here's what to look for: http://on.nba.com/1suf0E9, Emily breaks down the Celtics heart-breaking loss to  The Toronto Raptors in Portland, Maine, and discusses the teams strong play down the stretch., When the Celtics acquired Tyler Zeller on early July, THIS is what they were expecting: http://on.nba.com/ZvONuH, Avery Bradley hit a big shot for Boston on Wednesday night, but Lou Williams hit a bigger one for Toronto: http://on.nba.com/1DeauhU, An in-depth Pregame Post Up from Marc D'Amico - Brad Stevens discusses new starting lineup and Sunday's experimental 44-minute game against the Nets: http://on.nba.com/1ob93O4, The Celtics should have much more firepower in their corner tonight during Round 2 against the Raptors: http://on.nba.com/1oaulLD, Kyle Lowry got the best of Marcus Smart on Friday. That isn't sitting well with the rookie as Wednesday's rematch approaches: http://on.nba.com/1sdieM7, The Celtics discuss how Monday's practice went after a day off and rookie Marcus Smart looks ahead to his rematch against Kyle Lowry on Wednesday., The Celtics finally have Jeff Green back in the lineup. As a result, they also have a dangerous playmaking combo to call on with he and Evan Turner: http://on.nba.com/ZWU5jS, After being out the last 10 days with a calf strain, Jeff Green returns to practice., Emily discusses Jared Sullinger's night and the upcoming practice time after a stretch of 4 games in 6 nights to start the preseason schedule., Marc and Emily discuss the Celtics loss to the Knicks at Mohegan Sun after a grueling 4 games in 6 days stretch to start their preseason schedule., The C's couldn't find the bottom of the net in the second half of Saturday night's matchup with the Knicks, but that didn't stop a certain player on the bench from showcasing his scoring skills yet again: http://on.nba.com/ZzMsPF, Forward Jeff Green speaks with Emily Austen about how close he is to returning to the lineup., When Avery Bradley catches fire, you better watch out.  Ooops.  Sorry, Raptors.  That warning came a little bit late. http://on.nba.com/1swEwKK, Despite a loss, the Celtics' big men accounted for more than half of the team's assists while Avery Bradley and Marcus Thornton had great shooting nights for Boston., Emily Austen catches up with Celtics rookie Dwight Powell about playing in his hometown of Toronto and how difficult it was to switch from the 4 to the 3 at the NBA level., Listen to Brad Stevens speak to the media just before the Celtics take on the Raptors in Toronto., Rajon Rondo has returned to the Celtics lineup - at least in practice. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1rlTMV0, Emily and Marc preview tonight's game between the the Celtics and the Raptors as Boston looks to remain perfect in preseason play., Rookie Marcus Smart is looking forward to teaming up with Avery Bradley on defense tonight against the Toronto Raptors., Boston will attempt to remain undefeated in preseason action when it takes on Toronto tonight at the Air Canada Centre. Here's what to look out for: http://on.nba.com/1yhjxi7, Jeff Green is frustrated by his lingering calf injury, but he's wise in not rushing his return to the court: http://on.nba.com/1o1Quff, Head coach Brad Stevens discusses the advantages and disadvantages of post play from his big men at the Celtics practice in Toronto on Thursday., Rookie James Young sits down for his first video blog entry to discuss the Draft, joining the Celtics, and his first preseason game., The Celtics shot the lights out in their 20-point victory over the Knicks on Wednesday night in Hartford, CT., Brad Stevens delivered a subtle message to the Celtics after they shot 34.1 percent Monday night: keep shooting. They listened, and it worked: http://on.nba.com/ZRNhUy, If you happen to pass by Jared Sullinger in the next few days, try not to touch him. The dude is scorching hot after his performance Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/1ndCput, A limited number of $15 tickets were just released for Opening Night at TD Garden vs. Kevin Garnett and the Brooklyn Nets. Buy your seats now and Be There! http://bit.ly/10QWgFM, Which Celtics home game do you want to attend this season? Enter the Bring-a-Friend Sweepstakes and you could Be There!

Enter now: http://on.nba.com/1CUQUqT, The Celtics view the Knicks as a tough challenge as the teams head into tonight's preseason tilt in Hartford: http://on.nba.com/1rh7UPq, The Celtics partnered with the MBTA to launch a Celtics-themed bus shelter located between State Street and Congress Street in downtown Boston., After tallying a win in their first preseason game, the Celtics discuss the defense of Smart and playing a more veteran New York Knicks team next., Marcus Thornton knew he’d be wearing green this season. Little did he know, he’d be seeing green, too http://on.nba.com/1BOjXtI, Celtics assistant coach Walter McCarty and Emily Austen hit the links to see who has a better golf game through nine holes at Granite Links Golf Club. (You can be the judge on their performance!), In tonight's postgame report, the Celtics explain how they turned the game around after a slow start and Emily discusses Evan Turner's first game as a Celtic., In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss Evan Turner's versatility, Marcus Smart contributions and the Celtics defense in their win over Philly., Don't mistake Evan Turner for Big Papi. He isn't aiming for homers. Instead, he's hitting singles for the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1vKT6wy, The Celtics tipped off their preseason schedule in style with a 98-78 win over the Sixers. Here's how it went down: http://on.nba.com/ZPzLB2, Preseason ball tips off tonight! The Celtics host the 76ers at 7:30 p.m. Here's what the lineups are looking like: http://on.nba.com/1uRmLr8, Brad Stevens talks about James Young's shooting and announces that Marcus Smart (sprained groin) and Jeff Green (mild calf strain) will sit out of Sunday's practice with minor injuries., The Celtics discuss what they look to improve on in tonight's open scrimmage in front of season ticket members., The team is about to take the court at open practice! Here's why they think they'll benefit from tonight's scrimmage: http://on.nba.com/1xMzbln, Rookie Marcus Smart about his first time in TD Garden, finding the correct locker and what he wants to get out of Friday's open practice., Hey C's fans...it's Training Camp time! Check out the official Celtics Store now and receive FREE SHIPPING on all orders over $40. Offer is valid through Sunday at 11:59 EST. http://goo.gl/D0ckHk, Don’t miss Cedric Maxwell, Lucky, the Celtics Dancers and your chance to win Boston Celtics tickets at the corner of State and Congress St in downtown Boston tomorrow from 12-1 PM EST!, Emily Austen reports on the Celtics’ conditioning level and the team’s new center, Tyler Zeller., Brad Stevens sat Avery Bradley down for a one-on-one talk this morning. This is what came from it: http://on.nba.com/ZwAtmz , The Celtics discuss how Brad Stevens' demeanor is different from last year's training camp and veteran Jeff Green talks about being a role model to rookie James Young., Marcus Smart and James Young are drawing rave reviews after two days of training camp. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1E1Fcw6, Rajon Rondo has been there.  One of his teammates wants to get there. Here's who's thinking All-Star debut in 2014-15: http://on.nba.com/1thUzbk, Celtics captain Rajon Rondo talked with Celtics.com about his recent injury, his new teammates and his expectations for the upcoming season., Brad Stevens wants the Celtics to play with "pace and space." What does that mean and how is it possible? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/1DXedSc , Who are the leading candidates to fill in at PG while Rajon Rondo is sidelined? One may surprise you!, Go behind the scenes and take a look at the sights and sounds of the 2014 Celtics Media Day., Check out some great shots from yesterday's Celtics Media Day in this exclusive photo gallery: http://on.nba.com/1xwXFPp, Evan Turner is officially a member of the Celtics. Marc D'Amico explains what Turner brings to Boston, including this: the clutch gene. http://on.nba.com/1nA4dJX , The Boston Celtics have signed guard/forward Evan Turner: http://on.nba.com/YCmNW3, Rajon Rondo underwent successful surgical fixation of a left metacarpal fracture this morning at New England Baptist Hospital: 
http://on.nba.com/1u3txZp, The Boston Celtics traded Keith Bogans and two future conditional Sacramento Kings 2nd round picks to the Cleveland Cavaliers in exchange for forwards Dwight Powell, Erik Murphy and Malcolm Thomas, guard John Lucas III, 2016 and 2017 second round picks from Cleveland and a trade exception.

In a related move, the Celtics have waived guard Chris Babb and guard/forward Chris Johnson.
http://on.nba.com/1vkLcLr, Antoine Walker, who's helped bring the Celtics back to the playoffs before, has some encouraging words for Boston: http://on.nba.com/1u2xZri, Great locations will be released for all games during next Thursday’s Fall Ticket Release. Register for access now by subscribing to Club Green e-newsletters presented by Mohegan Sun and lock in your tickets to see Rajon Rondo and the Boston Celtics! http://bit.ly/cg_msun, Celtics rookie Marcus Smart talks about working out with his new teammates and what he's learned from veteran guard Rajon Rondo., Danny Ainge shares his thoughts on the Celtics' offseason moves, the current roster and his overall expectations for this year's team., Celtics head coach Brad Stevens talks about the offseason and explains why he feels more prepared going into his second NBA season., Danny Ainge discusses Rajon Rondo's future in Boston, possible trade rumors and what he expects from the veteran point guard this season., Happy birthday to the one and only Arnold "Red" Auerbach: http://on.nba.com/1ykgs1H, Emily Austen checks in with Boston Celtics forward Jeff Green about his summer, what he wants to improve on this season and why the Celtics will be a better team with a healthy Rajon Rondo., Celtics rookie Marcus Smart raised awareness about the importance of getting more American families online., Antoine Walker sat down with our Marc D'Amico to talk about his return to Boston and his favorite Red Auerbach memories: http://on.nba.com/1sqanYU, Go behind the scenes with Rajon Rondo during his visit to China, including his grueling trip to the Great Wall., Emily Austen chats with former Boston Celtics forward Antoine Walker just after 10 AM EST on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app. Tweet your questions for him with the hashtag #AskToine to join the conversation!, Emily Austen catches up with Tyler Zeller about moving to Boston, filling the center position and playing with Rajon Rondo., Rajon Rondo is healthy, but will he lead the Celtics in PER this season? Marc D'Amico makes that prediction and more right here: http://on.nba.com/1uDL5eq, This week's #SocialCeltics features workout selfies, a birthday "Bass" and post-Labor Day white shorts., Support your C's rookies and gear up for the upcoming season. Get your "Young and Smart" tee at the official Celtics Store now! http://bit.ly/1wnwpCp, Emily Austen sits down with Boston Celtics rookie James Young for a Twitter Q&A interview at the practice facility in Waltham, Massachusetts., The Celtics team up with Harvard Pilgrim Health Care and City Year to revitalize the Hennigan Elementary School in Jamaica Plain, Mass., The #CelticsMailbag asked Marc D'Amico if Jared Sullinger can become an All-Star this season. He answers that and more right here: http://on.nba.com/1rWtz6p, Be the first to own the new adidas Olynyk Silhouette T-Shirt, just arrived at the official Celtics Store. Check it out now!
http://bit.ly/Zggyro, This week's #SocialCeltics features some of the boys back in Beantown, biceps on bikes and yoga headstands., Emily Austen caught up with Celtics forward Jared Sullinger to get an update on his offseason training and to discuss his thoughts on the upcoming season., Join Boston Celtics legend JoJo White’s team for the Boston Brain Tumor Walk on October 26 to support the National Brain Tumor Society: bit.ly/1Cz9tBD, You may not have realized it, but in mid-July the Celtics added some serious firepower to their roster: http://on.nba.com/1ptoF96, This Saturday we will be supporting the American Heart Association -- Massachusetts #BostonHeartWalk along with our partner, Boston Scientific at the DCR Hatch Shell! Hope to see you there! www.facebook.com/AmericanHeartMassachusetts, At a recent visit to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, former Boston Celtics guard and current New Orleans Pelicans broadcaster David Wesley reflected on his time in Boston, Red Auerbach’s legacy and today’s team., Twelve-time NBA All-Star, three-time NBA MVP & three-time NBA champion. We're talking about Larry Legend, of course: http://on.nba.com/1w3qSxI, This week's #SocialCeltics is full of celebrations. From birthday's to National Dog Day, your Celtics celebrated it all., Celtics rookie guard Marcus Smart talks about meeting Rajon Rondo in addition to his goals for training camp and the upcoming season., All NBA players have their strengths, but what about the skills that might fly under the radar? We've compiled a list of some of the Celtics' underrated abilities: http://on.nba.com/1tSVAcz, The Celtics Dancers and Emily Austen workout at CrossFit The Taj to help support Horizons for Homeless Children's fundraiser kettlebells4kids., Happy Birthday to Boston Celtics forward Jeff Green!, Kelly Olynyk and the BCSF host a day of fun at Canobie Lake Park to give children from MSPCC a memorable summer experience., Tickets for the 2014-15 Boston Celtics regular season are on sale now - Be There! Head over to Celtics.com to secure seats for great games at TD Garden to watch Rajon Rondo, Jared Sullinger, Kelly Olynyk and Marcus Smart take the court this season. http://on.nba.com/1vR12Nu, Individual game tickets for 2014-15 Boston Celtics home games will go on sale Wednesday, August 27, 2014 at 11:00AM. To secure seats for the most anticipated matchups of the season, fans can go to Celtics.com, call 800-4NBA-TIX or visit the TD Garden Box Office., Boston Celtics team President Rich Gotham accepted the #IceBucketChallenge from Sun Life Financial U.S. president Dan Fishbein, and then he nominated Avery Bradley, Walter McCarty and team PR Director "Hurricane" Heather Walker., The Celtics wish Legend Tommy Heinsohn a happy 80th birthday with this montage of his playing days and broadcasting career., ICYMI: Marc D'Amico breaks down the Atlantic Division with team-by-team personnel moves and season outlooks http://on.nba.com/1p9Y6M2, There have been A LOT of changes in the Atlantic Division this offseason. Marc D'Amico sums them all up here with team-by-team capsules: http://on.nba.com/1p9Y6M2, #SocialCeltics continues the #IceBucketChallenge from last week and checks out a group selfie and a Sully tweet., Exclusive: Bradley One-on-One

Emily Austen catches up with Celtics guard Avery Bradley to talk about his summer camps, the upcoming season and coming back to Boston., Boston Celtics Managing Partner, Governor & CEO Wyc Grousbeck takes the #IceBucketChallenge with help from Danny Ainge and Rajon Rondo, and challenges NBA Commissioner Adam Silver and Los Angeles Clippers owner Steve Ballmer., Boston Celtics rookie Guard Marcus Smart throws out the first pitch before a Boston Red Sox game at Fenway Park., Which Celtics are set to make "the leap" this season? Marc D'Amico investigates here: http://on.nba.com/1rYO5i0, In #SocialCeltics this week, Celtics players get involved in the #IceBucketChallenge supporting ALS., Watch Marcus Smart and James Young take you through their day at the NBA Rookie Photo Shoot in New York City., Time is running out! Register for free to receive access to tomorrow's ticket presale and Be There for our top games this season: http://on.nba.com/1puN0jr, We all know about the marquee games, but which Celtics home games might be flying under your radar? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/1rdr92W, Want to go camping with Avery Bradley?  Make it happen by clicking here! http://www.bbabasketball.com/teams/?u=BBABASKETBALL&s=basketball&t=c, Register for free by Monday and you’ll have access to a ticket presale on 8/19. Be There for the hottest Celtics matchups this season – register now: http://on.nba.com/1puN0jr, We know you don't want to take notes on the Celtics 2014-15 schedule, so Marc D'Amico did it for you. Here's everything you need to know: http://on.nba.com/1oKxtHj, The Boston Celtics 2014-15 schedule is here, and Emily Austen breaks down the Top 10 home games of the season. View the entire schedule here on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/1mKsg2u, On Tuesday, Kelly Olynyk celebrated summer with children from the MSPCC on a special trip to Canobie Lake Park courtesy of the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation., Kelly Olynyk, freshly off of a European tour with the Canadian National Team, talks about playing for his country., Marc D'Amico opened the #CelticsMailbag and wound up answering questions on the starting lineup, Phil Pressey in the dunk contest and more: http://on.nba.com/1osrm06, Coach Brad Stevens took the #IceBucketChallenge & he’s challenging Boston Celtics fans to donate and help #StrikeOutALS. Tweet us your #IceBucketChallenge video w/ the #CelticsIBC tag & you could win seats on the bench during Open Practice at TD Garden on 10/3!, The Celtics are camping out, working out and dunking it out in this #SocialCeltics video with Emily Austen: http://on.nba.com/1lOY0mP, Pressey helps unveil a renovated game and exercise room at the Home for Little Wanderers in Plymouth., Our Five Facts series wraps up with little-known facts about Avery Bradley, Jared Sullinger, James Young and more: http://on.nba.com/1kL78Oq, Emily Austen talks with new Celtics center Tyler Zeller on the phone for an exclusive interview., The Boston Celtics mascot, Lucky the Leprechaun, helps Boston Bruins mascot Blades accept Baldwin’s #icebucketchallenge to #strikeoutals on behalf of Team FrateTrain

Please visit www.petefrates.com to support this great cause. 

Wally the Green Monster, Slyde, and Pat you have 24 hours to complete the challenge!, The Celtics will open an eight-game 2014 preseason schedule on Monday, October 6. Find the full schedule here: http://on.nba.com/1lxqNw8 , Which two Celtics played quarterback in high school? Find out who with another edition of Five Facts: http://on.nba.com/1sqXe5p, Emily Austen catches up with all the Celtics' latest posts on social media for this week's edition of #SocialCeltics.  http://on.nba.com/1uf0ccs, What was chanted every time Jeff Green's mom entered the gym at Georgetown? That and more in this edition of Five Facts: http://on.nba.com/1tEdrpE, You sent the questions in, Emily Austen asked them, and Phil Pressey answered them. Here's Part 2 of #AskPressey: http://on.nba.com/UOdika, Wanna learn hoops from a Hall of Famer and Celtics legend this summer? There's still time to register for Celtics Cowens Camps, presented by adidas.
Sign up now: http://bit.ly/1ru0onb, Phil Pressey used the "P" word - as in Playoffs - during this Q&A with Emily Austen.  All of these questions were submitted by you, the fans, via Twitter and #AskPressey. Here's part 1: http://on.nba.com/1o4KNdA, 7/30/14: Emily sits down with Phil Pressey to ask him questions that fans submitted through Twitter using #AskPressey.

http://on.nba.com/1o4KNdA, ICYMI, Emily Austen wraps up a week's worth of social media posts from our players in this #SocialCeltics video: on.nba.com/UzHNL9, We know it's tough to keep up with all of our players on social media, so Emily Austen does it for you in our #SocialCeltics video. Spoiler alert: there's some strong #SelfieGame to be seen. http://on.nba.com/UzHNL9, We’re proud to support the American Heart Association’s Boston Heart Walk along with our partner, Boston Scientific on September 6th at the Hatch Shell!, ICYMI: Who will start at center for the Celtics this coming season? Marc D'Amico makes a case for five options http://on.nba.com/1pxKJA1, Who will start at center for the Celtics this coming season? Marc D'Amico makes a case for each of the team's five options: http://on.nba.com/1pxKJA1, Today is your last chance to enter to win the experience of a Celtics Draft Pick thanks to adidas! Win a personalized Celtics jersey, a private tour of the Celtics practice facility, and more! No purchase necessary. Click here to enter: http://on.nba.com/1oHZccc, Here's a behind-the-scenes look at what some of the young Celtics players have been working on in the gym this offseason.

http://on.nba.com/1lDmzCU, Like our brand new logo? Check out the Lucky Alternate logo collection by adidas on the Celtics official online store. Sport the new logo on T-shirts and hats now! , If Marcus Smart's summer league performance wasn't enough to get you excited, this should definitely help: http://on.nba.com/1kcx9WC, Marcus Smart has been chosen as 1 of 13 members of the USA Men's Select Team that will train with the National Team: http://bit.ly/1lqGFjK, The 2014-15 Celtics Dancers have been chosen! Watch the team come together here: http://on.nba.com/1rGY4K1, adidas and the Celtics want to make one lucky fan feel like a Celtics Draft Pick! Click the link to enter to win a personalized Celtics jersey, a private tour of the Celtics practice facility, and more! No purchase necessary. , Check out our brand-new alternate logo, created in house by Celtics Creative Director Keith Sliney: http://on.nba.com/1na6w3w, Here is the full press release on today's trade with the Washington Wizards: http://on.nba.com/1tjb1tD, We're 18 days into free agency and August is right around the corner. Here's a rundown of where the Celtics stand as of today: http://on.nba.com/Ug2sDF, Check out Kelly Olynyk's musical skills in this video from the Lowell Boys & Girls Club: http://on.nba.com/1stiFUG, The Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation, TD Bank and Celtics Forward Kelly Olynyk unveiled a new music clubhouse at the Boys and Girls Club in Lowell, MA.

http://on.nba.com/1stiFUG, Avery Bradley's back in Boston. Emily Austen gives you a review of his career-best numbers last year and why Danny Ainge wants him in green: http://on.nba.com/1rrc5v2 , Want to get the experience of a Celtics Draft Pick? Now’s your chance thanks to adidas! adidas and the Celtics are going to give one lucky winner their own personalized Celtics jersey, a private tour of the Celtics practice facility, and more! No purchase necessary. Click here to enter: http://on.nba.com/1oHZccc , Emily Austen discusses the Celtics re-signing Avery Bradley and reviews the guard's career numbers from last season.

http://on.nba.com/1rrc5v2, Need a reminder as to why Danny Ainge is "ecstatic" to have brought back Avery Bradley? Here it is: http://on.nba.com/PUVL7w, ICYMI last night - Avery Bradley has re-signed with the Celtics. As told here by Marc D'Amico, the marriage was never in jeopardy: http://on.nba.com/1ku0E0G, Avery Bradley wasn't going anywhere. His marriage with the Celtics was destined to continue, and Marc D'Amico tells you why in this story: http://on.nba.com/1ku0E0G, It's official: Avery Bradley is back with the Celtics after signing a new deal http://on.nba.com/1wsqA2i, Watch Brandon Bass play ping pong, shoot hoops and hang out with students at the Step Your Game Up season-ending event: http://on.nba.com/1nE2Fw6, You watched Marcus Smart avg 14.8 PPG, 4.2 RPG and 4.2 APG last week in Orlando. Now it's time for you to watch the journey he took through the Draft process, which landed him in Boston: http://on.nba.com/1oVMJok, Watch Emily Austen and Marc DAmico recap the Celtics' week in Orlando here: http://on.nba.com/1m1x3va, The Celtics wrapped up their summer league play today with a loss to the Pacers. Here's the recap, including some final stats for the week: http://on.nba.com/1kM8p1S, What have the Celtics added in Tyler Zeller and Marcus Thornton? Danny Ainge and Brad Stevens tell you here: http://on.nba.com/1rcAW5Q, Marcus Smart put the Celtics on his back and led them to a 76-67 victory Thursday night. Here's your recap: http://on.nba.com/1y0xGh6, Watch Brad Stevens discuss his relationship with Tyler Zeller, as well as the strengths of Zeller and Marcus Thornton: http://on.nba.com/1oHVvVo, Danny Ainge speaks to the media about today's three-way deal between the Celtics, Cavs and Nets: http://on.nba.com/1oHMITl, Watch Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico break down today's three-way deal between the Celtics, Cavs and Nets: http://on.nba.com/1xZCAuy, Danny Ainge the thief? Pretty much. Thursday's trade was an absolute steal, and here's why: http://on.nba.com/1xYGnZf, Wondering what Tyler Zeller brings to the Celtics? Watch this highlight reel to find out: http://on.nba.com/1mO2AXm, The Summer Celtics are doing their best Spurs impression in Orlando, and it's leading to team and individual success: http://on.nba.com/1k7lUZV, Here's how the Celtics overcame a frightening injury to pull away from the Pistons and then hold on in crunch time: http://on.nba.com/1jrXUpT, The Celtics discuss their disappointing loss on Monday, as well as how they'll move on and be ready for their next matchup http://on.nba.com/1zl7JKJ, The Celtics didn't enjoy playing through a lopsided loss on Monday, but they're already using it as motivation for Wednesday: http://on.nba.com/1mtbMP6, The Celtics came out of the gates hot but wound up falling to the Pacers in Orlando. Recap here: http://on.nba.com/1qd0G0A, How confident is Phil Pressey? Emily Austen brings you the answer to that question here: http://on.nba.com/1r1mail, James Young remains sidelined in Orlando but could take a big step today toward returning to the lineup. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1ktKvbd, A win, plus two lottery picks dominating each end of the court? Yep, Saturday was a great success for the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/TKEkbG, Emily Austen recaps today's Celtics win, which was spurred by a big game from Kelly Olynyk: http://on.nba.com/1lIxOce, Marcus Smart chats with Emily Austen after his first game as a pro: http://on.nba.com/1qyOBoz, Clutch scoring and shutdown defense powered the Celtics to an 85-77 win over the Heat today. Here's your recap: http://on.nba.com/1kqbc0y, The format has changed for the Orlando Pro Summer League. Jay Larranaga and Jared Sullinger comment on why the Celtics are already enjoying the new layout: http://on.nba.com/TFCyso, Watch Marcus Smart talk about his leadership role on the Celtics summer league team: http://on.nba.com/1odEthE, Rookie James Young saw his 1st MLB game from the Green Monster at Fenway last night. More on his experience: http://on.nba.com/1ocZWqP, Hadn't heard from Colton Iverson in a while? Hey, us either... until Tuesday. He's back, and he's poised to make a run at a spot on the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/VdZhgs , On their first day as Celtics, Marcus Smart and James Young helped to open a computer lab in Charlestown while learning about the franchise and city: http://on.nba.com/1qxQcwd, We picked 16 Celtics Dancers last night to make up the 2014-15 team. See them for the first time here: http://on.nba.com/1mRCvp9, The Celtics talk about what they want to prove at summer league and how the second-year guys can be leaders to the incoming rookies.

http://on.nba.com/1qOjtQX, Marcus Smart doesn't need to go to class anymore, but he and his fellow rookies just began NBA Basketball 101: http://on.nba.com/1qO7JxY, Watch Emily Austen's one-on-one with Marcus Smart following his introductory press conference with the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1iVaOfi, Marcus Smart and James Young have only been Celtics for a few days, but it sure doesn't feel that way: http://on.nba.com/1mOa6Ao, null, Welcome the Celtics' 1st Round Draft Picks to Boston! Pre-order your Marcus Smart and James Young jerseys from the official C's store, Celtics.com/Shop, now.  , Celtics President of Basketball Operations Danny Ainge discusses the #Celtics 2014 Draft picks Smart & Young. Watch: http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2014/06/27/AingeDannyPostDraftPresser062614-3312540/
, The Celtics added Marcus Smart and James Young via the NBA Draft. They also added offense that they desperately needed: http://on.nba.com/1pUIdaQ, The newest Celtic, James Young, talks with Marc D'Amico about his offensive game and his relationship with Marcus Smart: http://on.nba.com/1jpZeDP, Just minutes after the Celtics chose him with the No. 6 pick, Marcus Smart talks with Marc DAmico in this exclusive one-on-one: http://on.nba.com/1lTwWpB, Coach Stevens was surprised James Young was still available at 17 and praised his scorer's mentality. Watch: http://on.nba.com/1qhcfai
, Coach Stevens said he was thrilled PG Marcus Smart was available at No. 6. Watch: http://on.nba.com/1qM5ihy
, Two picks remain before No. 6. Pass the time by seeing what other Celtics fans had to say about tonight's Draft: http://on.nba.com/1mAnnfD, Take the Stage and represent the Celtics in the adidas Authentic 2014 NBA Draft Hat. Get yours now on the official team store, Celtics.com/Shop. Enter the code HAT at checkout to receive 20% off the Draft Hat through tonight at 11:59 PST. , Where do the top prospects want to land during Thursday night's NBA Draft? Let's just say the Celtics are on their minds: http://on.nba.com/1ldMCzw , Top prospects Andrew Wiggins, Noah Vonleh, Doug McDermott and more discuss their anxiety levels leading up to Thursday night's Draft: http://on.nba.com/TjZrBx, Emily Austen gives you an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at one of Jared Sullinger's offseason workouts.

http://on.nba.com/1pOTaL3, ESPN's Jeff Goodman called in to talk to Emily Austen about one of the Draft's top prospects, Andrew Wiggins. Watch here: http://on.nba.com/1mkrc8I, Take the Stage and represent the Celtics in the adidas Authentic 2014 NBA Draft Hat. Get yours now on the official Celtics store. Enter the code HAT at checkout to receive 20% off the Draft Hat through Thursday at 11:59 PST. , Our final Draft Profile is on phenom Andrew Wiggins. As you'll read here, he's really, really good, and he almost wasn't a member of this Draft class: http://on.nba.com/1ruCiIJ, Some consider Julius Randle to be one of the most NBA-ready players in the NBA Draft. Why? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/Tp7q0m, Want to know what Kentucky's coaching staff thinks of power forward Julius Randle? Here's UK associate head coach Kenny Payne with Emily Austen: http://on.nba.com/1uXq8rZ, Only 10 hours left to enter our Mock Draft Contest! Submit your top 10 Draft picks and you could wind up hanging with the Celtics! http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, We want YOU to predict the top 10 picks in the NBA Draft. Go make your picks now and you could win an awesome prize: http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, Austin Ainge addresses the media and discusses how injuries effect the draft during the Celtics final draft workout. Watch: http://on.nba.com/1nUNRbd, The Lottery squandered any hope of the Celtics drafting one of the stars of the Draft, Joel Embiid, Andrew Wiggins or Jabari Parker. That is, until Thursday: http://on.nba.com/1nUL81t, EXCLUSIVE: @emilyausten_ talks with the best Jabari Parker source around - Duke's Coach K - in this exclusive 1-on-1: http://on.nba.com/1iRror8, Marc D'Amico spent a couple of hours watching film of Jabari Parker. Celtics fans should be interested in who Parker reminded him of: http://on.nba.com/TekXYO, If you like amazing prizes and NBA mock drafts, then you're going to love this contest. Enter now - time's running out: http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, Here's why a few of today's Celtics workout prospects felt an added level of comfort during their stay in Boston: http://on.nba.com/1qwG6eS, Today's Draft Profile spotlight is on Kentucky's James Young, who got better and better as the NCAA tourney went on: http://on.nba.com/1lKD2nI, Kelly Olynyk gives you a detailed rundown of the meals he ate during the second day of his trip to Vietnam: http://on.nba.com/1lCWySV, Tune-in alert: Rajon Rondo will guest host Numbers Never Lie at noon ET today on ESPN. Make sure you tune in to watch him!, ICYMI: The legendary Coach K chats with Emily Austen about Rodney Hood's potential http://on.nba.com/1iHfUqd, The legendary Coach K chats with Emily Austen about Rodney Hood's potential: http://on.nba.com/1iHfUqd, You want size at shooting guard? Rodney Hood can provide it. Oh, and he can shoot the rock, too: http://on.nba.com/1iaTEKH, Who's going to pick who on Draft night? Go submit your top 10 mock draft and you could win awesome Celtics prizes: http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, Didn't get what you wanted for Father's Day? We're offering an additional 10% off the Father's Day category on the Celtics official store now. Shop now and simply enter the code DAD10 during checkout. 

Deal ends 6/18 at 11:59 p.m. PST., Wait until you hear what version of Rajon Rondo Kelly Olynyk found in Vietnam. Find his Day 1 travel journal here: http://on.nba.com/1lCWySV, Didn't watch much of Jerami Grant during his Cuse days? No worries. We have all the info you need on him right here: http://on.nba.com/1uBv4T6, Use our drag-and-drop functionality to fill out your top 10 mock draft and you could wind up face-to-face with the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, You'll want to hear what Syracuse head coach Jim Boeheim thinks about Jerami Grant's potential/upside. Watch here: http://on.nba.com/1i62OrD, One thing was clear after listening to Shabazz Napier today: the guy will always bleed green http://on.nba.com/1nL6FcP , Brad Stevens discusses the intensity of pre-Draft workouts and how important these days are to the players: http://on.nba.com/1pCaLak, Zach LaVine might be the top athlete in this year's NBA Draft. Learn about his freak athleticism here: http://on.nba.com/1uytgKw, Listen to UCLA head coach Steve Alford talk to Emily Austen about Zach LaVine's freak athleticism in this Draft Profile vid: http://on.nba.com/1lsrew0, Less than a week left to enter our Mock Draft Contest! Go make your picks and you could win amazing prizes: http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, Star big man Julius Randle worked out for us on Friday, and we caught up with him after. Here's what he had to say: http://on.nba.com/1nd8Sfi, He grew up in Roxbury, he won 2 titles at UConn and now he's on the verge of an NBA career. Read up on Shabazz Napier: http://on.nba.com/SHmHJk, EXCLUSIVE: UConn head coach Kevin Ollie calls in to talk to Emily Austen about the star point guard that led his team to a title, Shabazz Napier http://on.nba.com/1omBZCj, On the 30-year anniversary of the 1984 Championship, Gerald Henderson relives his huge steal in Game 2 that helped propel the Boston Celtics to a seven-game series win over the LA Lakers for Banner 15:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzqDwZuPKJw&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, Some big time names made their way into the Celtics practice facility on Thursday. So did some big time competition: http://on.nba.com/1hS3b9i, Michigan beat writer Rod Beard calls former guard Nik Stauskas a "gym rat" during this interview with Emily Austen: http://on.nba.com/1krRqko, Nik Stauskas grew eight inches during his junior year of high school and is the reigning Big Ten Player of the Year. More great info on him here: http://on.nba.com/1ld2MJ1, Check out our Celtics Mock Draft Contest! Make your picks, compare them to other fans, and you could win great prizes http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, We've launched a Mock Draft Contest with AMAZING prizes! Click this link and go have some fun making your picks: http://on.nba.com/1l2nvFd, From Haverhill, Mass. to Boston. That's the move Indiana prospect Noah Vonleh wants to make: http://on.nba.com/1pIIwV9, Brad Stevens talks about the pre-Draft workout process, his participation in the workout drills, and Rajon Rondo's offseason: http://on.nba.com/1n6vfDd, Joel Embiid has only been playing basketball for four years. As is detailed here by Marc D'Amico, he's come a LONG way in those four years: http://on.nba.com/1ioBwHN, Is Joel Embiid the next Hakeem Olajuwan? Hear what ESPN's Jeff Goodman has to say about that notion to Emily Austen: http://on.nba.com/1kONaAc, Our Stay in School program recently honored students with perfect attendance. Kelly Olynyk was at the event and you can watch the recap here: http://on.nba.com/1hMNuQA, Dante Exum's film forced Marc D'Amico to write these notes at different times: "Very quick," "Ultra-quick," "Lightning-quick." Yep. He's quick, and here's a lot more info about him: http://on.nba.com/UrFASk, ESPN's Fran Fraschilla explains to Emily Austen why Australia's Dante Exum is the "mystery man" in this year's draft: http://on.nba.com/SKAKy2, ICYMI: You already know that Noah Vonleh has freakish hands, as Emily Austen showed you at the NBA Draft Combine. Here's what you don't know about him, via Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/SsqURa, Emily Austen already showed you that Noah Vonleh has freakishly huge hands.  But here's what you don't know about Vonleh, via Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/SsqURa, Indiana Hoosiers beat writer Dustin Dopirak talks with Emily Austen about prospect Noah Vonleh, who has a 7'4.5" wingspan: http://on.nba.com/1l0prrY, Great athleticism, energy and a high motor are just a few of the things that Aaron Gordon brings to the table. Read his full draft profile here: http://on.nba.com/1i8Jrsv, Arizona head coach Sean Miller spoke with Celtics.com's Emily Austen about what qualities Aaron Gordon brings into the Draft: on.nba.com/1j6wkZ9, The Finals begin at 9 p.m. tonight on ABC Television Network! Tune in for Game 1 of the rematch between the Heat and Spurs., Draft Prospect T.J. Warren (NC State) is an absolute scoring machine, and this is why: http://on.nba.com/1pTWF1g , NC State head coach Mark Gottfried called in to talk to Emily Austen about ACC Player of the Year T.J. Warren, who can absolutely fill it up. Watch it here: http://on.nba.com/1i5UJhf, ICYMI: The Celtics ran a different type of workout Wed. when Adreian Payne & Clint Capela were in town. More here: http://on.nba.com/1hzCFBn, The Celtics host potential first round picks, Adreian Payne of MSU and Clint Capela of France, in the final workout of the week.

http://on.nba.com/1pRPAya, Forward Adreian Payne of Michigan State talks about being the "old man" in this year's draft and his familiarity with current Celtics.

http://on.nba.com/1obJrh5, What are Marcus Smart's most appealing attributes? Here's our detailed Draft Profile on the Oklahoma State star: http://on.nba.com/1uiIs0l, Oklahoma State head coach Travis Ford calls Marcus Smart a "physical force" in this interview with Emily Austen_. Hear what else he had to say here: http://on.nba.com/1pFB931, ICYMI: Tuesday's Draft workout was a battle of wing players who are all shooting for the same Draft Day goal: http://on.nba.com/1kAV68i , ICYMI: Brad Stevens played a big role in Tuesday's Draft workout. That struck a chord with some of the prospects: http://on.nba.com/1p5tHLS, Forward DeAndre Daniels of UCONN talks about Brad Stevens as a NBA coach and how his workout went with the Celtics.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/draft-workout-deandre-daniels, Brad Stevens took part in Tuesday's draft workouts as prospects share their thoughts on playing for the young coach.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/draft-workout-day-2-wrap, As Marc D'Amico writes, Tuesday's Draft workout was a battle of wings who are battling for the same Draft Day goal: http://on.nba.com/1kAV68i, Wichita State's Cleanthony Early made a bold statement following today's Draft workout. Watch his interview here: http://on.nba.com/1tFnqa0, Forward Cleanthony Early of Wichita State discusses his motive at draft workouts and why he's ready for the NBA.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/draft-workout-cleanthony-early, Joe Rexrode of the Detroit Free Press calls Adreian Payne a "lethal weapon" on offense during this interview with Emily Austen: http://on.nba.com/1h5eGJR, Michigan State's Adreian Payne has a crazy 7-foot-4 wingspan - 7-foot-4! Here's how that translates to his play on the court: http://on.nba.com/1mOeUms, ICYMI: We held our first Draft workout on Monday with 12 guards and forwards. Here's what the guys had to say about the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/U8Xl93, Rajon Rondo talks about his offseason plans and his love of Boston during this surprise interview with the media: http://on.nba.com/1rEa6aa, Marc D'Amico breaks down Croatian phenom Dario Saric's game in the latest edition of our Draft Profile Series: http://on.nba.com/1mKCctw, Following a workout for the Celtics, former Louisville guard Russ Smith discusses his friendship with Rajon Rondo: http://on.nba.com/1tCp24h, ESPN's Fran Fraschilla has watched Dario Saric develop since the prospect was 16 years old. Here's why Fraschilla calls Saric a "prodigy": http://on.nba.com/U74TZZ, Everything you need to know about Draft prospect Tyler Ennis, plus an exclusive interview with Jim Boeheim, is right here: http://on.nba.com/1pskWOy, "Tyler Ennis is one of the most poised players to have entered the Draft in recent memory." Read the rest of his Draft Profile here http://on.nba.com/1pskWOy, Dreaming about becoming a Celtics Dancer? Auditions begin on Tuesday, June 3 in Los Angeles. Click here for more information: http://on.nba.com/SksK6W, You won't get this anywhere else: Hall of Fame Syracuse head coach Jim Boeheim gives an exclusive interview to Emily Austen on point guard Tyler Ennis: http://on.nba.com/1jAQrxX, Offering you a special "Friday Jump Ball"...save over 70% on the adidas Shattered Logo Snap Back hat. Regular price of $23.95 available now for $6.95. Get yours now while supplies last! , Texas Legends head coach Eduardo Najera on P.J. Hairston: "There's no question he's a pure shooter." Watch the full interview with Emily Austen here: http://on.nba.com/1wtGOuN, P.J. Hairston made the rare move from up-and-coming UNC star to D-League star - in the middle of the school year. Here's why, plus his scouting report and measurements: http://on.nba.com/1hCiygl, Want to learn basketball fundamentals from Celtics Legend Dave Cowens this summer? Sign up now for Celtics Cowens Camps Presented by adidas. Offering 5 weeks at the Celtics Practice Facility AND 2 weeks at the adidas facility in Canton. 

Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. For more information and to sign up, visit: www.celtics.com/camps now!, MSU beat writer Joe Rexrode of the Detroit Free Press joined Emily Austen to discuss Gary Harris. Rexrode compares Harris to an up-and-coming NBA star.  Find out who by clicking here: http://on.nba.com/1nuPoaX, Today's Draft Profile: MSU shooting guard Gary Harris. Here's his Combine interview and everything else you need to know about him: http://on.nba.com/1oK9bQI, ICYMI: Here's our full Draft Profile on Clint Capela, with a scouting report, measurements, video and more.
http://on.nba.com/1oGDGqK, Here's our full Draft Profile on Clint Capela, with a scouting report, measurements, video and more. This guy is a freak athlete: http://on.nba.com/1oGDGqK, Today's Draft Profile is on Swiss big man Clint Capela. ESPN College Basketball Analyst Fran Fraschilla breaks down his game with Emily Emily Austen here: http://on.nba.com/1jYgepp, Everything you need to know about Doug McDermott, including interviews with both him and his dad/coach, is right here on his Draft Profile: http://on.nba.com/1nm6iIQ , We're trailblazing with our new Draft Profile Series, which tips off today with national Player of the Year Doug McDermott. His father and coach, Greg, called in to Celtics.com to talk about the "quantum leap" his son took to stardom: http://on.nba.com/1jEsSZn, Kelly Olynyk has been chosen to the 2013-14 NBA All-Rookie Second Team. Here are the final voting totals: http://on.nba.com/1hd9a2H, Listen to Danny Ainge's comments following Tuesday night's NBA Draft Lottery: http://on.nba.com/Sj8UsX, Watch as Kelly Olynyk and Phil Pressey share their thoughts after the C's landed the sixth pick in the 2014 NBA Draft., Danny Ainge and the Celtics are excited about what could happen over the next 5 weeks. "Everything is possible," he says. http://on.nba.com/1j6D887, Hear Danny Ainge's reaction after the Celtics received the 6th overall pick in the 2014 NBA Draft:  http://youtu.be/PzNpFtYvUSw, Percentages held true and the Celtics received the No. 6 pick in this year's Draft. Here are the top players who've recently been chosen at No. 6 and No. 17: http://on.nba.com/1jBthgt, T-minus five hours until the drawing! Here's a team-by-team preview of tonight's NBA Draft Lottery: http://on.nba.com/R5iq1s, Check out the NBA Draft Lottery Special on the official Celtics store! Take 25% of all apparel and jerseys now! Just use the code DRAFT25 at checkout.
Deal ends Thursday, 5/22 at 11:59 p.m. PST. http://bit.ly/Tqjr6m
, May 21 is Iced Coffee Day at Dunkin’ Donuts! $1 from every cup of its Iced Coffee sold will benefit Boston Children’s Hospital and Children’s Hospital at Dartmouth-Hitchcock!, Ohio State point guard Aaron Craft explains why he's leaning heavily on Jared Sullinger during the NBA Draft process: http://on.nba.com/1qQ8WrI, Many of the top prospects met with the Celtics at the NBA Draft Combine. Hear what they had to say about Brad Stevens: http://on.nba.com/1qL2KkO, Who jumped ridiculously high? Who moved at a crazy-quick pace? Find out here with the top NBA Draft Combine test scores: http://on.nba.com/1sY9FER, Michigan State star Adreian Payne discusses the questions he's been hit with during his NBA Draft Combine interviews: http://on.nba.com/1jRD9BN, Friday was testing day at the NBA Draft Combine. As with any test day, there were winners and there were losers: http://on.nba.com/1lwRMXV, P.J. Hairston, who was suspended by the NCAA for rules violations, reveals his convo with the Celtics regarding his suspension at UNC: http://on.nba.com/1vfYZDw, Watch Kentucky star big man Julius Randle talk at the NBA Draft Combine about how he'll transition to the NBA: http://on.nba.com/1k8BBCZ, Our 2014 Award Series continues with the Unsung Hero award. Find out who earned the honor here: http://on.nba.com/TaS2p3, Day 2 of the NBA Draft Combine is about to begin in Chicago! Here's Emily Austen's wrap up from Day 1: http://on.nba.com/1oWQadi , The playgrounds are where basketball dreams are made. For Shabazz Napier, those dreams were to play for the Boston Celtics. Story here: http://on.nba.com/1sTCVN1, Here's a look at Marc D'Amico's scouting notebook from Day 1 of the NBA Draft Combine: http://on.nba.com/1nPLwk6 , Emily Austen got an exclusive one-on-one interview with Brad Stevens to talk about his first Draft Combine experience. This is good stuff and you can watch it right here: http://on.nba.com/1iZivPm, Here's our interview with Tyler Ennis, the point guard from Syracuse who has drawn rave reviews for his clutch play: http://on.nba.com/1nP534b, You've heard of him, but you haven't heard FROM him - until now. Here's Australian phenom Dante Exum's NBA Draft Combine interview: http://on.nba.com/1k5DrVp, Shabazz Napier, who was born in Roxbury and starred at UConn, talks about the possibility of playing for the Celtics in this video: http://on.nba.com/1mYtv3y, Watch Marcus Smart, a projected lottery pick out of Oklahoma State, discuss the NBA Draft Combine here: http://on.nba.com/1jMCSjB, There is no question who deserves to be named this year’s Sharpshooter for the C's. Here's who took home the honors: http://on.nba.com/1nO9VXe, May 21 is Iced Coffee Day at Dunkin’ Donuts! $1 from every cup of its Iced Coffee sold will benefit Boston Children’s Hospital and Children’s Hospital at Dartmouth-Hitchcock!, Kris Humphries threw down 35 dunks and blocked 31 shots this season. Watch some the best of each in his 2013-14 season highlight reel: http://on.nba.com/RCRnev, Our Awards Series Sixth Man of the Year didn't even join the Celtics until Jan. 7. Here's how he earned the award: http://on.nba.com/1jXR5K2, Need an afternoon pick-me-up?  How about a cup of Kelly Olynyk? Here's his rookie season highlight reel:

http://on.nba.com/1nENa5l, EXCLUSIVE: Celtics assistant GM Mike Zarren gives you the 103 combinations that could win the Lottery for Boston http://on.nba.com/1sby4Vc, We already brought you the #CelticsTop5 off-court moments. Now it's time for you to watch the on-court moments: http://on.nba.com/1iyqq66, This season's Celtics MVP made many people forget that it was his first full season starting at a new position: http://on.nba.com/RxnufH, This highlight reel shows you why Jared Sullinger was chosen as an NBA Rising Star this season: http://on.nba.com/1isULyE, There were plenty of candidates for the Celtics Defensive Player of the Year, but one stood out above the rest: http://on.nba.com/1qaOr8D, Phil Pressey spoke to members of the Watertown Boys and Girls Club about maintaining a healthy and active lifestyle.

http://youtu.be/4PugXCTT7RI, Let’s take a look back at how Rajon Rondo spent the 2013 holiday season helping others.  Vote for Rondo for the 2013-14 NBA Kia Community Assist Award by sharing this video using the hashtags #RAJONRONDO and #KIACOMMUNITYASSIST!

http://on.nba.com/1kPa2hs, We are in the midst of a golden age of the NBA. Talent is everywhere, and anything is possible: http://on.nba.com/1rNexu4, Make sure you vote for Rajon Rondo for the NBA’s 2013-14 Kia Community Assist Award by sharing this picture along with the hashtags #RAJONRONDO & #KIACOMMUNITYASSIST! Fan voting closes on Monday., 5/1/14: Highlights of Celtics Guard Avery Bradley from the 2013-14 season.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2014/05/01/2014SeasonHighlightsAveryBradley-3256384, Have you ever wondered what it would be like to stand at midcourt and perform the National Anthem in front of 18,000-plus at TD Garden? Now is your chance to live the dream! Here's the info on our Anthem open call auditions for the 2014-15 season., Check out highlights of Celtics Point Guard Rajon Rondo since his return on January 17th.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2014/04/29/RondoSeasonHighlights042914mp4-3254106, Team ownership has released the following statement regarding Commissioner Adam Silver's decision: http://on.nba.com/1mVcPcn, Do not forget to vote for Rondo as he competes for the NBA’s 2013-14 Kia Community Assist Award. Share this picture using the hashtag #RAJONRONDO and #KIACOMMUNITYASSIST, Are you an athlete who loves to perform in front of a crowd? If so, you should audition for our Celtics Dunk Team and/or Green Team!  Audition details are in the attached flyers., We're tipping off our offseason Awards Series with the Most Improved Player. Read up on why Kelly Olynyk won the award here: http://on.nba.com/1nXa5IG, Check out highlights of Celtics Forward Brandon Bass during the 2013-14 season.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2014/04/28/BASSSeasonHighlights042514mp4-3252474, Newly elected Mayor Martin Walsh has launched a gun buyback program to help make Boston a safer place.  Celtics guard Avery Bradley is involved and wants you to help by spreading the word.  Visit www.bpdnews.com/bgb for more information., Jeff Green occasionally signs his name by scribbling down 'Jeff "Ironman" Green.' Marc D'Amico explains why the nickname is more than justified: http://on.nba.com/1k2UPaJ, Jared Sullinger joins the Celtics in opening up a new computer lab at Southern New Hampshire University.

http://youtu.be/OoqDFQnwQy4, Celtics forward Jeff Green took second place overall in the 2013-2014 NBA Sportsmanship Award voting., Want to learn to play like the Celtics? Celtics Cowens Camps Presented by adidas are filling up fast for the summer. Offering 5 weeks at the Celtics Practice Facility AND 2 weeks at the adidas facility in Canton. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. For more information and to sign up, visit www.celtics.com/camps now!, Head Coach Brad Stevens and Phil Pressey speak to high school students during a Pep Rally in Hyde Park.

http://youtu.be/iT8agKW7uBg, Bill Russell joins other basketball greats at Mohegan Sun’s Legends of Basketball Philanthropy Awards Gala, as well as a weekend of fantasy camp, a blackjack tournament and more to help raise funds for the National Basketball Retired Players Association. The event tips off on Friday, April 25th! Ticket information here: http://bit.ly/QnouSY, 2013-14 was Year 1 of the rebuilding process for the Boston Celtics. Here's a recap of how it went: http://on.nba.com/1icsCLJ, Rajon Rondo has been nominated as a finalist for the 2013-14 NBA Kia Community Assist Award.  Vote For Rajon by reposting this picture and using the hashtag #RAJONRONDO & #KIACOMMUNITYASSIST, Emily Austen sits down with Brad Stevens to discuss his first NBA season, expectations for Rajon Rondo and summer plans.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YaUXf7vnmM&feature=youtu.be, 4/18/14: Emily Austen gives you a sneak peek of her one-on-one interview with Brad Stevens in the Celtics Minute season finale.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3irPb_XGnA&feature=youtu.be, Boston Celtics center and native Brazilian Vitor Faverani visited WSRO AM 650 to appear as an on-air special guest. Check out the highlights from his visit.

http://youtu.be/cllZhhuIJQM, 4/17/14: The Celtics share their thoughts on head coach Brad Stevens' first season in the NBA.

http://youtu.be/L7jHxH7kYIY, Exclusive: Take a look inside the numbers. We detail the pick probabilities for all 14 NBA Draft Lottery teams: http://on.nba.com/1gDWSzx, The Celtics share their thoughts on this year's team and Brandon Bass talks about receiving the Red Auerbach award.

http://youtu.be/pByMZbGWcBQ, Emily and Marc discuss tonight's season finale, Kelly Olynyk's progress and what to take from the Celtics' season.

http://youtu.be/vC6RRtaidm8, The final chapter of the 2013-14 Celtics season was fitting, and not because of the loss. It goes way deeper than that: http://on.nba.com/1laqFTH, Phil Pressey talks about the mental strength of the Celtics and how the team kept it together.

http://youtu.be/pNhUVmzr2Ko, Brandon Bass speaks to the media for the final time this season after winning the Red Auerbach Award.

http://youtu.be/2qaR1uGlA2U, Rajon Rondo gives his thoughts on this season and the city of Boston.

http://youtu.be/ZTp0fBmGlck, Hear what Coach Brad Stevens had to say after the Celtics lost to the Wizards to end their 2014 season.

http://youtu.be/zYftmhp3P9w, The 2013-14 season is in the books. The season finale was headlined by yet another strong night from Kelly Olynyk: http://on.nba.com/1j4aPaH, Danny Ainge, President of Basketball Operations, addresses the media before the Celtics finale against the Wizards.

http://youtu.be/KICWbOCgpmw, An aspiring singer, Morgan Dzicek gets an opportunity to sing the National Anthem at a Celtics game, after receiving her wish to record a song in Nashville.

http://youtu.be/08XF_uhCr0o, Here is your 2014 Red Auerbach Award Winner: Brandon Bass!, Danny Ainge joins us live on the season finale of Home Court Advantage, presented by American Express, before Celtics-Wizards.  Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Kelly Olynyk, Avery Bradley and the C's will face the playoff-bound Wizards on Fan Appreciation Night.

http://youtu.be/dtuAnEiCy6s, Tonight is Fan Appreciation Night at TD Garden! Come by Section 10 or Section 317 and Check-In at tonight’s game to pick up a complimentary gift from the Boston Celtics & Mohegan Sun, while supplies last!, There will be a lot on the line when the Celtics and Wizards meet tonight on the final night of the regular season: http://on.nba.com/1hLII4A, Don't miss Fan Appreciation Night as the Celtics close out the regular season. Buy your seats from Ticketmaster now!, Emily Austen looks back at Chris Johnson's potential game-tying three-pointer in Philly on Monday.

http://youtu.be/egOeIAQ5zw4, We're all on the same team. #BostonStrong, For the second time in as many games, Kelly Olynyk had himself a career night. That's got to delight C's fans: http://on.nba.com/1krcfjx, Will the Celtics have more than eight available players tonight? Why have the Sixers been so successful against them? We discuss here: http://on.nba.com/1hBAXNG, Emily discusses the Celtics success in Cleveland and looks forward to the road game against Philly.

http://youtu.be/0BVLEUkIexM, Here are all of the details on Kelly Olynyk's career night and the Celtics' dominant victory over the Cavs in Cleveland: http://on.nba.com/1iduZlR, Ever wondered how the Celtics turn from real-life stars to lifelike characters in video games? Well, this ought to answer all of your questions:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zyafh9CWAB8&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, Emily and Marc recap the Celtics' finish, Phil Pressey's game and Boston's balanced attack to beat Charlotte.

http://youtu.be/k21SP__2TF8, Emily Austen highlights Phil Pressey's starting performance while the Celtics share their thoughts on Boston fans. 

http://youtu.be/1rYJqDqjGPY, Phil Pressey found out an hour before tip that he'd be starting in place of Rajon Rondo. Then he went out and played like Rondo: http://on.nba.com/1kfmc3q, Marc D'Amico unveils the process the Celtics went through to become real-life characters for NBA Live '15.

http://youtu.be/Zyafh9CWAB8, The Celtics  and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt read and spent time with Henderson Elementary students at Franklin Park Zoo.

http://youtu.be/DlLGjX71LbA, Brad Stevens shared his thoughts with the media before the Celtics take on the Bobcats.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mI55pYC6OE&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Bobcats. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, The Celtics look to play spoiler and snap the visiting Bobcats five-game winning streak.

Watch this and more on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/R9PIgQ

http://youtu.be/JZCAn3cD2fU, The Celtics and Bobcats haven't squared off since November, and much has changed since then. The two teams might as well be matching up for the first time this season when they meet tonight. Here's what to watch for: http://on.nba.com/1n0ZQWc, Today's 'Friday Jump Ball' - take 20% off the adidas Women's Fadeaway Burnout Long Sleeve V-Neck T-Shirt (http://bit.ly/LC9cau) AND the adidas Women's Transition Burnout Long Sleeve V-Neck T-Shirt (http://bit.ly/1fLvdiG). Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout.
Offer valid through 11:59 PST on April 11., Kelly Olynyk and Cedric Maxwell got an assist in the kitchen from Carolyn's Sakonnet Vineyard as they prepared a nutritious meal in the Action Kitchen at the Seaport Hotel Boston., Avery Bradley is video chatting with fans live right now on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app. Tweet him your questions with #AMEXCeltics. Today's chat is presented by American Express., After sitting three games with Achilles tendinitis, Bradley made up for lost time against the Hawks in Atlanta.

http://youtu.be/jsHPTwV958o, During NBA Green Week presented by Sprint, your old cell phones could mean tickets to a Boston Celtics game! Come out to the Sprint Store on Boylston Street this Thursday from 5 -7 pm, meet Boston Celtics guard Jeff Green and NBA Legend Cedric Maxwell and responsibly recycle your old mobile phones!, Avery Bradley's offensive performance Wednesday night prompted Danny Ainge to call him potentially "unguardable" http://on.nba.com/OGmh45 , The Celtics face the Hawks in Atlanta tonight and expect to have Sullinger and Bradley back in the starting lineup.

Watch this and more on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/1sAJ2Xg

http://youtu.be/Zykgkb4LpPk, Check out the #CelticsTop5 Plays of the Week on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/1hA0gL5, The Celtics discuss what they want to accomplish with just five games left on the schedule this season.

http://youtu.be/C57XOUwyXIw, Those outside of Boston's locker room may think the C's have nothing left to play for this season. Those inside the locker room politely disagree: http://on.nba.com/1eoNfE3, Emily discusses Rondo's first triple-double since returning in January, and what Stevens expects out of Rondo down the stretch.

Watch this and more on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/1oJz3Q3

http://youtu.be/EbgIu-U3ty0, The UConn Huskies are national champions, but who is the #CelticsBrackets Player Challenge king? Here are the final standings of our players' hand-filled brackets: http://on.nba.com/1qgfBaR, Jeff Green, B-Doo and Emily Austen are chatting live about hoops, health and fitness. Tweet us questions with the hashtag #OptumizeMe and we may answer your question live. Participate in the chat live now on Celtics.com!, Brad Stevens gave us the obligatory injury update on Monday. This time, it was on Bradley, Sullinger and Humphries: http://on.nba.com/PTBj7i, The Celtics explain how they're viewing the last five games and give the latest injury report.

http://youtu.be/PQJBJVlc20s, Jerryd Bayless has had the hot hand for the Celtics, and may get more opportunities if Bradley continues to be sidelined.

http://youtu.be/PrckajYCuxs, Today's Boston Globe has details on the TD Garden getting a $70 million facelift to enhance the experience for Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins fans: http://b.globe.com/1elWAww , Phil Pressey excelled in his spot start for Rajon Rondo, but his play was in vain after Jerryd Bayless' 3 rimmed out: http://on.nba.com/1kdz4cQ, How does your bracket stack up to those of Jeff Green, Avery Bradley and other Celtics heading into today's games? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/1gxlV6k, Emily Austen shares what Celtics head coach Brad Stevens told his team in the locker room after Friday's loss to Philly.

http://youtu.be/OFPQqRW-CeM, Marc and Emily discuss the final minutes of the game, Rajon Rondo's triple-double and what to expect in Detroit for the Celtics.

http://youtu.be/a2QYT9g6Fg4, On Friday night, Rajon Rondo recorded his first triple-double since tearing his ACL on 1/25/13. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1dVTk0g, Former Celtics Forward Leon Powe joined Emily during the Amex Pregame Show to reflect on the 2008 Championship and discuss what he's currently up to.

http://youtu.be/uzD3Z3Uoyak

, Brad Stevens meets with the media before tip-off to discuss Avery Bradley's status, the Sixers and more.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfa4nx_zrRE&feature=youtu.be, Instead of sitting out the second game of a back-to-back, Rondo jumped at an opportunity to call the Celtics-Bulls game with CSN's Mike Gorman.

http://youtu.be/SMEmBX9NcZQ, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Sixers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, 4/4/14: Emily Austen previews tonight's game between Rajon Rondo and the C's and Michael Carter-Williams and the 76ers.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbwCehYD0FY&feature=youtu.be, The Celtics want to bounce back from Wednesday's loss. They have a great shot to do it against a Sixers team that's lost 28 of 29: http://on.nba.com/1i7DI5r, Today's 'Friday Jump Ball' - take 20% off the adidas Jeff Green Home Game Time T-Shirt (http://bit.ly/1c7CvZu) AND the Road Game Time T-Shirt (http://bit.ly/Mvr4Ez). Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout! 
Offer valid through 11:59 PST on April 4., 4/3/14: Avery Bradley shared his thoughts on Wednesday's loss while he sitting out a sore Achilles. 

http://youtu.be/NlNPgcuZP5c, The Celtics fell behind early, and the Wizards never looked back shooting lights out and clinching a playoff spot with the win.

http://youtu.be/VcWTIQL_SeU, The Celtics have a plan for moving on from Wednesday night's disappointing loss to the Wizards? It's simple. Move forward: http://on.nba.com/OetIit, Wednesday night's game between the Celtics and Wizards was determined in the first few minutes of the contest. Here's how it happened: http://on.nba.com/1lD4md9, Brad Stevens updates the media on Avery Bradley's status, the depth on the Wizards and Jerryd Bayless' professionalism. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GPSrVJ-KAU&feature=youtu.be, Jeff Green talks about playing at his former college arena and facing the Wizards tonight.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au9_UqwlIcY&feature=youtu.be, Learn what Jerryd Bayless secretly did last night and why Brad Stevens says the roles of starting versus coming off the bench are "not a big deal" http://on.nba.com/1h4cL7p, Today's preview focuses on stopping the Wizards backcourt and Kelly Olynyk's fantastic month of March.

http://youtu.be/Ex-duAJz5WQ, Emily discusses Bradley's availability as the Celtics prepare to play the Wizards in Washington.

http://youtu.be/Tr5ReQ1Y5ME, Marc D'Amico has the latest on Avery Bradley's injury and his status for tonight's game against the Wizards: http://on.nba.com/1mKMu01, More minutes for Olynyk, Bradley's availability and Washington's improving guard play - These are just a few of the things that you should watch for when the C's take on the Wizards tonight. Get the full scoop here: http://on.nba.com/1hAfHaq, The Boston Celtics and Boston Red Sox were both in the Washington D.C. area Tuesday, and they made a joint visit to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center to meet with wounded warriors. Check out the photo gallery documenting their trip., 4/1/14: Emily Austen takes you back to the Celtics' overtime win over the Wizards in January.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb-1sKA3omw&feature=youtu.be, Don’t be a fool! Get your tickets now for Friday night’s matchup with the Philadelphia 76ers direct from Ticketmaster now! , Emily and Marc discuss the Bulls' 4th quarter run, the Celtics' offense, and Brandon Bass' solid game.

http://youtu.be/pyUw9e1lR7w, The Celtics explain why the Bulls were tough to stop tonight and why Brandon Bass played well for Boston.

http://youtu.be/8ibiN1_VqM0

, We met Rajon Rondo the analyst on Mon. Here are details of his debut on CSNNE, plus reaction from both he and Mike Gorman: http://on.nba.com/1dJz7dU, The Celtics and the Bulls met for the second time in as many nights Monday night. Over the first seven quarters of those games, neither team could pull away from the other for a double-digit lead. Then the eighth quarter happened: http://on.nba.com/1lz58I4, Brad Stevens talks with the press about Rajon Rondo not playing, stopping Joakim Noah and more before tip-off in Chicago.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDJjgK5JRUk&feature=youtu.be, Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo prepares for his Comcast SportsNet New England broadcasting debut tonight in Chicago as Mike Gorman gets him wired for sound. Rondo is not playing in the second night of a back-to-back and is instead calling the first quarter of Celtics/Bulls for the TV broadcast., Chris Johnson addresses the media before the second game of a back-to-back home and home series against Chicago.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oK_06srbngw&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens discusses the staggering amount of games the Celtics have dropped by three possessions or less: http://on.nba.com/1gVsZzI , Emily and Marc are in Chicago and discuss what the Celtics need to do to beat the Bulls in the second of a back-to-back home and home series.

http://youtu.be/O-KG9cyfCDA, 3/31/14: Emily Austen recaps Sunday's game while Jared Sullinger explains why it's difficult to defend Joakim Noah.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AM3ZXNo9ooA&feature=youtu.be

, The C's fell to the Bulls last night, but it won't take long for them to get a shot at revenge. The two teams meet again tonight in Chicago, and this is what to watch for: http://on.nba.com/1gTFHyT, The Celtics react after falling to the Bulls as they highlight DJ Augustin's 33-point game. 

http://youtu.be/TZ1jaxuT_2E, The Boston Celtics are wearing these special shooting shirts to honor the Boston Fire Department tonight., Brad Stevens talks with the media before tip-off between the Celtics and the Bulls on Sunday night.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm6fOkq0-Yw&feature=youtu.be, After fighting through a Leukemia diagnosis, Brady Benson was granted his wish to meet Rajon Rondo.

http://youtu.be/IwHu9pUCilE, Celtics forward Jeff Green and strength and conditioning coach Bryan Doo give you an inside look on conditioning.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAKOXYX0oFQ&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:00pm EST) to watch the Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Bulls. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Brad Stevens revealed on Saturday that he wrestles with the idea of tweaking Boston’s starting lineup “every minute of every day.” http://on.nba.com/1jkuy9G , 3/29/14: The Celtics touch on their loss to Toronto but are looking ahead to Joakim Noah and the Bulls on Sunday.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6GGYR_z-EI&feature=youtu.be, Jerryd Bayless powered another fourth quarter comeback by the Celtics but a late putback by the Raptors decided the game: http://on.nba.com/1pChb4C, 3/28/14: Brad Stevens discusses how Chris Johnson stepped up when Jeff Green suffered from a sore neck against Toronto.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdRDeJH18I4&feature=youtu.be, The Celtics and Raptors close out a home-and-home tonight. There's reason to believe Sullinger's in line for another big night: http://on.nba.com/1jDo9sO, Today's 'Friday Jump Ball' - take 20% off the Starter Boston Celtics Quarter Zip Breakaway Jacket (http://bit.ly/LzZZ2a) AND the GIII Boston Celtics Satin Jacket (http://bit.ly/1jgZaKA). Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout!
Offer valid through 11:59 PST on March 28., A pair of #CelticsBrackets Player Challenge participants correctly picked three of Thursday's four games. Updated brackets here: http://on.nba.com/1dAuaUT, Rajon Rondo received nine stitches right between the eyes Wednesday night. In case you missed it, here's what he looked like upon his return: http://on.nba.com/1l7XPUZ, After a big night from Jared Sullinger, Rajon Rondo explains why he told Brad Stevens that he wants to play with Sully as much as possible.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzOU2PR7yFY&feature=youtu.be, Spend Sunday night at TD Garden when Rondo and the Celtics host the Chicago Bulls. Secure your seats with Ticketmaster. , Emily Austen recaps the Celtics close contest against Toronto and highlights Jared Sullinger's fourth quarter.

http://youtu.be/VI4g0cufvGg, Marc and Emily cover Toronto's late threes, playoffs, Rajon Rondo's stitches and Jared Sullinger hot hand.

http://youtu.be/WT_LVGewnC4, The Celtics may have lost to the Raptors on Wednesday night, but that can't take away from the monster fourth quarter that Jared Sullinger put together: http://on.nba.com/1lnyVmS, Brad Stevens discusses the Celtics' previous two days of practice as well as facing Kyle Lowry and the Raptors tonight.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cgr3Nruh2Xc&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the  Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Raptors. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, The Celtics are rested, the Raptors are sliding, and Jared Sullinger might be seeing 20/20. It's Boston vs. Toronto tonight: http://on.nba.com/1eQ1qWi, Rajon Rondo compares playing at Kentucky with playing for the Celtics.

Watch this and more on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/1dryV2G

http://youtu.be/5Qev1UXQRtc, The Celtics played only one home-and-home in their first 70 games. They're about to triple that amount in their next four contests: http://on.nba.com/1nYeSgW, Emily Austen reports from practice on Toronto's improved play and how Brad Stevens determines improvements.

http://youtu.be/nQgkEQZ3y3Y, The Celtics will practice for the second day in a row for the first time in months.

http://youtu.be/Qgnih89Cjns, Win the best seats in the Garden from dinner to courtside at the Celtics game.  Enter the Sprint Unlimited Access Sweepstakes to win. No purchase Necessary. http://sprint.co/18zmtpK, There was plenty of #MarchMadness over the last four days. As Brad Stevens reminds us, it wasn't all in the tourney: http://on.nba.com/OOGlBO, Now that they're in the NBA, Brad Stevens and Chris Babb discuss their new perspective on the tournament.

http://youtu.be/LWk9Zvjhv_o, 3/24/14: Emily Austen looks back on Avery Bradley's solid scoring performance on Friday night and the confidence he's gained in his shooting.

http://youtu.be/yZuyg1Q75BA, The Sweet 16 is set, but how sweet are the hand-filled brackets of @unclejeffgreen, Bradley, Johnson and @CBforTHREE? Take a look here: http://on.nba.com/NJLn1p, Games are about to tip off! Who has the best bracket so far out of Jeff Green, Avery Bradley, Chris Johnson and Chris Babb? Check em out here: http://on.nba.com/1dDKz5f, Avery Bradley and Brad Stevens may have discovered a new routine Friday night that will turn Bradley into one of the NBA's most lethal scorers: http://on.nba.com/1dzfi3s, The Celtics explain why the Nets came out on top despite Avery Bradley's 28-point game.

http://youtu.be/xV_jqkao2_A, Both Avery Bradley and Joe Johnson dominated a quarter for their respective teams on Friday night. Get all of the details with our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1lZ0GiX, Emily Austen catches up with Brandon Bass before tip-off to discuss guarding Paul Pierce and limiting turnovers.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_99toLqkMrE, Brad Stevens made some very important statements tonight in Brooklyn regarding Celtics player development. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1h3ekgw, Were there REALLY any upsets on the first day of #MarchMadness? Brad Stevens doesn't seem to think so: http://on.nba.com/OI8f22, Marc and Emily discuss the absence of Kevin Garnett, the strengths on each team and Brooklyn’s sharp three-point shooting in today’s game preview.

http://youtu.be/FynsNGBJDDA, 3/21/14: Emily Austen previews tonight’s matchup between Boston and Brooklyn as head coach Brad Stevens explains why the Nets are a tough team to beat.

http://youtu.be/PKole6ruC3w, The C's took down the Nets back on March 7, but Brad Stevens thinks his team must improve to win tonight's matchup: http://on.nba.com/OHTEna, Today's 'Friday Jump Ball' - take 20% off the adidas Celtics Practice Crew in black (http://bit.ly/1nV5at2) AND grey (http://bit.ly/1ismRMw). Enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout.  Go Celtics!
Offer valid through 11:59 p.m. PST on March 21., After eight games played in the tournament, which Celtics player has the best of the #CelticsBrackets? Is it Jeff Green, Avery Bradley, Chris Johnson or Chris Babb? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/NA6ymq, A strong guard combo, a blitz from the bench and a tough defensive assignment for Green. Find out what to watch for in tonight's game between the Celtics and Nets: http://on.nba.com/1kPnp0I, Dayton beating OSU wasn't an upset for everyone. See which Celtic predicted that Dayton would move on in our #CelticsBrackets Player Challenge: http://on.nba.com/OBOCsT , Celtics Cowens Camps Presented by adidas are back for the summer! Now offering 5 weeks at the Celtics Practice Facility. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-17. Sign up before April 1 and automatically receive a $25 discount off registration. For more information and to sign up, visit: www.celtics.com/camps., Rajon Rondo's clutch floaters help the Celtics beat the Heat and take the season series.

http://youtu.be/czHRo8ZbkzI, Bill Russell joins other basketball greats at Mohegan Sun NBRPA Legends Fantasy Weekend for a weekend of fantasy camp, a blackjack tournament, gala dinner and more to help raise funds for the National Basketball Retired Players Association’s Dave DeBusschere Scholarship Fund and other charitable partners.  The event tips off on Friday, April 25th! Ticket information here: http://bit.ly/IS9HM4 , Emily Austen highlights Rajon Rondo, Avery Bradley and Brandon Bass' contributions in the Celtics win over the Heat. 

http://youtu.be/bu6Lc1L7nao, The Celtics took the season series against the Heat Wednesday night, and they did so in fashion: with the captain leading the way http://on.nba.com/1fIYSFj, Marc and Emily discuss Rajon Rondo's down the stretch, the season series win over the Heat and the Celtics' mental strength to get the victory. 

http://youtu.be/KQPNT9244Vo , Many believe Rajon Rondo's dominance pushed the Celtics past Miami, but don't forget about Jeff Green's critical play http://on.nba.com/1lRgLXT, Seeing the Celtics play before losing his vision was the top wish for this young boy from New Zealand. Emily Austen has more on the story.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M2iwif7TRk&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens talks with the media about Avery Bradley starting, the Miami Heat and Boston's bigs in his pregame press conference.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Jd9STbAhhI, Check out Celtics Forward Jared Sullinger's NCAA bracket as he makes his picks with Marc D'Amico.

http://youtu.be/NsANATgb2xY
, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Heat. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, 3/19/14: Emily Austen previews the Celtics matchup  against the Heat and highlights Lebron James' performance in Miami's win on Tuesday.

 http://youtu.be/pLf7PwTmizQ, The Celtics will host the defending champions tonight at 7:30 p.m. in Boston. Here's what to watch for when the Heat come to town: http://on.nba.com/PPMoHg, 3/18/14: Emily Austen previews the Celtics next opponent in the Miami Heat and why Boston has a chance to beat them.

http://youtu.be/RwzXgq4t0Cs, It’s always a big game when Miami comes to town. Secure your seats here bit.ly/1dml8oK from 
Ticketmaster to see the Celtics battle the Heat!
, New tickets just released: Boston Celtics vs. Miami Heat, tomorrow night, Wednesday, March 19 at 7:30PM. Find great seats for LeBron and Miami’s only trip to TD Garden this season. Buy now:
http://bit.ly/1mfyZoW, Emily discusses how the shooting of Jerryd Bayless and the team rebounding helped keep the Celtics in the game against Dallas.

http://youtu.be/0rQyEFlSqh8, Jerryd Bayless lived up to his reputation Monday night. The dude can shoot a team back into a game all by himself: http://on.nba.com/OxduS5, Jerryd Bayless nearly sparked the C's to a win against the Mavs on Monday night, and Kelly Olynyk got back on track. Read about their big nights with our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1fE9Zzi, Brad Stevens discusses the Celtics' starting lineup and why it's will be a tough test to beat Dirk Nowitzki and the Mavs.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L4lGLpnbTk, 3/17/14: Forward Jared Sullinger talks with Emily Austen before the Celtics play the Mavericks in Dallas on Monday night.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvkVEmtGPWM
, Hey, Brad Stevens, how is it preparing for Dirk? "Fun," he says. No, really. He means it and he hopes his players agree: http://on.nba.com/1d8eRT1, Emily and Marc discuss what the Celtics need to do to contain Nowitzki and bounce back from a tough overtime loss to the Pelicans.

http://youtu.be/fPKaQFcKXZs, Emily Austen looks back at Jeff Green's big offensive night against the Pelicans on Sunday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ9emNe49QA&feature=youtu.be, Happy St. Patrick's Day! Take 20% off everything in this category by entering GREEN20 at checkout: http://bit.ly/1qgvuik
Discount valid through 11:59 PST on Monday 3/17., The Celtics came back from a 13-point deficit, but Anthony Davis and the Pelicans pulled out the 121-120 win in overtime.

http://youtu.be/Q5XHxBmPwvM, Forget the records... Sunday night's Celtics-Pelicans matchup was a "wild game" that had everything. What. A. Game. http://on.nba.com/1p2f9ud, Jeff Green went off on Sunday night, but it wasn't enough to counter Anthony Davis' career-best box score line. Read: http://on.nba.com/1iTRBpB, Emily Austen sits down with Jeff Green before the Celtics tip off against the Pelicans in New Orleans.

http://youtu.be/JHWWvaZ5cBo, Brad Stevens talks about the threat of Anthony Davis and the Pelicans as well as some college basketball before tip-off.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvRgThrXk-o, Brad Stevens turns the clock back to the 2012 Final Four while raving about Pelicans forward Anthony Davis: http://on.nba.com/1fOifBH, Emily and Marc are in New Orleans, and preview the Celtics first game of a back-to-back road trip.

http://youtu.be/ElSrHVIYHsU, Slowing down Anthony Davis is going to be a hefty challenge for the Celtics. Here's info on his amazing stretch of play: http://on.nba.com/1fNwDtM, The Celtics look back on why they had a chance to beat Phoenix tonight.  

http://youtu.be/RJWTK0_snII, Marc and Emily discuss the final minute of tonight's game, Avery Bradley's return and Brad Stevens' postgame comments. 

http://youtu.be/IlTpKxUvWeQ, The Celtics kept things close until the final minute of Friday night's game against the Suns. Here's what happened: http://on.nba.com/1iLKDYd, The Celtics Dancers held a clinic and provided aspiring dancers an opportunity to perform at halftime during a game.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y2ShjwaciA, Brad Stevens addresses the media about Avery Bradley's return and tonight's matchup against the Suns.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHYn_iNDYVA, Avery Bradley returns to game action tonight against the Suns after missing 13 games with an ankle injury.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gju0kZNeOE, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Suns. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Today's "Friday Jump Ball": Take 20% off adidas Celtics Flat Brim Fitted Hat, http://bit.ly/1auUCxi, AND 20% off the Boston Celtics XL Logo 2 Tone Fitted Hat with code FRIDAY20, http://bit.ly/1e4q7ZT.

Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout. Offer ends 3/14 at 11:59 PST., Rondo returns after a night off and will face Suns guard Eric Bledsoe for the first time this season.

http://youtu.be/p265022lYCQ, Phoenix is struggling and Boston might add a top weapon to its lineup. It's Celtics vs. Suns tonight. Here's what to watch out for: http://on.nba.com/1fwQSXY, ICYMI: Rajon Rondo's been back for two months. What do SportVu's cameras say about him? Exactly what we expected: the guy loves to pass. http://on.nba.com/1fuC4ZX , Rondo's been back for two months. What do SportVu technology's cameras say about him? Exactly what we expected: he's an amazing passer http://on.nba.com/1fuC4ZX, Audition for the 2014 -15 Celtics Dancers! Auditions will take place during the month of June in Los Angeles, New York City and Boston., Brad Stevens discusses Jeff Green's capabilities after scoring a team-high 27 points against the Knicks on Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/KykHQt7Mf1k, 3/9/14: Celtics players Kelly Olynyk and Chris Johnson visit with students at the Reggie Lewis Center.

http://youtu.be/VrqrdKiax2E, Good Morning Celtics Fans! DDid you know that Dunkin' Donuts wants to put you in the Hot Seat? Enter today for a chance to win a DDinner with a Celtics Legend and tickets to an upcoming home game. Head to www.celtics.com/dunkinVIP for more details. Dunkin' Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics, The Celtics explained why the Knicks and their sharp shooting was difficult to overcome on Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/OSI6ZAylhIs, Emily and Marc recap the Knicks first half, surprising performances and Jeff Green's high scoring 3rd quarter in Boston's loss.

http://youtu.be/0O0apJsyEYA, It’s tough to contain a team when one of its players are in the zone.  When the ENTIRE team is in the zone? As the Celtics learned Wednesday night: fugettaboutit http://on.nba.com/1iCBeOi , Brad Stevens talks about the starting lineup changes and more before tip-off with the Knicks.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rScCFKuCWJQ, With Rajon Rondo out for rest, rookie Phil Pressey talks about being named the starting point guard on Wednesday.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAyJzS7Ymy4, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Knicks. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day in style with your limited edition St. Patrick’s Day Celtics jersey from adidas! Visit the Celtics online store to get yours today! http://bit.ly/1h7fB7q, Despite a loss in Indiana on Tuesday night, Coach Stevens said he feels like the team is getting better. Watch: youtu.be/rPneKDp1Urc, Tonight's Rondo-less Celtics may look very different than those of the past. Also, the Knicks are very short on bigs: http://on.nba.com/1kMoHMz, The Pacers downed the Celtics 94-83, and you might be surprised to hear who's responsible for pushing Indiana to the win: http://on.nba.com/N4Z5M1, Don’t miss out! Get your seats from @Ticketmaster and watch the Celtics host Melo and their long-time rival New York Knicks live on Wednesday at TD Garden: http://bit.ly/1hafGHv, Have you ever wondered what it would be like to stand at midcourt and perform the National Anthem in front of 18,000-plus people at TD Garden?  Now is your chance to live the dream!  Here's the info on our Anthem open call auditions for the 2014-15 season., Boston has an effective new bench combo, Rondo faces off with Hill and the Pacers are in the midst of a four-game slide. Here's what to watch for when the Celtics take on the Pacers at 7 p.m. tonight: http://on.nba.com/1dMxnOy, Take your Celtics pride courtside! Enter to win the ultimate Celtics experience in the Sprint Unlimited Access Sweepstakes. No purchase necessary. http://sprint.co/18zmtpK, Rajon Rondo discusses what it means to pass Bill Russell on the Celtics all-time career assist list.

http://youtu.be/3jfOFDLF9U0, This season the Celtics are one of only two teams in the NBA to wear a special limited edition St. Patrick’s Day uniform. Visit the Celtics online store to get yours today! http://bit.ly/1cylHRk, Emily Austen recaps Rajon Rondo's impressive passing night as well as the impact of Boston's bigs in the victory. 

http://youtu.be/WOimH7JsDEQ, Emily and Marc breakdown the Celtics' improved offense, Rondo's 18 assists and the chance to extend the winning streak Tuesday. 

 http://youtu.be/6bEALAmBFWA
, Rajon Rondo is certainly beginning to settle into his comfort zone. Check out his box score line from tonight's win: http://on.nba.com/1qnKjjp, Emily sits down with guard Chris Babb to discuss what he has learned during his 10-day contact with the Celtics.

http://youtu.be/OR7l4aaBLcU, Chris Johnson talks Pistons and 10-day contracts in tonight's pregame interview.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxy6AaIFe44&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens catches up with the media before tip-off about how the Celtics matchup against Detroit.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EumaxZa2T4&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (5:00pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Pistons. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, With March Madness looming, Brad Stevens recalls what made him "hate" the NCAA tournament and why this year will be different: http://on.nba.com/1inK1I3, Avery Bradley met with the media today for the first time in a month. Here's what he and Brad Stevens said about his looming return: http://on.nba.com/1fg7Ae3, The Celtics talk about why Detroit gives them trouble and Avery Bradley discusses his status. 

 http://youtu.be/NDLbTULCFZI, In tonight's Postgame Analysis, Emily and Marc discuss how the Celtics maintained their lead over Brooklyn with good defense and a little help from Rajon Rondo.

http://youtu.be/9fmXzgRT8mg, The Celtics notched their first win over Brooklyn this season and describe how they pulled it off with 28 turnovers.

http://youtu.be/Y50qHQpfSAQ, The Key Moment of Friday night's game helped push the C's to victory. So did captain Rajon Rondo with his near triple-double. Read all about it here: http://on.nba.com/1le7WXL, Jeff Green catches up with the press before taking on the Brooklyn Nets for the third time this season. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJU2o5oUa-g&feature=youtu.be, Jeff Green and the Celtics stopped by Angelo Elementary to reward the students for recycling more than 116, 00 plastic items in 10 days.

 http://youtu.be/MPObwLcNoag, Emily Austen looks back on Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett's homecoming to Boston back in January.

http://youtu.be/3zCVO9cwBtU, Brad Stevens updates the media on the latest Celtics news in his pregame press conference before tip-off against the Nets.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVAWIGRWDdE&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Nets. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Today's "Friday Jump Ball": Take 20% off two special items today only - the adidas Climalite Practice Long Sleeve t-shirt, http://bit.ly/1bw9Eks, AND the adidas Climalite Practice Short Sleeve t-shirt, http://bit.ly/1lBsZra.

Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout. Offer ends 3/7 at 11:59 PST., KG won't be on the court for tonight's Celtics vs. Nets game. What's that mean for Brooklyn? The answer and more here: http://on.nba.com/1lFKhCy, 3/6/14: Head coach Brad Stevens explains why Rajon Rondo's playing time was affected in the Celtics' loss on Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/u6F1l3FjVN0, Be at TD Garden Friday as the C’s face old friends when the Brooklyn Nets come to town. Get your tickets from Ticketmaster., Win the best seats in the Garden from dinner to courtside at the Celtics game.  Enter the Sprint Unlimited Access Sweepstakes to win. No purchase Necessary. http://sprint.co/18zmtpK, Emily Austen recaps Olynyk's team-high 19 points while the Celtics explain their mentality toward the end of the season.

http://youtu.be/rrqhCnaio_Q, Emily and Marc discuss the Warriors' defense and the highlights from Celtics rookie Kelly Olynyk.

http://youtu.be/QCg_mWe7w5E, How did Kelly Olynyk put up a game-high 19 points against Golden State's stingy defense? One word: evolution. http://on.nba.com/1jTAAxr , Teams rarely hold large leads from start to finish, but that happened on Wednesday night. The game also featured a strong performance from Kelly Olynyk, who shined in his return to action. Read about his night and more: http://on.nba.com/1jToapc, The Celtics visited Conley Elementary school for a Read to Achieve event to promote literacy and participate in other activities. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juyH4PmrQMs&feature=youtu.be, 3/5/14: Brad Stevens addresses the media before tip-off between the Celtics and the Warriors on Wednesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMDs5O3F9vw&feature=youtu.be, Jeff Green has been hot of late, and so have the Warriors. Here's how Green & the Celtics match up with Golden State: http://on.nba.com/MNZbY5, Rajon Rondo's torn ACL turned him into a very different player, and in a way that you might not expect: http://on.nba.com/1iaOKgf, 3/4/14: The Celtics talk about why they're a better team with Rajon Rondo at the point and how to stop Stephen Curry on Wednesday.

http://youtu.be/3BcFeMQfYhE, The Celtics lost Gerald Wallace for the season on Tuesday, but reinforcements may be on the way: http://on.nba.com/1mSYLR9, Gerald Wallace underwent multiple surgeries this morning. Here is the official press release: http://on.nba.com/1czsR2f, 3/4/14: Emily Austen explains the difficult stretch the Warriors face prior to Wednesday's game in Boston.

http://youtu.be/_sXkEQBYq2k, Take your Celtics pride courtside! Enter to win the ultimate Celtics experience in the Sprint Unlimited Access Sweepstakes. No purchase Necessary.  http://sprint.co/18zmtpK, Emily Austen counts down the Boston Celtics' top five plays of the week.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2014/03/03/Top5Plays030314mp4-3180307, Jeff Green is beginning to set a very interesting trend in the month of February. Marc D'Amico explains here: http://on.nba.com/1i7YWpN, Jared Sullinger feels right at home in the Boston community.

http://youtu.be/naRsMYlGmWc, 3/3/14: Celtics veteran Gerald Wallace will undergo season-ending surgery on his left knee and left ankle this week.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ecCX5_4Fyg&feature=youtu.be, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen talks about the Celtics energy and fight against the Pacers on Saturday. 

http://youtu.be/qk_eaCyhfBg, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss Rajon Rondo's late 3-pointer, the impact of Paul George and how the Celtics' performed tonight. 

http://youtu.be/45zc3W46yMA, The Boston Celtics nearly took down the NBA’s top team Saturday night, and Kris Humphries was a big reason why: http://on.nba.com/1gJVb4o, Brad Stevens talks with the media before tip-off about injuries and tonight's game against the NBA-best Pacers.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Syj2RF-2XUc&feature=youtu.be, Jared Sullinger teamed up with Goodwill Industries to hold his second annual clothing drive which gives assistance to local children in need.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxPP2Nv4jTE, Kelly Olynyk, Phil Pressey and Kris Humphries took some time to play a game of P.I.G. after a team practice.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_XvnlmxZqU, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (7:00pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Pacers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Brad Stevens said on Friday that he had more news about injuries than he did about his game plan. He wasn't kidding: http://on.nba.com/OKTJao, 2/28/14: Emily Austen reports on the Celtics' list of injuries and Chris Babb's signing.

http://youtu.be/kp7nbXd0P7I, 2/28/14: Emily Austen discusses the challenge Boston faces Saturday night against the  Pacers.

http://youtu.be/fs5xAYkp5pM, Secure your tickets now with Ticketmaster to watch the Celtics take on the East's top team, the Pacers, live at the TD Garden on Saturday!  
 , The starting backcourt of Jerryd Bayless and Rajon Rondo shined for the Celtics Wednesday night. Here's why it may be more than a one-hit wonder: http://on.nba.com/1cX9S51, 2/26/14: Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk help build a playground in the New Orleans community as part of the Rising Stars Challenge.

http://youtu.be/m4Ls8l6IFZM, 2/27/14: Jerryd Bayless was the Celtics go-to guy scoring a season-high 29 points in Wednesday night's win over Atlanta.

http://youtu.be/VfH36IEgbAg, Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the Hot Seat. Enter today for a chance to win a DDinner with a Celtics Legend and tickets to an upcoming home game. Head to www.celtics.com/dunkinVIP for more details. Dunkin' Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., In tonight's Postgame Wrap Up, Emily discusses Bayless' big night and the team effort on the boards even without Sullinger and Olynyk.

http://youtu.be/L8ArpUrZO3o
, In tonight's postgame analysis, Marc and Emily discuss the success of the Rondo-Bayless backcourt in the Celtics win over the Hawks.

http://youtu.be/Fd-WfIhMFfQ, Jerryd Bayless wasn't just hot against the Hawks on Wednesday night - he was sizzling. Read about his big night and more: http://on.nba.com/1gDxBpO, 2/26/14: Brad Stevens updates the media on the Celtics' latest injury report before tip-off against the Hawks.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Sc_HgAKaco&feature=youtu.be, Tonight may be the night for Kelly Olynyk to shine as he and the Celtics take on the Hawks. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1ptxeVf, 2/26/14: Emily Austen discusses the status of Jared Sullinger and Avery Bradley as the C's face Atlanta on Wednesday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8H1ZFqoWbYU&feature=youtu.be, 2/25/14: Kelly Olynyk had a career night shooting 8-of-13 with 21 points and 8 rebounds in a loss to Utah on Monday.

http://youtu.be/JIrxt9QRBPQ, Kelly Olynyk had a career night and tried to push the Celtics to a win in Utah, but the law firm saved the day for the Jazz: http://on.nba.com/1fPftHZ, When the Celtics and the Jazz meet tonight, Utah will look very different than it did in November, and Boston will look very different than it did on Saturday: http://on.nba.com/1gwYATV, 2/24/14: Emily Austen discusses the Celtics' road trip thus far and who is available to play in Monday's game against Utah.

http://youtu.be/LRtoKfE6rCM, The Kings had a surprising response Saturday night to a big Celtics run, and Kris Humphries came through for Boston in a spot start: http://on.nba.com/1fbufrq, After what we all witnessed on Feb. 7 in Boston, everyone should be excited to watch Jared Sullinger and DeMarcus Cousins battle it out again tonight: http://on.nba.com/1egTNDz, The Celtics led by 13 points late in the third, but the Lakers, led by MarShon Brooks, caught fire in the final frame: http://on.nba.com/1e1YANN, Brandon Bass might be in line for a big night in LA, but the Celtics have a tough task in slowing Kendall Marshall: http://on.nba.com/1h5KVFj , 2/21/14: The same Celtics roster will seek revenge on the Lakers, and a former Celtic, in LA on Friday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21eHtly7H3M&feature=youtu.be, Today's "Friday Jump Ball": Take 20% off two special items today only - the adidas Celtics Flat Brim Snap Back Hat, http://bit.ly/1e4iIdb, AND the Mitchell & Ness 2-Tone Snapback Hat, http://bit.ly/1dr9mrJ. 

Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout. Offer ends 2/21 at 11:59 PST., Danny Ainge and the Celtics stood pat at the deadline. As Marc D'Amico explains in this look at Ainge's deadline history, that should come as no surprise: http://on.nba.com/Mf3eN4, How do courtside seats, a tour of the locker room and dinner with a Celtics legend sound? Enter to win the Sprint Unlimited Access Sweepstakes. No purchase Necessary. http://sprint.co/18zmtpK, 2/20/14: Emily Austen highlights Rajon Rondo and Brandon Bass despite the Celtics' loss in Phoenix on Wednesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HSCrUbNtQc&feature=youtu.be, Catch the Celtics live next week at the Garden when they host the Atlanta Hawks Wednesday night. Grab your seat at Ticketmaster. 
, Here's how the Suns pulled away from the Celtics in the second half. Plus, don't let Rajon Rondo's 7-of-22 night fool you: http://on.nba.com/1jS5gSc, 2/19/14: Emily Austen discusses why it's going to be a tough task for the Celtics to cool off the red-hot Suns on Wednesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJYqoaTcQu4&feature=youtu.be, Learn how the Rajon Rondo-Goran Dragic matchup looks heading into tonight's Celtics vs. Suns game, as well as more, right here: http://on.nba.com/1cqiot7, Emily Austen previews the Celtics' four-game road trip out West starting with the Suns on Wednesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKUO3jGzCrQ&feature=youtu.be, Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the Hot Seat. Enter today for a chance to win a DDinner with a Celtics Legend and tickets to an upcoming home game. Head to http://on.nba.com/1kS7EZ7 for more DDetails. Dunkin Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., In case you missed it: Fans surprised Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk by voting em in as Rising Stars starters. Here's how they turned around and surprised the fans: http://on.nba.com/1dvkj06, Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk discuss their performances in the Rising Stars Challenge.

http://youtu.be/2SZFJUr-5xA, Fans surprised Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk by voting em in as Rising Stars starters. Here's how they turned around and surprised the fans: http://on.nba.com/1dvkj06, Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk discuss their personal development and the meaning of being named Rising Stars.

http://youtu.be/ZlYN1JoRLYE, Jared Sullinger, Kelly Olynyk and the rest of the Rising Stars speak before their morning practice in New Orleans.

http://youtu.be/7P3D750lVrI, Call it coincidental, but on the morning of Valentine's Day, the NBA’s Rising Stars were all about relationships. Wondering what we're talking about?  Read here: http://on.nba.com/1mhfNIv, Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk practiced with their teammates before tonight's Rising Stars Challenge (PHOTOS): http://on.nba.com/1gG9BCR, Today's "Friday Jump Ball": Take 20% off two exclusive items – the adidas Celtics Women’s On-Court Woven Jacket and the adidas Celtics Full Primary Logo Hoodie. Just enter the code FRIDAY20 at checkout. Offer ends 2/14 at 11:59 PST. 

, Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk will be Rising Stars Friday night. What's that mean for their future? I investigate here: http://on.nba.com/Mhscf7 , Emily Austen recaps the Celtics' final game before All-Star break and Brad Stevens explains how the team can benefit from the days off.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xPQJFh87x4&feature=youtu.be, Today is the last day to vote Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk in as starters for the Rising Stars Challenge! Vote here http://bit.ly/1o0CSxo, Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the Hot Seat.  Enter today for a chance to win a DDinner with a Celtics Legend and tickets to an upcoming home game. Head to celtics.com\dunkinVIP for more details. Dunkin Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., In tonight's Postgame Wrap Up, Emily Austen discusses Kelly Olynyk's second double-double of his career, and Tim Duncan's big second half that helped carry the Spurs to victory.

http://youtu.be/eS4JwpshkG8, In tonight's Postgame Analysis, Marc and Emily discuss how Tim Duncan took over the 2nd half, and what the All-Star break means for the Celtics.

 http://youtu.be/V2B5TD_gMYk, The C's roll into the All-Star break with a loss to the Spurs, but Kelly Olynyk heads to New Orleans on a high note: http://on.nba.com/1gwCSzH, The Boston Celtics hosted a Stay in School event at the Edison School to reward the students for posting the highest improved attendance.

http://youtu.be/O9Hnf2bi-ek, The Celtics celebrated Bill Russell's 80th birthday by looking back at his legacy and his statue that stands in City Hall Plaza. Emily Austen has more on the feature.

http://youtu.be/LPeEsD6drKs, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch our Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Spurs. Don't have the Boston Celtics mobile app? Download it here:
http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Sun Life Financial Celtics Minute, Emily Austen previews the Celtics second meeting against the Spurs.

http://youtu.be/sWBFd6d9liE, Vote Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk in as starters for Team Webber in the Rising Stars Challenge here: http://bit.ly/1o0CSxo , Don’t miss the last game before the All-Star Break as the Boston Celtics face Tim Duncan and the San Antonio Spurs. Buy your seats direct from the source at Ticketmaster. http://bit.ly/1bSbkoQ, In today's Sun Life Financial Celtics Minute, Emily Austen discusses Sullinger and Olynyk's double-doubles in a win over the Bucks.

http://youtu.be/81OAS7KT91k, Boston's experience overwhelms Milwaukee's youth during 4th quarter, Jeff Green is finding consistency, and Phil Pressey talks Kelly Olynyk, all right here: http://on.nba.com/M7bLCd , Jared Sullinger is the Eastern Conference Player of the Week. Here are some of his top highlights: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpqfy173XvM, Jared Sullinger is the Eastern Conference Player of the Week. Here are some of his top highlights.

http://youtu.be/frQhAUW-35s, We capture Jared Sullinger's week in photos after he's named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week: http://on.nba.com/1ghwVb5, Emily Austen highlights Jared Sullinger who had 11 points and 12 rebounds for his 5th straight double-double on Sunday night.

http://youtu.be/dVjYYHuXaAc, The NBA has named Jared Sullinger the Eastern Conference Player of the Week: http://on.nba.com/1h4FUzU, Rajon Rondo won't play tonight in Milwaukee in the second night of a back-to-back. Who has been stepping up in his absence? The answer may surprise you: http://on.nba.com/1kw6eDy, Vote Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk in as starters for Team Webber in the Rising Stars Challenge!  Cast your vote here: http://bit.ly/1o0CSxo, After the game, Emily and Marc discuss the reason why the Mavs' got the win over Boston, breakdown Rajon Rondo's game and progress, and what's next for the Celtics. 

http://youtu.be/4Lkv_TnFYkE, Emily Austen shares what went wrong for the Celtics on Sunday night and highlights Rajon Rondo's 4,000th career assist. 

http://youtu.be/i_mQsPq97l4, It was the unusual suspects that sparked the Key Moment of the Game for the Mavs on Sunday night: on.nba.com/1dAHWQm, Celtics guard Jerryd Bayless and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt unveiled a reimagined library at Ellis Elementary School in Roxbury.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMpxJiMn-Vg&feature=youtu.be, Jared Sullinger addresses the media before taking on the Mavs on Sunday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf9vgsSUu3Y&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens talks to the media about who's in and who's out for tonight's game against the Mavericks.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpw9sAefvUI&feature=youtu.be, Celtics legend Satch Sanders answered various questions for AMEX card members at a recent meet and greet event.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijVD8vVH8JY&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (5:00pm EST) to watch our Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Mavericks. Don't have the Boston Celtics mobile app? Download it here:
http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Find out what to watch for tonight when the C's take on the Mavericks at TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/1ljbCaZ, Emily Austen talks about the Celtics improvements during their winning streak and what they to expect from the Mavs on Sunday. 

http://youtu.be/H4e4P9hCYVw, Rajon Rondo and Avery Bradley have been unavailable since Wednesday's win over Philly. Here's an update on their status for Sunday's game against Dallas: http://on.nba.com/1o4QfMZ , Jared Sullinger and DeMarcus Cousins both went off for 31 points and 16 rebounds Friday night. But there was one big difference between them: http://on.nba.com/1lIGdSY, In tonight's Wrap Up, Emily Austen highlights Jared Sullinger and Jerryd Bayless' performances in Boston's win over the Kings.

http://youtu.be/VBOLNkFY188, In their postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss Jared Sullinger's matchup against DeMarcus Cousins, the energy of Gerald Wallace and what this win means for Boston.

http://youtu.be/_bw4447RCJo

, Jared Sullinger and DeMarcus Cousins both went off for 31 points and 16 rebounds Friday night. But there was one big difference between them: http://on.nba.com/1lIGdSY, Jared Sullinger earned tonight's Key Box Score Line with his career night. Find out how with our Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1dwuXzb, The Celtics and Massachusetts National Guard teamed up to celebrate Black History month with a trivia game and other activities.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGaQ5EhrNE8&feature=youtu.be, After two 10-day contracts, the Celtics signed guard/forward Chris Johnson to a multi-year contract. Emily Austen has more.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buZUtaMV6jQ, With Rajon Rondo out for precautionary reasons, Phil Pressey talks about getting the starting role against Sacramento on Friday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWwk7ya8DD8&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens discusses the Celtics' lineup changes in tonight's game against the Kings.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkrl5J3eTYI&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Kings. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth , 2/7/14: Emily Austen looks ahead at tonight's game between the Celtics and the Kings and the status of Rondo, Bradley and Faverani.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ab64FJczZ2g&feature=youtu.be, Visit Celtics.com or the Celtics mobile app NOW for a live streaming Legends panel event w/ Tommy Heinsohn, JoJo White, Cedric Maxwell and more! http://www.nba.com/celtics/?tmd=1, We might see regular post ups tonight from DeMarcus Cousins and... Rajon Rondo? Yep, it's possible. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1bD2qvi , Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk were selected to Team Webber for the Rising Stars Challenge. Vote them in as starters! http://bit.ly/1o0CSxo, Rajon Rondo is back on the proverbial bike, and he's making a major impact on the Celtics. How great is that impact? Marc D'Amico has the answers here http://on.nba.com/1d0pHrW, In today's Optum Practice Update, Emily Austen discusses Green's big game against Philly.

http://youtu.be/5nE-7QZAjj4, 2/6/14: Rajon Rondo and Jeff Green lead the Celtics as they get revenge over the Sixers.

http://youtu.be/3BCRkm8CYrc, Rondo made a strong statement on Tuesday about his team's ability to win close games. He backed that statement up on Wednesday with a victory over the 76ers: http://on.nba.com/1itzEOR, 2/5/14: Head coach Brad Stevens discusses the Sixers' strengths and why it won't be easy for the Celtics to get revenge in Philly tonight.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw4_s803eDE&feature=youtu.be, The C's and Sixers met last week, but it will be a very different game when the two teams clash tonight. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1kdybA2, The Celtics will be seeking revenge vs the Sixers Wed night in Philly, and they'll have some added resources to help: http://on.nba.com/1evPzfu , Chris Johnson's played well enough to earn a rest-of-season deal, but other factors may decide his fate with the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/1fF6AEg, Emily Austen explains why the Celtics' lineup will look different to the Sixers for the rematch on Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/JXv6X-tyt1E, In the Sun Life Financial Celtics Minute, Emily discusses the rematch with the 76ers.

http://youtu.be/NZB1tCNCGAQ, It wasn't always easy for Jeff Green and Avery Bradley. Marc D'Amico tells the story of their transformations in this Parquet Magazine feature: http://on.nba.com/1ekYC4d , Today's Celtics Minute revolves around Jared Sullinger, who put together another big game on Sunday against Orlando.

 http://youtu.be/LLo1OL-xIvg, In today's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen highlights the chemistry between Rajon Rondo and Avery Bradley in the Celtics win over Orlando.

http://youtu.be/mzMgnY0X0ok, In today's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc recap Rondo and Sullinger's performances as well as the how practice led to the Celtics win on Sunday.

http://youtu.be/Yw9s9dSDA3k, The Celtics finally have their star back, and he made play after play down the stretch of the Sunday's game against the Magic: http://on.nba.com/1gEqi67, Celtics coaches and players talk about their favorite Super Bowl memories and make their picks for this year's game.

http://youtu.be/dKQCBSmb5lg, Vitor Faverani talked about his D-league experience with the Maine Red Claws before taking on the Magic on Sunday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgPmSeU5VYI&feature=youtu.be, The Boston Celtics, Sun Life Financial and celebrity chef Ming Tsai teamed up to teach local youth about the importance of eating healthy.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4U06KC2pD8, Brad Stevens talks with the media in his pregame press conference before Sunday afternoon's game against the Magic.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ziB3PMc8R0&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (12:00pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Magic. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about the last two days of practice and Kris Humphries' veteran leadership.

http://youtu.be/pN-Z6a8_9TA, On Wednesday night, Brad Stevens said, "Friday and Saturday are going to be really important." Here's why, and how the Celtics took advantage of both: http://on.nba.com/1jXIqYS, These young Celtics fans could use your help. On November 11, 2013, Kayley & Patrick lost their mother, Kristen, to cancer. Tragically, on January 12, 2014, they lost their father, Steve. Find out how you can help some friends of the extended Celtics family.  http://bit.ly/1b5UajA, With only 11 games, an All-Star break and a full bill of health, the Celtics are eying February as their month to break through http://on.nba.com/1beXw7o, Don't miss your chance to sign up for the Celtics Dancers youth dance clinic on February 9!, Thank You to NBA Commissioner David Stern for 30 outstanding years. Check out this gallery of Stern with the Celtics through the years: http://on.nba.com/1lqgxu9, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about the changes of their starting lineup and the return of Avery Bradley on Sunday.


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38REuu9OKy0&feature=youtu.be, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen discusses Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk being selected for the Rising Stars Challenge.

http://youtu.be/yGF8BEz_Tj4, In today's Celtics minute, Brad Stevens talks about how difficult it is to stay mentally tough during these stretches. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf48P9YwAOc&feature=youtu.be, The Celtics have been anxiously awaiting the return of Avery Bradley, and they should finally have him back on Sunday against the Magic: http://on.nba.com/1hT0v6N, Start your Super Sunday with a Celtics matinee against the Magic at TD Garden. Buy your tickets direct from the source at Ticketmaster. , In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about keeping their spirits high and how practice will help improve the team.

http://youtu.be/3gXf_Wor_fM, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss the Sixers' final play, the Celtics overall energy and Jared Sullinger. 

 http://youtu.be/nzOJfEcBpsI, Evan Turner spoiled the night for the Celtics on Wednesday, but he couldn't spoil Jared Sullinger's monster game: http://on.nba.com/1cx1ZU3, Brad Stevens talks with the media about the Rising Stars game and more in his pregame press conference.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4THRv-YzEY&feature=youtu.be, Celtics point guard Phil Pressey coached the Jr. Celtics presented by New England Baptist Hospital through drills and more.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqIEshVtp08&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Sixers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, The NBA has chosen Jared Sullinger and Kelly Olynyk to appear in the Rising Stars Challenge at All-Star weekend: http://on.nba.com/1dOMz9a , In today's Celtic's Minute, Emily Austen discusses the first matchup with the 76ers.

http://youtu.be/TY2UKWBfh_Y, How do the Celtics move on from a disappointing loss in NY? Follow the captain. Rajon Rondo preaches short-term memory: http://on.nba.com/1b6Nmm2, In tonight's postgame wrap up, The Celtics talk about the struggles against New York despite a nice game from Chris Johnson. 

http://youtu.be/rYG0_-qRmLw, Tuesday night's game against the Knicks felt like Dec. 8 all over again, except this time it was the Celtics on the wrong end of the score: http://on.nba.com/1b32ion, Rajon Rondo may be on the verge of taking another key step in his comeback from last year's ACL injury. Details here: http://on.nba.com/1jGa5NV , Emily Austen talks with Chris Johnson about his second 10-day contract before tip-off against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/eSCJiOpuXjE, Brad Stevens addresses the media at MSG before the Celtics take on the Knicks on Tuesday night.

http://youtu.be/vSqrB-oXZyg, In today's game preview, Emily and Marc discuss what it will take to beat the Knicks for the third time this season. 

http://youtu.be/VCfoGhVbfjM, In today's Celtics minute, Brad Stevens talks about signing Chris Johnson to his second 10-day contract.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ok7hwhdRPc&feature=youtu.be, After missing four games due to a sprained left big toe, Jerryd Bayless will return to the Celtics' lineup tonight: http://on.nba.com/MqwAck, This January, the Boston Celtics held Military Appreciation Month presented by the Army National Guard of Massachusetts and New Hampshire. Soldiers were honored during timeouts at select home games, giving our fans the opportunity to thank them for their dedicated service to the United States of America.

http://www.nba.com/celtics/community/2014-soldier-spotlight.html, Melo's hot streak, injuries, and fresh legs - Those are just a few of the things to watch for when the C's and Knicks face off tonight at MSG: http://on.nba.com/1b0vcFL, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen discusses Rajon Rondo's extended playing time.

http://youtu.be/TXfVZUaMVT8, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen looks back on the return of legends Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett. 

http://youtu.be/uLdmx9BSsTQ, To Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett, nothing can compare to Sunday night. Their return to TD Garden was nothing short of special: http://on.nba.com/L0xmLs , In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss the emotions throughout the game and why Pierce, KG and the Nets took the game. 

http://youtu.be/GfsZ3SgeilM, Pierce and Garnett spoke with the media following an emotional return to the Garden.

http://youtu.be/liI3ypPY1zg, Sunday night was an emotional one as former Celtics Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett made their return to TD Garden. While the C's didn't come away with a win, Brandon Bass provided the spark that kept Boston in the game: http://on.nba.com/1lf9Jjb, Brooklyn head coach Jason Kidd shares his thoughts on Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett returning to Boston on Sunday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9dBjuBz4q8&feature=youtu.be, Chris Johnson talks with the media before taking on the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E626IivjQ8&feature=youtu.be, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWam3QLV7q8&feature=youtu.be

Brad Stevens catches up with the media before tip-off in the emotional 
Celtics-Pierce, KG reunion., Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett make their return to Boston for the first time since being traded to Brooklyn. Emily Austen gives you an inside look on the emotional side.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tqiz9unGBY&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Nets. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In Saturday's practice update, the Celtics talk about why Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett deserve to be honored on Sunday. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od-U0mjf3EQ&feature=youtu.be, There's a whole lot to watch for when the Celtics and Nets clash at TD Garden tonight. Here's what you need to know: http://on.nba.com/1jT96ri, Two familiar faces will return to the Garden on Sunday, and to say it will be an emotionally-charged night would be an understatement: http://on.nba.com/1eT6FmO, Marc D'Amico and Emily Austen analyze the Celtics 101-83 loss to the Thunder at the Garden.  

http://youtu.be/eMsJDp4nXYk, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about what went wrong in the loss to the Thunder on Friday night. 

http://youtu.be/KvASiN70IZM, The basket was as big as the ocean for Boston in the first quarter of Friday night's tilt against Oklahoma City. In the third quarter? Not so much: http://on.nba.com/1eOqcof, The Celtics have experienced some recent changes at the guard position. Emily Austen has more on the story.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrZQNQW15CY&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens meets with the media before tonight's game against the Thunder.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ryfb9gD-ceo&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Thunder. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen previews Boston's matchup with Kevin Durant and the Thunder on Friday night.

http://youtu.be/rWZgYaFf7ko, We've got a meaty first-time matchup tonight at point guard, another possible start for Gerald Wallace, and oh yeah, Kevin Durant is in town, too: http://on.nba.com/1cb9Vu3, Spend your Friday night at TD Garden as the Celtics collide with Kevin Durant & the Oklahoma City Thunder! Get your seats direct from the source at Ticketmaster. , In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen looks back at rookie Phil Pressey's career game against the Wizards.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E-GvD-8QUo&feature=youtu.be, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about their thrilling OT win as well as Jeff Green's 39-point game.

http://youtu.be/_LuYuPlGnq8, Led by Jeff Green and Phil Pressey, the Celtics shock the Wizards after entering into survival mode http://on.nba.com/1hmT33j, Jeff Green has 39 points. Brandon Bass and Jared Sullinger are reliable options. If you're Brad Stevens, who do you want taking the last shot on Wednesday night? Find out here:  http://on.nba.com/1mv0dnc, Emily Austen gets a 1-on-1 interview with Boston's newest guard, Vander Blue, to get his thoughts the big call. 

http://youtu.be/T1d-im6dkvY, Pregame Post Ups: A changing of the guard for the Celtics? Seems so tonight. Read up on Celtics' backcourt plan vs. the Wizards here - http://on.nba.com/1ardmhl, Brad Stevens addresses the media about what guards are available for Wednesday's game against Washington. 

http://youtu.be/S8CVStyqVxE, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen highlights Chris Johnson's debut with the Celtics on Tuesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIiuKIPmrEs&feature=youtu.be, Ever wanted to cheer on the Celtics courtside? Enter to win courtside seats in the Sprint Unlimited Access Sweepstakes. No purchase Necessary. http://sprint.co/18zmtpK, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics discuss their close contest against the Miami Heat on Tuesday night.

ttp://youtu.be/veoNoz0WBew, Brad Stevens told Chris Johnson that he was going to play Tuesday night in Miami. He wasn't kidding. The kid played like he belongs: http://on.nba.com/LEcxGb, Another close game, another outcome decided by free throws. Find out what happened against the Heat on Tuesday night with our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1jxgoRx, Brad Stevens talks with the media before tip-off between the Celtics and the Heat on Tuesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMYgHHuargA&feature=youtu.be, Gerald Wallace shares his thoughts about Phil Pressey in this one-on-one interview with Emily Austen before tip-off in Miami.

http://youtu.be/yLgUpNgGNlo, Brad Stevens just called Phil Pressey "the guy" for the Celtics. Here's why, plus a two crazy-good Pressey stats: http://on.nba.com/1il1tMm, The Celtics are considered by many to be a team that plays small ball. The Heat? Well, they play really small ball: http://on.nba.com/1mBYUFW, Emily Austen catches up with former Heat power forward Joel Anthony to get his thoughts on being traded to Boston. 

http://youtu.be/BXu_2h9AW8k, Will Wade play? Will Rondo see more minutes? Here's what to watch for when the C's and Heat meet tonight: http://on.nba.com/1kUCiCc, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico discuss Dwyane Wade, Jeff Green and Boston's frontcourt in today's Game Preview.

http://youtu.be/_eM_Jtpr6aA, In today's Celtics minute, the Celtics talk about the Heat's multiple threats and what makes Miami so dominant.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed_GKo63riI&feature=youtu.be, Rondo's return stole the buzz away from the Celtics' recent acquisitions... until today. Read about Joel Anthony and Chris Johnson here: http://on.nba.com/1ih5uBm, The Celtics are proud to celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr. Day.  Here are several Celtics explaining what this day and MLK mean to them.

http://youtu.be/R6Z4QVzMXxo, In today's practice update, Rajon Rondo shares his feelings about the Heat while Brad Stevens talks about the focus of today's session. 

http://youtu.be/2mmZUlqPpB0, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about the final play against Orlando.

http://youtu.be/Zmob3iwqDPc, Most people know that Kris Humphries is a top-level rebounder, but he's showcasing a truly balanced game this season: http://on.nba.com/LsJMfy, Another Florida game, another down-to-the-wire finish. Here's what happened in Boston's latest trip to the Sunshine State: http://on.nba.com/1e59ttG, Brad Stevens talks with the media before tip-off between the Celtics and the Magic on Sunday night.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8WAgEdQ16s, Emily Austen catches up with Jeff Green in the locker room before the Celtics take on the Magic on Sunday night.

http://youtu.be/Gkl85DHljb0, Pregame Post Ups Report: Brad Stevens details the matchup problems the Orlando Magic pose for Boston Celtics http://on.nba.com/1e4CUw8, In today's shootaround, Rajon Rondo and his teammates comment on his first game on Friday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJW0GOj3MyM&feature=youtu.be, The talk of the town in Orlando isn't that Rondo will play against the Magic, but rather how many minutes he will see: http://on.nba.com/1eWOqh1, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico preview tonight's matchup between the Celtics and Magic.

http://youtu.be/n4NbM1tFKEM, The C's and Magic meet at 6 p.m. tonight at Amway Center. Here are five things to watch out for in the matchup: http://on.nba.com/Kl7tWN, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss Rajon Rondo's return and the standouts on the Celtics' stat sheet. 

http://youtu.be/RRTItXrHIkE, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Rajon Rondo shares his thoughts about his first game back and being named Captain. 

http://youtu.be/job6qO5gt_U, The Celtics scored a major victory Friday night, and we're not talking about on the scoreboard. Details on Rondo's return: http://on.nba.com/1mcoX3v, Rajon Rondo speaks to the media after his first game in nearly a year.

http://youtu.be/9t839AzrCQ0, "I expect to win every night, I compete. I think we have a lot of guys on the team that compete the same way I do." - Rajon Rondo. Read the rest of the quotes from tonight's postgame press conferences here: http://on.nba.com/1i82yqT, Two Kelly’s had great games on Friday night, but it was Kelly Olynyk who earned the Key Box Score Line: http://on.nba.com/1i7VSsP, A few of the Boston Celtics stopped by the Sirius radio studios in New York City to share their thoughts on the season.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCDFoRbdnaw&feature=youtu.be, Jared Sullinger addresses the media before Rajon Rondo makes his season debut against the Lakers on Friday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTfsI03SMmo&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens talks to the media about the return of Rajon Rondo before tip-off against the Lakers. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URljljhUGpM&feature=youtu.be, Check out the history of the 15 captains of the Boston Celtics in this photo gallery: http://t.co/INT0zAXoMt, The Boston Celtics surprised everyone tonight - even Rajon Rondo - and named No. 9 the 15th captain in team history: http://on.nba.com/1gWVgSR, Emily Austen gives you an inside look at Rajon Rondo's return and what the Celtics' expect from their All-Star point guard.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bRHQtYl1os&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Lakers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen talks about how many minutes Rajon Rondo is expected to play against the Lakers on Friday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVZzCXxGz4k&feature=youtu.be, Rondo is back, the Lakers are reeling, and the Garden should be electric tonight. It's all discussed here: http://on.nba.com/1cBoimS, In today's practice update, the Celtics discuss the upcoming return of Rajon Rondo on Friday night. 

 http://youtu.be/OYR79SovS7Q, What should you expect from Rajon Rondo upon his return tomorrow night? Danny Ainge and Brad Stevens tell you here: http://on.nba.com/1eOcsdT , Rajon Rondo is expected to return vs. the Lakers. Be there Friday night for his comeback! Buy your seats from Ticketmaster now: http://bit.ly/Lbh9TV, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen looks back at rookie Phil Pressey's first career start at the point.

http://youtu.be/fSF-4PQ-828, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen highlights the Celtics' defense in the win over Toronto. 

http://youtu.be/xbEvxG2XBvY, Jared Sullinger did something in his 82nd game with the Celtics that KG did only once in 480 games with Boston: http://on.nba.com/1i026L6, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc explain how the Celtics ended their losing streak on Wednesday night. 

http://youtu.be/4qb_nfQ9NAQ, Jared Sullinger speaks with Emily Austen about his incredible 25-point, 20-rebound effort against the Raptors.

http://youtu.be/sYabt_wGYn8, The Celtics got back on track with an 88-83 victory over the Raptors Wednesday night, thanks to clutch free throw shooting and a guy named Jared Sullinger. Read more about Sully's monster night here: http://on.nba.com/1a8WQCB, Brad Stevens addresses the media about the Celtics' trade and Rajon Rondo before Wednesday's game against Toronto.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcXRIdclCOk&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Raptors. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Danny Ainge just pulled off his second trade in eight days. The first created cap flexibility. This one adds more draft picks: http://on.nba.com/1iWYHdP , In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen and Brad Stevens talk about how Toronto has improved since October 30th.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeSXmdNehBo&feature=youtu.be, Crawford at the point, a potential All-Star for Toronto and the effect of practice are just three of the things you should watch for tonight: http://on.nba.com/Ldzv7r, Rajon Rondo's tweet made waves Monday night. The Celtics think he might make a bigger splash on Friday: http://on.nba.com/1doPhX8, In today's practice update, Emily Austen shares the latest news about Rajon Rondo's return. 

http://youtu.be/zDfStCpEQjU, In today's Celtics minute, Brad Stevens explains how he evaluates his team's performance in wins and losses.

http://youtu.be/CRP6yBPCgj8, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics' loss to Houston on Monday. 

http://youtu.be/DyhPyJCY1KE, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about staying positive during their losing streak. 

http://youtu.be/rmtCv1i5_p0, Hack-a-Howard was in full effect, Jerryd Bayless exploded in the fourth and the C's nearly stole a win Monday night: http://on.nba.com/1eB1juA, Otis Elementary School students were treated to a day of reading with Celtics players at the practice facility.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOSkIMIi34U&feature=youtu.be, Emily Austen takes you through MarShon Brooks' trip to the D-League in Maine earlier this month.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_-xd8xVG_Y&feature=youtu.be, Jared Sullinger talks about Monday night's matchup against the Rockets before tip-off.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxUdYdTrpu4&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens addresses the media before the Celtics face the Rockets on Monday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGM3I2mqbPU&feature=youtu.be, Vitor Faverani and Avery Bradley were just two of the many Celtics who impressed on their recent West Coast trip: http://on.nba.com/1hQAZSF, The Celtics and Rockets meet at 7:30 pm tonight. Here's how the C's kept James Harden in check back in November: http://on.nba.com/1djmnHW, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen talks about the red hot Rockets coming to Boston.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ2tB3_8Oug&feature=youtu.be, The Celtics lit up the floor on offense Saturday night in Portland, but it was their defense that sealed their fate: http://on.nba.com/KcWDBN, Both the C's and the Warriors received clutch buckets down the stretch on Friday. Find out which decided the outcome: http://on.nba.com/1kunAl7, Check out the new spot in the #GreenRunsDeep campaign and get fired up for tonight's game vs. the Warriors., Do the Celtics want Stephen Curry to have a big game tonight? Prob not, but you might think twice after reading this: http://on.nba.com/1dkgzzy, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen breaks down tonight's matchup against the Golden State Warriors.

http://youtu.be/6Fs8mC9j3Jk, Here's a really neat story about Boston Celtics forward Jeff Green inspiring a Boston child who needs a heart transplant., ICYMI, the Celtics recalled MarShon Brooks from the Red Claws yesterday. Here's the full press release: http://on.nba.com/1hDFkIR, Dunkin' Donuts and the Celtics want to put you in the Hot Seat.  Enter today for a chance to win a DDinner with a Celtics Legend and tickets to an upcoming home game.  Head to www.celtics.com/dunkinVIP for more details.  Dunkin Donuts is the Official Coffee of the Boston Celtics., The C's are back at TD Garden against the Rockets Monday. Buy your seats on Ticketmaster & catch them live!, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen breaks down the stats from the Celtics-Clippers game on Wednesday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXcRKul7h_0&feature=youtu.be, The Celtics left valuable points on the board against the Clippers, Jordan Crawford plays well yet again, and Jeff Green notches a big rebounding night: http://on.nba.com/KABnq7, The Clippers will look very different tonight than they did on Dec. 11. Here's what the Celtics need to do to beat them: http://on.nba.com/1dwnws5, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen compares the East and West and recaps the Celtics loss to Denver on Tuesday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOLg9lC6D_w&feature=youtu.be, Denver's red-hot shooting night from downtown doomed the Celtics on Tuesday night, but veteran guard Keith Bogans took a step forward in the loss: http://on.nba.com/1cA0AKH, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen discusses the Celtics trade and tonight's matchup against Denver.

http://youtu.be/WUFiarw54DM, Emily and Marc break down the trade between the Celtics and the Grizzlies.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOzBgQLVNlk&feature=youtu.be, It's official: The Celtics have acquired Jerryd Bayless. Marc D'Amico tells you why this deal was a great one for Boston http://on.nba.com/1gBZKii, MarShon Brooks scored 36 points against the Tulsa 66ers during his second game with Maine.

http://youtu.be/mahZm1k2U5g, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen recaps the Celtics matchup against the Thunder on Sunday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuV-Drf2C9Y&feature=youtu.be, Wondering what the Key Moment in Sunday night's loss to the Thunder was? Find out with our Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1a9zSc9, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about their final possession in the loss to New Orleans. 

http://youtu.be/SJJhaWr6qTI, In tonight's postgame analysis, Marc and Emily discuss the Celtics' close game against New Orleans. 

http://youtu.be/Bsz8Yo1e9pY, Boston fell to the Pelicans Friday night at TD Garden, but no one can put the loss on Brandon Bass’ shoulders: http://on.nba.com/JPAol0, Celtics forward Kris Humphries read a book and made arts & crafts with local students at John F. Kennedy School.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M43VhJ2eYXY&feature=youtu.be, Emily Austen catches up with 11-year veteran Keith Bogans about his role on the Celtics this season.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CksMh2K_xnQ&feature=youtu.be, Courtney Lee talks with the press before taking on the Pelicans on Friday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOcIAfnhOhI&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens speaks with the media before the Celtics take on New Orleans on Friday night.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eehafEG8gvM&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Pelicans. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen recaps Boston's loss to Chicago and previews its next opponent.

 http://youtu.be/QbsOWAgq4qM, The Celtics struggled to score against Chicago on Thursday night. Every Celtic not named Jordan Crawford, that is: http://on.nba.com/19NRJBU, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen discusses the first meeting between Boston and Chicago this season.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhHFFGc848Y&feature=youtu.be, The battle of the boards, Boston's road record and Luol Deng's return are some of the things to watch for tonight: http://on.nba.com/1hjaXHl, While some may view MarShon Brooks’ assignment to Maine as a demotion, Boston is viewing it as a great opportunity: http://on.nba.com/1lATqIf, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about Marshon Brooks' move to the D league in Maine.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rQmjpr_6_E&feature=youtu.be, In today's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen highlights the Celtics bench play in Tuesday's loss.

http://youtu.be/Bh3m2L4QujQ, In today's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss the final plays in the Celtics loss to Atlanta. 

http://youtu.be/t3i960l9W94, Kris Humphries played well Tuesday afternoon, but he didn’t outshine a career-best performance by Kelly Olynyk: http://on.nba.com/19zXbhe, Marc D'Amico catches up with Gerald Wallace before the Celtics and the Hawks tip-off on Tuesday.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hSS1vZ77Dw&feature=youtu.be, Brad Stevens talks with the media before the Celtics face the Hawks on New Years Eve.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6Ps-f3OA8c&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (12:00 pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Hawks. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, the Celtics talk about why Hawks' point guard Jeff Teague is playing so well.


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUsufxjqVjk&feature=youtu.be, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about what to expect from the Hawks without Al Horford in the lineup.

http://youtu.be/bLqtdz77_yI, Eleven months ago, the Celtics lost Rajon Rondo in Atlanta. Now it's the Hawks who have lost their star. Boston gives its take on how tomorrow's opponent is dealing with the challenge: http://on.nba.com/1hQBl9b, Grab your tickets now for a New Year’s Eve matinee at TD Garden against the Atlanta Hawks. Buy great seats on Ticketmaster and be there live!, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen highlights Brandon Bass' top two plays from Boston's win over Cleveland.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gK1_DUzWaMk&feature=youtu.be, In today's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about getting the win down the stretch over Cleveland. 

http://youtu.be/lqjB8bl360g, In today's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc break down the final seconds in the Celtics' win. 

http://youtu.be/ZxOEXlQ8Xp4, Despite Jeff Green's team highs, Avery Bradley's electric play & Brandon Bass' stat stuffing, it was Jordan Crawford who stole the show on Saturday:  http://on.nba.com/1cdhWNt, Cleveland head coach Mike Brown addresses Andrew Bynum's suspension in his pregame press conference.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2VSJnq4sM8&feature=youtu.be, Head coach Brad Stevens talks with the media before the Celtics take on the Cavaliers Saturday afternoon.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-biuxFHvN0&feature=youtu.be, Some of the Celtics spent time with patients of local hospitals at a Skywalk holiday event.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEfBq5IsSBk&feature=youtu.be, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (12:00 pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Cavs. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about their holiday break and what they expect from Cleveland.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VTvFVzO-5o&feature=youtu.be, Every NBA team gets a break in February, but the Celtics just got one in December. Here's how they used their 5 days: http://on.nba.com/1btSZJW, Vote Green for #NBAAllStar. Tweet your favorite Boston Celtics player's name and use the hashtag #NBABallot or click here to vote now: on.nba.com/1bAGxMx, Merry Christmas to those who celebrate! Here are some fun facts about the Celtics' long history of playing on Dec. 25 http://on.nba.com/1c6W96B, Just because Rajon Rondo isn't playing doesn't mean he can't still hand out assists. The Celtics point guard delivered bikes, electric scooters & iPods to 100 kids at the Yawkey Boys and Girls Club this morning., Brad Stevens was likely looking forward to Sunday's game against the Pacers, as it marked his return to the state of Indiana as a head coach. Now it may be a meeting he would rather forget: http://on.nba.com/19livXP, In today's post game wrap up, the Celtics react on the final quarter against the Wizards on Saturday.  

 http://youtu.be/bJBUByWgnm0, In today's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc break down the ups and downs for the Celtics on Saturday. 

http://youtu.be/dQoRynUqDUs, The Key Box Score Line of Saturday's loss to the Wizards goes to a Celtic who was, for a time, literally unstoppable: http://on.nba.com/1cbzXfS, Emily Austen caught up with Jared Sullinger to talk about the holidays and his father's impact on his life.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OE8oqrQ4C6Y&feature=youtu.be, Rajon Rondo treated 22 children from MSPCC to a day of cheer and holiday shopping at Macy's.


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atSN_BgslPk&feature=youtu.be, Rajon Rondo initiates and participates in a scrimmage after Friday's practice session in Waltham.

http://youtu.be/HC4c_xuZaAw, Rajon Rondo called on his teammates to help him get back to game speed by scrimmaging after Friday's practice: http://on.nba.com/1i8n4am, Celtics Minute - December 20, 2013 

In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen looks into the Celtics' visit to Boston Children's Hospital.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gDxK8hzbk4&feature=youtu.be, Grab your tickets now for a Saturday matinee at TD Garden against the Washington Wizards. Buy great seats through Ticketmaster and be there live! http://bit.ly/1hoEUmE, In today's Celtics minute, the Celtics share the positive they took away from Wednesday's loss to the Pistons., In tonight's post game analysis, Emily and Marc talk about the key points to Boston's loss to the Pistons on Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/AQV3d_wnLoM, In tonight's post game wrap up, the Celtics recap the final seconds of the game and why Detroit came out on top Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/Q3qAWnzmjLw, With 5.0 seconds left in Wednesday night's game, the Celtics looked to Jeff Green to deliver a win. The prior play, however, may have decided the game: http://on.nba.com/19U4Cdu, The Celtics paid a trip to the NBA headquarters in NYC to hand out a holiday gift to some of the league's employees., Emily Austen gives you an inside look on how the Celtics are finding success with their undersized big men., Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Pistons. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen discusses the changes for Boston since its last matchup against Detroit. 

http://youtu.be/Ry4a8URaPGE, Find out how much the Celtics have changed since their first meeting with the Pistons with today's Watch It! story: http://on.nba.com/1fET7vl, Make sure to get the 2nd annual Celtics Dancers Calendar presented by Alex and Ani. All proceeds benefit the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation. Get yours from the official Celtics Store today!, In today's practice update, Emily Austen previews the Celtics' next opponent in Detroit. 

http://youtu.be/-4Ggk0IX2XY, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen talks about Jared Sullinger's impressive performance against the Timberwolves., Kevin Love may be an MVP candidate, but he wasn't the MVP of Monday night's game. That honor belongs to Jared Sullinger: http://on.nba.com/Jwwbmw, Read “That’s What He Said” brought to you by Harvard Pilgrim Health Care to see what Coach Stevens has to say about last night’s win over Minnesota. #countusin: http://on.nba.com/1cyFM3F, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen recaps the Celtics' payback win over Minnesota. 

 http://youtu.be/cG3KDepIr1U, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc break down Boston's second consecutive comeback victory.

http://youtu.be/IeSLLBA1upk, When his team needed him most, Jared Sullinger stepped up. He owns tonight's Key Box Score of the night. Read: http://on.nba.com/1cNE9lX, Emily Austen and the Celtics give you a full update on Rajon Rondo's return to full-contact practice., Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Timberwolves. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, the Celtics explain why it's so difficult to stop Kevin Love and the Timberwolves., Frontcourts, backcourts, an MVP candidate and a returning player. Find out what to watch for in tonight's game: http://on.nba.com/1bKpzqW, With the Timberwolves coming to town on Monday night, Brad Stevens warns everyone not to read into their 11-12 record: http://on.nba.com/18u0QfJ, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about the importance of getting extra practice time this month. 

http://youtu.be/K5Dhxi8UgI8, In today's practice update, Brad Stevens talks about Rajon Rondo being cleared for full-contact practice.

 http://youtu.be/dYFt5m43nO4, Looking for an early Christmas gift? Brad Stevens announced today that Rajon Rondo has been cleared for full practice: http://on.nba.com/1cISNed, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc recap Boston's team effort to beat the Knicks on Friday night.

http://youtu.be/CHTF_x7uUtY, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics talk about the character they built from their win over the Knicks. 

 http://youtu.be/EIKUZiORK18, The Celtics' starters struggled over the first 36 mins, but as Marc D'Amico writes here, they showed up just in the Knick: of time http://on.nba.com/1hSu62U, Boston was able to file Friday night's game into the win column, and it has Avery Bradley and Jeff Green to thank: http://on.nba.com/1csHKCq, Emily Austen looks back at the Celtics dominating 41-point win over the Knicks on Sunday., Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW (6:30pm EST) to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Knicks. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen previews Boston's rematch with the Knicks on Friday night.

http://youtu.be/eLRIyXE8QDg, Will the Celtics grab another blowout win over the division-rival Knicks tonight? Here's what to expect tonight: http://on.nba.com/IJLw2Y, Be at the Garden tomorrow night when the Celtics square up against Atlantic Division rival, the NY Knicks! Great seats are still available through Ticketmaster., In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen highlights Jeff Green's performance in front of former head coach Doc Rivers., null, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc reflect on Doc Rivers' return and key factors in the game.

http://youtu.be/QV6pTlNRhJs, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Doc Rivers gets emotional after his Clippers beat the Celtics on Wednesday. 

http://youtu.be/hoC2HlPyAuU, Jeff Green may not have been able to secure a win for Boston, but he did his best to impress his former coach: http://on.nba.com/1gqQsIx, Doc Rivers acknowledges the crowd after a video tribute on the jumbotron as he returns to Boston for the first time as the head coach of the Los Angeles Clippers. #ThankYouDoc #GreenRunsDeep, Emily Austen takes a deeper look at the emotions in the back-to-back reunion games.

http://youtu.be/X3v6PVpnxN4, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Clippers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen talks about Doc Rivers' return to Boston.

http://youtu.be/_Odi3t2t_eA, For Doc Rivers, tonight's homecoming at TD Garden will be an emotional one: http://on.nba.com/1coUHx6, There's one thing you can count on from the Celtics every single night, and it's detailed right here: http://on.nba.com/19gGUvq, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen recaps the Celtics' close comeback against the Nets.

http://youtu.be/UVaw1YQRG7c, The second half started just the way Boston wanted it to on Tuesday, but it didn't end the same way it began: http://on.nba.com/18lhVZ7, Emily Austen catches up with former Net Gerald Wallace before tonight's game.

 http://youtu.be/znUCgKSpF-c, Listen to Brad Stevens entire press conference prior to the Celtics taking on the Nets.

http://youtu.be/f-2PLYsFkKQ, Here's why Paul Pierce is coming off the bench, and what emotions Jason Kidd & Brad Stevens expect from their players http://on.nba.com/19AiYj7, Be in the house Wednesday night as the Celtics face Doc Rivers, Blake Griffin, Chris Paul and the Los Angeles Clippers. Get your tickets direct from Ticketmaster., In today's practice update, the Celtics share any added emotions for Tuesday's game against Brooklyn. 

 http://youtu.be/c_eDAC0r3wo, Basketball fans have had December 10th circled on their calendars for months, but nobody expected it to be like this: http://on.nba.com/18PNISE, Kelly Olynyk returned to practice on Monday for the first time since spraining his right ankle on November 23: http://on.nba.com/1iQjRxC, In today's Celtics minute, the Celtics share how much they enjoyed beating New York., The Boston Celtics return home to TD Garden on Wednesday night to face Doc Rivers, Blake Griffin, CP3 and the Los Angeles Clippers. A few seats remain for this mid-week match up. Get yours now: http://bit.ly/1f1zufL, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc highlight the Celtics 41-point blow out win over the Knicks. 

 http://youtu.be/JDZTLN3Xwh8, Emily Austen catches up with Avery Bradley in the locker room after Boston dominated New York. 

http://youtu.be/QB8gEMFEelw, In tonight's post game wrap up, the Celtics talk about their early run leading to a 41-point win on Sunday., The Celtics dismantled the red-hot Knicks on Sun, but they aren't getting caught up in their performance. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1iNENFp, The Celtics destroyed the Knicks' hopes in the first quarter of Sunday's matinee matchup. Get all of the details in our Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/1kqfepq, null, How comfortable is Brad Stevens with sending double-teams and traps at Melo? The answer is in Marc D'Amico's Pregame Post Ups: http://on.nba.com/199CYMM, Head coach Brad Stevens talks with the media about Sunday's game against New York., The Celtics and Knicks meet at noon today. Here are some key factors to watch out for when they collide at MSG: http://on.nba.com/1gPEyoZ, In today's practice update, the Celtics discuss their upcoming road trip in New York.

 http://youtu.be/0b4Slmt6-e4, They may be 5-13, they may be fourth in the Atlantic Division, and they may be 13th in the Eastern Conference, but the New York Knicks aren’t flying under the Boston Celtics’ radar: http://on.nba.com/18sRWdf, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc break down the Celtics' win over Denver. 

http://youtu.be/RiCqZDqBOTQ, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen recaps Boston's victory on Friday night. 

\ http://youtu.be/c0SRmfOrkJk, The Celtics needed a spark after they saw a 27-point lead dwindle to just three points Friday night against the Nuggets. They found that spark on the bench: http://on.nba.com/1d1JiVH, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Nuggets. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Buy More, Save More at the Celtics Store! Get $10 OFF $50+, $20 OFF $75+, and $30 OFF $100+ with code SAVE at checkout. Spend $75+ and get FREE shipping! Hurry, deal ends midnight PT Sunday. Shop now!, In today's Celtics minute, Brad Stevens compares the size of Boston and Denver's frontlines., The Celtics and Nuggets meet at 7:30 pm tonight on ESPN. Here are some keys to watch out for in the matchup: http://on.nba.com/1dUJ0oK, In today's practice update, the Celtics share what they've learned about their team in the last two months. 

http://youtu.be/MzbuupGxkHo, The Celtics sit atop the Atlantic Division, but they're not letting that fact get to their heads: http://on.nba.com/1kgnHLD, The Celtics bring you the 2nd annual Celtics Dancers Calendar presented by Alex and Ani. All proceeds benefit the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation. Get yours from the official Celtics Store today!, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen shares what the Celtics think about being first in the Atlantic division., Jared Sullinger's crazy shot lifts the Celtics over the Bucks, and Jordan Crawford turns unstoppable in the fourth quarter. Read about it all right here: http://on.nba.com/1k8W6vV, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen talks about key performances in the Celtics win Tuesday night. 

 http://youtu.be/H2eHlwkePQE, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics' first win over Milwaukee. 

http://youtu.be/vwV8Ibgesys, Jared Sullinger's crazy shot lifts the Celtics over the Bucks, and Jordan Crawford turns unstoppable in the fourth quarter. Read about it all right here: http://on.nba.com/1k8W6vV, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Bucks. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Courtney Lee's possible return would affect tonight's Celtics vs. Bucks game, but watch out for these things as well: http://on.nba.com/18YniMn, In today's Celtics minute, Jared Sullinger and Brandon Bass explain what's going wrong against Milwaukee., Join the Celtics Dancers at the 3rd Annual SPALIDAY on Thursday, December 5 at G2O Spa and Salon and Emerge Spa and Salon! Receive 25% off gift card purchases of $100 or more, 20% off retail purchases, product demos, gifts with purchase, free gifts and more from their best selling retail brands. Also enjoy food and sweets from some of their favorite local restaurants. Hope to see you there!, Celtics fans, you can make a difference and help 12-year-old McKenzie Lowe.

McKenzie was diagnosed a year ago with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma, an inoperable brain tumor. We would like to reach out to Boston Celtics fans and ask you to help McKenzie by signing her 'compassionate use' petition to receive treatment. 

For the full story and to sign the petition:

http://chn.ge/1as0sbY, In today's practice update, Emily Austen discusses the progress on Courtney Lee's sore knee.

http://youtu.be/cEqNDiUeqjY, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen looks ahead at Boston's refreshing December schedule.

http://youtu.be/qLCumGwN4ME, It's Cyber Monday at the official Celtics store. Lowest prices of the year on select gear, FREE ground shipping on all orders, plus FREE hat with $75 purchase - use code CMHAT. Happy shopping!, The C's flew out of the gates to start Saturday night's game, but things turned around rather quickly. Find out why: http://on.nba.com/1cIBbgK, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen recaps the Celtics' 17-point victory over Cleveland on Friday night.

http://youtu.be/-kg3ZaloicE, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc talk about Boston's dominant performance against the Cavs.

http://youtu.be/fgfefhMe6_0, Jordan Crawford recorded a triple-double, Jeff Green scored a season high and Avery Bradley shot 9-of-11 from the field, but only one Celtic could own the Key Box Score Line of the Night. Find out who: http://on.nba.com/1cF9G7H, Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Cavaliers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Join our corporate partner American Express in supporting small businesses in Boston this Saturday., In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen reviews Jared Sullinger's impressive performance on Wednesday night.

 http://youtu.be/pvbEpa35pjg, Green Friday Special! Take 20% OFF storewide at the official Celtics Store during Black Friday weekend and get Free Ground Shipping on all orders! Now through Sunday, use code BF20 at checkout. Start shopping now!, Use our Matchup Machine to find out how any player from the Celtics stacks up against any player from the Cavs: http://on.nba.com/181ycjK, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen talks about why the Celtics couldn't overcome their first quarter performance.

http://youtu.be/yX-AQQxmQkA, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc discuss the Celtics' close comeback despite a slow start.

http://youtu.be/ETXMZmgKab4, Tonight's Key Box Score goes to a Boston player who nearly shot the C's into the win column in the fourth quarter: http://on.nba.com/1dCn0id, Emily Austen gives you an inside look at what the Celtics' bench has to offer this season., Tune in on the Boston Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Grizzlies. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, In today's Celtics minute, Jared Sullinger talks about what has changed for Boston during its two-game winning streak., Here's why tonight's matchup between the Celtics and Grizzlies is different than their first meeting on Nov. 4: http://on.nba.com/IsXVYf, Rajon Rondo provided Thanksgiving food to 200 families in need Tuesday night at The Greater Boston Food Bank.  #NBAGiveBIG #GreenRunsDeep, The Injury Bug has been biting around the NBA. The Celtics, meanwhile, have avoided a serious bite. They discuss here: http://on.nba.com/Im3rwS, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about getting payback on Memphis Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/lb3szp_OrKk, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen highlights key performances in Monday's win over Charlotte., "I wanted to go out and just play aggressive, the only way I know how to play." - Gerald Wallace. Read more quotes from the Celtics' win over the Bobcats here: http://on.nba.com/1dxgrxl, The Celtics made it clear to the Bobcats that Monday night’s matchup was being deposited in Boston’s win column. Read how the C's clinched the victory here: http://on.nba.com/1heLXk9, Jared Sullinger didn't play vs. Charlotte on Nov. 13, and Big Al is having ankle issues. Watch out for those factors and more tonight: http://on.nba.com/1hdyPvQ, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen reviews Boston's win in Atlanta and previews its rematch against Charlotte tonight., "They were up 10 after they had made a run. But we stuck with it, and everybody grew today." - Jordan Crawford. Read all of the quotes from the win here: http://on.nba.com/1c1C5ql, The Hawks took a 10-point lead into the final frame of Saturday night's matchup, but it was the Celtics who had the last laugh: http://on.nba.com/1aPxCWr, Jordan Crawford's “steez” was in full effect Friday night as he torched the league’s best defense with ease: http://on.nba.com/17BSz6I, Forever green, because Green Runs Deep.

http://youtu.be/mJmijbRJ918, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen previews Boston's tough test ahead in Friday night's game against the Pacers., The Celtics are happy to be home, but they'll face another challenge tonight against the defensive-minded Pacers: http://on.nba.com/1bcjqcR, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen reviews Jared Sullinger's starting performance against San Antonio., Despite being matched up with a future Hall of Famer in Tim Duncan, Jared Sullinger was the best big man on the court Wednesday night - and it wasn't even close: http://on.nba.com/1c4N2ph, With 19 points and 17 boards, it wasn't hard to select who earned the Key Box Score Line in Wednesday night's game: http://on.nba.com/1fkoWeY, Rajon Rondo and Tony Parker won't face off at PG tonight, but who will? We discuss in today's Watch It! http://on.nba.com/1dhPBcl, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen finds a positive in Boston's loss to Houston.

http://youtu.be/AC4ycXG40AE, The final three quarters of Tuesday night's Celtics-Rockets game were neck-and-neck, but the first quarter decided the outcome: http://on.nba.com/1dg1srm, Join the Celtics Dancers at the 3rd Annual SPALIDAY at G2O Spa and Salon and Emerge Spa and Salon! Receive 25% off gift card purchases of $100 or more, 20% off retail purchases, product demos, free gifts and more from their bestselling retail brands. Also enjoy food and sweets from some of their favorite local restaurants. Click below to RSVP!, Here's what you and the Celtics need to watch out for during tonight's game against the Rockets: http://on.nba.com/1b5QxyQ, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen talks about Brad Stevens' statements following the team's loss to the Timberwolves.

http://youtu.be/lUPTElKjYHE, Who's the fastest in-game C's player? How far has Jeff Green traveled on the court? Those answers & more right here: http://on.nba.com/17hrdTf, The Timberwolves may have bested the Celtics on Saturday, but it was one of Boston's own who claimed the top box score line: http://on.nba.com/17zEELp, The Celtics try to grab their 3rd straight road win tonight in Minnesota. Here's how they match up with the T'Wolves: http://on.nba.com/1bCVhu7, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc break down the Celtics loss to Portland on Friday night.

http://youtu.be/cHkvG0Bru7c, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Jared Sullinger talks about his career-best scoring performance on Friday.

http://youtu.be/cCCe1XKxCvk, Can Jared Sullinger always play with a bone bruise? The sophomore had a career night against the Blazers on Friday: http://on.nba.com/HRmqP4, Tune in on the Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Trailblazers. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, The 2014 NBA All-Star Ballot is here. Vote for your favorite Boston Celtics now: http://on.nba.com/1bAGxMx #GreenRunsDeep, The C's need to keep an eye on Portland's powerful offense tonight. What else should we watch out for? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/1bKYplZ, What's the one thing Brad Stevens needs his team to find? Here's the answer from today's practice: http://on.nba.com/1hJvNkf, Jared Sullinger's absence from Boston's lineup should be short-lived, as he plans on returning to action tomorrow night against the Trail Blazers: http://on.nba.com/1bxWVNL, In tonight's postgame wrap up, the Celtics explain how their slow start led to a loss on Wednesday night. 

http://youtu.be/gj_e8YHD1G4, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc point out the positives and negatives in Wednesday's loss.

 http://youtu.be/eZSMpvroIZU, Though the C's couldn't get the win against the Bobcats on Wednesday night, they did get another sparkling performance from Jordan Crawford: http://on.nba.com/19lVvRF, Tune in on the Celtics mobile app or Celtics.com right NOW to watch the new Home Court Advantage live pregame show, presented by American Express, live from TD Garden before Celtics-Bobcats. Don't have the mobile app? Download it here: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, You need to watch out for Gerald Henderson and a few other things during tonight's Celtics/Bobcats game. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1coh8Ui, Today's practice notes include: an update on Jared Sullinger's knee, Gerald Wallace discussing his reserve role, and Boston's winning ways http://on.nba.com/17SjbTI, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc recap the Celtics win over Orlando to extend a four-game win streak.

http://youtu.be/YlDJzwk2KLM, In tonight's postgame wrap up, Emily Austen explains why teamwork lead Boston to another victory over Orlando.

http://youtu.be/ShP7qRd3EBY, Jordan Crawford and Avery Bradley might just be the dynamic duo the Celtics need in the backcourt: http://on.nba.com/1bxxnhU, It's safe to say that Avery Bradley likes playing against the Orlando Magic: http://on.nba.com/1gEFVJr, The Celtics beat the Magic 91-89 Fri night. They meet again tonight in Boston, and here's what you should watch out for http://on.nba.com/17ZXPBH, Boston Celtics Steals – great games at fantastic prices, starting at $14.75 for tonight vs. Orlando at TD Garden 

Buy now: bit.ly/celticsteals, Still excited about last night's epic win in Miami at the buzzer? Don't miss the Boston Celtics vs. Orlando Magic Monday night at TD Garden http://bit.ly/19SvmhE, Call it the Miracle in Miami. Jeff Green's late-game heroics lifted the C's to an improbable last-second win: http://on.nba.com/1agMrkG, In tonight's game wrap up, Emily Austen recaps the final second of Saturday's win. 

http://youtu.be/PH4mhNImrzQ, In tonight's postgame interview, Jeff Green talks about his game-winning shot.

http://youtu.be/S3wg-JbTvsQ, "I just shot my regular shot. I trusted that it would go in." - Jeff Green. Read all of the postgame quotes here: http://on.nba.com/1eyPSr5, The Celtics defeated the Heat in dramatic fashion Saturday night. Check out the best photos from the win right here: http://on.nba.com/18hPh5C, Who's primed to take over tonight's game? Who might not play? Find out with a new edition of Watch It! - Celtics at Heat: http://on.nba.com/HFmIIK, In today's wrap up, the Celtics talk about making winning plays down the stretch.

http://youtu.be/KoCsK4ISvl4, The Celtics have begun a trend of making winning plays in winning time.  Read all about it here: http://on.nba.com/1d7EAWW, Avery Bradley is enjoying the fact that he’s shifted to the starting shooting guard slot. Just look at his box score from Friday night's win: http://on.nba.com/16Or4Xh, Hear what Phil Pressey had to say about being back in Orlando as Emily Austen spoke to him before tonight's game.

http://youtu.be/qebsXo9qxHo, Phil Pressey is now in the rotation, and Brad Stevens thinks he might be able to learn something from Orlando's point guard: http://on.nba.com/1c6HuKn, Listen to what Brad Stevens had to say before the Celtics square off against the Magic tonight at 7, in Orlando.

http://youtu.be/bvP1hVvMFe0, Do you remember January 23, 2012? Avery Bradley and Jameer Nelson sure do, but for two very different reasons: http://on.nba.com/1beolIg, In today's game preview, Emily and Marc talk about what the Celtics should expect from Orlando. 

http://youtu.be/C5yv3m_OrHU, In today's Celtics minute, head coach Brad Stevens explains the progression of Boston's defense. 

http://youtu.be/jYMkaMaYhac, The Celtics are aiming to surprise a Magic team that's surprised the league thus far in the season: http://on.nba.com/1d51D4S, Ready for tonight's matchup between the Celtics and Magic? Here are five things to watch for in tonight's game: http://on.nba.com/1ac9ahy, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about their doubleheader in Florida this weekend.

http://youtu.be/64PgyS04HDM, Gerald Wallace has put his ego aside and is doing the little things to help Boston succeed: http://on.nba.com/1hR2vOb, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen explains how good ball movement helped lead Boston to victory.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwsIZQ5XaUo, In tonight's postgame analysis, Emily and Marc recap the Celtics' first win of the season. 

http://youtu.be/ago-RrHCriI, In tonight's postgame wrap-up, head coach Brad Stevens talks about his first NBA victory.

http://youtu.be/o2Zi3Yx1nNg, Coach Stevens' thoughts after Wednesday night's win over the Jazz? "Winning’s more fun than losing." Read the rest of the quotes from coaches and players in tonight's That's What He Said: http://on.nba.com/16I0q2o, The C's trailed the Jazz 16-3 just over five minutes into Wednesday night's game. Then Boston went into overdrive: http://on.nba.com/1hkOyKA, Here are five things to watch out for when the Celtics and Jazz meet at 7:30 p.m. tonight at TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/16GgQIt, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen talks about the team's recent turnover woes.

http://youtu.be/Mxmbxcy8kQ4, Limited time offer: $9.85 balcony tickets were just released for tomorrow vs. Utah to celebrate our partnership w/ 98.5 The Sports Hub. You must use the "Gocelts" code to access the offer.
http://t.co/PpOQo7mIe6, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen explains why Jerryd Bayless stopped the Celtics from a Monday night win., The Celtics looked primed to take down the Grizzlies on Monday night. Then Jerryd Bayless happened: http://on.nba.com/17CFjBs, Here are five things to watch out for when the Celtics and Grizzlies tip off at 8 p.m. tonight: http://on.nba.com/HwET3B, In today's Celtics minute, head coach Brad Stevens shares his thoughts on the final rotations in Sunday's loss., NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver joined our Home Court Advantage pregame show before the home opener.

http://youtu.be/KehWbLZppqI, The Celtics and the City of Boston unveiled a statue for Bill Russell on Nov. 1.  Here's a look at the day's events.

http://youtu.be/GAbaOuHpCnA, Despite dropping to the Pistons on Sunday night, the Celtics showed yet again that they won't go down without a fight: http://on.nba.com/1e93TM4, The Celtics understand that there are 48 minutes in an NBA basketball game. Now they're learning how to play all 48: http://on.nba.com/1dCNpsP, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about moving on from Friday's loss. 

http://youtu.be/KIB5dYHYfKA, In tonight's post game analysis, Emily and Marc break down the Celtics' loss to Milwaukee on Friday night.

http://youtu.be/fon_jn0WPwM, In tonight's post game wrap up, the Celtics talk about their disappointment in Friday's loss. 

http://youtu.be/yjo_v4Xdm44, The Celtics may have fallen to the Bucks on Friday night, but that didn't stop Vitor Faverani from being the best player on the court: http://on.nba.com/HzUEG6, Get ready for another great season of Celtics basketball with this exclusive offer...save 20% on the new adidas On Court Long Sleeve Shooting Shirt by entering code WIN at checkout! Offer ends 11:59pm PST tomorrow! Go Celtics!, null, Boston Celtics legend and Hall of Famer Bill Russell meets the media next to his new statue at today’s unveiling in Boston's City Hall Plaza., Download the Boston Celtics mobile app and watch our LIVE pregame show, Home Court Advantage presented by American Express at 6:30pm EST http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Wondering how the Celtics and Bucks match up heading into tonight's home opener? Use our matchup machine to find out: http://on.nba.com/16sb797, Jared Sullinger vowed to make an impact in his season debut on Friday. Here's what he had to say: http://on.nba.com/1arl0qK, In today's practice update, Brad Stevens talks about the need for improvement on the glass. 

http://youtu.be/qpahQjrH2Ss, Make some noise Boston Celtics fans, it's almost game time! Get ready for Opening Night live at the Garden for Brad Stevens' debut!, The C's needed someone to step into the role of go-to scorer on Wednesday. Jeff Green assumed that mantle: http://on.nba.com/16OcOQC, The Celtics fell to the Raptors in their season opener, but took away some positives from the experience.

http://youtu.be/IXjOREnpRdM, Congratulations to the 2013 World Series Champion Boston Red Sox., Wednesday night's season opener in Toronto was full of momentum swings. Unfortunately, when it mattered most, the momentum swung in Toronto's favor: http://on.nba.com/17yrnWP, Brad Stevens reveals his starting lineup for Opening Night and discusses what rook Vitor Faverani brings to the table.

http://youtu.be/mW1AetgyFN4, Brad Stevens announced his starting lineup, which includes rookie Vitor Faverani. Here's why the rookie center got the start: http://on.nba.com/1ivok3j, For one Celtic, tonight's Opening Night matchup in Toronto marks the realization of his childhood dreams: http://on.nba.com/17Y5NaP, Emily Austen and Marc D'Amico preview Opening Night, as Brad Stevens and Vitor Faverani make their NBA debuts.

http://youtu.be/MHSNp4FicFY, A new era of Celtics Basketball is upon us. Read what Brad Stevens had to say about tonight's season opener: http://on.nba.com/1aDT1k4, The C's open up their 2013-14 season against the Raptors tonight in Toronto. Here's what you should be watching for: http://on.nba.com/16Kfizt, Watch the Brad Stevens era begin tonight on Comcast SportsNet New England at 6:30 PM as the Boston Celtics visit the Toronto Raptors. bit.ly/1itLMxV #GreenRunsDeep, Brad Stevens is going to sleep on two things tonight. One is his hotel bed. The other is his starting lineup: http://on.nba.com/1antm2E, In today's practice update, Emily Austen gets a one-on-one with Canadian rookie Kelly Olynyk about opening the season in Toronto.

http://youtu.be/nnsXQWYLZ_0, In today's Celtics minute, Brad Stevens and Gerald Wallace talk about the starting lineup and team expectations., The Celtics got a heavy dose of Toronto at today's practice. That, as they noted, is a big difference from preseason http://on.nba.com/16H6d54, The Celtics held an open practice on Friday night. Check out the best photos from the event here: http://on.nba.com/1dw8E1M, n today's practice update, Emily Austen gets a one-on-one with Jared Sullinger about Friday's practice session.

http://bit.ly/1dtWnep, In today's Celtics Minute, we take a brief look at the Shamrock Foundation Gala.

http://youtu.be/eCrwArMbX38, In today's practice update, Emily Austen talks about the Celtics' injury status.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zS5_HUwBLvM, Phil Pressey isn’t 6-foot-1. He doesn’t wear No. 9. But that doesn’t mean he doesn’t have some Rondo in his game: http://on.nba.com/16yAItK, Brad Stevens has a plan, and that plan is for his Celtics team to take off with no restrictions come October 28: http://on.nba.com/17hstsj, Score tickets at a great deal with @Celtics Steals. Tickets starting at $14.75 are available for select games: bit.ly/celticsteals, In today's Celtics Minute, Rajon Rondo talked about his injury update.

http://youtu.be/vD8tCcpWzTs, In tonight's post game analysis, Emily and Marc break down Boston's preseason victory over the Nets.

 http://youtu.be/H8PZSLqxFdo, Rajon Rondo surprised the media Wednesday night by speaking at the postgame podium. Here's what he had to say about his knee and when he'll be back in the lineup: http://on.nba.com/1eLMTJ8, In tonight's post game wrap up, Emily Austen highlights the Celtics' preseason win over Brooklyn.

http://youtu.be/NEwicetIir8, Rajon Rondo detailed his rehabilitation and outlook on the C's as he spoke to the media for the first time since Sept. 30.

http://youtu.be/Oo7hWOLfw1M, Is Vitor Faverani serious? The big man excelled at both ends of the court during the C's 101-97 win over the Nets: http://on.nba.com/1652b9w, Tonight's matchup between the Celtics and Nets will be the second one of this preseason, but this meeting will be much different than the first: http://on.nba.com/1cXBhCd, In today's practice update, the C's talked about why Tuesday's session went so well. 

http://youtu.be/grFlfxSmzIs, Avery Bradley and Brandon Bass are looking to make some noise this season with their drastic improvements: http://on.nba.com/1a55e0S, Emily Austen checks in with today's Celtics Minute, presented by Sun Life Financial., Are you a die-hard Celtics fan? Enter our sweepstakes and you could win courtside seats and access to a postgame press conference: http://on.nba.com/1biJFuE, Avery Bradley may not have posted head-turning numbers on Sunday night, but there was more to his performance than meets the eye: http://on.nba.com/GX4BgY, The C's will continue their preseason campaign against the Timberwolves tonight in Montreal. Here's what to look for: http://on.nba.com/18yPy7x, The C's are approaching their final two preseason games, and that means things are starting to get interesting for Boston: http://on.nba.com/H7NdH2, In today's practice update, the Celtics discuss their busy preseason schedule and the status of Phil Pressey. 

http://youtu.be/k_ptig4LOU4, Come Opening Night, the Celtics might be ahead of the curve when it comes to late-game situations. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/1aX97oN, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about the their preseason progress. 

http://youtu.be/9BHhfas_wyc, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen talks about the C's preseason stats and what's ahead for Boston.

http://youtu.be/ixdR5JXhjko, Win a private suite rental for you and 18 guests. Enter our sweepstakes now: http://on.nba.com/1biJFuE #GreenRunsDeep, The Boston Celtics are holding National Anthem auditions today at the Hard Rock Cafe in Boston. Auditions will be open call and on a first-come, first-served basis. Talented solo performers, groups, instrumentalists, and unique performers of all ages are invited to attend. All auditions will be a cappella, and there will be no accompaniments. Click below for full info!, Some say that basketball is a numbers game. That being said, we've selected the greatest Celtics to have ever worn numbers 67-00: http://on.nba.com/175nomO, The Boston Celtics are looking for the best talent in New England to perform the National Anthem on the famed parquet floor before home games throughout the 2013-14 season. Talented solo performers, groups, instrumentalists, and unique performers of all ages are invited to attend auditions tomorrow from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. at the Hard Rock Cafe in Boston. Auditions will be open call and on a first-come, first-served basis. All auditions will be a cappella, and there will be no accompaniments. Click below for full info., In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen looks back at Boston's preseason loss to the Raptors Wednesday night.

http://youtu.be/3IegKSBDfiA, Bring your family to a game for less than $20/each. Family Packs start at $79, include 4 tickets and more: http://bit.ly/celtsfam, The second quarter of Wednesday's game may have been Boston’s quarter of the preseason. Here's why it wasn't enough: http://on.nba.com/GRMzwt, As the Bill Russell Legacy Project statue nears its unveiling, we pay homage to one of the greatest Celtics of all time: http://on.nba.com/1fDy9z4, The Boston Celtics and the City of Boston will unveil the Bill Russell Legacy Project statue before the home opener.

http://youtu.be/PhEYqaysteo, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen recaps the Boston-Brooklyn preseason game.

http://youtu.be/n07IY6FkdHM, The Celtics close out back-2-back tonight in Toronto. They'll be looking to build on a strong defensive performance last night in Brooklyn: http://on.nba.com/1hWyo51, The Boston Celtics are looking for the best talent in New England to perform the National Anthem on the famed parquet floor before home games throughout the 2013-14 season. Talented solo performers, groups, instrumentalists, and unique performers of all ages are invited to attend auditions on Friday, October 18 from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. at the Hard Rock Cafe in Boston. Auditions will be open call and on a first-come, first-served basis. All auditions will be a cappella, and there will be no accompaniments. Click below for full info., The score was knotted up, 80-80, with 15.7 seconds remaining in Tuesday night's matchup in Brooklyn. The Nets called a timeout to plan their next move. What happened next determined the outcome of the game: http://on.nba.com/1hVdFP0, In today's Celtics minute, Boston prepares for its preseason matchup against Brooklyn and the Nets' familiar faces.

http://youtu.be/TWtrT1zIoUc, ICYMI: Are the Celtics emotionally charged for tonight's matchup against the Nets? Find out the answer here http://on.nba.com/1gEZMqf, Secure your seats to the biggest games this season and save. 5-Game packs are still available: http://on.nba.com/1cPv8uo, In today's practice update, coach Brad Stevens and Brandon Bass talk about improvements from Saturday's win. 

http://youtu.be/o77Aum9ptlQ, You might think that the Celtics would be emotionally charged heading into Tuesday night's matchup against the Nets. Let some of Boston's players tell you the opposite: http://on.nba.com/1gEZMqf, In tonight's Postgame Analysis, Marc and Emily break down the Celtics' first preseason win.

http://youtu.be/I8JfnTJt9vY, Coach Brad Stevens and Jared Sullinger discuss the Celtics' win over  the Knicks in Manchester, NH.

http://youtu.be/7Umb7S5ba1s, How do you put a team away? The Celtics gave us all a tutorial on Saturday night. Find out how it went down: http://on.nba.com/1cJd458, Join Celtics Forward Gerald Wallace as he tours Fenway Park for the 1st time.

http://youtu.be/Rnb5IIbt1bk, The Celtics and Knicks will square off for the second time in four nights. Find out what to expect from tonight's matchup in Manchester: http://on.nba.com/1blSMLb, The C's couldn't stop the 76ers Friday night, but that didn't keep Jared Sullinger from shining. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1av9bvD, A group of Celtics read to students during a Duck Boat Tour as part of the Kia Read to Achieve program.

http://youtu.be/Fmfc6glR6rk, In today's Celtics minute, head coach Brad Stevens talks about back-to-back preseason road games.

http://youtu.be/T7Wh8yZ3DMQ, The Celtics play their first road game of the preseason tonight. Find out how the teams match up by clicking here: http://on.nba.com/1att7Pw, In today's practice update, the Celtics talk about progress on the court. 

http://youtu.be/bSpzfAX8Mo0, We witnessed something at Thursday's Celtics practice that was a little bit strange. Read about it here: http://on.nba.com/1hG6Z7c, In today's Celtics minute, Emily Austen reviews Vitor Faverani's performance against the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/-XAlmipd_d0, Last night's game may have been in Providence, R.I., but Phil Pressey made it feel as if it were on Broadway: http://on.nba.com/1acAklK, Celtics Fans! Start the season with a big win. Enter the Sprint Pick & Roll Sweepstakes for your chance to win a trip for two to see a regular season Celtics game! , In tonight's game wrap-up, Emily Austen recaps the Celtics' close comeback against the Knicks. 

http://youtu.be/ao0Up8_aSUw, Marc D'Amico and Emily Austen break down a thrilling pre-season matchup between the Knicks and the C's.

http://youtu.be/9bWZfdulMcY, Phil Pressey led a furious late-game surge for the C's, and that's why he earned tonight's Key Box Score Line: http://on.nba.com/19B5mTv, Listen to Brad Stevens uncut before the Celtics pre-season action in Providence, RI.

http://youtu.be/f8BTaslzzIE, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen previews the C's next preseason opponent in the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/OUt7chnaCp8, The Celtics host the Knicks tonight in Providence. Here's what to look out for: http://on.nba.com/15Vggbz, In today's practice update, Emily Austen checks in with head coach Brad Stevens about where he sees need for improvement. 

 http://youtu.be/lNrN1TV4HD4, Brad Stevens is part of a new generation - One that relies on film study more than ever before: http://on.nba.com/16QfPAh, What Kind of Celtics Fan Are You? Tell us now and enter to win one of four great prizes. Enter here: on.nba.com/1g14A9j, In today's celtics minute, head coach Brad Stevens comments on the performances from Gerald Wallace and Jared Sullinger in their preseason opener. 

http://youtu.be/74uXtTp3d00, Marc D'Amico and Emily Austen break down the first pre-season game, and tell you what the C's need to work on and what they are doing well.

http://youtu.be/WWUL-MoKBDI, The Celtics fell to the Raptors on their pre-season opener but showed an unselfish style of play that created good ball movement.

http://youtu.be/dg64vU6dG6Y, Jared Sullinger fooled us all on Monday night. Find out what made his box score so impressive: http://on.nba.com/19wwBi0, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen discusses Boston's rotation as it heads into tonight's preseason opener.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLFZsdo884c&feature=c4-overview&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, The Celtics open up their preseason tonight against the Raptors. Here's why the players can't wait for tip-off: http://on.nba.com/GII1Is, In today's practice update, head coach Brad Stevens shares his thoughts on Avery Bradley filling the point guard position until Rajon Rondo returns.

 http://youtu.be/YhXFnYycCVA, Brad Stevens warned everyone not to read into the starting lineup of tomorrow night's preseason opener: http://on.nba.com/GGOuUf, Emily Austen sits downs with Kelly Olynyk as he discusses how his practices have been developing.

http://youtu.be/O-CP5gtwLHc, In today's practice update, head coach Brad Stevens talks about filling roles as he gets to know his team better. 

http://youtu.be/r6vHjPz9e0Q, The Celtics used Saturday's second practice as a scrimmage opportunity, which benefited both the players and the coaches http://on.nba.com/17aYuLI, Get a unique, behind-the-scenes look at Monday's Celtics Media Day: (PHOTOS) http://on.nba.com/16K57uZ, We learned on Tuesday that the C's arrived at camp in pretty good shape. We learned on Thursday it wasn’t enough: http://on.nba.com/15OCp63, In today's practice update, the Celtics wrap up training camp in Newport, Rhode Island as they bring back sore legs to Boston. 

http://youtu.be/sref1Y3GCBE, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen talks about changes the team faced as training camp concludes in Newport, RI.

http://youtu.be/qaPSmiGH7sw, We’ve just released tickets for all 2013-14 home games. Secure your tickets and start looking forward to Boston Celtics basketball at TD Garden!
http://on.nba.com/18xhQhD, In today's practice update, Emily Austin talks about the Celtics rookies getting a taste of real NBA play at practice.

http://youtu.be/QnoSi58oRnU, Rajon Rondo has been all but ruled out for opening day. Where can the C's turn at point guard? In a few directions, actually: http://on.nba.com/1hlpayV, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen asked coach Brad Stevens about filling the leadership role on his new team.  

 http://youtu.be/zqurnx3Hrj4, Since his first season in the NBA, Brandon Bass has been known more for his smooth midrange jumper than for his  defensive presence. Here's why that perception will change this season: http://on.nba.com/1g41NMx, Day one of training camp is usually characterized by sore and out-of-shape players, but not for this group of C's:  http://on.nba.com/19gdIp9, Emily Austen takes you inside the first day of Celtics' Training Camp in Newport, RI.

http://youtu.be/JPqjSZsgiSs, Rajon Rondo may not be participating in contact drills at Celtics training camp, but he's certainly making an impact: http://on.nba.com/1fHle00, Did you miss yesterday's live stream of Media Day? We've got you covered with the best videos and photos here: http://on.nba.com/16eJ39q, Register for our Fall Sweepstakes and you could win Courtside seats, a private suite, Lunch with a Legend or a Family Trip to TD Garden! Enter now here: http://on.nba.com/1g14A9j, Take a look inside Media Day and listen to what Celtics players said in Waltham.

http://youtu.be/qAyCYTrGHks, In today's Celtics Minute, Emily Austen talks about the players' positive attitudes for the upcoming season. 

 http://youtu.be/uXh2ke10PpQ, Brandon Bass joins kids from the Boys and Girls Club of Boston for a swim class to increase awareness of water safety and the importance of learning how to swim.

http://youtu.be/Jhfk-Bp4c28, The Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation raised more than $100,000 at this year's Teeing Up for Kids golf tournament.

http://youtu.be/9WGTbZDnHvA, Additional tickets for all 43 home games will be released in early October. Register for Club Green now for access to a presale on Oct. 1., Gerald Wallace and Vitor Faverani have yet to meet the Boston media, but Danny Ainge discusses both players in this story http://on.nba.com/18pJMof, Danny Ainge and Brad Stevens discuss Rajon Rondo's rehab and his eventual return to the lineup.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSiif4IhPaQ, Don't miss any of the action this season. Sync the '13-'14 Boston Celtics schedule directly to your calendar with just a few clicks: http://on.nba.com/18BZkHy, Watch as Kelly Olynyk rides the Green Line for the first time and interviews MBTA employees:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84n5okbyx9M, Click the following link to find out who the top Celtics of all time are who wore Nos. 44-66: http://on.nba.com/16CqLeG, The Celtics ownership group was honored for excellence in team management at 12th-annual 'The Tradition.

http://youtu.be/uOD_7GXb_GM, Additional tickets for all 43 home games (including preseason) will be released in early October. Register for Club Green now for access to a presale on Oct. 1!

http://on.nba.com/18I0SKj, Do you ever wonder why you live and die by the Celtics? Just listen to Red Auerbach. He'll remind you. Happy birthday, Red!

http://youtu.be/o-7u2T_8RtM, What is "Celtic Pride"? Here's what some Celtics Legends had to say: http://on.nba.com/1fdrWYE, Marc D'Amico catches up with Kris Humphries and talks with him about his transition to Boston.

http://youtu.be/hpBMCW7EtLY, Check out the top Celtics of all time who wore Nos. 31-43. You might be able to guess a few of them...

http://on.nba.com/16BXkwx, The C's, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care and City Year renovate an elementary school and then host a basketball clinic.

http://youtu.be/w3t8Sbyny2w, Brad Stevens talks with reporters about Rajon Rondo, Vitor Faverani and the upcoming season.

http://youtu.be/ysO_u-E9TO0, Like to show your support for more beautiful and safe schools. Today we teamed up with Harvard Pilgrim Health Care and City Year for a community service day to spruce up Boston's Holland Elementary School in Dorchester. It was a great day!, You should keep your eyes on Gerald Wallace this season. Here are a few reasons why he could have a great year: http://on.nba.com/15qapJk, Phil Pressey talks with Marc D'Amico about what he's been up to this summer and what he's looking forward to this season.

http://youtu.be/lJy7AJthDwc, Here's a old school picture of the "Kentucky Colonel" Frank Ramsey, the Boston Celtics' original "Sixth Man" who has seven championships on his resume. #ThrowbackThursday, Start your morning off by learning who the top Celtics of all time are who wore Nos. 21-30: http://on.nba.com/17t13f8, Never Forget., The Celtics take to the street to ask you, the fans, "Who is your favorite Celtic of all time?"

http://youtu.be/aaDe4Vzwkoc, Brad Stevens is known as a forward thinker, and he'll further that notion as he eyes his options at the four spot: http://on.nba.com/1al3sd3, Danny Ainge joined Grantland's Bill Simmons on the BS Report last week to talk about the offseason, and of course, the '86 Boston Celtics., As he gears up for training camp, Brad Stevens goes one-on-one with Comcast SportsNet New England's Kyle Draper in an exclusive interview: bit.ly/15JElM1, The Celtics and RE/MAX of New England teamed up to make K.J. Ricci's dreams come true.

http://youtu.be/04RIScFugRU, In case you missed it: Read up on the greatest Celtics of all time who wore Nos. 11-20 by clicking here http://on.nba.com/1ejEDRq, Read up on the greatest Celtics of all time who wore Nos. 11-20 by clicking here: http://on.nba.com/1ejEDRq, Individual tickets for all 2013-14 regular season home games are now on sale! Don’t miss out on the best locations for marquee matchups this season. Purchase your tickets today: http://on.nba.com/18FFYvM, Walter McCarty speaks about his decision to return to the Celtics bench as an assistant coach.

http://youtu.be/kHNm6O_2oUw, Turn the clock back a decade and dive into Antoine Walker's career with the Celtics. Here's his A Look at the Legends page: http://on.nba.com/1a6pTCz, We're looking at every number that's been worn by a Celtic and selecting the top player at each number. Here's 1-10: http://on.nba.com/18sVISW, The Celtics salute the Chief, Robert Parish on his 60th birthday.

http://youtu.be/byqSyt68hps, Be one of the first to welcome Kelly Olynyk to the Boston Celtics with an official #41 jersey from adidas. Check them out on the official Celtics Store now!, Celtics Forward Kelly Olynyk experiences Canobie Lake Park with Children from MSPCC’s Therapeutic After-school and Summer Program.

http://youtu.be/rD13yE_nvPE, Individual game tickets for 2013-14 go on sale to Club Green subscribers next week. Register now for free and you’ll have exclusive presale access! Plus, you’ll receive the latest ticket offers, team news, partner offers and more: bit.ly/cg_msun, Sun Life Financial and the Boston Celtics teamed up to host an exercise clinic in Waltham that featured MarShon Brooks, Dana Barros and Walter McCarty.

http://youtu.be/gRU_Tz5QqnM, End the summer in Celtics style with some NEW and exclusive Larry Bird gear from adidas. Check out all new jerseys available now on the Celtics official store!, Find out what the Celtics have been up to in August by visiting our tweets of the month page: http://on.nba.com/16NPDSY, The Boston Celtics would like to wish Tommy Heinsohn a happy 79th birthday!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u6zNnWCfK8, Visit the Cradles to Crayons Giving Factory with special guest Avery Bradley, as he and other volunteers create care packages for children in need.

http://youtu.be/HyJ6aWnUVM0, Individual game tickets for 2013-14 go on sale to Club Green subscribers the week of September 2. Register now for free and you’ll have exclusive presale access! Plus, you’ll receive the latest ticket offers, team news, partner offers and more: http://on.nba.com/19LU9pB, Check out our list of five NBA rookies to keep an eye on this upcoming season: http://on.nba.com/173ISLP, The Boston Celtics announced today that they have added Ron Adams, Micah Shrewsberry, and Walter McCarty to the team as assistant coaches: http://on.nba.com/16NmcCU, Be part of the Boston Celtics Junior Dance Team, Lil' Phunk! Preliminary auditions start at 5:00 p.m. this Friday. More information: http://on.nba.com/1d5JeYs, Hear what everyday fans had to say when they were asked, "What excites them about this season?"

http://youtu.be/zuHsR8nOMh0, Celtics Legend Sam Jones was a small town, North Carolina boy who grew into one of the greatest champions in sports history: http://on.nba.com/14On9bE, The Celtics held their 15th Annual Award Ceremony in the Great Hall at the Massachusetts State House to honor the Heroes Among Us.

http://youtu.be/EdgDDOyxpXI, Why should you be excited about the upcoming Celtics season? We give you a few reasons here: http://on.nba.com/17ITPkF, Celebrate the Houdini of the Hardwood's 85th birthday with a look back at his storied basketball career. 

 http://youtu.be/N0Y6u5ssAZE, Happy 85th Birthday to the Houdini of the Hardwood and six-time NBA champ, Bob Cousy! #CelticsLegend, Marc D'Amico breaks down the top 10 home games to come to the TD Garden in the 2013-14 NBA season.

http://youtu.be/-PUXdq6FFMI, Come check out the Boston Celtics table at #BostonFest tonight and meet former Celtic Walter McCarty and Lucky the Leprechaun! 

Tickets on sale now:  http://bit.ly/133zFWz, Mini Plans for the 2013-14 season just became available. Grab your 10- or 11-game plan now: http://on.nba.com/15MKU5Y, Our preseason schedule is out! Take a look to find out which Celtics games will be played near you: http://on.nba.com/11Mpq68, Want to know all of the key dates and facts on the 2013-14 Celtics schedule? Easy enough. Click here: http://on.nba.com/14wXXJr, In this edition of the Twitter Mailbag, Marc D'Amico answers questions that Celtics fans submitted using the hashtag #AskCeltics: 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGzMrpzMOSg&feature=c4-overview&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, The final entry in our Offseason Depth Chart series explores the many questions the C's face at the center position: http://on.nba.com/18WrjCG, The final entry in our Offseason Depth Chart series explores the many questions the C's face at the center position: http://on.nba.com/18WrjCG, Our Offseason Depth Chart Series continues with a look at power forward, which may be the Celtics' deepest position: http://on.nba.com/1bOVFbs, The Celtics could have one of the top small forward duos in the NBA next season. Find out why in Part 3 of our Offseason Depth Chart Series: http://on.nba.com/13Ahlhh, The Celtics have quantity and quality at the shooting guard position. Here's Part 2 of our Offseason Depth Chart series http://on.nba.com/13sLPTp, Our five-part Offseason Depth Chart series begins today with a look at the Celtics' point guards: http://on.nba.com/13q4b7i, Celtics legend Reggie Lewis passed away 20 years ago today. Be sure to tune into Comcast SportsNet New England's "Remember Reggie" documentary Sunday at 8 pm EST. http://bit.ly/1aPdnYl, Get a sneak peek of what to expect from Kris Humphries this season with an exclusive highlight reel: http://on.nba.com/1bWsBxR, Individual game tickets will be released on Sept. 5. For presale access register for Club Green pres. by Mohegan Sun: http://bit.ly/13j2qJg, In case you missed it - Learn all about the two newest Celtics, Phil Pressey and Vitor Faverani, by reading their scouting reports here: http://on.nba.com/12McHxA, Learn all about the newest Celtics, Phil Pressey and Vitor Faverani, by reading their in-depth scouting reports here: http://on.nba.com/12McHxA, Why should you believe Avery Bradley will have a strong 2013-14 season? Here are 10 reasons why: http://on.nba.com/162EPAP, The Celtics announced today that they've signed free agents Vitor Faverani (C) and Phil Pressey (PG). Details here: http://on.nba.com/14zNifS, Did you forget how impressive Kelly Olynyk was during Summer League play in Orlando?  Well, here's your reminder...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5d5-EiNJVk, What do the newest Celtics players bring to the table? Here's a detailed answer to that question: http://on.nba.com/12YgK9P, Boston introduced Keith Bogans, MarShon Brooks and Kris Humphries on Monday while highlighting their strengths and talking about winning.

http://youtu.be/1WJnPgRZEOo, In case you missed it: Meet MarShon Brooks, who sat down with our Marc D'Amico for an exclusive one-on-one interview at Monday's press conference: http://on.nba.com/1aoSS4n, Kris Humphries explains to Marc D'Amico how he became such a great rebounder and why he's excited to play with Jared Sullinger and Rajon Rondo.

http://youtu.be/FLY_O-Djyao, In a sit-down interview with Marc D'Amico, Keith Bogans discusses his long relationship with Rajon Rondo and his unique leadership skills.

http://youtu.be/ynEFOFibBIs, MarShon Brooks talks with Marc D'Amico about his move to Boston, learning from Joe Johnson, and preparing to play with Rajon Rondo.

http://youtu.be/u3m8UHwUGbs, The Celtics introduced three new players on Monday. In Danny Ainge's eyes, this is the start of the team's next phase http://on.nba.com/15gQ2LN, Kelly Olynyk discusses what he learned and the relationships he made during his nine days of summer league practices and games.

http://youtu.be/IXb0S3QLFRw, The Celtics ended their summer league week by crushing the Magic thanks to great team play and a strong performance by Fab Melo.

http://youtu.be/FwyY4-bfFCE, What was the hallmark of the Boston Celtics summer league team? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/13adbMx, The Celtics used a barrage of outside shooting Friday afternoon to dominate the Magic in their final Summer League game: http://on.nba.com/136uO4k, The Boston Celtics have completed a multi-player trade with the Brooklyn Nets., Take a listen to Jared Sullinger's coaching techniques and sidline humor, as he was mic'd up while coaching the Celtics summer league team.

http://youtu.be/VpgrxEMLe2A, Brad Stevens discusses what he's been doing for the past week and how he's preparing for the upcoming season.

http://youtu.be/nmaDLzNmcJA, One postgame quote summed up the entire story for the Boston Celtics on Wednesday: http://on.nba.com/12se5UD, Fatigue caught up to the Celtics during Wednesday's loss to Houston, but Kelly Olynyk excelled while showing off an unexpected skill.

http://youtu.be/bMse_itXHXU, Some say basketball is a game of runs. That notion was validified on Wednesday afternoon when the Celtics and Rockets staged a back-and-forth duel in Orlando: http://on.nba.com/15gBUlo, Playing well during summer league play is one thing, but playing well when the game is on the line is another. More: http://on.nba.com/15bWCTv, Phil Pressey and Kelly Olynyk led the Celtics to their second consecutive win in Orlando.

http://youtu.be/H0Hvj2U2AeA, On Tuesday afternoon, it was two free throws that pushed the Celtics past the Pacers and to their second win of the week: http://on.nba.com/1alSJlN, Jeff Green and Courtney Lee talked about new coach Brad Stevens and their summer league memories before watching Tuesday's C's game.

http://youtu.be/OHXhIPHn3h4, As this story tells you, don't judge a center by his numbers. Fab Melo and Colton Iverson are improving: http://on.nba.com/1a79eyG, Phil Pressey and Darius Johnson-Odom combined for 34 points while leading the Celtics to a blowout victory over the Detroit Pistons.

http://youtu.be/AYhL2lAZTHM, Darius Johnson-Odom led the Celtics to an impressive blowout victory over the Pistons today in Orlando: http://on.nba.com/13xuZIP, Kelly Olynyk gave a solid performance in his debut game at this years NBA Summer League.

http://youtu.be/-8azdtJLumM, Kelly Olynyk made Danny Ainge look like a genius, then fired off a warning shot to the rest of the summer league: http://on.nba.com/14WwR9X, Hear an uncut interview that Celtics Coach Brad Stevens gave to the media in Orlando, FL.

http://youtu.be/gNzWKn4iypE, Game Recap: Olynyk's 25 points not enough as Celtics fall to Magic in Summer League opener http://on.nba.com/11t9SpZ, Take a more in depth look at what was said when the Celtics introduced their 17th head coach, Brad Stevens.

http://youtu.be/PfsQ49GoPV0, What NBA player is Brad Stevens giddy to meet? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/17T1qQh, Brad Stevens sits down with Marc D'Amico to discuss his move to Boston, his relationship with the Celtics, and how he'll adjust to the NBA game.

http://youtu.be/D0WB7urriE8, Brad Stevens explains why he chose the Celtics as the next stop in his impressive young career: http://on.nba.com/13yLao7, The Celtics just announced their 2013 Summer League roster. Here's the list: http://on.nba.com/17SwXS9, The Boston Celtics have hired Brad Stevens as their next head coach. 

Press Release: on.nba.com/12ecykU, Celtics rookie Kelly Olynyk toured Fenway Park during his first full day in Boston.

http://youtu.be/Os8v9jQ_Y9E, Boston Red Sox star David Ortiz welcomes Boston Celtics draft pick Kelly Olynyk to #Boston at #Fenway tonight. 

#Redsox #Celtics #NBADraft, In case you missed it, the Celtics introduced their draft picks on Monday. Here's our coverage:
Feature Story - http://on.nba.com/1cJNg3X
Video - http://on.nba.com/19QQTWe, Feature story: Key Decisions Led Kelly Olynyk, Colton Iverson to Boston http://on.nba.com/1cJNg3X, Marc D'Amico interviews the 53rd overall pick, Colton Iverson, in his first public appearance as a Celtic.

http://youtu.be/eTUcWxPCsgA, Marc D'Amico interviews the 13th overall pick, Kelly Olynyk, in his first public appearance as a Celtic.

http://youtu.be/B0yf4xaNLik, Draft picks Kelly Olynyk and Colton Iverson pose with their Boston Celtics jerseys at the Mildred Avenue School and Community Center in Mattapan., The Celtics announced today that they have waived guard/forward Terrence Williams. More info here: http://on.nba.com/16IhGCo, In case you missed it, here's our coverage from last night's NBA Draft:
Article - http://on.nba.com/11RvZkC
Video-  http://on.nba.com/14z51Qz, From the sound of it, the Celtics made a smart move by acquiring Kelly Olynyk: http://on.nba.com/11RvZkC, Danny Ainge gives his take on the Celtics' first-round pick, Kelly Olynyk, and what the big man brings to Boston.

http://youtu.be/keqW5Jb1mvU, The Boston Celtics acquired the draft rights to Kelly Olynyk and Colton Iverson during Thursday night's NBA Draft: http://on.nba.com/11MDGMh, Danny Ainge discusses the No. 13 overall pick, Kelly Olynyk, who was acquired from the Mavericks.

http://youtu.be/_euXr3CEVdg, The two-day Final Audition process began on Sunday with a dancer workshop and concluded with a live show Monday night at the Revere Hotel.

http://youtu.be/UX6UhAujpQo, In case you missed it, here's the Celtics' reaction to Tuesday's transaction with the Clippers:
Video - http://on.nba.com/11GrWuL
Article - http://on.nba.com/10T8vR7, null, Where do the Celtics stand after today's transaction? Find out details right here: http://on.nba.com/10T8vR7, Danny Ainge meets with the media to discuss Tuesday's transaction with the Clippers and his feelings toward Doc Rivers.

http://youtu.be/di57esNN6eA, The Celtics announced today that they have allowed Doc Rivers to pursue a coaching opportunity with the L.A. Clippers http://on.nba.com/19zNMlD, Celebrate Sam Jones' 80th Birthday with highlights from his career.

http://youtu.be/50E9NLzGGt8, More than 100 hopeful dancers showed up to the Celtics Dancers auditions in Boston, but only 26 made on to the final round.

http://youtu.be/TZBmLGnY4OI, The Boston auditions for '13-14 Celtics Dancers took place today. Check out this photo gallery of the day's action: http://on.nba.com/10HynPR, Nominate a deserving youth for a scholarship to Celtics Cowens Camps presented by Reebok this summer! Accepting nominations for kids ages 10-18 until June 24. For more information or to submit a nomination, click the link below now!, Get to know K.C. Jones' incredible career with the Celtics by reading this installment of A Look at the Legends: http://on.nba.com/15hg3sD, The Boston Celtics join Sun Life Financial to improve and redesign the Victory Programs' ReVision Family Home.

http://youtu.be/3gr6KHmZh9I, The Boston Celtics own their highest draft pick since the 2007 NBA Draft. The question is, how will they use it? We took a stab at Boston's priority list here: http://on.nba.com/17MIxkc, Take a look at the top highlights from Paul Pierce's 2012-13 season.

http://on.nba.com/13ItGSb, Take advantage of the summer jersey sale at the Celtics Store! Now through the end of June, save 30-50% on ALL JERSEYS! Save now while supplies last!
Sale excludes personalized jerseys., The Comeback - 2008 NBA Finals
5 years ago today, the Celtics completed the largest comeback in NBA Finals history by downing the Lakers after trailing by as many as 24 points. Relive the moment here:

on.nba.com/12nrPFZ, The Celtics and City Year threw a carnival for students at the season-ending Step Your Game Up event.

http://youtu.be/wASjKiPv9HY, The Celtics and Timberwolves will play a preseason game on October 20 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec: http://on.nba.com/12jFbTA, Introducing a special Deal of the Week for fans througout the summer on the Celtics Store! Pick up the adidas On Court Long Sleeve Shooting Shirt for only $28.99 (64% OFF). Hurry while supplies last. Shop now!, Who was the Celtics' Sixth Man of the Year? The answer might come as a surprise to many: http://on.nba.com/106rCqu, In case you missed it, join Celtics.com as they bring you behind the scenes of Jared Sullinger's story, from season-ending injury to rehab.

http://youtu.be/tWuQpDB6n0s, This Friday, Boston Celtics Legends Cedric Maxwell, Walter McCarty, Satch Sanders, Dana Barros, Mal Graham and ML Carr will be at Mohegan Sun on The Shops concourse at 6pm to sign autographs during their free Signings & Sightings event!, Enter the Celtics Spring Into Summer Sweepstakes, presented by Mohegan Sun, for a chance to win the Grand Prize including a 2-Night Stay, Limo Transportation, Celtics Opening Night Tickets, and more! Click the link below to enter for free! http://bit.ly/ZtmNEW, Help Dad show his Celtics Pride this Father’s Day with big savings from the Celtics Store! Save up to 70% on great gift items from our Father’s Day category. Shop for Dad now!, Enter the Celtics Spring Into Summer Sweepstakes, presented by Mohegan Sun, for a chance to win the Grand Prize including a 2-Night Stay, Limo Transportation, Celtics Opening Night Tickets, and more! Click the link below to enter for free! 

http://bit.ly/ZtmNEW, On June 7th a few Boston Celtics Alums who know a thing or two about winning will be at Mohegan Sun! Celtics Legends Cedric Maxwell, Walter McCarty, Satch Sanders and Dana Barros will be visiting The Shops concourse for a free Signing & Sightings event!, Here's a quick-hit list of the most notable milestones the Celtics hit this season: http://on.nba.com/16EBlHt, The Celtics recently hosted their 22nd-annual Stay in School Assembly to honor impressive academic achievements by local Boston students.
http://youtu.be/LZdsKZyVJ0s, Get your bid in now, there's limited time left! Support the Richard Family Fund by bidding now on 10 luxury suite tickets for the SOLD OUT #BostonStrong concert. If you can't bid, please share this link with your friends. The auction ends at 5:00 EST today!, Celtics.com continues its Awards Series today by handing out the Most Improved Player award. Think Green: http://on.nba.com/11pAJfx, Support the Richard Family Fund by bidding now on 10 luxury suite tickets for the SOLD OUT #BostonStrong concert. If you can't bid, please share this link with your friends., Support the Richard Family Fund by bidding now on 10 luxury suite tickets for the SOLD OUT #BostonStrong concert. If you can't bid, please share this link with your friends., Join the Boston Celtics as they held draft workouts today in Waltham and hear what potential draftees had to say about the experience.

http://youtu.be/2Vmwh1u_4z0, Support the Richard Family Fund by bidding now on 10 luxury suite tickets for the SOLD OUT #BostonStrong concert. If you can't bid, please share this link with your friends., Twenty-five years ago, on May 22, 1988, Larry Bird and Dominique Wilkins staged one of the most dramatic one-on-one shooting displays in NBA Playoff history.  Relive the battle with an exclusive Celtics.com video:

http://on.nba.com/11YQaCM, The NBA Family’s thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families following the massive destruction of the tornadoes that swept through the Midwest.  Please join the Boston Celtics in support of the American Red Cross to help provide much needed aid and supplies to areas hardest hit. Donations can be made at www.redcross.org or text REDCROSS to 90999., Click the attached link to find out why Paul Pierce won the Celtics.com Awards Series MVP this season.

http://on.nba.com/Z1h7nM, The Celtics Store would like to thank the greatest fans in the NBA by offering 25% off storewide! Show your Celtics Pride and save on all the best Celtics gear by entering code THANKS at checkout. Offer ends 5/19 @ 11:59pm PST. http://bit.ly/10IrkAA, Enter the Celtics Spring Into Summer Sweepstakes, presented by Mohegan Sun, for a chance to win a summer entertainment experience at Mohegan Sun Arena!  Click the link below to enter for free! http://bit.ly/13m9sMF, The Celtics congratulate Avery Bradley for being selected to the NBA All-Defensive Second Team.

http://youtu.be/uektY5yaxGo, Avery Bradley's defensive prowess is well known in Boston, and the rest of the NBA has finally caught on: http://on.nba.com/17XPfRN, Join the Celtics Dancers on May 13th at G2O Spa and Salon and EMERGE Spa and Salon for the BOSTON STRONG CELESTE-A-THON to support EMERGE stylist and Boston Marathon victim, Celeste Corcoran! Book your appointments today at G2O or EMERGE! All proceeds go to the Celeste and Sydney Fund. For more information please visit: www.celeste-a-thon.com, The Celtics would like to thank all of their loyal fans for their unparalleled support throughout the 2012-13 season! http://on.nba.com/10Jc19C, Here are three answers the Celtics found during the 2013 playoffs: http://on.nba.com/12QZJhd, Celtics Cowens Camps presented by Reebok are back for the summer! Now offering four exciting locations including The University Sports Complex in Hanover, MA and The RIM Sports Complex in Hampton, NH. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-18. To sign up, visit: http://on.nba.com/XQvpmZ, This is the last week to enter the RE/MAX of New England Home Court Contest.  Winners will receive a newly paved Celtics driveway, basketball stanchion, and Celtics gear! Enter at http://on.nba.com/zhLAte and bring basketball dreams to your front door!, In case you missed it - Marc D'Amico writes that Boston's final chapter was written with Celtic Pride: http://on.nba.com/122wmuH, Molly McGrath breaks down for the final time this season a gritty fourth quarter comeback that fell short by the Celtics and ended their season. 

http://youtu.be/Qtfh18AxX2k, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down the season ending loss to the Knicks as the Celtics tried to make an inspired comeback but fell a little short.

http://youtu.be/d6A_pcDb8Aw, Marc D'Amico writes that Boston's final chapter was written with Celtic Pride: http://on.nba.com/122wmuH, Boston was close to completing a 26-point turnaround on Friday night before the Key Moment of Game 6 happened: http://on.nba.com/12z8SLd, What will dictate Doc Rivers' rotation tonight? Will it be the same seven guys from Game 5? Answers here: http://bit.ly/10xkqwG, Molly McGrath and Mike Petraglia of WEEI give you the Game 6 breakdown.

http://youtu.be/Yc7mKJmOfFI, Get ready for Game 6 with this exclusive offer from the Celtics Store! Save 20% storewide right up until midnight by entering code GAME6 at checkout! Go Celtics >http://bit.ly/100lXzy, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath recaps Wednesday's Game 5 win and previews tonight's Game 6.

http://youtu.be/7nhLXZci7xo, Numbers don't lie - and the numbers say that Jason Terry is the key to Boston's postseason success: http://on.nba.com/18ie6Ri, The Celtics found a way to get back to TD Garden for tonight's Game 6. Momentum is certainly on their side http://on.nba.com/ZEPorx, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath recaps last night's Game 5 win in New York that sent the series back to Boston.

http://youtu.be/6ELsb9cFlcY, Doc Rivers drew an unexpected ace Wednesday night that may have changed the series. Here's how it happened: http://on.nba.com/18f5hYz, The Celtics earned the right to play Game 6 as they took down the Knicks in Madison Square Garden.

http://youtu.be/MFimjhhWjjs, The Knicks may have dressed for a funeral, but KG, Pierce, Terry and the #BostonStrong Celtics aren’t ready to die: http://on.nba.com/1053fDU, Jason Terry: "Every playoff series takes a life of their own. Nobody in here is going to quit." More quotes: http://on.nba.com/17yJhql, Game 5 had Kevin Garnett's fingerprints all over it. From big shots to big boards, The Big Ticket did it all: http://on.nba.com/12pfhIO, Game 6 tickets on sale now: bit.ly/12Y6U9Z 
#whynotus #CowboyUp #iamaceltic, Molly McGrath gets an exclusive 1-on-1 interview with Brandon Bass before Game 5 at Madison Square Garden.

http://youtu.be/4xi_tallszg, Hear what Doc Rivers had to say uncut before Game 5 in Madison Square Garden.

http://youtu.be/EyNarBMi-m4, Wondering what Doc Rivers will tell his team before tonight's Game 5? He spilled the beans to us during pregame: http://bit.ly/11WmaE4, Wondering what Doc Rivers will tell his team before tonight's Game 5? He spilled the beans to us during pregame: http://bit.ly/11WmaE4, Molly McGrath and Mike Petraglia of WEEI give you the Game 5 breakdown.

http://youtu.be/w2-B-eVD7YA, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the team's need to avoid turnovers in tonight's game against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/LcGQNxlB4FE, Get ready for Game 5 of the Celtics-Knicks series with our Arbella Game Preview: http://on.nba.com/11XeUqi, Molly McGrath reports on the team as the head out to NYC for crucial Game 5 against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/ytxgzRNHEEI, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the team's defensive consistency throughout the series.

http://youtu.be/Icq5iEhOJZQ, The Celtics' offense has been trapped for the first four games against NY. Is it ready to break free? http://on.nba.com/1014WSG, The Celtics used Game 3 against the Knicks to honor those who played the role of hero in the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings. Here are some of those tributes.

http://youtu.be/qssHPsVoHII, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about last night's overtime win over New York.

http://youtu.be/f-_o7ea9oYI, In a game 4 overtime thriller, Molly McGrath breaks down how the Celtics put it together to beat the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/SwaxMZbpUAc, The Celtics save elimination with a Game 4 overtime victory and clutch shooting from Jason Terry. 

http://youtu.be/3eKVqgaUoRs, With the season on the line, Jason Terry stepped up in crunch time and propelled the C's to a 97-90 victory over the Knicks. Read why Doc Rivers wasn't surprised by Terry's heroics: http://on.nba.com/ZdQnLm, Kevin Garnett: "To continue to play we’ve got to continue to win. That’s what it’s all about." Read more quotes from both teams here: http://on.nba.com/152n0DJ, How do you win an overtime battle in the playoffs?  You have Jason Terry on your team: http://on.nba.com/15SzKwf, Doc Rivers talks about the team's mentality minutes before tip-off for Game 4 in his pregame press conference.

http://youtu.be/1_PEuLxWvCQ, Doc Rivers decided to shake up the Celtics' starting lineup again. Here's what he just told the media: http://bit.ly/Y6zsNt, Pull those “We Believe” signs out of your closets, Bostonians. It’s time for the city to do it again: http://on.nba.com/11sMIea, Hear what the Celtics had to say at practice today and why they feel they can win if they stick together as a team.

http://youtu.be/cEwv1aTU12Q, What did Doc Rivers, Paul Pierce and Jeff Green have to say after their Game 3 loss to the Knicks? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/185ZWQm, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico break down the Celtics Game 3 loss to the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/JpVgcIwaLk8, The Celtics had heart but it wasn't enough as they fell to the Knicks in game 3.

http://youtu.be/imIlTUki_1c, Doc Rivers said that the Celtics "lost their spirit" in Game 3, but you'd be wrong to lump Kevin Garnett into that group: http://on.nba.com/184IzQ9, Friday night started out with great vibes in TD Garden. Unfortunately, those vibes didn’t last for long. Get the whole story here: http://on.nba.com/Z1E30L, Hear what Doc Rivers had to say minutes before tip-off for Game 3 from his press conference.

http://youtu.be/Fsv0VFPCFoE, Every American knows what happened in Boston last week. Tonight, the Celtics finally get to pay tribute in TD Garden http://bit.ly/13Ai0BE, Molly McGrath and Steve Buckley give an in-depth preview on tonight's Game 3 playoff matchup.

http://youtu.be/8bG5H8YLm-c, Some Celtics have been hot during the playoffs, while others have not. Find out who falls into which category here http://on.nba.com/15N93cd, The Celtics will wear special adidas "Boston Stands As One" warm-up shirts tonight vs. the NY Knicks, with 100% of the proceeds from sales donated to The One Fund Boston, helping the people most affected by the tragic events that occurred in Boston last week. A limited quantity of shirts are available now! http://bit.ly/13xWelD, Playoff basketball returns to TD Garden tonight. Get ready for Game 3 with these sights and sounds from Games 1 and 2.

http://youtu.be/fY-zLjbtu18, Get to TD Garden this weekend for NBA Playoff action as the Celtics host the New York Knicks in Games 3 and 4. Find your tickets now on the NBATickets.com Resale Marketplace: http://bit.ly/10ZVh26, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Game 3 tonight at TD Garden.

http://youtu.be/lWE79og-rrA, What does Jeff Green believe the Celtics need to change to succeed in the second half? Here's what he had to say http://on.nba.com/Y9rBkm, Representing the Boston Celtics organization, Danny Ainge, Rajon Rondo and Jared Sullinger made a surprise visit to a Boston hospital and met with victims of the Boston Marathon tragedy. #BostonStrong #BostonStandsAsOne #OneFundBoston, Think the Celtics are excited to be back in TD Garden? If you have any doubts, read this: http://on.nba.com/11HRV2d, Alex and Ani and the Boston Celtics have teamed up to support the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation.  Get your Celtics Knot Charm bangle today, 20% of all sales go directly to the Shamrock Foundation. http://bit.ly/YIDuMK, In preparation for Game 3, Paul Pierce and others comment on why they believe they need to play with a sense of desperation.

http://youtu.be/1xq7-1BTEHw, The Celtics will be playing desperate basketball in Game 3 Friday night. Find out why that's not such a bad thing: http://on.nba.com/10fSu0h, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Boston's staunch defense, its offensive slump and the importance of winning Game 3.

http://youtu.be/qQK9EG5WmoM, Do you want a new HDTV, recliner, and Celtics themed furnishings? Lucky for you, we've teamed up with Arbella Insurance to offer you the chance to win an apartment makeover including all of these great items! Follow this link: http://bit.ly/arbellagiveaway to enter., The Celtics need to keep Kevin Garnett on the floor to be successful in this series. Here's what needs to change in Game 3 and beyond: http://on.nba.com/10Axeto, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the team's performance in the second game of the series.

http://youtu.be/2fFEk5NQlLQ, Rather than go back to the drawing board vs. the Knicks, the Celtics must focus on a particular aspect of their game: http://on.nba.com/11BLbEr, The Celtics fell to the Knicks in Madison Square Garden. They will try to take back control when they play game 3 at home in Boston.

http://youtu.be/PPHe6Qjs7a8, Find out what Doc and the rest of the Celtics had to say after dropping Game 2 of the Boston-New York series: http://on.nba.com/Y2TYAH, The Key Moment of Tuesday's Game 2 loss to the Knicks came in the early moments of the third quarter. Read more: http://on.nba.com/15FEJ3c, Hear what Doc Rivers had to say minutes before tip-off from his press conference.

http://youtu.be/LYY6CvIubMI, Pablo Prigioni is back for the Knicks tonight. How does that affect tonight's game? Doc tells you here: http://bit.ly/11irhMS, Molly McGrath gets an exclusive 1-on-1 interview before Game 2 with Celtics big man, Chris Wilcox.

http://youtu.be/b-3RsdJLrCU, Hear what Coach Doc Rivers had to say at practice as the Celtics prepare for tonight's game 2 matchup against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/yiD5zZZoQBM, Molly McGrath and A. Sherrod Blakely bring you the Arbella Game 2 Preview for tonight's matchup against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/m-r0aDM1B8Y, Jeff Green and Kevin Garnett talk about the importance of winning tonight in Madison Square Garden.

http://youtu.be/pzyb2bc3WdM, Both the Celtics and Knicks are approaching tonight's matchup in MSG as a "must-win" game, but in different ways: http://on.nba.com/11hLwdt, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Jeff Green and what needs to be done tonight to secure a victory in NY.

http://youtu.be/gqCwidf8ZBU, What will the Celtics need to do to steal home court advantage from the Knicks tonight? Find out in our game preview: http://on.nba.com/12beOw5, Join the media and hear what Doc Rivers had to say at today's Celtics practice in Madison Square Garden.

http://youtu.be/FFTm9l_Hj_M, The Celtics and Arbella Insurance are teaming up to give one lucky fan a chance for an Apartment Makeover, Celtics style! The winner will receive a new HDTV, recliner chair, and other Celtics themed items. Enter to win now! http://bit.ly/arbellagiveaway, Molly McGrath has an exclusive 1-on-1 interview with Jeff Green.

http://youtu.be/cyckEPx5UR4, Brandon Bass scored just four points Saturday against the Knicks, but Doc Rivers claims he played the "perfect game". Here's why: http://on.nba.com/13r5wvU, Kevin Garnett and Doc Rivers talk at Madison Square Garden during practice about getting a win for game 2 and the play of Brandon Bass.

http://youtu.be/j4QZL51rAqg, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about what the players learned after reviewing film of Saturday's game.

http://youtu.be/lzLINgra2Js, Kevin Garnett's involvement in Boston's offense was limited in Game 1 against New York. Here's why that's likely to change in Game 2: http://on.nba.com/ZC9IsR, The Celtics met with the media to discuss the adjustments needed for Tuesday's game 2 matchup against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/oBEtC2u6GKc, Take a special look at the entire uncut press conference given by Doc Rivers from Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.

http://youtu.be/zRw4m1Y1Q3M, Molly McGrath reviews Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs where the Celtics could not close the game in the final minutes of the matchup.

http://youtu.be/lNp_XZu0lBo, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs where the Celtics fell to the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/1p5ZudaoaBo, The Celtics played great in the first half of Game 1 on Saturday, but the second half left many asking, "Who stole Boston's offense?": http://on.nba.com/10qy1NG, Doc: "I think we’ll be better. Our bench has to give us something." Read more quotes from Game 1 between the Celtics and Knicks here: http://on.nba.com/13DSVt8, The Key Moment and Key Box Score Line of Saturday's clash between the Celtics and Knicks should come as no surprise: http://on.nba.com/11TN0fD, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath give you their isight as the 2013 NBA Playoffs kicks off.

http://youtu.be/LZtekUsjOCo, Doc Rivers announced that there are no minute restrictions on KG's playing time. Here's how that changes the game: http://bit.ly/ZA02Pp, The Celtics will wear special adidas "Boston Stands As One" warm-up shirts today vs. the NY Knicks, with 100% of the proceeds from sales donated to the One Fund Boston, helping the people most affected by the tragic events that occurred in Boston this past week. Shirts are available now: http://bit.ly/13xWelD, The Celtics and Knicks will open up the NBA Playoffs in style as they renew their playoff rivalry today at 3 p.m: http://on.nba.com/17akLM6, The 2013 NBA Playoffs start this weekend.

http://youtu.be/P45UR1kyG54, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico preview the upcoming Eastern Conference Quarterfinals series between the Celtics and Knicks.

http://youtu.be/8tzURAMqRMc, Round One Schedule vs. Knicks:
Game 1: 3 p.m. on 4/20 @ NY
Game 2: 8 p.m. on 4/23 @ NY
Game 3: 8 p.m. on 4/26 @ Boston
Game 4: 1 p.m. on 4/28 @ Boston 
Game 5: TBD on 5/1 @ NY
Game 6: TBD on 5/3 @ Boston
Game 7: TBD on 5/5 @ NY, The Celtics may have dropped their final game of the season, but their "X-Factor" Jordan Crawford headed into the playoffs on a high note: http://on.nba.com/10iZcK5, The Boston Celtics will wear a black stripe on their jerseys in Toronto tonight in remembrance of the victims of Monday's tragedy. #BostonStandsAsOne #BostonStrong #Boston, The Celtics return to the court tonight for the first time since Saturday. Here are obstacles they face in Toronto: http://on.nba.com/17GCXOz, Celtics players, coaches and executives speak about the tragedy that took place during Monday's Boston Marathon.

http://youtu.be/awd26X3bAA8, Today was a difficult day for any Bostonian to get up and go to work, Celtics included: http://on.nba.com/10c1wm1, The Celtics Ticket Refund Policy for the game cancellation on April 16 can be found here: http://on.nba.com/Z0Om8E, Molly McGrath talks about the cancellation of the Pacers vs. Celtics game in the wake of Monday's tragedy.

http://youtu.be/-_Sg2H4H1Cs, The Celtics family sends its thoughts and prayers to the friends and families affected by today's tragedy in Boston.
http://instagram.com/p/YJeZK8mwVC/, Out of respect to all those who have been impacted by today's tragic events, the 4/16 Celtics game has been canceled. http://on.nba.com/ZtFSDI, While you prepare yourself for an inordinate amount of Boston-New York storylines this week, the Celtics will do their best to avoid over preparing for the Knicks: http://on.nba.com/15glU6x, The Celtics start to talk about the Knicks as the 1st round of the 2013 NBA Playoffs is now locked in for the C's.

http://youtu.be/3EhWTDwnggY, The Celtics announced today that they have recalled center Fab Melo from the Maine Red Claws. More info here: http://on.nba.com/11aDTpF, Read what the players and coaches had to say about the Celtics' blowout victory over the Magic on Saturday night: http://on.nba.com/ZXcrQA, With so many great performances in Boston's 32-point rout of Orlando, it wasn't an easy task to choose which player earned the Key Box Score Line on Saturday night. Find out who took home the honors here: http://on.nba.com/11aQHNx, Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett will likely play tonight as the C's look to leave Florida with a win against the Magic. Read more about tonight's matchup here: http://on.nba.com/111OmSy, Jeff Green did his best to cool down the Heat on Friday night, but his effort wasn't enough to keep Miami at bay: http://on.nba.com/116P2bS, Take a behind-the-scenes look at the 2013 Celtics Team Photo Shoot.

http://youtu.be/HDQBJTFM4Js, The Celtics-Heat matchup tonight won't be packed with as much star power as it normally would be. Find out more here: http://on.nba.com/12Rtsw1, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's upcoming matchup with the Miami Heat.

http://youtu.be/jxuBoxuWNI8, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath recaps last nights loss to the Brooklyn Nets.

http://youtu.be/qF-LSU3u82M, Rajon Rondo sat down w/ ESPN & spoke publicly for the first time about his ACL injury. Here's his take on the injury: http://on.nba.com/YOgeg8, Tickets for Celtics home games during Round One of the NBA Playoffs are on sale now! Inventory is extremely limited - get your tickets today by clicking here: http://bit.ly/ZKBSVn, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down a game that saw Paul Pierce attempt to lead his team back but fell short to the Nets. 

http://youtu.be/E74u3wCxW5U, The Celtics went the 1st half without a free throw but came out aggressive in the third. The Nets however took down the C's with a balanced attack.

http://youtu.be/uV3g1GiNrPo, Find out what Doc, Pierce and KG had to say about Wednesday's game and their mindset as they prep for the playoffs in the latest edition of That's What He Said: http://on.nba.com/11WUmQx, Former Celtic Kris Joseph is back in TD Garden as a visitor tonight. What's Doc's opinion of Joseph? Find out here: http://bit.ly/Zny6dr, Celtics fans, who waited in line all night to grab their Celtics playoff tickets, describe their excitement for the postseason.

http://youtu.be/LZ-u1h4nDVE, Some play for the playoffs. Others, like KG, live for the playoffs. Watch our brand-new playoff spot here:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB0ojz2Ahjw&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ&index=1, It’s almost game time, and playoff positioning is on the line tonight. Get resale tickets to see the Celtics and Nets at TD Garden! http://bit.ly/10ZVh26, The Celtics and Nets have developed a solid rivalry this season. That rivalry will be on full display tonight: http://on.nba.com/ZN5r1v, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about rebounding threats in tonight's game against the Nets.

http://youtu.be/79-EKbPebcw, Doc Rivers revealed today that opposing coaches actually help the Celtics. Read more on this intriguing story here: http://on.nba.com/YgHAfA, Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett and Doc Rivers talk about the importance of the next five games, including the physicality of the Nets.

http://youtu.be/TC5Z39LPHpM, Alex and Ani and the Boston Celtics have teamed up support the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation. Get your Celtics Knot Charm Bangle today. 20% of all sales goes directly to the Shamrock Foundation. http://bit.ly/YIDuMK, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath previews the possible starting five for the Celtics during the 2013 NBA Playoffs.

http://youtu.be/FRT9dkMy6Ic, The final standings are in for the #CelticsBrackets Challenge. Find out which two players picked the champ right here: http://on.nba.com/10IwehK, Which two Celtics have a chance to pick the NCAA's national champion? Check out the hand-filled brackets right here http://on.nba.com/10IwehK, Subscribe to Club Green, the official e-newsletter of the Boston Celtics, for round one presale access starting tomorrow! http://on.nba.com/YbyPDu, Join the Boston Celtics in honoring Paul Pierce as this year's Red Auerbach Award winner.

http://youtu.be/7hO8XpUR_0A, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Pierce and Garnett's return to the court against the Wizards.

http://youtu.be/7Gs-3MxPTt4, Check out what Doc and the Celtics had to say about Sunday's win over the Wizards in the most recent edition of That's What He Said: http://on.nba.com/145jt7c, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath review the return of Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce as the Celtics beat the Wizards.

http://youtu.be/vJe7enfVa4g, Kevin Garnett returns to the lineup and Brandon Bass continues to play strong as the Celtics overpower the Wizards. 

http://youtu.be/okO63hkBBG4, Brandon Bass stepped up his game while Kevin Garnett was sidelined with a foot injury. KG returned on Sunday night and Bass just kept on rolling: http://on.nba.com/Y7R7pa, Wyc and Doc present Paul Pierce with the Red Auerbach Award pregame before the Celtics face the Wizards at TD Garden Sunday night. #iamaceltic #CelticsLegends, Here's an update on the status of KG, Pierce and Bradley, as well as info on a new Celtics starting lineup: http://bit.ly/ZgHYpv, Six weeks after the Wizards traded Jordan Crawford to the Celtics, he'll finally have an opportunity to get payback against his former team: http://on.nba.com/Xxsz9U, At today's practice, Kevin Garnett talks about his injury and his plans for the future.

http://youtu.be/ZzG9nOpPqwE, Kevin Garnett spoke to the media about his foot on Saturday, the first such time since he suffered the injury on March 22: http://on.nba.com/Z027nA, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico break down last night's loss but talked about the positive impact the bench had.

http://youtu.be/nytqbv8MJuM, Molly McGrath breaks down a game in where the Cavaliers outlasted the Celtics Friday night.

http://youtu.be/1-6qZd4e474, Great players are supposed to leave their mark on games, and unfortunately for the Celtics, Kyrie Irving did just that on Friday: http://on.nba.com/XZLFF0, Paul Pierce is out of tonight's lineup with a bum ankle, so does Doc demand 20 shots out of Jeff Green? Find out here: http://bit.ly/14TNUg1, The Celtics announced today that first round playoff tickets will go on sale Wednesday. Click here for more info: http://on.nba.com/10AU4gx, Join Jeff Green and the Celtics CommUNITY Crew in the unveiling of a new Kilmer School computer lab.

http://youtu.be/0ME-ajEqiL8, The Celtics will have their hands full stopping Kyrie Irving tonight. Find out why in this story: http://on.nba.com/12qC0pR, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's lineup and Brandon Bass' effective play.

http://youtu.be/bkWZ5vXR17E, The Celtics have secured a spot in the 2013 playoffs. Want to access to a Round 1 playoff presale? Subscribe to Club Green today: https://bitly.com/Z4TXNr, Doc Rivers and Jason Terry discuss the importance of practice in the preparation for playoffs.

http://youtu.be/YlOPbbzFfDE, Doc Rivers on Jeff Green remaining in the starting lineup alongside Paul Pierce: "Yeah, I think Jeff has earned that."

Read the whole story here: http://on.nba.com/12mCjBX, In today's Celtics Minute Molly McGrath talks about the improved play of Jeff Green.

http://youtu.be/ACHVbKcGuaA, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down a playoff clinching victory over the Detroit Pistons.

http://youtu.be/crhJFWHARDw, Jeff Green's offensive game has grown exponentially of late. That grown is broken down in this in-depth story (shot charts included) http://on.nba.com/Yxdp36, The Celtics get out rebounded and out shot, but defeat the Pistons and clinch a playoff spot.

http://youtu.be/lwPxDuw1xhs, Jeff Green may have led the scoring charge against the Pistons on Wednesday, but Brandon Bass did a little bit of everything to push the C's to victory: http://on.nba.com/XPJ5RN, American Express Cardmembers, see how to get $10 back 1x when you spend $30+ on Celtics merchandise at TD Garden w/ synced Card. (QtyLtd, Exp 4/17) Details http://bit.ly/Wrkm3d, Bill Walton talks with Molly McGrath about his favorite memory with the Celtics.

http://youtu.be/UM3EwU5VBBs, A limited number of tickets for tonight’s game have just been released. Don’t miss the lone match-up against the Detroit Pistons at the TD Garden this season, get your tickets now: http://bit.ly/Z95lI9, Paul Pierce is listed as a game-time decision for tonight's game against a Pistons team that is 2-0 against the Celtics this season http://on.nba.com/16nVnjC, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the final two weeks of Boston's regular season schedule.

http://youtu.be/v4GuAdbgLmk, RE/MAX of New England and the Celtics are bringing basketball dreams to your front door! Enter to win your very own RE/MAX of New England Home Court Celtics style at http://on.nba.com/zhLAte!, Want presale access to Round 1 Playoff games? Subscribe to Club Green to gain access on April 9 and we’ll keep you up to date with the latest team news, ticket offers, contests and more! http://on.nba.com/Z4TXNr, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about last night's game and the return of Avery Bradley's shooting touch.

http://youtu.be/xwEG4f37BEc, Nikola Pekovic had his way in the paint and pushed the Timberwolves past the Celtics on Monday night, despite six C's scoring in double-figures: http://on.nba.com/Z53gpZ, The Celtics are back at it tonight in Minnesota. As this preview says, tonight's game might be a big one for Jeff Green http://on.nba.com/YWxU5J, It’s never nice to ruin someone’s holiday, but that’s just what the Boston Celtics intend to do when they visit the New York Knicks at 7:30 p.m. Sunday night at Madison Square Garden: http://on.nba.com/Xuih9q, Molly McGrath breaks down a solid victory over the playoff bound Atlanta Hawks.

http://youtu.be/zFeVgOxmBns, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath talk about a clutch win against the Atlanta Hawks.

http://youtu.be/U0ay7ipxvZg, You don’t think about Shavlik Randolph when you think about Celtics MVPs, but he was more than valuable in Boston's Friday night win over Atlanta: http://on.nba.com/YPkxKy, Comcast SportsNet's Greg Dickerson sits down with Jeff Green and Jason Terry in front of a live audience at Del Frisco's in Boston to talk about the upcoming run to the postseason.

http://youtu.be/vgZ115Y-9Mw, The Celtics will receive a boost in the injury department tonight vs Atlanta. Meanwhile, the Hawks have taken a hit http://bit.ly/ZsSbyV, American Express Cardmembers, see how to get $10 back 1x when you spend $30+ on Celtics merchandise at TD Garden w/ synced Card. (QtyLtd, Exp 4/17) Details http://bit.ly/Wrkm3d, Just because the game's sold out doesn't mean you can't go! Buy re-sale tickets from fans for tonight's Hawks/Celtics game on NBATickets.com Buy now: http://bit.ly/10ZVh26, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's game against the Hawks. 

http://youtu.be/amDFub6ebDA, Jason Terry keyed the Celtics to a win over the Hawks three weeks ago. Here's how the C's can beat them again tonight http://on.nba.com/ZsC0kX, Paul Pierce joins Mass. Lottery contestant winners in a game of HORSE at the Celtics' practice facility.

http://youtu.be/0PGo787CL7k, Wanna see something interesting about this Ohio State vs Arizona game? Look at @jasonterry31's #CelticsBrackets pick for this game: http://on.nba.com/YHrpqm, Who's been hot and who has not for the Celtics over their past five games? Take a quick read and see some shot charts here http://on.nba.com/ZDFBAh, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about another game-winning shot by Jeff Green as the C's beat Cleveland.

http://youtu.be/GLJGWkzYGWM, The Celtics and Cumberland Farms are bringing you a chance to win $25,000! Enter the Cumberland Farms Take-A-Shot Contest today for your chance to win 4 tickets to an upcoming home game and an opportunity to participate in a shooting challenge where the Grand Prize is $25,000! http://bit.ly/V2wCGj, Check out what the players and coaches had to say after Wednesday night's down-to-the-wire Celtics vs. Cavaliers game: http://on.nba.com/YUYJ9o, Jeff Green and the Celtics, with Wednesday night's game on the line, could have wilted. Instead, they excelled: http://on.nba.com/13yYgSS, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's game against the Cleveland Cavaliers.

http://youtu.be/Y3jwnMfh9iM, Turnovers and missed shots crippled the Celtics early in the contest as they fell to the Knicks 100 - 85.

http://youtu.be/WzipAdoPSgI, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down last night's Celtics loss to the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/oUnSvYotG-w, The Celtics went on a run to start the third quarter, but it was the Knicks who had the killer instinct on Tuesday night: http://on.nba.com/14uaUSR, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's game against the Knicks.

http://youtu.be/fbfT33i0lYU, Some interesting injury wrinkles are being thrown into tonight's Celtics vs Knicks game. They're all highlighted here http://on.nba.com/14lR3Vp, Doc Rivers and Paul Pierce talk about the burden of this season's injuries and their upcoming battle with New York.

http://youtu.be/2a86TMUT4Ng, Kevin Garnett and Courtney Lee were the latest Celtics to have been bitten by the injury bug. The good news? They'll be back soon: http://on.nba.com/11DUVRf, It was five years ago that Courtney Lee made a Cinderella run in the NCAA tourney. He tells you all about that magical run, and predicts tonight's Western Kentucky vs. Kansas game, right here: http://on.nba.com/Yu6B5K, Paul Pierce tells the media what it feels like to surpass Charles Barkley for 20th all-time in points.

http://youtu.be/4hAKFvi0ZGk, Celtics Cowens Camps presented by Reebok are back for the summer! Now offering four exciting locations. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-18. All campers will receive a reversible camp jersey, appearances by special Celtics guests and much more. For more information and to sign up, visit: http://on.nba.com/XQvpmZ, The Celtics announced today that they have signed F Shavlik Randolph to a multi-year contract. Details here: http://on.nba.com/Yrx6so, On March 13, 2013, Kevin Garnett passed Jerry West for 15th All-Time in points. Hear Garnett's uncut response to that accomplishment. 

http://youtu.be/mlw8SKvTwcU, The first-ever #CelticsBrackets Player Challenge is live on Celtics.com! Check out Jason Terry, Courtney Lee, Chris Wilcox and D.J. White's hand-filled brackets, and compare your picks to theirs! http://on.nba.com/Yu6JyX, Cedric Maxwell sits down with Molly McGrath and describes the game within a game he had with Larry Bird.

http://youtu.be/CgV_BIfYtDs, The Celtics had a chance to seal the win against the Hornets on Wednesday night, but Anthony Davis had other plans: http://on.nba.com/Z01XMb, On March 14, 2013 Celtics Captain Paul Pierce joined his teammates at Kings Dedham in a charity bowling tournament.

http://youtu.be/qeN9JHfPa2A, The Celtics announced today that they have signed forward D.J. White to a multi-year contract. Details here: http://on.nba.com/YoQq9O, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's game against the Hornets. 

http://youtu.be/3tZ3FXUk1tc, There is plenty to look out for during tonight's Celtics vs. Hornets game, but Doc vs. his son Austin isn't 1 of them http://on.nba.com/WDT5eZ, To celebrate his stellar performance in last night's game, get 20% of all Jeff Green products now through midnight. Great game #8 and Go Celtics! http://bit.ly/15mNjis, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath recaps last night's game against the Miami Heat.

http://youtu.be/VNPEqQiM4q4, RE/MAX of New England and the Boston Celtics are giving you the chance to have your home driveway and bedroom made over Celtics style! Enter to win the RE/MAX of New England Home Court Contest at http://on.nba.com/zhLAte, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down the marquee matchup between the Miami Heat and the Boston Celtics.

http://youtu.be/NRERf1LrWnY, Jeff Green had a career high 43 points in a losing effort to the Miami Heat.

http://youtu.be/RplqLU6G1S8, Do the Celtics have a budding superstar on their hands? The debate is open after Jeff Green's performance Monday night http://on.nba.com/15kBzgB, Jeff Green had the opening word on Monday night, but LeBron James had the final say with his game-winning bucket: http://on.nba.com/148GhSM, Kevin Garnett will miss his 2nd consecutive game tonight, but tonight's absence is due to a new reason. Details here: http://bit.ly/16FgX6g, Marc D'Amico dug into the Heat's last 22 games and found some interesting facts. Here's their streak by the numbers: http://on.nba.com/116FiOl, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's home game against the Heat.

http://youtu.be/uc6DIPYBRZA, Winning streaks, injuries and matchups. There's a lot to talk about heading into tonight's Celtics vs. Heat matchup: http://on.nba.com/147d8qX, On March 17, 1963, Celtics legend Bob Cousy gave his farewell address. The Boston Celtics honor the 50th anniversary of that ceremony.

http://youtu.be/Ygr1xqwEerg, In today's Celtics practice, Doc Rivers talks about the team's approach to defense and what it will take to beat the Heat.

http://youtu.be/6XVf1kbWhSE, Kevin Garnett missed Sunday's practice with a left adductor strain. Here's the latest on his injury: http://on.nba.com/YkpTHq, Did you miss last night's rout of the Bobcats? Read up on what the players and coaches thought of the game: http://on.nba.com/ZAxN0T, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down an impressive victory as the Celtics dominated the Bobcats.

http://youtu.be/eXRwKGZ519E, Boston won their 11th straight home game tonight as they got revenge on the Charlotte Bobcats.

http://youtu.be/hxyLRZ_DAfQ, Paul Pierce didn't play in Tuesday night's matchup against the Bobcats, so he went ahead and filled up the stat sheet in Saturday night's rematch instead: http://on.nba.com/YjmwjW, Kevin Garnett will not play tonight against the Bobcats. Here are all of the details on this big pregame story: http://bit.ly/143jXK1, Wednesday night was Milestone Night at TD Garden, and Saturday night may end up being Redemption Night for the C's: http://on.nba.com/ZxZ3xd, The Atlantic Division race may be heating up, but you wouldn't know it by talking to the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/WMfvwR, Doc Rivers talks about improving the team's defense and their upcoming game against Charlotte.

http://youtu.be/tvrwum4qR-c, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Heat's win streak and their upcoming game against the Celtics.

http://youtu.be/Z_-cT-VGFbI, Jeff Green was paint-oriented in Wednesday's win over the Raptors, and that’s a good thing for the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/WkFAlN, The Celtics and Cumberland Farms are bringing you a chance to win $25,000! Enter the Cumberland Farms Take-A-Shot Contest today for your chance to win 4 tickets to an upcoming home game and an opportunity to participate in a shooting challenge where the Grand Prize is $25,000!  http://bit.ly/V2wCGj, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath recaps last night's win in Toronto with Garnett and Pierce making history.

http://youtu.be/Ejf5HM65f90, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down a special night for the Boston Celtics as they crush Toronto.

http://youtu.be/FYc2RoQj8sg, On a special night for the Celtics, Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce both jump up a place in the NBA's all-time scoring list with a victory over Toronto. 

http://youtu.be/5_mqZz4RsWk, Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett tell you how special Wednesday night was to them, as they celebrated career milestones together http://on.nba.com/Z133ns, Wondering what Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett think about the scoring milestones they reached on Wednesday night? Wonder no more: http://on.nba.com/YaHTai, Boston's bench spearheaded a third quarter run that helped put Wednesday's game away for good. Find out more here: http://on.nba.com/ZoyREU, Tonight the Boston Celtics salute the Special Olympics Massachusetts Law Enforcement Torch Run program presented in part by JN Phillips Auto Glass. 1,000 Massachusetts police officers are the Guardians of the Flame of Hope, responsible for its safe journey across the Bay State and into the Opening Ceremonies this June.  Special Olympics athlete Bobby Pouliot of North Attleboro was on hand to receive the flame, joining hundreds of other athletes at tonight’s Special Olympics Night at TD Garden., Here's what Doc Rivers thinks of Wes Welker's reported exit from the New England Patriots: http://bit.ly/13TGg4v, American Express Cardmembers, see how to get $10 back 1x when you spend $30+ on Celtics merchandise at TD Garden w/ synced Card. (QtyLtd, Exp 4/17) Details: http://bit.ly/Wrkm3d, Part 2 -- Jared Sullinger talks about the team's response to its flurry of injuries.

http://youtu.be/DERsL0zoE10, There's only one mindset the Celtics could have after their loss to the Bobcats Tuesday night. Marc D'Amico explains here: http://on.nba.com/16srvFE, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Pierce and KG being on the verge of career milestones.

http://youtu.be/FfkasGr0d7U, It's bounce-back night for the Celtics. Having Paul Pierce back in the lineup vs Toronto should help the cause: http://on.nba.com/ZzLw6w, We're just about to hit 1 million fans on Twitter. To celebrate, we're giving away a pair of courtside tickets for tonight's game vs. Toronto! For a chance to win courtsides for tonight, tweet why you follow @Celtics & use the #MillionCelticsFans tag. We'll pick 1 lucky winner., The dominoes are set to topple for the C's, and tonight's matchup against the Bobcats could start a chain reaction: http://on.nba.com/13RPBK8, Part 1 – Jared Sullinger talks about his back surgery and recovery process.

http://youtu.be/_mBZ-bW9YGk, It's hard to believe, but 2013-14 Celtics Dancers auditions are right around the corner!  Here's all the info you need to try out: http://on.nba.com/Y7QMBt, The Celtics will have playoff positioning on their minds as they visit the Bobcats tonight. Read all about it here: on.nba.com/15KpVOe, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's matchup as the Celtics visit Charlotte. 

http://youtu.be/R95zI742xCg, The Celtics announced today that they have signed Shavlik Randolph to a second 10-day contract. More info here: http://on.nba.com/10x1OiW, Who's hot and who's not for the Celtics thus far in March? We give you the answers right here: http://on.nba.com/13PUeod, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath discusses the team's game against the Thunder.

http://youtu.be/rXfWxQ-AEYw, Brandon Bass may not have posted gaudy scoring numbers in Sunday afternoon's tilt with the Thunder, but his energy and hustle had a huge impact on the contest: http://on.nba.com/14KGKWI, Read up on what to expect when the C's take on the second-best team in the Western Conference tomorrow afternoon: http://on.nba.com/Y0WvJh, The Celtics come away with an overtime victory against the Hawks in a playoff like atmosphere in Boston.

http://youtu.be/ND7M0G4zKso, Jason Terry isn't short on confidence, and that confidence paid off in a big way on Friday night: http://on.nba.com/Y1kTaD, Wondering what the NBA playoff picture looks like? We break it down here and tell you why the Celtics are trending up http://on.nba.com/Y0KiB9, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's game against the Hawks.

http://youtu.be/bXJh_K_WP4w, The Boston Celtics will put a four-game winning streak on the line as they host the Atlanta Hawks tonight in TD Garden. Here's what to expect from the matchup: http://on.nba.com/13JYgOI, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about last night's comeback win over the Indiana Pacers.

http://youtu.be/OHqv-3v-Ggk, Celebrate last night’s comeback win and gear up for tomorrow night's battle against ATL with this offer from the Celtics Store! Save 20% on the adidas Zone In Tee from now until midnight tonight only! Enter code WINNER at checkout. Offer ends tonight at 11:59pm PST. Get it > http://bit.ly/10iNZbw, RE/MAX of New England and the Boston Celtics are giving you the chance to have your home driveway and bedroom made over Celtics style! Enter to win the RE/MAX of New England Home Court Contest at http://on.nba.com/zhLAte, Jeff Green celebrates after scoring the game-winner in Indianapolis last night. #iamaceltic, Doc Rivers is an absolute genius. Just ask the Indiana Pacers: http://on.nba.com/W6Tuqd, Celtics Cowens Camps presented by Reebok are back for the summer! Now offering four exciting locations. Camps are open to boys and girls ages 10-18. Sign up before March 15 and automatically receive a $25 discount off registration. For more information and to sign up, visit http://on.nba.com/XQvpmZ, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the team and tonight's game.

http://youtu.be/LGl10EM95hU, If you're an old-school bball fan, you'll want to watch tonight's meeting between the Celtics and Pacers. Here's why: http://on.nba.com/XPTpXv, Here are the details on Avery Bradley's big night, Doc's big decision, and the Celtics' third straight win http://on.nba.com/Xp6iZS, Look good for the playoff push and save 20% on all hoodies in the Celtics Store! Enter code HOOD20 at checkout. Offer ends 3/10 @ 11:59pm PST. Save now! http://bit.ly/101MNFC, The Celtics and Sixers meet tonight in Philly. Here are a few reasons why this matchup will be different than the last one http://on.nba.com/YTPzMr, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the December meetings with the 76ers and previews tonight's matchup in Philly.

http://youtu.be/x2izYHIDq_A, Here's our Celtics.com story on Doc Rivers enjoying a Sunday in Maine as a proud father http://on.nba.com/Z3FUVq, The Celtics talk about the importance of every game as they head into the stretch run of the season.

http://youtu.be/N70UBPjuIM0, The vibe in the Celtics' practice facility has noticeably changed as the team gears up for a late-season surge heading into the NBA Playoffs: http://on.nba.com/YQl0ah, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Terrence Williams and Chris Wilcox.

http://youtu.be/Zj3VOD53nx4, Find out who missed today's Celtics practice and what it meant for the team right here: http://on.nba.com/ZStPRQ, The Celtics had an open practice on Sunday to allow the new players to run some drills and the team to take some reps.

http://youtu.be/E0VVxOlM5vo, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico break down a team victory over the Warriors.

http://youtu.be/DT8dpvSit8A, Molly McGrath breaks down a zone minded Celtics win over the Golden State Warriors.

http://youtu.be/eNFCJohZ9ww, When Avery Bradley picked up his fifth foul early in the third quarter, the Celtics needed someone to step up in his absence. Jeff Green did in a big way: http://on.nba.com/14bEmYW, Celtics fans love their young guys, but Doc just told us all to temper our expectations with the team's recent signees http://bit.ly/XLUXQ1, The Celtics will play at TD Garden tonight for the first time since Feb. 13. Here's a look at the action that's on its way: http://on.nba.com/YciDPE, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's game against the Warriors.

http://youtu.be/u6gXeBObdwk, D.J. White gives his 1st interview as a member of the Boston Celtics.

http://youtu.be/ouwScNFW9qM, Molly McGrath gets an exclusive 1-on-1 interview with recent acquisition Jordan Crawford. 

http://youtu.be/Mrwj01uyn_k, The Celtics historically bolster their roster with veterans in late-February. Here's why this year is different: http://on.nba.com/YKORmh, Doc Rivers talks about the ability to run full court drills with his new players, and Paul Pierce discusses the tenacious defense of Avery Bradley.

http://youtu.be/gHIOot-jnY8, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the play of Jordan Crawford and Terrence Williams.

http://youtu.be/V5xaRIXPBdE, Join the Boston Celtics as they filmed NBA All-Stars and volunteers constructing a playground in Houston.

http://youtu.be/XYk5JGQesmo, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the team's upcoming schedule.

http://youtu.be/G9ZsfufS-C8, Here's an inside look at the 2013 All-Star NBA Jam Session in Houston, Texas.

http://youtu.be/kLpIa3wPQ7s, Jeff Green and Jason Terry of the Boston Celtics participated in this season's Read to Achieve play at Mason Pilot School. 

http://youtu.be/fg-xila4kgc, Here’s your chance to meet the Truth! Enter the Mass Lottery 2013 Boston Celtics Sweepstakes for your chance to play Celtics Captain Paul Pierce in a game of H.O.R.S.E. For more chances to win great prizes from the Celtics and the Mass Lottery be sure to play 2012 Boston Celtics Instant Game which offers chances to win up to $50,000 instantly, plus great Celtics experience prizes in the Second Chance Bonus Drawing. Click here to enter:  http://on.nba.com/XKhxct  

*MUST BE A LEGAL RESIDENT OF MASSACHUSETTS AND 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER TO ENTER., In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath recaps Boston's overtime victory in Utah over the Jazz.

http://youtu.be/Z9ebPvsOMKg, If you missed Monday's win in Utah, you missed Paul Pierce going bananas in the clutch. Marc D'Amico sums it all up for you right here: http://on.nba.com/WaLcjH, Molly McGrath breaks down the Celtics Top 5 Plays from the past two weeks.

http://youtu.be/SZns1SYqu6w, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath discusses the Celtics' road trip and tonight's game in Utah.

http://youtu.be/UYNlpykdS_0, The Celtics wrap up their five-game road trip tonight in Utah. Here's a preview of the action: http://on.nba.com/13aGYdM, Here's the scoop on how the Celtics dominated the Suns & how Jeff Green had the best night of his career with the C's http://on.nba.com/USZgMO, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Celtics' trade for Jordan Crawford.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qeQDzs-ejI&feature=share&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, The Celtics are back at it tonight in Phoenix. Here's how yesterday's trade affects tonight's game: http://on.nba.com/XQA4lY, The Celtics announced today that they have acquired Jordan Crawford from the Wizards. Here's the full story on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/VQxsdB, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Lakers' emotional win over the Celtics in Los Angeles.

http://youtu.be/yxz-8JcL1Sw, Enter for a chance to win this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be part of a special Celtics fan appreciation event! The Sprint Unlimited Basketball Fan Fest puts you right on the court of the Celtics’ training facility in a day-long celebration of the C’s. No purchase necessary. Enter here: http://bit.ly/XnqXNj, The Celtics announced today that they have signed guard/forward Terrence Williams. Details here: http://on.nba.com/VwhjHz, The Celtics demolished the Lakers in Boston two weeks ago. What happens tonight when they meet in LA? http://on.nba.com/11VuGGj, In Today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath discusses tonight's game against the Lakers in Los Angeles.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQv5oBiYCKY&feature=share&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, One play swung the momentum from the Celtics to the Nuggets for good in Tuesday night's tilt in Denver: http://on.nba.com/Xu8IVi, Here’s your chance to meet the Truth! Enter the Mass Lottery 2013 Boston Celtics Sweepstakes for your chance to play Celtics Captain Paul Pierce in a game of H.O.R.S.E. For more chances to win great prizes from the Celtics and the Mass Lottery be sure to play 2012 Boston Celtics Instant Game which offers chances to win up to $50,000 instantly, plus great Celtics experience prizes in the Second Chance Bonus Drawing. Click here to enter:  http://on.nba.com/XKhxct  *MUST BE A LEGAL RESIDENT OF MASSACHUSETTS AND 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER TO ENTER., Molly McGrath discusses Kevin Garnett's All-Star weekend and takes a look at tonight's matchup with the Nuggets.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0iL64SdHGs&feature=share&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, Here's a little lunchtime material: Prep yourself for the second half of Boston's season, which begins tonight in Denver http://on.nba.com/153m4LH, Here's what was really on Kevin Garnett's mind all weekend in Houston, including during Sunday night's All-Star game http://on.nba.com/WRfsht, Hear Kevin Garnett's All-Star post game interview in Houston, Texas.

http://youtu.be/LqIHtbE9DNI, NBA Cares puts on a special clinic at Jam Session on All-Star Weekend in Houston, Texas.

http://youtu.be/rExyvBDc220, Hear what NBA Rising Stars Tristan Thompson, Anthony Davis, Dion Waiters and Tyler Zeller had to say about the play of Jared Sullinger.

http://youtu.be/SeIpqUYZiAM, Kevin Garnett delved deep on Saturday into his relationship with Paul Pierce. This is what he had to say: http://on.nba.com/WAbAQo, Some All-Stars will be playing alongside their childhood idols for the first time this weekend.  As Kevin Garnett can attest, even NBA players can get starstruck: http://on.nba.com/12T5BXy, Hear what Kevin Garnett had to say before ALL-Star practice on Saturday in Houston, Texas.

http://youtu.be/2CqVAtaXddI, Several NBA All-Stars, including LeBron James and Joakim Noah, give their thoughts on Kevin Garnett.

http://youtu.be/k2afrSoKsgQ, Listen to what Kevin Garnett had to say at his All-Star press conference in Houston, Texas.

http://youtu.be/eeVjIA8oK04, Jared Sullinger may not be suiting up for the Rising Stars Challenge, but he was still a hot topic today in Houston: http://on.nba.com/12NVzqD, Kevin Garnett stated Wednesday night that Sunday will be the final All-Star game of his career. Here’s a piece of advice concerning that comment - Don’t read into it: http://on.nba.com/XdciTu, Kevin Garnett is heading to Houston to start in what he says will "definitely" be his last All-Star game. Take a look at KG's lengthy All-Star career here: http://on.nba.com/11JllBq, EXCLUSIVE FACEBOOK OFFER! Save 20% on all Celtics jackets now through Sunday at the Celtics Store! Brave the cold in style! Enter code WARM at checkout. Offer ends 2/17/13 @11:59pm PST. Warm up now! http://bit.ly/WqObkq, Happy Valentine's Day! Design your Celtics Couples Closet on Pinterest & you could win a $500 gift card to buy your favorite @Celtics gear: http://on.nba.com/VU5KfL, The Celtics head into the All-Star break 4 games over .500 with a victory over the Chicago Bulls.

http://youtu.be/zZo4b9Pl0dI, Could the Key Moment of Boston’s thrilling 71-69 victory over Chicago really be... free throws? Find out: http://on.nba.com/XARaUH, Did you miss the C's fourth-quarter comeback?  Check out the best photos from Wednesday's win over the Bulls here: http://on.nba.com/15dYay3, The Celtics are down to 10 players and 3 guards. How will they fill the roster? Doc discussed prior to tonight's game http://bit.ly/15dibVE, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath discusses the Celtics' injuries and tonight's game against the Chicago Bulls.

http://youtu.be/CH3E8yNuEE8, Jared Sullinger will host a live video chat on Celtics.com and the Celtics mobile app today at 5pm EST... and he's taking your questions! Tweet a question with the #AskSully tag and Jared may answer your question live! Download the Celtics Mobile App now to watch the live stream: http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, There's a lot to look out for during tonight's Celtics vs. Bulls game. We take you through it all here: http://on.nba.com/12yH1uQ, Jared Sullinger hosted a clothing drive late last month that generated over 11,000 pounds of clothes. Hear the sights and sounds of that day.

http://youtu.be/RY9soq5Ja4k, Enter for a chance to win this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be part of a special Celtics fan appreciation event! The Sprint Unlimited Basketball Fan Fest puts you right on the court of the Celtics’ training facility in a day-long celebration of the C’s. No purchase necessary. Enter here: http://bit.ly/VJAAlZ, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Bobcats breaking the Celtics' win streak and the injury to Leandro Barbosa.

http://youtu.be/R6ZgUbkj8Uk, Just one night after a triple-OT victory, the Celtics fought valiantly for another win but ran out of gas in Charlotte: http://on.nba.com/Wgip9r, Molly McGrath brings you the Celtics Top 5 Plays of the Week.

http://youtu.be/YmvfKkDmBdQ, Sunday was a long day for the Celtics. With a matchup vs. the Bobcats scheduled for 7:00, Monday might be even longer. http://on.nba.com/11BSEGs, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Celtics' big triple-overtime win over the Denver Nuggets.

http://youtu.be/zm3lZnisIrw, In case you missed it: Nine games after being overlooked for the All-Star game, Paul Pierce is laughing in the faces of those voters:  http://on.nba.com/11AEi9j, How are the Boston Celtics streaking without Rondo? Some cagey vets are stepping up their game: http://on.nba.com/XCi2pl, Nine games after being overlooked for the All-Star game, Paul Pierce is laughing in the faces of those voters: http://on.nba.com/11AEi9j, Marc D'Amico & Molly McGrath break down a thrilling triple-overtime victory.

http://youtu.be/YBn9Q6H1-gg, The Celtics extend their win streak to 7 in a triple-overtime classic.

http://youtu.be/8K_l0dZboEg, Paul Pierce did it all on Sunday night. Key buckets, boards and dimes earned him top honors in our Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/12FcoZ2, Check out the best photos from the Celtics' triple-OT thriller vs. the Nuggets Sunday night: http://on.nba.com/Z4l4Hw, The Celtics and Nuggets are both streaking thanks to their incredible balance. Doc discusses that balance here: http://bit.ly/U2ScMY, Even winter snowsnorm Nemo isn't enough to keep the red-hot Celtics and streaking Nuggets from clashing on Sunday: http://on.nba.com/YOVSRq, KG hits 25,000 career points! Celebrate by saving 25% on all Kevin Garnett gear at the Celtics Store! Enter code KG25K at checkout. Offer ends 2/10 @ 11:59pm PST. Go KG. http://bit.ly/WICaX9, Take a rare tour with Paul Pierce as he takes the Million Hour Challenge winners through the Celtics' practice facility in Waltham.

http://youtu.be/wiwhdOcF1E4, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down a dominant Celtics' win over the Los Angeles Lakers. 

http://youtu.be/N-eOh1Twkfs, The Boston Celtics beat LA in dominant fashion tonight to earn their 6th straight win. Keven Garnett also had a milestone by surpassing the illustrious 25,000 career point mark to the delight of Boston sports fans. 

http://youtu.be/iXjK6OtrZS4, The Lakers were done when they trailed by 11 points midway through the third quarter of Wednesday's game, but the chef decided to put them back in the oven. By the end of the quarter, they weren't just done - they were well done. Consider them cooked: http://on.nba.com/12xTtzn, The Celtics routed the Lakers on Thursday night, and we've got all of the best photos right here: http://on.nba.com/XbRoW3, The Big Ticket reached 25,000 career points on Thursday night at TD Garden against the Lakers. http://instagr.am/p/Vc__ZdGwdK/, How great has Kobe Bryant been against the Celtics over the past five years? Maybe not as great as you'd assume http://on.nba.com/XTE7PW, The Lakers and Celtics meet tonight for the 277th time in the regular season. Hear what Celtics center and L.A. native Jason Collins had to say about entering the rivalry for the first time.

http://youtu.be/5aX4SdlbaeM, To celebrate tonight's Celtics showdown against the Lakers, check out this exclusive gameday special for Celtics Facebook fans! Save 20% on all headwear by entering code GAME20 at checkout! Offer ends 11:59pm PST tonight! Save now! http://bit.ly/XT6LRj, The Celtics and Cumberland Farms are giving you a chance to win $25,000! Enter the Cumberland Farms Take-A-Shot Contest today for your chance to win 4 tickets to an upcoming home game and an opportunity to participate in a shooting challenge where the Grand Prize is  $25,000!  Enter now! www.celtics.com/takeashot, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Celtics' comeback win over the Raptors, the Lakers coming to town and Kevin Garnett gunning for the 25,000 point club.

http://youtu.be/dQvC5kmREw8, The rivalry returns! It's Celtics vs Lakers tonight in TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/YGT6h6, Most of Boston’s bench wasn’t itself Wednesday night. Leandro Barbosa was the exception, however, as he and Kevin Garnett led the Celtics to a gutsy come-from-behind victory against the Raptors: http://on.nba.com/UCfH1a, Get ready for tonight's tilt against our neighbors from north of the border with our Scouting Report: Toronto Raptors: http://on.nba.com/WRhgU8, The Celtics are in Toronto to take on an upgraded Raptors team tonight. Read up on the intriguing matchup here: http://on.nba.com/X4sEif, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about tonight's matchup against the Toronto Raptors and their new forward, Rudy Gay.

http://youtu.be/wjBQWB7o9xY, If you were wondering, the annual February rumor mill isn't spinning the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/WZY4q5, Molly McGrath reports from Waltham as the Boston Celtics prepare for an upcoming road game against Rudy Gay and the Toronto Raptors.

http://youtu.be/iJ_pmtw4HkY, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the efficiency of the offense, the team's ball movement and the improvement of Jason Terry and Jeff Green.  

http://youtu.be/MEayo-eTh8A, Enter for a chance to win this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be part of a special Celtics fan appreciation event! The Sprint Unlimited Basketball Fan Fest puts you right on the court of the Celtics’ training facility in a day-long celebration of the C’s. No purchase necessary.
Enter here: http://bit.ly/TG8R8Z, Molly McGrath brings you the Celtics Top 5 Plays of the Week.

http://youtu.be/i4DpJO1GP_0, Are you an aspiring dancer between the ages of 13-18?  Sign up for the Celtics Dancers Dance Clinic and get an incredible opportunity to perform at halftime on the Garden parquet!, In today's Celtics Minute Molly McGrath talks about Paul Pierce's game winning shot and how the Celtics have been distributing the ball more efficiently.

http://youtu.be/NaL_StITpLE, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath break down a big Celtic win over the Los Angeles Clippers.

http://youtu.be/Iey-spcbawo, The Celtics were super this Sunday as they took down the LA Clippers.

http://youtu.be/ctHX_eQOw-w, There's no doubt about what the Key Moment was in Sunday's win over the Clippers. Paul Pierce owned that moment: http://on.nba.com/12lls59, The C's withstood a second-half rally by the Clippers and rolled to their fourth straight win. Check out the best photos from Sunday's victory: http://on.nba.com/UPW8jt, Both the C's and the Clippers have been playing through injuries, but one team is struggling while the other surges: http://on.nba.com/WIikcQ, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico break down an emotional win for the Celtics over the Orlando Magic.

http://youtu.be/mlhDkVsR_Tg, The Celtics came out and had a true team win after learning earlier about Jared Sullinger's successful season ending back surgery. 

http://youtu.be/03F6l2DTutQ, Jeff Green was a monster in Friday night's win over the Orlando Magic. No, really. A legitimate monster: http://on.nba.com/XvrwSZ, Catch the best photos from Friday's win vs. the Magic in our official game action photo gallery: http://on.nba.com/WkIF4e, BREAKING NEWS REPORT: Sullinger has season ending surgery. 

The unfortunate news came today as Jared Sullinger had season ending back surgery. Hear what Doc Rivers, Danny Ainge and more had to say about this breaking story.

http://youtu.be/Mpc62Hfijsc, Here's the outlook for the Celtics and Jared Sullinger following his back surgery this morning: http://bit.ly/11uLWMP, Jared Sullinger underwent successful lumbar disc surgery today at NEBH. Details here: http://on.nba.com/11uEzox, An exclusive sitdown interview with Celtics legend Bill Walton.

http://youtu.be/BodXUyWZNo0, E'Twaun Moore returns to the Garden as a member of the Orlando Magic. Moore gives Molly McGrath an exclusive interview about being back in Boston.

http://youtu.be/J34uIEv_Qgk, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about the Orlando Magic matchup, the return of Glen "Big Baby" Davis and his unfortunate foot injury.

http://youtu.be/ympW-_WH284, It's a reunion night tonight at TD Garden. Or... is it? http://on.nba.com/11t2jJW, Molly McGrath brings you the news from Boston's practice today, as Brandon Bass discusses his performance last night and Doc Rivers gives the latest on Jared Sullinger.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGFqj3SpIAQ&feature=share&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, Prior to Thursday's practice, Doc Rivers discussed Jared Sullinger's back spasms. Here's what he had to say http://on.nba.com/ThCSfb, Only one Celtics player spoke at today's practice. He just so happened to be the one who finally met expectations Wed night http://on.nba.com/WB92lW, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly McGrath talks about Brandon Bass' impact in last night's game against the Sacramento Kings, and also reports on Jared Sullinger's back spasms. 

http://youtu.be/c25FAcslFXY, The Boston Celtics and Mohegan Sun would like to congratulate Nicole from Weymouth, MA, the winner of the Stay & Play Sweepstakes! Check out Nicole’s Shine 360° Moment at Mohegan Sun following the win over Miami on Sunday Night! If you want a chance to receive fantastic sweepstakes opportunities, special offers for visits and more from Mohegan Sun, sign up for the free Club Green E-Newsletter presented by Mohegan Sun at Celtics.com/subscribe today! http://bit.ly/WU83eG, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico give you their insight on the Celtics' victory over the Sacramento Kings.

http://youtu.be/4HVgtWmUrl8, Molly McGrath breaks down an impressive Celtics win over the Sacramento Kings.

http://youtu.be/Wz6K4SAtLiU, It was Boston's bench that helped spark the run that put the Kings in the rear-view mirror on Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/14sLFxk, Miss the game? We've got you covered. Check out our game action photo gallery from tonight's blowout win vs. the Kings: http://on.nba.com/WzgAFT, Tonight's Pregame Post Ups are dedicated to Jared Sullinger and why he should play in the Rising Stars Challenge: http://bit.ly/Xklt3t, Molly McGrath gives you a preview on tonight's matchup against the Sacramento Kings.

http://youtu.be/Ex8pw6ouDpQ, Moving forward and revenge will both be on the minds of the Celtics when they take on the Kings tonight: http://on.nba.com/VvSf5C, Molly McGrath brings you the latest updates from the Waltham practice facility.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpaTO6oQo3k&feature=share&list=UUMfT9dr6xC_RIWoA9hI0meQ, What is Doc Rivers most concerned about with Rajon Rondo out of the lineup? The answer is here, and it may surprise you.
http://on.nba.com/VlZ9Fi, Molly McGrath brings you today's Celtics Minute from Waltham.

http://youtu.be/5N47y1q_ckA, Molly McGrath brings you this weeks top 5 plays.

http://youtu.be/3w8qn6YMM9A, Join Dunkin Donuts and Avery Bradley for a LIVE video chat on Celtics.com and the Celtics Mobile App at 7pm EST. Tweet your question to Avery now with the #DDAskAvery tag!, Molly McGrath talks about the Celtics double overtime win against the defending champion Miami Heat and also brings you the latest details on Rajon Rondo's season ending injury.

http://youtu.be/exuBy5PvNG0, Want to meet Celtics rookie Jared Sullinger? Jared's hosting a clothing drive at Morgan Memorial Goodwill Industries in Boston this Tuesday, January 29 from 5:30-7pm. 

Simply bring your gently used clothing to donate and you'll receive an autograph and picture with Jared Sullinger! Plus, you could win a VIP experience at a Celtics home game or a private youth basketball clinic with Jared.
http://bit.ly/14pb9eT, Sunday's game vs. Miami was circled on many calendars, and it turned out to be a seminal moment in the Celtics' season: http://on.nba.com/WqUvZS, Marc D'Amico and Molly McGrath give their insight on a thrilling double overtime victory over the Miami Heat.

http://youtu.be/kGc0a2uYzTg, Molly McGrath brings you hi-lights and insight on a thrilling double overtime victory over the Miami Heat.

http://youtu.be/K7GkC4CLFAc, Molly McGrath brings you the breaking story of Rajon Rondo's season ending injury.

http://youtu.be/ifLRlwGFFt0, We take you through the wild day at TD Garden, as the Celtics defeated Miami while Rajon Rondo's season ended: http://on.nba.com/TJqCFK, Although it was circled on many calendars, Sunday's game was of greater importance than anyone could have predicted: http://on.nba.com/WqUvZS, During crunch time in Sunday's showdown vs. Miami, Paul Pierce again showed the world why he relishes the big moment: http://on.nba.com/WimwT3, Rondo tears ACL, surgery date TBD. More on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/Uvebey, Join us on Celtics.com now for GameTime Live chat coverage of Celtics vs. Heat live from TD Garden! http://www.celtics.com, Doc Rivers has made a major lineup change. Here are the details, including positives and negatives of the move: http://bit.ly/SVmVLC, The Boston Celtics will have the perfect opportunity to prove they're still a force to be reckoned with when they host the defending champion Miami Heat on Sunday afternoon: http://on.nba.com/10Z9iQ3, The Celtics dismantled the Hawks back on January 5 on the second night of a grueling back-to-back. They'll look to duplicate that effort tonight in similar cirumstances: http://on.nba.com/WZ1ntW, Molly McGrath brings you the news of the day in today's Celtics Minute.

http://youtu.be/KS7Wl1mWAfs, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico break down the Celtics loss to the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/PBdma7IgkQc, Molly McGrath brings you inside the Celtics locker room and breaks down another tough loss to the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/2zvJBHQEwkU, Rondo notched his fourth triple-double of the season (leads the NBA) but the C's came up short against the Knicks tonight. We've got all of the best photos of the contest right here: http://on.nba.com/VmlSGA, Here's how the Knicks' strange starting lineup tonight affects the Celtics: http://bit.ly/WRMYB4, Molly McGrath gives you a preview of tonight's matchup against the New York Knicks.

http://youtu.be/38Mtapgm6KI, How competitive have Celtics vs. Knicks games been over the past few seasons? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/WwP75B, Be there live when the Celtics face the New York Knicks tomorrow night at 8:00PM. A limited number of upper and lower level tickets have just been released, get your tickets to this marquee match-up today! http://bit.ly/VsAqkk, If the Boston Celtics’ season is a seesaw, neither end is touching the ground. That might change in the next four days: http://on.nba.com/VkeN9t, The Celtics took a three-point lead over the Cavaliers after Jared Sullinger hit a jumper with 5:23 remaining in Tuesday night's game. Then Kyrie Irving happened: http://on.nba.com/VZ05TG, Molly McGrath brings you the top 5 plays of the week for the Boston Celtics.

http://youtu.be/MBBtNgT9XcY, Make your picks in our Celtics 3-Point Play app on Facebook and you could win free tickets to see the C's and Heat battle it out this Sunday in TD Garden!
http://bit.ly/VieTOP, Molly brings you the news of the day in today's Celtics Minute.

http://youtu.be/U7RDrK_mato, It's a turn-the-page day for the Celtics. They're ready to get back into the win column tonight in Cleveland: http://on.nba.com/10DHLma, Enter the Stay and Play Sweepstakes presented by Mohegan Sun to win the Celtics experience of a lifetime! One lucky fan will win four tickets to the January 27 game vs. the Miami Heat, a two-night stay at Mohegan Sun with limousine transportation, and more! Enter now: http://bit.ly/cg_msun, The Celtics will attempt to avenge their last loss to the Pistons as they visit the Palace of Auburn Hills tonight: http://on.nba.com/VeAuI9, Friday night, Brian Boyle, volunteer spokesperson for the American Red Cross, was honored as a Heroes Among Us. On Sunday you can join him along with the Celtics, Bruins, and Bob’s Discount Furniture at the Red Cross Blood Drive from 8am-3pm @ TD Garden. To register call 1-800-RED-CROSS or click here for more info: http://www.mybobs.com/outreach/highschoolheroes., Molly brings you the news of the day at the practice facility in Waltham, MA.

http://youtu.be/hfPHXKGFWPM, Avery Bradley underwent a second set of X-rays on his ribs today. Here's the full story: http://on.nba.com/VC7W8G, Molly McGrath and Marc D'Amico break down a tough Celtics loss as they fall to the Bulls 100-99 in overtime.

http://youtu.be/oQklhivLIcg, The Boston Celtics hang tough but fall to the Chicago Bulls 100-99 in overtime.

http://youtu.be/vwY3whQpjJo, The Celtics lost in overtime Friday night against Chicago, but they really lost the game at the end of regulation: http://on.nba.com/Wfoq54, How are the Bulls so good without Derrick Rose? Doc Rivers gives you the answer, and it might surprise you: http://bit.ly/10FiPLS, Molly McGrath gives you the All-Star voting results and Rajon Rondo talks about what the fans mean to him.

http://youtu.be/OrqiGORCPMg, Here's some lunch-time reading material for you: Read up on the Celtics-Bulls rivalry returning to TD Garden.
http://on.nba.com/XJuxjc, Fans have voted Kevin Garnett and Rajon Rondo in as Eastern Conference All-Star starters! Read up on this breaking news here: http://on.nba.com/U4NixX, The Celtics know that being a jump shooting basketball team is like walking a tight rope: http://on.nba.com/W9vHCE, Enter the Stay and Play Sweepstakes presented by Mohegan Sun to win the Celtics experience of a lifetime! One lucky fan will win four tickets to the January 27 game vs. Miami, a two-night stay at Mohegan Sun with limousine transportation, and more! http://on.nba.com/VLVhyl, Austin Rivers discusses facing his father for the first time in tonight's Pregame Post Ups: http://bit.ly/W7EJQt, The Rivers family isn't the only group excited about Austin Rivers playing his first NBA game on the parquet tonight: http://on.nba.com/Y9UA72, Doc Rivers faces his son and two red-hot teams collide tonight in TD Garden.  It's all summed up here: http://on.nba.com/UsMcuT, Watch Doc Rivers and the Celtics discuss tonight's matchup against Doc's son, Austin, with this practice update from Tuesday: http://bit.ly/ZXaVHP, Doc Rivers hasn't faced off against his son Austin in any meaningful game yet in his life. That won't be so true after tomorrow night's matchup in Boston: http://on.nba.com/ZUpEDn, A limited number of $10 balcony tickets have been released for tomorrow night’s game against the Hornets. See the Celtics as they look to extend their winning streak to seven games at an incredible value by using the promo code ‘CLUBGREEN’!

http://bit.ly/W9ubAR, The Celtics and Cumberland Farms are bringing you a chance to win $25,000! Enter the Cumberland Farms Take-A-Shot Contest today for your chance to win 4 tickets to an upcoming home game and an opportunity to participate in a shooting challenge where the Grand Prize is $25,000! http://bit.ly/V2wCGj, Rajon Rondo owns tonight's Key Box Score Line after he racked up his third triple-double of the season and pushed the C's to a win. Find out what the Key Moment of the win was and other Box Score Nuggets here: http://on.nba.com/VXs85i, Just 30 minutes until the Celtics tip off against the Bobcats in TD Garden.  In the meantime, you should check out the Celtics Top 5 Plays from Jan. 8 to Jan. 13: http://on.nba.com/W1y1MW, Former UConn star Kemba Walker is back in New England to play the C's. Read up on him with this Bobcats Scouting Report http://on.nba.com/WY3FsT, The Celtics will be seeking their sixth straight win when they take on Charlotte tonight. Find out the surprising comment Doc Rivers said about the Bobcats here: http://on.nba.com/V679PU, Begin your week by watching Molly McGrath's exclusive one-on-one interview with Avery Bradley: http://on.nba.com/VFtVMX, Kevin Garnett was having a quiet night as of 9:30 p.m. on Friday. By 10 p.m., he had taken over: http://on.nba.com/TQstpX, The Celtics dropped the Rockets, 103-91, and rolled to their fifth-straight victory tonight in Boston. Catch a glimpse of the action here: http://on.nba.com/UcP8LY, What did Kevin McHale say about Courtney Lee, and what was Lee's response?  Find out here: http://bit.ly/ZDNrY4, The Celtics will need to limit the impact of James Harden as they host the Rockets tonight in TD Garden. Get the full scoop: http://bit.ly/SoI7u, KG offered a rare glimpse into his development as a player and as a person on Thursday morning. Here's his story: http://on.nba.com/ZMY3bO, Enter the Stay and Play Sweepstakes presented by Mohegan Sun to win the Celtics experience of a lifetime! One lucky fan will win four tickets to the January 27 game vs. Miami, a two-night stay at Mohegan Sun with limousine transportation, and more! http://on.nba.com/VLVhyl, Celtics rookie rebounding machine Jared Sullinger is starting to look like the steal of the 2012 NBA Draft: http://on.nba.com/VUPV2Q, Doc Rivers put his trust in the bench when it mattered most, and it paid dividends for the Celtics on Wednesday night: http://on.nba.com/11hZijH, Didn't get a chance to watch the Celtics take down the Suns? Catch up on the win with our game action photo gallery: http://on.nba.com/ViWWhm, Jason Terry's shot has been struggling for a month-plus. What do he and the Celtics think about that? Find out here: http://bit.ly/WPiRJr, What significance does the number 100 hold for the Celtics as they host the Suns tonight in TD Garden? Find out here: http://on.nba.com/UAR0MV, Avery Bradley's defense has seemingly unearthed an aspect of this Celtics squad that has been missing this season: http://on.nba.com/WvlwXU, Want to sit on the same bench as the players in the 2013 Sprint NBA All-Star Celebrity Game? Enter to win the Sprint Assistant Coach for a Day Sweepstakes and see how Unlimited NBA from Sprint changes everything. No purchase necessary.

Enter: http://bit.ly/12ILw8Y
Enter: http://bit.ly/12ILw8Y, Relive Boston's thrilling victory over Carmelo Antony and the Knicks right here: http://on.nba.com/VLS41q, Celtics vs Knicks tonight in MSG!  It's a big game for both teams, and here's a preview of what to expect: http://on.nba.com/Vy8YAN, The Celtics announced today that they have waived forwards Kris Joseph and Jarvis Varnado. More details here: http://on.nba.com/Uudxeg, The C's trailed by 15 points at halftime tonight but ended up winning by eight. Find out how they turned it around: http://on.nba.com/TSvGEa, The Celtics dominated the Pacers last night, and now they're in Atlanta to take on the Hawks.  Here's a preview of what's to come tonight: http://on.nba.com/VKKTpF, What do you think was the Key Moment of the Celtics' 94-75 win over the Pacers? Doc Rivers probably disagrees with you: http://on.nba.com/WjBSTB, Doc Rivers is going with another starting lineup tonight.  Find out what it is and why Doc is going with it right here: http://bit.ly/110cOIK, The Celtics host the Pacers at 8 p.m. tonight - here's what to expect from a confident Boston squad: http://on.nba.com/UNkCdx, Find out why all emotions are not created equal within this year's Celtics team: http://on.nba.com/UqX6B3, Does Avery Bradley come off of the bench or start tonight in his first game back?  The answer, as well as an explanation why, are right here: http://bit.ly/Ul2F2k, Avery Bradley returns to the lineup tonight against Memphis.  Here's a look into how that may affect the Celtics moving forward: http://on.nba.com/S5sfwF, The Celtics are back in the Garden tonight for the first time in two weeks.  And an important someone is returning to the lineup for the first time this season: http://on.nba.com/WkH0Yb, The Celtics will head to Power Balance Pavilion to take on the Kings tonight in hopes of ending 2012 on a high note: http://on.nba.com/TqXlgw, The Celtics have a tough matchup ahead of them as they look to right the ship against the Warriors tonight: http://on.nba.com/UsV1VY, Fab Melo has been making all sorts of noise with the Red Claws thanks to record-setting and career-best performances: http://on.nba.com/VDZIcd, Kevin Garnett and Rajon Rondo are on pace to make the starting lineup for the 2013 NBA All-Star game. Vote for them, Pierce, Terry and Green today: http://bit.ly/VDP9Wo, The Boston Celtics will begin their first West Coast trip of the season at 10:30 p.m. tonight in Los Angeles, and all they have to do is take on the hottest team in the NBA: http://on.nba.com/12RpakN, Didn't get everything you wanted for the holiday? Give yourself the gift of Green and download the new Boston Celtics mobile app presented by Sprint and follow your team wherever you go. Call **CELTICS or click below to download to your iPhone or Android smartphone., Rajon Rondo spends an early morning shopping for holiday gifts for kids from Dorchester. The All-Star point guard then shows up in a box truck at the Boys & Girls Club to deliver the presents and challenges everyone to a game of Connect 4., There will be nothing but holiday cheer, smiles and happiness on the Barclays Center court when the Boston Celtics (13-13) and Brooklyn Nets (14-13) tip off their third meeting of the season at noon on Christmas Day. Or maybe not: http://on.nba.com/Y8D6mm, What changed for the Celtics' defense Wednesday night?  Doc Rivers tells you here: http://bit.ly/TcMarv, Coming to the Garden tonight? Help the Celtics spread holiday cheer to kids in need as they host a toy drive at tonight's game benefiting the City of Boston Holiday Toy Drive and Toys for Tots.

Bring NEW, UNWRAPPED, NON-VIOLENT toys to the game tonight and be automatically entered to win a Celtics team autographed basketball!, Want to know what to look out for during the Celtics' final home game of 2012?  Find out here: http://on.nba.com/VUvwdc, Stay connected! Download the new Boston Celtics Mobile App, presented by Sprint, by dialing **CELTICS (Star Star 2358427) on your smartphone now. http://on.nba.com/UMYhth, Special Edition adidas Christmas 2012 jerseys are available at the Celtics Store! Wear what the team will be wearing on December 25 vs. the Nets. Get one while you can! http://bit.ly/Tzf2c8, In case you missed it - Paul Pierce served a memo to the league last night, letting everyone know that he's still got it: http://on.nba.com/Ynskxc, Hey Celtics fans! Finish your holiday shopping with the purchase of a 2013 Celtics Dancers swimsuit calendar presented by Alex and Ani! All proceeds benefit the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation.  http://bit.ly/TCshsA, Paul Pierce served a memo on Wednesday night - a memo that's sure to catch the attention of the entire league: http://on.nba.com/Ynskxc, Here’s a reminder to the NBA - Paul Pierce still has it: http://on.nba.com/UeiXxp, Drastic changes tonight for the Celtics' starting lineup?  Doc is heavily considering it.  Find out what those changes might be here: http://bit.ly/UFkY2C, Help the Celtics spread holiday cheer to kids in need as they host a toy drive at the game tonight and December 21st benefitting the City of Boston Holiday Toy Drive and Toys for Tots.

Bring NEW, UNWRAPPED, NON-VIOLENT toys to the game and be automatically entered to win a Celtics team autographed basketball!, The Comcast On Demand Celtics Series "Beyond The Green" takes a look at Jeff Green in Part 2 of a 2 part series called "Have a Heart". 

To watch the entire episode, go to "Get Local", "NBA TV", "Boston Celtics" in the On Demand menu of your Comcast Cable Box., The Boston Celtics will do something today that they haven't done since Jan. 5, 2008.  Find out what it is here: http://on.nba.com/UcVwV1, The Celtics and Bulls meet tonight in Chicago.  Here's what to look out for: http://on.nba.com/UHTf0B, Help the Celtics spread holiday cheer to kids in need as they host a toy drive at the games on December 19th and December 21st benefitting the City of Boston Holiday Toy Drive and Toys for Tots.

Bring NEW, UNWRAPPED, NON-VIOLENT toys to the game and be automatically entered to win a Celtics team autographed basketball!, What must the Celtics do to grab a win tonight in San Antonio?  Find out here: http://on.nba.com/UlKMAD, The Celtics vs James Harden and the Rockets?  Now that sounds like a fun matchup: http://on.nba.com/SWiwp7, Slow Friday morning? What better time to vote your Celtics into the 2013 NBA All-Star Game: http://on.nba.com/Rtmrgh, How have the Celtics been able to shut down their opponents' top players over the past several contests? Find out: http://on.nba.com/12o3Tiq, With familiarity comes consistency, and the Celtics have begun to string together consistently solid performances: http://on.nba.com/Udw52A, Jason Terry has experienced a lot during his NBA career, but tonight's occasion is one of the exceptions: http://on.nba.com/TVb4g3, Dirk isn't playing for the Mavs tonight, so who must the Celtics' defense concentrate on?  Find out here: http://on.nba.com/T8H6TD, Doc Rivers and Bill Belichick.  That's all we need to say about this article: http://on.nba.com/W3V7Tp, Watch Jared Sullinger tell you about his first regular season month in the NBA with this video blog: http://on.nba.com/X6gn9R, Celebrate 12/12/12 with the Celtics! Tickets for the C’s 12th home game this Wednesday vs. the Dallas Mavericks start at less than $12! Inventory is limited, so score your seats today: http://bit.ly/SRyQsz, It's been a tough day for Doc Rivers.  Lots of emotions, lots of travel, and not much rest: http://bit.ly/VqDjzH, The Celtics will have the unique opportunity to get a bounce-back win tonight over a team that beat them less than 24 hours ago: http://on.nba.com/UtUVM3, It’s FREE SHIP WEEKEND at the Celtics Store! Enter code FSW12 at checkout to get FREE ground shipping on any order! Offer ends Sunday at 11:59pm PST. Ship it on us! http://bit.ly/RHOCb0, The Celtics and 76ers will be seeing a lot of each other this weekend.  Their home-and-home tips off tonight, and we preview it here: http://on.nba.com/VC8ltZ, Larry Bird was born 56 years ago today. In honor of his birthday, we've gathered some of the best Larry Legend photos and put them into a gallery for our fans: http://on.nba.com/YJzxJ2, The Celtics are going to take part in a very rare event this weekend.  Find out what it is by clicking here; http://on.nba.com/Vmeogu, With live games and real-time stats, NBA Game Time from Sprint gets everyone closer to the action—even this guy. Download it FREE and stay connected to the Celtics all season with Truly Unlimited data while on the Sprint network.
Download now! http://bit.ly/TLnTEu, What did Doc and the Celtics have to say after last night's game? Read the post-game quotes here: http://on.nba.com/TUk8hm, Kevin Garnett and Kevin Love went head-to-head in Wednesday night's tilt in Boston. Find out which Kevin had the upper hand with the Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/YCTql3, Miss tonight's game against the Timberwolves?  Catch up on all of the action from Boston's win over Minnesota with our exclusive game action gallery: http://on.nba.com/R9qf64, Scouting the Minnesota Timberwolves: http://on.nba.com/VE6UHO, The Celtics will get Rajon Rondo back tonight against the Timberwolves.  Read all about the matchup here: http://on.nba.com/VwmM2C, How great is Kevin Love?  You won't believe the praise that Doc Rivers and Paul Pierce gave him today: http://on.nba.com/11A44Yz, Rajon Rondo spoke with the media today for the first time since his suspension was issued: http://on.nba.com/YwQDtI, Help make the holidays brighter for children in need and donate to the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation. All donations made in the month of December will be used to purchase gifts for children in need.  Donate today and help spread holiday cheer to deserving kids! http://www.celticsfoundation.org/, A suspension and a one-on-one conversation with Doc Rivers have seemingly ignited one of the C's most important guards: http://on.nba.com/YIvdJ0, Saturday night's loss to the Milwaukee Bucks came down to the wire, and several key plays in the final minute ultimately decided the outcome: http://on.nba.com/UidLWt, With the Boston Celtics (9-7) set to take on the Milwaukee Bucks (7-7) tonight in Milwaukee, defending the guard position will be a top priority: http://on.nba.com/Yjooib, Here's a pregame update on Jeff Green and Chris Wilcox's health, as well as interesting news on who will replace Rajon Rondo in tonight's starting lineup: http://bit.ly/TxSkzj, Exclusive Offer: Boston Celtics tickets starting under $15 have just been released for tonight’s game vs. Portland. Score yours while they last. Use the "clubgreen" password to activate the offer., Get this adidas Practice Shot T-Shirt FREE when you spend $70 in the Celtics Store! Enter code PRACTICE at checkout. Offer ends 12/2 @11:59pm PST. Get it now! http://bit.ly/WCDMFp, The Celtics will need to make up for the absence of Rondo as they host the Trail Blazers tonight. Here's what to expect: http://on.nba.com/VaTVx4, The NBA has suspended Rajon Rondo for two games.  Here are more details: http://on.nba.com/UewaDi, Here are all of the quotes from players and coaches after last night's wild game between the Celtics and Nets: http://on.nba.com/V5ppES, The Key Moment of Wednesday Night's loss to the Nets is one that will have ramifications beyond the Celtics' record: http://on.nba.com/V7nmOH, The Celtics have already used the Maine Red Claws to aid the development of Fab Melo and Kris Joseph.  As Doc Rivers said in tonight's pregame, they might use Maine for another player soon: http://bit.ly/YrHIZc, Vote your favorite Celtics players into the NBA All-Star game!  You can do it right here on Facebook with the NBA's new All-Star voting app, presented by Sprint: http://bit.ly/TohdNK, The Celtics lost to the Nets earlier this month in Brooklyn, but tonight's meeting will be very different.  Find out why here: http://on.nba.com/Ve1hnh, The NBA has changed quite a bit over the past 10 years. Why does that give Rajon Rondo more power? We tell you here: http://on.nba.com/TkU52K, Score balcony tickets to tomorrow night's Atlantic Division clash vs. the Brooklyn Nets for under $30! Use the promo code CLUBGREEN: http://bit.ly/QJBn9C, Editor's Note: The Celtics' 2007-08 pace was inaccurately displayed by ESPN and we have updated the following story as a result. http://on.nba.com/SlZqtt, Is there an identity crisis taking place in Boston? http://on.nba.com/10JYgLx, Led by the Big Three of Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce and Rajon Rondo, the Celtics took down the Magic 116-110 in overtime last night: http://on.nba.com/Sl3Mkx, A Cyber Monday deal for Celtics fans! For one day ONLY, pick up the Celtics Full Contact Hoodie in green or black for just $25…a savings of 45%! Use code CMHOOD before midnight PT tonight. Shop now! http://bit.ly/UJE9qA, The Celtics outlasted the Magic in a thrilling 116-110 overtime victory tonight. Relive the action with our exclusive photo gallery: http://on.nba.com/XTj7NU, Two great waves of momentum will collide when the Boston Celtics (7-6) and Orlando Magic (5-7) take each other on at 6 p.m. tonight in the Amway Center: http://on.nba.com/TeutEO, Last night's win over the Oklahoma City Thunder came down to the wire. It's a good thing that Jason Terry is made of ice: http://on.nba.com/R82f2N, The Celtics rolled to a 108-100 victory over the defending Western Conference Champs tonight. Catch up on the action with our exclusive Celtics vs. Thunder photo gallery: http://on.nba.com/R6WD9a, The Thunder aren't just Kevin Durant, as Doc Rivers said during pregame.  Here's why he says this Oklahoma City team is great: http://bit.ly/UjeTvc, Small Business Saturday is tomorrow! It’s a day to celebrate and support the small businesses that boost the economy. Show your support by shopping small. Learn more at ShopSmall.com.
http://bit.ly/PIytMg, Happy Black Friday! Today only - get 20% OFF storewide at the Celtics Store! Use code BF20 at checkout. Offer ends midnight PST tonight! Save now! http://bit.ly/Twy4Pn, Between all of the turkey, pie and good times had by all on Thanksgiving Day, we hope that you left a little room for some great basketball. Two of the NBA’s elite franchises, the Boston Celtics and the Oklahoma City Thunder, will meet at 7:30 p.m. tonight in TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/WGdIs9, Doc Rivers discusses Paul Pierce's ankle injury in this edition of the pregame post ups: http://bit.ly/Y46BtR, The Boston Celtics announced today that they have waived center Darko Milicic: http://on.nba.com/UXhVaB, Molly previews the Boston Celtics matchup against the San Antonio Spurs in today's Celtics Minute: http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/11/21/CelticsMinute112112mov-2300513, The Celtics and Spurs meet tonight in TD Garden, extending the rivalry between Kevin Garnett and Tim Duncan to 16 seasons: http://on.nba.com/WxTCAh, The Boston Celtics and San Antonio Spurs are often overlooked by those on the outside, but they always seem to end up in the championship discussion at the end of the season: http://on.nba.com/TOEpnj, Have you voted today to send all five Celtics to the NBA All-Star Game?  If not, you can do it now right here on Facebook!  Just click this link and then send in your ballot: http://bit.ly/WqskM0, Wondering what the Celtics had to say after their loss last night in Detroit?  Here are the postgame quotes that were collected: http://on.nba.com/S9RvxG, The Celtics are looking for their seventh win of the season as they head to Detroit to take on the floundering Pistons: http://on.nba.com/TLdQ2v, There is nothing that can stop Rajon Rondo at this point of his career. Not any defense. Not any opposing player. Not even a sprained ankle, which is causing some to mention his name alongside the letters MVP: http://on.nba.com/UMwtd2, Rajon Rondo returned to the lineup today and helped the Celtics defeat the Raptors 107-89, but it was one key sequence that helped turn a close game into a blowout: http://on.nba.com/S5GL3m, Will Rajon Rondo play in today's Saturday matinee?  And what does Doc Rivers think of these early weekend games?  All of the answers are in Marc D'Amico's pregame post ups: http://bit.ly/TQ0PXA, The Celtics host the Raptors in a rare Saturday afternoon matinee matchup.  How have the C's fared in such games in the past?  Find out in today's game preview: http://on.nba.com/QkNslo, Catch tomorrow’s matinee on the parquet for less than $25 per ticket! The Celtics host the Toronto Raptors tomorrow at 12:30 p.m. and a limited number of specially priced balcony tickets have just been released exclusively to our loyal Facebook fans. Use the password 'CLUBGREEN' and the link below to purchase now!
http://bit.ly/UJu7eW, Head to the official Celtics Store now and get 20% off ALL Hoodies! Get a great deal on items like the adidas Mix Tape Hoodie by entering code HOOD at checkout. Hurry, deal ends Sunday at 11:59pm PST!  Check it out! >http://bit.ly/PwdEsT, Two plays in the final 35 seconds of Thursday's game in Brooklyn cost the Celtics their fourth straight win: http://on.nba.com/UJL1UY, Vote for your favorite Boston Celtics for the 2013 NBA All-Star Game on Facebook now!
http://bit.ly/TGRtet, Who's ready for tonight's big TNT game between the Celtics and Nets?  Get revved up with this preview of the action: http://on.nba.com/T4S9yM, Jeff Green is a nice guy. It’s just who he is. But between the lines on the NBA hardwood, nice guys finish last. They certainly don’t finish at the rim with loud dunks in traffic. Something had to give, and one dunk may have changed everything., It's no surprise that the Celtics' defense was the deciding factor in Boston's 98-93 victory over the Utah Jazz Wednesday night.  The real surprise was the cast of characters that led the charge: http://on.nba.com/SqERc4, Doc Rivers used "Fab Melo" and "dominant" in the same sentence before tonight's game.  Find out why by clicking here: http://bit.ly/SNf12j, Want to know what tonight's opponent, the Utah Jazz, look like heading into this contest?  We've got you covered with the Scouting Report: http://on.nba.com/QHfeIw, Fab Melo and Kris Joseph have been assigned to the Maine Red Claws.  Click the attached link for more information: http://on.nba.com/QGFZwY, Check out today's game preview, where Marc D'Amico outlines similarities between the Celtics and Jazz and says that we could see Darko Milicic tonight: http://on.nba.com/Up4Noz, Get ready for another exciting season of Celtics On Demand, on XFINITY TV., Want some evidence that proves Doc Rivers' new starting lineup has sparked the Celtics? Here it is: http://on.nba.com/TDoVlY, Exclusive offer just for our loyal Celtics Facebook fans: Balcony tickets start at just $19.35 for tomorrow night's game vs. the Utah Jazz. Use the password  'clubgreen' to activate the special price now! http://bit.ly/SZbaBL, You learn a lot about a team during crunch time of a road game.  Monday's game against the Bulls showed Celtics fans why they should be excited about their team: http://on.nba.com/SINQWz, The Boston Celtics (3-3) are set to take on the Derrick Rose-less Chicago Bulls (4-2) tonight at 8 p.m. Find out what's in store with tonight's game preview: http://on.nba.com/Uk74RO, The Boston Celtics (2-2) host the Philadelphia 76ers (2-2) tonight in TD Garden.  Take an in-depth look at the visiting Sixers in tonight's Scouting Report: http://on.nba.com/YZCbrq, Hey fans! We're offering you Friends & Family savings at the official Celtics Store. FB fans get an exclusive 20% off storewide on items like the adidas Originals Lightweight Full Zip Hoodie. Use code FFCELTICS at checkout. Hurry, deal ends tonight at midnight PT! http://bit.ly/SV7DW4, Take advantage of an offer just for Boston Celtics Facebook fans – get tickets for tomorrow night vs. Philly for just $37! Use this link and enter the code 'CLUBGREEN'., Why did Doc Rivers tell reporters that Jared Sullinger's hands are sticky?  Find out the answer here: http://bit.ly/VTTKF5, Find out what to expect from the Washington Wizards tonight in the latest edition of the Scouting Report: http://on.nba.com/StX2xR, The Celtics and Wizards meet tonight in TD Garden in one of the most unique home-and-homes Doc Rivers has ever been a part of.  Find out his explanation here: http://on.nba.com/VT6oUU, When Kevin Garnett compares you to Kendrick Perkins, you know you're on his good side. Here's a great piece on KG's impressive comparison for Jared Sullinger: http://on.nba.com/UvOUwV, Despite there being extra eyes focused on them, the Celtics had a productive day as they hosted their second open practice of the season: http://on.nba.com/RS14zt, Doc Rivers stresses every day to his players that they must play 48 minutes of a particular type of basketball in order to be successful. That type of play is branded as Celtics Basketball, and its foundation is defense: http://on.nba.com/QiMVjB, Paul Pierce had ice in his veins with the game on the line on Saturday night.  The captain's 27-point effort helped push the Celtics to their first win of the season: http://on.nba.com/RFuv7y, The Celtics will look to bounce back from a tough Friday-night loss as they take on the Washington Wizards tonight at 7 p.m. in our nation's capital.  Get the official scoop in tonight's game preview: http://on.nba.com/SjePHL, Doc Rivers remembers the Celtics fans' send-off during Game 6 of last season's Eastern Conference Finals: http://bit.ly/ShPA8N, Want a chance to win tickets to an upcoming Boston Celtics home game? Make your picks now in Celtics 3-Point Play and you could be our guest at the Garden! http://bit.ly/sqz876, We break down the Milwaukee Bucks with the first installment of Tonight's Opponent: http://on.nba.com/UoTugd, In the first Celtics Minute of the 2012-2013 season, Molly recaps Leandro Barbosa's strong play on Tuesday and previews tonight's home opener: http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/11/02/CelticsMinute11212mov-2274495, Get fired up for another great season of Celtics basketball with this exclusive Facebook Friday offer from the Celtics Store! Enter code ALWAYS at checkout to receive 20% off of the adidas “I Will Always Be a Celtic” t-shirt! Hurry…offer ends tonight at 11:59pm PST! Go Celtics! http://bit.ly/ViCqhj, It's Opening Night in TD Garden!  We tell you why there's no place like home for the Boston Celtics: http://on.nba.com/SgNrKF, You hear Doc Rivers say it during every postseason: “Keep it simple.”

That motto has helped the Boston Celtics to a very successful half-decade of basketball since Kevin Garnett arrived in town back in 2007.

The only thing that was simple on Tuesday night was Miami’s process of putting the ball through the basket, but the C's are taking strides to remedy that situation: http://on.nba.com/UlVaqO, Take advantage of an offer just for Celtics Facebook fans – get tickets for next Wed. vs. Washington for just $14.75! Use this link and the code 'CLUBGREEN' http://bit.ly/ToBzFo, There was one major positive that came out of Boston's loss Tuesday night in Miami: Leandro Barbosa.

It’s not often that the last man added to a roster in October winds up being a critical player on that team, but Barbosa may buck that trend with Boston. He joined the Celtics less than two weeks ago, but his late arrival didn’t prevent him from throwing the Heat into a tailspin Tuesday night: http://on.nba.com/X0rW6V, Want a chance to win tickets to an upcoming Boston Celtics home game? Make your picks NOW in Celtics 3-Point Play: http://bit.ly/sqz876, Click the attached link to find out Boston's starting lineup tonight, as well as details about what they'll be doing during Miami's ring ceremony: http://bit.ly/T2QSpf, They’ve played in preseason games and practiced with the team for months, but Tuesday night will be different. This is Opening Night. Against the champs. In Miami. On TNT. This is the brightest the lights can possibly be until the NBA Finals arrive in June.

You would think that rookies Jared Sullinger, Fab Melo and Kris Joseph would be nervous about Tuesday night.  You would be wrong: http://on.nba.com/XUZBxT, What better way to tip off an NBA season than with a juicy matchup between the Boston Celtics and the Miami Heat? Get the pre-game scoop with tonight's Game Preview on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/V5NnTo, In this practice update, Doc Rivers talks about the Celtics season opener against the Heat and what Boston will do during Miami's ring ceremony.
http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/30/PracticeUpdate103012mov-2268333, Molly McGrath reports from American Airlines Arena where the Celtics practice to prepare for tomorrow's season opener against the Miami Heat. Watch it here: 
http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/29/PracticeUpdate102912mov-2265137, Doc Rivers made a drastic change to his defensive strategies last season.  It sounds like that will continue tomorrow night against the Heat.  Find out more here: http://on.nba.com/XNrbgd, Open practices are usually the antithesis of what NBA coaches want as the regular season approaches. Doc Rivers and the Boston Celtics, however, did nothing but enjoy theirs on Sunday: http://on.nba.com/SPWFhW, One of the hallmarks of the Celtics' offense is setting picks.  Find out more about how they plan on picking their opponents apart this season: http://on.nba.com/Tl2KVV, In this practice update, Jason Terry talks about the difficulties of guarding Rajon Rondo at practice every day, and says that he's ready to take on a real NBA opponent:
http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/26/PracticeUpdate102612mov-2261076, Paul Pierce and the Celtics discuss how they're staying sharp during a lengthy layoff before Opening Night in Miami: http://on.nba.com/TiNpoY, Celtics.com's Molly McGrath caught up with Leandro Barbosa after practice today, and he called playing with the Celtics "a dream come true." 

http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/25/LeandroBarbosaInterviewmov-2259888, Go behind the scenes with the Celtics Dancers at their annual photo shoot: 

http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/24/BehindScenesDancersmov-2258446, Celtics.com gives you five key takeaways from Boston's preseason: http://on.nba.com/T9cvSE, In this postgame wrap up from last night, Jeff Green says 
"[The preseason] was a good start to my comeback..." Watch it here: http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/22/PostgameWrapup102212mov-2255808, Boston Celtics: Big preseason has Jeff Green's confidence running high: http://on.nba.com/WYRoYY, Find out how the Celtics crushed the Nets by 30 points in tonight's Ford Keys to the Game: http://on.nba.com/VbqtW1, The Celtics just announced that they have signed guard Leandro Barbosa.  Celtics.com's Marc D'Amico breaks down the signing here: http://on.nba.com/OMa7VH, The Celtics will visit the Barclays Center for the very first time tonight. Here's our Game Preview for Celtics at Nets: http://on.nba.com/QutFfC, Why did Doc Rivers watch the second half of last night's game from the locker room?  The answer is in this story from Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/V7tSW1, Check out Molly McGrath's postgame wrap up as she covers the story lines of last night's preseason game against the Brooklyn Nets: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksnZTJzecPA&feature=g-upl, Pregame Post Ups - Doc Rivers comments on the team's roster moves and how he sees the roster playing out as Opening Night approaches: http://bit.ly/SZBk3s, Ready for the Celtics to return to TD Garden tonight? Here's the Game Preview for tonight's action against the Brooklyn Nets: http://on.nba.com/R2Q318, The Boston Celtics put on a basketball clinic for kids in Turkey at an NBA Cares Event ... watch it here!!

http://youtu.be/nVgRbjzQgug, The legendary parquet is looking extra glossy for the first Boston Celtics preseason game at TD Garden tomorrow night..., The Celtics and 76ers meet tonight in Philadelphia in a rematch of the Eastern Conference Semifinals.  Here's our Game Preview from Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/V1r2r2, The Boston Celtics face the Knicks in Hartford, CT tonight as preseason play rolls on. Celtics.com has your Game Preview: on.nba.com/P0NAFT, The Celtics touch on several different subjects after Friday's practice, including the idea of Paul Pierce and Jeff Green teaming up on the wing: http://on.nba.com/Ouhn8A, Here's another video on Celtics.com.  Catch up with Dionte Christmas and hear about his experience playing overseas:
http://on.nba.com/SV4Xmo, Head over to Celtics.com to see video from Rajon Rondo's magazine launch party for the Boston Common magazine! Or, here's the direct link to the video: 
http://www.nba.com/celtics/video/2012/10/12/RondoBostonMagazinemov-2245537, Rajon Rondo is gracing the cover of Boston Common magazine!  Check out our Celtics.com video from his launch party this week:
http://on.nba.com/VZhNqA, Darko Milicic is buying into his new, well-defined role with the Boston Celtics: http://on.nba.com/RAkMk0, Doc Rivers dropped the idea of a 'transitional starting lineup' today at practice.  Click the following link to find out exactly what he's talking about: http://on.nba.com/ThkDAX, Just released a batch of $10 seats for both preseason games at TD Garden. Get the first look at the new-look Boston Celtics: http://on.nba.com/QdtaXi, Talented solo performers, groups, instrumentalists and unique performers of all ages are invited to attend Boston Celtics National Anthem auditions on Thursday, October 11th from 12 p.m. - 5 p.m. at the Hard Rock Café in Boston. Auditions will be open call and on a first-come, first-served basis. For more info click here:
http://on.nba.com/VP9j5s, Doc Rivers and Paul Pierce told reporters at Sunday's shootaround that tonight's goal is for the team to improve, not necessarily win: http://on.nba.com/RJqe63, Photo Gallery - Four of Boston's rookies put on a great clinic for a Special Olympics Italy group in downtown Milan: http://on.nba.com/Od810M, After an extremely late night of travel last night, Doc Rivers decided to give his players their first day off.  Here's his explanation as to why he made that decision, as well as some other interesting notes from Saturday.: http://on.nba.com/UKi4bX, Doc Rivers just spoke to the media, and he made it sound like he'll be using some lineups tonight that he hasn't been able to watch in practice: http://bit.ly/Pf6Yiq, Update from Friday's shootaround: Dionte Christmas tells teammates not to underestimate tonight's opponent
http://on.nba.com/QWOQc2, This year’s Fall Ticket Release is now underway! Additional tickets are available for all 2012-13 regular season home games. Don’t miss your chance to be a part of the action and excitement this season at the TD Garden—score your tickets today! http://on.nba.com/WphpiX, Doc Rivers finally allowed the Celtics to run wild at practice.  His players enjoyed that.  Here's a rundown of what happened during the session: http://on.nba.com/RfujwI, We’re giving you more chances to win in the #FeelingLucky Twitter Contest. Follow the clues on @celtics and @MAStateLottery starting at 12:00PM for chances to win four tickets to the Celtics Open Practice this month at the TD Garden and five 2012 Boston Celtics Instant Tickets. Must be 18+ to win. Click here for official rules: http://bit.ly/QAw72p, Today's story from training camp surrounds Jeff Green backing up his comments from this summer: http://on.nba.com/UFu1j7, Hey Celtics fans, after today's practice, Jared Sullinger took some time to sit down and talk to you!  Want to see what he had to say?  Check out the first installment of his video blog from Istanbul: http://on.nba.com/PPe1Ku, The Boston Celtics are looking for the best talent in New England to perform the National Anthem on the famed parquet floor before home games throughout the 2012-13 season. Talented solo performers, groups, instrumentalists, and unique performers of all ages are invited to attend auditions on Thursday, October 11 from 12 p.m. - 5 p.m. at the Hard Rock Café in Boston. Auditions will be open call and on a first-come, first-served basis. All auditions will be acapella, and there will be no accompaniments. For full info click here: http://on.nba.com/VucLke, The Celtics took a long, 11-hour journey to Istanbul, but that didn't stop them from heading onto the practice court just hours after touching down in Turkey.  Here's why Doc Rivers chose to hold the practice: http://on.nba.com/Sm5rrK, Celtics fans, tune into @celtics and @MAStateLottery on Twitter today through Friday, October 5 starting at 11:00AM for chances to win four tickets to the Celtics Open Practice this month at the TD Garden and five 2012 Boston Celtics Instant Tickets in the #FeelingLucky Twitter Contest. Must be 18+ to win. Click here for official rules: http://bit.ly/QAw72p, Here's an impromptu team photo, courtesy of The Truth's Twitter feed, as the team prepares to depart Boston for Istanbul., The Fall Release of additional 2012-13 tickets will take place on October 4. An exclusive presale for Celtics Beat subscribers will take place on October 3, sign up today for FREE access:
http://bit.ly/drive18fb, The Celtics are taking off for Europe today, but they spoke to the media one last time before heading to the airport.  Here's what they said about the trip (video): http://on.nba.com/PHqVKq, Doc Rivers wants the Celtics to run, and with Courtney Lee, Jason Terry and Jeff Green now on board, it looks like it's going to happen: http://on.nba.com/P4Figa, Thanks in large part to Rajon Rondo's leadership over the summer, the Celtics began training camp today ahead of the curve: http://on.nba.com/QC6VeY, Still to come - KG, The Truth and more of your favorite Celtics players. Tweet your questions with the #CelticsTalk tag and visit Celtics.com to watch live., We're LIVE! Visit Celtics.com now for live streaming from Media Day. Marc and Molly are interviewing Jeff Green now to kick off the day. Tweet us with the hashtag #CelticsTalk to ask questions., Fans, Comcast SportsNet New England goes hunting for Big Games in 2012-13. Get pumped for a full slate of Celtics basketball including matchups against the Heat, Lakers, Bulls, Thunder, Spurs and more., We've just published another edition of A Look at the Legends, and this one is all about the man who built the Boston Celtics into a powerhouse organization: Red Auerbach.
http://on.nba.com/OXTou4, Cyber Monday is coming early this year at the Celtics Store! Today only, get 20% OFF with code CYBERSEPT at checkout. Save on items like the Jason Terry Game Time T-Shirt! Deal ends midnight PT tonight. Shop now! http://bit.ly/PXV76I, The Celtics announced today that they have added Jay Larranaga to their coaching staff as an assistant coach.  More info here: http://on.nba.com/Qn1ctg, While Rajon Rondo is in the headlines for his GQ internship, we figure it's perfect timing to give an outlook on the Celtics' point guard situation. Read it here on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/UjpnHj, Rajon Rondo talks to the Today Show about his internship at GQ Magazine., Danny Ainge made a dream come true for the Celtics' new "Secret Scout” Scottie, giving him a behind the scenes tour in Waltham and reviewing this year's roster moves and draft picks., Tee Off with the C's! Bid now on this exclusive opportunity to golf alongside Celtics players, coaches, Legends and many others at the 5th Annual USI Shamrock Classic Golf Tournament benefitting the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation. To be part of this special day, place your bid now at www.celtics.com/auction!, Today is the day we’ve all been waiting for! Regular Season tickets are on sale NOW. Purchase your tickets and start looking forward to live Celtics basketball! Get your tickets here: http://on.nba.com/RULDcN, Be there live for Celtics basketball this season! Today is your last chance to get your Celtics tickets before the general public! Join Celtics Beat now for free and secure access to today’s 3 p.m. presale. Register at Celtics.com/beat., Check out the brand new player locker signs before they're even hung up at TD Garden: http://instagram.com/p/PegNrzGwS2/, Why will the Celtics be much improved at scoring in the paint next season?  Marc D'Amico has the answers right here: http://on.nba.com/QDmeUc, The Celtics Beat presale is at 3 p.m. on Wednesday.  Join for free today and you’ll have access to purchase tickets before the general public!  Register now by clicking here: http://on.nba.com/TC5X4v, Individual game tickets go on sale next week—want presale access? Join Club Green today to secure your seats before anyone else! Members also have exclusive access to Mini Plans, Family Packs, special ticket offers and more! http://on.nba.com/TwfwQY, Celtics Legend Don Nelson enters the Basketball Hall of Fame tonight!  Here's a refresher on his impressive career with the Celtics: http://on.nba.com/TvKHMl, When you think about potential NBA MVPs for next season, you've got to start considering Rajon Rondo:  on.nba.com/RwGO9z, Attention Celtics fans! Don’t have tickets to the season opener? You are in luck. Enter the Sprint NBA Inside Shot Sweepstakes today for a chance to win 2 tickets: http://bit.ly/OFAM46

No purchase necessary. Rules: http://bit.ly/PlzBty, Learn all about the Hall of Fame career of Frank Ramsey with this edition of A Look at the Legends: http://on.nba.com/NykCqg, Happy 78th birthday to Hall of Famer and Boston Celtics legend, Tommy Heinsohn., Molly McGrath sits down with Jeff Green as he opens up about his life-changing heart surgery and desire to prove himself this season. Check out this exclusive interview!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZiUjTBXEAA&feature=g-upl, Finally, Jeff Green has come back to Boston. 

Celtics.com has more on him re-signing with the C's.
http://on.nba.com/MNsFUx, Support The Jimmy Fund Radio-Telethon and strike out cancer! Call 877-738-1234, or text KCANCER to 20222 to make a $10 gift today! 
bit.ly/PCuYYh, Want to see more photos of Jared Sullinger and Fab Melo?  Here's a gallery from today's NBA Rookies Photo Shoot: http://on.nba.com/NiMoHj, New Boston Celtics Jared Sullinger and Fab Melo pose at the NBA Rookie Photo Shoot today. instagram.com/p/OmpfnVmwc3/, A Look at the Legends is back, and it has returned with Larry Legend.  Learn everything there is to know about Celtics Legend Larry Bird right here: http://on.nba.com/NYhsyn, Get ready for another great season with this exclusive offer from the official Celtics Store…enter code VIBE at checkout to receive $30 off the adidas Vibe Jacket. Offer ends @11:59pm PST 8/22. Save now! http://bit.ly/Ot8jOK, Jason Terry is dedicated.
instagram.com/p/OcYP9KGweB/
#iamaceltic, Celtics.com's Molly McGrath bumped into Jason Terry after one of his offseason workouts and he opened up about next season and showed off his new Celtics-themed tattoo!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4z2MYNP1Oc&feature=g-upl, Last call: Support the Shamrock Foundation at the exclusive Summer Soiree TONIGHT at the Boston Children’s Museum: http://bit.ly/Lc30iX, The Celtics' 2012 preseason schedule has been released.  Check out the full eight-game slate at the following link: http://on.nba.com/O7p2cZ, Happy 84th Birthday to the Houdini of the Hardwood, Boston Celtics legend Bob Cousy.
http://on.nba.com/sXYpMQ, Are you hooked on Pinterest? Check out the Boston Celtics official Pinterest page and pin your favorite players, legends, jerseys, gear and more! 
http://bit.ly/AD5nxr, Know a young Boston Celtics fan who wants to dance on the parquet? Lil' Phunk auditions for kids age 6-14 coming on Aug. 11-12: on.nba.com/O3dAiE, Tuesday Trivia: Can you name this Celtic?, Join the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation for an exclusive Summer Soiree on August 9 at The Boston Children’s Museum. Celtics Legends and Celtics celebrities will be on hand to mingle during an evening of cocktails, food, raffles, auctions and entertainment. All proceeds benefit the Shamrock Foundation. http://bit.ly/M6mvLl, "I love what Danny's been able to do." The exclusive Paul Pierce video interview is now up on Celtics.com: on.nba.com/oOiJmt, It's been a busy offseason - Celtics roster rounds out with recent signings: on.nba.com/Rf4N9u, 2012-13 Mini Plans go on sale tomorrow at 11 a.m. exclusively to Club Green members! Join today for access to mini plans as well as ticket offers and benefits all season long!, Lots of roster moves by the Celtics today!  The team announced that they've re-signed Keyon Dooling and added Jason Collins, Dionte Christmas and Jamar Smith.  Click here for more info: http://on.nba.com/OkqEvP, The 2012-13 schedule is out, and Celtics.com has already broken it down for you.  It all opens up on Oct. 30 in Miami.  Here's what else we found: http://on.nba.com/LSSPQs, Join the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation for an exclusive Summer Soiree on August 9 at The Boston Children’s Museum. Celtics Legends and Celtics celebrities will be on hand to mingle during an evening of cocktails, food, raffles, auctions and entertainment. All proceeds benefit the Shamrock Foundation. http://bit.ly/M6mvLl, Celtics fall to Clippers in NBA Summer League finale, 92-77., Summer Celtics Edged By Bucks in Vegas, 88-87: on.nba.com/QmFBlt #NBASummerLeague, Celtics Acquire Courtney Lee: http://on.nba.com/LDaosC #iamaceltic, Shorthanded Summer C's Fall vs. Kings in Vegas, 91-82: http://on.nba.com/O1ismj, Jason Terry is a Celtic! Celebrate his arrival by ordering his new adidas Name and Number T-shirt at the Celtics Store! Get it now and welcome him to Boston! http://bit.ly/Lt0BQU, Miss last night's Summer League game? Celtics.com has all the details as the C's knocked off the Bulls: http://on.nba.com/LXxZ8H, After a long wait, the news is finally official: Jason Terry is a member of the Boston Celtics. Here's the official press release - http://on.nba.com/Q6z7al, 2012-13 Mini Plans will go on sale in August! Join Club Green today for the exclusive opportunity to purchase, as well as access to special ticket offers, presales and more: http://bit.ly/Nw3baq, Join the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation for an exclusive Summer Soiree on August 9 at The Boston Children’s Museum. Celtics legends and Celtics celebrities will be on hand to mingle during an evening of cocktails, food, raffles, auctions and entertainment. All proceeds benefit the Shamrock Foundation. http://bit.ly/M6mvLl, Celtics ground Hawks for first win in Vegas. Celtics.com has more: on.nba.com/NxrS83 #NBASummerLeague, Chris Wilcox opens up to Celtics.com's Molly McGrath about his life-threatening heart condition and his hopes for next season. 
http://youtu.be/hl0Uwq6WUzQ, Meet the new Celtics free agent acquisitions! Live video feed from today's presser in Waltham courtesy of Comcast SportsNet New England is underway: bit.ly/MoLs9j #iamaceltic, Meet the 2012-2013 Celtics Dancers!

http://youtu.be/p1beIk6iCFM, The Celtics completed a week-long stay in Orlando, which means we've had a great opportunity to check out Boston's top youngsters.  Here's some analysis of those players' week of play: http://on.nba.com/MpLees, The Celtics finish atop the Orlando Pro Summer League with a 4-1 record after crushing the Magic Friday morning.  Here's your game recap of the action: http://on.nba.com/Llqkzt, Congratulations, ladies!, Summer League Sidebar: Joseph's game better suited for NBA play., Join the Boston Celtics Shamrock Foundation for an exclusive Summer Soiree on August 9 at The Boston Children’s Museum. Celtics legends and Celtics celebrities will be on hand to mingle during an evening of cocktails, food, raffles, auctions and entertainment. All proceeds benefit the Shamrock Foundation., Jared Sullinger and E'Twaun Moore did it again, leading the Celtics to their third straight win in Orlando: http://on.nba.com/M3ct0e, Jared Sullinger overcame the jitters in his pro debut and dominated the Oklahoma City Thunder. Here's a feature on his performance: http://on.nba.com/LK8iUf, Game Recap: Celtics Open Orlando Pro Summer League with a Win over OKC Thunder as Sullinger, Moore star for Boston, Check out this special offer from the Celtics Store…save $30 on this cool adidas Rajon Rondo Vibe Jersey. Perfect for your Celtics jersey collection! Enter code VIBE at checkout to receive discount. Offer ends 7/15 @ 11:59 PM PST!   http://bit.ly/LsPVDc, Celtics Summer League play starts at 1pm EST in Orlando today. Games are closed to the public, but you can stream the action live for only $14.99 on NBA.com or watch live on NBA TV: http://bit.ly/NkhAs4, The Boston Celtics have signed their 2012 draft picks Jared Sullinger, Fab Melo and Kris Joseph: http://on.nba.com/OiS8ED #iamaceltic, Can you name this Celtic?, Check out this photo gallery of the Celtics introducing their 2012 draft picks: http://on.nba.com/LTaT2I, The Celtics introduced their three draft picks, Jared Sullinger, Fab Melo and Kris Joseph, today. As we learned, the bond between Syracuse teammates Melo and Joseph runs deep: http://on.nba.com/P1uHlJ, Club Green memberships for the 2012-2013 season are on sale now! Gain exclusive access to ticket presales, special offers and more. Membership starts at just $49: http://bit.ly/LmajWr, There has been plenty of chatter about Jared Sullinger's back, but for the Celtics, the reward of drafting him outweighed the risk: http://on.nba.com/N37Sut, Celtics.com feature - Celtics Place Large Orders on Draft Night: http://on.nba.com/LEXSrD, The Celtics selected Jared Sullinger, Fab Melo and Kris Joseph in the 2012 NBA Draft.  Here's the official press release: http://on.nba.com/MWyRrj, Watch Comcast SportsNet at 8:30pm for coverage of the NBA Draft LIVE from Celtics Headquarters at TD Garden!

Mike Gorman, Tommy Heinsohn, Gary Tanguay, Donny Marshall, Greg Dickerson, A. Sherrod Blakely and others break down all the moves made tonight by the Celtics., Boston Celtics legend Robert Parish finally got his due at the Sports Museum of New England's "The Tradition" event Wednesday night at TD Garden: on.nba.com/MDzVhy, Danny Ainge on Wednesday morning gave his final public comments before Thursday's NBA Draft.  As is pointed out in this Celtics.com feature, he left his options open: http://on.nba.com/LRa0Uq, Mickael Pietrus says he wants to come back to Boston next year, and says he hopes to return with KG too: on.nba.com/MqaJyR, The Celtics snagged Avery Bradley with the 19th pick in the 2010 draft after an ankle injury made his stock dip.  Which players could slip in the draft this year?  Here's a look at some prospects: http://on.nba.com/KBECqK, The 2012 NBA Draft is just days away, don’t miss your chance to win four (4) lower level tickets to the 2012-13 home opener, access to the Celtics Draft Party on June 28, or a Celtics gift pack! Enter the Boston Celtics Draft Sweepstakes today: http://on.nba.com/KpMjQy, Get ready for the NBA Draft with this exclusive offer from the Celtics Store! Get $25 off the adidas On-Court Long Sleeve Shooting Shirt by entering the code FANS at checkout. Wear what the players wear and save over 35%! Offer ends 6/24 @ 11:59pm PST. Get it now! 
http://bit.ly/KU0f75, Want tickets to the Celtics 2012-13 home opener? Enter the Boston Celtics Draft Sweepstakes for a chance to win four (4) lower level tickets, access to the Celtics Draft Party on June 28, or a Celtics gift pack! Register now: http://on.nba.com/KpMjQy, Find out what Danny Ainge thinks about Kevin Garnett's future at the following link: http://on.nba.com/M9wmkz, The Celtics announced today that their longtime trainer, Ed Lacerte, was selected as the Joe O’Toole Athletic Trainer of the Year.  Congrats, Eddie! http://on.nba.com/N9LtZq, Need an afternoon laugh? Rajon Rondo made an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live Tuesday night before Game 4 of the NBA Finals., Celtics.com takes a look at the team's draft needs as the 2012 NBA Draft rapidly approaches: http://on.nba.com/Miih5I, null, Pass the Mic! Our friends at Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston are hosting old-school rappers Kid ‘N Play and Rob Base this Saturday at 7 PM at The Strand Theatre. Tickets are $15: http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/243037, The Boston Celtics announced today that Ray Allen and Mickael Pietrus underwent successful surgeries.  Here's the official press release: http://on.nba.com/NgAaUW, From all of us at the Boston Celtics, thank you to the best fans in all of professional sports for an amazing 2011-12 season at TD Garden., The Celtics' future is bright despite a somber night in Miami
http://on.nba.com/KsG7sf, End of an era? Amazing run halts in Miami as the Celtics fall in Game 7: 
http://on.nba.com/LGEyJm, Celtics legend and 1981 NBA Finals MVP Cedric Maxwell shares some playoff war stories with Rajon Rondo prior to tip-off of Eastern Conference Finals Game 7 in Miami.

http://instagr.am/p/Lq-wj2GwSL/, In this Practice Update, Molly reports from the Celtics morning shootaround before Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Finals against the Miami Heat.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4XZhTM6oc0&feature=g-upl, Overwhelmed by LeBron in Game 6, Celtics Face Game 7 in Miami: http://on.nba.com/NSJnPI, Celtics.com: After dropping Game 6 at home, the Celtics must respond the way Miami did after losing on their own home court.
http://on.nba.com/Mhiwgu, KG gets in the zone before Game 6 vs. Miami. Follow the action on Celtics.com GameTime Live or use the #celticschat hashtag to join the conversation around tonight's game.
http://instagr.am/p/Ll7ME2GwZm/, Word on the street is that Chris Bosh may start for the Heat during tonight's Game 6.  How does that affect the Celtics?  Doc tells you the answer right here: http://bit.ly/LBCYGC, Here's how you can get prepped for tonight's Game 6 - the Arbella Game Preview from Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/LoptxA, In this Celtics Minute, Molly talks about the importance of limiting Miami in transition in Game 6 tonight.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUhyTvRy0Wo&feature=g-upl, In this Celtics Minute, Molly recaps the Celtics pivotal Game 5 victory in Miami, Rajon Rondo’s historic night, and the big plays that sealed the win.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ2kfx3SHgk&feature=g-upl, More Game 5 Coverage - KG Finishes Strong in Game 5 Upset Win: http://on.nba.com/KO0QcW, The Celtics beat the Heat in Game 5, 94-90, and now lead the Eastern Conference Finals, 3-2. 

Paul Pierce's 3 in LeBron James' grill was a backbreaker: http://instagr.am/p/LhLwAhGwcJ/, Doc Rivers' expectations for Chris Bosh's possible return tonight are quite interesting.  Find out what the head coach thinks he'll see in the Ford Pregame Post Ups: http://bit.ly/MfsOtT, In this Arbella Game Preview, Molly and Marc preview game 5 of the Eastern Conference Finals between the Celtics and the Heat.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5tq3doT660&feature=g-upl, New on Celtics.com: Team focused as tonight's pivotal Game 5 in Miami looms large
http://on.nba.com/Lvp3lh, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews Game 5 between the Celtics and the Heat, and explains why history is on Boston's side for this game.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgdW4UxaABE&feature=g-upl, Get ready for Game 5 with more great offers from the Celtics Store! Save up to 65% on t-shirts, hoodies, jackets and jerseys from our playoff sale section! Save now. http://bit.ly/KyRXF4, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about the Celtics strong offense in last night's game 4 victory over Miami.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yd4mTt8oWLc&feature=g-upl, Celtics.com: Game 4 vs. Miami - Strategies Evolve as C’s Even Series 
http://on.nba.com/LfnCp9, Ray Allen is finding his touch again as his ankle slowly gets better, and the Celtics are now even with the Heat in the Conference Finals.
http://on.nba.com/KvGvKu, The Celtics defeat the Heat in OT in Game 4, 93-91. The Eastern Conference Finals are tied at 2-2. Catch live post game video reaction from both teams on Celtics.com right now: http://on.nba.com/celticslive, Can the Celtics grab a win in Game 4 and make it a best of 3? You know who knows the best - Tommy, Mike, Gary, Donny, Scal, Greg and Sherrod. Watch Comcast SportsNet's Celtics Pre-Game Live tonight. Coverage is live now only on Comcast SportsNet., Does Doc Rivers expect the Heat to alter their defensive strategies in Game 4?  Find out the answer in the Ford Pregame Post Ups: http://bit.ly/K6Xwqg, In this game preview, Molly videochats with Marc J. Spears, NBA Writer for Yahoo! Sports, about Game 4 between the Celtics and the Heat.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvoWqoUiKao&feature=g-upl, When Kevin Garnett wasn't doing knuckle push-ups on the TD Garden parquet, he was carrying his team to victory in Game 3 over Miami: 
http://on.nba.com/KoHPi5, Have you seen Marquis Daniels flexing on the sideline during the playoffs?  Well, he was flexing on the court during Game 3: http://on.nba.com/LRdkwC, The Celtics beat the Heat 101-91 in Game 3, and live video press conference coverage on Celtics.com is underway now: http://on.nba.com/celticslive, KG bangs out some pushups after a hard foul sends him to the floor. Celtics lead Game 3 at the half, 55-42:
http://instagr.am/p/LWn5ccmwRH/, It's game time at TD Garden for Celtics/Heat Game 3. Log on to Celtics.com GameTime Live to follow the action or tweet with the #celticschat hashtag to join the conversation!, Many people believe the Celtics gave their best shot during Game 2 and still lost.  One person - one very important person - disagrees.  Find out who it is and why with the Ford Pregame Post Ups: http://bit.ly/L5vf1h, Rondo came up big in Game 2. The Celtics need to come up bigger in Game 3. Tip-off your game day with Celtics Pregame Live on Comcast SportsNet New England at 7:30. Mike, Tommy, Scal, Gary, Donny, Sherrod and Gary break it all down. Return after the game for Celtics Post-game Live., Doc Rivers says his team is confident heading into tonight's Game 3.  Find out more about tonight's pivotal contest with the Arbella Game Preview: http://on.nba.com/KxSrK2, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's game 3 against the Miami Heat., Back at the Garden for Game 3! Save 30% on all jerseys at the Celtics Store as KG, Rondo, Ray and "The Truth" battle the Heat in the Eastern Conference Finals! Save now > http://bit.ly/JRzeVS, The Boston Celtics and Arbella Insurance want you and 17 of your friends to enjoy a suite at the Garden to see a round 3 playoff game! Simply “like” Arbella Insurance on Facebook and follow the instructions to enter the Arbella 2012 Playoff Sweepstakes. Arbella Insurance – Here for Celtics Fans, Here for Good. http://a.pgtb.me/cN19, Game 2 Loss Negates Rondo's Epic Effort: http://on.nba.com/JBlIEy, Will Ray Allen play in Game 2? And will the Celtics use zone against the Heat? Find out in the Ford Post Ups Notebook: bit.ly/KJxFGn, In this Arbella Game Preview, Molly previews the Celtics Game 2 against the Heat with ESPN Boston's Chris Forsberg., Does the tide turn green tonight in the Celtics-Heat series? Find out from Tommy, Mike, Gary, Donny, Scal, Greg and Sherrod. A one-hour Celtics Pregame Live begins at 7:30 only on Comcast SportsNet. Visit Facebook.com/csnne for Sherrod Blakely's preview., In today's Celtics Minute, Molly reports from American Airlines Arena in Miami where Ray Allen practiced his shooting and the team prepared for tonight's game 2 against the Heat., Game 2 is just about six hours away!  Here's a rundown of what the Celtics need to do tonight to even the series up at 1-1: http://on.nba.com/JNoJCY, Eastern Conference Finals Game 4 vs. Miami - new tickets just released. Tip-off is at 8:30 p.m. this Sunday, June 3. Score tickets now while they last:
http://bit.ly/L5F8yr, The Celtics spoke to the media on Tuesday and their message was clear: their collective physicality must increase in Game 2 - http://on.nba.com/KrXEDn, Everyone knows that LeBron James and Dwyane Wade are a lot to handle, but in Game 1, their supporting cast made the Celtics pay: http://on.nba.com/KZziyw, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps the Celtics Game 1 loss to the Heat., The Boston Celtics and Arbella Insurance want you and 17 of your friends to enjoy a suite at the Garden to see a round 3 playoff game! Simply “like” Arbella Insurance on Facebook and follow the instructions to enter the Arbella 2012 Playoff Sweepstakes. Arbella Insurance – Here for Celtics Fans, Here for Good. http://a.pgtb.me/cN19., Celtics.com: Boston Celtics struggle with anemic offense in Eastern Conference Finals Game 1 vs. Heat
http://on.nba.com/MUDW4J, Want to win tix to Game 3 vs. Miami? Play our Facebook game 3-Point Play right now and you could be at the Garden live to see the Celtics battle the Heat in the Eastern Conference Finals! 
http://bit.ly/sqz876, More on the Celtics' Saturday win over the Sixers - Ailing Allen Rises Up in Game 7: on.nba.com/KvdDPm, The Celtics grinded out their eighth win of the postseason last night, advancing to the Eastern Conference Finals.  As we say in this feature, it may not always pretty, but this team gets the job done: http://on.nba.com/Kd9q4x, Eastern Conference Finals tickets vs. Miami Heat are on sale now on Celtics.com: on.nba.com/LugYwo, Rajon Rondo rescued the C's with late heroics and his 9th career playoff triple-double. The Boston Celtics are heading for the Eastern Conference Finals against the Miami Heat: on.nba.com/KMNKaP, BEAT THE HEAT! The Celtics are going to the Eastern Conference Finals! Take advantage of discounted expedited shipping rates on all BEAT THE HEAT and I AM NOT SOUTH BEACH adidas tees during the series! The discount will be applied at checkout. Go Celtics! http://bit.ly/K1WZKP, The crowd is filing in at TD Garden for tonight's Game 7! Find out who Doc Rivers just talked about during his pregame media availability.  Here's a clue: he makes a LOT of 3s. http://bit.ly/MPXXtj, Want to win tickets to tonight's game? Follow the Boston Celtics on Twitter, then tweet us a picture of yourself in your Celtics gear, using the #iamaceltic hashtag. We'll pick a lucky winner by 5:30 p.m EST. Go!
http://bit.ly/K2irz9, In this Arbella Game Preview, Molly videochats with WEEI's Paul Flannery as they preview game 7., Avery Bradley's season ended on Friday when he underwent left shoulder surgery.  Here's a feature on Bradley's impressive defense, and why the Celtics made the right decision of ending his season: http://on.nba.com/KpQ1Mk, The playoffs are on the line Saturday night as the Celtics meet the Sixers at TD Garden in Game 7. Doc, Pierce and Allen weigh in on Celtics.com:
http://on.nba.com/JZAWUO, Get ready for GAME 7 with this special 2 for $30 offer from the official Celtics store! Double up and save big on great T-shirt styles! Go Celtics! http://bit.ly/KGJzNv
, In today's Celtics Minute, Rondo and KG talk about the team's confidence despite Boston's game 6 loss to the 76ers., Game 7 is coming to TD Garden on Saturday!  Individual tickets for the game go on sale in less than a half hour.  Head to the following link at 11 a.m. to secure your seats: http://on.nba.com/Kkhq23, A limited number of tickets for Game 7 will go on sale at 11 a.m. Thursday morning.  Here's all of the information you need to secure your seats: http://on.nba.com/LrxzAo, What's the latest on pesky injuries to Bradley & Allen? Find out who's in and who's out for Game 6 in the Ford Postups Notebook: http://t.co/L1VPqJhA, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly reports from Philadelphia after the Celtics' morning shootaround, as they prepare for game 6 against the 76ers., Here's an update from today's shootaround regarding Avery Bradley's status and Keyon Dooling's leadership: http://on.nba.com/Jdon2g, Are you ready for Game 6?  The Celtics can advance to the Conference Finals with a win tonight in Philadelphia.  Here's a preview of the action: http://on.nba.com/KyBgTT, The Celtics rolled over the Sixers in Game 5.  Here's a story about how they did it and what it means heading into Game 6 tomorrow night: http://on.nba.com/KHIhaT, Brandon Bass delivers big in Game 5 as Celtics take a 3-2 series edge over Sixers:
on.nba.com/KusoRn, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps Brandon Bass' performance in last night's win and KG talks about TD Garden's home crowd., Did you know that Sprint is now the official wireless partner of the Boston Celtics? With truly Unlimited data from Sprint, you can catch watch your favorite team play live all season long. bit.ly/odcfWv, Game 5 started out slow for the Celtics, but things picked up in the second half of a blowout win. What sparked the turnaround? Doc Rivers and Brandon Bass tell you here: 
http://on.nba.com/KHIhaT, Brandon Bass bounces back and delivers in Game 5 as Celtics take a 3-2 series edge over Sixers:
on.nba.com/KusoRn, The Celtics blow out the Sixers in Game 5 at the Garden, 101-85, and now lead the series 3-2. Brandon Bass (27 points) will take the post game press conference podium shortly. Catch it live on Celtics.com:

http://on.nba.com/celticslive, The Celtics take a huge blow to their starting lineup for tonight's Game 5.  Here's the scoop on who's out of the lineup... and who's in: http://bit.ly/Lfcooy, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly discusses Avery Bradley's shoulder injury and whether or not he will play tonight., Tonight's Game 5 is a critical one for the Celtics.  Doc Rivers and Kevin Garnett said as much, and you can read all about it in today's Arbella Game Preview: http://on.nba.com/JzjOoa, More from Sunday's practice: C's Believe They Know Formula to Success: on.nba.com/Krx1vu, Sunday practice update: Avery Bradley's left shoulder continues to be a problem in the postseason. We understand if you don't "Like" this update: on.nba.com/KotVZf, Join us on Celtics.com for GameTime Live coverage of Game 4 in Philadelphia, or use the #celticschat hashtag to join the conversation.
http://www.celtics.com, In this Arbella Game Preview, Molly previews tonight's game 4 against Philadelphia with WEEI's Mike Petraglia., In today's Celtics Minute, Molly reports from the Celtics pregame shootaround as they prepare for game 4 against the 76ers., What do the Celtics need to do to grab a 3-1 series lead tonight in Philly?  The Arbella Game Preview has the answers:
http://on.nba.com/KfTNGO, Did you know that Sprint is now the official wireless partner of the Boston Celtics? With truly Unlimited data from Sprint, you can catch watch your favorite team play live all season long. bit.ly/odcfWv, In today's Celtics Minute, the Celtics take Thursday off after a game 3 win over the 76ers, and talked to the media before studying game film., How did the Celtics turn in a blowout victory over the 76ers last night in Philly?  The simple answer, highlighted by this feature, is that a trio of stars delivered the goods: http://on.nba.com/KhgB6S, The Boston Celtics and Arbella Insurance want you and 17 of your friends to enjoy a suite at the Garden to see a round 2 playoff game! Simply “like” Arbella Insurance on Facebook and follow the instructions to enter the Arbella 2012 Playoff Sweepstakes. Arbella Insurance – Here for Celtics Fans, Here for Good. http://a.pgtb.me/cN19, Two nasty dunks from Paul Pierce got the Boston Celtics fired up in Game 3, as they took a 2-1 series lead in Philly Wednesday night. 
http://on.nba.com/Kf0J6o, The Celtics blow out the Sixers in Game 3, 107-91 and now lead the Eastern Conference Semifinals series, 2-1. Live Game 3 press conference coverage on Celtics.com is underway: http://on.nba.com/celticslive 

Doc Rivers due to the podium shortly., In this Arbella Game Preview, Molly previews tonight's game 3 against the 76ers with WEEI's Sean Grande., In this practice update, presented by Sun Life Financial, Molly reports from Philadelphia where the Celtics are preparing for tonight's game against the 76ers., Get ready for Game 3 tonight and take advantage of this exclusive offer from the Celtics Store! Save 20% on the Sportiqe Comfy Motor Co. T-shirt by entering code WIN at checkout. Offer ends 5/16 @11:59pm PST. 
Get it now! > http://bit.ly/KHWdzB
, Tickets to Game 5 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals just went on sale.  Grab yours now at the attached link! http://on.nba.com/J9WNId, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps last night's game 2 loss against the 76ers and explains why the Celtics couldn't pull it together down the stretch., New England Baptist Hospital wants to make sure you are there to see the Celtics power through the Playoffs.  Enter today for your chance to win a pair of tickets to a Celtics Playoff Game courtesy of New England Baptist Hospital, the Official Hospital of the Boston Celtics. http://on.nba.com/KJKZb7, The Celtics and Sixers are tied at 1-1 after Game 2, as mounting injuries are hurting the cause.
http://on.nba.com/ITymLh, The Celtics fall to the Sixers 82-81 in Game 2. Full postgame press conference live video coverage is available on Celtics.com right now: http://on.nba.com/celticslive, It's Game 2 at TD Garden and it starts now! Join us on Celtics.com for GameTime Live coverage and use the Twitter hashtag #celticschat to join the conversation., How did Doc Rivers call Doug Collins' bluff before tonight's Game 2?  Find out here: http://bit.ly/KX6RzM, Molly videochats with Mike Petraglia about tonight's game against Philly., Game day ticket drop! We've just released the last group of tickets for tonight's Game 2 vs. Philly, and only a few tickets remain. Don't miss your chance to catch playoff action live at TD Garden.
http://bit.ly/JeVbM4, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly looks at Rajon Rondo and Kevin Garnett's stellar performances on Saturday in preparation for Game 2 against the 76ers., Game 2 between the Celtics and 76ers tips off in about seven hours in TD Garden!  Get ready for the action with today's Arbella Game Preview: http://on.nba.com/J4yf3f, Thinking about auditioning for the Celtics Dancers this summer? Check out the 2012 audition workshop on May 20: on.nba.com/L26sls, KG and Rondo teamed up to lead the Celtics to a critical Game 1 victory over the Sixers in the Eastern Conference Seminfinals at TD Garden Saturday night.
http://on.nba.com/Kj7cRW, The Celtics beat the Sixers in Game 1, 92-91. Join us now for LIVE video from the postgame press conferences on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/celticslive
, Game 2 is underway at TD Garden. Join us on Celtics.com GameTime Live or tweet us with the #celticschat hashtag to join the conversation!, Doc Rivers and Doug Collins just gave their first pregame comments of the series.  Here's what they had to say: http://bit.ly/M7Md4U, In this game preview, presented by Arbella Insurance, Molly videochats with WCVB-TV's Mike Dowling about game 1 against the 76ers., The last batch of tickets were just dropped for Game 1 vs. Philly. Don't miss your chance to see the Celtics at TD Garden tonight:
http://bit.ly/J3leG6, The Boston Celtics and Arbella Insurance want you and 17 of your friends to enjoy a suite at the Garden to see a round 2 playoff game! Simply “like” Arbella Insurance on Facebook and follow the instructions to enter the Arbella 2012 Playoff Sweepstakes. Arbella Insurance – Here for Celtics Fans, Here for Good. http://a.pgtb.me/cN19, The Celtics beat the odds in Round 1, and now the odds favor them in Round 2: http://on.nba.com/JnrpRW, Round 2 vs. the Philadelphia 76ers starts tomorrow night at the TD Garden!  Tickets have just been released for Games 1 and 2.  Don’t miss your chance to be there live for all the action!
http://on.nba.com/JjpNLu, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps Kevin Garnett's vintage performance in Thursday's win over the Hawks., A fired-up KG carried the Boston Celtics into the second round of the NBA Playoffs with an emotional performance Thursday night. The C's eliminated the Atlanta Hawks at TD Garden and will face the Philadelphia 76ers next: http://on.nba.com/KL3j9m, The Celtics beat the Hawks in Game 6 and advance to the Eastern Conference Semifinals. Tickets are on sale for Game 1 and 2 vs. Philly now on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/Jh7LJY, The Celtics get a second crack at closing out the Hawks, this time at the TD Garden. Will the Truth and Rondo go off and lock down this series? Find out on Comcast SportsNet right now! You know Tommy is geeked up for this game. Don't miss it. 
http://www.celtics.com/, Wondering what Doc Rivers' thoughts are regarding Paul Pierce's injury?  Find out what he said before Game 6 right here: http://bit.ly/J3Xoph, Last minute ticket drop! Don't miss Game 6 tonight at TD Garden: http://bit.ly/INF7BT, In this Arbella Game Preview, Molly videochats with WEEI's Mike Petraglia and talks about tonight's game against the Hawks., Game 6 is tonight! Take advantage of this exclusive offer from the Celtics Store! Save 20% on this cool Lucky Vest T-shirt until midnight tonight! Enter code GAME6 at checkout. Offer ends tonight at 11:59pm PST. Get it now! http://bit.ly/K5FZOw, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's Game 6 against the Hawks and Paul Pierce talks about the team's fight., Get ready for tonight's pivotal Game 6 between the Celtics and Hawks with the Arbella Game Preview: http://on.nba.com/J0jteO, RE/MAX of New England and the Celtics are giving you the Home Court advantage! Winners will receive a newly paved Celtics driveway, basketball stanchion, electronic scoreboard and Celtics gear! Enter to win your very own RE/MAX of New England Home Court: http://on.nba.com/zhLAte, Additional tickets for Game 6 against the Atlanta Hawks have just been released. Get your seats now and be there live for all the action Thursday night at the TD Garden. http://bit.ly/JVMPEA, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps last night's close loss against the Hawks and discusses the threat that Al Horford's return brings., Reserve big man Ryan Hollins is finally making his presence felt with meaningful minutes in the postseason., Tickets for Game 6 of the Celtics Round 1 series against the Atlanta Hawks have just been released. Get your seats now and be there live for all the action Thursday night at the TD Garden. 
http://bit.ly/JexRe2, Hawks-Celtics Game 4 at the Garden was a rout. Can the Celtics close out Atlanta in Game 5 and reserve a spot in the NBA's second round? Watch KG, the Truth, Rondo and Ray Allen on Comcast SportsNet beginning with a special one-hour Celtics Pre-Game Live tonight at 7 before Mike and Tommy have the call, only on Comcast SportsNet., Wear what the players wear and get ready for Game 5 with this exclusive offer from the Celtics Store! Get 20% off the On-Court ClimaLITE T-shirt for one day only! Enter code GAME5 at checkout. Offer ends 5/9 @ 11:59pm PST. Get it now! http://bit.ly/JbVVQx, In this Practice Update, Molly reports from Philips Arena in Atlanta as the Celtics prepare for Game 5 against the Hawks., The Celtics can close out the Hawks tonight in Game 5!  Get ready for the action with Celtics.com's written and video game previews right here: http://on.nba.com/JUtAQ0, New England Baptist Hospital wants to make sure you are there to see the Celtics power through the Playoffs.  Enter today for your chance to win a pair of tickets to a Celtics Playoff Game courtesy of New England Baptist Hospital, the Official Hospital of the Boston Celtics. http://on.nba.com/KJKZb7, Molly discusses Boston's blowout win over Atlanta in Game 4 and how it could impact Game 5., Rajon Rondo did it again in Game 4.  Anyone who watched him closely before tip-off should have seen it coming, says Marc D'Amico: http://on.nba.com/IEkwQD, Paul Pierce only played 17 minutes against the Hawks in Game 4 thanks to a sore left knee, but he did plenty of damage before he left, scoring 24 points as the Celtics took a 3-1 series lead.
http://on.nba.com/KxBCAO, The Celtics blew out the Hawks at TD Garden Sunday night, 101-79, taking a 3-1 series lead. Visit Celtics.com right now to watch live streaming video of the post game press conference: http://on.nba.com/celticslive, Breaking news for the Celtics - Ray Allen and Avery Bradley are both available for Game 4 tonight, and Allen says he's progressing so much that offseason ankle surgery may not be necessary: http://bit.ly/IAm2yf, Boston Celtics team photographer Brian Babineau presents his short film, "The Routine", featuring Ray Allen and his legendary pregame shooting routine., In this Game 4 Preview, Molly and Marc discuss the injuries headed into tonight and what to expect for this matchup., Starving for more Celtics content?  Take a read of this feature on Rajon Rondo, who served up his 20th career triple-double in Game 3: http://on.nba.com/J9OIBN, Ray Allen tested his sore right ankle and came up big for the Celtics off the bench in Game 3, as they pulled off an overtime win against the Hawks to take a 2-1 series lead.
http://on.nba.com/J6dm31, The Celtics prevail 90-84 over the Hawks at TD Garden and take a 2-1 series lead. Join us now on Celtics.com for LIVE press conference video coverage: http://on.nba.com/celticslive, Ray Allen is back in the lineup for tonight's Game 3! Find out what Doc expects from No. 20, and who won't be out there for Atlanta: http://bit.ly/JZpBmt, Make your picks now in 3-Point Play and you could win tickets to Game 4 vs. Atlanta at the Garden!
http://bit.ly/sqz876, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about Ray Allen's status for Game 3 and the Hawks stifling defense., Paul, Kevin and Ray talk about the atmosphere they expect at TD Garden tonight for Game 3 against the Hawks. Are you coming to the game? Get there early... and get fired up!, Here's a quick feature on Rajon Rondo's return to the team this afternoon.  You can also find a full video of his interview with the media on this page: http://on.nba.com/IMZVnA, The Celtics were back on the practice court today in Waltham, and guess who joined them - none other than Ray Allen.  Details here: http://on.nba.com/IpGAKT, RE/MAX of New England and the Celtics are giving you the Home Court advantage! Winners will receive a newly paved Celtics driveway, basketball stanchion, electronic scoreboard and Celtics gear! Enter to win your very own RE/MAX of New England Home Court: http://on.nba.com/zhLAte, Check out this Celtics Store EXCLUSIVE! Celebrate the C's Game 2 victory and Paul Pierce's epic performance with this adidas "The Truth" Playoff T-Shirt. Get your shirt now and celebrate his 36-point, 14-rebound performance last night against the Hawks. #truthing http://bit.ly/JOoG4p
, Paul Pierce was the star of Game 2's box score, but the Celtics wouldn't be tied at 1-1 without another savvy vet: http://on.nba.com/Jf1qwt, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly looks at the Celtics battle back from an 11 point deficit against the Hawks, and Paul Pierce's historical performance in the win., We’re heading back to the Garden all tied up! Get your gear and save big with our "Buy 2, Get a 3rd Free" offer from the Celtics Store! Save up to 75% off already marked down products from our Sale category! Gear up now...offer ends at tip-off of Game 3.  http://bit.ly/IU5D9V, Paul Pierce came up huge in Game 2, helping the Celtics steal home court advantage as the series shifts back to Boston on Friday for Game 3. 

Oh yeah, he also Tebowed...
http://on.nba.com/JdJpyT, The Celtics beat the Hawks in Atlanta, 87-80 to steal Game 2, and home court advantage. Pierce dropped 36 and 14. Watch the post game press conference live now on Celtics.com: http://on.nba.com/celticslive, It's time for tip off in Atlanta for Game 2 right now! Join us on Celtics.com for GameTime Live or tweet us with the #CelticsChat hashtag., Does Doc Rivers expect Paul Pierce and/or Joe Johnson to struggle again tonight in Game 2?  Find out the answer here: http://bre.ad/17wss1, Want to win tickets to Game 3 at TD Garden? Make your picks for Game 2 in Facebook 3-Point Play NOW and you could be in the house for Celtics/Hawks on Friday night!
http://bit.ly/sqz876, In today's Game 2 preview, Molly and Peter discuss what the Celtics will do to make up for Rajon Rondo's absence in tonight's game against the Hawks., Molly checks in with Tuesday's installment of the Minute, with notes on Ray Allen's absence and a look ahead to Game 2 in Atlanta., New England Baptist Hospital wants to make sure you are there to see the Celtics power through the Playoffs. Enter today for your chance to win a pair of tickets to a Celtics Playoff Game courtesy of New England Baptist Hospital, the Official Hospital of the Boston Celtics. http://bre.ad/14v58u, The NBA has announced that Rajon Rondo has been suspended for one game.  He will serve the suspension during Tuesday's Game 2.  Here's more on the suspension from Celtics.com: http://bre.ad/1c1ucl, New from Celtics.com: Adversity Follows Celtics into Playoffs, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps the Celtics loss to the Hawks in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Playoffs., The Celtics struggled coming out of the gate in Game 1 against the Hawks, finding their rhythm just a little too late: http://bre.ad/11j5k6, Doc Rivers confirms that Ray Allen will not play tonight, but that doesn't change the fact that Rivers still loves his team.  Find out why with the Pregame Post Ups: http://bre.ad/1bhcr0, Who's ready for Game 1?  Get an in-depth look at the Celtics vs. Hawks series with these video and written game previews: http://bre.ad/12fsfx, Get fired up for Game 1 of the Celtics Playoffs drive! Cheer on the C's and save 25% on all jerseys at the Celtics Store! Enter code JERSEY25 at checkout. Offer ends 11:59pm PST 4/29. Get yours now! http://bit.ly/JwRMKn
 , The possibility of Ray Allen playing tonight is called "50-50" by Doc Rivers.  Here are the updates from shootaround, including reactions to Derrick Rose's season-ending knee injury: http://bre.ad/15rped, New NBA on ESPN spot with Paul Pierce:  "We're not here to talk about history. We're here to keep makin' it."  http://bit.ly/IvMP3l #iamaceltic, Comcast SportsNet is the only network with every Celtics-Hawks game and the only place to get Mike and Tommy's call. Game 1 coverage begins Sunday at 6:30 with Celtics Pregame Live before the tip at 7. Want a taste of the coverage? Visit facebook.com/csnne and check out Greg Dickerson's exclusive interview with the Big 4.	, Get jacked up for the Playoffs with this Celtics Playoffs commercial: http://bre.ad/1auncf

You can find all five of this year's commercials only at Celtics.com, The postseason began for the Celtics today in Waltham.  From the sound of it, they're ready to make a run at Banner 18: http://bre.ad/1er67w, Are you ready for the NBA Playoffs? Rajon Rondo led the NBA in assists per game, so you know he's ready. The Boston Celtics take on the Atlanta Hawks in the first round, and Comcast SportsNet New England is ready too. They have all the first round action with Mike and Tommy on the call.

First Round Schedule:
http://www.nba.com/celtics/schedule/2011-2012-regular-season-schedule.html, RE/MAX of New England and the Celtics are giving you the Home Court advantage! Winners will receive a newly paved Celtics driveway, basketball stanchion, electronic scoreboard and Celtics gear! Enter to win your very own RE/MAX of New England Home Court: http://bre.ad/1af80n, According to Doc Rivers, everyone is back for the Celtics' game against the Bucks tonight.  Well... almost.  Find out what Doc said during pregame here: http://bre.ad/113aqw, Can you believe it?  Tonight is the LAST game of the regular season and the playoffs begin on Sunday.  Here's a written and video game preview of game No. 66: http://bre.ad/14m18s, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's game as the Celtics fight for home court advantage in the playoffs., Get ready for Playoffs with this special offer from the Celtics Store. Save 30% on the adidas Triple Threat T-shirt Value Pack TODAY ONLY! Three great tees for the price of one!
Offer ends 11:59pm PST 4/25. Get it now! http://bit.ly/Jont3I
, The Boston Celtics and Arbella Insurance want you and 17 of your friends to enjoy a suite at the Garden to see a round 1 playoff game! Simply “like” Arbella Insurance on Facebook and follow the instructions to enter the Arbella 2012 Playoff Sweepstakes. Arbella Insurance – Here for Celtics Fans, Here for Good. http://a.pgtb.me/cN19, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about the Celtics win over the Heat, and Sasha Pavlovic's strong performance on offense., Life called an audible on Doc Rivers heading into tonight's game against the Heat.  What does that mean?  A dramatic shift to his game plan.  Here are the details: http://bre.ad/123gw9, Get ready for tonight's big game between the Celtics and the Heat with a written AND video preview all in one place: http://bre.ad/1d5uhw, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's game against the Miami Heat and discusses who will play in the C's second-to-last game of the regular season., Attention Celtics fans: Sprint, the only network with truly Unlimited data, is now the official wireless partner of the Boston Celtics. Watch them all season long with Sprint NBA Mobile. 
bit.ly/odcfWv


, Today's practice update from Celtics.com: Doc Rivers opts for a healthy squad over trying to secure home court - bre.ad/1cwszx, Get ready for the playoffs with this 2012 Playoff T-shirt from adidas! Let everyone know you're a Celtic as the team makes the run for Banner 18! Get it > http://bit.ly/J54kHq, In today's Celtics Minute. Molly talks about Avery Bradley's performance against the Hawks, and Doc Rivers' stress on getting the team healthy rather than securing home court advantage in the playoffs., Hey Celtics fans, are you on Pinterest? You could win your very own Celtics Dream Closet. Enter our Pin It To Win It contest! Check out Celtics.com for more details: http://bre.ad/15h4ah, The Celtics visit the Hawks in a possible Round 1 playoff preview. Catch it tonight on Comcast SportsNet New England. Coverage begins with Celtics Pregame Live now before Mike and Tommy have the call., Bid now on a VIP Playoff Package that includes two (2) floor seats to our first home playoff game and autographed Paul Pierce and Ray Allen jerseys: bre.ad/1ar9gs, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly discusses tonight's potential playoff preview against the Hawks and talks about Avery Bradley's strong performance on offense and defense lately., The Celtics announced today that they have signed Boston College product Sean Williams and requested waivers on Jermaine O'Neal.  Here are the details on the move: http://bre.ad/15gda2, We’re happy to announce that Sprint is now the official wireless partner of the Boston Celtics. So you can watch The Green in action all season long with no metering, no throttling and no overages. http://www.bit.ly/odcfWv., In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about Paul Pierce's important role in last night's win over Orlando., Enter the Foxwoods Royal Court Sweepstakes - 20 Chances. 20 Prizes. 20 Days. In celebration of Foxwoods Resort Casino’s 20th Anniversary, the Boston Celtics are teaming up to offer you the chance to sit courtside at a Celtics game, along with a two-night stay at Foxwoods! http://bre.ad/1aeo6k, Kevin Garnett accepts the 2011-12 Red Auerbach Award: http://instagr.am/p/JlLdmCGwT0/, Several key players are missing from tonight's game between the Magic and the Celtics in TD Garden.  Find out who they are and how their absences affect the game here: http://bre.ad/19gkty, Are you hooked on Pinterest? You could win your very own Celtics Dream Closet when you Pin It To Win It! Check out Celtics.com for more details: http://bre.ad/15h4ah, It's bounce-back night for the C's.  They're back in TD Garden to take on the Orlando Magic tonight.  Dwight Howard won't be playing, and this is how his absence changes the game: http://on.nba.com/HI1sg0, The Boston Celtics and Arbella Insurance want you and 17 of your friends to enjoy a suite at the Garden to see a round 1 playoff game! Simply “like” Arbella Insurance on Facebook and follow the instructions to enter the Arbella 2012 Playoff Sweepstakes. Arbella Insurance – Here for Celtics Fans, Here for Good. http://www.facebook.com/arbellainsurance/app_416877931673879, A big Celtics week begins tonight in the Big Apple with the Knicks. Win tonight and a 3 or 4 seed is guaranteed. Coverage starts with Celtics Pregame Live at 7:30 before Mike and Donny call the game on Comcast SportsNet at 8., Round 1 Playoff tickets go on sale this Thursday. Don’t wait! Register for Celtics Beat for access to a presale TOMORROW at 11 a.m. Register for free today at Celtics.com/beat. The 2012 Playoffs are presented by Arbella insurance., In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's important game against the Knicks, and explains why KG will have a strong performance., Three road games in three nights continues for the Celtics tonight on Comcast SportsNet. Watch Celtics vs. Nets beginning at 7 pm to see if the C's get a win and Rondo racks up another double-digit assist night. Visit facebook.com/csnne for Boston's best Celtics coverage., Make your picks in Celtics 3-Point Play for tonight's game NOW and you could win tickets to an upcoming home game at TD Garden!
https://apps.facebook.com/threepointplay, You just gotta know Rondo wants to break John Stockton's record for 29 straight games with double digit assists. Watch him try and put up his 20th in a row tonight at against the Raptors. Comcast SportsNet has the game right now!, The Celtics are in Toronto to take on the Raptors tonight.  Why should Boston be motivated?  Find out here with our written and video previews: http://on.nba.com/HGAlod, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly discusses Ray Allen's injury and previews tonight's game against the Raptors., Round 1 playoff tickets go on sale next Thursday. Want early access? Register for Celtics Beat for access to a presale on Wednesday. Register for free at Celtics.com/beat http://bit.ly/HEfula, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly discusses last night's win against the Hawks and Mickael Pietrus' helpful return to the lineup., If you missed it last night: As Season Winds Down, Celtics Rising Up - Rondo's 19th-career triple double, KG's resolve lift Celtics against Hawks at TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/HtBM6Q, As Season Winds Down, Celtics Rising Up - Rondo's 19th-career triple double, KG's resolve lift Celtics against Hawks at  TD Garden: http://on.nba.com/HtBM6Q, Mickael Pietrus will make a miraculous return to the lineup tonight after missing 10 games due to a Grade III concussion.  Here are all the details from pregame: http://bit.ly/HsIZ7b, Are the Celtics the team no one wants to play in the East? The C's look to pad their playoff resume by besting another potential foe tonight. Watch Hawks vs. Celtics with Mike and Tommy on Comcast SportsNet. Coverage begins at 7:30. 

http://www.csnne.com/basketball-boston-celtics, Text CELTICS to 20222 to donate $5.00 to the Celtics Official Hospital, New England Baptist, to benefit The Arthritis Foundation.
 
One-time donation of $5.00 will be added to your mobile phone bill or deducted from your prepaid balance. Donor must be 18+ and all donations must be authorized by account holder (e.g. parents). By texting YES, user agrees to terms and conditions.
 
All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Service is available on most carriers. Terms: www.hmgf.org/t. Message & Data Rates May Apply. Text STOP to 20222 to cancel; text HELP for help. Privacy Policy. http://on.nba.com/ArJwJk, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps last night's huge win over the Heat and how it will affect tonight's game against the Hawks., Reminder: Please take our mobile app survey. What would you like to see in a Celtics mobile/tablet app? 
http://svy.mk/HqgqGj, The Celtics are about tradition. The Celtics are about hanging banners. Show your Celtics Pride as they battle the Heat with the adidas I AM NOT SOUTH BEACH..I AM A CELTIC tee, available now on Celtics.com/shop. Get it now: http://bit.ly/HgpVXg, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's Eastern Conference matchup against the Miami Heat., The Celtics are in Miami looking for another big victory over the Heat.  Here's what to look for when the ball goes up at 7 p.m.: http://on.nba.com/IexpfL, The Celtics and Cumberland Farms are giving you a chance to win $25,000! Enter the Cumberland Farms Take-A-Shot Contest today for your chance to win 4 tickets to an upcoming home game and an opportunity to take a half court shot worth $25,000.  http://on.nba.com/Agxbug, Today is the last day to vote for your favorite Banner Moments Photo! Vote for your favorite fan submitted photo in our Banner Moments Photo Memories Gallery. The fan who submitted the winning photo, as selected by fans, will win an unforgettable Celtics experience. And be sure to click the Photo tab to share YOUR favorite Celtics memories! http://on.fb.me/bm_photo_fb, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps last night's game over the Sixers and explains the important role that Boston's defense played in the win., The Boston Celtics want your feedback. Please take this brief survey about mobile phone applications: http://svy.mk/HqgqGj, If you want your child to learn from the best camp instructors in the country to improve their basketball skills, here is your opportunity. The Celtics and Legend Dave Cowens have teamed up to bring you the Celtics Cowens Camps presented by Reebok for Summer 2012. Sign up before April 20 to automatically receive a $30 discount! For more information and to register: http://on.nba.com/AqHoMn, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly recaps last night's loss to the Spurs, and talks about how this close game may affect the C's performance tonight., Hey Celtics fans! Are you going to be at Dunkin' Donuts in Somerville, MA toDDay? If you're "Caught Cold" drinking a DD Iced Coffee you could win tickets to an upcoming Celtics game! http://bit.ly/HZeuYx, Congratulations to Paul Pierce, who was just named the Eastern Conference Player of the Month!  Here's the official press release: http://on.nba.com/HSnoo7, Two very similar teams with two very different mindsets in the final month of the season.  Here's what Doc Rivers and Gregg Popovich had to say before tonight's big game: http://bit.ly/HVtGUk, There will be plenty of stars on display tonight on Comcast SportsNet, as the Spurs visit the Celtics. Will Ray Allen return? Is Rondo the X-factor? Watch tonight beginning at 7 with Celtics Pregame Live, exclusively on Comcast SportsNet, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's game against the San Antonio Spurs and explains why Rajon Rondo may have another strong outing., Heading to tonight’s game? Be sure to buy your 50/50 Raffle tickets on levels 4 and 7 and you could walk away with half of the total jackpot at the end of the night! The other half will support the Shamrock Foundation and Berklee City Music Network. The more you buy, the better your chances of winning and the more goes back to charity! To learn more about the Shamrock Foundation and Berklee City Music Network:  http://on.nba.com/ArJwJk

, Many are wondering who should start at shooting guard, Ray Allen or Avery Bradley.  As this piece tells us, the Celtics aren't fretting: http://on.nba.com/HRIL9n, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about the Celtics strength on both offense and defense during this 5-game win streak., Win a VIP package to the April 26 Celtics game against the Bucks! One winner will receive 4 tickets, pre-game photo on the famed parquet, and dinner hosted by a Celtics Legend in Banners Restaurant. The Boston Celtics “Go Green Sweepstakes” is helping to spread the word about GreenShield(R), the windshield recycling guarantee only from JN Phillips Auto Glass, the Official Auto Glass Company of the Boston Celtics. Enter now! http://on.nba.com/HU6bN4, Rondo’s triple-double led the way yesterday as the Celtics won their fifth straight, beating the Heat 91-72. To celebrate, the Celtics store is offering 20% off all regular priced apparel and headwear until midnight PST tonight! Enter code RONDO20 at checkout to save!  Check it out: http://bit.ly/HfED5b, Congrats to Paul Pierce for being named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week!  Check out the numbers he put up during Boston's 4-0 week: http://on.nba.com/HBRpwX, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about the Celtics huge win over the Heat, and Rajon Rondo and Paul Pierce's contributions., Here's a quick pregame update on Ray Allen and Mickael Pietrus' injuries: http://bit.ly/Hz2Q2n, The Celtics are about tradition. The Celtics are about hanging banners. Show your Celtics Pride as they battle the Heat this month with the new adidas I AM NOT SOUTH BEACH..I AM A CELTIC tee, available now in the Celtics Store. Get it now: http://bit.ly/HgpVXg, The Celtics make a quick visit to Minnesota for a matchup with Kevin Love and the T-Wolves. Ray Allen is still out, but a win keeps the momentum rolling before a big weekend matchup with the Heat. Comcast SportsNet is the only place to catch Mike and Tommy's call of the game. Coverage is underway now!, Marc D'Amico takes a deep look at Kevin Garnett's incredible play over the past month with this latest feature article: http://on.nba.com/H4G6tg, Are you hooked on Pinterest? Follow the Celtics' official page and start pinning your favorite players, dancers, jerseys, jewelry, Celtics legends and more!
http://pinterest.com/bostonceltics17/, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about Rajon Rondo's strength on offense, and what the Celtics will need to do to limit Kevin Love and win tonight's game in Minnesota., Kevin Love is putting up some ridiculous stats this season, but KG and the Celtics are in Minnesota to see if they can put the clamps him and the T'Wolves: http://on.nba.com/H74MPK, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly talks about Kevin Garnett's heightened performance since the All-Star Break, and how he's inspiring the team to grind out wins., RE/MAX of New England and the Celtics are giving you the Home Court advantage! Winners will receive a newly paved Celtics driveway, basketball stanchion, electronic scoreboard and Celtics gear! Enter to win your very own RE/MAX of New England Home Court: http://on.nba.com/zhLAte, What's Paul Pierce's most important statistical category?  Find out Doc Rivers' opinion right here: http://bit.ly/H1Zaua, Want to win tickets to the Celtics/Spurs game next week? Play Celtics 3-Point Play now and you could be at the Garden live!
http://bit.ly/sqz876, In today's Celtics Minute, Molly previews tonight's game against the Utah Jazz and talks about how Paul Pierce's offensive aggression can help the team., It's your last chance to enter to win an Orlando vacation package courtesy of VISITFLORIDA.COM and the Boston Celtics. You could win round-trip air transportation and a three-night stay for four at the Waldorf Astoria in sunny Orlando. The winner will have the choice of a round of golf at Waldorf Astoria Golf Club, or a 50-minute spa treatment at Waldorf Astoria Spa by Guerlain. Enter for your chance to win at http://on.nba.com/Hn844E, null)