List(null, null, Weekly Specials., Bring your love one to Gigu!, Creamy Chocolate Raspberry !, Celebrate Valentin's with us!, null, null, null, Ven a celebrar el año nuevo con nosotros. Tendremos nuevos especiales de cocteles y aperitivos que podrás disfrutar con todos tus seres queridos. Feliz año nuevo les desea Gigu.
Muchos agradecimientos a todos los colaboradores.

Come celebrate the new year with us. We will be having new cocktail and appetizer specials you can enjoy with all your closest friends and family members. Gigu wishes you a Happy New Year.
Thanks to all the volunteers who help us with this., Tenemos certificados de regalo disponibles., null, Weekly Specials, Dia de las velitas/ Little Candles' Day.

Hoy comienza la navidad en #Colombia Cafe Gigu les desea, Que la energía de esta época decembrina colme de sentimientos positivos a todos los seres humanos y se puedan lograr uniones fraternas entre los hombres.

Little Candles' Day (Spanish:Día de las Velitas) is one of the most observed traditional holidays in Colombia. It is celebrated on December 7, which is a public holiday in Colombia. This day is the unofficial start of the Christmas season in the country., null, Colombia Vs Argentina 
3:30 pm, null, null, null, null, null, Halloween Party at cafe Gigu, La rumba comienza a las 10:00 pm, premio a el mejor disfraz!
no te la puedes perder, null, null, null, null, null, Hoy inicia el #caminorusia2018 en el Metropolitano de Barranquilla!
Desde las 4:30 pm Colombia vs Perú.
Disfruta toda la emoción de este partido en #cafegigu  #futbol, null, PAINT NITE GIGU, null, null, null, Weekly Specials, Hawaiian Deluxe and Shrimp/Avocado!, null, Thirsty?, null, null, Este Jueves 13 de Agosto a partir de las 6:00  ven a Gguuy Disfruta  de una copa de vino, un cocktail o un aperitivo mientras aprendes a pintar con colores y sabores.
alguna vez a querido pintar y no ha podido hacerlo, esta es su oportunidad, venga con su pareja, solo o con sus amigos y disfrute de una noche inolvidable, ademas (te llevaras para tu casa un pintura hermosa la cual se la podrás regalar a alguien especial)
Nosotros proveemos todas las herramientas, no necesita experiencia.
compre sus tiques ahora, llame a Cafe Gigu 617-561-4448
====================
Enjoy a Glass of wine, a Cocktail or a bite to eat while learning to paint with Colores y Sabores.
Have you ever want to paint, this is the opportunity come with your friends and have an unforgettable night, plus (you get to bring your painting to someone you love).
We Provide all the materials, no experience needed.
Get your tickets now, call Cafe Gigu 617-561 4448 or just stop by, null, Los lunes son para beber, con un refrescante coctel de #cafegigu, null, Este jueves 30 de Julio, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, What Are you really hungry for?
Stop by Cafe Gigu tonight and find out!, Last night we hosted our fourth GiGu paint night and we would like to thank all those who attended and also to remind everyone that we will be having our next paint night on Thursday July 16th at 6pm., null, Colombia vs Argentina 7:20 pm, null, null, null, Weekly specials !, Noche de pintura Gigu hoy de 6:30 a 8:30 pm,
Llame ahora y separe su boleto 617-561-4448., null, Paint Nite Gigu., null, null, null, null, Happy Mothers Day!, Let's celebrate cinco de Mayo at  cafe Gigu!, null, null, https://www.facebook.com/events/1658262267735642/, null, Weekly Special Gigu., People having a good time At Gigu., Hungry! Stop by today and try something from our new menu., El 8 de marzo hace recordar lo importante que son las mujeres durante todos los días de nuestra vida., Weekly Specials

Smoked Parmesan Pork Chop and Cactus Margarita., null, almost there!, null, We're very pleased to announce you,  the launch of our new menu, 
here are some pictures., New Cocktail Menu is here!🍹🍷🍤🍰, null, 2014 Champagne sales hit second highest total on record, Good Morning wine lovers, null, Tonight!, null, "Black Fig Collins", This winter Gigu will have a brand new menu !, null, This week special cocktail will make you want to  come for more , so good!, This week special cocktail will make you want to  come for more , so good!, 2015
New is the year;
New are the hopes;
New is the resolution;
New are the spirits; 
And new are our warm 
whishes just for you.
Have promising and 
fulfilling New Year!
Happy New Years., Be safe and enjoy the last day of the year! Hug the people you love and forgive the people who hurt you. 

Best wishes for 2015 - may it be filled with love, health and happiness!, Buena noticia!, Dar gracias todos los diàs es importante., Happy last days of 2014!, Celticare Health Celebra los Reyes en East Boston, Que en esta Navidad el mejor regalo que recibas sea estar junto a tus seres queridos compartiendo paz, esperanza y alegría. ¡Feliz Navidad!, Sometimes you just need to sit back & relax; join us tonight and get ready for the holidays!, Nothing is better than the time spent together. 

Need a last minute gift?? Gift cards are always a win win situation ;)

Happy Holidays!!, This week we have a delicious Tai Spiced Margarita served on the rocks. 

Come try it and let us know what you think!  

#CafeGiguWeeklySpecial, Christmas weather expected to be wet, not white!

Stay warm at Gigu Cafe & Lounge ;) after your done Christmas shopping! 

Happy Holidays :)

http://t.co/0uZ9bsyyHs, Have a great day and remember the important things this holiday season., Tonight feels like a "I'll take it on the rocks" type of night so come try our delicious #GiguWeeklySpecial. 

This cocktail is made with tequila, green apple and apricot nectar.

Not sure what you're in the mood for? Our expert mixologists can make something for you from scratch!, Mayor Marty Walsh announced that Boston is one of 12 U.S. cities selected to participate in the $45 million expansion of Bloomberg Philanthropies’ Innovation Teams program. 

The $1.35 million grant, to be awarded over three years, will initially be used to support the creation of Boston’s first Housing Innovation Lab.  The Lab will research and implement new ways for the city to partner with the innovation sector to help create the 53,000 units of housing called for in the Walsh administration's “Boston2030” housing plan., Feliz Noche Boston, Celebrate the holidays at Gigu Cafe & Lounge. 

We have delicious cocktails, music, appetizers and much more!, Esta noche a las 7 pm gran final de la copa suramericana:

Atlético Nacional  vs. River Plata., Mmmmmmm Maicitos, que rico!, null, Así se vive la Navidad en diferentes regiones de Colombia.

Luces de varios colores y emblemáticas figuras alusivas a la Navidad decoran las calles en varias zonas del país., Reserve your holiday party at Gigu Cafe and Lounge., It's our favorite time of the year! 

Come celebrate your holiday party this year at Gigu Cafe & Lounge!, You don't want to miss our Gigú Weekly specials!, La Oficina de Nuevos Bostonianos celebrará su gala anual el Lunes 8 de Diciembre., It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...🎁🎄, Happy December!  Let's get the celebrations started at GiGu Cafe & Lounge - your perfect location for holiday parties and more!, RIP Roberto Gomez Bolaños aka Chespirito aka El Chavo del Ocho., Happy Thanksgiving! We wish you the best times today with family and friends. 

Reminder - we will be closed today to enjoy the holiday., We will be closed tomorrow to celebrate the holiday with our friends and family.

Happy Thanksgiving to all of our fans and loyal customers.

We're thankful for your business!, El encendido del árbol de navidad de East Boston en Maverick Square será el 13 de diciembre., Thanks to everyone who celebrated with us this week! 🎸🎶👏

Happy Friday and have a great weekend!! 🍁🍂🍃, We are really excited to continue the celebration tonight! Join us tonight to celebrate our 3 Yr Anniversary., Have a great day!

Photo from : Harbor Arts in East Boston, Join us today and tomorrow for an unforgettable evening of music, drinks, specials and more!

We are really excited to celebrate  our 3 year anniversary with all of our patrons and friends., We are very excited to celebrate our 3 Year Anniversary next Monday and Tuesday! 

Join us for live music, surprises, specials and more!

Thank you to all of our clients, family and friends who have supported us for all these years!, Este lunes y Martes ven y celebra con nosotros nuestro
Aniversario !, Colombia rendirá homenaje a la faceta de cuentista de Gabriel García Márquez., Support a good cause at #CafeGigu and get your bracelets today!  

"Guajira Sin Sed", In honor of #VeteransDay, Former #Boston Mayor Thomas M. #Menino is being remembered as a great friend to the local #business community, having brought his administration’s successful citywide Main Streets program to East Boston while aiding dozens of local businesses during his 21 years in office., Wow thank you Arturo! We appreciate your review and hope our clients will review us on our page!

Enjoy the weekend!, Quien se siente asi?? Ven a pasar un buen tiempo en Cafe GiGu!, Our martini special of the week is made with Evan Williams Whisky, Riesling, Saint Germain and Blue Curaçao .

You have to try it! 🍸

#CafeGiguWeeklySpecial, #TBT nice memories of great times with friends @ Cafe Gigu, null, Let's toast to health, love and happiness! Join us this weekend for a spooktacular time, Que tengan un feliz fin de semana!
Happy Halloween 🎃, Mayor Menino will always live on in the hearts of his Boston people! RIP, Feliz día! Aquí los dejo con un poquito de arte Colombiano., Join us this afternoon for some Sunday Funday cocktails :) 

Tag someone who needs one of these!, What an honor! RIP Gabo, A rainy cold night calls for a cozy martini! Try out our weekly special! 

It is made with Black Sambuca , Coconut Rum, Strawberry purée and cream! 

#GiguWeeklySpecial, Celebrate with us this weekend!! Birthday's - Girl's Night out - Date Nights are always more fun at #CafeGigu!!, Fernando Botero reflects on his career of passion. #ColombianArt, Support a great cause at #CafeGigu. #GuajiraSinSed, Not sure what your weekend plans are? That's OK come by and start your night at #CafeGigu!, Thanks for sharing Judy! Hope you enjoyed the tiramisu it is pretty delicious!?, Get your night started at #CafeGigu you won't regret it!! 🍸🍺

Tag your drinking partners! 🎃, Come try our amazing wine selection! It's Friday you have an excuse!

Tag your drinking partners!🍸🍷, Colombian journalist Javier Dario Restrepo and Mexican journalist Marcela Turati have been announced as the 2014 winners of the Gabriel García Márquez Foundation for New Ibero-American Journalism (FNPI) Acknowledgement of Journalistic Excellence award., Thank you Carla - that looks amazing! Thanks for sharing! 

Please hashtag #CafeGigu on Twitter and Instagram so we can feature your post!, Job Fair today in East Boston!, Colombia le ganó 1-0 a Canadá con este golazo de James
Al minuto 74, el mediocampista anotó tremendo golazo de media distancia para darle la victoria a la Tricolor en el amistoso en Estados Unidos., Enjoy the day! Feliz dia para todos!, "It was a sad day at Suffolk Downs last Saturday, and the grey, dreary day reflected the mood as thousands descended upon the historic oval to take in what is likely to be the last day of thoroughbred racing in New England.", Our fall cocktail of the week is    
Made with Cinnamon whiskey, whipped cream vodka and finished with a touch of caramel.

Our appetizer special of the week is a Chicken  Mousse le Orange served with pita chips .

Come try our #GiguWeeklySpecials you will love them !! -, Columbus Day Parade in East Boston!, Join us tonight for some delicious cocktails and appetizers! 🍸🍮🍻, null, Our goal is to put a smile on your face after a long work week : )! 

Let's get the weekend started at #CafeGigu!, Happy Friday everyone! Enjoy the weekend :) don't forget to stop by for the best cocktails in the city!, The MassDOT Board of Directors approved a construction contract to extend the MBTA’s increasingly popular Silver Line from East Boston to Chelsea., Maverick Square, East Boston in 1906., Thank you for sharing Henry! We invite our friends to stop by for a much needed midweek cocktail!

Try the Passion Fruit Mojito it's so popular it has its own hashtag!, Science Reveals Something Surprising About People Who Speak More Than One Language., Some of the best views of the water and sunset in Eastie!

We are close to the Maverick train station come by and try our delicious cocktails and wine selection., "Delma's Corner East Boston, MA, USA" Acrylic Painting

Art by Michael Perchard., East Boston lost a legend., This week you have to come try our #GiguWeekly special! 

This delicious Blood Orange Martini is made with vodka, watermelon liquor, passion fruit, and apple liquor!, Mayor Martin Walsh announced that the East Boston Branch of the Boston Public Library earned the prestigious LEED Gold certification.

The diversity of Eastie is signified and celebrated by stone pavers on the exterior of the Branch that show the name and distance to the capital cities of the top 21 countries of origin of the residents of the neighborhood. As part of the sustainable design of the library, storm water from the roof and site is directed to three “learning gardens” along the side of the Eastie Branch. At each garden is an interpretive panel which tells visitors about the sustainable aspects of the Branch and the gardens.

, Weekly special cocktail., Weekly special. 
Grape and Rasberry vodka with fresh grapes and lime., Looks great on the picture.
Even better when you try it!
Coco berry., null, null, https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=660183827403293&id=100002350466279, null, Ladies night out! #50likes, Este jueves 17 a las 7 pm Gigu celebrara su 6ta Exposición de Arte, del artista Colombiano Abelardo Taborda., Viva la pasion del fútbol en Gigu, 
Colombia contra Grecia, Support our city by liking and sharing this picture!, Good Morning friends! Enjoy the day., It's always ladies night at #CafeGigu ;) stop by tonight with your girl friends!, https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=631741920247484&id=100002350466279, The city is cracking down on improper trash disposal. Please do your part in keeping our city clean., Para una noche como hoy te recomendamos una "Pasión Dorada" #GiguWeeklySpecial

Pasión fruit | Citron Vodka |St. Germain | Lemon, Let's get movin East Boston, Lo mejor de la semana en Cafe Gigu & Lounge!!, Happy Memorial Day!, Just in case you know where to find us! :) 

We wish our fans, friends and family a safe and happy Memorial Day Weekend! 

 #Boston | #Eastie | #MDW2014 |#CafeGigu, If you like panini's you have to come try out our new menu!, The Let's Get Movin' New Balance Foundation Walk/Run for Fitness 5k will take place on May 31st! 

This race is free and open to the whole family come to walk, run, race, and have some fun!, Join Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department for the Neighborhood Coffee Hour Series .

The Coffee Hours give residents a unique opportunity to speak directly with Mayor Walsh about open space and other needs in their neighborhoods.

Each family in attendance will receive a flowering plant grown in the city’s greenhouses. Residents at the event will also be eligible to win a raffle prizes.


WHEN: Thursday, May 22, 2014, 9:30 – 10:30am
WHERE: East Boston Memorial Stadium
143 Porter St Boston, MA 02128
COST: FREE
, Perfect day for a pink lemonade after work! #GiguWeeklySpecial

Stop by tonight :-), #Boston's gift to the city for National Bike week!, A rainy night is perfect for a delicious wine and cheese plate from #CafeGigu! 

Like if you agree :), Legoland Discovery Center will be a great place for families to take their children! The center opens up on May 23rd!  , Eastie Week kicks off Summer on the Waterfront on June 6th | The Boston Harbor Association, Support the EBNHC on June 5th! 

"Inside its Maverick Square location, EBNHC incorporated a wide array of vibrant and therapeutic pieces by local artists. Some pieces were auctioned off to help raise money while others were showcased during tours of the facility last week.

Through corporate and private sponsorships, ticket sales, a silent art auction, raffles and other donations the event was able to raise over $245,000 for the Health Center’s crucial programs.", Our new flatbreads are pretty popular! :-)

Stop by this afternoon to try them!

Thank you Bryan for sharing., We love our city! #EastBoston #Eastie #Boston, Tonight we're excited to host the Eastie Meetup! We look forward to seeing you all! The event starts at 7pm., East Boston residents have been long awaiting the results of a Massachusetts Department of Public Health (DPH) study of the environmental impacts of Logan Airports on the health of our residents., Have you tried out our new menu?? If so what are your favorite items?, Felicidades a todas las Madres en este dia tan especial! 

Las esperamos esta noche para celebrar!, Happy Mother's Day! We hope you enjoy it with family and friends!, Tomorrow groups will be going out throughout East Boston to participate in Boston Shines!

Time for us to get out from behind our computers and smartphones and take action in the community! 

To participate click here: http://goo.gl/WacbYt, This week we're featuring a delicious crab cake with Sriracha mayo accompanied by a glass of organic Zentas Reserve Chardonnay.

Come try it!! 

#GiguWeeklySpecial, In honor of Cinco De Mayo, grab your girlfriends and stop by tonight!

We'll have some delicious tequila shots waiting for you!, Join your best friends tonight at #CafeGigu's Lounge!  Enjoy responsibly.  :-), Happy Birthday Ramon! Thank you for celebrating with us!, This week you have two great reasons to come visit us!  

 #CafeGiguWeeklySpecials, Sunday funday at #CafeGigu!, A great excuse to have an afternoon coffee at #CafeGigu!, Grab your girlfriends and come join us tonight! :-)

#CafeGigu lounge is open late!, You don't want to miss our weekly drink special! 

Stop by after work and enjoy it with friends! #CafeGiguWeeklySpecial, Best afternoon pick me up!! 

 #CafeGigu, Goodluck to all the runners! #BostonMarathon, Te esperamos esta noche, la mejor música, cócteles y más! :-) #CafeGiguLounge, Cheers its almost Friday!, We have some pretty delicious cocktails, what is your favorite? Tenemos algunos muy deliciosos cócteles, ¿cuál es tu favorito? 

Join us tonight for some great music, drinks and dessert!, Ladies it's #WineWednesday stop by today with your girlfriends!, Are you celebrating your birthday this weekend? Come celebrate with us at #CafeGigu!, Our weekly special is perfect for this 70 degree weather! Made with
Tequila, cucumber and basil!

You will love it! #CafeGiguWeeklySpecial, Eating clean? Well, come visit us this week for a healthy shrimp salad! 

We open everyday from 3PM - 1AM., Prefect night for dessert and drinks at #CafeGigu lounge! 

Thank you Marly for sharing!, Buenos Dias!, Tonight's forecast is looking good!

Tag someone who needs a drink tonight!, Newcomers have arrived in East Boston, and the city and developers have started to take notice!, The best way to celebrate your #birthday is to start with drinks, dessert, and shots at @CafeGigu!

Celebrate with us this weekend!, Happy Birthday Edison! 

Stop by to celebrate tonight!, This week you don't want to miss our #CafeGiguWeekly special!

Tag a friend who needs to get out for drinks more often :-), Only the best wines, cocktails and coffee for our customers. #CafeGigu

Enjoy your Sunday everyone!, We hope to see you this weekend!, The sun is out - it's almost Friday - today is the perfect night to stop by for a Primavera! 

#CafeGiguWeeklySpecial, We have a delicious selection of healthy salads to try! 

Come try out our new menu and tell us what you think., So nice to see the sun out! 

Stop by today for a delicious panini! We also have a wide selection of wine to choose from!, Good morning everyone - have a great week!, We agree! See you tonight for some champagne! :), We hope everyone has a great weekend!, Please join us by sending your thoughts & prayers to the Walsh and Kennedy families and everyone injured in the #BackBayFire today! #Boston 

We're thankful for the Boston Fire Department and Emergency Response teams!, Sorry Argentina, Colombia takes over as the 3rd largest Latin American economy" - IBT , Thank you for sharing!

Come try our new menu this week - you will love it!, Happy Friday - come enjoy a delicious #martini at our #lounge this weekend! #EastBoston #TGIF, Have a great weekend and smile it's Friday! :), Good Morning Friends! Happy 1st day of Spring!!!, "For many years Eastie’s elected officials have focused their efforts on trying to improve the quality of life for residents at the Orient Heights Development. They all agree that this grant is a step in the right direction and renovating the development to a higher standard.", A nice cold #beer after work is always a good midweek pick-me-up!  #Boston #Lounge, if you're traveling to #Boston for business or pleasure - make sure to stop by! We're only a 4 minute cab ride from #LoganAirport. 

#EastBoston #WineBar #CafeLounge, The Boston Redevlopment Authority approved $60 million in new development in Charlestown, #EastBoston and West Roxbury. http://ow.ly/uEam0, Are you a #wine lover? We have an amazing selection - come try it this week! #Vino #WineBar #EastBoston, Monday's are tough - so we decided to offer two specials this week instead of one! 

Stop by tonight to try them out! 

#GiguWeeklySpecials!, Prayers for former mayor Thomas Menino who is being treated for advanced cancer.  #Boston #MayorMenino #EastBoston, Hope everyone has a great St. Patrick's Day!, This is a great excuse to visit us this weekend! :)

 #WineBar #EastBoston #CafeGigu #Lounge, Since #art is one of our biggest inspirations -  please take a moment to go to the @MFABoston to see "Permission To Be Global/Prácticas Globales” debut of 60 contemporary Latin American works from the collection of Ella Fontanals-Cisneros. 
 http://ow.ly/uzI8k, We're very excited to announce a few new menu items! Stop by this weekend and tell us what you think!, Our #giguweeklyspecial has been a hit, you should come try it this weekend! #cocktails #CafeGigu, Try this delicious Caprese Salad next time you visit! It goes well with a nice Riesling. #CafeGigu, Our #GiguWeeklySpecial is a refreshing martini with hints of blueberry, apple & cranberry! 

You will love it! 

#CafeGigu |#Lounge | #WineBar, We're excited to announce a few new menu items! Come try them out!

This delicious Nutty Bacon Cheeseball platter goes perfectly with our signature red #wine. 

#CafeGigu #EastBoston #Foodie #WineBar, Thanks for sharing Raquel, hope to see you back again soon! #gigudessert #cafegigu, Feliz Dia De La Mujer!, TGIFC - Have a great weekend and stop by for some fun in our lounge!, We are the best of both worlds, a #Cafe & #Lounge! Stop by today to enjoy our delicious bites, signature martinis and great music!, Enjoy the day!, Are you celebrating a special occasion?  #CafeGigu is the perfect place for gathering with friends or making special memories with a loved one!, The architects of the new East Boston branch library say they were inspired by the diversity in Eastie! @BPLBoston http://b.globe.com/1of9xwn, Gigu Cafe & Lounge is a cozy place where you can come to unwind and enjoy after work cocktails or a night out with friends. 

We specialize in fine cocktails, wines and beer. We also have a delicious menu featuring delectable panini's and tasty appetizers., #Quote of the day: Like and share if you agree!, No matter what you pair it with coffee is always a good idea! :) Stop by for an afternoon pick-me-up! #CafeGigu, Our weekly drink special is a Coco Blue Tiny! This delicious #martini is made with Vodka and has hints of coconut and pineapple! Next time you visit us please hashtag #CafeGigu on Instagram & Twitter! @CafeGigu, Have a great Monday!, Mi cliente preferido Cafe Gigu !!! <3, Gigu's ice melting technics!
  What's yours ??, null, New Years Special !, null, Mañana 31 de Diciembre los esperamos para despedir un año más. Fiesta muy muy parrandera hasta las 3 de mañana, si señores hasta las 3 (TREEEES!!!)., Start celebrating New Years at #CafeGigu 
Half bottle of Prosecco and a cheese platter.
$ 16.00, Estaremos cerrados jueves 28, día de Acción de Gracias. Los esperamos nuevamente el viernes 29. Felices fiestas!/ We will be closed on Thursday 28th for Thanksgiving. See you again on Friday 29th. Have a happy Thanksgiving!, Gracias a todos por estos dos años de grandes y maravillosos momentos. Pueden estar seguros que tendremos Café Gigú por muchos años más. GRACIAS Y DE NUEVO MIL GRACIAS. / Thank you all for these two amazing years full of great moments. You can be sure that we will have Café Gigú for many more years. Again, thank you., .o/ A mi me gusta #cafegigu (Y), Muchos likes para nuestras ganadoras. / Many likes for our winners., Dos días de muchos likes (Y)... A mi me gusta #cafegigu!, Los estamos esperando para celebrar nuestro segundo día de aniversario. No se lo pueden perder. / We are waiting for you to celebrate our second day of our anniversary. You can't miss out! ;), Ya tenemos una ganadora... Gracias a todos los que participaron y compartieron con nosotros sus grandes e inolvidables momentos en @cafegig. Los esperamos en nuestro segundo día de aniversario con la entrega oficial del premio. Gracias!, Celebración de nuestro segundo día de aniversario. Gracias! / Celebration of our second day of anniversary. Thank You!, Recuerden que tenemos varios concursantes por la mejor foto de un gran momento en Café Gigú y hasta hoy a las 12 am hay tiempo para votar... (Y) Mañana sigue nuestro aniversario con la premiación. Los esperamos!, Hablando de buenos momentos... Que tal esta canción?, null, Ya tenemos varias concursantes por el gran premio de aniversario... Necesitamos más likes (Y) ... A votar se dijo por el mejor momento en Gigú durante estos dos años. ;), Un like (y) más para @JulianaPérez que también esta concursando por el gran premio. ;), And who do you love ? <3, ¿ Y tu, a quienes amas ?, Share important and special moments and participate..., We will be waiting for you!, null, Comparte tus momentos especiales en Gigú y participa para ganar; el premio será entregado este Lunes 18 en Café Gigú. Acumular likes se dijo... (y) Good Luck!, Cafe Gigu's 2nd Anniversary - Nov 17th and 18th, See you here (y), Happy Halloween !!!, Están listos para Halloween  ???
We are!!!!, Go Red Sox !, null, null, Sunday!, "Did God invent man? Did man invent God? Whichever you decide, just remember, there was, is, and will be a greater force beyond oneself." - Unknown, null, null, Pear Lemonade., San-Guaro, NEXT THURSDAY 7/25:  Art by Maynor Campos 
No se pierdan la próxima exposición de Arte de Maynor Campos. Sólo en Cafe Gigú!, null, Reencuentro clase del '98., Week Special cockrail!)