List(Happy 4th of July!, We are closed.Working on the new concept.We will update the opening date soon.For any catering order please contact 508-314-3509., Dear Customers,
We  will be open only for dinner  on Sunday,June 29th 2014 because of the private party., null, null, We don't want to disappoint you,the limited menu is our chef specialized menu! Indo-Chinese and Dosa will be there for sure., Limited menu available for tonight., Here is the Dinner Buffet Menu for Sunday June 8th 2014 :
(Ala carte menu is not available), Enjoy the nice weather and stop by for Dinner Buffet (Sunday June 8th)! Nobody need to wait., Here is the menu for $12.95 (Ala carte menu is not available):
Madurai Fried Idli
Cut Mirchi
Chana masala
Vegetable Khorma
Sambar
Tomato Rice
Plain Rice
Goat Curry
Lamb Saag
Plain DOSA
Gulab Jamun
Papad and Pickle., We are open tonight.
Enjoy the dinner buffet !
The menu will be posted soon., We will be closing every Monday starting on June 2nd., We want to give our best for the long weekend  buffet,but looks like our crew need some more time.We are postponing our lunch buffet.
Sorry for the inconvenience., Plan your long weekend for the lunch buffet.Menu will be updated soon., Don't miss the Mother's Day lunch buffet tomorrow May 11th.
Here is the menu:

Medu vada
Veg cutlet
Rasam
Sambar 
Curry leaf rice
Plain rice
Tindora fry 
Eggplant puli kulambu 
Vegetarian noodle 
Paneer butter masala
Chicken country style
Masala fried fish
Tandoori chicken 
Goat biryani
Naan
Poori
Masala dosa
Papad,Pickle and Raita
Moong dal halwa
Rasmalai and 
Mango lassi

HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!, null, Enjoy the complementary dessert tonight !

Wish you a Happy Tamil New Year - Apr 14th 2014!

Tamil New Year, is the celebration of the first day of the Tamil new year in mid-April by Tamils in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry in INDIA, in Sri Lanka and by the Tamil population in Malaysia, Singapore, Reunion and Mauritius., Tired of organizing same kind of food for all parties.Try our catering menu for more varieties.

Nobody can't forget your party because of your fulfilled food !
Have a Nice Weekend!, null, Bring your kids and enjoy the Kids mini chicken roll!, null, null, null, null, null, Uncomfortable to sit on the chairs....
Enjoy the food with more comfort., null, Many of you are not aware about the easy transportation to our place.For your convenience..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Who tends a guest and looks for next, is a welcome guest in heaven's feast. - Thirukural, null, Friendly reminder !
From Monday,we are open for lunch.Please check the opening hours.

Don't miss the Lunch THALI !
We do have Vegetarian ,Non Vegetarian and Tiffin Thali available.
Combo meals also available.

And new menu with lots of your favorite sections like South Indian Combo, Tandoor items,Naan,Dosa.etc.

Menu will be updated by Tomorrow-Sunday night on our website.
Come on in and taste the difference!, null, Dear Customers,
Expect more updates about weekdays lunch from March 2nd week!
And lavish varieties of new menu.
The date will be posted soon! 
Keep your date for this March Marvellous!, The human body which is sustained by love is truly alive, where as the human body which is not sustained by love is mere assembly of bones covered with skin. - Thirukural, We are closed today.Stay safe !, We are closed today Wed, Feb 5, due to weather conditions.
Stay Safe!, Hope everybody settled to enjoy the Superbowl!

Order online or by phone and enjoy the food & foot !, Let us thank the sun For burning himself to give us life 
Let us thank Plants For sacrificing themself for us 
Let us thank cattels and animals For Helping us to sustain our life!

Happy Pongal!

Happy Makar Sankranti ! Happy Uttarayana!Happy Lohri! Happy Bhogali Bihu!, Here is the coupon for our patrons!, Want more deal?
Please check here...

https://www.livingsocial.com/cities/2-boston/deals/965095-20-to-spend-on-indian-and-indo-chinese-cuisine?index=15, Dear Customers,
We plan to open Lunch buffet soon.

Wait for more update..., We are closed today.
Stay safe!, “Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” —  Brad Paisley, Try our scrumptious Spring Roll!, Happy Christmas! 
We plan to open lunch,on weekdays.Wait for more update..., Happy Holidays!, South Indian all time favorite Kothu Parota! Try it at least once in your life time !, Try our all time favourite Chicken Tikka Masala!
Stay safe !, We do free Delivery within 3 mile radius.

Or 

You can order online via foodler,Grubhub or Eat24!, Try our Drums of Heaven and be warm !, Come on in and try our delicious flavorful Biriyani!, null, Chicken Chettinad !
Feel the taste of our fresh home ground spices!, A favor conferred in the time of need, though it be small , is much larger than the world - Thiruvalluvar, We are open on Thanksgiving Day and day after., Some mouth watering delicious dishes from our chef., Want to know about our chef,please visit 
http://www.currynwok.com/about/, Tired of printing coupons.No worries,you can redeem through smart phone too., Dear Customers,
Thank you so much for your likes.Relax and enjoy , with our coupons!, null, Interior, © 2013 Madura.All rights reserved., null, null)