List(Happy Thanksgiving 
We are open today normal business hours for Thursday, null, null, Sorry friends, we are STILL temporarily closed.
It's taking longer than expected, but be assured that we are trying our best to reopen as soon as possible. 

It's hard to project a confirmed reopening date due to unforeseen issues related to construction and permits. Currently, we expect to reopen at the end of March and we will post a specific date as soon as it's confirmed.

We SINCERELY apologize for the inconvenience. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to email us at email@maharajaboston.com, SORRY FRIENDS, WE ARE TEMPORARILY CLOSED!
We are temporarily closed due to fire in the building last week. We are trying our best to reopen as soon as possible but we don’t have a specific date as yet. Please check our website for updates at http://www.maharajaboston.com

We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to email us at email@maharajaboston.com, It's Fall and Harvard Square is buzzing with fun activities. Don't forget to visit The Maharaja and enjoy the birds eye view of the square. Here are some pictures of the 10th Annual Revels RiverSing from The Maharaja on Sunday, Sept 22nd. Revels RiverSing is an open-air celebration of the Autumnal Equinox along the Charles River in Cambridge., Please join us in supporting "Call Of The Mountains" - A benefit lunch for Uttarakhand flood relief/rehabilitation efforts in India by The Association For India's Development, MIT/Boston chapter on Saturday July 20th at 11am at The Maharaja restaurant.
  
For details, please visit AIDBoston.org at http://www.aidboston.org/events/Callofthemountains2013/. We are very proud to support Uttarakhand flood relief efforts and hope you will join us too., Celebrate Valentine's Day with your loved one at The Maharaja in the heart of Harvard Square. Get 3-course prix fixe dinner with Champagne/Wine toast for just $35 per person on Feb 14th 2013 (tax and gratuity not included).  Call us at 617-547-2757 to make a reservation today., From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.  Best wishes to all from your friends at The Maharaja., In lieu of MBTA suspensions due to Sandy, we have decided to close The Maharaja after lunch today for the safety of our employees. We apologize for any inconvenience caused. We will call all patrons with reservations tonight to inform about the closing. Once again, we sincerely apologize. Stay Safe., Photos from The Maharaja restaurant, 34th Annual Oktoberfest is here. Sunday, October 7th, 2012 from noon to 6:00pm (rain date, Monday, October 8th, 2012). Oktoberfest is FREE and open to the public. 

Come, Visit us there. The Maharaja food stall will be located on the JFK Street outside The Garage. 

http://www.harvardsquare.com/Home/Articles/34th-Annual-Oktoberfest-and-HONK!-Parade-on-Octobe.aspx, Now, this is COOL! One of our guests decorated their table for a Birthday party.  We liked it so much that we decided to post it on our Facebook page., The Maharaja receives a "Gold Plate" on TV Diner!
http://www.necn.com/01/28/12/Review-The-Maharaja/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=640216&feedID=4408, Happy Diwali
Join us Tonite for a Diwali Special (dinner for two for $40.00 includes: Appetizer; entre' Dessert and sparklling wine), Check out the new addition to Cambridge- The Maharaja Restaurant located in the heart of Harvard Square. Like our facebook page for more information. We hope to see you there :))