List(Come drink with our friends ! 
On the wall or at the bar 🍸

#sundayfunday #anchoviesbar, That's a good looking pint 🍺

#houselager #jacksabby, White Wine in the Spring Time 🙌🏼 See you tonight !

Happy #winesday, Everyone go visit our newest addition Chad Fox tonight. He'll be slaying Monday's from now on. You probably already know him but if you don't...go introduce yourself and enjoy. 🍸🍕🍝🍺, 🍕🍸🍻🍝, Congratulations to our neighbors at Charlie's for reopening their doors, we wish them all the best!  We will be open this weekend regardless if we get 2 inches or 2 feet of snow, and there is nothing more fun than drinking during a snow storm.  See you then and don't forget to hang out with Marc tonight! :), Happy Holidays from our family to yours. We will be closed Thursday and Friday of this week and will open and be back to our normal schedule Saturday. Everyone be safe and have a blast. ☺️, We just tapped a fresh log of LUNCH by Maine Brewing company...it won't last long. Get it! 🍺🍕🍸🍝, Happy Thanksgiving Everyone. Be safe., Guess what we are pouring at Anchovies. Come on down for a 9.5% beer for $9 served in a PINT. Yes., Pecan, banana, vanilla bean house infused bourbon on a rainy cold night. Need I say more? See you tonight! 😘🍕✌🏻️, Just tapped a fresh keg of Enjoy By! Don't worry if beer isn't your thing we have delicious cocktails like strawberry punch and harvest sangria. Go get it! ☺️☺️, Come drink pumpkin martinis and drunken pumpkins. 😘, Have you guys met our newest member of the squad, Tim? He can't wait to meet you all and is serving up some seriously delish cocktails and food tonight. Head in and welcome him! 🍸🍺🍕🍸🍝, Tonight is Mike's last night on the bar- come in and say bye!!!, Fall is here and we are ready. Come drink awesome stuff with us 😘, Marc will be slinging drinks all night! Go in and try some vodka soaked gummy bears and get crazy! 🍕🍸🍝🍺🐻🐻🐻, It's 🍸 time, with your favorite host Marc. Go see him. He's waiting for you. Delicious food served until 1:30am and drinks until 2., Come eat pasta, meatballs and pizza while drinking delicious cocktails. Try our newest cocktail the iced chocolate chile martini for dessert. Delicious food served until 1:30. Dranks until 2 and good company the entire time. See you tonight. 🍕🍸🍝🍻, Marc just tapped a fresh log of LUNCH by Maine Brewing Company. It won't last long. Get it while you can. Go...quicker...RUN! As always he will be cranking out delicious cocktails until 2am and delicious food will be available until 1:30am. Weekends here kids! Go get it! 🍻🍸🍕🍺🍝, Basically the same? See you tonight! Sunday Funday!, Or Anchovies. Come party with us. Food until 130 and Dranks till 2., Come down and check out some of the sweet new beers we have in the house. Boom Sauce, Stone IPA, Bantam Cider and Flower Power are just a few of them!, null, Happy 4th everyone. Come down and party with us tonight. Good drinks. Great people. Delicious food. Food until 1:30 and drinks until 2. See you tonight. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸, Kick off the holiday weekend with awesome drinks and delicious food @ Anchovies. As always food until 1:30 and drinks until 2!!! Marc is waiting for you! 🇺🇸, Love won!!! Come celebrate! Food until 1:30 and drinks until 2! See you then!, Today is a day to celebrate.  The best way to do that would be to go hang out with Marc @ Anchovies and have a delicious ice cold beer or martini! As always food until 1:30 and drinks until 2!  Get there!!, Happy Fathers Day to all you dads out there ! !, American Ninja Warrior Mondays begin again tonight at 8:00!!!, Return of the Watermelon Martini, American Ninja Warrior Mondays start up again on May 25!!!!!!, Happy birthday!, null, Follow us on INSTAGRAM ! @Anchoviesbar, We're opening at 2:00 pm today for Marathon Monday!!!!, First Monday without a snow storm in weeks!!! Come visit!!!, Gay Super Bowl (87th Academy Awards) tonight! Sound will be in at 6PM for red carpet coverage., Bar is open. Chefs just arrived. Come eat and drink with us., http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/01/23/chefs-guide-south-end/, PHOTO BY RUBY WALLACE-EWING, Thanks for sharing your snow day with us. We'll see you tomorrow., We are opening the bar at four and the kitchen at five. Are you coming in?, null, Because of the statewide traffic ban, Anchovies will be closing around 10:30 tonight. Sorry for the inconvenience, but we want to help keep you and our staff safe, Yes, we are open today!!! Bar opens at 4, kitchen at 5, null, null, Off for the Holiday tomorrow? Food til 1:30am, bar open til 2am tonight!!, null, House smoked ribs....nuff said., New menu changes coming soon and the new items are for specials this week so come by and taste and let us know what you think., Braised lamb shank with a choice of tomato polenta or orange risotto and a fall salad on top in a house smoked tomato vinaigrette., Fresh smoked stuffed chickens! Special for tomorrow come eat!, It's American Ninja Warrior night!!!!, Check this out!!!!!!!!, Specials for Saturday and as requested we have some healthy options like the fiori pasta with sweet pea sauce, cauliflower soup and the roasted beet salad with whipped orange goat cheese and arugula., Burrata cheese with housemade citrus jam, pine nuts, parley. Pan fried salmon cakes with an italian bean stew,, basil aioli and an arugula salad., Summer or Fall? We have both tonight- Watermelon Martini AND the return of Shipyard Pumpkin!!!!, Specials for Saturday! Come chow down., Watermelon martinis! Made with love....and alcohol!, Veal saltimbocca! Hand rolled to order with prociutto and penne! Come get it!, American Ninja Warrior at 9:00!!!!, Did you know we have a new chef? Same classics, plus some great new things. Come check it out!!!!, Monday night specials!!, Open regular hours today, and look what's back- The Watermelon Martini!!!, Come visit the birthday boy for the big 40th!!, Cinco de Mayo AND this guy's birthday- the bar should be crazy tonight!!!!!, Bar open now, food starts at 2:00pm today!!!!, The bar is opening at 2:00pm today- come on in after the marathon!!! Or during...., Monday night specials!!!!, No, we don't have green beer. Come in anyway!!!!, Meatballs are good in cold weather, Mike's back on the bar tonight- come say hi!!!, Do they call this Blue Monday or Booze Monday? I forget, Open regular hours tonight!!!!, We will be closed on Tuesday and Wednesday so our staff can enjoy the holidays- so come in tonight for a holiday beverage!!!!, Stop in tonight- because Christmas shopping is stressful, Monday night specials!!!, True love, null, null, Monday night specials!!!, Open at 4, food at 5! Get in here!!!, I don't think you're ready for this jelly..., Come in and see Courtney on her last night behind the bar!!!, Mike's last Saturday on the bar, come have a drink!, Open at 3 today, food starts at 4!, Saturday night slogan, This guy just tried to steal out of a customer's purse. The police got him.  Don't screw with our regulars!!!, Help stop the insanity!!!!, The Watermelon Martini is back!! Open at 4 today for food and drinks, This is not beach weather- it's drinking weather!!! Open from 4pm to 2am- food until 1:30am!!, Summer drinks, Open at 4, food at 5- drinks til 2!!!, ...And we have the AC cranked!!! Come in tonight!!!, Nothing better than a cold dark bar on a day like this!, Saturday night specials!!!, Strawberry-Peach Sangria!
Watermelon Martini!
UFO White!
Summertime at Anchovies!, Watermelon Martini is back!!!, It's hot out- let us cook for you!!!, Add a caption to this..., Monday night specials!!!, null, Summer Drinks!!!!, Tuesday night specials- come on in!!!, It's hot out- we have cold beer!!! Food 4-1:30am. Drinks 4-2am. Bruins on the TVs!!!!, Here all night with great food and drinks, Come in and get one tonight!!!, Food starts at 4, Bruins on at 8, great drinks all night!!!!!, Kitchen is closing at midnight tonight because of the power outage coming, null, Anchovies staff does Pride!!!, Bar and kitchen are both open. HAPPY PRIDE!  Lets get to it., In the city tonight? We can help with the heat!!!, Wednesday Specials!!!, Memorial Day Specials!!!!, Bruins on tv at 5:30, plenty of good food and liquor!!!, null, Watermelon Martini!!!!, Come in tonight and try a Watermelon Martini!!!!, Saturday Night Specials!!! Food and drinks start at 4!, Saturday night specials!! We open at 4!!!!, Food and drinks begin at 4- come on in!!!!!, We will be open today normal hours. Bar at 4. Kitchen at 5., We're open at 2 today- come on in!!!!, We will be opening at 2pm tomorrow to help celebrate Marathon Monday!! Come on in, it's gonna be a blast!!!, White Sangria is back!!!!
AND... Be one of the first 3 people to show your ticket stub from opening day and we'll buy you a drink tonight!!!, Fun starts at 4!!!, Food starts at 4!!!, Drinks start at 4!!!, Tonight's dinner specials!!, Family dinner tomorrow? All the more reason to have drinks with us tonight!!! Open at 4, Open for food and drinks at 4 today!!!, Monday Specials, Food from 4 to 1:30am, drinks from 4 to 2am!!, null, Mike: "Tess, do you like your drink?"
Tess: "Yeah, it tastes like I'm gonna miss my plane tomorrow!", null, null, null, null, Come in and say goodbye to Tess tonight before she leaves us to move to Hawaii tomorrow!!!, Food starting at 4:00 today!!!, http://blog.zagat.com/2013/02/10-cult-favorite-restaurants-in-greater.html

#1 Cult-favorite in Boston!!!!!, http://blog.zagat.com/2013/02/10-cult-favorite-restaurants-in-greater.html

#1 Cult-favorite in Boston!!!!!, http://blog.zagat.com/2013/02/10-cult-favorite-restaurants-in-greater.html

#1 Cult-favorite in Boston!!!!!, There's no snow coming, it's all a lie- come on in tonight!!!, What's more romantic on Valentines Day than Anchovies?, We open at 3 today, start food at 4. It's a beautiful day in the South End, come on in!!!!, This happened tonight- muddled Smart Food popcorn and vodka- a Smartini!!!!, The bar WILL be open tonight!!! Hopefully around 6:00. Kitchen will be closed, only drinks available. And be kind to the bartender- he's been shoveling all day!!!!, Sorry, guys- looks like we won't be opening today. See you all on Sunday!!!, Everyone be sure to thank our over cautious governor for forcing is to close tonight. Sorry everyone., No snow tonight- come on in for drinks and dinner!!!, We have taken the groundhog. If you don't come hang out at Anchovies tonight, we will not release him, plunging the world into perpetual winter. Plus- we have booze and good food!, Snow days are the best days at Anchovies!!!!, Food at 4, Bruins at 7, liquor all night!!! Come on in!!!, The two newest little Anchovies- Matteo and Rocco, Congratulations to Richie and Danielle on the birth of their twin boys, Matteo and Rocco!!!, If you're not on vacation, then you should be here!!!, Open at 4- get in here!!!!, Best place to be in a snowstorm- come on in!! Food starts at 4, bar open til 2, We're open at 3 today, and then we're closed Monday and Tuesday for Christmas. Everyone at Anchovies wishes you all a very happy holiday, and thanks for continuing to make us the craziest bar in Boston!! Hope to see you tonight!!!!, Erica Ba- Don't, Serving food from 4:00 on today!!!, The role of Courtney will be played tonight by Mike- come by and visit!, null, null, null, We start serving food at 4:00 today!!!, null, We open for food at 4:00 today, and every Saturday from now on!!!, It's not The holidays until the Christmas parrot is up, null, Visiting with family this week? Maybe it's time to start drinking..., New Harpoon 100 Barrel on tap. EL TRIUNFO coffee porter, We DO have salad, too... Just in case, null, Halloween at Anchovies, Yes, we ARE open today- bar at 4, food at 5.   No- we do not deliver., New lights, same old divey feeling, The chicken soup that everyone loves is back tonight!!!, Chicken cacciatore!!!, We have pumpkin everything- come check it out!!!, Best place in Boston to be for a Thunderstorm, Pumpkin martini is back!, It's back!!!!!, Will likes Hi-Life, White Sangria is back!!!! Come in and try some tonight!, It's going to rain tonight- it's dry in Anchovies, and we have liquor, What's better on a hot humid day than a cold dark bar?, It's gonna rain, so you might as well just come hang out with us!!!!, We are open regular hours today, Anchovies was voted Best South End Bar by the Improper Bostonian!!!!
Come in tonight and see why!!, I just made some White Sangria- come in tonight and have a glass!!!, Our AC is cranking tonight. I might need to grab a sweatshirt!, Anybody got any favorite Anchovies stories?, null, Happy Pride Week!!! Come in tonight and celebrate with a cocktail and a meatball!!!, Come have a couple of drinks and some food, and you won't even notice the rain!, Come in tonight and try some Peach Sangria!!!, Who knew that today is national pizza party day?, We have a couple of new summer beers, just in time for the great weather. Come in and try them!, New bartender, Come in tonight and wish Marc a Happy Birthday!!!, null, In an effort to please everyone, I'll have the Red Sox on one tv tonight and RuPaul's Drag Race finale on the other. Plenty of drinks either way!!!, Tonight's specials, Beautiful day to come to Anchovies!! And there are a couple of new beers to try!, Rainy Sunday in Boston- this bar's pretty much the best place to be!!!!, Bar will be open at 2 today to cheer terry francona, I am going to open at 2 again tomorrow for the game, Open NOW for lunch and dinner- and PLENTY of drinks til 2am!!!!!, We are open at noon today, Kitchen is open at 4 today.  Bar and kitchen will be open at noon tomorrow!, Hey, marathon runners- come in and carbo-load at Anchovies tonight!
Everyone else- just come in and drink!!!, Opening the bar early again today. Come hear the boos at 130, Gotta deal with the family tomorrow? Come drink with us tonight!!!, I am opening the bar at 1 today if anyone wants to watch the game with me, New on our menu- Orecchiette with grilled shrimp in a spicy garlic sauce, New on our menu- BBQ pulled pork panini, New on our menu- 3 cheese tortellini with chicken in a Gorgonzola cream sauce, New on our menu- Wild Mushroom Ravioli with crumbled Goat Cheese, New menu items- starting tonight! Come in and check it out!, Outdoor weather is over for a minute- so come into Anchovies tonight!!!!, Be sure to go vote for anchovies today in the Munch Madness contest on Boston.com.  It only takes a second, null, Why wait in a LONG line at an Irish pub when you can celebrate with us?!?!
   If it helps, call us Anch O' Vies!!!, We are closed tonight due to the black out., It's a beautiful day for a beer and a meatball!!!, Come have a Leap Year cocktail with us tonight!!!, 7 new beers on our list!!!, 3 new featured cocktails- Colossal Bloody Mary, Blood Orange Margarita, and Winter Sangria!, Come in for one of Courtney's famous bloody marys before the shrimp is sold out, Winter Sangria is ready.  Hints of cinnamon and honey in there, Colossal Bloody Mary!!!, What's more romantic on valentines day than a plate of spaghetti and meatballs and a nice stiff drink:), We got meatballs- how about you?, Free wings and nachos tonight during the game, Start early- pre-game tonight at Anchovies!, When was the last time you came to Anchovies?, Come in and try an Apple Pie Martini! It's Amaaaaazing!!!!!, Phrase of the day- " Bring Webster Home!"
Be one of the first 3 to say this phrase at the bar tonight and your first drink is on us!, The word today- aardvark, Beautiful day for a stroll... Through the South End... To Anchovies... Where there's beer, null, First word of the day for 2012- Hangover!
Be one of the first 3 to say this at the bar today and your first drink is on us!, Happy New Year to everyone! Come on in tonight and start 2012 with us!, Anchovies re-opens today at 4:00!  Hope everyone had a great holiday- now come have a drink with us!!! Bar from 4:00pm til 2:00am, food from 5:00 pm til 1:30am!

And the word of the day is Boxer!!!!, Word of the day- you must sing me a line from the 12 days of Christmas, Nolan is wearing our decorations, The role of Courtney is being played today by Mike. Come in and say hi!, 2 new drinks for you to try tonight- Snowflake Martini and Blood Orange Cosmo!  And the word today is "Rudolph"., Our staff has a lot of holiday spirit!!!, Come in and check out the new holiday decor!!!, null, null, null, null, Perfect weather for a beer! Come by tonight! Be one of the first 3 to say "global warming" and we'll buy your first drink!, Word of the day- Robot, Pumpkin Martini for Thanksgiving. Guinness Black Lager for Black Friday. Butterscotch Martini for Christmas. And a full bar and extensive beer list for all the other stress in your life!!!, You'll be cooking for the rest of the week- so come in for dinner tonight!!! And the word of the day is "kumquat", It doesn't get more Italian than this. Come in and see the new decor!  And the food and drinks are pretty damn good, too!, Look who sang for his beer!!!!, The word of the day today- "Wake me up before you go-go". And you've got to sing it. First 3, a drink on us!, Have you met Michael? He's the newest member of our team. He enjoys snowboarding, stimulating conversation, and Pumpkin Martinis. Come see him tonight at Anchovies!, New on tap- Wormtown Winter Ale. Come in tonight and get one!, WORMTOWN Wintah Ale now on tap, Look who got the word of the day!!!, The word of the day today is "silly putty". If you don't know about the word of the day, scroll down..., How can you resist this face?  Come see him at Anchovies tonight!!!, The staff, Halloween at Anchovies!!! Come in tonight, in or out of costume, for some special Halloween drinks!
     Be one of the first 3 people to come to the bar and say either "Michael Myers", "Freddy Krueger" or "Kathie Lee Gifford" and get your first drink on us!
Special prize for the best costume of the night!, I need to hire a server.  Thursdays 4-10 and fill ins for now, but we all know how often schedules change in this business, null, Look who got the word of the day!!!, The word of the day today is "lobotomy." don't ask why, I won't remember. The first 3 people who come to the bar tonight and day "lobotomy" get their first drink on us!, Return to the scene of the crime, 22 ounces. The Lost Abbey- Witch's Wit. Tonight at Anchovies, Happy 5th Anniversary to Marc and Barb!!!!! 
In honor of them, the first 3 people to come to the bar tonight and say "get a room!" get their first drink on us!, The magic word today is "banana hammock ". Yes, it's two words, but it's my game, so I'll bend the rules. The first 3 people who come to the bar tonight and tell me this word get their first beer on us!, It's a beautiful day for a pumpkin beer...., Joe says: "Try our new beers! For Real!", New beers at Anchovies!!! Come get one tonight!!!, Lobster Mac-n-cheese.........mmmmmmmm, The magic word of the day is "Batman". I'll buy a beer for the first 3 people who come to the bar tonight and say "Batman.", Tonight! Occupy Anchovies!!!! No picketing, just drinking., What should the Anchovies staff dress as for Halloween?, I'll buy a beer for the first 3 people who come in tonight and tell me the magic word. The magic word is Moogie., I am going to bring in a couple pumpkin beers in a bottle....any requests?, FUN QUOTE from the bar "Make sure my martini is strong!", Come and get one of these tonight! Plus food until 1:30am!!!, FUN QUOTE from the bar tonight "I'm not vulgar Kara....I just like to get fucked up!", Jump start to Fall- Pumpkin Martini and Sam Oktoberfest, Come and get it!!!!, We just got in a couple cases of Boulevards Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale!, Is anyone besides the Giacomo's staff going to kill the Cisco summers?  There is only about a case left, Pumpkin martini is back!, We are breaking out a list of Oktoberfest beers today.  Some locals and some Germans., We still have some Cisco Summer of Lager left at $3!, Everyone's favorite steak tips on the specials tonight.  Just the tip!, We have a few cases left of Cisco Summer of Lager....$3 until they are gone., I'm going to bring in some oktoberfest beers.  Probably a couple locals and a couple Germans.  Any suggestions?, We replaced a bunch of our bottled beer selection.  Some really cool ones on there., Our AC is fixed and is cranking!, Dude loves his polenta, Beat the heat with an ICE COLD Imperial ( la cerveza de Costa Rica), We just put Dogfish Head 90 Minute on tap and the AC is cranking, Paulaner Hefe-Weizen on tap, What better way to spend Memorial day than sitting in a dark bar enjoying a cold beverage with the A.C. cranking=), Come in and check out our 7 new local summer beers, Terri is selling his wing platter again tonight.  It's a steal for $20!, Come in and get Terri's wing platter on Sundays and Mondays from 10 until 130. It's 5 orders of our wings for 20 bucks!, Breaking out the Sangria today!, Pineapple infused Cosmo is back ! ! !, Anchovies is celebrating Cinco de Mayo!, Nothing says Cinco de Mayo like Italian comfort food and a cosmo, Come in tonight for a free Half Nacho if you are friends with us on facebook, I just drove 26 miles to get to anchovies.  I'm starving., Our WiFi is fixed.  All systems go for grinder and words with friends., Spring is in bloom!!, null, Don't worry guys, we ARE open...our neon is just broken, null, Corned beef and cabbage is gross.  I guarantee St. Patrick would rather be here for some chicken parm 70's funk., Brooklyn Lager now op tap., We are all a little buzzed from a wine tasting.  Our wine guy can't believe how cheap we are selling bottles on the new wine list., 3 NEW PANINIS!
~proscuitto, fresh mozz, tomato, and roasted red pepper
~chicken cutlet, pickles, pepperoncini, american cheese, and mayo
~portabella mushroom, fresh mozz, roasted red pepper, and spinach, Get out of the snow and come on in for food and drinks!, null, SNOW DAY! Michael is on the bar and it is filling up pretty quickly.  Better get here soon., Love a snowy night at the bar, ?)