List(null, null, Breaking now..WKYC is live on air and on line., Fire and propane tank explosion in the American Greetings construction site at Crocker Park. Fortunately, there were no injuries., Really nice piece from photojournalist Craig Roberson, 2nd place in NH a huge moral victory for the Kasich campaign. However, Trump's dominance today makes it akin to a horse race where the closest challenger finishes 3 minutes behind the winner: it keeps you in the game, gives you cred for next time but also makes that next time even more important. Kasich is currently polling 8th in the 2/20 South Carolina Primary. Going to be an interesting 11 days until then!, Breaking..., From veteran photojournalist Craig Roberson. A great piece., Team coverage at 11, The exclusive story from the team of The Investigator Tom Meyer and producer Phil Trexler...tonight on Channel 3 News at 11., Thanks The Cleveland Museum of Art!, I and others like me can sit in our seats because she and others refused to leave theirs. 
Thanks Rosa. #RosaParks60yearsagotoday, One of our favorite 7 Minutes segments. At home with the great Eric Carmen...talking music, success and surprises., Another Hilary Golston WKYC exclusive. An emotional one on one interview tonight with Samaria Rice., null, null, null, Rest in peace to a wonderful man., null, Sending good thoughts and prayers to an incredible guy and his family., null, null, null, null, A message to Cleveland from Mayor Jackson., Superchef Jonathon Sawyer was a big winner at Monday night's James Beard Awards, the Oscars of the culinary industry.Jonathon was named Best Chef: Great Lakes. Congrats to a cool guy who continues to represent and make the CLE proud! Wanna know more? Here's our 7 Minutes with him from last weekend.
 http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/local/7-minutes/2015/05/02/26768735/, null, http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/local/cleveland/2015/04/22/26210387/, null, http://www.wkyc.com/video/4153032497001/1/7-Minutes-with-Russ-Mitchell-Judge-Michael-J-Ryan, Happy Easter! Join us at 11a for a special 30 minute edition of 7 Minutes. Our guests: Chuck Todd of Meet The Press, Kathy Garver from Family Affair and Cuyahoga County Judge Michael Ryan., null, null, He won! Congrats Jason Vieaux, null, null, null, Best am team in Cleveland!, null, null, The 10/12 edition of "7 Minutes"
http://www.wkyc.com/videos/news/local/7-minutes/2014/10/12/17152037/, Cool stuff! Sounds like it's going to be a great event.
http://www.cleveland.com/entertainment/index.ssf/2014/09/cleveland_one_world_festival_c.html, null, null, null, null, A good day to remember and reflect., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Happy Friday everyone!  Just wanted to share the promo for my "7 Minutes with Russ Mitchell" series that airs every Saturday morning on Channel 3 News Today.

Who would you like to see me interview for this series?, null, Super Bowl Weekend!! Check out this piece from last year on a former NFL ref from Akron who called 4 Super Bowls and the Ice Bowl! http://www.wkyc.com/story/local/2013/01/31/3242943/, Thinking about Rosa Parks today. Because she and others courageously refused to give up their seats, I can sit in my seat at 6 and 11. 
Please take some time to remember and reflect today.
Russ
WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, Ok...imagine you are Jimmy Haslam. Who on the coaching staff do you fire after this sad season...or do you bring everybody back for another shot?, Good evening everybody. It's a busy last Friday night of the year. At this hour there's another car accident on I-90 at almost the same spot as Christmas Eve's 20 car pile up. We'll have a live report. Also, long term unemployment benefits expire for more than a million Americans at midnight. We'll break down the numbers and tell you if any help is on the way for those who depend on those checks. And get ready to hit the beach tomorrow. Well, not really...but Betsy Kling - WKYC Weather says a warm up is on the way...she'll tell us how warm it will get.
See you at 11., This week's guest on 7 Minutes: Santa Claus. Don't laugh...if you don't believe you get coal! Ask your kids if they have any questions for Santa and I'll ask the big man! The interview is Wednesday (Santa is crazed this time of year) and airs on Saturday on Channel 3 News today. WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, November 22, 1963. I remember my mother was crying and I asked her what was wrong. She told me the president was dead. I was 3 years old and I'm sure I didn't understand much about what happened...but it's my first memory in life. 
Where were you on that tragic day?, We have 2 legends for you this week: Former Congressman Lou Stokes and newsman Virgil Dominic talk JFK 50 years later and how that tragic day in Dallas changed our nation. 
7 Minutes...this Saturday on Channel 3 News Today with @Kim Wheeler beginning at 9AM.
Russ, Why has Cleveland become such a culinary hot spot?  I sat down with Chef Rocco Whalen for "7 minutes" to find out why Northeast Ohio is capturing everyone's attention and tastebuds.

WATCH it here:  http://on.wkyc.com/18ig99g, I recently sat down for an extended one-on-one interview with Cleveland Clinic President and CEO, Dr. Toby Cosgrove for a wide ranging discussion on the state of healthcare and beyond.

In case you missed it, here's the first edition of "7 Minutes with Russ Mitchell."  http://on.wkyc.com/1birTG9, Dr. Phil's interview with the truly inspiring Michelle Knight airs next Tuesday and Wednesday at 5 on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhJZz6qd_SA&feature=youtu.be, Happy Friday everybody!!, Happy Sunday Night! Indians are in...The browns win. You could call this a great day in CLE sports! Myself, @Kris Pickel, @dave Chudowski and @Bruce Kalinowski are on duty tonight. See you for Channel 3 News after the Pats-Falcons game!, null, Hard to believe the political conventions were almost a year ago.@jon Adkins took this pic., No words..., Latest..., From this morning's court session..., WKYC live coverage of sentencing day for Ariel Castro begins at 9a with @Chris Tye and @Erin Kennedy. @Kris Pickel and I pick up @12., Sending good thoughts to my friends at the Plain Dealer who will find out their fate Wednesday AM., Just in..., Just in..., Wherever you stand on this issue, watching the President of The United States speak on this issue this afternoon was fascinating., The Miracle in Cleveland continues: the women speak to the world for the first time since their escape., null, Andy sez..., Good Thursday AM!
Bruins and Hawks are about to start OT#3!! Stay tuned to Channel 3 News at 11 (or something like that!) after the game!
Russ, From the newsroom..., From the newsroom.., From the WKYC newsroom, Hope you are having a reflective and safe Memorial Day! 
To quote my colleague Sara Shookman: "We are not a bank..we never close."
See you at 6, 7 and 11!, null, A tip of the hat to WJW's Wilma Smith, who is retiring today after a remarkable 36 year career in Cleveland television. A classy lady who is going out in style and on top. Wishing Wilma the best of luck!, Congrats to the great Tom Beres! Honored to call him a colleague and friend!, Let's pray for some miracles in Moore today., Good Friday evening everybody. Wow...what a week! A week where hope was victorius..where we smiled, shed tears of joy and were reminded that miracles really do happen.
Tonight, 3 strong women and one brave little girl are safe, getting ready to enjoy their first weekend of freedom in a decade and more. One of those women will be with her mother for their first Mother's Day together since 2004...another will celebrate Mother's Day as a mom for the first time outside of the hell of 2207 Seymour Avenue.
It is a night to count our blessings and say thank you to all who helped make this week one that we'll never forget.
Have a great weekend...and Happy Mother's Day.
Russ, Channel 3 News live continuous coverage of another busy day in the #miracleincle begins at 4. See you soon...
Russ, Here's the interview from The Tom Joyner Morning Show today., I'll be on the Tom Joyner Morning Show Thursday @7:10et to talk about the #miracleincle and our interesting interview with Charles Ramsey, Good Wednesday evening...Coming up tonight on Channel 3 News @11: A day of emotional reunions as two of the three women held hostage for a decade and more finally come home. We'll have the heart warming pictures and sound. Also, we'll have the latest on the man who has now been charged in the case and tell you why two other orignial suspects have now been cleared.
Plus, we'll meet a relative of the suspect who says the man deserves everything he gets.
See you at 11...
Russ, From our Jason Nguyen Wkyc. Another page in the #miracleincleveland, #miracleinCle headlines this am: city holds news conference @9, the world watches Cleveland celebrate, 3 suspects remain behind bars, look for new hero Chuck Ramsey to become the newest Internet sensations.
Complete coverage on @wkyc
See you soon..
Russ, Good evening on an incredible night in Cleveland. Three young ladies, Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight, missing for more than a decade have been found alive. From the police investigation to the man who discovered them to the joy of their families and the neighborhood, we'll have complete team coverage at 11 to bring you the very latest.
It's a night where you can truly say that miracles do happen.
See you at 11.
Russ, Happy May the 4th be with you day.
What's your favorite line from the Star Wars movies?
Mine: "You have failed me for the last time"...Darth Vader, Major props to my FB friends who powered through the Tough Mudder this weekend in Mansfield! The "mandatory insurance" requirement was enough to keep me away! But for those of you who were tough enough to do it, te salut!, Hey there...it's Friday night and here's a look at what's coming up on Channel 3 News at 11: After 8 weeks there's finally a tentative deal in the Strongsville teachers strike. We'll have a live report with the latest at 11.
Plus, there's word that the Browns did some wheeling and dealing tonight at the NFL draft. Jimmy Donovan will fill us in.
And we'll tell you why 26,000 people are descending on Mansfield this weekend to get shocked, drenched and covered in mud...and why it means good news for the local economy.
See you at 11...
Russ, Hope you are having a great Friday! Coming up tonight at 6 on Channel 3 News: the voice of the Browns, Jim Donovan, is live from Berea with the scoop on day 2 of the NFL draft. Who will the Browns pick today?
Also, an amazing story just developing this afternoon. Landing gear from one of the planes used in the Septmenber 11, 2001 attacks has been found in New York City, almost 12 years later.
Those stories plus we'll tell you why you should expect to see extra security at local events this summer and Betsy has the latest on your weekend weather forecast.
See you at 6!
Russ, Good evening! Coming up tonight on the Thursday edition of Channel 3 News at 11: It's Draft day and the Browns go defense with their first pick. No one in Cleveland television is more plugged into the Browns than our own voice of the Browns Jim Donovan...he'll have the latest live from Berea. Also, there's new information tonight on the F.B.I. investigation into team owner Jimmy Haslam's family business. This time, a court order is involved..we'll explain.
Plus, Taylor Swift is in town tonight and we'll tell you how she made a young girl's dream come true.
I got stuck on an airport runway for more than an hour the other day because of fallout from sequestration. Tonight, we'll tell you about some great news on that front for travelers.
Those stories, and Betsy looks at your last weekend of April weather forecast. 
See you at 11..
Russ, Good Wednesday evening. Coming up tonight on Channel 3 News at 11: He's been missing for nearly 40-years but could the remains of Jimmy Hoffa be in a local bar? It's an easy question to dismiss but today the F.B.I. called to check it out and tonight police are involved. We'll have the story. Also, the long awaited Cleveland city report on last November's deadly police chase is out and more than 100 officers and supervisors could lose their jobs. Jennifer Lindgren will have a report. Plus, it's been a rough week for Browns owner Jimmy Haslam...the federal investigation into his family business led to a meeting with the commissioner of the N.F.L. yesterday and today a Georgia attorney is telling him to keep his mouth shut. A.J. Ross has the latest.
Those stories plus we'll see if Betsy's forecast still includes the word snow!
See you at 11..
Russ, Good evening...what a week, what a day. Tonight on Channel 3 News at 11 we'll have a live report from Boston on tonight's dramatic capture of the second suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings. 
Also, Browns owner Jimmy Haslam responds to last night's stunning news from the F.B.I. about the investigation into his family business. It's what he didn't say that has people talking.
Those stories and more...plus Betsy's weekend weather forecast at 11.
See you soon..
Russ, Good Thursday evening...coming up tonight on Channel 3 News at 11: A bombshell new development in the investigation into Browns owner Jimmy Haslam's family business. The FBI has unsealed documents that put Haslam on the hot seat with the government and possiblly the NFL. 
Jim Donovan leads our team coverage tonight on Channel 3 News at 11...See you then.
Russ, Tonight on Channel 3 at 7: Check out our hour long special on the heroin epidemic hitting Northeast Ohio and beyond. Excellent work by the team of Monica Robins (WKYC) @Jane Temple and @carl lemon, Good afternoon...it is another busy news day in what is proving to be a busy week. Coming up tonight on Channel 3 News at 6, a tragedy in Akron...4 are found dead in a basement. We'll have the latest on the investigation. Also, we'll go live to Texas for a report on that plant explosion that has killed at least 40 people. There are new developments in the Boston Marathon bombings investigation, we'll have details. And wait until you hear what a local tanning salon employee told us about her policy on "fat customers"..and now police are involved.
Jimmy has the inside story of the Cavs saying goodbye to Byron Scott and Betsy has news of a big time weather change.
See you at 6..
Russ, Good afternoon. It's a busy news day. Coming up on Channel 3 News at 6 we'll have the latest on the Boston Marathon bombings...there's a lot of conflicting information out there...we'll separate fact from fiction. Also, six internet cafes were shut down today and the government is vowing there will be more, we'll have the latest on that. Could tonight be Byron Scott's last night as coach of the Cavs? Jim Donovan shares his insight..and Betsy will tell us how long this beautiful weather will stick around...
See you at 6!
Russ, Tonight on Channel 3 News at 6: a live report from Boston for the very latest on the bombing investigation...New developments in the F.B.I. raid on Jimmy Haslam's company..and Betsy is tracking some rough weather.
See you soon!, Can't wait for our Indians special, "Tribe Time: Opening Day" to begin in just 7 minutes.  If you aren't near a TV, you can watch us online at www.wkyc.com., Words can barely describe how honored I am to be receiving this award.  Thank you to everyone at Kent State University for the recognition., I recently had the pleasure of meeting the legendary former Congressman Louis Stokes. A Lion in Winter. Our extensive interview airs Monday on Channel 3 News at 6.  I hope you'll join us., Join us tonight on Channel 3 News at 11 for our revealing interview with Rev. Hilton Smith, the new President of the Cleveland NAACP.
I asked him to give a grade on the state of race relations in Northeast Ohio. His answer tonight. 
What grade would you give?, Whaddya think..Lovie Smith as new Browns head coach joined by Norv Turner as offensive coordinator?, Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night., Hey there...as 2012 comes to a close, what do you think were the 2 biggest stories in Northeast Ohio this year?, Happy Diwali!, See you at 11@ on @liveonlakeside with a live interview with President Obama and an interview with Governor Romney. Stay with the best political team in Cleveland Television all day for the latest on Decision 2012. See you soon!
Russ, Join us today for a special edition of Channel 3 News at 5. We'll have the latest on Hurricane Sandy, where it's headed and the impact now and in the days to come on our area. See you soon., Hi there...
My voice has disappeared! Happens to me once a year. Starts with a cold and..boom, the voice is shot. Since that's not a good thing in my line of work I'm wondering what's your best remedy for laryngitis? Back to the tea with honey and lemon now...
Thx!, Democratic Convention day one Tuesday. See you live at 6, 7 and 11., Republican Convention day 4. What do you think Mitt Romney has to say to the American people tonight to keep his convention momentum going?, Hi Russ Mitchell here. Off to Tampa for convention coverage. What questions do you want to ask Republicans as they prepare to officially nominate Mitt Romney?, For those of you of a certain age...do you remember where you were the day Elvis died..35 years ago today?, What's your favorite song with London in the title?
Russ, Check out our special edition of Channel 3 News at 5 today and every weekday for the next 3 weeks!
Join Kris, Betsy, Jimmy and myself for 90 minutes of the latest news, Olympic highlights, weather and features you'll only see on Channel 3.
See you at 5!
Russ, Contact lens issues tonight...call me 4-eyes!, Coming up on Channel 3 news at 11, a look at the Montford Point Marine Veterans who helped change the face of the American Military. You'll meet a local hero, who along with more than 300 other veterans, finally got an official thank you today.
See you soon!, Jerry Sandusky verdict is in and will be announced by the jury shortly. Stay with WKYC for the latest and complete coverage from NBC and Channel 3 at 11., Happy Father's Day!!!, Just finished the Doug Brinkley book on Walter Cronkite. Fascinating look at an Uncle Walter we never knew. 
Now taking a second look at a really fun read: "Heaven and Hell" by Don Felder, former guitarist of the Eagles. I'm not a huge Eagles fan but this look at the inside world of a big time rock band back in the day is a page turner. Check it out!, Big thumbs up to the community of Chardon for giving 265 high school seniors such a great send off yesterday!, Just read a really interesting book on the fascinating world of network TV. "Top of The Rock" by former NBC programming chief Warren Littlefield (the guy who brought us Seinfeld, Will and Grace, ER, Cheers, Friends and more) is a great read. Next on my list, the new Doug Brinkley book on Walter Cronkite.
I'm always open to suggestions...what are you reading?, As a huge baseball fan, I've been surprised this season that attendance at Progressive Field has been so low..last in the majors! Help me out...why do you think fans are staying home?, Ok...looks like summer temps arrive this week. Any ideas on what my family and I should do in our first Cleveland summer??, Ok...I have a question: On this Rock Hall induction week what overlooked artist do you think belongs on the hall?
I'll start: Chicago...without a doubt., in a few minutes it will be 7 days until opening day!!, Thanks for the notes guys..and gals...back on Monday. See you then!
Russ, The city of Cleveland is expecting more than 400,000 for tomorrow's St. Patrick's Day parade downtown. How will you spend the day?, OK...what are you doing to enjoy this beautiful day?, This month marks the 40th anniverary of the greatest movie of all time (in my opinion!), The Godfather. What's your favorite line from the Godfather movies?, What a wild election night! Stay with Channel 3 as the numbers continue to come in., Thanks for the nice notes! BTW: I was told about the joys of Paczkis today. Can't wait to try one!, Had fun time shooting this with NBC Nightly News' Brian Williams.  , Thanks everyone for the nice words! I got to spend some time at the West Side Market Friday AM. How cool is that place?! 
Have a great weekend!, In case you missed it, here's my first Super Bowl promo!  Take a look and tell me what's important to you when it comes to covering Northeast Ohio.  Where do we need to make a difference?, Thanks for your insight and the nice words!, Enjoy the game and "The Voice" and then join Betsy, Jimmy and me for Channel 3 News at 11!, RIP Don Cornelius. Spent many a Saturday afternoon with you., Bruce says it could hit almost 60 today! Drop top weather (almost) in January...yes!!, Watching a classic movie from the 80's. The main character just said, "So, say goodnight to the bad guy. Last time you gonna see a bad guy like this in a long time."
Name that movie..., Thanks everyone for the nice words! See you tomorrow at 6!, Discovered the Steelyard  shopping center today. Not good for me!, Thanks Cleveland for making my first week here one I'll never forget!
See you at 11!, Another photo from our visit with the folks at NBC News on Friday.  While he was waiting to interview the man behind 'S#*& Girls Say', Brian Williams gave me and videographer Steve Pullen an interview that you'll see used in upcoming newscats and station promos., 55 degrees in January?? Maybe I did move to Clearwater!! :), Thanks again so much for the wonderful welcome!
It's really great to be here!
Russ, Thanks for all the nice messages!! See you at 11 Sunday after the Golden Globes!

Russ, Channel 3 videographer Steve Pullen and I are making the rounds at NBC News today and look who we ran into... one of our favorite WKYC alums!, Hi Cleveland...
I'm incredibly grateful for the wonderful ways you continue to welcome me to town! Please join me for my first newscast at Channel 3 Sunday at 11 after the Golden Globes.

Thanks so much!

Russ, In case you missed it, here's the interview I did with the fine folks down at WAKR in Akron this morning. Thanks for having me on!)