List(null, Douzo Morden Japanese Restaurant has been selected by Open Table diners choice awards of this month and the best in the area! Thank you all very much for the support!, Check out our Valentine decoration today!, We will be closed tomorrow Sunday, 01/31/2016 at 4:00PM for our 10th annual company party. Regular hours will resume on Monday, 02/01/2016.

Sorry for the inconvenience., Free local delivery from Caviar within 0.7 miles of Douzo Modern Japanese Restaurant from now on!, null, Kamotsuru was said to be the sake of choice of feudal lords back during Japan's Edo Period. The tradition seems to have carried over to today's lords as the "gold" daiginjo was the drink poured by Prime Minister Abe for President Obama at Jiro's during the recent presidential visit. This "Gold" Kamotsuru has been produced since 1958 even before the daiginjo category was created. It comes in a distinctive bottle shape like many of this brewery's sake. Not only that, inside are a pair of gold leaves which are supposed to bring luck when you drink them with the sake!
Available now!, We will be closed at 4.00pm on Sunday, 01/31/2016 for our 10th annual company party. Regular hours will resume on Monday, 02/01/2016.
Sorry for the inconvenient., Happy New Year!! Thank you for the support looking forward to serve you better!, We will be closed on Friday, 12/25/2015 for the Christmas day. Regular hours will resume on Saturday, 12/26/2015
Our sister restaurant BASHO will be open for dinner at 4pm on Christmas Day. Please call 617-262-1338 for reservations.
We wish you all the warmest of holiday.
Merry Christmas!, Check it out our Christmas decoration today!, We will be closed on Thursday, 11/26/15 for the Thanksgiving Holiday. We hope you have an enjoyable and safe day with your family. We will reopen on Friday, 11/27/15 with normal business hours. Happy Thanksgiving!, Try our Omakase today!, Check it out our Thanksgiving decoration today!, Comment on your favorite Douzo team members' costume!, Hey kids!, Have you tried Iso Yuki Nori?
Our Spicy Pumpkin Spider Roll is on the menu tonight!, Happy Halloween!
Come by for some candy , or have a drink with this scary bunch!, Boo to you from our crew! Stop in for a spell of haunting sushi from Douzo 🎃👻, http://read.hipporeads.com/from-the-kitchen-to-the-lab-how-sushi-dinners-may-lead-to-new-pain-therapies/, Omakase (お任せ, o-makase ?) is a Japanese phrase that means "I'll leave it to you", All time favorite!, Happy 4th July! We are open for normal business hours today. Come celebrate with us!, Try our Ripieno Sorbet Today!, Treat Dad to our Father's Day Special, starts tomorrow and goes through Sunday., Phillips Academy Andover Mass
25 years reunion., Cool down this Summer with our Douzo cocktails! 🍹, Flash Flood Warning for Massachusetts

The National Weather Service in Taunton has issued a Flash Flood Warning for: Central Essex County in northeastern Massachusetts. Northern Norfolk County in eastern Massachusetts. Southeastern Worcester County in central Massachusetts. Northwestern Suffolk County in eastern Massachusetts. Southeastern Middlesex County in northeastern Massachusetts.
Be safe and Drive safe.

We offer validation parking at131 Dartmouth Street garage 3 hours for $5, This week's Special Roll

Sriracha Roll-
Topped with Tuna, Tobiko, unagi sauce, sriracha, with avocado, shrimp tempura, seafood salad inside wrapped with soy paper and micro
 greens 

Torch Toro Truffle Roll-
Topped with seared Toro, truffle oil, black tobiko, avocado sauce, inside asparagus tempura, cucumber spicy mayo and unagi sauce, This week's specials 

Torch Scallop Jalepeno roll-

Top seared scallop, Jalepeno, cherry tomato, ginger soy. Inside spicy seafood, lettuce, tempura crumbs., Our OpenTable system is back online. Please feel free to make your future reservations online or call the restaurant. Thank you for your patronage and hope to see you soon., Our Opentable system is currently offline. Please contact Douzo directly at 617-859-8886 to make reservations for Monday 3/29.  We apologize for any inconvenience, and we hope to see you soon, This Week's Special

French Roll-
Foie Gras, cucumber, cilantro,
avocado, Teriyaki sauce, Spicy mayo, This Week's Special 

Uni Tempura, This Week's Special

Seared Toro Steak-
Seared Toro with Special House Tamari Sauce,
Assorted Vegetable
Absolutely Gluten Free, This Week's Special Roll

Sumo Roll -
Topped with Salmon, Wasabi
Tobiko, Black Caviar, finished with Key lime tempura Crumbs, Special Sweet and Spicy Sauce, Snow crab and Cucumber inside., This Week's Special

Tairagai Usuzukuri
Pan Seared Scallop
Beef Tataki, Happy Birthday Duozo!! A big thank you to every one for their support. It has been a great 9 years!, We are open for regular business hours today Sunday, February 15th. Stop by for lunch and a complimentary miso soup to warm you up., Happy Valentine's Day from Duozo! Many thanks to everyone who came and braved the storm. Be safe and stay warm!, Valentine's Week Menu

  Available from 9th Feb 2015 till 15th Feb 2015

 Choice of One Starter, One Entrée $40 for per person.
 Complimentary 1 mocheese Trio desserts per 2 orders.

 STARTERS 

 Douzo's Trio- 
 -Tuna Sashimi Salad 
 -Yellowtail Belly with Yuzu, Jalapeno 
 -Spicy Scallop Mango Crispy Rice, 

 Pan Seared Scallop- 
 -Seared Scallop, Spinach, Sesame Sauce 

 ENTREES 

 Sushi/Maki Platter- 
 5 pcs of Douzo's flavored Sushi and Sriracha Roll 

 Waygu Beef Steak- 
 Waygu Beef Steak with Fried Wasabi mashed Potato, 
 Mushroom, Douzo's Special Sauce 

 DESSERTS 

 Japanese Mocheese Trio 
 Cheese cake, Chocolate Cheese Cake, 
 Green Tea Mochi, We are open for normal business hours today on Tuesday, February 10th!, We apologize for any inconvenience but we are closing for the evening due to transportation closures in the city. Stay safe and warm!, Douzo is the perfect place to find a cozy refuge from the winter weather this afternoon! We are open!! Stop by for lunch and a complimentary miso soup to warm you up., Valentine's Week Menu

Choice of One Starter, One Entrée $40 for per person.
Complimentary 1 mocheese Trio desserts per 2 orders.

 STARTERS 
 
Douzo's Trio- 
-Tuna Sashimi Salad 
-Yellowtail Belly with Yuzu, Jalapeno  
-Spicy Scallop Mango Crispy Rice, 
 
Pan Seared Scallop- 
-Seared Scallop, Spinach, Sesame Sauce 
 
 ENTREES 
 
Sushi/Maki Platter- 
5 pcs of Douzo's flavored Sushi and Sriracha Roll 
 
Waygu Beef Steak- 
Waygu Beef Steak with Fried Wasabi mashed Potato, 
 Mushroom, Douzo's Special Sauce 
 
 
 DESSERTS 
 
Japanese Mocheese Trio 
Cheese cake, Chocolate Cheese Cake, 
Green Tea Mochi 
 

Available  from 9th Feb2015 till 15th Feb 2015, We will close at 4pm on Sunday, February 8th for our Annual Company Party. We will re-open for normal business hours on Monday, February 9th!, Tired of shoveling snow? Re-fuel with us at Douzo today! We are open through the snow for lunch and dinner. Stuck at home? Give us a call for pickup or delivery through DiningIn!, null, This Week's Special

Smoke Hamachi, null, Due to the weather condition and current travel ban, Douzo will not be open today. We will resume regular schedule tomorrow, Wednesday.  Please stay safe and warm., null, As of now, we will be closed for lunch tomorrow and re-open for dinner at 4:30 PM. Stay tuned for further updates but more importantly, stay safe!, Due to inclement weather, we will close tonight at 10 PM. We apologize for any inconveniences this may cause. Stay safe and warm!, Lovely, Super Bowl Special
Patriots Platter
$50 for the following:

Patriots roll 
Sriracha roll 
Tuna sushi 
Salmon sushi 
Cooked ebi sushi 
Yellow tail sushi  
Eel sushi 
White fish sushi 
Take out only! Feeds 2 people! 

Don't miss this great Douzo deal! Now through Super Bowl Sunday., This Week's Special

Patriots Roll
Soft Shell Crab Temp, Tobiko, cucumber, Lettuce Wrapped in Soy paper, top with Scallop, Chop Tuna, Salmon, Mango, Strawberry mixed with Mentaiko Sauce

Abalone Salad, Come celebrate Super Bowl Sunday with us at Douzo! We will be open for dine in, pick up, AND delivery through DiningIn! Already have plans? Spice up your Super Bowl with a Phoenix roll or a sushi platter from Douzo --- the perfect edition to any Super Bowl snack spread!, This Week's Special 

Sawara Tataki (Spanish Mackerel)
King Crab sushi 
King Crab Salad, This Week's Special: 01.08.15

Shishito Pepper Roll
Top with Eel. White Fish, Yellowtail, Tuna, Salmon, Albacore Tuna Fried Shishito Pepper, Assorted Tobiko and Spicy Garlic Sauce., This week's Special

Tairagai Usuzukuri
Japanese Razor Clam, We will be closed on Thursday, December 25th, for the Christmas day. Regular hours will resume on Friday, December 26th. We wish you all the warmest of holiday cheer! 
Merry Christmas!, Due to high demand Sriracha roll is back on this week special!, This Week"s Special 

Nigiri sampler
Snow crab katsu/avocado/mayo, Anago/bonito/green tea powder, Sweet ebi/uni, Chu toro with truffle oil/ black caviar., Gobble, gobble! We will be closed on Thursday, 11/27/14 for the Thanksgiving Holiday. We hope you have an enjoyable and safe day with your family. We will reopen on Friday, 11/28/14 with normal business hours. Happy Thanksgiving!, This Week's Special:  9.25.14

Sriracha Roll
Tuna Kimchee
Nigiri Sampler (tuna/kimchee, seared salmon belly/jalapeno aioli/ikura, snow crab tempura/avocado/mayo, ebi/seafood salad)
Kajiki Carpaccio
Rock Shrimp

Now Taking Reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, This Week's Special:  9.18.14

Wagyu Sushi(While it lasts)
Aodai Usuzukuri
Isaki Tataki
Scorpion King Roll
Hoisin Duck

Now Taking Reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, This Week's Special:  9.11.14

Hoisin Duck
Smoked Hamachi 
Crispy Toro Sushi
Spicy Avalanche Roll
Kinmadai with Sesame Paste, This Week's Special:  9.04.14

Nigiri Sampler
Spider Nacho w/Soft Shell Crab Mix
French Roll w/Foie Gras
Beef Tataki w/Ponzu Sauce
Rock Shrimp w/Sweet Chili Sauce

Now Taking Reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, This Week's Special:  8.28.14

Sashimi Salad
Red Grove Roll 
Rock Shrimp with Sweet Chili Sauce
Toro Tartare
Ankimo Appetizer

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, This Week's Special: 7.31.14

Grilled Tilapia
Mt. Fuji Roll
Tuna Zeke
Kaijki(Pacific blue marlin)
Nishin(Blue Herring)

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, Douzo welcomes Kolo Toure from Liverpool!, Weekly Specials:  7.24.14
Lobster Ceviche
Smoked Hamachi
Sushi Sampler
Rock and Roll

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, Weekly Speicals: 7.17.14
Spicy Kraken Roll
Calamari Tempura
Eel Tamago Flavored Sushi 
Tako Carpaccio

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, This Week's Special:
Crispy Fresh Oyster
Salmon Jalapeno Roll
Sawara Tataki
Torch Toro Sushi

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, Delicious Scallop Soba for summer season.

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, This Week's Special:
Ishidai Usuzukuri with Spicy Ponzu sauce
Flavored Nigiri Sampler

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com, There's nothing like fresh Sushi with refreshing Watermelon Martini to fight the heat!

Now taking reservation!
www.douzosushi.com
www.opentable.com/douzo-modern-japanese-restaurant, Feeling sushi for lunch?  Come on in!

www.douzosushi.com
www.opentable.com/douzo-modern-japanese-restaurant, How about a fresh boat of sushi for dinner? #sushimonday

Now taking reservation.
Www.douzosushi.com
Www.opentable.com/douzo-modern-japanese-restaurant, Having a case of the Mondays? Maybe coming in and feasting will help!, Starting today at 4 pm and ending next sunday we are offering our Valentine's Day Three Course Prix - Fixe Menu. This three course offering is paired with two glasses of Chandon Brut Rose and lovingly crafted to suit two people. Whether it's a date, an anniversary, or a special evening, stop in any day of the week to enjoy. Here's a sneak peek of our first course. Our regular menu is available as well., Douzo will be closed today February 2nd in honor of our Company Party! We hope to serve you all again soon.  We will re open to normal business hours tomorrow, Monday February 3rd.  Thank you for your continued patronage., Come down to Douzo and ease the Monday blues with our delicious specials and assortment of Modern Japanese cuisine! We are sure you will find something to tickle your fancy, like the Fancy Roll (Foie Gras meets a makimono roll, need we say more?) or the mandarin fused Creme Brulee to top it all off. Late night? no problem! Open until 11:20 and serving a full menu, make sure to make Mondays fun again and join us tonight!, Come in this weekend to enjoy our wonderful new specials!! These photos can do no justice for how these delectable bites will taste, but what better way to kick off your Saturday night than a stop to eat at Douzo Modern Japanese restaurant+lounge? Stop in and be part of what's happening in Copley Square/Backbay tonight!, Due to the inclement weather conditions Douzo will be closing at 9pm this evening. We hope everyone is staying safe and warm!, Just want to make sure everyone stays safe and warm during the snow storm! If it's too cold outside, then please don't hesitate to stop in for a warming bowl of nabeyaki udon soup or our other piping hot dishes ready for your enjoyment., To ring in the New Year, come join us tonight or tomorrow for our special New Year's Makimono Platter! Get it before it's too late!, Come in and try our new dessert! Before you make your New Year's resolutions, splurge on a Green Tea Chocolate Biscotti at Douzo Modern Japanese restaurant+lounge. Get them before they are gone!, Oh just a simple Sashimi Lunch...but oh so delicious. Join us until 2:55pm for our Lunch Specials!, Hope Everyone has a MERRY CHRISTMAS! Enjoy the day with family and friends. But don't forget the New Year is right around the corner and it's not too late to make reservations! For the New Year, we are offering two special plates! Pictured below is our Sushi and Sashimi platter. It tastes a whole lot better than it looks! Book now!, Sriracha Sundays!!! Spice up your holiday shopping with a Douzo Bloody Mary., Our Sushi Man is going to help us battle the Snow Men out there till morning.  Here's to keeping warm!, It's getting colder out there!  Stop in for a hot Nabeyaki Udon soup during lunchtime to warm up and prepare for the day!  Served daily 11:30 am till 2:55 pm, Hidden Gem of the week: Beef Tataki! We don't only serve raw fish at Douzo! Come try out our other wonderful options that don't live in the sea., To let all of our wonderful guests past and present know, Douzo Restaurant will be closed for Thanksgiving! Please be safe and stay warm on this special day. We will be resuming normal business hours on Friday so you can fulfill your sushi cravings then!, Create your own Sashimi combination from our large variety of fresh and delectable seafood options., Fun Fact: The California Roll was originally created to mimic the flavor and texture of Toro (fatty tuna) using avocado during the season in which Tuna was unavailable. While similarities of taste may be debated, the fact that it remains one of the most popular options for sushi fans is not. Come on in to enjoy the California Roll among a wide variety of other delicious choices!, Hidden gem of the week: Sake Kinuta Makimono. Salmon, cucumber, avocado, burdock root and ginger wrapped in daikon dressed in light white vinegar., Last day for the yellowtail hatsu mitsu! Get it while you can, Fun fact: Contrary to a popular misconception, sushi does not mean “raw fish.” It actually refers to the flavoring of the rice with vinegar. So when you refer to go eat sushi, you really are saying to go eat flavored rice! But we really know what you really mean ;), Hidden Gem of the Week: Sashimi Naruto- salmon, yellowtail, tuna, asparagus, and shiso leaf wrapped in cucumber, Thanks to everyone for getting us to 1000 likes! Let's continue onto 2000!, Always happy to be a part of a great benefit and a good cause!  Thanks to all those who came to the event!  MUSIC DRIVES US BENEFIT, Happy Halloween!!!, Join us for our new Pumpkin Patch Martini in our Pumpkin Patch, Cheers!, Sea of Salmon..., Look who's peeking through! Kurobuta Pork Buns have finally landed at Douzo, and we can't hide the excitement., Welcome Home Sockeye Salmon! You sure look good...who's ready to taste?!, Red, White, & Blue Douzo Style! Happy 4th of July!!!, Our staff's creativity just keeps getting better and better! Way to go Pam for helping us all indulge in these macaroons, Green Tea, Yuzu, and Ume flavored., Dear friend Hell's Kitchen is coming to Boston 
http://www.fox.com/hellskitchen/

Again, the first step for anybody interested is applying is to give me a call (310-313-9100) or shoot me an email at greg@theconlincompany.com so I can tell them a little about the show and ask them a few questions.
 
The next step would be to fill out the application here:
 
http://www.theconlincompany.com/now-casting/hells-kitchen/
 
We are then having an open casting call in Boston on Monday, July 8th:

Where: Abby Lane, 255 Tremont St., Boston, MA 02116
When: Monday, July 8th from 9 AM - 3PM
Additional info: Applicants are encouraged to fill out the online application, as well as come to the open call. By filling out the application ahead of time, producers can have a chance to review the application in advance. It’s also important to remember that this is an audition for “Hell’s Kitchen,” NOT a job interview. Applicants should come with lots of energy and ready to show us who they are, and why they should be on the next season of “Hell’s Kitchen!” Potential Applicants should wear their uniforms or what they cook in,  but won't be cooking on site and should leave the cookware at home.
 
Please feel free to post and/or email it out to anybody and everybody! If you or anybody else have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me anytime!
 
 
Thanks,
Greg Feltes, Saketini with watermelon caviar. Experimenting at the bar all summer long!, We are celebrating the first day of Summer with our Watermelon Martini! Wanna join?, Don't make Dad do all the grilling! Celebrate Father's Day with a platter of Douzo Ribs. Call in your order or stop in to treat Dad., Happy Father's Day to all fathers out there,,, thank you for all hard work provide to family, The Douzo Family congratulates Jack Huang for receiving the esteemed Father of the Year award presented by the American Diabetes Association! We are honored to know Jack and to be inspired by his dedication to our restaurant, staff, and his family all year long., We will be serving the full menu in the Lounge and at the Bar all evening.  The Dining Room will be closed for a private event and re-opening at 7:30. See you tonight!, Celebrate your colors with our Rainbow Roll!, In favor of superstition we are keeping the Bruins Roll alive on the menu for one more week. Go Bruins!, Sushi Shark Attack, Come get adventurous tonight with beautifully bright Japanese Uni., Get your summer started with our Grilled Tortilla Tuna Pizza!, Bacardi ambassador Heath pouring the next round of a 4 course Sushi and Bacardi dinner., Kumamoto oyster sushi. Simply delicious., The Bruins Roll is on the menu and the Bruins will be on all 8 TVs. Twice the Bruins, Twice the Fun., You don't have to go deep sea fishing to enjoy Kinmadai this week. Just stop into Douzo to get your fill!, One fish two fish red fish blue fish-  Oh, the Places You'll Go!  Cheer's to  all the graduates!!, Happy Mother's Day! Celebrate with sushi!, The King is in the house! Alaskan King Crab that is., I spy with my prawn eye..., Celebrate Cinco de Mayo without the salsa!  Come enjoy a burrito roll and spicy mango margarita at Douzo., Great cause with a great view for the event at The State Room, Live Scallops at Douzo! Come and get them!, This week we are featuring Hirame Usuzukuri with a Yellow Pepper Sauce. Delicate and Delicious!, Spring is here and so is our new cocktail list. Stop in on your Sunday stroll and try a Kentucky Mule, Sake Sipper or a Ginger Collins!, Out of great concern to our guests and staff members, we will remain closed for the evening.  We will get through this, please stay safe., We will not be opening this afternoon, due to the current activity in the city.  We urge everyone to stay safe during this time., Our thoughts are with everyone that was affected by this heartbreaking tragedy. We have closed early this evening. Please stay safe., Tasty Tuna Tempura, Can't get enough of...Octopus Ceviche!, "What is that? I want to eat it...", Don't be an April Fool... Brighten up this rainy day with octopus ceviche!, Start the weekend early with seared toro, black pepper, shiitake mushroom and red caviar. Happy Thursday!, Come enjoy beautiful food on a beautiful day at Douzo!, Finish St. Patrick's Day right with uni and quail egg shooters !, Douzo is making lots of friends at the Seafood Show! Come in and let us show you why..., Welcome Seafood Show...Let's share the fun!, While you are shoveling out we are getting ready for dinner service. See you tonight!!, Happy Birthday to Misao Okawa, the oldest women in the world, she turned 115, and her Birthday meal was Sushi. 
Live long and prosper... with Sushi!!, Order an omakase and let our chefs do the thinking for you!, Happy Birthday to us! Happy Birthday to us! Happy Birthday to us!
Thank you to our great guests, friends, and staff for another wonderful year., Go to the Phoenix and vote for our Phoenix in the 2013 Best Restaurant Sushi category.  categoryhttp://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/Boston/2013/votes#Food, Sunday Night Sushi Boat!, Get your truffle on with Seared Kobe Beef, ginger soy, truffle oil and caviar., null, Ring around the Crispy Toro!, Cozy up to some Seasoned Yellowtail before the next storm..., Maybe you are like us and have to work tomorrow; well we have an option for tonight for you and that someone special, Dear Customer,,, we know everyone has very busy schedule,, just want to remind you this Thursday is right around corner,incase you have not make any plan yet, join us for our special valentines day menu,,looking forward serve all of you, After shoveling all day come in and warm up with your loved one for our First Night of Love!! 3 course menu for two people for $69 offered this evening through Thursday night., We are open!!
Come in and warm up with a complimentary Miso Soup. 
We salute the great City workers that are getting Boston cleaned up!!
Any city snow plow driver that comes in tonight gets a discount equal to the official snowfall in Boston., null, We took advantage of some extra time today and did a test plating presentation. This is the Omakase that will be served for the Five Nights of Love menu. 
Yes we are celebrating Valentines for 5 nights: 
Sunday night 2.10 through Thursday 2.14.13.  
You can reserve a table right from our facebook page., We are open for lunch till 2:00. Stop by and say hi to Patrick who is on the bar today., Thursday has arrived and so have our new specials! This week featuring salmon tataki., null, Sunday 2.10.13- 2.14.13, We think our staff is great!!, !!!Can we get a HOOT!!
Tomorrow Sunday 2.3.13 we will be closed for Staff appreciation Day.  Our staff has worked long and hard all year to take care of our wonderful guest, so Sunday we will be taking care of our crew and having a company party., Guess the total weight of the fresh Tuna that came into Basho/Douzo. The closest guess with out going over wins a Spicy Tuna roll., Thursday's specials are out and our Aji Tataki speaks for itself!, Would you survive in "sushi jungle?", Hurry in before 3pm to grab our Lunch Specials. For this week our Douzo Lunch Set is Chicken Tempura and Miso Yaki!!! One of many favorites., Have you ever tasted our in house smoked yellowtail "pastrami"? Douzo Delicious., Craving something different off our Specials List this week? Revisit the Dynamite Roll..., We are taste testing cocktails for the new beverage menu.
Any takers?, In the Fenway Triangle area during the day, our sister restaurant BASHO will now be open for lunch! Go in and check out their new menu!, We have a health option for Playoff platter's, We're so psyched about the Bruins' opening night we named this week's specialty roll in honor of them!, Get Excited! Our new Additions for this week., http://thelennyzakimfund.org/home/casino-night, null, null, New Bar Menu Basho Japanese Brasserie,,,
neeed place to enjoy game and hv health good food????, can you guess where is this beautiful bar with 2 big 60inch tvs???
you got it right,,, Basho Japanese Brasserie,,, our sister restaurant, Hi all,,,, hv you see redesigned our sister restaurant at Fenway Park-Basho Japanese Brasserie... I urgent you check it out,,, 
new vibe,,,, you got to go see it your self,,, new Bar great, cocktail list,,, new Bar menue, check it out,,, you will be very happy, Dean, we are very impressed with your selections this evening!, This Week's Additions!, we need more people like our page,,, then we can starting offering online facebook deal,.,,, pls help is make it happened, Congrat winners who participating trivia on Douzo birthday,,, here is winner list 
Janie Piper
John Graham
Brian R Sisitzlly
Moulay Ismail Guessous
You will received $15.00 gift card from Douzo, Reserve a Table!

bit.ly/UmBCoP, Open Table is being installed and online reservations are coming soon!!, Open Table is being installed and online reservations are coming soon!!, Who can tell me Douzo' birthday? There is prize waiting for you, congratulations on your engagement, null, Behind the scenes with Evan Martin shooting video for a Magical Night at Douzo., Thank you TV Diner for including us in the top 5 Best Sushi in Boston, Thank you TV Diner for including us in the top 5 Best Sushi in Boston, Christopher Huang http://christopherhuang.com, A Magical Night at Douzo 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Eb2y8D8IfI&feature=em-share_video_in_list_user&list=UUmmAq8ETTziU5Sq0hssY-Zg, null, null, Happy New Year!
From the entire staff at Douzo, Great pictures by Brian Samuels Photography, Behind the scenes with Evan Martin shooting video for a Magical Night at Douzo., null)