List(Mentally we have to stay strong., We still can make a jump and make a run for it., #Squad, We’ve had some ups and downs, but we are finding ways to win games., Can't believe I missed Jalapeno..., null, The challenge is pretty tough right now. But that’s why we are pros., Good luck to the all #KCA nominees today, I look forward to watching with PJ!, Preparing for tonight..., The D Rose 6 Florist City Collection featuring intimate detailing of Illinois’ state flower, the violet, is available March 18th! adidas Basketball, null, Just have to go out and continue to compete., That’s a memory that we’re always going to cherish. That’s something we are going to blow up, have it in his room; we’ve got to make the most of that. It’s Kobe, the last game., We gotta stay together, through the good, bad and ugly., Let's get it., Back home tonight!, When you win it takes care of a lot of things., Checked out Kung Fu Panda with the little man today.  PJ loved it!, It's all about running., S/O to my guy Jimmy Butler on the well deserved All-Star selection!, Let's start this trip off right., Let's get it!, D Rose 6 Black History Month edition celebrating track and field legend Jesse Owens and other African-American role models, available now! adidas Basketball, null, #MLKDay, See y'all tonight! NBA on TNT, D Rose 6 Chinese New Year edition celebrating The Year of the Monkey droppin Feb 5th... What do you guys think?  adidas Basketball, Felt good last night, glad we could get that W, Happy New Year!, null, Chi-Town, Merry Christmas!!!, Let's get it, Bulls on the run, adidas Basketball bringing it with the Christmas Day D Rose 6 this year... what do you think?, Big win for us last night!, null, adidas Basketball shopping spree for the After School Matters kids!, Let's keep it rolling Chicago Bulls, Happy Thanksgiving!!!, Every day is a chance to get better, adidas Basketball coming with the D Rose 6 Iridescent on 11/27... What do you guys think?, Thanks for all the love on my PJ shirt! You can gtab yours at ZipTanks.com, We’re happy we won, but at the same time we’re happy we got the experience of being in a situation like that - getting defensive stops when we need them and getting a lead like that., Christmas day jersey and kicks from adidas Basketball!!! What do y'all think of this year's jersey?, Chicago: if you are trying to pick up that Yeezy season 1, stop by adidas Style Chicago on Oak St. today... copped mine already!, Huge win for us last night!, Chicago Bulls basketball is baaaaaaccccckkkkkkkkkkk!!!!, null, null, Felt great to be back out there with my teammates, Talking kicks!, The #DRose6 is here! Home version drops today.  Check em out at: derrickro.se/drose6, Introducing the South Side Lux #DRose6 from adidas Basketball - available October 15., null, #DRose6 Home dropping October 15th.... Can't wait for you guys to try these out!, Good times at the #TakeOnSummer 4 on 4 tourney... Fans out here love hoops!, null, Good meeting Oficial Giovani Dos Santos last night at the Los Angeles Dodgers game, null, What's good Facebook?  Wanted to give you guys a little preview of the adidas Basketball D Rose 6, dropping this fall. Let me know what you think!, Good times checking out the adidas Nations Global Championship Game last night.  #adidasUprising, null, Getting some shots up, #TBT to a little NBA Summer League, #JustAKid from Diamond Bar out there on the game's biggest stage.  Good luck to Alex Morgan and the #USWNT tonight vs Germany!, Kicking it here in Chicago with my adidas Basketball fam, can’t wait to show you what we got coming next season.  #teamadidas, Good luck to all the players fulfilling a dream tonight. We’re all #JustAKid from somewhere. #TBT, Congrats to the Chicago Blackhawks, Stanley Cup champs!  #ChiTown, #TBT Just a kid from Chicago, A huge thank you to the best fans in sports for all the support this year.....We'll be back.  Chicago Bulls, null, We lost the game, but I love our mentality. The way the guys were talking in the locker room; we know we had the opportunity to put them away and we didn’t. I’m not concerned at all. I think we’re a quick learning team, and we’ve just got to chalk this one up and make sure we’re prepared next time., null, null, null, It’s going to be a battle…This is what we’ve been waiting for the entire year., null, No time to let up now. #SeeRed, Hope you all take a second to vote for my teammates Joakim Noah and Pau Gasol for the NBA Cares Community Assist Award! Comment below using #JoakimNoah, #PauGasol AND #NBACommunityAssist  to vote., null, null, #SeeRed, It was fun to be out there in front of the home fans and appreciate all the support and love they showed.  I'm happy to be playing again, excited and winning games. That’s what it’s all about., null, Trying to learn from my mistakes and get better every game  http://bit.ly/1DQLPnL, I felt good to be back.  I didn't feel any discomfort at all, so that's a good sign., Pau Gasol!!!!, #ChicagoBasketball, Everybody check out www.rockyourdrop.com and help support Noah's Arc Foundation put an end to the violence in Chicago. #RockYourDrop, null, null, See y'all tonight at the UC #SeeRed, Still not where we want to be but good way to start a long home stand, stay warm #chiberia #tbt, Ready to get back to it. #SeeRed, It meant a lot to spend time with a kid who is going through what he’s going through.  It puts everything into perspective and lets you know that there is more going on in the world than basketball. He’s a kid who loves the game., null, null, null, null, This moment. It’s mine. I own it. adidas, Be on the lookout for the  D Rose 5 Boost “Superstar” edition from adidas Basketball dropping February 12th!, null, adidas Basketball dropping the D Rose 5 Boost Brenda on the 5th.. What do you think?, Missed a lot of shots, but it’s not about that; it’s about winning, Congrats to Pau Gasol on a well deserved all-star selection!, null, null, It was great to win.  You can feel the energy in the locker room now. We’re heading in the right direction., #ChicagoBasketball, Happy New Years!!!, #SeeRed, Merry Christmas!  Blessings to you and yours., null, See y'all tonight at the United Center! #SeeRed, Congrats Jimmy Butler on the well deserved Player of the Month award, null, adidas Basketball bringing it with the All-Star jerseys this year... What do y'all think?, null, null, Tim NEVER gets this excited, null, #TBT #ChicagoBasketball Jabari Parker, I wasn't 100 percent but I felt like we needed the win.  Just tried to come out there and do anything it takes to get the win with my teammates., #chicagobasketball is home., null, Good to be back!, NBA ball is back!  See you at the Garden tomorrow, Chicago always shows love!, Had a great time with my fans yesterday for the #DRose5 launch event. Thank you all who came out to say what’s up!, Just got sent this pic of fans lined up to get their #DRose5 #Boost this morning.... Man, my fans always show so much love!  Blessed to have so much support.  Appreciate y'all!, The #DRose5 #Boost is here! You can grab em in stores or at http://bit.ly/1zmdCda, I’m going to be at Foot Locker on State St. this Saturday at 2:30pm. Come say what’s up!, null, Appreciate the time and the article ESPN The Magazine http://bit.ly/1xTgaem, null, #DRose5 Boost drops on 10/23!, null, null, Appreciate all the birthday messages!, Checking in from camp , null, D Rose 5's for Media Day adidas Basketball #Boost, Go Bulls, #TBT , null, 2 weeks till Chicago Bulls training camp!, I will say, just being here, God is good.  Just having the opportunity to come over here, and be on another great team and playing for the great staff they have, it's an honor and I'm just trying to take it all in right now.  This can be a great start for me for the upcoming season, but for now i'm just trying to take all this in and celebrate a little bit., null, One more...., Truly thankful and blessed to have over 10 million fans here on Facebook.  Appreciate you all!, Coach Thibs got a solid chest pass!, null, null, Stay blessed!!!, null, Another good day of practice, #TBT adidas Basketball Boost Launch with Greg Anthony... Any of y'all tried boost yet?, Was great to meet Javi Martínez, good luck on the rehab and recovery! #TeamAdidas, Next up, Barcelona, USA Basketball vs. the Dominican Republic at 3:30 pm EDT on ESPN2 today... Who's tuning in? , null, Bilbao Spain!, #TBT #USA FIBA World Cup starts Saturday!, Behind the scenes in Gran Canaria, The team has a lot of confidence right now.  We know where we are at and we are just trying to get better every day., null, USA Basketball vs the Dominican Republic tonight!  Check us out at the Garden or on NBA TV at 7:00 EST.  #USA, null, Felt great to play in front of the amazing fans in Chicago, appreciate the warm reception, null, Who's coming out to the UC tomorrow?, Broke out the adidas Basketball D Rose 5 USA Player Edition today. Can't wait for y'all to hoop in these., Ready for work USA Basketball, Shout out to the Skullcandy crew for sending through the new Sport Performance Line  #PushPlay, Always good chatting with Grant Hill , Highlights from the adidas Basketball #Boost launch event in Vegas.  Appreciate everyone who came out to check it out! , Getting my mind right with my Skullcandy Crushers....What are you guys listening to these days?, USA Basketball showcase scrimmage tonight! Check us out on ESPN at 6:00 PST, See you soon Chicago http://bit.ly/UEolwK, Hanging with Mesut Özil at practice today #teamadidas, null, null, null, null, USA PE of the new adidas Basketball D Rose 5 Boost.  Feeling great so far.  What do y'all think?, USA Basketball Day 1 , This is only the beginning of a long journey. But my confidence level is through the roof., null, null, Time for USA Basketball, #Boost changes everything, Can’t wait for y’all to try out #Boost.  The real deal. adidas Basketball, #SeeRed, Good luck to everyone in the Powerade Jam Fest tonight & to the players suiting up for the McDonald's game at the United Center on Wednesday... Was a great experience when I participated, Thanks adidas Basketball for the HARD work! It motivates me to keep GRINDING, We just couldn’t make any shots in the second half,  Shots weren’t falling for us. Eventually, we tried different things and it wasn’t working. If anything we can learn from this. When we’re playing a team like this we have to be disciplined and get back in transition. They are a team where anybody can shoot anywhere., #VoteBulls http://allstarballot.nba.com/ballot?referrer=asb14_chi&cid=asb14_chi, null, #JingleHoops, Happy Veterans Day! I'm very thankful for the great sacrifices the service members and their families make for our country., null, Appreciate the support Giordano's Pizza!  , The new ball from my friends at Wilson Basketball is here.  Check it out  http://bit.ly/WilsonRoseBall, Coming home last night and seeing how the fans supported me - it’s a blessing to be in the position I’m in., I’m disappointed in the loss but it’s something we can learn from. It’s not the end of the world; it’s not the playoffs where we’re going to be eliminated. We can fix things - a learning experience., I'm loving every moment of being back out there. Every second, I'm loving it. I'm back playing the sport that I love., Our goal is winning the title. We're not worried about anything else. We're not worried about what people say about us or what's going on on the outside. We're just about the Bulls and how good we can get every day., The making of "Basketball is Everything", The #DRose4 is here http://bit.ly/OrderDRose4, Stopping by the adidas store in Rio with Jo, It felt great, normal.  I’d been preparing myself for this moment for the last year and a half now.  Knowing how blessed I am to be stepping back on the court, especially with these guys who are so dedicated to making this team better. I’m fortunate to be on this team and blessed to be in this organization and playing for Thibs and this coaching staff., Thanks for all the birthday love! adidas Basketball is helping me give away some autographed shoes to thank you guys, check it out…, null, Basketball is Everything, null, Here are some pics of the new #DRose4.  Hope y'all like them!  They're out Oct 10th, but you can preorder them now at http://bit.ly/Rose4PreOrder, Appreciate everyone who came out to the UC this weekend!, My only goal is to win a championship, adidas Basketball and I are thanking fans in Chicago and launching my new shoe today! Check out the the livestream at 3pm CT, I'm all in for Chicago, S/O to the Skullcandy fam for the custom Crushers for my trip, null, Me and mom, From wayyyy downtown In Hangzhou, Amazing turnout in Wuhan, Getting some shots up, adidas Basketball jump store in Beijing, Paris, I appreciate you all for the support!, null, Serbia with adidas Basketball - Appreciate all the fans that came out to support, Jump House: London, What a trip!  Milan, Belgrade, Zagreb, London, Paris, and Madrid.  Thanks to all the fans who made some time to come by!, Last stop: Madrid!, Thanks to everyone in London who came by!, Seeing the world! #Blessed, Belgrade!, Croatia!, Milan!, Speaking with the adidas fam at HQ, What's good London?  I’m coming to visit on July 10th.  To get the latest info about my visit and to learn how you can #jumpwithdrose make sure you follow @adidasUK on Twitter., I will be in Paris at #droseplace on July 12th and 13th .   Very much looking forward to seeing all my fans in France!  More info at the link below., null, What's good y'all?, #TBT: NBA Draft Day!, If your local court could use some work, Powerade is here to help... Check this out , In the gym working out, listening to Born Sinner by J.Cole.  How's everyone doing today?, Good luck to everyone playing in the NCAA Championship game tonight, it will be a day you'll never forget.... Crazy that 5 years have already gone by!, Congrats and best of luck to the McDonald’s All Americans taking the court tonight at the UC. Enjoy the moment! Ladies on ESPNU at 6pm CT and the fellas on ESPN at 8:30pm CT., Shoutout to the McDonald's All Americans who will be showing off their dunks and skills at the POWERADE JamFest tonight. If you're in Chi, check them out at the University of Chicago.... If you can't make it, you can tune in on ESPNU at 8pmCT., null, What's the most important thing in life? To me, it's FAMILY...If you take away the fame & fortune they're the ones that will always be there, PJ, It can be within a couple of weeks. It could be next year. It could be any day. It could be any time.  It's just that I'm not coming back until I'm ready. With all the hard work I've been putting into my craft, I think I'm going to be OK. I'm not coming back until I'm 110%.....Right now, I'm probably in the high 80s, Fellas, if you're really trying to impress her......, Excited to see what y'all can design!  , null, Hope y'all like them!  , Anything is possible, Merry Christmas!!!! Hope you have a wonderful and blessed day!, You guys checked out my playlist on the Skullcandy site? Always looking for new tunes, so let me know any suggestions for music to check out., Rose 3 Nightmare Edition coming out soon.... Like em? , It's always great to meet the fans out there.  Check out my latest video for Giordano's Pizza called "The Surprise", If you missed the final episode of The Return, check it out here:  , Final episode of The Return.  Hope y'all have enjoyed watching., null, Happy Thanksgiving!, null, Happy Veterans Day to all my friends in the service and all the brave men and women who have and continue to serve our country.  Thank you!!!!!!, My lil man, My City. My Pie. Giordano's Pizza is definitely #The1, Go Bulls, Check out these pink Mix Masters Skullcandy made for me for Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Join me and Skullcandy in the fight against breast cancer. They'll donate $1 to the American Cancer Society for every "share" of this photo, up to $5,000. Get sharing!, "There's only one thing on my list, and that's to go win a championship.  That's what drives me to become a better player" - Derrick Rose #TheReturn  http://youtu.be/fG0QtdHw1Og, I was up early thinking about how time goes by. I miss the times I had at the University of Memphis with my teammates and how much fun we had. Memphis will always be my second home no matter what! Yall showed me a lot of love and for that I will always stay loyal to you all. Five years has passed and it seems I just left there!, Episode 5 of The Return: Drive, ESPN Interview: Discussing rehab, patience, and expectations., The Rose 3 officially launched today!  I'm really excited about this shoe and think it's our best work yet.  Hope you guys get a chance to check them out.  Let me know what you think.  http://www.adidas.com/us/product/mens-basketball-rose-3-shoes/SO045?cid=G48788, Thank you for all the birthday wishes! It's humbling and I'm truly blessed to have so many amazing fans all of the world supporting me.  Thanks!, #TheReturn Episode 4: Push, Media Day interview, NBA 2K13 featuring Derrick Rose on the cover is officially out!  Get your copy at: http://bit.ly/order2k13  If you've already got it, what do you think?, Media Day, First game of NBA 2K13, New adidas Basketball commercial out today.... What do you think?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Throwback Thursday: Derrick Rose at Simeon High, The Return: Episode 3 - Focus, Rose 3 launch, Me and the fam at the Rose 3 launch event in Chicago last week, Back in the gym with Kevin and Russell Westbrook today, Trying to get some feedback... Do you guys like the new logo?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Today's the big day! Launching my new shoe, the D Rose 3. Check out the launch event live at 10:15 CDT. I'm very excited about this new collection and think it's the best work  adidas Basketball  and I have done yet. Hope you like it!, Hope the Chicago public schools get a deal done soon...we need our kids in school!, Go Bears, Episode 2: #TheReturn, Throwback Thursday, Just put together a playlist for you all of some of the stuff  I'm listening to now.  You can listen to it on the Skullcandy website.  Hope you guys like it.... What are you listening to these days? Anything I need to check out?, Hope everyone has a great weekend!, Me and my Mom/Dad lol.  Love her to death!, If you missed it, here's episode 1 of The Return.  Stay tuned for the rest., Here’s the first episode, hope y'all like it! #TheReturn , Bowling with the Fam last night... What's going on with you this weekend?, Working hard every day to get back, Feels good to get back in this gym!, Good to be back in Chicago, null, Congrats USA Basketball for getting the gold! Shout out to Russ, KD, LeBron, K Love, Kobe, CP3, the young fella Anthony Davis and everyone on Team USA. Wish I could have been out there with them, but proud of all the guys., What's up everyone?  I've seen a lot of you ask me to start a Twitter account, so I decided to give it a try to let you all follow my journey back to the court.   Make sure to check me out @drose, Congrats Maya Moore Candace Parker Diana Taurasi and the whole US Women's basketball team on winning the Olympic gold... 5 Straight!, Checking in with you all....Working hard in rehab to get back to full strength. Thanks for all your posts and the continued support, it means a lot to me and is appreciated., It's official: Derrick Rose has been named a cover athlete for NBA 2K13!, Playoffs.....See Red, 5 Million Facebook fans?.... Wow, truly blessed.  Thanks for all the continued support.  I appreciate you all., Thank you GQ for the honor of being on the cover....Hope you guys get a chance to check out the issue. http://www.gq.com/sports/profiles/201205/derrick-rose-interview-gq-may-2012, "I’m just happy we got the win, that’s the only thing that matters to me. C.J. and the other bench guys played great. They’re the reason we won. My shot wasn’t falling. Shots I usually hit I wasn’t hitting but my teammates had my back and I’m happy I have them." - Derrick Rose on the Bulls overtime win over the Heat., Warming up with the team tonight. If I feel good when I'm out there, I'm definitely going to play. If not, we'll be smart, null, Check out the WORLD PREMIERE of adidas We All Run Commercial featuring Katy Perry, David Beckham, Leo Messi and me.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzKXoZbghEg  
, Seeing the signs around town for the McDonald’s All-American Game and the POWERADE ION4 Jamfest in Chicago this week....Takes me right back to my own experience playing in the game.  Loved playing in that one., The story you'll remember is never the one everyone believes is about to happen. #PowerThrough , null, "I thought I was going to be back sooner. I’m missing big games that I hate to miss, like the one tonight.  It’s definitely been frustrating.  This is the most I’ve ever been injured in my life. The biggest thing is just staying strong mentally. We’re playing good right now. It’s definitely hurting me but I'm keeping a positive attitude." - Derrick Rose discusses his groin injury, Who you got in the Final Four? National Champions?, "It's a great feeling. As a kid those are the things you dream about. It felt good man." - Derrick Rose after hitting the game winner to beat the Bucks.  , My man Adam Turner always brings it with the shoe reviews on YouTube, so adidas Basketball brought him down to Orlando to review my All-Star shoes. I got a chance to surprise him during his filming with a visit to say hello.... Check it out., Hanging with Russ, Skullcandy Photo Shoot, NBA Cares Day of Service, Media at adidas appearance, Signing some autographs, Media at adidas appearance, Adidas appearance, NBA portraits, Heading to the game with Luol, 2012 Eastern Conference All-Star Team, Adidas appearance, Heading to the game with Luol, Adidas appearance, NBA Cares Day of Service, Adidas appearance, Congrats to my man RGIII on joining the Adidas family.  Looking forward to big things from you in the future! , Checking in from Orlando... Thanks for helping me get here! , Derrick Rose's top 10 plays of the first half.  Which is your favorite?, Thanks Julian.... Keep pushing on man.  , "It's killing me not being able to play, especially this game.  It's been hurting the whole trip, but I just played through it. It tended to get worse after every game. I was really worried about it, but I'm trying to stay positive. I don't know what the diagnosis is. I just know my back is not right.  Hopefully, I'll get treatments and it calms down." - Derrick Rose discussing the back injury that held him out of today's game., Congrats to my man Luol Deng on his All-Star nomination!  He deserves it, been an all-star for this team for a while., Patriots or Giants? Who you got?, My newest shoe, the adiZero Rose 2.5, came out this week.  Hope you guys get a chance to check them out and let me know what you think.  Here's a link to my review if you want to find out more about them.   http://youtu.be/JGFdxbuXRP8, Thank you!  Excited to be heading back to the All-Star game.  I appreciate you all out there supporting me.  , "It was definitely tough. All I can say is I guess God does everything for a reason. I've been in those situations before, knocked them down, but to miss both [free throws] -- I let my team down. The only thing I can do is learn from it. It's just going to make me a stronger player and it's onto the next game." - Derrick Rose after Sunday's loss to the Heat, It's NBA FIT Live Healthy week, and as a member of NBA Fit Team I want to make sure you all get out there and get active.  Check out http://www.nba.com/nbafit/ for some tips on how you can get fit and live healthy.  , Sneaker Stories: Introducing the adiZero Rose 2.5, the 4th shoe in my signature collection. I'll be wearing them in the 2nd half of the season. Check out the video and let me know what you think? , "[President Barack Obama] is my guy. If we make it to the Finals, he promised me that he'd be there, so I'm holding him to that promise" - Derrick Rose, What's everyone's New Years resolution in 2012? For those who are looking to hit the gym and get stronger this year, check out the offer from my friends at Force Factor at the link below. Let's hear those resolutions and make sure to stick to them! , We got 5 Chicago Bulls on the All-Star ballot... think we can have an all-Chicago starting five for the East this year? Let's see what you got Bulls fans!   http://on.nba.com/allstarballot, Happy New Years everyone!, Merry Christmas!!!!!!, Who wants some adidas Originals? If you can solve clues like this photo you could win some great prizes by playing the game at: http://www.adidas.com/originals/getthegift  Good luck, but I'm warning you, it's tough!!!, It is a dream come true to play for the Chicago Bulls, and with this new contract the dream continues. I am very thankful to Jerry Reinsdorf and the Chicago Bulls organization, my teammates and coaches, and to the city of Chicago. It is an honor to play in the city that I grew up in, and I am very appreciative of this opportunity with my hometown Bulls. I want all of our fans out there to know that I am committed to one goal and that is winning an NBA championship for Chicago., Happy Holidays from everyone at the Bulls, Gameday!, Great to be back in camp with all my teammates, What's the point of endorsing a game if you can't hook up all your friends?  For today only there's a great deal on Assassin's Creed, only $35 for all my fans.  If you haven't gotten it yet, check it out!  http://amzn.to/ACOffer, One hour to get them.... clock's ticking!  http://bit.ly/s7aIpr   , Last flash sale is today! The Luxury Hardwood edition going on sale for just an hour today at 6:00 CST.  Stay tuned to adidas Basketball for all the details.  , 1-hour flash sale for the Windy City colorway is live now!  I'll be wearing these in the Christmas day game.  If you want to get them before they're officially released, grab em now at: http://bit.ly/WindyCitySale   , Nice to get back to the practice facility today and see some familiar faces., ESPN the Mag Q and A, Who's out there braving those Black Friday crowds? Heard it's madness!  Luckily since I'm working with Assassin's Creed they sent me a box full of games to hook up all my friends who been bugging me for a copy…. Good for me too bc it means I can whoop em up in the online version! , Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, Flash sale is live! You've got an hour to pick up the Wolverine edition today, or wait until it officially launches in December. Free ground shipping as well. Enjoy! , Check me out in the new Assassin's Creed Revelations commercial! Game dropped yesterday, so check it out and let me know what you think , What's in my bag?  Check out the video to see what you'll find me traveling with.  , A shot from today's Force Factor appearance at GNC here in LA... Met some great people.  Thanks to everyone who came out!, Sale started... Only an hour to grab em!  , Happy Halloween everyone.  What are you dressing up as?, The second game on our Hoops for Troops trip in hawaii will tip off in about 30 minutes. Check out the live stream at the link below if you want to catch the game. Tip off at 10:00 PM PST! , Y'all wanna watch some hoops? First Hoops for Troops exhibition game will be streaming live in about an hour (10:00 PM PST) at the link below... enjoy! , Me, Robin, and Al about to ride in the tank in Honolulu, Hawaii, null, USO Hoops for Troops, Robin and I getting ready for a ride in the Stryker... Gonna be crazy!, On the bus heading to Schofield Barracks to meet the service members on the USO Hoops for Troops trip here in Hawaii.  Tyreke Evans sitting in front of me taking in the scenery., Doing a review of the adiZero Rose 2.0... I always enjoy checking out all your reviews so we decided I should do one myself.  , Had such a great time today... thanks to everyone that made it out to the game.  If you didn't make it, here's the replay: http://on.fb.me/runwithrose_replay, Ready to play! Thanks for coming out...love to be back on the court in Chicago.

Watch it live here: http://on.fb.me/runwithrose_live, We just got to the gym and a lot of you made it down here.  The game starts in an hour.  Who’s watching it live on Facebook?

Watch Live: http://on.fb.me/runwithrose_live
, Thanks to everyone who made it down to the adidas store to say whats up today…  Who's making it to the game this afternoon to celebrate the launch of the adiZero Rose 2?  If you cant join, watch it live here at 3:15: http://on.fb.me/runwithrose_live, Alright everyone, last clue.  Check out the pictures to find out where the game is.  Here’s a hint for you…. The location and the password are not the same.  Lookin forward to playing with some of ya’ll this afternoon., Last clue.  Good luck figuring out the password and location!.... Think I should take it easy on em when we're playing tomorrow?  , Fourth Clue.... Who's got this thing figured out?  Looking forward to running with a few of y'all on Saturday, Anyone figure out the password yet?  , Here's the 2nd clue... In case you missed the announcement, I'm hosting a game this Saturday in Chicago and looking for some of you to join me.  I'll be posting clues all week as to where the game is and the password.... All the details at on.fb.me/RunWithRose , To celebrate the launch of the adiZero Rose 2, I'm setting up a game this Saturday and am looking for some of my Facebook friends to come play with me and my crew.  Here's how you get in the game: adidas Basketball and I will be posting clues on Facebook all week letting you know where/when the game is and the password for entry.  First people to get to the location on Saturday and that know the password will get a chance to play… And for all those not in Chicago, we'll stream the game so you can check it out.  If you want in on the action, all the details can be found at the link below, I know y'all loved The Bull commercial, so check out the behind the scenes of the shoot.......Had a great time making it.  , My second signature shoe, the adiZero Rose 2, launches today and it’s taking over the Eastbay homepage. Check em out if you're looking to pick up a pair., adiZero Rose 2.0 drops tomorrow!!! Let me know if you get a chance to check it out., Thanks for all the birthday wishes!, Here's a video on last weeks event at Murray Park.... Anybody had a chance to check out the court?, Nice work y'all! What do you think?, Some more pics from yesterday's event at Murray Park, You guys trying to check out this commercial?  Still need to unlock it! http://on.fb.me/UnleashTheBull, The commercial I filmed in Spain this summer is ready to drop but we need your help to "Unleash the Bull".... To unlock the full video visit: http://on.fb.me/UnleashTheBull

Here's the teaser...., Great day today at Murray Park!  I'm fortunate to have the opportunity to give back to my community and want to thank all those who helped make this happen. This is where I grew up playing and this court brings people together, so Im very happy to be part of renovating it for the neighborhood and the kids there today., Very excited to unveil the new Murray Park Playground and basketball courts today! Thanks to POWERADE ION4, Wilson Basketball, adidas Basketball The Wasserman Foundation, McDonald's, Skullcandy and everyone else who made this project a reality! Will share some photos later after the event., Check the vid for those that want want to learn more about the adiZero Rose 2.0.... Only 15 minutes left to get them if you want them before the Oct 6th release date.  Sale link is: http://bit.ly/adizerorose2flashsale , adiZero Rose are available now for one hour only! adidas Basketball & I wanted to thank all the Facebook fans out there for the support so we're giving you guys first crack at them. Official release comes on Oct 6th, so if you want them, grab them now! Click the link below to order. , For all those looking to get their hands on the adiZero Rose 2.0 before the official release in October, adidas Basketball is holding a 1-hour flash sale today for Facebook fans at 7:00 EST/4:00 PST ....Stay tuned and I'll send out the link later, AdiZero Rose 2 release just around the corner!  What do you guys think of the look?, null, null, null, One of my favorite pics from the trip!, null, null, showing off my puppet skills, null, Check out the 2.0's!!!!, Got my Taiwanese nickname, basketball clinic.  I was impressed with a lot of the talent!, basketball clinic, Still got that first step, A shot with the MVPs, Saying hi to the fans, basketball clinic, showing off the new adiZero 2.0, Talking with the crowd about the new adiZero Rose 2.0, Shoe lacing contest, Watching the kids play, These guys can ball!, Introducing the adiZero Rose 2.0, Y'all think I'm getting to the rim on this one?  ;), Getting some run in, Got to check out the Bernabeu, Real Madrid's stadium.  That must be quite a place to play!!, Big thanks to my Skullcandy fam for surprising me with this gift!  Pretty cool huh?, What's up everyone? How was your weekend?, null, null, Great deals from Force Factor for all the workout fans out there... Only available today and tomorrow though! , Great week of training.  Just hit a personal best with my adidas miCoach.... Who's working hard this summer?, Just touched down in the Philippines!! Some serious hoop fans out here!  Who's coming to see us play?, Not a bad squad, eh?, Great workout this morning with Russell Westbrook Tyreke Evans and Al Horford, Back in the gym this week, I appreciate all of you all who voted for me for the ESPYS.  Thanks!
, What's good everyone? How's the summer treating you?, Thanks to all the fans that voted for their favorite design for the new Wilson Basketball MVP ball.  You can check them out at http://bit.ly/iQoY2M , Happy 4th of July everyone!  What are your plans to celebrate?, Who's next on the table?, Good luck to everyone in the draft tonight.  Who you guys like in this year's class?, This Friday at Excalibur Nightclub come party with me at my M.V.P Party brought to you by TeamRose and Go2Birdie. Hosted by Floyd Mayweather and Taj Gibson. performance by Wale. music by Dj Pharris and Dj Sean Mac. Biggest party of the year, you do not want to miss this.. other Celebrity guest include Kevin Durant, Russell Westbrook and John Wall among others., Big Sean putting down the Crazy Light remix!, Who y'all taking in the game tonight?, What's good everyone? How's your weekend going?, Sad the season is over but we'll use this as a learning experience and get better because of it.  We'll work hard this summer and try to get em next year.  Thanks to all the fans for the support throughout the year, we appreiate you all., We're a defensive team. We need to go out there and show it., Check out the new TV spot that drops tonight! Hope you all like it... If you want to grab the shoes, you can at http://bitly.com/CL_Rose_FB_Pre, Good session today.  Guys were really keyed in on the mistakes from yesterday and we're trying to correct them for next game. That's what it's all about, staying positive and trying to learn every single day., null, Got a new commercial dropping soon for the adiZero Crazy Light that you are all going to love... But for those that can’t wait for the official launch, you can reserve your pair at http://bitly.com/CL_Rose_FB_Pre, We had a great practice today. We know it's going to be a long and hard series. Every game is going to be tough, especially with the type of players they have on the other team., Shout out to Dimitris Diamantidis of the Team Panathinaikos for winning the Euroleague MVP.  Rocking those adidas Crazy Lights all the way to the top!, Wilson Basketball is designing a special edition D.Rose MVP ball and they need your help. Pick for your favorite ball design and the one you all vote for is the one they'll make. Which one do you like?. http://ht.ly/4U9Wj, This is going to be a great matchup.  It's going to be fun.  We’re happy to get the conference finals, but we’re not planning to stop right there., Last chance to enter the sweepstakes for the MVP headphones.  Contest ends at 8:00 EST.  Who wants pair #1.5?  Check out the link below to enter., Derrick Rose named to first team All-NBA.  Congrats Derrick!  , Skullcandy made some limited edition MVP headphones to celebrate Derrick's MVP season which are available at Chicago Best Buy stores and Bestbuy.com.  Derrick will be wearing pair 1/500 but had them make a special pair, set #1.5 for a lucky facebook fan.  Check out the link to enter and good luck!, Game 5 tonight!, Don't forget Mother's Day is tomorrow!!!, Any Bulls fans here in ATL coming out to the game?, Force Factor giving away a signed ball to one of y'all.... Good luck!, null, POWERADE ION4 is putting together an MVP poster for Derrick and they'd like you to all be a part of it.  Just check out the link, add your comment, and your facebook picture will be used in a giant poster that will be presented to Derrick with all the fans on here that are supporting him.  , Thanks to my family, friends, teammates, coaches, the entire Bulls organization, all the fans, and the voters....Appreciate all the love and support and couldn't have done it without you all., Game 1... Who's coming out to the UC?, Skullcandy is giving away a bunch of headphones for you all.  Check out their page for the details... Good luck!, Happy for my teammates, the coaching staff, and all the fans... We're going to try to keep this thing going, 3 good games tonight... Predictions?, Game 2 tonight....Wear your red tonight and keep the UC rocking!  Make sure to check out the new Bulls Power Balance bands, and support our playoff run!  http://bit.ly/i8Jrm0 , Playoff time! Where my Bulls fans at?, Very excited to be involved in President Barack Obama’s re-election campaign tonight! It's a great honor and should be a lot of fun., My home away from home....The Berto Center.  Behind the scenes look at our training facility, Celtics coming into our house tomorrow..... Y'all gonna get loud for us?, I autographed a basketball and some Force Factor product to give away to y'all.  To enter to win, text ROSE to 74642. No cost to enter, just standard msg&data rates apply. Full rules at http://www.forcefactor.com/giveaway_terms. Good luck... Let me know if you win!  , Who you got in the game tonight?, Big game in Minnesota tonight...what's up Bulls fans?, 10 games left.... let's keep this going!, Hey guys, I’m donating a $1,000 for every point I score tonight & with the help of Direct Relief International the money will go directly to helping people in Japan recover from the recent natural disaster. I encourage my fans to help too! Maybe you can donate $1 for every point I score tonight? $2 per point? $5? or even a flat donation...every little bit helps! Visit http://bit.ly/gnWX7p to make a donation. Thanks!, What's your favorite basketball moment?  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO7GTOgM78E, How those brackets looking?, Congrats to Simeon on winning another state title yesterday.  Back to back!, Memphis off to a good start vs Arizona!  Let's go boys!  Who you guys got in your brackets?, What's good guys?  Been getting lots of questions about workouts I do and advice for yours.  I've got a few workout videos posted on the Force Factor page which you can check out, and their trainers do a great job answering individual questions posted to their wall, so check em out.  

Pacers tonight.... Gotta keep this thing rolling!, I'm all in 
, 16 games left, let's get em all!  Everyone's playing well and playing together.... Now y'all go wish Carlos Boozer a speedy recovery so we can get him back out there!, POWERADE ION4 is giving away tix to next years Final Four.... Hope one of you all wins them!  http://on.fb.me/fxgDqh

Wizards in town tonight.  Let's get it!, What's up guys? How was everyone's weekend?, null, Adidas is coming out with a new global campaign that I'm excited to be a part of...... Check out the teaser http://bit.ly/eWace7  I'll let you all know when the full spot drops.  

Next 3 games at home, see you at the UC!, Nice to be back in Chicago, even if it's just for one game.  Hornets in town tonight! Who's checking out the game?, A look back at the good old days! 

http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/multimedia/photo_gallery/1103/derrick.rose.high.school/content.1.html, In Atl for our game tomorrow vs the Hawks....What's good everyone?, You guys enjoy that game last night?  We love it when the United Center gets rocking like that!  How about that shot by Lu?  Next 5 on the road so we have to keep up the intensity..... Also my friends at Force Factor are hooking up my fans here with a 2-week free trial, so check em out if you're trying to ramp up your workouts  http://bit.ly/FF-DROSE, Try this at home... :) , Had a great time in LA for All-Star weekend.  Thanks to all the fans that sent me there!  Hope you all enjoyed the festivities., Keep an eye on the adidas Basketball page today.... They're going to be unveiling my new shoe for the game tonight.  Let me know what you think of it., Skills Challenge tonight!  You guys tuning in? Who you picking for the dunk contest?, Power Balance just sent over a limited edition band for me for all-star.  What do you guys think?, All-Star weekend!, Got a chance to meet the McDonald's All Americans from Chicago at the game last night.   I found out too that 8 out of 10 starters in this year's NBA All-Star game are former McDonald’s All Americans.... Crazy Stat!   The game's coming to Chicago this year: http://bit.ly/hCDLCs. Who’s checking it out?, Just wrapped up an ESPN photo shoot..... Happy Valentines day everyone!  Doing anything special?, Just heard that Anthony Davis and Wayne Blackshear were named McDonald’s All Americans. Congrats to my fellow Chicagoans! I played in the game in 2007..... Can’t believe that was only a few years ago.   http://bit.ly/hCDLCs, Which 4 guys do you want to see in the Skills Challenge against CP3?  

http://www.nba.com/chooseyoursquad/, Congrats to Taj Gibson on making the Sophomore team.  Excited that he'll be joining me out in LA for All-Star Weekend!, I’m feeling really loved right now and I appreciate all the support that helped me earn a starting position in the All-Star game.  I want to thank all the fans that voted, especially the people from my hometown of Chicago.  I also want to give thanks to the Bulls organization that did a great job promoting me, and most of all I want to thank my teammates and coaches for putting me in this position., Got a favorite?
, Let's go Bears!!!!!, Anybody checked out the Force Factor email newsletter?  If you're interested in workout of the week videos, tips from me, and fitness/nutrition advice from the experts, sign up here: http://bit.ly/FFnews, Check this out! Signs on every seat! Great to know the organization and adidas are behind me., Great crowd last night, thanks UC!  Early start in Memphis tomorrow
 if you want to check us out., Heat in town tonight... I know you all checking this game out!!!!  

Also, my friends at Skullcandy  are putting on a contest for you all.  Giving away a pair of Bulls headphones everyday for a week, and somebody will win the custom D Rose Aviators like the ones in the picture.... There's only one other pair out there, and I got em!  Check em out at facebook.com/skullcandy, What's good everyone?  Only 12 days left to vote for your favorite all-stars.  Thanks to everyone who's supporting me! You can vote by texting ROSE to 69622 and at http://www.nba.com/allstar2011/asb/eng/ballot.html?cid=nba361  Thanks!!!!!   , Check out the latest photo shoot I did http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Socialite-Styling/163607500333355, What's up guys?  Thanks to everyone who's been voting for the All-Star game at NBA.com.  Keep it up!  Did you know you can also vote by texting Rose to 69622 ?  Appreciate all the love!, Home vs the Raps tomorrow..... Who's checking out the game?, Happy New Years everyone!!!!  What's your new years resolution this year? If it's to get in great shape, check out the free trial offered by my friends at Force Factor to help you out! http://tinyurl.com/forcefactordrose  Hope you all have a fun and safe new years eve!.... Back at it tomorrow vs the Cavs.  Go Bulls!  , You guys been voting for the All-Star game?  Make sure to vote daily!  Who do you think deserve to be the starters for the East and for the West?
Bulls.com/votebulls , Look who's making an appearance in Times Square, What did you get for Christmas?  Anything good?, Don't forget we have the early game tomorrow vs the Knicks.  Merry Christmas Everyone!, catch my one on one interview with Ahmad Rashad tonight on NBA TV at 7 ET

http://www.nba.com/video/channels/nba_tv/2010/12/17/20101217_ahmad_drose.nba/index.html, What's good everyone?  How was your weekend?, No bulls on the starting line up for the all-star team?  come on guys!  Where all the bulls fans?  Bulls.com/votebulls, What's happening everyone? Feels great to keep winning, but we're all disappointed to be losing Jo for a while. We have confidence that our guys like Taj and Omer and Kurt will come in and pick up the slack though., Lakers coming into our house tomorrow.... Where my Bulls fans at?, Big win last night!  Great to get Booz going and see him finding his rhythm out there.  Next up, the Cavs tomorrow!..... Also Force Factor and I are doing a giveaway.  To enter, text the word SHOUT to 74642 I'll put together a personalized video shout out to the winner and 2nd prize is an autographed basketball.   http://www.forcefactor.com/giveaway_terms4 Good luck!, What's going on everyone?  How was your weekend?  Got some big games coming up this week starting with OKC coming to the United Center tomorrow.  Should be a good one!, Who thinks they can beat me in Connect 4?  

http://es.pn/Connect4, You guys started your holiday shopping yet? If you have any workout peeps you're shopping for, Force Factor  is hooking up all my fans here with 15% off of everything at www.ForceFactor.com if you enter 15HOLIDAY at checkout.... What's on your holiday wishlist this year?, Nice to be back in Chi after a long roadtrip!  My friends at Power Balance are giving 20% off if you use the promo code "drose" when you check out. I get a lot of questions about the wristband I wear, so click on the Power Balance tab on my Facebook page here to find out more about Power Balance.  Feel free to share with friends and family.... Next up, Orlando on Wednesday!, Happy Thanksgiving everyone!  I've got so much to be thankful this year including all you great fans.  Thanks for all the support.  What are you guys thankful for this year?, Lakers tonight.  You can catch the game on NBATV.  Let's get it!!!, Someone just sent me a remix of me and Dwight's Adidas commercial... Hilarious!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3bfR3RKdO0, Also, don't forget the All-Star ballot is out.  Make sure to vote for all the Bulls!!!  Who do you guys think is deserving to start? 

http://www.nba.com/allstar2011/asb/eng/landing.jsp, What's good everyone?  We're in LA enjoying some time off before playing the Lakers on Tuesday.  I've had a lot of you ask for tips for working out, so wanted to let you know you can get Force Factor fitness tips on on your cell by texting DROSE to 74642  It's free to join, just standard msg rates apply.  Hope they help!, Always great to start off a road trip with a win! Next up, San Antonio tonight., Check me out on the new POWERADE ION4  page. That’s me under the Athletes tab – representin’ the Fruit Punch!  What’s your go to flavor?, What's up everyone?  What game you checking out tonight?, Taking a ride on the RV with the NBA on ESPN 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2SEZqgaQmI, The Nuggets coming to the United Center tonight. We got to get this
 one!  Who's coming out to the game tonight?, Happy Halloween everyone!! Hope everyone has a fun and safe night.  What are you guys dressing up as?  Post some pictures of your costumes so I can check them out!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lkjEvctPRw&feature=player_embedded, My friends at Force Factor are giving away free samples so if you're looking to get in shape for your season give it a try.  http://tinyurl.com/forcefactordrose Anyone else started their seasons yet? or starting soon?  How's your squad looking this year?  I want to hear from the ballers out there., Tough finish last night, but we can fix the problems we had.  We need to play smarter and keep them off the line and then execute better down the stretch.  Was fun to get back out on the court though.  Next up, Detroit on Saturday., NBA is back!!! Let's hear your predctions.  Who is winning it all this year? MVP?, Live chat starts in 20 minutes! Make sure to tune in at http://www.eastbay.com/promotion/promoId:5004548/derrick-rose-chat/, Doing a live chat today at 6:00 PM EST. Would love to hear from some of my Facebook peeps so get those questions ready!  

http://www.eastbay.com/promotion/promoId:5004548/derrick-rose-chat/, My guys at Shred's Inferno have been nominated for best tattoo shop in Chicago.  If you have a second, vote for them and help put the Southside on the map! http://chicago.citysearch.com/profile/35378917/chicago_il/shred_s_inferno.html, Any Slam readers out there?  Gotta check this one out!  
http://www.slamonline.com/online/the-magazine/toc/2010/10/slam-143-on-sale-now/, Who wants some headphones?  I left a signed pair with the folks over at Skullcandy and they're giving them away to a facebook fan.  So check them out at http://goo.gl/OubF and write on their wall to tell them why you want the headphones and they'll pick out a lucky winner.  Make sure to mention "D Rose" in the post.  Good luck guys!  If you're the lucky winner send me a pic of you rocking the headphones. , Less than one week till the season tips off!, Think you can keep up with me on the court?  Test your fast in "You vs D Rose"  Let me know how you do.....It's tough!!  

http://www.youtube.com/user/adidasbasketball?blend=3&ob=4, http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=901229352025
Stoked to be part of the Skullcandy Crew.  Check out my playlist and the Bulls headphones at http://www.skullcandy.com/nba-crew/#drose  Always looking for some new tunes too, so send me suggestions of the tracks I need to check out! Thanks guys!
, All my Bulls fans in Chicago, we'll be at Water Tower Place tonight from 5-6 to Paint the Town.  Come on out and say hi and get excited for the upcoming season!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezKDPfz68_4&feature=player_embedded, Game tonight against the Raptors at the United Center, who's coming?, Check out the new music video with Dwight and Ken Jeong.... We had a lot of fun making this one.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-a9lx3pOC4&feature=popt11us13, The sweepstakes for the signed ball ends this Thursday! Free to enter - just text "FF" to 74642. http://www.forcefactor.com/giveaway_terms. Good luck guys!", Chef Pooh Be Straight Cookin'!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pABRXYKOct4 

Who out there's on this 2k11 yet?  , Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!, Update from training camp: http://www.nba.com/bulls/bullstv/gameday.html, Great to be back with the team today.  Can't wait to get this
 season started!, Hey guys, here's another chance to win an autographed basketball or
signed merch with the Force Factor mobile sweepstakes! Text "FF" to
74642 to enter. No cost to enter, just standard msg&data rates apply.
For full rules see http://www.forcefactor.com/giveaway_terms. Good
luck!, Getting in a little 2k11 with Russ and Josh at the NBA 2K11 Launch Party, Filming the Daily Line.... Catch it on Versus tonight, Here's my top 5 songs right now.... What tunes are you guys listening to?, Doing a photo shoot for Skull Candy Headphones here in New York, Taking a ride on the NBA on ESPN RV!, Taking a ride on the NBA on ESPN RV!, What do you think was MJ's greatest moment?  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCHMgbGZq3I, For all my workout peeps out there - the team at Force Factor is offering weekly fitness tips and exclusive deals in a new mobile club. Text DROSE to 74642 to join! msg and data charges apply, but no cost to join., So nice to be back in the states!  What an amazing trip we had, and bringing home the gold is something we are all very proud of. Thanks to all those who supported us along the way....Training camp starts in less than 2 weeks!! Who's ready for some NBA basketball?, 3 more to go!  Up next, Russia!, Great start for our team in the first three games, but we still have a lot of work to do.  We play Iran tomorrow, so keep rooting us on.  We appreciate all the support!, Got to Istanbul this afternoon and ready to get this tourney started!  Catch us on Saturday vs Croatia.  Also, I autographed some basketballs for the new Force Factor contest.  Email a photo of yourself with your Force Factor to promotions@forcefactor.com for your chance to win!  If you need a bottle get one here: http://tinyurl.com/drosepromo, You all know how much I love candy, right? The people at Skittles made me my own personal vending machine and it's unreal.... Taste the Rainbow!, Game tomorrow vs Lithuania and Sunday we play Spain... Wish us
 luck!, About to take off for Madrid!  Can't wait to get this started.....
 Also, for all my guys out there who like working out, check out my latest
 workout video
 http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=151278871551511&ref=mf, What's up everyone?  I'm in NY for Team USA camp.  We've got a scrimmage on the 15th against France at MSG and then off to Europe for more training and the Worlds! Also wanted to let everyone know to check out the Power Balance charity auction at http://ocrf.powerbalance.com/ to bid on a very cool painting that I signed... All the money goes to support cancer research so take a look! , On the set doing a promo for NBA 2K11.. You guys are gonna love this game.  How many of you all play 2k out there?, hanging with some of the campers, Knockout time!, null, lunch time, autographs, signing some autographs, knockout, Q and A with all the campers, The knockout champ!, The knockout champ!, Hanging with some of the campers...., Been having a great time with all the kids out here at my basketball camp....a lot of ballers out here!  Also very excited about the Team USA announcement today. Congrats to the rest of the 15 man roster!, Today is the 6 month anniversary of the Earthquake in Haiti.  There are lots of kids that still need our help. If you can, please visit http://www.unicef.org and take a minute to learn how you can help.  Thanks!, all the soccer/futbol fans out there, who's winning this World Cup?, Hard workout on a Sunday afternoon, Just finished working out, hows everyone doing today?  excited for the draft tonight?  Should be a lot of fun.  Congratulations to all the guys that are about to have their dreams come true., Who's planning on coming to my summer basketball camp this year? It's filling up fast so if you're interested make sure to sign up soon!  July 27th - 30th in Deerfield Ill.  Details and sign up at http://drosehoops.com/rose/store  Last year was awesome so hope to see a lot of returners as well as some new faces., Game 7 tonight!  who you guys got?, Doing a production shoot with Force Factor.  What's happening everybody?, How bout them Hawks baby!!!!, Photo shoot with my friends at Power Balance, What's up everyone?  Just finished my workout, and feeling good!  Who you got in the game tonight?  Also, here's a little behind the scenes look at that Powerade shoot I told you about http://www.slamonline.com/online/nba/2010/06/derrick-rose-powerade-shoot/, what's up everyone! how you all doing? I'm back in Chicago now after a trip down to Orlando to shoot a POWERADE commercial.  I'm here for a few days before heading to LA next week for training.  Everyone enjoying these playoffs?  Who do you think will win it all?, Thanks for all the support throughout the season everyone.  You  guys are awesome and I appreciate all the love!  Time to get working for  next year!, Tough couple games in Cleveland, but you have to credit the Cavs for making big plays when they needed to.  We're excited to come back home and play in front of our fans, and try to get back into this series.  Who's coming out on Thursday?, Thanks for all the support everyone!  We're excited to be here, but the real work starts now.  We'll see you Saturday in Cleveland!, It all comes down to tonight....Win and we're in!, Must win game tonight against Boston.  We need you to get loud  United Center!, Big one tonight! It's going to be fun. This is what the NBA is all about.  Tune in to NBATV to cheer us on.  Lets get it!, Registration for the 2010 Derrick Rose Basketball Camp is now open!  The camp is for boys and girls ages 9-18, in Deerfield Il, July 27th - 30th.  Head over to http://www.drosehoops.com/rose/store
 for more info and to sign up!  We had a great time last year and this year's camp should be even better!, Happy Easter everyone!  Big couple wins for us this weekend.  Only 6 more games in the regular season, so we have to bring it every night.  Next up the Bucks on Tuesday!, Just wanted to let you all know I’ve joined the Force Factor supplement team of athletes and am very excited to be working with them!  They make some great supplements to help with workouts and their Facebook page is a great place to find out about workout tips, exercises you can do, or if you have general workout questions.   Check em out!, Tough one last night in Phoenix.  They hit big shots and executed down the stretch, and that's why they won.  We have to come back and get the next one in Washington to keep up in this playoffs race.  Thanks for all the support everyone., looking forward to checking out the 2010 POWERADE Jamfest tonight on ESPN 2 to see the next wave of basketball stars.  Make sure to check it out!, HUGE win last night.  We have to stay focused and keep playing hard if we want to make the playoffs.  We're playing good D, rebounding, and running, and if we can keep doing that at a high level, we have a good shot at making the post season.  Next up Phoenix!, Felt great to be back out there with my teammates last game and get a W!  We need to keep it up to get back into the playoff picture.  Big one tonight with Houston coming into town.  Who's coming out to the United Center?, Interview with Chuck Swirsky, Just wanted to let you all know that I’m working with Powerade now and am very excited about it!  They have a cool promotion going on now at www.POWERADEdunk.com where you can upload your own dunks and win a chance to be a judge at the 2010 Powerade Jam Fest.  Dunks can be on a nerf hoop in your living room, on a real hoop outside, or wherever.  Unfortunately I can’t enter so one of you all has to go hold it down for me and win this thing!  If you enter a dunk, make sure to post the link on my page here so I can check it out., Just finished an appearance for 2K Sports.  I'm having a great time
 here in Dallas. Who you guys want in the dunk contest?, Interview at All-Star Weekend in Dallas today
http://www.nba.com/video/channels/allstar/2010/02/12/20100212_derrick_rose_intv.nba/, will be donating $1000 per point scored tonight to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund.  http://clintonbushhaitifund.org Hopefully you all will do what you can to contribute to this effort too, as the people of Haiti need our help!  Thanks!, will be back to defend the title at the Skills Challenge during All-Star Weekend this year http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/rose_skillschallenge_100106.html, New Adidas spot.  What do you all think?, We have Thanksgiving dinner with the team tonight because we play tomorrow.  Should be a great time!  Also, make sure to visit http://Twitter.com/chicagobulls to find out how you can win a pair of courtside tickets to an upcoming Bulls game., last day to vote!

http://www.vschicago.com/sexy_nominees.php?nomineeID=42#/vote_now/, The must have CD of the year!  Totally Bulls 80's!  lol, Need all your help on this one!  Gotta get some votes to win this thing!

http://www.vschicago.com/sexy_nominees.php?nomineeID=42#/vote_now/, is saying what a game last night wish they would've counted the shot by Brad but Raptors tonight!, had lots a fun with the fans at dunkin donuts today gotta rest up for Denver tomorrow!, What do you all think?, had a rough lost last night but gotta put it behind us...Heat tomorrow night!, Check out this piece ESPN did on my summer workouts in Los Angeles.  Getting that jumper goin!  http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=4608249, is about to start a live video chat with all the fans out there.  Come join me!

http://www.eastbay.com/promotion/promoId:5004119/derrick-rose/?SID=9139&cm_mmc=Affiliates-_-Facebook-_-derrickrose-_-null/, will be doing a live video chat with fans tomorrow at 7:00 EST.  Hope you'll all tune in and send some good questions in.  You can join the chat at http://www.eastbay.com/promotion/promoId:5004119/derrick-rose/?SID=9139&cm_mmc=Affiliates-_-Facebook-_-derrickrose-_-null/, is at a shoot for GQ magazine.  I'll let you all know when you can find it on news stands.  Can't wait to get this season tipped off!, Finally got to get back on the court and practice with my teammates today.  Ankle felt much better than it has been feeling.  Hoping to play a little in the last preseason game tomorrow, but we'll see.   Check out this pic from after practice.  Not bad, eh?, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTLCaWAG0uc&feature=player_embedded, How crazy is this commercial?  I love it.  It's on Me!, My new Adidas commercial!  what do you all think?, http://www.nba.com/video/teams/bulls/2009/10/04/rose_birthday_091005.bulls/, Check out the interview http://www.truegameheadz.com/blogheadz/derrick-rose-loves-candy-and-2k-sports-nba-2k10-draft-combine/  
Also, give away time!  For a free download of NBA 2k10: Draft Combine for 360, who was the top rated rookie in NBA2k8 and what were the top 2 highest rated teams.  Include all the ratings too!  Good luck., Looks hot!! What do you all think?, Thanks to all those who joined the chat yesterday.  If you missed it you can catch the recap here: http://espn.go.com/sportsnation/chat/_/id/28267/bulls-pg-derrick-rose, I'll be doing a live chat with fans tomorrow on ESPN's Sports Nation at 1:30 p.m. ET.  http://espn.go.com/sportsnation/chats You can start submitting your questions now.  Hope to hear from you all!, Trivia Contest: Who were the two top rated rookies and the top rated team in NBA 2K6 (include ratings)?  First correct answer written below wins a free download of NBA 2K10: Draft Combine, but the game is only available in the US, Canada, Mexico, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, India, & Japan, so winner must be from one of those places. Good luck!, Trivia Contest: What was my stat line for my debut in varsity basketball for Simeon? Looking for pts, rebounds, steals, and assists.  First correct answer below wins a free download of 2K10: Draft Combine, but the game is only available in the US, Canada, Mexico, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, India, & Japan, so winner must be from one of those places. Good luck!, Trivia Contest: Winner gets a free download of NBA 2K10: Draft Combine for Xbox 360....2K Trvia: What was the highest rated team and who was the highest rated rookie in NBA 2k4 (include the ratings of each as well)?   First correct answer written below wins, but the game is only available in the US, Canada, Mexico, Singapore, Taiwan, Hong Kong, India, & Japan, so winner must be from one of those places. Good luck!, Anyone checked out 2K10: Draft Combine yet?  What do you guys think?  Create some good players? I'm having some fun with it.  Pretty cool to get my first game cover too!  If you haven't seen the game check out the preview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G1LDoWrD8w Out for PS3 and 360 now.  Stay tuned too, b/c I'm going to be giving away some free downloads right here shortly., Had a great time yesterday at the shoot yesterday for 2k10: Draft Combine  Here's a pic from it with me, Kobe, and Chris Hardwick.  Videos to follow soon!, Video shoot today for NBA 2K10: Draft Combine featuring me and Kobe. Should be a lot of fun. I'll send out clips of them to everyone here when its all finished up. Also be on the lookout for some chances to win free downloads of NBA 2K10: Draft Combine right here., Last full day of my trip in China with Adidas. Me and Dwight are having a blast meeting all the amazing fans over here. Thanks to everyone for showing so much love!  We have the Adidas Brotherhood Center Opening today and then we get to check out the final of the Chinese Summer League. You can check out some pics and videos from our trip at http://nba.tom.com/doubleD.html Hope you brushed up on your Chinese!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Out in Vegas with Team USA Basketball...lots of great young players out here, and I'm just happy to be a part of it. Had our first practice yesterday and back at it again at 12:30 today.  Everyone's competing hard and trying to show what they got. Heading back to Chi for my basketball camp after. Who all is coming out to it? Few spots left if you want to join, visit www.drosehoops.com to sign up and get all the info, Hanging in Chi Town before heading back out to LA to train and get ready for Team USA Mini Camp in Las Vegas later this month.  Can't wait to be a part of that again.  I'll be back home in August for my 1st basketball camp.  Only a few spots remaining so , Just wanted to let know that my new signature series of basketballs are now available.  I worked with the folks at Wilson Sporting Goods to design these balls and I think they turned out great.  There's a Wave and a rubber outdoor one.  You can get them at the links provided, but try not to get them stuck in the rim! lol!  Thanks for all the love!  D Rose   http://bit.ly/uJ17D or http://bit.ly/B53jd, whats up Facebookers?  im in LA working out and getting ready for next season.  Cant wait to get back out there on the court.  Thought I'd share some clips from my workouts.  Hope you enjoy them!, Only a few spots left for my basketball camp this summer... hope to see you out there!  sign up at www.drosehoops.com, is hoping to see all you at the first Derrick Rose Basketball Camp this summer.  Space is limited and going fast so head over to www.drosehoops.com for more info and to sign up!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)