List(Starting today, if you spend $20 or more, you get to guess the number of the day -- it could be any number between 1 and 3, and if you guess correctly, you get 20% off of your next purchase between Monday and Thursday!
Stop by at Somerville or Dedham to enter for the discount!
Just remember...April showers bring May flowers -- and super savings!, Starting tomorrow through March 20th if you spend $10.00 or MORE 
You will receive an Easter egg with a special coupon of 10%, 15% OR 20%!!! 
This coupon will only be valid for purchases from March 21st though March 25th!!! 
Stop by either Somerville, Dedham or Boston location!! Or stop at ALL locations!! #eastersavings2016, Jerry the Minion was out and about in Sugar Heaven in Dedham and even took a selfie with a couple of Sugar Angels, #luckoftheirish @SugarHeaven544 

May the sweetest leprechaun win!!!, Luck of the Irish draw

Spend $17.00 or more at any Sugar Heaven from March 1 to March 17 and enter a chance to win a $50.00 Gift Certificate or one of two $25.00 Gift Certificates, LAST FEW DAYS TO GET 20% OFF* ALL LARGE BEANIE BALLS. THE SALE ENDS FEBRUARY 21ST

This offer cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions. Sale Ends Sunday February 21st, HAPPY 1ST BIRTHDAY SUGAR HEAVEN IN SOMERVILLE!!!

Today is the last day to get a free cotton candy at any Sugar Heaven location with a purchase of $20 or more (Cannot be combined with other promotions or discounts), Valentine's Day is just a week away. Why not get your sweet a candy basket full of their favorite candy? Stop by Sugar Heaven to create a candy basket that your sweetheart will love, We carry a HUGE selection of Jelly Belly jelly beans!!! Unique flavors available. If you dint see it in out stores?! You can pre order!! Ask any Sugar Angel at any of our locations!!!#jellybelly, A Sweet treat when you show us your college ID, Parents won't be the only one have champagne on New Year's Eve. Give kids a champagne flute full of champagne jelly bellies to toast the new year, Starting TODAY 12/4 through SUNDAY 12/6, we are giving away a FREE box of candy canes with any purchase of $25.00 or MORE!! Not just your traditional peppermint candy canes but a HUGE assortment of different flavors! #happyholidays, The Sugar Angels of Sugar Heaven in Boston, Dedham & Somerville got in the spirit of Halloween and dressed up, The Sugar Angels of Sugar Heaven in Boston, Dedham & Somerville got in the spirit of Halloween and dressed up, Stop by any Sugar Heaven property and see our Sugar Angels dressed in Halloween costumes!!! What is your Halloween costume?!?! #Halloween2015, null, Nothing to do this Columbus Day weekend?! Stop by Sugar Heaven and grab some goodies for you and friends!!! Go to college?! Show us your I.D and get 10% OFF!!!, Have some fun with Jelly Belly Recipes. Combine a few different Jelly Bellies to create a new flavor
http://www.jellybelly.com/jelly-belly-bean-recipes, In college?! Want candy?! Come into Sugar Heaven with your college I.D and get 10% off. 
*not combined with any other discounts or promo*, Looking for a place to hold the PERFECT party? Our exclusive party room can be yours! Stop by #SugarHeaven in Dedham and find out how!, #SugarHeaven's ULTIMATE #Halloween basket! Only $39.99!, Are you looking for a fun, creative and dynamic job? #SugarHeaven may be the place for you! Stop by Sugar Heaven in Legacy Place and pick up an application today! 🍭, Things are getting spooky here at #SugarHeaven! 🍭, Check out the #SugarHeaven instagram! We're always posting about what we're up to! Check out this shot of out new LIMITED EDITION Toxic Waste candy! instagram.com/sugar_heaven, There are some strange people out there
http://www.buzzfeed.com/lukebailey/weird-chocolate-things#.igX6Y3KxJ, Off to college or in college? Stop by Sugar Heaven, show us your college ID and get 10% off your purchase. This offer only last's until Labor Day

Cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions, Keep and eye out this week for our sneaky little friend! Minion Madness will be in full swing this week! Only at #SugarHeaven in DEDHAM! #Candy #Sweets, Who says tree's are always green? Come pick up one (or ya know, a few!) of these colorful and tasty Whirly Pops! Tons of flavors and TONS of sizes! #SugarHeaven #Candy #LollipopTree, At Sugar Heaven, WE LOVE OUR PATRIOTS! So come on in, and do YOUR job, buy some candy! #NewEnglandPatriots #SugarHeaven, GET 20% OFF ALL LARGE TY BEANIE BALLS FROM FRIDAY 8/14 THROUGH SUNDAY 8/16!!! Offer valid at all locations., The British candy is here. The British candy is here. Come see what's back in stock at Sugar Heaven in Dedham, http://www.candyfavorites.com/a-ring-pop-history

Anyone else got "purposed" with a ring pop?, These candies may be gone, but some still remember them fondly
http://www.buzzfeed.com/briangalindo/40-pieces-of-candy-you-will-never-eat-again#.woy3qzrZ7, Celebrate National Gummi Worm Day (July 15th) with a delicious no bake Dirt Pie with Gummi worms. Stop by Sugar Heaven to your worms
http://www.food.com/recipe/original-no-bake-dirt-pie-with-worms-348629, Happy 4th of July everyone. Hope everyone is enjoying some hamburgers and hot dogs, Pick a color any color! M&M's are 10% when you purchase $10 or more from 6/22/15 to 6/28

Valid at all locations. Only valid from 6/22/15 to 6/28/15 with a purchase of $10 or more of M&M's. Must be separately bagged and cannot be combined with any other promotion or discounts, Happy candy Month everyone. All three Sugar Heavens have new sweet deals every week for the month of June.

From 6/1 to 6/7 spend $10 or more and get a free small bag of cotton candyy, null, http://www.candyfavorites.com/candy-history-infographic, Tomorrow is National Jelly Bean Day Come in to Sugar Heaven and get 15% off ALL JELLY BELLYS from our bulks. This sweet deal is only for April 22 2015.

Must be bagged separately cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions, Sugar Heaven on Boylston St. is opening at 8:00 AM for the marathon. Stop in to purchase some candy to enjoy while watching the race, Take me out to Sugar Heaven, take me out to the candy. Buy me some cotton candy and Big League Chew, I don't care if I get fat.

Show us your Red Sox Ticket as the same day and get 10% off you purchase.

To receive the discount, the ticket must be the same day as purchase. Cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions. Valid at all locations, http://www.candyfavorites.com/a-nerd-tastic-history, Sugar Heaven Boston on the news, If you are having trouble deciding what to get, let this flow chart help you

http://topcultured.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/What-Should-I-Eat-Candy.jpg, Sweet things are happening at Sugar Heaven. Matt Driscoll asked Julia Ragusa to Prom using candy and she said yes, http://www.buzzfeed.com/joannaborns/what-candy-matches-your-personality?utm_term=.sxMjowvGm#.lwexz48dd, Come say hi to all our sugar angels in Somerville. Now open, Candy History Lesson: Big League Chew

http://www.candyfavorites.com/chew-on-this, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYONE! It's not too late to purchase some sweet treats for your Valentine., It's almost here. The Grand Opening of Sugar Heaven in Somerville at Assembly Row!!!! Stop by tomorrow and check out the newest store to the Sugar Heaven Family, Candy Lesson: The original Conversation hearts or Sweethearts are made by Necco Wafers and got their start in 1901. They are only sold around Valentine's Day but at Sugar Heaven we have them year round, Oh the weather outside is frightful, but candy is so delightful. So stock up before the storm at Sugar Heaven, Got Pat's Gear? Wear it into Sugar Heaven and  get 12% off your purchase. This deal ends on Super Bowl Sunday!!! GO PATRIOTS

Cannot be combined with other promotions and discounts., Stock up on candy for the blizzard. 10% off all RED candy starts today. Must be bagged separately and cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions, BOSTON STORE PROMO:

50% off Large ice cream now until SUPER BOWL SUNDAY 2.1.15

Cannot be combined with other discounts or promotions. This offer is only valid at the Boston store, Need a sweet treat for Sunday's big game or for any question. Sugar Heaven can make you a Kit Kat Bowl., Get into the spirit of Valentine's Day early at Sugar Heaven. 10% off a RED candy from our bulk walls. January 26-January 30

Must be bagged separately. Can not be combined with any other discount or promotion, Heading to the movies. Remember to purchase your tickets before going to Sugar Heaven for our great selection of candy. Show us your movie ticket and get 10% off of purchase

Can not be combined with any other discount or promotion, http://www.candyfavorites.com/history-of-candy-cigarettes

They may be hard to find in some places but Sugar Heaven has them, The Periodic Table of Candy. Is your favorite candy on there?, HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE EVERYONE!!! Tomorrow, January 1 is your last day to get 15% off all large BEANIE BALLS, 15% off all Large BEANIE BALLS from now until Jan 1, It's the eve before Christmas Eve and Sugar Heaven is staying open until 11:00 tonight. Come in for great stocking stuffers, last minute gifts and we also gift wrap if you don't want too, Christmas is 5 days away, have you finished all your holiday shopping? Sugar Heaven has great stocking stuffers, last minute gifts and we do wrap as well, 3 days left to get 20% off any large TY Beanie Ball, Sugar Haven Sweet Gift Wrapping
Having a "Secret Santa" OR "Yankee Swap"? We are great at disguising your gift! we can make it look nice while at the same time being discreet!

Short on time or just don't like wrapping?!?!  Drop it off and shop at Legacy while we wrap your gifts!

Have Sugar Heaven wrap your special gift for you! No matter what size BIG or small we can wrap it for you!, Need a gift for a Yankee Swap or Secret Santa or that one person you have trouble buying gifts for? Nothing is sweeter then a Gift Certificate from Sugar Heaven. Always a great gift for anyone at any age, Iron Man, Murphy the Monster, Bayou and all their friends need good homes. They make the perfect Holiday present for any age.
20% off ALL LARGE TY BEANIES Monday-Friday ONLY 12/15-12/19. 
~Cannot be combined with any other sales or promotions.~, The first cotton candy machine was introduced at the 1904 World's Fair and was called "Fairy Floss" 

Come by Sugar Heaven tomorrow to celebrate National Cotton Candy Day, Come celebrate national cotton candy day with us on Sunday December 7th! all day with any purchase of $20 or more receive a free cotton candy!!, Tis the Season. Why not surprise someone with a great candy gift basket? All candy baskets are 15% off Mon-Thurs, Grab something sweet before and after Thanksgiving . We apologize for the change in time on November 26. Instead of 9AM-12PM it is actually 10AM-12PM purchase ANY black colored candy from our bulks walls and get 20% off your entire purchase! Then on Black Friday why not get some candy to help with your Black Friday shopping starting at 9AM-12PM purchase ANY black colored candy from our bulk walls and get 20% off your entire purchase!

*Candy MUST be bagged separately and this promotion cannot be combined with any other promotions or discounts*, Before and after Thanksgiving dinner....come into Sugar Heaven on November 26 and 28 (BLACK FRIDAY) from 9AM-12PM to purchase ANY black colored candy from our bulk walls and get 20% off your entire purchase! This is a great addition to your Thanksgiving table  or a great treat for after your huge meal! We carry a variety of delicious and delectable sweets for everyone!
*Candy MUST be bagged separately and this promotion cannot be combined with any other promotions or discounts*, http://www.incrediblethings.com/web/man-scores-job-with-candy-bar-resume/

Now this is a Resume, Celebrate Veteran's day with an American favorite. ALL RED, WHITE, & BLUE M&M'S ARE 20% but only tomorrow, November 11th from 9 am to 12 pm.

*not valid with any other promotions or discounts*, Veteran's Day: On Nov 11th 
ALL RED,WHITE & BLUE M&M'S ARE 20% OFF from 9am-11am ONLY. 
*not valid with any other promotions or discounts.*, We have our Winners for the Staff 2014 Halloween Costume Contest. Congratulations to all the winners.

First Place: Lauren from Dedham 
Second Place: Latisha from Boston
Third Place Winners: Danielle from Dedham and Alexanny from Boston, Do you know someone about to turn 30, or 40, or 50 or even 60? Sugar Heaven in Dedham has these clever mugs with candy. A great birthday treat, Latisha from Boston as a mime eating ice cream, The Sugar Angels of Boston and Dedham are dressing up for Halloween. Keep checking in throughout the week for more pictures, HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE!!! Who is dressed and ready to impress! BOSTON and DEDHAM SUGAR ANGELS ARE!!!!!!
Come stop by and say hello in your costume. 
BE SAFE and of course eat lots and lots of CANDY!!!!!, The Sugar Angels of Boston and Dedham are dressing up for Halloween. Keep checking in throughout the week for more pictures, The Sugar Angels of Boston and Dedham are dressing up for Halloween. Keep checking in throughout the week for more pictures, These vampires came in to say hi, Sugar Heaven Dedham had their second Halloween Costume Contest On Saturday Oct 25, 2014. We got a great entries. Here are some of the entries including the four winners of the Costume Contest. Congratulations to the winners and thank you for entering our Costume Contest. The Sugar Angels wish everyone a  Happy and Safe Halloween, You can win one of us!!!!!!! 
Come into Sugar Heaven tomorrow between 11:00 am & 1:00 pm, wearing a Halloween costume, get your photo taken by a sugar angel to enter to win. First place gets a Large Beanie Ball of their choosing. Second place gets a Medium Beanie Ball of their choosing, SUGAR HEAVEN IS CELEBRATING HALLOWEEN TOMORROW!

Come into Sugar Heaven to enter our Costume Contest. First place winner will win a Large Beanie Ball of their Choosing!!!! Second place will win a Medium Beanie Ball of their choosing.

Contest will be from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm in the back of the store., HEADING TO THE MOVIES?

Show us your ticket stub and get 10% off your entire purchase.

*Ticket stub must be from same day of purchase*

*Cannot be combined with any other offers*, Halloween is just around the corner! Have you picked out your costume yet?!?! Sugar Heaven will be having a costume contest at all properties. Winners will be receiving fun prizes! We will be providing further information within the next couple of days! 

Dress if you dare!, Halloween is in 13 days but why wait until then for some treats? We have more treats and even a few tricks in store, Show your patriotism! Come into Sugar Heaven wearing your patriots apparel for a sweet reward of 10% your entire purchase!! Offer is valid now through September 18th. Not valid with any other offers or discounts, Taste of Legacy Place is on Thursday, September 18th, 2014 6pm – 9pm. Click on the link below for more details

http://www.legacyplace.com/event/taste-of-legacy-place/2145442895, null, Any of your favorites rank in this Buzzfeed article?

http://www.buzzfeed.com/juliegerstein/the-definitive-ranking-of-candy-bars-from-grossest-to-most-d#1nl7m3v, Or in this case a bigger bag. Come into Sugar Heaven and get 10% off all gummy sharks in honor of Shark Week. Ends Sunday Aug 17 

Must be separately bagged and cannot be combined with other offers, Our store at Legacy Place in Dedham, MA. , Come and see Mickey at Sugar Heaven Dedham between 1-3 today, July 30, This is my favorite Jelly Belly artwork I've seen, Now this is artwork. It was created by Roger Rocha and took over 8,000 Jelly Belly's to create., The Sugar Angels are enjoying this beautiful weather, Our store at Legacy Place in Dedham, MA. , Mickey with Sugar Angels making Cotton Candy for the Legacy Place Summer Sidewalk series, Happy 4th of July. 15% off Red, White, & Blue M&M's from July 1 to the 4th

15% off separately bagged Red, white, and blue M&M's. This offer cannot be combined with other coupons or discounts., Come and get ready for any 4th of July BBQ or party at Sugar Heaven. Need a lot of candy for your party, come talk to a Sugar Angel about ordering for or go to sugarheaven.us for more information, Begin your summer off on the right foot. Come in to Sugar Heaven to get a delicious cotton candy.

We have more flavors then the carnival. Go to your local Sugar Heaven to find out, vote for Sugar Heaven, Candy History Fact: In the 1800's, physicians commonly advised their broken-heart patients to eat chocolate to calm their pining. A practice that is still used today, June is National Candy Month! Are you all prepared for what's in store this month? Stay tuned!, A sweet treat will be coming to our store soon. We'll try not to spoil this GIANT surprise!

Any guesses on what it might be?, Did you know?

An incredible 90 million pounds of chocolate candy is sold during Halloween week, taking a strong lead compared to other holidays. Almost 65 million pounds is sold during the week leading up to Easter and only 48 million pounds during Valentine’s week!

Are you all part of this sweet stat? :), It's time to pick up some sweets for your sweetie!

15% OFF 1lb or more of
Red Jelly Belly jelly beans
OR Red M&Ms!

Starting this Saturday, February 1st until Valentine's Day, February 14th!, Let's Go Patriots!, Start the week off in a sweet way! What's your favorite candy bar? Is it a #MilkyWay, #Mounds, #MarsBar, or #Munch?, We hope you all had a sweet and wonderful holiday!

Now it's time to ring in the New Year! The Sugar Angels are offering you all 20% OFF a 1lb purchase of M&M Coloworks from now until December 31st!, Happy Holidays everyone! We're open today until 9pm - time to get last minute gifts! Perfect for everyone :), Perfect for any occasion! A candy bar is great for upcoming holiday parties or birthdays!

We have over 150 different types of candy to choose from in a variety of colors and we carry shimmering colors of gumballs, sixlets and newly added Jelly Belly jelly beans!, Sweet Deals on Black Friday!

11/29 from 10am - 2pm, M&M Colorworks will be 25% off!, Sugar Heaven Riddle: What's a ghosts favorite food?

Want a hint? It's also the name brand of our backpacks, folders and pajama pants!, Candy Joke of the Day!

Q: What do they call a man who abandoned his diet?
A: DESSERTER.

Come on in this week and indulge in all things sweet!, Candy Quote of the Day: "A bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. 'You want to be careful with those,' Ron warned Harry. 'When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor - you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe!'"

Have you ever had Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans? Stop in today and pick up a box today!, This Labor Day weekend: all our gummy pythons are 30% off! Including our 30lb gummy snake!, Did you know? Saltwater taffy, a beloved New England treat, was “invented” in Atlantic City in 1883!, It's National Chocolate Day: come celebrate with us! We've got milk chocolate clodhoppers, chocolate covered oreos and marshmallow twists., Did you know? In 1984, President Ronald Reagan proclaimed that July would forever be known as National Ice Cream Month!, Happy Fourth of July, everyone! Stay sweet and safe tonight!, Tuesday, July 2nd, is National Creative Ice Cream Flavors Day! Celebrate with the Angels and try our favorites. We've got many to choose from including Coconut Awesomeness, Pumpkin Pie, and Gummy Bear!, Time to stock up on Fourth of July sweets! Stop in Tuesday and Wednesday and receive 20% off RED, WHITE, and BLUE M&Ms! Just remember to bag them separately from other colors., In honor of all the mothers out there, we're offering 20% off M&M Color Works this Friday through Sunday!!! Happy Mothers Day!!!, TO ALL SUGAR HEAVEN PATRONS.....WE ARE OPENING TOMORROW AT 9am  (yay!!)  As a gift for our Patrons and in honor of America..we are giving 20% off of all Candy or Ice Cream that is Red, White or Blue for the entire Day of Thursday April 25, 2013. (Must be bagged separately). We look forward to seeing all of you soon and Thank You for all your kind words and support., We all at SUGAR HEAVEN would like to thank the thousands of you who have written, texted or called to make sure we are all OK and we at SUGAR HEAVEN want all of you to know we feel extremely lucky that none of us were injured. The staff acted in a terrific manner in dealing with customers in the store and those out front who needed help and we are very proud of them..
We also express our deepest sorrow for those injured and the families of those who passed away do to such a horrific event.

David Sapers
SUGAR HEAVEN, Are you ready for Marathon Monday?!?! Make sure to stop by Sugar Heaven at the finish line for ice cold beverages and  to receive 20% off M&M Color Works. offer valid only on (4/15/2013), Make sure to stop by Sugar Heaven to pick up some sweet treats during the Greek Independence Day Parade!!! We have blue and white candies!, DID YOU KNOW??? Americans buy over 120 million pounds of candy during the Easter holiday. That's enough peeps, jelly beans and chocolate bunnies to fill more than 4,600 dump trucks., Make sure to stop by Sugar Heaven to receive 20% off your purchase of 2lbs or more on M&M Color Works!!! Today only. Don't miss this great deal!, Come visit Mickey at Sugar Heaven!, null, DID YOU KNOW??? More than 36 million heart-shaped boxes of chocolate will be sold for Valentine's Day. A survey conducted by the Chocolate Manufacturers Association revealed that 50 percent of women will likely give a gift of chocolate to a guy for Valentine's Day., DID YOU KNOW??? In 1868, Richard Cadbury made the first Valentine's Day box of chocolates, starting the tradition that continues today., DID YOU KNOW??? A solid 1.4 ounce milk chocolate bar contains about the same amount of caffeine as a cup of DEcaffeinated coffee. There is an average of 6 mg. of caffeine in both an ounce of milk chocolate and a cup of decaf, while a cup of regular coffee contains between 65 and 150 mg. of caffeine., DID YOU KNOW??? Candy does not promote tooth decay more than any other food. Any food containing fermentable carbohydrates, such as starches or sugars, can contribute to tooth decay. It all depends on how often we eat and drink these foods and how long they remain in our mouths. Good dental hygiene and regular fluoride treatments are the best ways to prevent cavities!, Meet Katrina! She came to Sugar Heaven for the first time today!, These customers were showing some great dance moves today!, null, null, Are you ready for Valentine's Day?? Come in to dedicate a heart to someone and we will post it on our front window for all to see! What better way to show the world your love and appreciation for that special someone!, DID YOU KNOW??? Candies like jelly beans, gum drops, and hard candies are low in calories!! Most of these types of candies are fat and cholesterol free too!, In 1917, Goldenberg Candy Company, in Philadelphia, PA, creates the Goldenberg's Peanut Chews as a high-protein energy ration for WWI troops (they aren't available to retail customers until 1921, however). The company sells and is renamed Just Born in 2003., DID YOU KNOW??? About 65 % of American Candy brands have been around for more than 50 years!!! We carry a lot of those brands!!, Congrats to Dave for being our December raffle winner!! Come in and spend $20 or more to enter our raffle! You could be a BIG WINNER!!!, Look at this amazing cotton candy!!! Come in and get yours! You could even create your own flavor!, DID YOU KNOW??? The sugar in candy does not cause hyperactivity in children, despite widespread belief to the contrary. Recent studies conducted at Vanderbilt University and the University of Iowa College of Medicine found no evidence that sugar has an adverse effect on children's behavior., DID YOU KNOW??? Halloween is the holiday with the highest candy sales, followed by Easter, Christmas, and Valentine's Day. With that being said, let's pay respect to our creepy candy and receive 20% OFF if you purchase it for you late night scares after 8PM Sun-Wed and after 10PM Thurs-Saturday!, DID YOU KNOW??? Candy is made by dissolving sugar in water. The different heating levels determine the different types of candy. Hot temperatures make hard candy, medium heat makes soft candy, and cool temperatures make chewy candy!, DID YOU KNOW?? Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it is kissing the conveyor belt., Come and celebrate the New Year with Sugar Heaven and get a FREE candy bag after 10PM with your purchase!! We're open til 1AM tonight!!, Come and start your New Year off right by joining us at Sugar Heaven! We will be open New Years Even from 10AM to 1AM New Years Day!!!, Come and start your New Year off right by joining us at Sugar Heaven! We will be open New Years Even from 10AM to 1AM New Years Day!!!, Come and start your New Year off right by joining us at Sugar Heaven! We will be open New Years Even from 10AM to 1AM New Years Day!!!, Hope everyone had a great holiday!, Its twisted Tuesday again!!!! Come and get your favorite flavored twists at 20% off!!, Come in for 20% off of the m&m color works!!, Come in and customize your own gift basket and receive 15% off!!, Tomorrow is Santa Sunday! Come in and customize your own gift basket and get 15% off!!, Its 10PM!! Are you coming in for you midnight jitters candy? It's 20% off!!!, Come in and get 15% off of your favorite super hero merchandise!, Come in for 15% off of your frappe!! It's Frappe Friday!!, Come in to receive 15% off of your fave jelly belly flavors!!!, Don't forget to come in tomorrow for 15% off of all Jelly Belly Beans!!, It's Wonka Wednesday!! See I you can figure out what the mystery Wonka product is!! You could get 15% off of it!, Come in for Twisted Tuesday!!! 20% off!!!, Every day we are having different specials leading up to the end of the holidays!! Mark your calendars!!!, null, Do you have the late night jitters??? If so, Come in from 10PM-12AM Thursday- Saturday, for our creepy candy and receive 20% with a purchase of $20 or more! Make sure you bag your creepy candy separately for the discount to apply!, null, Nearly 2 billion candy canes will be sold in the four weeks before Christmas and Hanukkah., When eating candy canes, boys were almost twice as likely to crunch their candy canes than girls (31% vs. 17%)., Most kids ages 6-11 years old say they eat a candy cane by sucking on it (54%), but that's not the only way to enjoy this favorite holiday treat:
Biting/crunching: 24%
Licking: 19%
Don't know: 2%
Other: 1%, We have candy from around the world! Where are you from??, null, null, Black Friday Special!!, Fill one of these pretty tins with treats this holiday season!!, COME IN ON BLACK FRIDAY FOR 20% OFF OF OUR M&MS COLOR WORKS COLLECTION!!, Host your next party at Sugar Heaven!!! We offer customized packages for any occasion and any budget!!, http://youtu.be/RVCTsGcXNeQ, We have many different sized jawbreakers! How much can you handle?, We have a full rainbow!! Perfect for parties with color schemes!, Come and visit our friends at our M&M color works station!, Fit for all budgets!, We offer kosher gift baskets!!, null, Follow us on Instagram and Twitter! Instagram=Sugarheavenboston Twitter=@sugarheavenbos
Get updates, product promotions, and fun photos!, Did u know that all of this candy is vegan?! We have this and sooo many more options to choose from! We also carry gluten-free and kosher products as well!, We have gift baskets that can cater to everyone's needs!, We have pre-made gift baskets fit for any budget!, Come in for your holiday gift baskets! You could also customize your own!, That's a huge lollipop! Can you eat all of that??, We offer gift cards! Our gift cards make the perfect gift for the holidays! You can also order them by phone and we can mail them to the address of your choice!, null, Are you ready to take the toxic waste challenge??, Hayley was the mad hatter for Halloween! She looks pretty mad to me!, null, Create your own pixie stick! Or turn your cotton candy sour! With our Pucker Powder Machine!, Going to the movies tonight or having a movie night of your own? Make sure you pick up your movie candy boxes!, Come in for our creepy, BUT FUN Candy!, Happy 4th of July! Come by for some ice cream before hitting the Esplanade!, Mmmmmm, Lime Sherbet. Soooo delicioussssss., Take a seat! Our outdoor seating is set up so you can enjoy your ice cream in this lovely weather!, SUGAR HEAVEN is ready for the Pride Parade tomorrow! Are you?! Come out and show your support! ;D, I SCREAM, YOU SCREAM, WE ALL SCREAM FOR ICE CREAM!, We're stocking and filling up for a candy filled Memorial Day weekend! Come join us and grab your favorites this weekend!, A custom candy cake is perfect for your graduation party or any event! ;D, Today is one of those days where you want to curl up on the couch with a good movie..so stop by SH, grab some movie snacks & snuggle up!, We want to wish all the Mom's out there the happiest Mother's Day!, Have you bought your Mom something sweet for her big day? Mother's Day is this Sunday so quick stop by for your last minute treats!, Mother's Day is fast approaching! Show her you care and buy her something sweet! <3, we want to wish a  BIG CONGRATULATIONS to all those who participated in this year's Boston Marathon! GOOD JOB & thanks for coming to visit!, Fudge is flying off the shelf! We've had fudge for less than a week and we're already running low! Stop by and grab some before we're all out! :D, Everybody loves a candy basket! This one was a special Birthday treat for a lollipop lovin' father from his 2-year-old son! :), BRITISH INVASION! We've stocked up on our imported candies, woohoo! With some EASTER imports to better any basket!, Power's back and we're ready to go! Stop by to satisfy that sweet tooth!, Sugar Heaven can bring light to your day, even if there is no power! ;)

http://www.boston.com/yourtown/boston/backbay/bbgallery/boylston_fire?pg=19, MARCH *ICECREAM* MADNESS!, We've now got Boston Baked Beans in bags, bulk and boxes! Stop by and grab some of this classic Boston favorite!, Make sure you're signed up with our mailing list! EXCLUSIVE promotions and discounts! Send us your email or stop by the store and sign up now!, A gift basket for the cast of "DARLING"
You should surprise someone special on this rainy day with a custom gift basket of your own! ;), null, null, Mmmmm. Sunkist Pink Grapefruit Jelly Belly's! Eat some to remind you of warmer weather! ;), Kermit, Ms. Piggy and Animal are in the house! Muppets PEZ Dispensers now in stock! :), Very Cherry is BACK! Come spend time with one jolly Jelly Belly! :D, Stop by Sugar Heaven tomorrow for some Jelly Belly fun! Costumes, tastings, giveaways and more!, Butterfingers courtesy of Sugar Heaven! http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/hundreds-of-pounds-of-butterfingers-dropped-on-bos
, You don't have to take our word for it, take theirs!

http://www.delish.com/food-fun/cool-candy-stores#fbIndex4, Go grab those last minute Super Bowl treats before the game begins! GO PATRIOTS!, Show us your SUPERBOWL SWAG! Get 12% off your purchase of $12 or more Friday-Sunday! GO PATS!, FREE COTTON CANDY ON YOUR BIRTHDAY!!!
(Proof of birthday with ID)
And 10% off your purchase of $10.00 or more., Stop by for SUPERBOWL treats! Everything to make your Superbowl party sweet! GO PATRIOTS!, Look for us on Google Offers this week!, Free ice cream toppings between 10PM-12AM every day through the end of January!, Sugar Heaven is doing a competition this month! For every $15 you spend you can guess how many sixlets are in the jar on our counter. The customer who guesses the closest wins the whole jar!, Give us your business card by the end of the month and be entered to win a $15 gift certificate!, Last chance! Spend $25 or more today and be eligible to enter to win a gift basket!, ENTER TO WIN! Give us your business card and be entered to win a $15 gift certificate at the end of the month, or spend $25 or more this weekend and be enetered to win a gift basket!, The first 50 customers who spend $10 or more today get a free cotton candy! Happy shopping!, The first 50 customers tomorrow to spend $10 or more get a free cotton candy, and anyone who spends $25 or more this weekend can enter to win a free gift basket! Offers valid in Boston and Dedham!, Sugar Heaven and its super sweet selection of all things candy invites all of our customers who shop this Black Friday November 25th through Sunday November 27th and spend over $25.00 to enter a chance to WIN A GIFT BASKET stocked with goodies to start your Holiday season off right! Valid at all locations!, Come in today before 2 PM and get 20% off of your malt ball purchase!, ENTER TO WIN! Drop off your business card at the store and be entered to win a $15 gift certificate at the end of the month!, One week until Black Friday! The first 50 customers who spend $10 or more at any of our stores will get a free cotton candy!, Come in between 10AM-2PM and get 20% off of your malt ball purchase!, null, Stop by before 2 pm today and get 20% off of your licorice purchase!, null, Come in before 2 pm today and get 20% off of your M&M Colorworks purchase!, It's licorice Tuesday! Come in before 2 PM and get 20% off your licorice!, Print out some coupons for discounts Monday-Thursday! Today's discount is for malt balls and tomorrow's is for licorice!, Come by today and get 10% off of your purchase of $10 or more!, Print this coupon and bring it into the Boston or Dedham store between 10AM-2PM for 20% off of your M&M Colorworks purchase!, It's Jelly Belly Wednesday! Print out this coupon and bring it to the Boston or Dedham store between 10AM-2PM to get 20% off your Jelly Bellies!, Stop by for some ice cream and cotton candy! We're open til midnight every night!, 85 degrees in October?! Come in and get some ice cream! The Ice Cream Factory at Sugar Heaven has tons of delicious flavors (like our new pumpkin ice cream!) and over 100 toppings!, Come try our new PUMPKIN ICE CREAM! Get some with caramel sauce and candy corn on top for the perfect fall treat!, Come in for some sweet deals on ice cream, and stop in this weekend to check out our new fall ice cream flavor!, Start stocking up for Halloween! We have candy skulls, blood bags, autumn mix, fangs and more!, Stay dry and come have an ice cream or frappe in our ice cream parlor! We are open 9am-12am today!, Come cool off with some ice cream! We're open til midnight!, Stop by today and check out some of our new products! Gummy turtles, licorice scottie dogs, Reese's Swirl Frozen Yogurt and much more!, To all of our new Facebook friends: Welcome to Sugar Heaven Boston :), Coming soon to Sugar Heaven Boston: SAMPLE SUGAR TUESDAY! 

Check back for details - but I promise you its going to be sweeeeet :)

Happy Wednesday Everyone!!!, Stay tuned...we're about to sweeten things up on our Facebook page!, Who's craving chocolate? I know I am! , Have your volume up on your computer & check out our store website @ : 
https://www.sugarheaven.us/home.htm, Quick, easy & affordable gift idea: Find out that special someone's favorite candies and guess what? We gift wrap! One stop shopping., You might not be on Space Shuttle Atlantis but come in and get a taste of what its like with some dry Astronaut ice cream! Yep, we sell it :) , Ice Cream + Candy Toppings = SUGAR HEAVEN, How many words can you make from the letters in SUGAR HEAVEN?, Weather in Boston: 78 degrees today - 40% chance of rain tonight.  I hope it doesn't rain :(  I want to bbq and watch fireworks!!!  What are your 4th of July plans?, Thank you everyone for "liking" our new business page :)  All of the angels and staff at Sugar Heaven wish all of you a Safe and Happy 4th of July!, Are you having friends over for the 4th of July holiday? Come in and mix red, white and blue m&m's together for a fun treat :), We want to know...Post your favorite type of candy or ice cream flavor :), Sweet enough? Don't worry - We sell sugar free candy!, Happy Sunday Everyone! :) , PHOTO OF THE DAY
We feel your pain...so many sweet options :), Happy 1st Day of Summer :), null, The Sugar Heaven Angels would like to wish every dad & soon-to-be dad a very Happy Father's Day <3, Spoil your dad tomorrow with a Sugar Heaven gift basket (only $25 & free cotton candy) and it comes with your choice of a Father's Day card :) , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSQdRz-HlJw

FATHER'S DAY GIFT BASKETS ON SALE NOW.  

Tell your dad how sweet it is to be loved by him.  
**Baskets come with your choice of a Father's Day card and FREE cotton candy**
OR
**Spend $25 (including the purchase of a Father's Day card) and receive FREE cotton candy**, Father's Day Gift Idea: Find out all of your dad's favorite types of candy - Sugar Heaven gift wraps! Nothing says I love you better than a bag full of delicious personalized treats :), We hope everyone has a sweet & sugary Saturday!, Thank you Hannah Wilhide, Kara Vinson, Boo Kuhn, and Amanda Landi for being a Sugar Heaven FB Fan :) Tell all your friends to "like" us too! We hope you have a sweeeeet weekend!!, "If there's no chocolate in heaven, I'm not going." Well there is...in Sugar Heaven!  We're open 'til midnight., What candy would you choose? The options are endless at Sugar Heaven Boston :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NyqXz_orvc&NR=1, Craving Candy?  Get off at Copley Station on the Green Line T!, null, Did you know the Easter Bunny shops at SUGAR HEAVEN? Where do you think he gets all his supplies?! Stop by :), Have you hopped by for any Easter candies yet?! :D, Purchase your Sugar Heaven Groupon TODAY! $10 for $20 worth of candy, ice cream and novelty toys!, http://my.groupon.com/deals/sugar-heaven?preview=true, ALSO, sign up at RueLaLa.com and get some EXCLUSIVE deals for Sugar Heaven Boston AND Dedham!, Get in to grab that one of kind Valentine's gift for your sweetie! Gift wrapping available for all the finishing touches! <3, http://www.hauteliving.com/2011/01/lick-your-lollipop-the-top-5-candy-shops-in-boston/, Win a Giant Whirly Pop! Come into the store for more details!, Know what looks a lot like snow, SUGAR. Come Get Your Fill!!!! Open til midnight Everynight!, Plans for First Night Boston tomorrow? Sweeten up the evening with a stop at Sugar Heaven, open til MIDNIGHT!!!, MMMMM Candy!!!!, We are closed tomorrow, but we hope everyone has a happy holiday and SUGAR HEAVEN will be back open at 9am on Sunday!, We're open from 9am-Midnight tonight/tomorrow & 9am-8pm X-mas Eve! Come grab your last minute stocking stuffers!!!, We are ready for the holidays...are you?! Get to SUGAR HEAVEN BOSTON at 9am all next week for those last minute stocking stuffers!, GET TO SUGAR HEAVEN BOSTON! <3)