List(Who you got??, null, We've loved working with Steve Nash. Hats off to an incredible career., 14-year old Steph Curry predicts NBA future., Can the Cavs make a run?, Where does Kobe rank on the list of all-time greats?, To celebrate the holidays, we're giving away autographed swag: http://woobox.com/oaiccs Which athlete will you pick?, Court Grip's got floor seats all season. Find yours here: http://bit.ly/11jL5VP, Good tips for lil' ballers., null, null, We had a front row seat for LeBron James' return home to the Cleveland Cavaliers! Who do you think is going to win it all this year?, Ballers, this #TBT giveaway is for you: http://woobox.com/fwbsbu, This kid is a beast., Ballers, this #TBT giveaway is for you: http://woobox.com/fwbsbu, Ballers, this #TBT giveaway is for you: http://woobox.com/fwbsbu, Are you on Fancred? Cool to see they rolled out on Android yesterday., Is Rubio ready to be the man?, Crown your NBA champ right now. Who are you picking to go all the way??, null, Was Spud the best little guy who could throw down?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5wBI98NXEE, Are the Cavs the real deal?

http://www.si.com/nba/2014/08/23/kevin-love-trade-timberwolves-cavaliers-sixers-lebron-james-andrew-wiggins, Crazy , Looks like Love is heading to join the Cavs., Dang., We are moving all of our basketball conversation over to our main page at Mission Athletecare. Please like our page to stay in the loop with Dwyane Wade, Dwight Howard, Carmelo Anthony, Brandon Jennings, Steve Nash ... plus find out about contests and product information!

https://www.facebook.com/missionathletecare, Lesley's too fast for Instagram. Watch the dunk here: http://instagram.com/p/qzgBUWC9q1 #courtgrip, Will Kevin Love be a Cav?, Lebron's decided on Cleveland. What about Melo? Tell us here and you could win a signed jersey: http://bit.ly/1waMQxr
, Enter to win a pair of autographed gloves from Georges St-Pierre!

http://woobox.com/22cfmd, Any predictions before announcements are made?
, Enter to win a USA Cooling Kit! http://woobox.com/arfkka, Where will Melo be next season? NY? Miami? Chicago?, Be ready the next time the AC goes out. Take 20% off our cooling products with promo code NBAFINALS. ow.ly/xGNX8 #nbafinals, Heat vs Spurs: who are you picking to win it all? http://ow.ly/xvggW, Keep #dad cool this #fathersday http://ow.ly/xvfX6, Hey, @carmeloanthony, Happy 30th!, We just launched our #instagram channel http://instagram.com/missionathlete, @KiffyAnn come check out the Mission tent and cool down with the Eduracool towel!, That's how a vet steps up when it matters http://ow.ly/wtpxR #thetruth, If you had the #1 pick this year, who would you lock up?, Game on the line, final seconds, what player do you want with the rock in his hands?, What is your vote for dunk of the year?? http://ow.ly/vCUhf, Great game! Who are you picking??, You can have Bird or Magic, in their prime, to build a team around. Who do you pick?, Who is the hardest working #NBA player on the court?, 10-for-22 from downtown, and a new NBA record for attempts. How do you feel about J.R. Smith's game on Sunday?, This season's MVP will be _____________?, You're not going to out-work @BrandonJennings, If you could pick one current active player to build your team around, who would it be?, Keep cool this spring by entering our ON MISSION giveaway http://woobox.com/qcoa2y, Cool article about the history of Chuck Taylors http://ow.ly/vcmhu, Two part question ... best dunker in the history of the game, and single best dunk you've ever seen?, '89 Pistons celebrated the 25th anniversary of their championship season on Friday. 

What is the single greatest team and season in NBA history? , Increase lateral quickness up to 24% with Court Grip, Enter to win a $100 Mission Prize Pack! http://woobox.com/qcoa2y, Unreal #gopro hoops footage http://ow.ly/v1BLT, null, What is your all-time favorite basketball sneaker?, Veronica T., we know how muscle pain can make you restless or lose sleep after those long runs.  We're sending you some Max Muscle Rehab Gel to ensure you feel great so you can keep on trucking!

Last couple of days to share your own Mission for 2014 at http://bit.ly/MB_Wade and you could win a signed Dwyane Wade jersey! #WhatsYourMission, NBA and MISSION Partner, Dwight Howard shares Center for Centers -  #EnduraCool #CourtGrip, 62 points! MISSION Partner, Carmelo Anthony was on fire tonight. , John K., we salute your drive to become a better basketball player (we love Dwyane Wade too!), so we're sending you some Court Grip to get a leg up on the competition!

Share your own Mission for 2014 at http://bit.ly/MB_Wade and you could win a signed DWade jersey! #WhatsYourMission, Elenora R., it takes a lot of hard work to become a volleyball champion, so we'd like to give you a little extra edge out there on the court.  We're sending you some Court Grip - Volleyball for improved traction and explosiveness.  Thanks for sharing your MIssion with us!

If you'd like to share your own Mission for 2014, head over to http://bit.ly/MB_Wade and tell us what you're working towards this year.  You may even win a signed Dwyane Wade jersey!  #WhatsYourMission, Every year it gets tougher, but now I’m on a mission. 

Share your personal Mission for 2014 with me here: http://bit.ly/MB_Wade for your chance to win an autographed jersey from yours truly and Mission Basketball

-Mission Partner, Dwyane Wade, From everyone here at Mission Athletecare / Mission Basketball, we wish you a Happy New Year! Welcome 2014!, John H. shared his mission to "take over the world" in 2014, so John, we're gonna send you some Power Grip - All Sport which should help with the heavy lifting!

Share your own Mission with us at http://bit.ly/MB_Wade and you could win an autographed jersey from Dwyane Wade. #WhatsYourMission, Gary B. said his mission was to "Be Cool" in 2014, so we're sending him an EnduraCool Hoodie to keep him moving towards that goal.  Thanks Gary!

Share your own Mission with us at http://bit.ly/MB_Wade and you could end up winning a very cool autographed jersey from Dwyane Wade.  #WhatsYourMission, Hey, Jennifer C.!  We salute your Mission to stay healthy in 2014, so we're sending you an EnduraCool Towel to keep you going during those workouts!

#WhatsYourMission for 2014?  Share your own goals with us here http://bit.ly/MB_Wade. and you could win a Dwyane Wade autographed jersey!, Melissa M. - we want you to land that D1 Lacrosse scholarship, so we're sending you some Power Grip - All Sport to help you grab that Mission with both hands!  

Share your own Mission here http://bit.ly/MB_Wade and you'll be entered to win an autographed Dwyane Wade jersey!  #WhatsYourMission, Win a Dwyane Wade autographed jersey in our #WhatsYourMIssion contest!  Visit http://bit.ly/MB_Wade to view our latest commercial, like Mission Basketball, and  tell us what your MIssion is to be entered to win., Check out Dime Magazine Holiday Gift Guide! Court Grip on page #8!!!, Vote for Mission Partner GSP Today!!! 

 We’re in the very last stretch of the EA SPORTS UFC Cover VOTE! If you use the #VOTEGSP hashtag today on Twitter then it automatically counts as 2 votes!! 
https://twitter.com/GeorgesStPierre, Click and vote for MISSION Partner, Georges St-Pierre to help beat Hendricks in the EA SPORTS UFC Cover VOTE: http://www.ufc.com/covervote! Use the #VOTEGSP hashtag today and it counts double!!, Check out "Journey to 3" and enter to win a Championship Kit with D-Wade's favorite things! @MissionAthlete #TureChamp, Hoops season is here! Complete the brief survey below for a chance to win Court Grip™ for the full season (12 bottles)!!

https://aytm.com/rfa091e, null, null, If you haven't checked this video out, you should. Hilarious... nearly 4 million views in less than a month!, MISSION™ Partner, Carmelo Anthony dedicated his 11th court for kids in Puerto Rico during a Very Melo Weekend. 

Check out the video - http://www.thisismelo.com/video/puerto-rico-court-dedication/, Make sure to tune into ABC ‘The View’ tomorrow morning 8/2 at 11AM EST-- Keep a lookout for Mission Athletecare #Enduracool, null, AAU Ballers lovin' the @CourtGrip here at AAU Nationals.  #crazytraction, AAU Ballers rockin' the #Enduracool #hoodie at @DisneySports for AAU Nationals!  #feelcoolballharder, @CourtGrip is here live at  ESPN Wide World of Sports for AAU Nationals.  We're giving away great prizes every day! Check it out!, We are headed down to AAU Nationals at Disney Wide World of Sports next week. We will be supplying plenty of Court Grip & Power Grip for all ballers.  Who's gonna be there?, If you were Dwight Howard, which team would you sign with?, Miami Heat Championship Parade! Huge congrats to MISSION Partner, Dwyane Wade on #3!! Mission Athletecare #EnduraCool #feelcoolgoharder, null, Dwyane Wade representing Mission Athletecare with his Enduracool towel during the Miami Heat Championship parade. #feelcoolgoharder, Congrats to Mission partner Dwyane Wade and his Miami Heat teammates on winning their 2nd consecutive NBA Title!!!!, null, When competition heats up, stay cool with MISSION Enduracool™ @MissionAthlete #feelcoolgoharder, Check out the great clip from ESPN today featuring @DwyaneWade Eurostep (and his secret weapon MISSION Court Grip)., Congrats to Mission partner Dwyane Wade and his Miami Heat teammates on winning their 3rd straight Eastern Conference Championship.  Best of luck in the Finals!, Heat-Pacers tonight....huge game!!! Who you got?, Happy B-Day to Mission partner Carmelo Anthony !!!, Gear up for the summer with this great offer!!! Save 30%!!! #feelcoolgoharder
http://tinyurl.com/ozbndv8, null, Some great shots from the Mission Athletecare event this morning at Boom Fitness NYC. Mission Partner Reggie Bush was there to take members of the media through a workout and showcase Mission's new line of "Enduracool Gear"!, Mission Athletecare partner Reggie Bush will be at Sports Authority on 52nd & 3rd Ave NYC tomorrow 4:15-4:45 to intro new cooling products! Check it out!, What do you think of Andrew Wiggins choice to attend Kansas?, Who played in an AAU game/tourney over the weekend?  How did you do?, Which undersized guard has been more fun to watch so far this post-season...Nate Robinson or Steph Curry?, Outdoor ballers....the days of putting a regular towel over your head are over!  Check it out!, Big Announcement today! Check out our new line of Enduracool Wearable Cooling Gear--#feelcoolergoharder, Great Youth Basketball Tourney coming up this summer in Vegas from our friends at Big City Sports...check it out., Can anyone stop the Heat in the playoffs?, Are we looking at the #1 pick in the 2017 NBA Draft?  Too early to tell?  Take a look!!!, Which is your favorite?, Congrats to Mission Partner Carmelo Anthony on his 2013 NBA Scoring Title.  On to the playoffs!!!!, What is your NBA Finals Matchup?, Sick move..., From our friends at Hoop Group...some great events this Spring/Summer for youth ballers!, Our favorite part of the NCAA Tourney....What did you think of this year's "One Shining Moment"?, Who do you got tonight?, Best of luck to Coach Boeheim and his Syracuse Orangemen in tomorrow night's National Semifinal game vs. Michigan.  Check out Coach's thoughts on his secret weapon!, Check out Dime Magazine "Court Grip Difference Maker of the Week"!, What is your favorite game on this list?, Attention AAU Ballers!  
We are giving away a free case of Court Grip to get the AAU season started.  Please post why your team needs the free case and we will pick our favorite answer at 5pm tomorrow!, Who's playing AAU hoops this spring summer?  Do you like AAU better than regular season?  Why?, Congrats to Mission Partner-Coach Jim Boeheim and his Syracuse Orangemen on their first trip back to the Final Four since 2003, when another Mission Partner named Carmelo Anthony led them to a National Championship!, Who's watching games tonight?, The likely #1 pick in the 2014 NBA Draft, Only 16 teams left...who's gonna cut down the nets in Atlanta?, What do you think?  Does D. Wade have a future in broadcasting?, UNREAL!!!! Congrats to Florida GC.  Best of luck vs. Florida!, Best of luck to Mission Partner-Coach Boeheim in Syracuse's opening round game tonight vs. Montana.  Be on the lookout for  Coach B's "secret weapon" in the little grey bottle on the scorer's table & water cooler., How many NCAA brackets will you fill out this year?, null, What do you think of the new Adidas uniform collection this season for some of their top teams?, null, Which major NCAA Conf Tourney are you most excited to watch this week?, Will the Lakers make the playoffs this year?  If so, how far will they go?, null, NCAA Tourney or NBA Playoffs?  Which do you prefer?, You gotta love basketball... check this buzzer-beater out! wow., Congrats to Mission Partner Dwyane Wade for being named by Dime Magazine the #1 Best Dressed Player in the NBA!!, Great shot of Univ of Kansas hoops player using Court Grip pre-game a couple of nights ago vs. Iowa St.!, What do you think of the Nike Elite Socks?, null, Thanks to Aaron from Columbia, MD for sending us this great shot of Dwight Howard using Mission Power Grip on his hands during today's game vs. the Mavs. Another solid win for Dwight and the Lakers!, Check it out...chance to meet Mission Partner Steve Nash in LA!!!!, Lots of great NBA games on tonight?  What game are you watching?, Sick move by MKG!!!, Finish Line  is offering their customers a chance to win a trip to an LA Lakers game and a Meet & Greet with Mission Partner Steve Nash! 

Check it out!, Averaging 28.6 points per game... Carmelo Anthony is having one of the best seasons of his 10-year career!!

@MISSIONAthlete @CourtGrip #PowerGrip, James White using COURT GRIP in the Slam Dunk Contest!!
...Big thanks to Jayden from Chicago for sending this great pic!, Skullcandy /Enduracool Towel being modeled at the NBA All-Star Weekend Skullcandy Suite.  Tons of top NBA players rockin' it in Houston!, Great article about Dwayne Wade and Mission Court Grip on BleacherReport.com.  Check it out!, NBA All-Star weekend is only a few days away.  What is your favorite event of the weekend?, It's almost PLAYOFF TIME and we're giving away a FREE CASE OF COURT GRIP to one lucky team for their Post-Season run!  

Just write in and tell us why your team deserves the free case and we'll pick one winner tomorrow (Friday) at 5pm!, Mission Basketball is so excited to be an official partner of Ohio Basketball, www.ohiobasketball.com--one of the leading Grassroots Youth Basketball organizations in the country.  Ballers will now have the chance to use Court Grip and Power Grip at all Ohio Basketball tourneys this spring/summer!, James White is a BEAST! Who else do you want to see in this year's Slam Dunk Contest?, Do you agree with this choice?  If not, who would you have chosen instead of Lopez?, Interesting..., GREAT STORY from our friends at Dime Magazine!  A great cause being supported by some of the top High School hoops teams in the country!, Melo went OFF last night!!!!, Check out some great shots of ballers using Mission Court Grip and Power Grip at the 3rd Annual Rucker/MLK High School Tourney in Philly!, Do you put anything on your hands for better grip when playing ball?, Sick highlights from top players at HoopHall Classic!, We are now just at the mid-point of the NBA Season.  Who is your pick for 1st half MVP?, Some great pix of action from the Top High School Hoops tourney in the country, The best High School Player on the West Coast-(Aaron Gordon) went OFF today at the HoopHall Classic! Check out this sick coast-to-coast throwdown!!!, We're here live in Springfield, MA at the HoopHall Classic, #1 High School Basketball Tourney in the country...we'll be posting some highlights of all the best action.  Check out New Hampton's Lincoln Davis on the break!, Do you agree?, 2013 NBA All-Star Jerseys unveiled today...what do you think?, null, What are your thoughts on wearing padded compression shorts & shirts while playing hoops?, Mission Athletecare is so honored to be named 2012 Sports Marketer of the Year by NY Sports Journalism!, FRIDAY NIGHT HOOPS!  Who's playing in or watching a game tonight?, Last day to enter to WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED DWYANE WADE JERSEY!  If you have used Court Grip, complete a brief survey to let us know what you think. The first 100 respondents will get a $10 gift certificate to MissionAthleteCare.com and everyone will have a chance to win the autographed Dwayne Wade jersey! Must be at least 13 years old to participate. Expires 1/10/13 at midnight EST., What????, Have you completed the Court Grip survey? If you have used Court Grip, complete a brief survey to let us know what you think. The first 100 respondents will get a $10 gift certificate to MissionAthleteCare.com and everyone will have a chance to win an AUTOGRAPHED DWYANE WADE JERSEY! Must be at least 13 years old to participate. Expires 1/10/13 at midnight EST., Do you "trash talk" to your opponents on the court? If so....does it work in taking them out of their game?, null, Calling all Ballers: If you have used Court Grip, complete this brief survey to let us know what you think. The first 100 respondents will get a $10 gift certificate to MissionAthleteCare.com and everyone will have a chance to win a DWYANE WADE AUTOGRAPHED JERSEY! Must be at least 13 years old to participate. Expires Thurs 1/10 at midnight EST., Congrats Melo....keep it goin'!, If you could pick one current NBA player to build a team around today....who would it be?, Hey Ballers....we are giving away a free case of Court Grip tomorrow at 3pmEST!  Tell us why you and your team need "The Grip" this season (by 3pm tomorrow) and we will pick one fan to get the free case!, Are the LA Clippers for real?, Mission Basketball Sponsors the Wadleigh-Rucker Christmas Classic, Happy New Year from Everyone at Mission Basketball!, Who should the Brooklyn Nets hire as their new Head Coach?, From time to time, we get requests from our customers & friends for an inside look at "How Court Grip Works" in providing enhanced traction for ballers.  Check it out...., What is the best "basketball related" gift you received this year for the holidays?, What do you think of this new Chris Paul commercial?, From everyone here at MISSION, Happy Holidays!  Some GREAT NBA matchups today.  Which game are you most excited to watch?, This is insane!, Good choice by Jabari Parker picking Duke?  If you could pick any college hoops program to play for, what would it be?, null, Check out the Court Grip review in the latest issue of Hoop Magazine!, Congrats to Mission Partner and Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim on his 900th Win.  He joins Coach Bobby Knight and Coach Mike Krzyzewski in the 900 win club! Who is the best player that Coach Boeheim has coached in his 37 years at Syracuse?, What are your thoughts on shooting sleeves?  Do you wear them?  If so, what does it do for you?, Congrats to the team from Chicago, winners of the Red Bull Midnight Run!, null, What NBA team has the biggest home court advantage & why?, Join Mission Athlete Dwight Howard in supporting his new "Save the Centers" campaign!, From our friends at @HoopCulture....check out their sick line of t-shirts for the true baller!
They are giving away 12 T-shirts today in celebration of 12-12-12. Follow @hoopculture for more details!, null, Some great info for ballers on the most effective way to use Court Grip..., Who is the strongest player in the NBA right now?, null, Do you wear ankle braces when you play hoops?  Do you think they are helpful in avoiding injuries?, Atlanta Hawks Head Athletic Trainer Wally Blase provides some great pre-game warmup tips that can help improve performance and reduce injury., Some great stuff here...., In honor of Jimmy V week! One of the most inspiring speeches of all time!, What is your go-to song that gets you pumped up right before tipoff?, null, D-Wade talkin' about when he "grips".  Tell us when you grip.  We'll pick one person's answer and award you a free case of Court Grip!, null, The Gators are Grippin!  Thanks to Andrew from Gainesville, FL for snapping this pic of the Court Grip bottle on the Florida Gators sideline last night in their win over Marquette!, Thanks to Dwight Howard for being a part of the Mission Basketball commercial shoot yesterday!  We will be posting more pix & videos in the next few days/weeks. Here is one from our shoot earlier this year..., What is your favorite rivalry?, @Dwight Howard on the set of the Mission Basketball shoot, using his Enduracool Towel to stay cool!, Superman has arrived and is getting the download on the shoot...., LA Lakers Asst Coach Chuck "The Rifleman" Person on the set of the Mission Dwight Howard commerical shoot.  Check back tonight and tomorrow for "behind the scenes" pix!, D-Wade on "Playing His Game"., Brandon Jennings secret weapon...., __________is the best college basketball player in the country., D-Wade on his "Difference" during the Heat's run to the title last season!, Looking for the perfect holiday gift?  Check it out!  http://tinyurl.com/av9dlz7, Check out this great Black Friday Offer from our Friends POINT 3 Basketball!  Sick gear for ballers!  www.point3basketball.com, D-Wade on-court training session!, Will this record ever be broken?, null, Congrats to Mission partner Georges St-Pierre on his victory Saturday night over Carlos Condit!, Who is the most explosive leaper in the NBA right now?, Good luck tomorrow night to Mission partner GSP!, Calling all ballers! Stock up on your Court Grip & Power Grip for the season with this limited time offer!  
Buy Court Grip and get a FREE Power Grip!, This is INSANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Dwyane Wade explaining the art of one of his go-to moves...the EuroStep!, Great coverage on ESPN about how Court Grip is being adopted in the NBA!, Dime Magazine's "Court Grip Difference Maker of the Week", What is your favorite basketball uniform of all time?  Is it the old school tradition of Indiana or the new wave of flourescent or camouflage uniforms? Click on the link, vote for your favorite high-school, college or pro uniform and you'll be entered to WIN a signed Dwyane Wade basketball and other prizes from @MissionBasketball http://tinyurl.com/b4446e2, The Madness has begun!!!, Some great warmup tips from Washington Wizards Athletic Trainer Eric Waters!, Melo giving back..., Would you have fired Mike Brown?, Where are you shopping this weekend for your hoops gear?, The College Hoops season officially tips off tomorrow. Who is your pick for player of the year?, D-Wade talks to Vibe TV about the importance of developing products that athletes want!, Syracuse Head Coach Jim Boeheim on how Court Grip Helps his team!  Good luck to the Orangemen this Friday as they kick off the college hoops season vs. San Diego St. in the Battle on the Midway!, Who is the best pure shooter in the NBA right now?, null, Check out D-Wade practicing his pre-game routine...all in less than 90 seconds!  What is YOUR pre-game routine?, Mission partner Brandon Jennings and his SICK GAME WINNER at the buzzer last night!!!!, Hear what NBA Athletic Trainers are saying about the performance benefits of Mission Court Grip for their players!, Hysterical!  A must watch!, What did you think of the Lakers performance last night?  Serious "Team Chemistry" issues or too early to tell?, As we get ready for tip off of Heat-Celtics opening night matchup, check out this pic that Eric from Ft. Lauderdale just sent over to us, featuring the Heat's "secret weapon" from last year's title run on the bench next to Coach Spoelstra!, Who's Grippin' Now?  Court Grip is quickly catching on in Pro & College Hoops . Be on the lookout for players "gripping" and post a pic by visiting link below to win cool stuff! 
http://on.fb.me/RLW6VF, Who's ready for the NBA season to tip-off tonight?, From the D-Wade/Mission Court Grip commercial shoot, check out D-Wade talkin' about his favorite music before and after games!, Gettin' ready for the hoops season? Click here for this limited time offer! Purchase Court Grip and get a free bottle of Power Grip and feel THE DIFFERENCE!  http://bit.ly/Uggjrn, Favorite throwback jersey? Best crossover? Click on the link below, post your favorites and win some sick prizes from D-Wade, Carmelo Anthony, Steve Nash and others! http://bit.ly/Rj3fiu, Another behind the scenes shot from the D-Wade/Mission Court Grip commercial shoot!, Behind the scenes at the D-Wade/Mission Court Grip commercial shoot. D-Wade in the barber's chair!, We are on the plane heading to Miami to film new COURT GRIP videos with D Wade.  He challenged us to bring “some good work out music” to bump during our filming...  Making a playlist on Spotify on the plane RIGHT NOW.  Talk to me people-What are must haves on this playlist?!  Need to finalize within the hour!, D-Wade talkin' about his secret weapon!, What is your pick for the best basketball city?, Take an inside look at the Science & Technology behind Court Grip!, Great article....who is the biggest trash talker in the NBA today?, Hoops practice is starting soon in many parts of the country. 
Post 3 reasons why your team needs a free season supply of Court Grip this season. 
We'll pick our favorite answer and ship out a season supply so you and your team have plenty of traction this season!, Who is your pre-season Final Four?, “Ain’t that where the Heat play? Yep! Ain’t that just like D. Wade? “
COURT GRIP back in the game during today's HEAT game vs the SPURS.  Season is around the corna- u ready!?!?, Great article about Court Grip in DIME Magazine today!, From now through Sunday at 11pm, we are offering a SPECIAL 30% DISCOUNT on all Court Grip orders. Click on link below and use code BALLER30 at checkout!!!, In case you missed it, check out this sick NEW video where Milwaukee Bucks star Brandon Jennings talks about his "go-to move"!, Check out this NEW Brandon Jennings video...  Brandon explains his secret weapon on his signature Step Back Jumper!, The #1 ranked Freshman in the Nation and the consensus #1 pick in the 2013 NBA Draft has just been cleared to play this year at Kentucky!  The guy is a shot-blocking machine...check it out!, Stat line for Lin this season?  Avg Points/Avg Assists
per game?, Ballers everywhere are starting to stock up on their hoops gear for the season. What are 3 key items that you can't live without?, Do you watch NBA Pre-Season games, or will you wait for when it really counts in 2 weeks?, Tonight...Midnight Madness is taking place on College campuses throughout the country, officially marking the start of the College Hoops season.  Who is your early pick for National Champion?, Who is the quickest player in the NBA right now?, null, null, Today from 4pm-10pm, we are offering a SPECIAL 30% DISCOUNT on all Court Grip orders. Click on link below and use code BALLER30 at checkout!!!, We're curious....what are the top 3 Basketball sites that you visit/follow?, Nice move...must've been the Court Grip!!!, What are YOU doing this weekend to improve your game?, Who is the biggest flopper in the NBA?, Congrats Dwyane!, 26 NBA teams held media day today and most teams start training camp tomorrow.  Which team improved the most during the off-season?  Why?, Looking forward to seeing D-Wade take the floor this season!, What basketball skill are you working on hardest this offseason?, Do you agree with this list?  Who is missing?, Mission was proud to support the Brayden Carr Coach's Clinic featuring Billy Donovan (Florida), Tom Crean (Indiana), Stan Van Gundy, and several others, Melo taking care of the kids in Puerto Rico!!!, What do you think?, Don't forget...TODAY at 4PM!!!,  D-Wade is heading over to the Hawthorne, CA Sports Authority to sign books. Meet him there! The first 50 People to buy Court Grip will get a free copy of his new book #AFATHERFIRST, Hey LA!  D-Wade is heading over to the Hawthorne, CA Sports Authority to sign books this Friday @4PM. Meet him there!  The first 50 People to buy Court Grip will get a free copy of his new book #AFATHERFIRST, Who's more valuable to their team?  LeBron or KD?  Why?, What do you think of the new court in Brooklyn?, null, null, Mission Partner Dwyane Wade signing copies of his new book @SportsAuthority Dolphin Mall Miami tomorrow at 3 PM. Check it out! #AFATHERFIRST, Who would you rather have as your starting center-Shaq in his prime or Dwight Howard in his prime?  Why?, Funny!, Congrats to @DwyaneWade on the release of his first book #AFatherFirst! Support positive role models, get ur copy 2day, null, null, Check out Will's progress and don't forget to support this great cause! MISSION IS GIVING AWAY AN AUTOGRAPHED D-WADE JERSEY! "Like” the Operation Hawkeye Facebook page and place a minimum $10 donation at www.redcirclefoundation.org/ophawkeye.html One lucky winner will receive this great prize!!!, REMINDER: MISSION IS GIVING AWAY AN AUTOGRAPHED D-WADE JERSEY! "Like” the Operation Hawkeye Facebook page and place a minimum $10 donation at www.redcirclefoundation.org/ophawkeye.html One lucky winner will receive this great prize!!!, MISSION IS GIVING AWAY AN AUTOGRAPHED D-WADE JERSEY!  "Like” the Operation Hawkeye Facebook page and place a minimum $10 donation at www.redcirclefoundation.org/ophawkeye.html  One lucky winner will receive this great prize!!!, Congrats to our MISSION Athlete, @DwyaneWade on the release of his first book 'A Father First - How my life became bigger than basketball'.
 
You can find your copy in bookstores next Tuesday!!, Great workout tips to get ready for the season..., The Mission team is proud to support Will and Operation Hawkeye in this endeavor!! "Like” the Operation Hawkeye Facebook page and consider placing a donation at www.redcirclefoundation.org/ophawkeye.html 

“Earlier this month the nation marked the one-year anniversary of the attack in Afghanistan that claimed the lives of 17 Navy SEALs and 14 other Special Operations heroes in what was the largest single-day loss to date in Operation Enduring Freedom, and in the history of the Navy SEALs. This tragedy moved Will Thomas, a VA middle-schooler, to launch Operation Hawkeye to honor the fallen and rally support for their families, using basketball. Will shot 20,000+ baskets to raise $50,000 over Labor Day weekend last year. This Labor Day weekend, he's back with a shooting challenge called RISE AND FIRE to raise over $300,000 for the families of all 31 members of the mission team by shooting over
 2,600 3-pointers, This kid is sick!!!  You could be looking at the #1 Pick in the 2014 NBA Draft!, Some great tips for off-season skills development from Mission Athlete Steve Nash!, Happy B-day Kobe!, Check out this tee in new Chicago colors to support a city that has been one of the hardest hit by gun violence.  Pick up a shirt and help support this great cause, led by Dime Magazine!, Melo puttin' in work!, null, Hysterical!, Who would be on your "Dream Team" of 3 NBA players for the USA 3 on 3 National Team?, null, All the Court Grip in the world wouldn't have helped Nocioni on this one!, Could this finally happen?, What would you rather win....NBA Championship or Olympic Gold Medal?, If you could "cut" one player on the current USA Olympic Basketball team and replace him with a member of 1992 Dream Team, who would be the player from each team?, Some great tips here..., NBA Champion, Mission Partner... A Father First. check out Dwyane Wade's video talking about his new book!, Check out some of the top female pro & college ballers hoopin' at historic Dyckman Park and staying cool with the Mission Enduracool Towel!, Congrats to Mission Partner Dwyane Wade on the Sept 4th launch of his new book "A Father First".  Be sure to pick up a copy!!! http://t.co/euQt36MM, From our friends at Dime Magazine....please support this great cause to end the violence!, Mission Athletecare is proud to support this game tonight, brought to you by our friends at Dyckman Basketball..  Check it out...all of the ballers will be sportin' Pink Enduracool towels!!!, Some great early season matchups!, Don't miss this...gonna be a good one!  @HoopsintheSun vs The Goodman League (@inside_da_gates) LIVE THIS Sunday! 3PM, The Olympics start in a week.  Who will lead Team USA Basketball in scoring?, Mission is a proud partner of Dyckman Basketball and have been providing Enduracool Towels to Dyckman Ballers all Summer.  This Friday, be sure to check out the ladies who will be takin' the court and staying cool with Pink Enduracool Towels!, What are you doing this summer to be able to play at the next level?, What are you thoughts on NBA Summer League?  Do you have any interest in watching?, Interesting article...what do you think?  Is Lin worth it?, Thanks to Mack from Vegas for sending this pic of Enduracool being used at NBA Summer League!, Is this a good thing for Team USA?, It's official...Congrats Steve!  Enjoy your new home!                 Can the Lakers now challenge OKC in the west?  What do you think?, From everyone here at Mission---wishing D-Wade a speedy recovery and quick return to the form below...., null, The heatwave continues here in the Northeast...check out how ballers at Orchard Beach's famous outdoor league "Hoops in the Sun" are staying cool with the Enduracool Instant Cooling Towel..., Congrats to Mission Athlete Steve Nash on his move to LA!, This little guy is insane!, What are YOU doing to get better this summer?, From our good friends at Hoops In the Sun:

This Saturday & Sunday, June 30 & July 1, the  
Hoops in the Sun Roundball Classic presents its 
3rd Annual "Great American Weekend" featuring 13 Youth Games
and 5 Men's Games - including the rematch of the 2011 HITS
Men's Championship between Bingo's All-Stars and R2K.

All of the action takes place at Orchard Beach in the Bronx, NY,
aka "The Bronx Riviera" and "Sun Stadium"

Follow the league all summer long on Twitter @hoopsinthesun,
"Like" them at Facebook.com/Hoopsinthesun and visit their
website at www.hoopsinthesun.net, The 2012 NBA Draft is only 2 days away. If you were the Charlotte Bobcats GM, who would you take w/the 2nd pick & why?, From everyone at Mission, congrats to D-Wade and his Miami Heat teammates on unbelievable season.  2012 NBA CHAMPIONS!!!, Does the Heat close it out tonight or are we going back to OKC?, From the Nike ProCity Basketball League---Former NBA guard Smush Parker using Court Grip..., Huge win for D-Wade & the Heat last night! Do they close out the series at home tomorrow night?, null, How do you stay cool when you are ballin' outside in the summer heat?, null, Does LeBron need to go off like Game 6 vs. the Celtics for the Heat to win tonight?, Some D-Wade Highlights to get us pumped for Game 1 tonight!, Underrated aspect of the game..., Who's got the edge in this matchup & who's gonna win?, Do the C's get the W tonight and make it a series or do LBJ, D-Wade & the Heat roll tonight?, TIME CHANGE: TONIGHT AT 9:15PM EST, Our revolutionary new cooling towel- Enduracool is on HSN . Be sure to tune in and pick up a 3-pack for only $29.95!!! , Crazy heat the last couple of days here in the Northeast!  If you're ballin' outdoors this summer or in hot gyms w/no AC, check out our new cooling towel-Enduracool!  Tune in to HSN tomorrow  Thurs 9:45a, 2p & 9:45p EST to get a 3-pack for $29.95!   , Is this Spurs/Thunder series over if OKC loses tonight?, Outdoor Ballers---Only 3 days left: 2 Enduracool Towels for $20!!!!, Weather outside is gettin' toasty.  All you outdoor ballers--Beat the heat w/this sick deal from Schwaggle!  2 Enduracool Instant Cooling Towels for $20! Offer ends in 4 days!, HUUUGE game in Miami tonight!  Winner will likely take the series.  Who you got?, Great article about KU Hoops Strength Coach!, null, How does this effect Miami's title hopes for this season?, Great video from Dr. Feder (renowned Orthopedic Surgeon and Athletic Training Expert) on how Court Grip's enhanced traction can impact Athletic Performance...., Think you can play?  Check this out:, D-Wade was a BEAST last night at the Mecca!, null, MISSION BASKETBALL's FRIENDS & PARTNERS AT DYCKMAN YOUTH ENTERPRISES / BASKETBALL NEEDS YOUR VOTES, BRING NY KNICKS BARON DAVIS TO DYCKMAN PARK THIS SUMMER!  
CLICK HERE TO VOTE. THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT , What do you think....will the NY Knicks get swept by the Heat?, We have officially launched our latest Mission product innovation, ENDURACOOL (instant cooling towel).  Great product for ballers playing outdoors in the heat. Check it out!, null, Mission Athletecare partner Georges St. Pierre (one of the top MMA fighters in the world) will be at the Sports Authority NYC on 20th & 6th tonight at 6pm signing autographs and unveiling our incredible new product --ENDURACOOL (instant cooling towel). Come by and check it out!, How many games should Metta World Peace be suspended?, If you have purchased Court Grip, please take 2 minutes to fill out the brief survey below and we will send you a special coupon code to SAVE 50% on your next order on www.missionathletecare.com
Thanks for your participation!, null, SAVE 50% on YOUR NEXT ORDER on www.missionathletecare.com  
If you have purchased Court Grip, take 2 minutes to fill out the brief survey below and we will send you a special coupon code!
Thanks for your participation!, How far will the Miami Heat go in the NBA playoffs this year?, 
OFFER ENDS TODAY 4/15!!!
Purchase a bottle of Court Grip and get a FREE bottle of Power Grip!!!!
, DON'T MISS OUT...LIMITED TIME OFFER...ENDS TOMORROW SUNDAY 4/15!!! 
Purchase a bottle of Court Grip and get a FREE bottle of Power Grip!!!!
, null, The recruiting wars have come to a head.  Nerlens Noel & Shabazz Muhammad, the 2 best High School players in the country will officially announce their college decisions tomorrow.  Noel's list is down to Kentucky, SYR & G-Town.  Muhammad is down to UCLA, Kentucky & Duke.  Where will they end up?  Can you imagine if they both go to Kentucky?  Could be a repeat!, Melo had the Garden rockin' yesterday...., Our own Mark French discusses Mission Court Grip on Fox Business!, Now that the College Hoops season is over, we can focus on the NBA...who's gonna win it all?, Our favorite part of the NCAA Tourney!, So it all comes down to this....one game...who will be cutting down the nets tonight right before the long awaited playing of "One Shining Moment?" Kentucky or Kansas?, Well deserved honor for Coach Self! Congrats from everyone at Mission...we are so proud to call you a partner!, null, Who will be playing in the National Championship game on Monday Night in New Orleans?, Some great stuff here!, Shout out to the Sports Business Intensive Class at the Business of Sports School here in NYC. We had a great time visiting with them last week and they came up with some solid taglines for Court Grip.  We narrowed it down to the top 2.  Tell us which you one you like best: 1) Better Hold, Better Grip, Griptastic  2) Don't Slip, Use Court Grip, Some great players on the Final 4 teams that made it New Orleans.  Who has the most potential as a future NBA player?, Congrats to Coach Self and his Jayhawks for advancing to the Final Four!  Great to see his team really come together & improve as the season went on.  Keep grippin' Jayhawks! On to New Orleans...., Indiana-Kentucky...who you got?, NCAA Tourney games continue tonight.  What's the best matchup of the night?, 
http://online.wsj.com/video/miami-heats-dwyane-wade-on-being-explosive/2BB8B55E-7494-4C80-8CB0-B40B667F067B.html?KEYWORDS=dwyane+wade
, Thanks to Victor from Orlando for grabbing this quick video of our newest partner, Dwight Howard using Power Grip right before tip-off!, Check out Chase Budinger grippin' before his dunk in the Slam Dunk Contest!, How many NCAA brackets are YOU filling out this year?, My Cinderella team in this years NCAA tourney is _______________., My prediction for the four #1 seeds for the NCAA Tourney are _______, _________, ________, _______, Dwight Howards joins the "Grip Revolution"!, Thanks for the love Dwight....we're so pumped that you've joined the Mission Team!, Check our new Court Grip/Power Grip ad in this month's edition of Dime Mag. Let us know what you think!, Dwight Howard Joins the Mission Team!, ______________is my vote for the Wooden Award., The harder you work when nobody is watching, the less you bleed when you go out there and perform - Brandon Jennings﻿

, Check out this great shot of Jeremy Lin and MISSION Court Grip featured in action on NiceKicks.com.  http://www.nicekicks.com/2012/03/kicks-on-court-3-1-2012/, Check out this great shot of MISSION Court Grip in action featured on NiceKicks.com!   
www.nicekicks.com/2012/03/kicks-on-court-3-1-2012/, Great shot of the Court Grip courtside signage on the cover of the USA Today Sports Section!, How far can the Knicks go in the playoffs this season?, NCAA March Madness is right around the corner....who is this year's player of the year so far?, null, null, Thanks for the pic Shawn from NYC....Check out D.Wade getting his pre-game grip on! Blake & Lebron starting off with some nasty dunks - making early bids for MVP.  Who do you have?, Thanks Tyson from San Fran for sending in this pic of Chase Budinger grippin' before his windmill dunk in the Dunk Contest!, KD seems like the popular choice in the 3 Point...now how about the DUNK contest?, Who do you have in the 3 Point Contest tonight?, Thanks Jackson from Houston for sending in this Pic of Tamika Catchings grippin Jersey Shore's Vinny Guadagnino....even Celebs need thier grip!, Knicks-Heat tonight....Who you got?, Who would have been a better replacement? , We are officially at the halfway point of this NBA season.  The MVP of the league so far is__________, This guy is a shot-blocking machine.....which College Uniform will he be wearing next season?, Ballin' at the Mecca.....with Mission Court Grip & Power Grip!, Happy Birthday MJ!, Nice Court Grip review from the guys at Sneaker Watch..., Jeremy Lin's game is most similar to what former or current NBA player?, Jeremy Lin is a future All-Star or a "Flash in the Pan"?, "Big Monday" in college hoops tonight. Cuse vs. Louisville, KU vs. K-State & Iowa St. vs Baylor....who you got?, Huge game at MSG tonight vs. the Lake Show.  Will the Lin-Sanity continue?, null, Here at Mission Basketball, we are all pulling for hard for our man Brandon Jennings to get the respect he deserves from the Eastern Conf coaches. Brandon should be a 2012 NBA All-Star! Do you agree?, Vintage OLD SCHOOL Court Grip..  First prototype bottle!  With the roll-on basketball applicator.  D Wade's input was critical in the final bottle design, but this bad boy looked pretty sick!  Shout out to Revolver New York, the creative agency behind Court Grip!  http://revolvernewyork.com/, null, Thanks to Brennan from Boston for shooting us this great pic of the Celtics grippin' before tip-off!, Congrats to Mission Athletes Dwyane Wade and CarmeloAnthony for being named Eastern Conference starters for the 2012 All-Star Game!  , Some of the top Sneaker Writers/Bloggers took the historic floor at Madison Square Garden in the season's hottest new kicks, courtesy of Foot Locker. Mission Basketball was there to give every player that an extra edge with plenty of Mission Court Grip & Power Grip!
, Huge shout out to Steve Nash for becoming the Suns' all-time assists leader!  1 of the first guys to test and endorse Court Grip.  Thanks for the love Steve, and thanks for showing us all how to ball! , Check this out:  Gretchen Bleiler, a MISSION Athlete (just like D Wade, Melo and Brandon Jennings) is doing some amazing work for the environment.  All MISSION Athletes, (especially us ballers!) can make a difference.  Peep this:

Today marks Day 1 of Gretchen Bleiler's 21 Day Reusable Challenge! Read up to see how you can get involved: http://bit.ly/w2zYM9
Gretchen Bleiler Talks 21 Day Reusable Challenge 
blog.missionathletecare.com
Mission Athlete Gretchen Bleiler has a challenge for you...
, D-Wade is BACK!  And you know LeBron is happy.  Check it out!, What a great day of College Hoops...what was the best game of the day?, Cuse bounced back with a nice win over Cincy on Monday. Some huge conference games coming up in the next few weeks! , Is Rudy Gay the most underrated player in the NBA right now?  If not, who?, Thanks to John L for sending us this pic of Norris Cole grippin' by the scorer's table!  Is he the NBA Rookie of the Year so far?, Thanks to Mike from New York for grabbing this great shot of Brandon Jennings of the Milwaukee Bucks grippin' before tipoff at MSG., ___________is the best 1on1 player in the NBA right now, null, Another great testimonial about Mission Court Grip & Power Grip.  Thanks Coach Boren!, null, null, Some great games & individual performances so far at the Hoop Hall Classic.  Mission Court Grip & Power Grip are on the sidelines for every game. The Mission Basketball team will be on-site in Springfield tomorrow.  Check back for some pix & highights of some of the best High School ballers in the country!, Thanks to Elias from San Diego for shooting us this great pic of Court Grip & Power Grip on the scorer's table for the Warriors-Bobcats game.  Is Mark Jackson the early favorite for NBA Coach of the Year?, Thanks to Matt P. for sharing this shot of Darren Collison and the Indiana Pacers gripping.  Great pic!, Great article!, College Hoops is in full swing and the real test for most teams has just begun....conference play.  What is the toughest conference in the country?, All you Coaches out there...listen to Kansas Coach Bill Self (who won a National Championship in 2008) talk about the benefits of using Court Grip!, It's early in the season...but so far,____________is the NBA Rookie of the Year., Thanks to Rob W from Miami for sending us this great pic of the Court Grip Courtside Signage at American Airlines Arena. Remember, if you see our signage, or Court Grip & Power Grip bottles in a game (on TV or in the arena), snap a pic and post it here or send it to us. We are randomly selecting one person each week who posts a pic and awarding them a piece of autographed merchandise!, null, null, KU is grippin'!, D-Wade talkin' about tearin' down boards using Court Grip!, Thanks to Scott T from Memphis for sending us this great pic of the Court Grip Courtside Signage running in NBA Arenas.  If you see our signage, or Court Grip & Power Grip bottles in a game (on TV or in the arena), snap a pic and post it here or send it to us.  We will randomly select one person each week who posts a pic and award them a piece of autographed merchandise!, 2 Game Winners in 2 Days! D-Wade closing out 2011 strong!                     Happy New Year from Everyone here at Mission Basketball!, Based on what you have watched the past few days..which NBA team do you think has the best chance to win the title this year & why?, Thanks D-Wade for s/o on Court Grip!  If their performance against the Mavs on Christmas Day is any indication of the what the Heat are capable of...they are going to be SCARY this season!, Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays from everyone here at Mission Basketball! We are so excited for the NBA season to start today.  As an official NBA partner, we are honored to be able to provide the "grip" (Court Grip & Power Grip) for the next great Christmas Day performance.  Be on the lookout for our bottles on scorer's tables throughout today's games!, Only 2 days until the NBA officially kicks-off!  Mission Court Grip and Power Grip bottles will be on the scorer's table for all NBA games, starting Sunday.  Be on the lookout and enjoy the games!, null, Thanks for the love D-Wade!, null, Check out our friends at POINT 3 Basketball.  They specialize in on-court performance gear.   This Saturday, they left the court to bring basketball to the largest mall in Atlanta.  You've heard of a Flash Mob…. check out the first ever 'Dunk Mob'… #lovebasketball 
, Be sure to check back here tomorrow for a HUGE announcement from Mission Basketball!!!!, Congrats to Flower Mound Marcus for their Huge W over Montrose Christian on ESPN last night!  Thanks to Coach Boren for sending over these pix of his guys Grippin', Need a great Holiday Gift Idea?  Give the Gift of Grip!  Check out today's e-mail blast from Eastbay and go to www.eastbay.com/courtgrip to purchase Court Grip & Power Grip!, Check out a sneak peek at one of Brandon Jenning's new Court Grip commercials.  You know he'll be grippin' once the season starts!, Some great games and big upsets in College Hoops over the weekend.  Who is the best team in the country right now and why?, Quick poll: What uniform will Chris Paul be wearing on opening night of the season?, Brandon Jennings talks about his experience using Court Grip!, Please check out this news video which features Court Grip a top new product for athletes!, The NBA game I am most excited to watch on Christmas Day is _______vs. ______, Stock up on Melo's Power Grip with his 2-for-1 deal: http://missiongrip.moontoast.com/facebook/, null, null, Misision Court Grip product testing and reviews from HS & College Players..., null, null, Mission Basketball is pumped to be a major sponsor of this tour. Be on the lookout for the Court Grip "Key Grippers" at each of the 4 games. Of the 4 headliners: Melo, Wade, CP3 and LeBron, who would take as your "first pick" if you were starting your own team?, Check out Court Grip on the Scorer's Table in recent College games!, Some great "Old-School" dunks to start your weekend. Who is the best "Pure Dunker" of All-Time?, D-Wade talks about his secret weapon in Crunch Time!, Court Grip on the scorer's table at the Champions Classic last night at MSG!, Coach K goes for the NCAA all-time wins record tonight at the Mecca....MSG!  Coach has had some great talent over the years. Who is the best player in Duke hoops history?, Here at MB, we love the Step-Back Jumper.  It's a great "Court Grip" move. Kemba's against Pitt may be one of the best of All-Time.  Who has the best Step-Back Jumper in the game right now, regardless of College or Pro?, null, One of our favorite D-Wade moves of all time. Little known fact:  He applied Court Grip during the timeout RIGHT before he made this move.  Post YOUR favorite D-Wade move here!, Check out Melo talking about Power Grip--Liquid Chalk for your Hands.  Get the grip and...don't get stripped in the lane this season!, Jason--All Foot Locker's have this unit with COURT GRIP.  It is selling quick these days with the season starting up, so get your grip on!!, null, D-Wade talking about "Goin' at the Bigs" last season while using Court Grip! Apologies to the Boston fans!, Brandon Jennings Gripping at the Under Armour "Are You From Here" Tour in Baltimore. We love the new Bloodline!, High School Basketball practice started in many parts of the country this past week.  Foot Locker and Eastbay said you ballers are coming out hard for COURT GRIP.  For those first time grippers, here is a quick tutorial on how to apply Court Grip.  Get your grip on!, The College Hoops season is right around the corner and most polls have Syracuse ranked #5 in the pre-seaon rankings. Check out what Cuse Head Coach Jim Boeheim has to say about Court Grip!, Thinking about buying COURT GRIP for this season?  See how these top HS & College players reacted when testing it for the first time in game during PACE University’s Focus Group Study., D-Wade talks about breakin' down defenders last season w/Court Grip!, Basketball season is right around the corner. Stock up on Carmelo Anthony's new POWER GRIP and our other athlete-engineered products during our Flash Sale today for our Facebook fans. Take 50% off your entire order at www.missionathletecare.com with promo code GOMISSION. Today only, don't miss out!, This season's Naismith College Player of the Year will be________?, So many talented players at the small forward position in the NBA. The best "3" in the league right now is_______?, Brandon Jennings on SportsCenter talking about Court Grip!, NBA Games by Jan 1st?  What do you think?, We recap everything that's gone down in the last couple months. Read up! http://blog.missionathletecare.com/bid/103163/Mission-Basketball-s-Fall-Run, Great video...Dwyane goes into detail about Court Grip and how it has changed his game!, New video from D Wade! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjcjhUeS7j0, We wanted to share the great news that we recently announced our multi-year partnership with the NBATA (National Basketball Athletic Trainers Association).

The NBATA is one of the most respected associations in the sports industry, and their unanimous approval for making our new Court Grip™ the “Official Traction Provider” of the NBATA is a true testament to the performance and safety attributes of this revolutionary product.

“We’re acutely focused on helping our players perform at their best on the court while minimizing their risk of injury,” said Casey Smith, Chairman of the NBATA. “Maintaining traction on dusty courts is an issue for players at all levels, and Court Grip addresses the problem better than anything we’ve ever used. We’re pleased to have helped bring this game changing product to market.”

Links to the NBATA website and the partnership announcement are below.
http://www.nbata.com/
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/national-basketball-athletic-trainers-association-nbata-unanimously-approves-missions-court-griptm-product-2011-10-12

, Check out D-Wade talking about Court Traction & how Court Grip helps his game!, null, Jay-  All packages went out this week.  You'll be getting your grip on next week!, Brandon Jennings in Dime Magazine!, Carmelo Anthony talks about Power Grip!, Carmelo Anthony Joins the Grip Revolution...Mission Power Grip=Liquid Chalk Technology!, Brandon Jennings promoting Court Grip on SportsCenter, Brandon Jennings on Mission Court Grip!, Superstar Brandon Jennings joins the Grip Revolution!, Big Announcement...NBA Trainers Unanimously Approve Mission Court Grip as Official Traction Partner of the NBATA!, D-Wade Grippin' at the South Florida Classic!, Some sick highlights from yet another star-studded Pre-Season game!, Check out what Coach Boeheim is saying about COURT GRIP!, A few BIG announcements coming next week from MISSION BASKETBALL.  Be sure to stay tuned..  Have a great weekend, and get your grip on!, DJ Hella Yella---Check out the paragraph below.  This is from the "About" Section on our Page under the "Grip Revolution" Tab. Hope this helps in clarifying how Court Grip works:  
Longevity - During the first few minutes after applying COURT GRIP™ there is a strong sense of grip.  After the first few minutes COURT GRIP™ activates when ‘game speed’ cuts are made. The player may feel as though the enhanced traction is beginning to wear off but, when ‘game speed’ cuts are made enhanced traction can be felt for up to 10-15 minutes. Results may vary due to court conditions., Who is winning this game tomorrow night?  Oh..and how did Eddy Curry make his make his way onto the roster?, null, Remember reading SI Kids back in the day? Here's the Q&A with Dwyane Wade from our launch last week. http://www.sikids.com/blogs/2011/10/05/10-questions-withdwyane-wade, To all current and new fans to Mission Basketball - our Court Grip Micro-Site can always be accessed by clicking on the 'Grip Revolution' icon under the profile pic.  When inside be sure to click on the 'ABOUT' tab - there is a ton of great information about how to properly use Court Grip & maximize it's effectiveness.  It's been a week since the national launch, there is already thousands of bottles out there and we want to ensure all grippers utilize the information. Thanks!, Our main man Dwyane Wade has been everywhere lately. Coming off Chris Paul's star-studded game in NC last week, he's heading back to Miami for Isiah Thomas' charity game at FIU on Saturday: http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2011/basketball/nba/09/30/Miami.FIU.ap/index.html Wanna watch? Sports Illustrated will stream live., There's a lot of basketball still going on. Read up on Game 1 of the WNBA playoffs here: http://www.sportspagemagazine.com/content/bb/wp-bb/art-wp-bb/in-record-setting-night-lynx-take-first-game-in-wn.shtml?49155 Who do you have in game 2 - Minnesota or Atlanta?, There's talk of "tremendous consequences" for today's session between owners and players. http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/7055649/nba-labor-talks-set-table-full-tuesday-slate What do you guys think?, D Wade on the lockout, CourtGrip, Jordan's and Steve Nash's locks: http://thebiglead.com/index.php/2011/10/03/qampa-dwyane-wade-turns-up-the-heat-during-nba-lockout from The Big Lead, CNBC Sports' Darren Rovelle was one of the first to grip up v. Dwyane Wade on Wednesday. See what he has to say here: http://bit.ly/CNBCSports What do you think - is CourtGrip a gamechanger?, In case you missed DWade on Jimmy Fallon on Wednesday we've got the links right here: http://bit.ly/DWadeOnFallon1 and here http://bit.ly/DWadeOnFallon2 Who you got winning?, CourtGrip's coverage continues. Read NYT's writer Howard Beck's article here: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/30/sports/basketball/miamis-wade-gets-traction-literally-on-court.html?_r=1 , Check out this feature from SLAM covering our launch of COURT GRIP yesterday with Dwyane Wade, Congrats to Jay Wong, the winner of our final COURT GRIP Challenge. Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com.  Thanks!, Backstage at Jimmy Fallon w/ The Roots and Dwyane Wade!, We're @jimmyfallon, gearing up to tape the "Random 3 Point Shoot-Out!" Tune in at 12:35 tonight!, null, First in line at Foot Locker to meet Dwyane Wade, Dwyane Wade holding court at COURT GRIP press event in NYC, null, null, Click through to our Grip Revolution tab to see videos with Dwyane Wade, photos and learn more about COURT GRIP!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Post your best video of a player (any level) GOING OFF!  We want guys who are locked IN THE ZONE!  We will pick our favorite video and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP. Good luck!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Kenneth Talley).  Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Who is the ultimate "Glue Guy" in the NBA right now?  Every successful team needs one, but not everyone is willing to play this important role.  We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP.  Good luck!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (PJ Foster).  Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Who is the best "lock-down defender" in the NBA right now and why?  We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP.  Good luck!, Congrats to Monday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Kamron Dixon).  Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: The College Basketball season is right around the corner.  Who is your pick to "Cut Down the Nets" at the 2012 Final Four in New Orleans (and why)?  We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP., Congrats to Friday' COURT GRIP Challenge Winner (Charles Allen).  Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Post a picture of YOU making YOUR sickest move on the basketball court.  We will pick our favorite pic and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP.  Good luck!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Tyler Cirinna).  Please send us your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: Who is the best international player in NBA history and why?  We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP.  Good luck!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Naweed Chowdhury). Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Post a video of your favorite dunk of all time from the NBA Slam Dunk Contest.  We will pick our favorite and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP!  Good luck!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge Winner (Michael Perkins).  Please e-mail your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com.  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Which 3 NBA Players have the UGLIEST free throw shooting form in the NBA History?, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Kevin Young).  Kevin--please send us your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com.  Thanks!, Hey Mission Basketball Fans:  We will be making a HUGE announcement this Wednesday.  Be sure to check back for some exciting news!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: What city in the US produces the best High School Basketball players & why?  We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Congrats to Friday's COURT GRIP Challenge Winner (Danny Kryzanski).  Danny--please e-mail your mailing address to Dave@missionathletecare.com so we can send you a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Joe Medina). Who correctly answered the question of  "Who was the runner-up to Steve Nash the two years he won the MVP?  He said Shaq (and gave a great list of nicknames) and Lebron.  Joe---please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com 
Have a great weekend...enjoy the start of the NFL season!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: In 10 words or less, describe D-Wade's game. We will pick the best answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP.  Good luck!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Parker MacDonald) who voted for Spencer Rivers as the current HS player who has the best chance to be a future NBA Superstar.  What a great basketball family! Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  Who was runner-up in the MVP Voting the 2 seasons that Steve Nash won the MVP?  We will pick one person with the correct answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Congrats to Chris Freichels, the winner of yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge.  She posted this amazing buzzer beater from the Minnesota State HS Championship game.  Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com.  Thanks!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: Which current High School player has the best chance to be a future SUPERSTAR in the NBA & why?  Tough question....it's all about upside!  Let us know your thoughts., Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: What is the greatest "buzzer beater" of all time (NBA, College, HS)? Post a video of your favorite and we will pick one winner to receive a free bottle of COURT GRIP! Good Luck!, Congrats to Friday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Ray Lyde Jr). In response to the biggest home court advantage in College Hoops, many of you answered: Duke/Cameron Indoor, but we especially liked Ray's answer of "DUKE PERIOD!! The Cameron Crazies leave the opposition Hazy!!!" Ray---please send your address to dave@missionathletecare.com so we can send you a bottle. We will be back on Tuesday with the next COURT GRIP Challenge. Happy Labor Day to all!, Congrats to Thursday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Nate Sims) who was one of many who had the correct answer to the song/artist that the Chicago Bulls popularized with their pre-game intros in the late 80's-90's (Sirius by Alan Parsons Project). Congrats to Nate!  Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: Which NCAA men's basketball team has the biggest "home court advantage" & why?  We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Congrats to yesterday's COURT GRIP Challenge winner (Zach Buchan) whose answer to how he would feel if the 2011-12 NBA Season were cancelled was "NBA Lockout = College Ball Rock out!"  Congrats to Zach! Please send your mailing address to dave@missionathletecare.com, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: What is the name of the song/artist that the Chicago Bulls popularized in the late 80's & 90's during their pre-game intros? We will pick one correct answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Congrats to Jay McCulloh, yesterday's winner of the COURT GRIP Challenge. He chose the Randolph Childress cross-over against Jeff McInnins back in 1995...not the most famous cross-over, but tons of extra points for style and creativity!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge:  In 10 words or less, tell us how you would feel if the 2011-12 NBA Season got cancelled because the Owners/Players could not settle the lock-out? We will pick our favorite answer and award that person a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge: Here at Mission Basketball, we LOVE the CROSSOVER.  Post a video today of your favorite CROSSOVER of all time (NBA, College, High School, etc.)  We will pick our favorite video and award that person a free bottle COURT GRIP!, Congrats to Coach Cecil Kagans!---He was one of only a few to correctly answer yesterday's trivia question of "Name the Two States that won every NBA Championship in the 90's? The correct answer is "there were actually 3 states (Michigan-Pistons, Illinois-Bulls, Texas-Rockets & Spurs)"

Today's COURT GRIP Challenge will be posted shortly!, Today's COURT GRIP Challenge is a trivia question: Name the Two States that won every NBA Championship in the 90's?  We will pick one person who answers this correctly to be today's winner of a free bottle of COURT GRIP!, Reminder to all Mission Basketball/COURT GRIP Friends:  Beginning tomorrow (Monday) at 11am, we will be giving away 1 free bottle of COURT GRIP each day leading up to COURT GRIP's official launch on 9/28.  Be sure to check back tomorrow to learn how you can win a free bottle...before it releases!, How many points will LeBron drop in this game?, We just watched the Elite 24 All-Star game on ESPN.  What is your thought on High School All-Star games?  Entertaining? or Boring because no one plays ANY DEFENSE?, Court Traction is key to being an effective "slasher". Who is the best "slasher" in the NBA right now?, Never too early to start getting excited about College Hoops!  Who is your pick for NCAA Player of the Year?, We asked you last week....who do you want to take the last shot in crunch time and you said KOBE!, Some great dunks to start your weekend! , Some great drills from our favorite Basketball Strength & Conditioning expert (Alan Stein from Stronger Team).  What are YOU doing to get in shape this off-season?, One of the best ballers to come out of Brooklyn and current Nuggets swingman continues the trend of NBA players having HUGE nights in summer ball!, Your team is down by 1...10 seconds on the clock...who do you want with the ball?, Sick move by Brandon Jennings!  Other than Derrick Rose, who is the best young point guard in the league right now?, The winningest coach in Men's NCAA hiistory....and most people have no idea who he is.  Congrats Coach Magee on your induction into the Hall of Fame!, Great article...What is the ALL-TIME BEST NBA "Kill Move"?, Congratulations to Monte "HoopDreams" Thomas from Marietta, Georgia for winning an autographed Carmelo Anthony jersey, courtesy of Mission Basketball! Please be sure to check this page tomorrow for the next winner from AAU Nationals! Also, tell your friends to "like" our page for a chance to win other great prizes from Mission Basketball!, AAU Ballers-Welcome to Mission Basketball, the developers of COURT GRIP!  This week, we will be announcing the winners of our contest from our COURT GRIP booth at Nationals in Orlando. Three lucky winners will each receive an autographed jersey from either Dwyane Wade, Carmelo Anthony or Steve Nash.  Be sure to check back to see if you won and also tell your teammates to "Like" our new page. http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#!/MissionBasketball/, Steve Nash knows how to dish....who is THE BEST PASSER in the history of the NBA?, What is the best way to get traction on a slippery basketball court?, By now, everyone has seen the video of Durant dropping 66 at Harlem's famed Rucker Park on Monday night. What is your vote for THE most famous outdoor court in the country?, Is this D-Wade's best CROSSOVER ever?  Post your favorite D-Wade CROSSOVER.  , null, AAU players, don't forget to enter to win signed merchandise from Dwyane Wade!, AAU Players! Don't forget to sign up here for a chance to win autographed jerseys and merchandise from Dwyane Wade! , AAU Players! Did you try out Court Grip today? Tell us what you thought!, Welcome to all the new fans and players coming in today. Very excited to have you join this page!!, Did you get gripped today?, While you're here, also check out our parent-page Mission Athletecare, Welcome to Mission Basketball's Facebook Page! Get ready for the introduction of a new product that will change the game. Like us on this page to get special offers and interact with some of the world's top players. Stay tuned for some big announcements!, What do you do to combat slippage on the court?, Hello world.)