List(You never know when a miracle is just around the corner!, null, null, Life is beautiful!, While nearly 40 million American adults suffer from anxiety disorders, only about one-third seek help. This doesn't have to be you!, There is only ONE of you! You are unique. Special. Different. And that's a good thing! #MondayMotivation #TDJakes, How did we get the name "Easter?" Click below to find out!, What does it mean to YOU?, Happy Easter! From our family to yours!, null, Do you believe in second chances?, null, Celebrate #GoodFriday with Miracles From Heaven!, null, As we continue to celebrate #WomensHistoryMonth, T.D. Jakes has a special message for his Queen, Serita! #ThankfulThursday, null, Have you heard the story of Sonia & Anita and the 20/20/20 project? Take a minute to watch.. and grab a tissue., Challenge 3 is for the ladies! Comment below and share with your loved ones. #WomensHistoryMonth, null, Please Pray for Brussels., null, T.D. Jakes has a 2nd challenge for you for #WomensHistoryMonth! 

Are you up for it?, null, null, It's the First Day of Spring! T.D. Jakes wants you to clear your mind, cleanse your soul and reboot for the new season. Watch and share your thoughts below!, null, For #WomensHistoryMonth, T.D. Jakes challenges YOU!, #2: "Everything you’ve gone through is preparation for what’s about to happen in your life. The LORD has already given you a word: MOVE!", I am thankful for __________ (Leave yours in the comments!) 

#ThankfulThursday, null, null, null, How President Obama deals with hecklers. http://youtu.be/HAuSWknJhu4, "When you begin to realize that your past does not necessarily dictate the outcome of your future, then you can release the hurt. It is impossible to inhale new air until you exhale the old." -T.D. Jakes, Another great piece for Women's History Month: President Obama and Misty Copeland Talk Black Girl Magic and the Importance of Social Movements, TWO DAYS till #MiraclesFromHeaven premieres nationwide on Wednesday, March 16! Watch our FULL INTERVIEW with Jennifer Garner and T.D. Jakes right here, right now!, null, null, null, What was the turn in #JenniferGarner's life that brought her to acting? Hear her story and stay tuned for the FULL INTERVIEW next week!, Following a beautiful night at the #MiraclesFromHeaven LA premiere- we'd like to express our gratitude for our health on this #ThankfulThursday! What about you? Leave yours in the comments below!, The Beam family!!!! #MiraclesfromHeaven, Jennifer Garner and Queen Latifah reuniting on the #MiraclesFromHeaven red carpet!!!, They have arrived!!!!! #MiraclesFromHeaven, ONE WEEK till #MiraclesFromHeaven premieres nationwide! 

Tonight, we will be live tweeting behind-the-scenes at the Los Angeles red carpet/premiere! Don't miss it --> @TDJakesShow, null, null, #ShareTheLoad #InternationalWomensDay, Monday Motivation!, null, Daily Reminder! #MiraclesFromHeaven, Jennifer Garner shares what it felt like after she first read the script for Miracles From Heaven! Just 10 DAYS till the premiere on March 16!, Remembering our time with Sandra Bland’s mother on this day, when the trooper who arrested Sandra was formally fired. http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/03/us/sandra-bland-officer-fired/, This is beautiful!, 25 years and remembering... http://time.com/4245175/rodney-king-la-riots-anniversary/, Watch as Jennifer Garner describes what it was like to work with the wonderful Queen Latifah on Miracles From Heaven! Full interview with T.D. Jakes coming soon! #MiraclesfromHeaven, There are so many things to be thankful for in this life! Today, we want to express our gratitude for you, OUR VILLAGE! What are YOU thankful for on this #ThankfulThursday?, null, null, null, With this being the last day of Black History Month AND with #SuperTuesday just a day way, T.D. Jakes Ministries voices off on the importance of voting. Spread the message!, Watch a portion of T. D. Jakes' interview with the amazing Jennifer Garner, star of Miracles From Heaven, as she opens up about her "reboot." Stay tuned for the whole conversation, coming soon!, Live q&a with T.D. Jakes, Jennifer Garner, DeVon Franklin and the Beam Family at the Dallas premier of Miracles from Heaven., There is no one as lovely as Jennifer Garner.  Our full conversation will be coming soon., Live from the red carpet with Jennifer Garner, The red carpet is heating up. Jakes, Jennifer Garner, DeVon Franklin and the Beam family will be here soon.  #miraclesfromheaven, What a beautiful sentiment from Jennifer Garner on her Miracles From Heaven character., It's a fantastic morning to celebrate Miracles. #miraclesfromheaven, Can't wait for the Dallas premiere of Miracles from Heaven tomorrow, stay tuned for updates, photos and maybe some live streaming 📽📷🎞. #miraclesfromheaven, Spread the love ... #wisewords, null, Happy Valentine's Day to all.  
There are many simple and kind things that keep your love strong. These are just a few. 
What others can you think of?
#ValentinesDay, We love seeing acts of kindness. Check out this wonderful fundraiser from our friends at 9NEWS (KUSA) in Denver, CO today!, Sharing great news! We’re so excited to be talking to our Village again., null, null, null, We're SO VERY excited to share the news, we'll be back in the Fall!!  
Stay tuned for updates.  And thank you for all of the support, we look forward to continuing our conversations and growing our community., #MotivationMonday What are you grateful for today and how does that keep you motivated?, null, #TellMeTuesday What advice would you give to your younger self?, #MotivationMonday What are you going to do to make someone smile this week?, We missed #nationaldaughtersday, but we're ready for #flashbackfriday to the time the lovely Sarah Jakes Roberts came by the set to see us in action.  What a great day it was., #wisewords, @bishopjakes and @seritajakes arriving into Washington.  They've been invited to welcome the Pope! 😱 
What an honor!! Stay tuned for updates., #TellMeTuesday What song best reflects your mood on this fantastic day?, We love seeing all of these inspiring comments for #MotivationMonday!  Thank you for sharing, keep up the good work and STAY motivated all week long :), #MotivationMonday Tell us one goal you have for this week, and what you’re going to do to achieve it., null, #TBT Spending time on set the day before taping our first show., null, Congratulations to the Anderson family on this important step to finding justice for Zach. "A young man from Indiana who had consensual sex with a 14-year-old girl who told him she was older has been removed from Michigan's sex offender registry pending his resentencing.” http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/09/11/us/ap-us-sex-offender-registries-sentence.html, #MondayMotivation, #wisewords, #wisewords, Thank you all for tuning in for our summer run! Keep checking in with The Village, because we want to keep talking to all of you!, Would you romantically pursue a coworker? Vote in today’s poll by visiting http://bit.ly/VillageSpeaksPoll and watch today’s full “Ask The Bishop” episode on YouTube now! www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, How long do you think people should wait until they get intimate with a new partner? http://bit.ly/VillageSpeaksPoll, We’ve had such a fun summer run, we’re capping it off with a special episode of Ask The Bishop! Do you get jealous when your partner talks to the opposite sex? Vote in today’s poll! http://bit.ly/VillageSpeaksPoll, null, Tomorrow, Bishop Jakes is answering questions from The Village! Get ready for some laughs, some tough love and some good advice., You can see the very moment Bishop Jakes was able to turn this woman’s life around. Watch today’s full show by subscribing to our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Viola came on today's show to find help moving on from a terrible accident involving her son. She sent us this update about how Bishop Jakes' advice and support helped change her life:

"Since the show, I have learned to forgive Hector and myself for the accident but most importantly, I learned to stop looking at my son and seeing only what happened to him and instead, seeing the beautiful child he is. I can now talk about the accident without crying and I have been able to open up and tell people the story of what happened to my child on that night which changed all of our lives forever. I posted my story on Facebook so everyone would know my secret. I know now that secrets keep you imprisoned and I want to be free from the walls I have created around me so I can learn to live and love life.", Bishop Jakes tests the reliance of a $100 bill to prove it's undeniable value... and shows this woman her true worth., Hear Melissa’s story on today’s show. How do you deal when you feel like the world is stacked against you?, null, On tomorrow’s show, T.D. Jakes speaks with people who have experienced great tragedy and need helping moving on with their lives. If the pain in your past is blocking your destiny, don’t miss this show., The Bishop’s wife Serita Jakes shares an emotional story of a challenging time in their marriage and how they got through it together. Watch today’s full show right now on our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Hey Dallas! (And everyone else joining us!) Today I weigh in on what happens when men try to communicate w women!!! Join the live chat NOW!, Will and Wannetta came to me with a domestic civil war. Am I Abe Lincoln? We'll see!, This was the first show we recorded with my wife Serita there... and it's about marriage. Let us 🙏, Today, I weigh in on what happens when men try to communicate with women! 

Join in with the "He Said/She Said" conversation NOW, Take our He Said/She Said poll and join the fun while watching today's show!, Watch With The Bishop! T.D. Jakes is live-watching today's show right here on our Facebook page, and he wants to hear from The Village! Join the conversation at 2pm EST in Atlanta, 2pm CT in Minneapolis, 3pm EST in Cleveland and 3pm CT in Dallas!, What do you think is the biggest hurdle men and women have while trying to communicate?, Judge your spouse on who they are, not who you want them to be. Get more relationship advice from Bishop Jakes by watching today’s all new “He Said/She Said” show!, null, Tomorrow, tune in to celebrate and understand the many differences between the sexes and learn how men and woman can speak the same language., Anthony Sutko’s father inflicted a heinous act on Anthony when he was just a boy, and yet he says he forgives him. Watch today's emotional show right now on YouTube: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, The hardest thing Antoinette Tuff says she’s ever gone through wasn’t the face-off with a school shooter, but recovering after her divorce., Heroic teacher Antoinette Tuff appears on today’s show, and discusses her thought process when facing the shooter threatening her school. If you were ever faced with a situation as intense as this, how would you react?, null, On tomorrow’s show, Bishop Jakes speaks with people who have shown true courage in terrifying circumstances., #MondayMotivation, Happy Labor Day! How are you spending the day?, #wisewords, #wisewords, Bishop Jakes was struggling to help this couple, so he turned to The Village. And one member quickly got to the root of this couple’s issue so they can begin the healing process. It takes a Village! Watch today's whole show right now on YouTube: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Do you know how much your spouse spends each month? Do you and your partner agree about how to take on debt? Take our poll to see how your answers stack up against the rest of The Village!, This wife is disappointed her husband isn’t doing what she thinks he wants to do. Did you go into your marriage with unrealistic expectations of your partner?, Today, T.D. Jakes talks about asking the right questions before getting married. Did you choose your spouse wisely?, null, Tomorrow, T.D. Jakes counsels couples on the brink of divorce. What do you think is the biggest reason most couples divorce?, #TBT My mother’s presence always put a smile on everyone’s face., Money causes problems, and only love and trust can get you out. Watch this mother and daughter begin to repair their relationship, then check out today’s full show by subscribing to our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Join T.D. Jakes' live-tweet in just 10 minutes by following @TDJakesShow on Twitter! Don't have the show in your area? Live-stream it here: www.wkyc.com/live, On today's show, Bishop Jakes speaks to a wife who is upset at her husband's drastic personality change years into their marriage. Did your spouse change a LOT after you got married? Vote in our poll by answering #Yes or #No, then tell us how they changed and how you handled it., T.D. Jakes is LIVE-TWEETING today's show! The live-tweet will kick off 2pm CT/3pm ET for the Cleveland and Minneapolis shows, and again at 3pm CT/4pm ET for the Dallas airing. Follow us on Twitter at @TDJakesShow and watch with Bishop Jakes and the rest of The Village!, What is the right balance of debt versus eduction? Share with The Village, and tune in to see what The Bishop and financial advisor Michelle Singletary had to say., Is there a point where supporting your partner's dreams becomes enabling irresponsibility? Share your thoughts., null, Tomorrow on the show, T.D. Jakes speaks with people whose financial decisions have torn apart their families. If you’ve ever fought with a loved one about money, you don’t want to miss this show., After listening to today's amazing stories, do you believe in miracles? Share your thoughts, and watch today's full show by subscribing to the T.D. Jakes YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Do you need some guidance finding your destiny? Pick up The Bishop's latest release, available now! Pick up your copy here: http://www.amazon.com/Destiny-Step-into-Your-Purpose/dp/147892716X, Is there life after death? That was the subject of today's episode, as well as the 2014 film "Heaven is for Real", produced by T.D. Jakes. Watch the film's trailer, then rent/download here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/movie/heaven-is-for-real/id854037478 
https://youtu.be/z4u72-xqTq4, On today's show, this woman recounts her brush with death and the unbelievable rescue that made her believe in miracles. Have you ever had a near-death experience? Share with The Village., This little girl had a miraculous near-death experience, and her life has never been the same. Have you ever experienced something otherworldly? Tell us about it., null, On tomorrow's show, people who have faced death share their experiences, as well as the miracles they believe brought them back to life., Vin Baker may have lost it all, but he hasn't lost his sense of humor or his positive outlook on life. Catch today's full episode right now on our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Are you suffering from an alcohol addiction and need help? You can find support. Reach out now to find help near you., On today's show, Bishop Jakes spoke with Julee, a woman whose gambling addiction took over her life. Julee sent us a message about how her experience on the show has helped her, and we're sharing it with The Village:

"Since returning home I have felt a sense of peace that I have not had in a very long time. Getting my story out,  being in that audience was such a great experience. I truly felt so loved, so validated. Bishop Jakes helped me realize I still have half of my life left. Half of my life to find happiness, forgiveness and that I can attain goals for my future. That I am here for a purpose. That whatever I have experienced there is a reason for it. I can carry-on my life and lean on others to keep me strong and take baby steps. My pretense for coming to the show was if I could help just one person by telling my story, that would bring me happiness. Never in my wildest dreams did I think that I myself would find that happiness, that release, and a reason to carry-on.
Sincerely, Julee”, Do you need help recovering from a gambling addiction, or know someone who does? There's hope. Reach out now., If you're battling an addiction or know someone who is, you'll want to tune in to today's show., "I'm an alcoholic, but I need some help." Vin Baker shares his story of losing it all on today's show., Bishop Jakes wants you to check out today's show, featuring an exclusive interview with former NBA star Vin Baker. Tune in!, null, Former NBA star Vin Baker went from layups to serving lattes at Starbucks after his alcoholism took control and he lost everything. Listen to Vin's story in his own words on tomorrow's show., Do you think Syleena and Kiwane can make it work? Share your thoughts below, and watch today's full show by  subscribing to the T.D. Jakes YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Today's #TDJakesShow is all about compatibility and trust. Test how compatible you are with your partner in our new poll!, #MondayMotivation, Former NBA player Kiwane Garris appears on today's show in hopes of saving his marriage. See if this couple can make it work with The Bishop's help by tuning in., "You don't win because you don't get tired. You win because you fight." Do you agree with The Bishop's advice for singer Syleena Johnson? Share your thoughts with the rest of The Village, and tune in to today's all-new show., null, Tomorrow, T.D. Jakes speaks with R&B soul singer Syleena Johnson and her husband, former NBA player Kiwane Harris, in a show all about communication and trust., #wisewords, #wisewords, Not in a city where the show airs? No problem! The Bishop wants to remind you that every episode of the T.D. Jakes show will be available to view on our YouTube channel! Subscribe today: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Do you think Clinton and Yvonne can save their marriage after meeting with The Bishop? Share your thoughts, then watch today's full-length show by subscribing to our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Today, T.D. Jakes digs deep into this husband's psyche in hopes of repairing his struggling marriage. Can you fix a relationship damaged by trust issues? Share your thoughts below., On today's show, The Bishop tries to uncover the truth about this husband's infidelity., null, On tomorrow's show, The Bishop counsels families in crisis, including this couple struggling to save their marriage., In a very emotional episode, everyone was happy to enjoy a moment of levity due to The Bishop's mix-up. See for yourself in this Web Exclusive outtake!, #TBT There’s nothing like a good book and a stylish tie., The Bishop had a lot of advice to give Angie Stone and her daughter Diamond, and he had even more words of wisdom to share after the show. Watch this raw Web Exclusive moment, and watch the whole episode by visiting our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, "What does love coming back look like to you?" Watch today's episode about Mother-Daughter battles, and share your thoughts about The Bishop's question below., Angie Stone bares her soul with The Bishop on today's show., null, Tomorrow, The Bishop sits down for an exclusive talk with R&B singer Angie Stone and her daughter in hopes of saving their relationship., The Bishop was so impressed by this teenager's tenacity, it left him speechless. Find out why by watching today's full episode on our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, This couple were excited to welcome their child into the world... they just had no idea it would happen like THIS! Do you have an unbelievable birth story to share? Tell us in the comments!, This woman recently discovered something unbelievable about her identity. Don't miss today's "Really?!" show!, null, On tomorrow's #TDJakesShow, we're sharing the craziest stories to make headlines. This show has to be seen to be believed!, What did you think of today's In-Law Intervention? Do you think these families have taken the first step to healing? Share your thoughts in the comments, and don't forget, you can watch today's full episode by subscribing to our YouTube channel: www.youtube.com/TDJakesShow, Today's show is all about getting along with your in-laws. Do you have to love your in-laws in order to make your marriage work? Answer #Yes or #No in the comments, then discuss why you feel that way with the rest of The Village., Can this mother-in-law ever find peace with her son and daughter-in-law? How do YOU navigate an unfriendly in-law relationship? Share your experiences with The Village., If you're having trouble communicating with your in-laws or family in general, today's In-Law Intervention is an important show for you to watch., null, "You are trapped between these two women." T.D. Jakes stages a very necessary In-Law Intervention on tomorrow's show., After being wrongfully imprisoned for decades, Ricky Jackson has a fresh start - and a new fiancée! Watch the surprise proposal and hear what the happy couple had to say after the show., Miss today's show? You can watch the full-length episode on our YouTube channel: https://youtu.be/h2f0r4jZ8-k, Eddie lied when he was 12-years-old and sent three innocent men to prison for decades. See what happened when he came face-to-face with these men on today's show., WE WANT YOUR VIDEOS FOR THE SHOW! Vote in our He Said/She Said poll, then pick a question and make a fun video of you and your partner debating. Share the video on our timeline, and your video might be featured on the show!, #MondayMotivation, Can these three men forgive the person who gave the false testimony that led to their wrongful imprisonment? Find out on today's show., Today on T.D. Jakes, a man who has lived a lie for decades finally comes clean. Don't miss this emotional show., Tomorrow, T.D. Jakes speaks with three men who were wrongfully imprisoned for decades. Together, they face their accuser for the first time on tomorrow's show., What's the most important quality in a mate - intelligence, humor, physical appearance or money? Vote in our He Said/She Said poll, then pick a question and make a fun video of you and your partner debating. Share the video on our timeline, and your video might be featured on the show!, Who is better at communication - men or women? Vote in our He Said/She Said poll, then pick a question and make a fun video of you and your partner debating. Share the video on our timeline, and your video might be featured on the show!, Singer Angie Stone gives a heartfelt speech on the positive impact T.D. Jakes had on her life and her relationship with her daughter. Watch this emotional episode next week., #wisewords, WE WANT YOUR VIDEOS FOR THE SHOW! Vote in our He Said/She Said poll, then pick a question and make a fun video of you and your partner debating. Share the video on our timeline, and your video might be featured on the show!, Did you miss today's Ask The Bishop episode? Watch the full-length show right now on our YouTube channel: https://youtu.be/cCAEadg4Jfk, One woman in The Village asked The Bishop how to get men to open up to her, and he had a lot of good advice to share. Watch today's full "Ask The Bishop" episode on our YouTube channel: bit.ly/YouTubeTDJakes, The Bishop wants to hear from you! Vote in our polls featuring questions asked on today's The Village Speaks episode, and let your voice be heard!, Is it ever okay to lie to your spouse? What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments, and tune in to today's "Ask The Bishop" show to see what T.D. Jakes thinks!, Is it okay to hide money from your spouse? Share your thoughts with The Village, and watch today's show to see what The Bishop thinks!, Tomorrow, The Bishop is taking questions from The Village! And he's answering all of them... even this one! Don't miss it!, If you missed today's important show discussing race in America, you can watch the episode in full at the T.D. Jakes YouTube channel: https://youtu.be/7DmGJjbJ_Co, "We're going to make you hear us." Sandra Bland's mother Geneva Reed-Veal shares her determination to seek justice with other mothers who have suffered recent tragedy., Do you and your significant other have a lingering disagreement that causes you to bicker and fuss at one another? Do you feel like you just can't get on the same page as your significant and/or can't communicate properly and need help getting on the same team? If so, T.D. Jakes wants to help. Reach out to us at TDJakesProducers@44Blue.com and tell us your story., "How hard is it to get people to hear the voices of people who have been muted by their circumstance." Don't miss this very powerful episode, airing today., On today's show, Sandra Bland's mother discusses the possibility of her daughter committing suicide while in custody., T.D. Jakes discusses the reasons why he wanted to sit down with these mothers and share their story. Tune in tomorrow for a very powerful show., Did you miss today's episode? Watch the full-length show right now on our YouTube channel: https://youtu.be/f0ZLngxS864, Tomorrow, T.D. Jakes speaks with the mothers of Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Tamir Rice, Eric Garner and Sandra Bland for a very powerful discussion about race in America. Stand with these mothers and join this Circle of Change., Sign the petition to help find justice for Zach and his family: https://www.change.org/p/justice-for-zachery-anderson, Do you want to attend a taping of the T.D. Jakes show? Contact us at tdjakesaudience@44blue.com for free tickets!, Zach Anderson's parents discuss the unbelievable sentence Zach, 19, received after having consensual sex with a 14-year-old girl. Hear more about Zach's story by watching today's all new show., Don't miss an all new T.D. Jakes show, airing in Atlanta, Cleveland, Dallas and Minneapolis - and later today on our YouTube channel! bit.ly/YouTubeTDJakes, Today on the show, T.D. Jakes speaks with the parents of 19-year-old Zach Anderson and discusses the judge's harsh sentencing., Tomorrow, T.D. Jakes meets and counsels the parents of Zach Anderson, a 19-year-old who received a harsh sentence for having consensual sex with a 14-year-old girl., "I have fear, but fear does not have me." Hear Christy's brave words by watching today's full episode on our YouTube channel: bit.ly/YouTubeTDJakes, Did you catch today's episode? What did you think? Let The Village know by commenting below!, "Abuse can happen to strong, intelligent women." Listen to Christy's story on today's all new show., "It's not just about somebody taking away my pretty face. They took away the comfort I felt in my own skin." Christy shares her story with T.D. Jakes on today's show., Tomorrow, T.D. Jakes speaks with an incredibly brave woman who remained strong after a horrific attack. Hear her story of survival on tomorrow's show., Great news, the premiere episode is now available on YouTube.  Click here to subscribe and view!  http://bit.ly/YouTubeTDJakes, T.D. Jakes shares his tips on parenting. Watch the full premiere episode on the T.D. Jakes show YouTube channel: http://bit.ly/YouTubeTDJakes, What a warm welcome from The Village! #PremiereDay, Today's premiere day! If you don't live in a city where we air, you're in luck! We'll be sharing the premiere episode on our YouTube channel! Subscribe now, and check back later this afternoon to watch! http://bit.ly/YouTubeTDJakes, How does Valerie's daughter feel about her mother publicly shaming her on the Internet? Find out by watching today's show., Today on T.D. Jakes, we discuss parents who publicly shame their children. Is it right for other people to tell you how to raise your child?, null, #wisewords, We're just ONE day away from the premiere of the T.D. Jakes show!, null, #wisewords, null, #wisewords, What do you think of parents who publicly shame their children? Join the debate by watching the premiere episode of T.D. Jakes, airing this Monday August 17., The premiere of my new show is Monday! Get ready. #August17, null, For our premiere, we dive right into the very controversial topic of public shaming. Watch on Monday August 17., #wisewords, Find out when to tune in to Monday's premiere episode! #TDJakesShow, A serene moment on our wonderful set., #TBT I've always enjoyed a nice suit., null, #wisewords, Do you want to join the rest of The Village at a taping of the T.D. Jakes show? Contact us at tdjakesaudience@44blue.com for free tickets!, We want to hear from The Village: Your bank mistakenly puts $500 in your account. Do you inform the bank or let it go? Answer YES or NO, and share your reasons why below., "If we attack the issue and not the individual, we are far more effective." The T.D. Jakes show premieres on August 17., null, Question for The Village: Is it okay to turn down your adult children when they ask to borrow money... even if you can afford it? Answer YES or NO and tell us why below., #wisewords, We want to hear from The Village: You're in a restaurant and the children at the next table are misbehaving. Is it okay to reprimand the children for their behavior? Answer YES or NO and tell us why below., Take a look behind the scenes of the T.D. Jakes control room, and get ready for the premiere on August 17!, Question for The Village: If you don't approve of your child's choice of boyfriend or girlfriend, do you voice your opinion or keep it to yourself? Answer YES or NO and tell us why below., “It's time to come clean.” Watch a sneak peek of the T.D. Jakes show, premiering August 17., null, Question for The Village: If you saw your friend's longtime romantic partner on a dating website, would you tell them? Answer YES or NO and your reasons why below., #MotivationMonday, Mark your calendars! The T.D. Jakes premiere is just ONE WEEK away! #August17 #Atlanta #Cleveland #Dallas #Minneapolis, Mark your calendars! The @TDJakesShow premiere is just ONE WEEK away! #August17 #Atlanta #Cleveland #Dallas #Minneapolis, "Trust is a reaction." Take a sneak peek at what to expect on the T.D. Jakes show, premiering next week on August 17., Get ready for the premiere of the T.D. Jakes show on August 17!, null, T.D. Jakes shares his excitement and expectations for his new show., #wisewords, It's worth it, T.D. Jakes talks about how gratifying it is to engage with The Village through social media., #wisewords, #wisewords, T.D. Jakes discusses how focusing on other people's issues can distract you from dealing with your own., We're so excited - the countdown IS ON!, Have you lost all your family's money and now fear you will lose them, too? If you made bad financial decisions and now fear you may lose your family, T.D. Jakes may be able to help. Reach out to us at TDJakesProducers@44blue.com., #wisewords, Watch T.D. Jakes weekdays in Atlanta, Cleveland, Dallas and Minneapolis starting August 17, T.D. Jakes discusses how fulfilling it is to help people., Have you made some bad choices in your life and lost it all? If your life has been destroyed by the bad decisions you've made, T.D. Jakes wants to help. Reach out to us at TDJakesProducers@44blue.com., Poll for The Village: Do you think publicly shaming your child on social media is an effective way to parent? Tell us YES or NO below, and why., #wisewords, We want to hear from The Village. Is it okay to lie to your spouse if you think your lie will spare their feelings? Share your thoughts below., Catch the T.D. Jakes premiere on August 17, airing in Atlanta, Cleveland, Dallas and Minneapolis!, T.D. Jakes discusses the benefit of listening to and accepting people with views different than your own., Do you have a gambling problem and don't know where to turn? If you need help to stop gambling, reach out to us at TDJakesProducers@44blue.com., Should you allow your partner full access to your emails and texts... or is it okay to keep some private? Share your thoughts below with the rest of The Village., We want to hear from The Village. Do you think it's okay to have a secret bank account or stash of money that your spouse doesn't know about? Share your thoughts below., #wisewords, Are you fighting with a family member and want T.D. Jakes' help to find a resolution? Contact us at TDJakesProducers@44blue.com for your chance to share your story on the show., Get ready - the T.D. Jakes show premieres August 17 in Atlanta, Cleveland, Dallas and Minneapolis!, T.D. Jakes discusses how the unique experiences he’s had will influence his new chapter in daytime TV., T.D. Jakes' latest book "Destiny" is available today! http://Destinythebook.com, #wisewords, Do you have a question for T.D. Jakes about your marriage? Comment below, and you may get the chance to have your question answered on the show!, Do you want to see a taping of T.D. Jakes this summer? Contact us for free tickets!, #wisewords, #wisewords, #wisewords, Is it #normalornuts to allow your toddler to sleep in the same bed as you and your spouse every night? Share your thoughts below! Then contact us at TDJakesProducers@44blue.com if you want to know if something you do is normal or nuts!, I finished my first week of taping my new show, and I can't wait for you all to see what we have in store., T.D. Jakes discusses the most adventurous thing he's ever done, and reveals a surprising fact you may not know about him., Today, the families of Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Tamir Rice, Eric Garner and Sandra Bland joined me for a very important conversation that everyone in America should also participate in., #wisewords, Get ready for the premiere of the T.D. Jakes show, coming to Atlanta, Cleveland, Dallas and Minneapolis on August 17!, Behind the scenes of a very powerful taping. This circle of mothers stands strong together. Pictured: Mike Brown’s mother Lesley McSpadden, Eric Garner’s mother Gwen Carr, Trayvon Martin’s mother Sybrina Fulton, Sandra Bland’s mother Geneva Reed-Veal and Tamir Rice’s mother Samaria Rice., Is it #normalornuts to miss your dog more than your spouse or kids when you're away? Share your thoughts below! Then contact us at TDJakesProducers@44blue.com if you want to know if something you do is normal or nuts!, #TBT Fashions may have changed, but the same love remains, It's about to begin... we have a very powerful show today., #wisewords, Is it normal or nuts if you talk to your mom five times a day... everyday? Comment below! Then contact us if you want to know if something you do is normal or nuts. http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, Do you want to know if something you do is #normalornuts? Tell us about it! http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ #TDJakesShow, T.D. Jakes shares the advice he would give his younger self and the most difficult thing about being a father., Would you like to attend a taping of the T.D. Jakes show this summer? Contact us for free tickets!, First audience and first day of taping T.D. Jakes! This amazing journey is about to begin., #wisewords, Do you want to know if something you do is #normalornuts? Tell us about it! http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, Is it #normalornuts if you refuse to let your spouse know your PIN number? Tell us! http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, T.D. Jakes shares his favorite things -- and the one thing he could never live without., Would you like to attend a taping of the T.D. Jakes show this summer? Email us for free tickets!, Would you like to get free tickets to a taping of the T.D. Jakes show? Here's your chance!, Get to know T.D. Jakes as he opens up about his personal heroes., Do you have a story to tell? Share it with us. http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, T.D. Jakes is coming to daytime TV starting August 17! #Atlanta #Cleveland #Dallas #Minneapolis, #MotivationMonday, Interested in attending a taping of the show? Contact us for free tickets!, Do you have a problem and you want T.D. Jakes to help? Share your story with us: http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, #wisewords, T.D. Jakes sounds off on social shaming., null, #wisewords, Want to attend a taping of the @TDJakesShow? Here's your chance!, Are you going through a difficult situation and need help? T.D. Jakes wants you to share your story on his new daytime talk show. http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, #wisewords, "Social shaming" has created a new discussion in our country.  Some say Val went too far with her 13-year-old daughter. What do you think?, Do you have a problem? T.D. Jakes may be able to help. Head here for the chance to share your story on the show: http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, #wisewords, null, Bishop T.D. Jakes is a visionary thought leader and a guiding voice that has helped millions of people transform their lives, find their destiny and live with purpose for over 36 years.
 
Now, this best-selling author, entrepreneur, businessman and world-renowned preacher brings his unique insight to daytime television.
 
Bishop Jakes helps his audience -- known as The Village – navigate life’s biggest challenges, including marriage, friendships, relationships, parenting, health, grief, loss, and finances.
 
“T.D. Jakes” is smart, provocative, transformative and unexpected -- a show that presents stories, guests, and topical issues that challenge the viewers to engage, think, and explore outside their comfort zone., #TBT If this child only knew what was to come..., Welcome to The Village., Like the T.D. Jakes show page and join the conversation., A place where we can share stories about the things that matter most., T.D. Jakes invites you to join his new community., The T.D. Jakes Show wants to hear your story. Click here for your chance to be on the show: http://bit.ly/YourStoryTDJ, Get ready for T.D. Jakes, coming to daytime TV this summer!)