List(Live Reggae Brunch packed as always!, It's now framed and ready to be filled up with signatures., Coach personalized it, Tom Brady and Malcolm Butler has signed it so far. So far so good! #Gopats #Tb12 #21Thebutlerdidit #Goat #Bestever #1Coach, No jokes here., null, null, null, This Saturday Great Cause...and Great Party!, null, null, Yep. That'll do., null, null, How to cut beer out of your diet. Step 1: Reconsider., We're on to West End Johnnie's!, null, null, null, Tickets are almost gone... Hosted by the Coach!, null, March 18th, 2008 Johnnie's Opened. Thank you for all of the Love, looking forward to serving you another 8!, The Conscious Reggae Band workin it at Live Reggae Brunch!, Happy Birthday #4 Bobby Orr, Another Saturday Night, get ur Country on!, Johnnie's Home of the Huskies 2016 Hockey East Champs, Reaching for your pint of beer., Tonight we host the Huskies! Go NU...Hockey East, null, It starts today and it just happens to be St. Patrick's Day, come in for a pint of Guinness!
We open at 2 pm, null, Come into Johnnie's at 2 pm on Thursday  March 17th, Celebrate St. Patrick's Day and watch March Madness with a pint of Guiness , shot of Jameson and get your green on! #potofgold #marchmaddnes #ncaa, null, You don't wanna miss this!, True or false: It's been WAY too long since you paid us a visit., null, R-E-S-P-E-C-T. 

(Thanks for the Insta pic, onwardheroes!), Doors are open, come on by !, null, null, You can't beat Fridays at Johnnie's!, What you want -- baby, we got it. 

(IG: powlamarino), Bruins Tyler Randell and Malcolm Subban at Johnnie's!, null, null, null, Now showing: Your meal in 3-D., null, null, null, null, Come on into "The West End" tonight for Country Night and DJ Soulo's send off!  Last night to see our boy..., The best part? You don't even have to do the dishes!, Naked i, We're 2 weeks away from the big day! Join us March 12th and support this great cause! All proceeds will go to Miles for Mary PMC team.

Don't miss the opportunity to participate in this great event!, null, null, null, null, Don't you want me, baby? 

(Thanks for the Insta pic, ymcmd_32!), null, null, null, The perfect compromise for every unlikely pair., Bruins Right Winger Tyler Randell enjoying Reggae Brunch and signing #4 Bobby Orr!, The Conscious Reggae Band Killin it today, What I got!, A cymbal of excellence!  A Zildjian cymbal signed by Legendary rockers Aerosmith now hangs over the entrance to "The West End Lounge @ Johnnie's. #Rockon #partyneverends, You don't see these anymore! Does anyone have a dime to make a call?, Mark your calendars friends! Come support this great cause on March 12th! 

50/50 Raffles, Silent Auctions, DJ and delicious food!   

Our own Dana Roy, Diana Lupher, Higor Trindade and Dave Glucksman will be riding the Pan-Mass Challenge August 6th and 7th to raise funds and awareness to cancer research!, Gone in 60 seconds. 

(Thanks for the Insta pic, c_mannn_!), null, Be wine, Valentine., null, null, Cold what cold?, null, Donnybrook..., null, We believe in love at first sight., Congrats to Boston College for winning their 20th Beanpot last night!, Who doesnt love this!, It now is on display here at West End Johnnies, She said YES!, #77 playin pickup..., null, What three words would you use to describe our city?, null, Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder., null, Beanpot  - NU Huskies Headquarters!, If you have never been to Johnnie's for Live Reggae Brunch your missing out, here is a sample..., People love Wagon Wheel, behind the scenes- Diggerdawg killin it to a packed house..., null, True that!, null, More like thirsty for a cold beer., Are you sitting down for this?

(Thanks for the Insta pic, teamtamcam!), Our own Stefanie Beyerl jamming with the Conscious Reggae Band at Sunday Reggae Brunch., It's easier than you think -- just bring them to our place!, Where can you do this, where can you get the Love!, HIFI tonight!, If a picture's worth 1000 words, then we're way over our character count., null, null, He who said this was a wise man., Tonight's plans? Just made., null, When going out to eat, do you usually prefer a booth or a table?, Country Night is downstairs, our boy DJ Soulo Killin it upstairs. . ., null, Cheers to a delicious new year!, We don't have Brunch tomorrow but every Sunday Live Reggae Brunch!, Once again for all those calling, sorry!, We hate to do this to you -- but, if you could only choose one dish to order from us for all of 2016, which would it be?, Sick, null, null, Avoid the lines and come early. Capacity at 10 pm., null, null, Sending warm holiday wishes to you and yours!, Johnnie's is closed Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Merry Christmas everyone!, null, null, We're dreaming of a white Christmas., This Christmas from Reggae Brunch with The Conscious Reggae Band at West End Johnnies, Merry Christmas to all. .., Not one , but two Mass General Hospital Holiday Parties tonight!, Don't fight the force., As visions of good food danced through his head, he knew at our place he'd soon be well fed., null, Brunch is calling, and we must go., Master Sergeant Sabourin and the guys! #marinecorpselfie #Toysfortots #Proudtohavethemhere #USA, null, We're in the middle of a big debate and need your help! Which is better -- the first bite or the last?, Happy Birthday Frank!, What a great holiday party playing for gift cards!, null, null, Finally..., null, Fantastic! Berklee School of Music Alumni Holiday Party..., Berklee School of Music Alumni Holiday Party big crowd great time!, Comcast / Cars.com luncheon, with special guests Gary Tanguay, Joe Haggerty and Tom Curran addressing the crowd today!, null, null, 9 pm packed and line down the street., We're here to make your hearts smile., Everyone is out tonight!, Always nice to get some good news!, Big crowd for tonights Outdoorsman party!, null, Christmas in full swing, packed house with Hippocketorchestra. Where can you do this?, To get you in the Christmas mood, Santa Baby..., Hello, it’s me., Have dinner and enjoy the show!, Don't miss this one!, null, Johnnie's is decorated inside and out, Seasons Greetings!, null, Getting weird at Reggae Brunch today, I missed the good stuff..., Good stuff..., Think big. Shop small. Support local., null, null, We can't spell thankful without "U". This Thanksgiving, we're grateful for you and your support!, Thanksgiving Day..., Stuff it in the turkey!, Packed house, have a great Thanksgiving!, Johnnie's favorite Celts guy Kelly O..., null, null, Fun fact: The day before Thanksgiving is one of the biggest drinking days of the year, on that note come get your drink on at West End Johnnies with DJ Obie playing all your favorite tunes throughout the night!, null, A piece of the WEEI team, Lou Merloni and Joey Zarbano enjoying Live Reggae Brunch with Mason and Errol Strength!, Everything's gonna be alright, with Vanessa Salvucci...., Decisions, decisions., Looks like we just made that "Where should we go for dinner?" conversation obsolete., Meet the Marines and the Bruins Alum. Toys for Tots!, null, I went to brunch and fun broke out!, I like the way you work it, what happened to brunch haha, Don't you worry bout a thing, if you wanna have fun with your friends come here. If you wanna talk quietly over coffee you might wanna go to Starbucks! #livereggaebrunch  #consciousband  #partyneverends #livereggaebrunch, Bruins Defenseman Zach Trotman enjoying Live Reggae Brunch with friends!, null, null, null, null, Love at first bite., null, null, Once again tonight for the Bruins game we are honored to host the military and the #USO, Tonight we host the military again prior to Bruins game 430 - 7 pm! #USO, Tomorrow night we do it all again with the Bruins!, It's official 435 uniformed military came into Johnnies this evening and we will be hosting again tomorrow night for the Bruins game! #USO, Love having these Brave Men and Women in the house! #USO, We love having the military in the house, Thank you for all you do! #USO, To all our veterans: Thank you for your service., As always we will be hosting the USO, for the men and women of the armed forces. 430 - 7 pm prior to the Celts game this evening Nov 11th and the Bruins game Nov 12th. #GodBlessAmerica, Live Reggae Brunch is getting crazy..., Eroll Strength workin the room on Sunday, making people happy!, 9:42 pm line outside, full inside!, null, Plan early..., null, It's all about priorities., Come early it's Bostons biggest Saturday night!  Country Night, null, null, As always Johnnie's will be hosting the USO prior to this game. #USA #USO #GodBlessAmerica, null, null, Real food needs no filter., null, null, null, null, Live Reggae Brunch with the Pats! Julian Edelman #minitron #Goat #Gopats, null, Bostons only place for Country! Saturday Nights are Country Nights. Packed at 930, Before, Monster Mash Halloween Bash costume Winner! Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader  $500.00, Come in tonight and hangout with all the Boys and Goules: Country Night Halloween Costume Party, We're raising spirits tonight., null, null, Come in tonight, it will be a howling good time!, Tonight: Monster Mash Halloween Bash, Goat Boy  (baaahaa) and the Sugar Skull girls!, The Celtics are playing at the Garden tonight so don't come to late, you will be left out in the coldddddd hahaha. ...., null, null, Yeah baby!, null, Here we go another season, Good Luck Celts!, We were going to post a picture of beer, but we got thirsty., null, This Friday and Saturday don't be a goon, come to Johnnie's!, null, null, Saturday night / Country Nights jammed as always!, Live life with no regrets., null, null, All you boys and ghouls come to Johnnie's  for Halloween and hangout! It's electrifying...., Come in for Halloween and hangout with all of us at Johnnie's and pick up some ghouls!, null, On the eve of the 30th Anniversary of the movie Back to the Future,  I'd like to send my boy Michael J. All the Best!, We believe in a thing called love., null, Their back..., null, Colts get so many banners!, Happy Birthday Errol Strength our fabulous Reggae singer with the Conscious Reggae Band!, null, null, What you're looking for has been here the whole time., Channel 7 Evening News Team Kim Khazei, Adam Williams and friends enjoying "The Blue Room" @ Johnnie's after the news..., Hello, beautiful., null, Don't be a goon, come to Johnnie's!, Don't trust people who don't like brunch. They're probably not human., null, Lets go Bruins! Tonight, null, Bet you stopped scrolling., null, Today they walked!, Come early..., Latest Boston Bruins to sign #4 Bobby Orr artwork, Centerman Ryan Spooner, Goalie Jeremy Smith and RW David Pastrnac. Go Bruins!, Not long now!, How to win a heart in five words., null, null, Tonight we had an Italian Tour Group dine with us. 30 people all ordered steak, Mangia!, All dressed up and ready to go to West End Johnnie's., null, null, null, null, null, Late start, but standing room only now!  Live Reggae Brunch. .., Ruins doing well in preseason!, null, We're taking a poll! What's your favorite thing to order at our place?, null, Don't look now -- but, this fried crab BLT is totally checking you out. 

(Thanks for the Insta pic, teamtamcam!), On their way to West End Johnnie's! (Probably.), It's time to make it official., United we stand -- today and every day., null, Celebrate Labor Day the right way., Johnnie's is doin some renovations...in the West End Lounge., Sweet Home Alabama..., Boston's longest, hottest Saturday night. Country Night - Come party with us every week. 8 years and goin Strong! #bostonstrong #partyneverends #countrynight #westendjohnnies, null, "People who love to eat are always the best people." -Julia Childs, null, Welcome Channel 7 news team in the house for Bruces birthday Alex Corddry, Peter Bouchard,  Adam Williams and the crew..., Labor day weekend and the city is really quite haha but not here..., It's an honor to have been selected for Heineken ONEHUNDRED City Guide for BOSTON. Top 100 bars in these US cities. Cheers!, null, null, null, null, Boy meets girl. Boy loses girl. Boy finds girl eating a chicken salad., null, null, null, null, The choice is yours., null, null, null, null, Wanna keep up with all the buzz? Prioritize us in your News Feed and you'll never miss a beat., null, null, Way to go Maxie!, Sure is quite in the summer. Haha, Errol Strength and the Conscious Reggae band making people happy every Sunday at Johnnie's., Can't argue with that logic., null, null, We've been told we have a way with words., null, Great summertime Live Reggae Brunch today!, "Clear eyes. Full plates. Can't lose." -Friday Night Bites, Possibly Coach Belichicks biggest signing of the 2015 season. See it at Johnnie's!, Not every trip to paradise requires a plane ticket., null, null, We can't promise you the world, but we can promise you this:, Come celebrate national oyster day with us!, null, Wine under a microscope -- as pretty as it is delicious., null, Red Sox Steve "Psycho " Lyons @ West End Johnnie's!, If you have never done this, but you have always wanted to you should come into Johnnie's this Thursday and artist JJ Long will treat you right. Check out his video. Sit back, have a drink and paint your heart out. Jjartworks.com, Black Mass   Coming Soon...Jjartworks.com, Coming soon..., If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing on our menu, what would it be?, It's gonna be good!, null, null, null, null, Eat your heart out., null, Our latest art project is complete. Boston movie posters in order: Jaws, The Boston Strangler, Ted, Good Will Hunting, Black Mass and The Departed.  On to the next project. Thank you JJ Long from Melrose, Ma. Jjartworks.com.      Which one do you like best?, The last paintings have been finished. BLACK MASS the new Whitey Bulger Story due out in September starring Johnny Depp and "The Departed" that starred Jack Nicholson. Jjartworks.com, You answered correctly. Now you can celebrate Tequila Day!, Great night, great cause!, Come see JJ and have some fun right here at West End Johnnie's on August 6th!, I'm cold. Hold me., null, Live Reggae Brunch -Drummer in training!, Everybody is Happy at Live Reggae Brunch!, null, This new painting will be easy to guess because of the print. Stars: Jack Nicholson.  Jjartworks.com, Keep all those Like's coming!, Our first paint night was a huge success, don't miss our next one! Jjartworks.com, Let's hope coming home is good..., There is still time to go tonight, don't miss out. Jjartworks.com, In honor of Get to Know Your Customer Day, we want to know: Are you a Boston native, or did you get here as fast as possible?, null, The latest painting is the new Johnny Depp movie being released in September "Black Mass"  Whitey Bulger Story   Jjartworks.com, Are you sitting down for this?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Hard to believe Tim Thomas partying at West End Johnnie's 4 years ago today  celebrating a Cup win!, Peter King from Sports Illustrated and friends enjoying dinner in "The Red Room" before the first Garden U2 show tonight..., It's finished "Good Will Hunting "  came out great! Can you guess the next one? I'll give you a hint, the movie hasn't come out yet and it opens in September. It stars Johnny Depp...Jjartworks.com, Thank you for all the new likes!, For your viewing pleasure., Very limited circumstances, right?, Not quite finished yet, but yes "Good Will Hunting ". Jjartworks.com, null, null, Hey, this is a question for you ladies? We want to paint a mural in the ladies room and need a suggestion. We were thinking of a chick flick poster theme. Pretty Woman is the number one selection so far, Dirty Dancing has been suggested.  Any other ideas ladies?, null, Ok as you can see this one is "Ted" with Mark Wahlberg, it's in our men's room btw haha and what is the next painting? Can you guess? Jjartworks.com, null, True or false: You need three days to recover from a three-day weekend., Ok this one is finished, that's right it's The Boston Strangler starring Tony Curtis. Can you guess what the next one is as it evolves?  J.J.Long the artist has more work to do so stay tuned...Jjartworks.com, Johnnie's is bumpin... Happy 4th!, Just a reminder that we'll be switching things up a bit over the next few days. Wishing you all a wonderful holiday!, null, null, Johnnie's is gettin some new artwork, artist J.J.Long is putting the finishing touches on the latest painting. Can you guess what the next one is?, Johnnie's hours for the holiday weekend are as follows : Friday, July 3rd kitchen is closed but we are open for Showtime Friday, doors open at 8pm. Saturday, July 4th no kitchen and doors open at 8. We have a DJ but Diggerdawg has the night off. Sunday July 5th there is no Live Reggae Brunch we are closed, also closed Monday and Tuesday July 6th and 7th. Have a safe and happy holiday weekend!  See you for Shania Twain on Wednesday July 8th., null, We've got your recipe for a good day right here., null, Always girls, girls, girls @ West End Johnnie's #partyneverends, Rainy day Reggae..., null, null, null, Today the Bruins lost one of the original  Johnnie's guys! Good luck to Looch in La La Land..., null, null, null, To share or not to share -- is that even a question?, null, null, null, True or False: It may look like you're having deep thoughts, but 99% of the time you're thinking about the drink you're going to have later., null, Live Reggae Brunch Father's Day Full!, Here's to the greatest dad we know., null, null, null, null, Country Nights!, Great gift idea for Dad!, Jack Daniels hosting a regional appreciation sit down dinner tonight with much Jack!, "Somebody pinch me.", null, null, Join artist J.J.Long, 2 upcoming nights!, null, null, null, Well deserved! Very happy for these guys..., The 3000-fan mark is in our rear-view mirror! Thanks for all of your help getting there., null, 3001 likes woohooo!, We are 1 away from 3000 likes!, A bunch of the Celtics are in tha house tonight enjoying their summer...., null, Lil Peter Levine walkin the streets in the old West End..., The Boston Celtics hosting a nice event for the media tonight!, Step up to the plate., Help us get to 3000 fans - we're only 18 away!, null, null, True or false: your love for your friend intensifies when they buy an appetizer for the whole table., null, null, null, null, null, null, Castignetti Bros. Sign is from Endicott Street not pictured here..., We're seeking a soul mate., Don't forget. All summer long!, null, We already know what your favorite dish is here, but the real question is, what do you get to drink with it?, null, Rainy day Reggae, Erroll making people happy!, null, null, null, null, See all you graduates tonight, all UMASS students with a valid student ID and 21+ gets line privileges tonight and tomorrow night! Congrats  #partyneverends, null, Reserve "The Red Room" for your next dinner. Its just like The Red Room in The White House. You don't have to be a Kennedy or an O'Neill to have this room., *speechless*, null, null, null, There is still some availability for Graduation lunch this Friday at West End Johnnie's call for reservations 6172271588 footsteps to The Garden. Congrats!, UMASS Boston's Graduation is this Friday so anyone that has a current UMASS student ID and is 21 or older gets line privileges. You can skip the line this Friday and Saturday evening. Congrats!  #partyneverends, All gave some. Some gave all. Thanks to all who have served., null, null, I thought everyone went away for the holiday! I guess not..., null, null, null, null, null, Every weekend should be a three-day weekend -- do you agree?, null, null, Boston Bruins own Torey Krug recently suited up with Team USA winning a bronze in the World Championships., Does this sign look familiar?  
The NAKED i. It's now at Johnnie's., In Honor of Memorial Day we will be closed Sunday and Monday May 24th and 25th. No Reggae Brunch Sunday. We will be open Friday and Saturday evenings for nightlife. However no kitchen on Saturday. Have a safe and happy holiday weekend!, DONT DRINK AND DRIVE!  HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOLIDAY., null, Life might not be perfect, but your drink can be., null, null, Come in and check out Johnnie's new Summer menu!, null, Never a shortage of ladies @ Reggae Brunch., Reggae Brunch has great pancakes... just ask these kids., Kids love Reggae Brunch it's like bein at home. Where did you go after pancakes!, It's ok if you don't like Country, the place is bumpin upstairs ...., null, It's coming..., null, null, null, null, null, True or False: You know exactly what you're ordering the second you walk through our doors., null, null, Clean plate. Full stomach. Can’t lose., null, From our family to yours!, null, All Summer long, Blue Points!, Johnnie's Green Monster!, null, All weekend long Friday and Saturday evening May 8th and 9th if you are a Northeastern Graduate Class of 2015 you can cut the line with a valid School ID. Party on!  21+ of course., Starting a new future. NU Class of 2015, Congrats Class of 2015! NU, null, Northeastern's Graduation today at the "Garden" Johnnie's is starting to fill up now. Congrats Class of 2015!, Johnnie having lunch with the Governor Charlie Baker this week., null, null, Johnnie hangin with the Pats at Johnnie's!, null, Mom always said to clean your plate., null, null, null, Get all your ducks in a row!, Country Roads at Country Music Night @ West End Johnnies., null, null, null, null, Johnnie and Paul Wahlburg doin some nice charity work BAMSI EVENT @ Granite Hills Golf Course in Quincy., We did a study, and the results are in: The best days to come to West End Johnnie's end in "Y"., null, Nice, Pre - Eric Church show we can't get anymore people in tha house! Woo Hooo, We'll save you a seat tonight!, New Bruins Centerman Max Talbot  signing Bobby, and enjoying Reggae Brunch with family!, Celts vs. Cavs - meet Reggae Brunch!, null, Either way, we're ordering another glass., null, null, null, null, null, From one year ago... Dream On Boston!, null, Congratulations and good luck to all of those running the marathon today. We're proud to call Boston home, today and every day., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Always trust your gut., null, null, null, null, Bobby and Derek back in the day. .., null, A new fantastic point of view., null, What a day!, null, null, null, null, Nice hardware!, null, null, null, Packed today Live Reggae Brunch,  Bruins in tha house we will get em next year!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Tom Brady has a new restaurant. ..., null, null, null, Quick question: How did you first hear about us way back when?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Too funny..., null, null, null, Boston Strong!, null, null, null, null, Wow that's bad!, That's all we need!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We're ready for our close-up., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Bruins new Right Winger Brett Connolly enjoying Easter Reggae style. Go Bruins!, null, null, null, null, null, Newest Bruins Defenseman Zach Trotman and some of the boys enjoying Easter Reggae Brunch and latest to sign Bobby!, null, null, null, null, Final Four and Bruins game tonight come early it will be PACKED!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, You wouldn't think a golfer works so hard..., null, null, null, null, null, Great athlete, time flys..., null, Good man!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, It's no joke., null, null, null, null, null, Here you go girls!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, What’s your napkin style: In your lap or tucked into your shirt?, null, null, null, null, null, Here we go Bruins here we go!, null, null, null, null, null, Where can you have this much fun for breakfast!  It's not breakfast it's not lunch, it's Live Reggae Brunch., Live Reggae Brunch every Sunday with the Conscious Band.  Always packed we suggest reservations way in advance!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Gronk bein Gronk..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We want to know, which is better: the first bite or the last bite?, null, null, Always good to hear nice things!, That's our Cannons!, Over $130,000 raised!, Things keep gettin worse..., null, Cmon people the Olympics in Boston it will be epic!, I never give up... Here we go Bruins here we go!, Haha u can't make this stuff up..., null, null, null, Get outta town...haha, null, Sad, Let's hope we have them in Boston, Good guy, bad league..., null, Say it ain't so. .., The perfect cure for the common Monday., null, null, null, It's coming Labor day weekend get ready Boston!, If you play they will come... Conscious Reggae!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Who knew?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, That's how you know it's real., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Pretty cool, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The real gold at the end of the rainbow. Happy St. Patrick's Day!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Nice we did it!, Pretty funny stuff..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, True or false: I don’t want a beer. I need a beer., null, Pretty funny, if you missed it here it is..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Yes I do, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Keep it goin boys!, null, null, Sad day, null, null, null, When you're hungry, all roads lead to West End Johnnies., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Turk, null, null, Bruins won this battle too... haha, null, null, Errol doin what he does, workin the room..., In the West End., Packed house as always Reggae Brunch @ it's best!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Don't think of it as losing an hour of sleep tonight, think of it as one less hour you have to wait until your next meal at our place., null, null, null, null, Coming soon. .., null, null, null, Come to Reggae Brunch and see the Conscious Reggae band, Watch the old one and the new one just hilarious..., null, null, null, null, Here we go!?, null, null, null, null, Who knew Nirvana played in JP?, So cool, see what some real Patriots Samuel Adams and Paul Revere locked away 220 years ago. It's about an hour long totally fascinating. Boston where it all began!, Way to go NU!, null, null, null, null, Bet you wish this was a scratch 'n' sniff., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, North End 1960..., null, Ice fishing in Massachusetts, null, Live Reggae Brunch is bumpin...stir it up!, Gary Cherone Extreme ' s and Van Halen front man celebrating brother Mikes birthday chillin with Bruins Torey Krug at Country Night., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, An original WEST Ender, RIP Leonard Nimoy! His picture hangs in the West End Lounge here at Johnnie's. This picture was from his childhood taken on the banks of the river Charles., null, null, null, null, Wow if you didn't see it..., Show your appreciation for all those who prepare your food -- Happy Personal Chef Day!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Today we hosted a large crowd for the DNA luncheon for Boston 2024. Bring on the Olympics Boston!, null, null, null, null, Isn't it time you two meet face-to-face?, Always remember!, Beanpot Headquarters for Northeastern University, they are feeling right at home @ West End Johnnie's.  Go Huskies!, null, null, null, null, And the award for Best Drink goes to..., Waiting patiently for his table at Live Reggae Brunch..., null, Happy Anniversary to the 1980 TEAM USA!, null, Snow and cold! Longest line in awhile, capacity at 930. Sorry about the line, you gotta come early!, Hahaha, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, My boy Jimmy..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Ridiculous!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Art imitates life!  The movie picture and the CNN and the Boston Globe pitures., null, null, null, null, A balanced diet is a beer in each hand., null, Due to the impending blizzard hitting the City of Boston on Sunday, Live Reggae Brunch @ Johnnies will be canceled on Sunday February 15. Also the parking ban and the MBTA is shutting down the busses, trains, subways and trolleys. Be safe!, null, null, null, It doesn't matter what year it is a blizzard is a blizzard!, And you know how much we love beer. Happy Valentine's Day!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Bill is the man and Dave isnt!, null, On the heels of another Patriots Superbowl victory I take this opportunity to post this letter which hangs at the entrance to Johnnie's. Almost 10 years ago Coach wrote me this letter supporting me in my new venture. Johnnie's has now been open for almost 8 years this spring. It's hard to believe the years go by so quickly. Like the Patriots we celebrated our best year to date growing and getting better each year. You learn from your mistakes and you make adjustments and improvements. You see all of the hard work, dedication and organization that he and his administration and team put in and you use those same work ethics to run your business and you will be successful. I also; have learned to build a strong team! Thanks for all the wins, the thrills and also all of the lessons. Congratulations for winning another Superbowl. I feel as though Johnnie's also won big this year. Thank you customers and friends for choosing and supporting Johnnie's! #Teamwork #doyourjob, null, null, null, null, Snow and Swimsuits!, Johnnie's will be open this evening for the Bruins game. Be safe out there!, null, null, null, null, Douglas, this review is killer -- thank you! 
"We just had an amazing dinner at your restaurant. We ordered steak tips, med. rare, and mac and cheese. We also ordered two pineapple punch which were really strong. We come down every year for a Bruins game from Canada. We look forward to coming to your restaurant again. The service was great and the food was delicious.", null, null, And suddenly, all the love songs were about you., null, null, The Beanpot has been rescheduled to February 23rd..., null, Then and now, this scene was from Spencer for Hire. The NAKED i, null, null, null, null, Gerard Phelan goin long tonight at Country Night!, More snow comin oh God..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, 37 years ago today! February 7th..., null, null, null, null, null, null, Spoiled rotten you gotta love it!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We want to know, what food do you wish could be wiped off the face of the earth?, Who doesn't like Fireball!, He never spikes them beers at Johnnie's, null, null, Boston Strong!, Boston your my home! It doesn't get any better. .., null, null, The Patriots make everyone look like these guys..., null, null, Love is in the air., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Chelsea gettin ready for a big show tonight.  Country Nights!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Come in and root the Patriots to a victory! The action starts @ 4pm right after Live Reggae Brunch!, null, Fingers crossed your team does, too!, null, null, null, null, The best time to eat at West End Johnnie's was yesterday -- second best time is now., null, null, null, null, null, null, What do people do with no football? Live Reggae Brunch of course!, Another shot of Cooper., Our special guest today in The Red Room for Reggae Brunch is 6 week old Cooper., null, null, null, null, null, null, How are you getting ready for the big game next weekend?, null, Save the best for last., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, You're my favorite hello and hardest goodbye., null, If Tina Fey and Amy Poehler called and asked you to recommend a dish of ours, which would you choose?, null, Come in for some soup! Or chowder. ..ha, Live Reggae Brunch every Sunday!, null, null, We haven't seen you since 2014!, null, null, Your cure for the January blues:, null, Reggae Brunch is Jammin, null, The courthouse across the street from Johnnie's was named after this statesman.  God Bless!, null, null, null, Here's hoping 2015 is the best year yet!, Happy New Year to everyone, from all of us at Johnnie's!, null, FACT: You still have 3 days left in 2014 to have a meal at our place., null, null, Wish you happy holidays, from our family to yours!, null, null, It's A Wonderful Life, All day? Now that's something to celebrate!, null, Looks like Santa came early this year., Berklee College of Music holiday party really rockin it tonight..., They say a glass of wine a day is good for you -- the bottle is glass, right?, First box is full!, Blue Christmas playin but Toys for Tots Marines collecting gifts for kids so it won't be blue..., 98.5 Toucher & Rich with Bob Ryan at his book signing., null, Bob Ryan is signing his new book Scribe tonight., null, null, null, ♫ I just want you for my own, more than you could ever know ♫, null, null, null, null, Hippocket Holiday party!, Hippocket Orchestra, We're bringing families together, one holiday at a time., null, null, null, Boston Celtics fan favorite DJ Scal. Brian Scalabrine DJing Friday night! With DJ Soulo., null, null, null, null, null, null, TBT: Do you remember what the first dish you tried at our place was?, null, null, null, It's only logical., Have some dinner or grab a drink and enjoy some great music and get in the holiday spirit!, null, Merry Christmas!, Bostonnnnnnn!, Sure does beat Thanksgiving leftovers, doesn't it?, null, null, Don't miss this event, a few special guests will be here and also support a great cause with the help of the Marines during the holiday season!, null, null, null, null, What are you thankful for today?, We will be closed Thanksgiving Day and night we hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!  We reopen Friday November 28th at 3pm., Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, null, null, null, Young or old you will love our Live Reggae Brunch every Sunday!, null, Country Nights!, Johnnie's is always bumpin!, null, We want to know, how old were you when you got to sit at the adult table?, null, null, null, Caught you staring., null, null, null, null, News flash: we love Boston., null, null, Thank you to all of our veterans who have served., Two blocks away. it was so much better than what's there now..., Official USO sponsor supporting our troops!, null, What’s on your Sunday to-do list?, null, null, Just having some brunch with the BAE., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We're all about a little change -- come in and check out our new menu! http://bit.ly/1rBgyZE, RIP Mr. Mayor! Tom Menino Boston is your home., We've all been there, which is why you should just come here., null, null, null, Beer -- because being an adult is hard., null, null, null, Country Nights @ Johnnie's packed upstairs and down, come early lines go way down the street!, null, null, null, null, The first thing I order when I sit down at West End Johnnie's is ____., null, null, null, For all you boys and goules!, Keep calm and pretend it's not Monday., null, null, null, null, Put the word 'Whiskey' somewhere in the title of your favorite movie. What do you get?, Memories of your childhood still live! Who doesn't love the circus., null, West End Johnnie's will be there. Will you be? Don't miss it!, null, Looks like they're ready to pug out!, The Splendid Splinter, null, null, null, Best do what he says and nobody gets hurt., null, null, null, When your server asks, "How is everything?", null, null, null, null, null, Home of the NAKED i, Put this at the top of your bucket list., null, null, Sad news, Can you relate?, null, null, null, Or you could just eat here -- no labor required., null, null, null, null, null, Good things come to those who eat Fish and Chips., Did you see? We reached 2500 fans! Thank you for all of your help!, This looks good in front of you.

Photo by Melissa M., Boston's Best and Biggest Saturday Night.
When the sun goes down everything gets hotter!, null, Your face when someone say, "Let's go to West End Johnnie's.", null, null, null, null, null, null, null, On this day, our thoughts go out to the family, friends, and neighbors of those affected by the events of September 11th., That's all they really want., null, null, null, That's right they are at Johnnie's this Saturday. Private show of course!, Now, where to start?, What a line up!, null, null, null, null, null, null, It's time to enjoy the fruits of your labor!, null, null, We will be closed for renovations and will reopen next Friday Sept. 5th. Our floors take a beating. Have a safe and happy holiday! Ps: Henry Garcia you work to hard. Haha, null, null, Your face when you realize it's a 3-day weekend!, null, null, null, null, null, null, A bit of the live and unplugged show from Johnnie's, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Fill in the blank -- It would be wrong to stop by our place without trying the ____., null, null, null, null, null, And the weekend. Happy Friday!, Need we say more? 

Photo credit: Carl S. via foursquare, null, Johnnie goes West End to West bank!, Nice thank you Frank Garcia jaja, null, null, null, It's National Relaxation Day! What better way to relax than with a beer at our place?, null, null, Who do you need to share a meal with this week?, null, null, We've got you covered., null, null, It's true. There isn't., null, Johnnie's crew pre jump at Skydive New England. .., Walk the Moon live at Johnnie's today. Tonight at the Bank Pavilion!, null, Today is International Chicken Wing Day. We've got everything you need to celebrate accordingly!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Sharing is caring, but when it comes to a meal at our place, it's OK to keep your fork to yourself., null, null, null, null, null, I shot the Sheriff but don't shoot us no seats ... make reservations!, Live Reggae Brunch=standing room only! Make reservations. .., null, What better way to finish off the weekend?, Countryyyyy, null, null, null, null, Really smart people grab a drink here., null, null, null, null, null, Reggae Brunch just added a sax. Alex can play..., null, null, It's the perfect time to have a meal at our place!, null, null, null, null, null, On a scale of 10 to 10, how much do you love our Johnnie's House Burger?, null, null, null, null, null, And I think to myself, what a wonderful dish., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, As if sweet potato chips were amazing enough, we added bacon to ours., null, null, Come out and play tonight at Country Night! Yee haw..., null, We open tonight @ 8pm! Don't let the rain stop your 4th. DJ Soulo rockin it tonight - no cover., null, Cheers to the Red, White, and Brew. Happy 4th of July!, null, Our hours for the July 4th weekend are as follows: Friday July 4th doors open at 8pm for nightlife / no kitchen. Saturday July 5th Country night doors open at 7pm/no kitchen. Sunday July 6th no Live Reggae Brunch /closed. Mon. and Tuesday July 7th and 8th closed. Have a safe and happy holiday weekend!, null, null, null, As they say, the best things are yet to come., null, null, null, Friends don't let friends get hangry., Tragic, Beat the heat with a summer ale and $1.50 oysters!, null, null, null, null, Saturday night on point..., null, Our secret ingredient., It's finally Friday! Felt like it took a week to get here., null, Looks like you have a lot on your mind. Want to drink about it?, null, null, null, Live Reggae Brunch! If you can sing come on down..., Who needs napkins when you've got kids? Happy Father's Day!, null, null, null, null, null, Doing the dishes is on us tonight., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Selfie., null, It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. There is clearly room for more wine., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Land of the free, because of the brave. Happy Memorial Day!, Your parents always told you to eat your veggies. Which vegetable did you hate as a kid but now love as an adult?, null, null, Leaving feedback for us is easy-just respond here! We'd love to hear from you., Leave it tonight. We've got dinner covered., null, Celebrate your new-found freedom with a meal from us., We're on Twitter too! How do you use Twitter and Facebook differently?

http://twitter.com/johnnieswestend, What year did the first modern day restaurant open?
a. 1803
b. 1765
c. 1492
d. 1776, Give mom a break today. Treat her to a dinner with us., null, It's Cinco de Mayo! Best to have some beers on hand., null, null, null, It's Friday. The toughest decision you should have to make today is bottle or draft., Let us help you keep the peace., Dinner tonight. No room at the Inn!, Pregame, null, West End Neighbors, The new generation..., LIVE Reggae Brunch!, Currently (and always) accepting testimonials! If you have a minute, please let us know how we're doing!, If you had to eat just 1 of our dishes every day for a month, what would it be?, Today, have a drink on the Earth., null, null, Say when., Happy Tax Day everyone! Celebrate your hard-earned refund with a well deserved meal from us., null, null, From families to sports fans to celebrities, we're bringing Boston together with our upscale food and casual dining atmosphere., null, http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-boozy-brunches/, Do we have to spell it out for you?, Ever wonder where Chris Tierney of the New England Revolution goes out to eat? Check out this clip from Dining Playbook with his top 5--bet you can't guess where his favorite place to brunch is!, Our menu is as eclectic as Boston itself. Which of our dishes says "home" to you?, Join us every Sunday for Reggae Brunch, 11AM-4PM!, null, null, null, null, null, Saturday nights at West End Johnnie's!, null, null, null, null, null, null, http://www.crowdrise.com/BostonBruinsFoundation2014BAA/fundraiser/johncaron1, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Mike Napoli signing Teddy Ballgames painting while enjoying a night out at Johnnie's!, If you missed last week's show by live cover band Parker House and Theory, with awesome sets in between by Soulo, Dolo and Chizzy, make sure you stop by tonight.  Show kicks off at 9:30 after the Bruins game, no cover., null, null, null, null, null, Melrose High Reunion Class of 1978 http://conta.cc/19EjwWc, Summer in the city. Dinner and a show at West End Johnnie's http://conta.cc/15zshwl, Dinner and a show this Wednesday at West End Johnnies!, Tonight. Don't miss The Wingman. Awesome fun!!!!!!❗❗❗❗❗, Sam Adams Summer Ale &  Oysters!, Check this guy out at West End Johnnies Friday night. Laughs, laughs and more laughs. The Wingman won't disappoint!, This Wednesday night, http://www.musicmanage.com/artists/Hip_Pocket_Orchestra/Preview, null, This month at West End Johnnie's, Comedy night with "The Wingman" James Holeva http://conta.cc/13Qx0Ph, Jason Aldean concert at Fenway Park. July 13th. Admission includes: seats on the Budweiser Roof Deck, food, beer and wine included, Hang out with Tim Wakefield and Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. will be up there also. The opening acts are Miranda Lambert, Jake Owen, Thomas Rhett., Jason Aldean concert at Fenway Park. July 13th. Admission includes: seats on the BudweiserRoof Deck, food, beer and wine included, Hang out with Tim Wakefield and Ricky Stenhouse, Jr. will be up there also. The opening acts are Miranda Lambert, Jake Owen,  Thomas Rhett., Friday book signing: Francona The Red Sox Years by Terry Francona & Dan Shaughnessy  http://conta.cc/YHuHwg, Saturday May 4th. 3PM
Come watch the 139th Kentucky Derby with us 
at
West End Johnnies

Kitchen opens early.
Delicious traditional Mint Juleps.
Kentucky dress optional., Book signing: Francona The Red Sox Years by Terry Francona & Dan Shaughnessy  http://conta.cc/Yh8JjJ, Dinner and a show tomorrow at West End Johnnies with Hip Pocket Orchestra and Rich DiMare!, Based on the situation that has been going on and is unfortunately still happening, Johnnie's will be closed tonight.  We will be re-opening tomorrow and wish everyone peace and safety., Here's the cool pic of the book cover!, Book signing: Francona The Red Sox Years by Terry Francona & Dan Shaughnessy  http://conta.cc/ZAFx2b, Join the NHL and Boston Bruins Alumni on Saturday, April 13th at West End Johnnie's for a night of great local music and Boston Bruins Hockey all while raising money to support the first annual Boston NHL Alumni Pro-Am benefiting Boston Children's Hospital!

Attendees will not only enjoy performances by Daniel Byrnes, Jenna Bortolotti and headlining act John Beninghof, but will get the chance to watch the Bruins take their brand of hockey to the Carolina Hurricanes with members of the Boston Bruins Alumni. The night will feature numerous surprise guest appearances by many great local musicians in addition to silent auction and raffle prizes, so don't miss your chance to see the show all while mingling with former NHL greats and raising funds for the kids!  

Tickets are only $20 and can be purchased at: http://nhlalumniproambenefit.eventbrite.com, null, Rich DiMare and Hip Pocket Orchestra., Wednesday night this week. Don't miss Hip Pocket orchestra & Rich DiMare.
, West End Johnnies is your favorite spot to view all Boston Bruins away games!

Join us &
Samuel Adams on tonight at 7PM!

Stop by to catch all the action and meet the Boston Bruins Ice Girls!!!!, TONIGHT!!! Dinner and a show!!! http://conta.cc/13htMip, Johnnie's will be closed tomorrow due to the "Blizzard of 2013" but will be reopening as soon as possible on Saturday.  Everyone stay safe, and we'll see you soon!, It's not too late to get tickets for The Wingman's show, tomorrow night at West End Johnnies., null, Here's a little taste of The Wingman!
This Friday at West End Johnnies, 7:30PM, null, Top Shelf Nights... Only about 50 tickets left for the annual NYE party at West End Johnnies!, Top Shelf Nights NYE at West End Johnnies!, Saturday , Country Music Night @ West End Johnnies!!!!!!!,  West End Johnnies, Country Music Night @ West End Johnnies, Top Shelf Nights for NYE! WOO HOO!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Sarah French of WHDH-TV 7NEWS makes Arancini with Chef Juan http://conta.cc/Us3iMm, Here's the clip from 7NEWS - WHDH with Sarah French and Chef Juan. You're gonna want run over right away and get some Arancini!, Watch 7NEWS - WHDH Channel 7 Tonight and tomorrow. "The Dish" with Sarah French at West End Johnnies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Boston's HOTTEST Thursday nights!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Last nights pic from Top Shelf Nights! Great night and thank you to everyone who came out in the rain!, null, TONIGHT!!!!! Hosted by The Reachers!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Great pics of Friday night with Top Shelf Nights!
Tag yourself and send to you friends. Yip Yip yahoooooooooooooo!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Industry Night at Johnnies.Every Tuesday night.. It's about time!, Top Shelf Nights....Tonight at West End Johnnies!, The The Reachers, THURSDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, null, Sunday at West End Johnnies. 7PM. Krista Angelucci CD Realease party.
Can't wait!, null, null, Tonight at West End Johnnies! Deej Tommy Dee!, Save the date. Samuel Adams beer dinner, August 18th., August 18th at West End Johnnies!, Tag yourself, cause ya look sooooooooooooo good...A TOP SHELF ENTERTAINMENT! at West End Johnnies!, Tag yourself, cause ya look sooooooooooooo good...A TOP SHELF ENTERTAINMENT! at West End Johnnies!, Tag yourself, cause ya look sooooooooooooo good...A TOP SHELF ENTERTAINMENT! at West End Johnnies!, Mark your calenders........August 18th.
It's going to be the event of the summer!, Check out our new and improved web-site., Mark your calenders. This will be a GREAT event!, See you tonight!
, When it rains, we pour.  Come and check out a great band on a stormy day., Tonight. Hip Pocket Orchestra. Dinner and a show..., Friday at West End Johnnies, Boston Brothers Promotions has a great night planned!, Check out our new and improved web-site., Here's a little preview, Hip Pocket Orchestra;), Hip Pocket Orchestra and Rich DiMare, at West End Johnnies, this Wednesday evening. Dinner and a show...Always a great time at Johnnie's;), Great night for $1 oysters and a Double Cross Vodka cocktail. I'll see you at 5:00!, Happy 4th. Have fun. Be safe., Head down to Johnnies tomorrow for dollar oysters and Double Cross Vodka.... you'd be crazy not to! Starting at 5PM.., They're Back! Dollar Oysters & Double Cross Vodka only at Johnnie's http://conta.cc/MXLov0, Dollar Blue Point Oysters & Double Cross Vodka drinks.
Come on.....life's good., West End Johnnies fans and patrons go to WhereToWatch's site and tell them where you love to watch Sports!, Friday! TOP SHELF ENTERTAINMENT!, null, null, Country Music Night @ West End Johnnies!, null, Unfortunately the Hip Pocket Orchestra was cancelled tonight due to the Bruins playing in town. We're open and at 10PM come hear the sounds of Rich People Food..
GO BRUINS!!!!!!!, Next week........, null, On Thursday Johnnies will be opening at 4PM as the Syracuse headquarters for Boston as the NCAA tournament goes on at the Garden.  Orange Men supporters, fans, alumni, etc. are all welcome, but please note this is going to be on a first come, first serve basis until we are at capacity., Hip Pocket Orchestra & Soul Of Boston - This Week http://conta.cc/xPdd0I, It's not breakfast, it's not brunch, it's Reggae brunch.
Hear what Billy Costa & Jenny Johnson from TV Diner are saying about West End Johnnies!, West End Wednesdays' with Hip Pocket Orchestra  http://conta.cc/A92esO, West End Johnnies LOVES the new Facebook pages... 'like' us, we like you!, null, Hear what Billy Costa & Jenny Johnson are say about West End Johnnies..., Mare your calenders...Hip Pocket Orchestra. Wednesday March 14th. , GREAT!, Check this out!, Hear what Billy Costa from TV Diner is saying about West End Johnnies!, CHECK THIS OUT, Billy Costa's TV Diner on NECN. Join us tomorrow morning for Reggae Brunch., This Morning Billy Costa will be talking with Johnnie about our amazing Reggae Brunch on NECN. Tune in at 10AM today. It's not breakfast. It's not lunch. It's Reggae brunch. , Make sure you check out Billy Costa this Saturday at 10AM. He's talkin' to Johnnie and lovin' West End Johnnies!, Great pics! TAG yourself so we know who you are., Join us today for a mellow morning/afternoon. It's not Breakfast. It's not Lunch. It's REGGAE BRUNCH. I'm starring with a banana crepe, then moving on to a plate of steak and eggs with a Bloody Mary, West End Johnnies, in style! Sooooooooooooo hungry., This Saturday the 7th Johnnie's will be featuring live music by Parker House and Theory!  They will be starting at 10pm, please arrive early as the line gets crazy at Johnnie's on Saturdays., null, Happy New Year!, Tell us your New Years resolutions ♥., Listen to the man! Deej Tommy Dee!, No excuses, guys. Don't drink and drive-and don't ride with anybody who does.Tipsy Tow offered by AAA: You don't have to be a AAA member, from 6pm-6am on New Year's Eve/Day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE. Save this number... 1-800-222-4357. Be Safe and have a HAPPY NEW NEW! http://ow.ly/i/oxq1, TONIGHT!, NYE Party Starts at 9pm ends 2012!, Have a safe and Merry Christmas from all of us at Johnnies! http://ow.ly/i/o6XC, Boston Bruins!, Going on RIGHT now... Meet Jackie MacMullan! Hurry, before she leaves....., TONIGHT! meet the Champ. Book signing starts at 5pm. Great gift for the holidays.http://ow.ly/i/njOe, Ring in the New Year at Johnnies with us!, null, Tomorrow night, meet the champ, Tony DeMarco Monday between 5-7 at West end Johnnies. He'll be signing his book, Going on right now at West End Johnnies. Best and only Reggae brunch in town!, You were amazing last night! Make sure you come back soon Colin Kane!, TONIGHT! one more show at Johnnies.......this guy is hysterical!, TONIGHT! COLIN KANE!, Tonight is the night........., Haven't made New Years Eve plans yet? Let's put a little bug in your ear.... Our celebration at West End Johnnies will be the best party in town., MEET the CHAMP! TKO Tony DeMarco December 19th at West End Johnnies. 5-7pm, Shaq Uncut with Jackie MacMullan at West End Johnnies http://conta.cc/tWTJK1, Tonight.Hip Pocket Orchestra.A veteran 10-piece show band from the Boston.  Covers songs by artists ranging from Sinatra to Michael Jackson once a month, including Wednesday, December 14th from 7 to 10 p.m. http://ow.ly/i/k0HW, Join our mailing list......We promise not to annoy you with any boring e-mails.
All the best, 
West End Johnnies...., Check out our new 'join my list' on the left banner of our fan page. We promise not to inundate you with boring e-mails. Be the first to know about great music nights, awesome comedy shows and dinner specials. West End Johnnies, Great Food. Great drinks. Great People., Tomorrow night, Hip Pocket Orchestra at West End Johnnies!, Meet ESPN's Jackie MacMullan on Dec.21 from 5-7., TKO Tony DeMarco!, this is AWESOME!, with Rich DiMare!, One week from tonight, West End Johnnies present Hip Pocket Orchestra with Rich DiMare. Show starts at 7pm., Only a week away! Plan to be here, You won't regret!, null, Tony is coming to West End Johnnies!, TKO Tony DeMarco totally psyched to see you on December 19th at West End Johnnies Meet the Champ!, Thursday, December 8
8:30 pm 
Jingle Jam with Jeremy
Get your dancing shoes on, your jingle bells out, and join us for another funfabulous, and festive evening of entertainment by Jeremy Sarzana, Bobby from Polcari's, Alba from Alba's, Brian, Morgan, Courtney and Emily from NEMPAC, Mark from the Connah Store, John Gray, Sandro from Crosstown - and more!!!! 
Please join us for this change-your-plans, babysitter-worthy evening!, Colin Kane at West End Johnnies. December 16th & 17th...What a weekend to look forward to!, Reminder tonight. Come in early for dinner..... http://ow.ly/i/maFm, The Minnesota Swarm have been involved in one of the busiest off seasons in the National Lacrosse League. A big move was drafting Mitch Belisle in the Boston Blazers dispersal draft. See what Mitch says he'll miss Johnnies. And we'll miss him! , come on down for a before snack or dinner before Monster Jam tonight.... join us at West End Johnnies afterwards for a cocktail!, We're getting so psyched for tomorrows show with the The Peacheaters!, Thursday!, Book your holiday party!, It's not too late..book your party at Johnnies! http://ow.ly/i/maG2, Mark your calenders, 6 days away The Peacheaters at West End Johnnies!, This is very cool!, plan your Sunday brunch at West End Johnnies! It's not breakfast, it's not lunch, it's Reggae brunch! It's awesome if we do say so ourselves....., It's time to book your holiday party at Johnnies. Corporate Gatherings,Holiday Parties, Client Outings, Industry Parties, Office Parties, After-Parties, Birthday Parties, Cocktail Parties, Family Gatherings.
Private & Semi Private Dining. 
Customized Menus.
www.westendjohnnies.com, Celtics [team stats] play-callers Tommy Heinsohn and Mike Gorman and ESPN’s Jackie MacMullan chatting about the Larry Bird-Magic Johnson era with Tony Ponturo and Fran Kirmser, the producers of the “Magic/Bird” show that’s headed to Broadway at West End Johnnies., Tonight.Hip Pocket Orchestra.A veteran 10-piece show band from the Boston.  Covers songs by artists ranging from Sinatra to Michael Jackson once a month, including Wednesday, Nov. 9, from 7 to 10 p.m., null, Book your holiday party today... It's not too late., null, Hip Pocket Orchestra. A veteran 10-piece show band from the Boston, covers songs by artists ranging from Sinatra to Michael Jackson. Dinner & a show.
Next show, Wednesday, Nov. 9, from 7 to 10 p.m., Follow us on Twitter @johnnieswestend, Come one, Come all. The best Halloween scene in town., Tonight!, null, we just joined Twitter! be the first to 'follow' us @johnnieswestend., null, null, null, What does Billy Costa say about West End Johnnies? http://conta.cc/ofjacr, It's not breakfast. It's not lunch. It's Reggae brunch!
Every Sunday 11-4., Billy Costa says, "Johnnies is not a sports bar and it's not pub grub, you've got legitimate food here!", Friday & Saturday only... Laugh your socks off!, Johnnie's will be closed this week for some minor renovations in order to prepare for the upcoming season.  We will we reopening September 7th and look forward to seeing you there., Starting June 15th we will be featuring $1 Happy Hour Oysters from 5-7pm every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday!  Stop in after work for a delicious taste of New England., Please join the Pan Mass Challenge team Miles for Mary on Saturday May 7th for our annual Kentuck Derby Party here at Johnnie's from noon to 6pm. We will have, food, themed drinks, great prizes for best men's and women's attire, best silly hat, and of course, winning horses. We are asking for donations for this year's team. Come out and support a great cause and have a blast doing it!!, The Grand Opening Of The All New Renaissance Thursday at West End Johnnies Located at 138 Portland St in Boston MA. We Have Joy Daniels and The Fresh Kids In The House Tomorrow Night As Well As Amandi's CD Release Party and Other Artists Performing. Stay Tuned For New Artists Every Thursday. Night Kicks Off At 8:00pm and Closes @ 2AM. Be There It Will Be A Great Night. Cover $10.00 21+, GRAND OPENING SEPTEMBER 30THA weekly LIVE MUSIC series featuring Boston's top vocalists. Each week will be a different theme as we bring you the best in live music.Hosted by Joy Daniels & The Fresh KidsJoin us as we celebrate the release of Amandi Music's 2300 (The Prelude)Amandi Music (I Really Love Ya, Sippiin On You)also performingApril StanfordElevation TheoryCity SlickersDoors at 8pmAdmission $1021+, Johnnie's is one of the latest and greatest additions to the Boston Restaurant & Nightlife Scene. In an attempt to bring to life Boston's Old West End, Johnnie's creates a unique atmposphere that blends the glamour of old Hollywood with the fun & excitment of Bostons signature sports & music scene. Enjoy our newly renovated "West End Lounge." With live music, DJ's, and other events going on, you wont be disappointed!, Tonight Come Check Out Showtime Fridays @ WEST END JOHNNIES One Of The Hottest Fridays Around. We Have DJ OBIE opening the night off followed by DJ COSTA GONNA BE A CRAZY NIGHT. PARTY Kicks Off @ 9:30PM., Tonight Come Check Out Showtime Fridays One Of The Hottest Fridays Around. Night Kicks Off @ 10:00PM., Check Out The Line Up For Entertainment At Johnnies, Starting Fall 2010 Throwback Thursdays More Info To Come, Every Friday Come Check Out Showtime Fridays One Of The Hottest Fridays Around Night Kicks Off @ 9PM, Saturdays We Have The Greatest Spot For Country Music Night Kicks Off @ 9PM and Sundays We Have Our Famous Reggae Brunch With A Live Reggae Band From 11AM - 4:00PM, Check Out Our Menus Below, Featuring Brunch, Dinner, Event, Drink and Wine Menus)