List(Tonight's Entree Special: Beagle Surf and Turf - Steamed Maine lobster tail with a petite ribeye served with sauteed corn and roasted new potatoes. Come Chris, Luke and Oronde for Friday night drinks and dinner, We've been focusing on the Beagle Instagram so much we've neglected our FB friends!!

Some new specials, a summer menu and as always new daily cocktail specials coming your way soon.

If you haven't been to see us recently, come try our spring menu while you still can!

Chris Hart, Panna Cotta with house made chocolate whipped cream and strawberries, Cajun style Blackened Catfish with Southwestern rice and sauteed okra, Grilled Swordfish with black pepper polenta and broccoli, Tonight's Cocktail Special: Hazy Shade of Winter-Tanqueray, Belle de Brillet liqueur, Velvet Falernum, fresh lemon juice and orange blossom water. Come visit Luke and Pacy to escape your winter doldrums!, Tonight's Entree Special: Pan Seared Sea Bass with Mediterranean Tapenade and black pepper polenta, Tonight's Entree Special: Beagle Saltimboca. Juicy chicken breast with Serrano ham,  fontina cheese and baby spinach served with melanzane alla parmigana and asparagus, Oronde and Luke are serving them up on a winter Sunday. Come try a "Brown Bear". Monkey Shoulder scotch, yellow Chartreuse, Punt E Mes and chocolate bitters. Come to the Beagle and see Chris and your favorite servers, Tonight's Beagle Cocktail: "The Poison Apple" - Tanqueray gin, Becherovka, Berentzen Apple liqueur and fresh lemon. Stop in and see Luke, Chris and Oronde for an end of weekend drink, Thanks BostInno!, Friday's Entree Special: grilled eye round with Parmesan  polenta, butter braised spinach and a red wine - peppercorn demiglace, VOTE VOTE VOTE... polls close at 1pm! GOOOO chef Stacy Cogswell!, Vote Vote Vote for Stacy Cogswell... polls close tomorrow at 1pm!!!, Have you voted for our very own Chef Stacy Cogswell?!?!? DO IT NOW..., Come try Luke and Chris' "Witches Brew" made with Tito's vodka, Aperol, blood orange puree and fresh citrus. Pacy and Luke are stirring the cauldron as we speak. No additional charge for the "Eye of Newt"., null, null, What do you think happens in tonights episode... check out Chef Stacy Cogswell do her thing at 10pm!, Chef Stacy Cogswell is feeling the HEAT!, Dessert Special: Poached pear and golden raisin cobbler served with vanilla ice cream, Tonight's Appetizer: PEI Mussels en Brody steamed with cherry tomatoes and shallots with arugula pesto and croutons, Did you tune in to Episode 1 of Top Chef... get the details from our very own Chef Stacy Cogswell!, Join us in cheering on our own Chef Stacy as she competes for the title of "Top Chef" starting tonight at 10!, Check out Chef Stacy Cogswell make her big debut this Wednesday on Top Chef! , Friday Night Special: Seared Arctic Char marinated in lemon chili served with braised spinach and cannellini beans, Hear what Chef Stacy Cogswell has to say this morning on 103.3 AMP RADIO! http://1033ampradio.cbslocal.com/2014/10/10/lorens-badass-chick-stacy-cogswell/, Tonight's Special:"Rye So Serious" - Michter' rye, Carpano Bianco, Aperol, Luxardo Marachino liqueur Angostura bitters, Check out our very own Chef Stacy Cogswell!!! Thanks BostInno!, Thanks for coming by Money Magazine! , Chef Stacy appears in the upcoming issue of Boston magazine! Make sure you make it to the newsstand or better yet come see her in person!, Tonight's Cocktail: "Frustrated Saints". St. George Dry Rye gin, St. Germain, Bitterman's Commonwealth liqueur and fresh lime for a September Sunday, Congratulations Chef!!!, Are you going to tune in and watch our Chef on the upcoming season of Top Chef ..., In celebration of National Rum Day, the Beagle presents "Vieques Dreams". Vanilla and Amarene cherry infused rum, Petal and Thorn vermouth, Aphrodite bitters and fresh citrus for an endless summer celebration. Come visit Luke Hayden and Chris Hart for a beverage or two, The Beagle pays tribute to Shark Week with the "Hammerhead". Small's Gin, Creme de Voillette, white wine and fresh lemon juice with cherry juice for a bloody garnish., Luke showcasing tonight's signature drink the "Bleeding Hart" in homage to Chris' startending appearance. Reposado tequila,  Averna liqueur, Dow's port, fresh citrus and muddled raspberries.

"False face must hide what false heart doth know" -Shakespeare, From the Sea: Seared Arctic Char and Count Neck clams in a garlic butter sauce served over farro, Grilled flank steak with a thyme butter sauce over roasted potatoes and braised kale is one of our Saturday night specials, Luke and Chris keep the special volume turned to 11. The Beagle 's "Shadows & Dust" will turn some heads. South, Boston Irish Whiskey, Carpano Antica, Cherry Heering and fresh orange juice.

"What we do in life...echoes in eternity", "The Celtic Cooler" will brighten up your day. Drambuie, Fruit Lab Jasmine liqueur, honey simple syrup and fresh lemon juice creates our nightly Beagle special, Tonight's drink- "The Phony Negroni"-Small's dry gin, Aperol and Lillet Blanc for a taste of August., To Start: Seared Halibut Cheeks with roasted cauliflower and watermelon radish fumet, Tonight's Entree Special: Slow Roasted Veal Loin served over green beans and wax beans drizzled with an anchovy vinaigrette, We have amazing specials tonight! Peaches and Cream Salad; Lobster and Chorizo Bisque; Duck Breast with Farro, Swiss Chard and Sour Cherry Sauce; and Peach-Raspberry Crumble. Come on in!, Stephen's "Last Ride" tonight at the Beagle. Maker's Mark, St. Germain, fresh lemon with a spalsh of Angosturra Bitters makes a great Saturday night drink!, Thanks for chatting Boston Magazine! , The Regal Beagle is excited to announce our new summer menu! Chef Stacey has again out done herself in combining traditional New England fare with new style American cuisine. All the local bounties that summer can offer and more. Come join us and see for yourself, Luke and I have struck the Beagle again. Come try a "Blind Melon". Milagro tequila, house made watermelon/red jalapeño puree and fresh citrus garnished with a watermelon ball "ice" cube., Who wants lobster!? Come try our delicious Gingered-Lobster with sweet and sour eggplant, carrot salad and harissa., "Let Freedom Ring" Hendricks gin, Aperol, St. Germaine muddled with blackberries and apricot, BBQ pork chop with jalapeño cornbread, braised collard greens and pickled watermelon, In the spirit of Roger Water's we give you "Dark Side of the Monk". Old Monk dark rum; Cointreau, fresh lime juice muddled with kiwi and strawberry, Local heirloom tomatoes with fresh basil, mozzarella cheese and sliced prosciutto drizzled with balsamic reduction, Tonight's entree special is grilled flat steak with braised kale and polenta cake, Come see Chef Alex and Chris Hart turn up the heat at the "Chefs In Shorts" event at the Seaport Hotel tonight. All proceeds go to the Greater Boston Food Bank. Hope to see you there!, A very original Beagle creation-"Moonshine on My Shoulders" a crafty beverage with Onyx Moonshine, Velvet Fulernum, Peach Bitters and, fresh tropical juices. A jalapeño wheel completes this cocktail!, Luke's "Hart of Darkness" (2 counts of unwarranted self promotion) is our special. Rye, Fernet, House Spirits and an assortment of bitters comprises this unique cocktail, Steak tartare with egg yolk and garlic spears for our appetizer special this evening, East Coast Halibut served with Parisian gnocchi and summer vegetables for an early dinner?, Scallop Ceviche with orange Thai chili gelee is our Tuesday night special!, Razor clams served over Southwestern succotash- a perfect match for Luke's "Inquisition", One of tonights specials- PEI Mussels sauteed in white wine and herbed butter, A Beagle twisted on a classic cocktail. "The Punch Buggy" is the Sidecar of 2014, Seared Arctic Char with toasted cous cous is our Friday night special. Come in and stay out of the rain with us, Whis it called "The Devil's Backdoor"? Youll have to come in and ask to find out., "Your wit's too hot, it speeds too fast 'twill tire" -Shakespeare

Luke's "LOVE'S LABOR LOST"

Old Monk Rum
Chambord Liqueur
Fresh lime and simple syrup
Aphrodite bitters, House-made Shrimp Scampi for our guests that enjoy garlic and fresh pasta, Try The Beagle's fresh scallop ceviche. Our Thursday night special, Stay "local" with local flank steak served with rustic mashed, braised chard and Eiswein Gelle, Put some heat in your day with our Shrimp Fra Diavlo served over house-made chili and scallion tagliatelle, From the Sea: Maryland Soft Shell Crab with herbed Cous Cous, Heirloom Tomatoes and Watercress vinegrette, Deep fried soft shell crab with red pepper feta ailoi, pea tendril and radish salad, Rabbit Fritter served with housemade Southwestern salsa, Razor Clams with garlic butter, Prosciutto and fresh parsley, Grilled spring chicken with haricot verts, grilled radicchio, ramp mashed potatoes, Come try this beautiful chicken liver and and pork pate served with pickled apple and crostini, Grilled Skirt Steak with roasted mushrooms, grilled radicchio and watercress purée, Tagliatelle pasta with morel mushrooms, fontina fonduta and ramps, Pork 3 ways! Kurobuta pork with grilled boneless loin, bacon fat confit cheeks and butter poached tenderloin, Come in tonight and check out our new Spring Menu and a whole new list of wines as well!, Come in and celebrate Spring with these beautiful new menu items. Hangar steak, green garlic risotto, crab cakes and veal milanese, We have all sorts of great specials celebrating this beautiful spring day! Come in for a glass of Spanish Rose and try our Appetizer special tonight: Grilled Quail with fig vinaigrette, miners lettuce and sauteed ramps., We have some great specials tonight to celebrate this beautiful spring day! Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes and Chicken liver Mousse to name a few!, What better way to start off your meal than to try some of these delicious crab cakes with fresh lump crab meat and a tomato emulsion, Come in and try our new spring menu item!! Hangar steak with grilled spring onions, roasted parsnips and green garlic butter, Spring has Sprung! Come in a try tonight's delicious special! Pan seared rack of lamb with rosemary & panko crust over artichokes, Swiss chard & fingerling potatoes., Movie Monday Tonight! Come in and watch Stripes! Drink special is called: "It's NOT like we're going into Wisconsin"!, Spring has sprung!!! Come in and try this delicious buttermilk panna cotta with Riesling poached rhubarb and strawberry purée, Beef tartare with onion jam, dried shiitake topped with a quail egg, Happy Saint Patrick's Day everyone! Come in tonight for a pint of Guinness and enjoy it with our hearty Guinness Beef Stew!, Come try these delicious lamb loin chops, sweet and sour eggplant with figs, shaved fennel salad...yum!!, MOVIE MONDAY TONIGHT!

Tonight: Snatch! Come in and join us for fun, friends, drinks and Snatch! Tonight's drink special: "Bullet Tooth" and popcorn!, Beautiful Day out! Come in for The Pork Porterhouse Special it's delicious!, Bringing back and oldie but a goody. Our amazing bartenders will be serving up the "Petit Flower" tonight to celebrate such a beautiful day. Come by and and see what your missing!!!, You can't be doing anything more important than being at the beagle enjoying our grilled pork porterhouse with cippolini onions and sautéed mustard greens, Come in and try this bright and fantastic new dessert special. Blood orange cake with a Campari and blood orange syrup with vanilla ice cream!!!, Fresh baked hake cakes with a dill garlic cream. Come warm up and get out of the snow!!!, Tonight's special: grilled Pork Chop with sweet potato mash, roasted apples and grilled onions, The Oscars are on! Oscar Viewing Party drinking game: Every time you hear; "Academy", "God", "Film" Take a sip!, Tonight's special: Herb marinated Lamb Sirloin with braised chick peas, roasted fennel and black olive vinaigrette, Pan seared blue fish with a preserved lemon aioli, fingerling potatoes and roasted cauliflower, Grant and Megan are on the bar tonight mixing up some delicious drinks! Come by and say hi!, Come in and enjoy one of our Tasty specials Tonight! Beef Cheek pappardelle is delicious! We'll have the Olympics on for it's final night!, Heritage farm pork chop with cider and bacon braised collard greens, spicy yam croquettes, sweet and sour mango, Fresh Carolina  jalapeño shrimp and grits. Come and get it!!!!!, Rustic banana tartin with salted caramel. You need to try this!!!, Tonight's beautiful dinner special!! Red snapper with fried yucca, avocado lime purée and pepperonata, Sunday Funday! Come in for drinks, some delicious snacks, and a bunch of fun!, Offering these delicious classic French inspired specials all weekend long. Don't be scared of the snow!!! You won't want to miss these!, After all that hard work and preparation, here are chef Stacy's bleeding hearts ravioli, null, Chef stacy preparing her "bleeding hearts" ravioli for valentines day, Mustard encrusted baby blue fish with sautéed escarole and cauliflower purée, House made tagliatelle pasta with braised pork and lily ragu sauce, This Monday! Back by popular demand! MOVIE MONDAYS! Starting next Monday February 17th come in for drinks, fun and your favorite flicks! Let us know what you want to watch next! 

This Monday! Clueless!, Some really tasty specials tonight! Definitely try The roasted Monkfish! It's coming over creamy leeks with clams, bacon and sweet potatoes. So tasty. The Olympics will be on again tonight, drop by for a beer and watch the games with us!, Check it out! Orange braised baby octopus with artichoke barigoule & black olive vinaigrette, We are so excited about our specials tonight! Veal Paillard with soupa de ajo & sautéed escarole., Pomegranate roasted quail with chestnut purée, olive oil roasted grapes, Whole striped bass with red lentils, preserved lemon, oven dried tomatoes, Coming to a neighborhood near you!! That's right, movie Mondays are coming back, stay tuned for more info and ways to request your favorite film to be seen at the beagle, Tonight is a great night to come in and try our Swordfish Puttanesca served over cannellini beans and broccoli rabe., Come in and try our new Polpettini en Brodo delicious hearty soup. Perfect for a cold night like tonight!, Here are some of our delicious new menu items that will warm your soul in these cold winter months, New to our winter menu! Lobster tail wrapped in leek with tempura fried claws, sweet potato, grapefruit beurre blanc and shishito peppers!, A delicious new addition to our winter menu. House made duck sausage with a fontina polenta cake., We are open for the storm, come join us with a hot toddie and our new winter menu, Come start out you meal with these beautiful Lobster Gougeres and bearnaise aioli, Tonight's lobster special:!leek wrapped lobster seared and roasted with sweet potatoes asparagus and grapefruit buerre blanc. You'll love it!, Who wants Lobster Risotto? Tonight we're doing it with Butternut Squash, Sage and Orange. YUM!  Wash it down with a "Hazy Shade of Winter" - Gin, Belle de Brillet, Velvet Falernum, lemon and Regan's Bitters!, Marinated Grilled pork tenderloin with coconut rice, orange segments, shizo and roasted poblano, Check out tonight's delicious special! Pork Shank braised in winter beer with spinach malfetti great for chilly night., Come enjoy our beautiful fish special this evening: Spanish mackerel with chorizo creamed corn and fried yucca, Come warm up at The Beagle! Enjoy our appetizer special- Sautéed Mussels with creamy fennel, leeks and absinthe, Come in and warm up! We have a delicious celery root soup tonight topped with Seared Bay Scallops and micro greens!, Come on in to the Beagle tonight, we are OPEN ALL NIGHT!

If your looking for a cozy place to enjoy the storm come in and hunker down with us tonight. Will be open for dinner, drinks and a great time!, Come ring in 2014 with your favorite neighborhood join. Champagne toast at midnight! If you haven't made dinner plans yet call now! Reservations are selling out, There are only a few spots left for our late seating tomorrow for our New Years Eve Celebration! We still have tables available for our early seating between 5:30 - 6:30! Treat yourself to a great dinner it's a great deal! We're also offering a wine pairing with dinner! Check out our AMAZING entrees below!

~Marinated ribeye, marrow custard, shallot confit

~Glazed pork belly, Nantucket scallops, green apple, braised red cabbage

~Butter roasted Lobster, corn nage, sweet potato biscuit, black trumpet mushrooms

~Duck two ways- confit marmalade, pomegranate roasted breast, salsify, Brussels leaves

~Slow cooked Halibut, red lentils, Parsley-Lemon emulsion, glazed baby carrots

~Winter vegetable pot au feu with Parisian gnocchi, Do you follow us on twitter? 
@BeagleDramshop, Have you made New Year's plans yet? Chef Stacy has created an amazing menu to help you ring in 2014! We have limited seating available so call today! 617 739 5151 

A few hints at what we'll be serving for the evening:
~  Island Creek Oysters with Champagne Caviar & Chive Oil
~ Marbled Foie Torchon with Date Marmalade and Cinnamon Brioche
~ Marinate Ribeye with Marrow Custard & Shallot Confit
~ Butter Roaster Lobster with Corn Nage & Black Trumpet Mushroom, https://www.facebook.com/events/1399343650311886/, Celebrate the holiday season with our NOT YOUR AVERAGE SANTA'S COOKIE PLATE! Chef Stacy's homemade chocolate chip, brown butter sea-salt, bacon spice and cocoa krispie treat with a cold glass of milk, Come in and check out Chef Stacy's special tonight! Grilled Ribeye with bone marrow custard, braised shallots topped with fresh horseradish. It's so delicious!, null, Come warm up at your favorite neighborhood joint with Chef Stacy's caramel hot cocoa with housemade dulce de leche marshmallows & frangelico, Have you made New Year's plans yet? We have prepared a beautiful evening of food and drink for the night! We have limited seating available so ask us for details while we still have space!

A few hints at what we'll be serving for the evening:

Island Creek Oysters with Champagne Caviar & Chive Oil

Marbled Foie Torchon with Date Marmalade and Cinnamon Brioche

Marinate Ribeye with Marrow Custard & Shallot Confit

Butter Roaster Lobster with Corn Nage & Black Trumpet Mushroom

Come in and celebrate a New Year with your friends and family!, We have 6 specials tonight! 

Try the Venison Bourguinon over homemade egg noodles. 

Ever had Razor Clams? Check them out below sauteed in butter & white wine

Finish off your meal with a mug of homemade hot cocoa w Dolce De Leche Marshmallows and Frangelico!, What's better on a cold Boston night then Fresh Tempura Lobsta'! Served over corn nage, chanterelle mushrooms, and a sweet potato biscuit.

Pair that up with Sixpoint's winter seasonal, Global Warmer, or our new Seasonal Smash with Whiskey and Fresh Apple!, Come warm up at your favorite neighborhood joint with our special soup tonight: White Bean Soup with North Country Ham Batons and Kale. Perfect for this snowy night!, Check out our very own..., Come in and get cozy ! Check out just one of tonight's specials! 

Grilled Hanger Steak with sherried pearl onions, wilted spinach, fingerling potato chips & tomato hollandaise.

Try it with a glass of the wine special a delicious Montepulciano D'Abruzzo, We have so many delicious specials tonight! Definitely try our Port and Cranberry Beef Cheek Raviolis with gorgonzola dolce foam, cranberry and cashew biscotti. Their so tasty!

For an Entree we recommend the Panama Red Snapper with French  lentils slow roasted radish and tomatoes, balsamic brown butter!, Lobster lovers! We have a delicious special tonight!  Lobster salad with mint aoili, red pepper, avocado & arugula on brioche toast., Have you made New Year's plans yet? We have prepared a beautiful evening of food and drink for the night! We have limited seating available so ask us for details while we still have space!

A few hints at what we'll be serving for the evening:

Island Creek Oysters with Champagne Caviar & Chive Oil

Marbled Foie Torchon with Date Marmalade and Cinnamon Brioche

Marinate Ribeye with Marrow Custard & Shallot Confit

Butter Roaster Lobster with Corn Nage & Black Trumpet Mushroom

Come in and celebrate a New Year with your friends and family!, Come visit your favorite neighborhood spot and support small business Saturday (free parking in Coolidge Corner) Tonight we have local, baby bluefish with south pacific “ratatouille” orange-coconut sauce!, Stacy whipped up 5 specials tonight! Come in and try the Butternut Squash Latkes or Wild Cockles with Garlic Roasted Gulf Shrimp!, Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving with their friends and family! Come in tonight for drinks and dinner!, Let your favorite neighborhood joint do the cooking tonight! 
Tonight's specials: 
~ Garlic Roasted Wild Gulf Shrimp panzanella salad 
~ Cockles and Chestnuts with ricotta gnocchi & sage foam, Our fish special tonight is outstanding! Arctic Char w/pomegranate, grapefruit, pistachio and basil over quinoa finished in Banyuls vinaigrette.  Finish off the night with Coconut Panna Cotta w/passion fruit caramel.  DELISH!, Perfect dinner for this chilly fall evening- Heritage Farm Pork Tenderloin Encrostada with sautéed arugula, braised fennel & pocini-sundried tomato jus, Have you made New Year's plans yet? We have prepared a beautiful evening of food and drink for the night! We have limited seating available so ask us for details while we still have space!

A few hints at what we'll be serving for the evening:

Island Creek Oysters with Champagne Caviar & Chive Oil

Marbled Foie Torchon with Date Marmalade and Cinnamon Brioche

Marinate Ribeye with Marrow Custard & Shallot Confit

Butter Roaster Lobster with Corn Nage & Black Trumpet Mushroom

Come in and celebrate a New Year with your friends and family!, There are 5 delicious specials tonight! Chef Stacy is on fire! 

Bay Scallops on the half shell, with hard cider braised pork belly and pickled apples and sea salt., We have some really awesome specials tonight! The drink special of the evening:

~ Twinkle Twinkle ~

Muddled Star fruit, Star Anise infused cognac, brown sugar simple syrup, lemon & grapefruit juice, Chef Stacy has out done herself again with tonight's special: Local rabbit three ways! Chestnut stuffed breast, Riesling braised leg & rabbit rillette., Tonight we recommend Chef Stacy's Bucatini Amantriciana for dinner with a glass of our wine special - Cantine Valpane, Barbara del Monferrato!, Lobster Lovers! Check out tonight's special! Poached Lobster with Wellfleet clams, chanterelles , buttery leeks, potato, corn cream sherry reduction. It is so... good., Just one of our amazing specials tonight! 

~ Crispy Monkfish Cheeks sautéed arugula, bacon, pumpkin butter and pickled mushrooms

And lots of new beers and cocktails to come in and try!, Tonight's dinner specials courtesy of Chef Stacy Cogswell - 

~ Parsley and Celery Root Agnolotti with fresh Nantucket Bay Scallops and Meyer Lemon 
~ PT Farms Sirloin Tri Tip with Bagna Cauda, Olive Oil Crushed Potatoes, Arugula and Parmesan Salad 
~ Crispy Skate Cheeks with Lobster Chowder and Watercress, Come in and enjoy our New Cocktails and Beers! That's right our new winter drinks are here. 

Some of our changes include a Seasonal Whiskey Smash, Walnut Daiquiri & The Liquid Courage Cocktail.

New beers are featuring local microbreweries like Backlash Brewery, Bantam Cider from Cambridge & Slumbrew Flagraiser IPA., Who's ready for dinner?!  Come enjoy our delicious specials! Start with Salmon Rillette or our shareable Duck Confit and Wild Mushroom Flatbread. For a main course try the Pan Roasted Hake w/celery root puree, apple-grapefruit salad and watercress cream!, Thanks for the love Thrillist -, We are rolling out our new cocktail menu this Thursday night! Be sure to swing by and sample our new creations. 
~ Sneak peak "The Lumberjack"  w/ Laird’s Apple Brandy, brown sugar simple syrup, fresh lemon, Angostura Bitters & a sparkling float, ~ Tonight's Drink Special ~

 Stars & Saints: Star anise and cinnamon infused cognac with homemade triple sec, St. Germain angostura bitters and lemon.

We also recommend our appetizer special: Smoked Salmon Rillette
with fried cornichons & mustard emulsion, ~ Tonight's Drink Special ~ Stars & Saints. Star anise and cinnamon infused cognac with homemade triple sec, St. Germain angostura bitters and lemon., ~ Just one of our amazing specials tonight! Soy Marinated Grilled Duck Breast with grilled fennel, seared grapefruit, sauteed arugula  with a habanero cherry vinaigrette., ~ Come in and try our cocktail special tonight! Our seasonal smash is made with Town Branch Kentucky Bourbon, Lemon, Mint, Strawberry & Blueberry Coulis 
~ We also recommend our appetizer special - Beef Tongue Fritter with tomato jam & white bean puree, Come on in, A neighborhood joint is a perfect place to come relax on a rainy Thursday evening! We have some great specials tonight including an amazing:

Maple Brined Heritage Farms Pork Chop. Complete with sweet potato and bacon hash and finished with a red wine reduction.

Ready for the winter? well Pretty Things is with their robust Babayaga Imperial Russian Stout! It comes in a bomber so come thirsty!, Tonight we have Buttermilk Poached Hake w/French lentils, escarole and parsley foam!  For something sweet try our delicious Turtle Brownie Sundae.  Wash it all down with an "Origin Story" - Bols Genever, Catdaddy Moonshine, honey and bitters!, On the menu tonight, Ground lamb, feta and kale stuffed red peppers with orzo and roasted cauliflower, Tonight's Appetizer Special: Housemade Blood Sausage with shaved fennel, mizuna & orange salad & brioche toast 

Just in - Pretty Things Babayaga!, We have four amazing specials tonight! Grilled octopus is pictured below! Thanks Chef Stacy!

Lobster and Corn Bisque comes with a claw and half a tail!

Chicken Liver Mousse with quince puree & crostinis

Grilled Octopus cranberry beans, soy caramel foam
 
Roasted Local Blue Fish macomber turnip gratin, sauteed escarole & meyer lemon curd., Come in and check out tonight's delicious specials! Back by popular demand, the Lobster Corn Bisque!

Lobster and Corn Bisque comes with a claw and half a tail!

Chicken Liver Mousse with quince puree & crostinis

Roasted Local Blue Fish macomber turnip sauteed escarole & meyer lemon custard.

Grilled Ribeye with duck fat potatoes,braised artichokes and bordelaise sauce, Roasted Arctic Char with braised endives, quinoa, roasted beets and  banyuls brown butter vinaigrette, Come in and watch the game with us tonight . 

Tonight's Special: Pumpkin Braised Pork Shanks ! Their delicious!

Go Sox!, Some amazing specials on the menu tonight!

Do you <3 Bone Marrow? Ya we do too... 

TONIGHT! 

Roasted Bone Marrow with a pickled shitake and celery salad served with crostini! 

Roasted Locally caught Bluefish with fingerling potatoes, braised artichokes, and a parsley and lemon puree.

Braised Pork Shanks with herbed malfatti and brussel petals with pancetta (picture Below), Come by The Beagle tonight and check out some of our amazing specials!

Roasted Bone Marrow with a pickled Shitake Mushroom and celery salad!

Roasted Bluefish With Fingerling potatoes, braised artichokes and a lemon & Parsley Puree (pictured), Lobster Corn Bisque with Madeira and Cream! Perfect for this chilly weather!, Come in to the Beagle tonight for some comfort food and Red Sox!

We're doing wonderful Candied Bacon Doughnuts in a caramelized onion jam for starters

And... 

A Grilled Heritage Farm Pork Chop For our Entree Special!

After a meal like that you can always finish things off with Chef Stacey's amazing Cheese Plate!, null, A glass of our Fall Sangria would be perfect right now! (Made with red wine, sweet vermouth, fall spices and fresh pears), Start your weekend with dinner and cocktails The Regal Beagle Brookline! We suggest Sage Roasted Pork Loin with sweet potato-ricotta gnocchi and sauteed black trumpet mushrooms. Perfect for a beautiful fall evening, Sweet, Savory, Rich and Wonderful... Come in and try Chef Stacy Cogswell's Duck Confit Donuts., The menu for our event this Monday! 

~ First Course - Autumnal Fritto Misto, mustard emulsion sauce
~ Second Course - Bibb Salad, Banyals brown butter vinaigrette, 
apples, sunchokes
~ Third Course - Burgundy Braised Short Ribs, parsnip puree, kabocha squash slaw
~ Fourth Course - “Manhattan” Pudding Markers Mark butterscotch pudding, amarena cherry whipped cream

This will sell out quick so get tickets now! http://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/388557utm_medium=bks 
( or at The Regal Beagle), Just Add Cheese thanks for coming by!!! , Thanks Boston Chefs! Did you get your tickets yet? Space is limited, make a reservation  today! 
http://www.bostonchefs.com/news/2013/10/8/storied-sips-dinner-drinks/, Dinner tonight: Crab & Pumpkin Ravioli with sage brown butter!, The menu for our event this Monday! 

~ First Course - Autumnal Fritto Misto, mustard emulsion sauce
~ Second Course - Bibb Salad, Banyals brown butter vinaigrette, 
apples, sunchokes
~ Third Course - Burgundy Braised Short Ribs, parsnip puree, kabocha squash slaw
~ Fourth Course - “Manhattan” Pudding Markers Mark butterscotch pudding, amarena cherry whipped cream

This will sell out quick so get tickets now! http://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/388557utm_medium=bks 
( or at The Regal Beagle), Did you buy your tickets yet? Don't wait!
On Monday October 14th, we're having an event with Brookline Booksmith for Erica Duecy's new book, STORIED SIPS: Evocative Cocktails for Everyday Escapes! The night will include a four-course
dinner curated by Chef Stacy Cogswell complete with cocktail pairings! 
~ Tickets for this event are $70 and include one copy of STORIED SIPS.
~Buy tickets here:  http://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/388557?utm_medium=bks             
( or at The Regal Beagle), null, Featuring a WALNUT DAIQUIRI tonight: Old Monk Indian Dark Rum, Walnut Dram, Walnut Bitters, Simple Syrup & Fresh Lime Juice, CHEF'S DESSERT SPECIAL FOR TONIGHT 
Handmade Ricotta Pie with a Shortbread Cookie Crust & Last-of -the-Season Berry Coulis, This week's CHEESE PLATE features a Lancashire cheese from Kirkham.  Cool fact about Lancashire cheeses: They are made from curds from multiple milking days which results in a naturally tangy, lemony cheese with the locally-famed 'buttery crumble'., ROASTED SALMON with rutabaga, lemon spaetzel & mustard emulsion, For all our veggie friends... STUFFED ACORN SQUASH with grains, roasted garlic, raisins & curry butter., null, NEW FALL MENU DISH
Monkfish Osso Buco with Brussels Sprouts, Pancetta & Farro Risotto, New Fall Menu starts tonight!
HOUSE MADE MOZZARELLA with pumpkin butter & pickled shallots, Did you see Chef @stacy cogswell on NECN this mroning... check it out!, Did you see that our sister restaurant is hosting a cognac dinner? It includes four delicious courses from Chef John and four amazing cocktails. Get tickets online at Guilt City Boston or call Church 617 236 7600   
Menu looks amazing!, Great night for dinner and a movie! Swing by The Regal Beagle Brookline for our Wild Boar Sirloin with Roasted Garlic Polenta, Chanterelles & Grilled Red Spring Onions - perfect before or after a movie at the Coolidge Corner Theatre!, Fall is right around the corner.  Come join us for last of the season tomatoes! 

Heirloom Tomato Salad |gorgonzola dolce, watermelon radish & meyer lemon poppy vinaigrette, It's Farmers Market Thursday The Regal Beagle Brookline! Chef Stacy's specials include: 
~ Heirloom Tomato Salad with gorgonazola dolce, watermelon radish and meyer lemon poppy vinaigrette 
~ Crispy Skinned Black Bass with Farro, Chantrelles & Nebrodini 
See you soon!, Chef Stacy made Manhattan Butterscotch Pudding with Makers Mark and Amarena Cherry Whipped Cream.... You should come try it!, Have you tried the Last Word?, Chef Stacy made Lamb Kefta as an appetizer tonight!  She's doing them in a cinnamon scented tomato sauce w/baked egg and crostini.  For a main course try the Grilled Heritage Farms Pork Tenderloin w/sweet potato gratin, hen of the woods mushrooms and sautéed dandelion greens.  Perfect weather for a little comfort food!, Phantom Gourmet has been taking pictures of several of Chef Stacy's new Fall menu items all afternoon! Get excited!! The menu is rolling out on September 24th!! Tonight we are featuring a possible Fall dessert: Cranberry-Bourbon Cheesecake!! Mmm-Mmm-Mmmmmm!, It's Monday, you know what that means! REGAL REEL TIME!  Tonight's movie is Robin Hood: Men In Tights.  Come watch at 10pm! Try one of Stacy's amazing dinner items washed down with Megan's cocktail special the "Abe Lincoln" - Overholt Rye, Aperol, rhubarb bitters and an absinthe rinse.  See you soon!, Check out our amazing Chef! http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/chef-swaps-7-kitchen-moves-in-boston#6, It's Saturday night at the Beagle, and Chef Stacy is serving a delicious Gorgonzola Dolce-Stuffed Pear Appetizer with Candied Pecans & Fig Vinaigrette, which will pair perfectly with Megan's "Figs in a Blanket": Gin, House-Made Fig Syrup, Jasmine Liqueur, Lemon & Rhubarb Bitters!! Come visit her and Luke behind the bar tonight for any of our fantastic libations, and some great entertainment!, It's Farmer's Market Friday!! Chef Stacy is featuring a gorgeous Terrine made with colorful Heirloom Tomatoes and Purple Basil, both from Kimball Farm in Pepperell, and also, Stacy's House-Made Mozzarella!! For a main course, she is featuring Lamb Osso Buco with Wild Mushroom Risotto!! Pacy and Megan are behind the bar tonight, so come in for a visit and try Megan's special: Dark Rum, Pineapple, Lemon, Honey, Cava & Angostura Bitters! Delicious!, Come into the Beagle for some fresh and gorgeously-plated fish dishes! Chef Stacy is featuring Hamachi Sashimi with Miso-Peanut Vinaigrette, Green Apple & Freshly Grated Horseradish! For a main course, try the Slow-Cooked Cod with Braised Artichokes & Meyer Lemon-Beet Purée! Grant and Vargas are behind the bar tonight, so stop by for a visit and try Vargas's "Con Amor" with Vodka, Artichoke Amaro, Lemon, Sugar & Muddled Basil - vibrant and herbacious!, Happy Hump Day! Grant and Pacy are behind the bar, featuring the "Port Authority" with Bourbon, Port, Yellow Chartreuse, Matilde XO Orange Liqueur & Creole Bitters! This cocktail will pair perfectly with Chef Stacy's Grilled Prime Ribeye with Rosemary-Garlic Ricotta Malfatti, Arugula & Port Sauce!! You don't want to miss it!, Avoid restaurant week and come by The Regal Beagle Brookline!!! , Come try Stacy's fish special tonight! Saffron Poached Halibut w/vegetables a la grecque and a spinach-parsley emulsion. Pair it with our South African white blend "The Curator." Delicious. Later this evening we will be showing Naked Gun, come watch the movie and grab a cocktail! Show's at 10pm., It's National Rum Day AND Farmer's Market Friday!!! Grant & Pacy are behind the bar featuring a Painkillah with Rum, Cream of Coconut, Orange, Pineapple & Grated Nutmeg! Chef Stacy is featuring tri-colored beets, cantaloupe, Napa cabbage and Peruvian Purple potatoes from local farms, including Stillman Farm and Dick's Farm, both in Lunenburg, MA! Check out our website www.thebeaglebrookline.com for a description of each of tonight's specials, and follow us on Twitter @BeagleDramshop for gorgeous photos of the food!!, It's Thursday, who wants dinner? Chef Stacy has a beautiful Slow Cooked East Coast Halibut served with bacon-bourbon braised collard greens and Peruvian purple potato chips! Thirsty Thursday's Cocktail is the "Gin-y Weasly" a clever and refreshing mix of Gin, ginger liqueur, Aperol and lemon. Come get it!!!, Happy Wednesday! Come into the Beagle for Chef Stacy's featured starter: Prosciutto di Parma, Honey Roasted Figs, Grilled Trevisano & Pecorino Toscano! Then try her featured main course: Braised Beef Short Rib with Curried Carrot Purée & Roasted Parsnips! Grant  & Pacy are on the bar so stop by for one of our fabulous cocktails or one of their own creations!, It's Saturday night!! Come in and cool off with our House-Infused Raspberry Vodka Collins! Chef Stacy is cooking up gorgeous Prosciutto-Wrapped Monkfish with Chilled Yellow Tomato "Gazpacho", Tempura Sea Beans, Fairytale Eggplant & Purple Basil!! For dessert Mirna baked White Chocolate Chip & Date Cookies for the Ice Cream Sandwich with Espresso Ice Cream & White Chocolate Sauce! Follow us on Twitter @BeagleDramshop for pictures, and check out our website for the list of all the daily specials - www.thebeaglebrookline.com!, Oh what's that chef Stacy? You have Lamb Ribs?!? YES! The ribs tonight are coming with Anson Mills Grits, Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Pomegranate Molasses.  Start with some Wellfleet Countneck Clams and Spaghetti Squash in a Tomato Conasse! Wash it all down with our featured cocktail the "Hammerhead" - Bulldog Gin, Pinot Grigio, Lemon and Creme de Violette., The Beagle has TRUFFLES tonight!! Chef Stacy is serving a Fresh Italian Summer Black Truffle Risotto with Fried Sage & Pecorino Toscano! Pair that with a glass of the Alois Lageder 2011 Pinot Blanc! For your main course go for Stacy's Prime 14oz Grilled Ribeye with Roasted Lobster Mushrooms, Fried Leeks & Port-Shallot Sauce!, Guess what? It's MOVIE NIGHT!  Come watch Airplane at 10pm!  Sip on our cocktail special: "Don't call me Shirley" with Scotch, Luxardo Maraschino, lemon, honey and bitters.  Chef Stacy is whipping up a sweet and savory popcorn for the movie.  If you want some dinner beforehand she's doing a beautiful Swordfish with lacinato kale, forbidden rice and chimmichurri!, It's Farmer's Market Friday!!! Chef Stacy is featuring fresh, local produce from Dick's Farm, Hmong Farm and Hillman Farm in all of her specials tonight; including Rainbow Chard, Patty Pan Squash, Perslane, Plums, Peaches and Pablanos! Check out our website www.thebeaglebrookline.com for all the specials each day and follow us on Twitter @BeagleDramshop for photos!!, It's the Coolidge Corner Sidewalk Sale all day today. Stop into the Beagle this evening for a Handy Shandy: Cranberry Vodka, lemon, rhubarb bitters and Avery White Rascal!! Try Chef Stacy's PEI Mussels steamed in Romesco with Escarole & topped with Crispy Potato Strings!! Finish the night with Mirna's Cookie Sandwich - she baked Chocolate Chip Cookies with Pecans, Golden Raisins & Coconut, sandwiched around Guava Ice Cream and finished with Coconut-White Chocolate Sauce!!, It's Farmer's Market Friday at the Beagle!! Chef Stacy goes to the Brookline Farmer's Market every Thursday afternoon to buy fresh local produce for Friday's additions to the menu. This evening she is featuring Kimball Farm in Pepperell, MA with a gorgeous Terrine made from their Heriloom Tomatoes, their Mizuna Greens, and with Chef Stacy's own House-Made Mozzarella!! It blows the traditional Caprese Salad out of the water!!, Rainy day blues? Come enjoy our cocktail special! Megan's "Last Waltz" - Rye Whiskey, Aperol, Rhubarb bitters and an absinthe rinse, perfect on a rainy summer day.  Pair it with Chef Stacy's Wild Boar Loin served with Confit Fennel, Ricotta Malfatti and a Smoked Bacon-Shallot Jus. YUM!, Weird weather got you in a funk? Come into the Beagle for Megan's Lucky #13 with Tequila, Fernet, Agave, Creole & Aztec Chocolate Bitters! Chef Stacy is serving up Brûléed Boucheron Goat Cheese with Roasted Beets, Romesco & Arugula, as well as Lobster & Artichoke Ravioli with Shaved Fennel & Tarragon Crema for starters! For dinner she made a Panzanella-Stuffed Boneless Half-Chicken with Farro & Chicken Velouté - it'll warm your bones on this rainy day!!, Chef Stacy is featuring an Almond Crusted Pacific Halibut with Grilled Red Beets, Marinated Yellow Beets, Roasted Asparagus & Brown Butter-Balsamic!! Tonight is also the final night to enjoy Chef Stacy's "Greasy Spoon"-inspired twist on American Chop Suey! It's Wagyu Beef stuffed with Mozzarella, Parmesan, Basil, Roasted Garlic & Breadcrumbs, simmered in a Tomato Sauce with Peppers & Onions, served over Stacy's Hand-Made Pappardelle Pasta. It's wayyyyy better than Ma used to make it... just don't tell Ma!, Come in and cool off at the Beagle with Chef Stacy's Strawberry-Tomato Gazpacho or Hamachi Sashimi with Cucumber, Avocado, Chili & Key Lime Sorbet!! Pacy & Luke are behind the bar tonight serving up a House-Infused Raspberry French 75 on the rocks, so it's extra cool for this crazy hot weather! Don't forget, we are serving our "Greasy Spoon" specials, as seen on Eater Boston, throughout the weekend! They've been selling out early every night this week, so come in early to get a taste!, Hey everyone, The Beagle has a new Twitter account!! Follow us @BeagleDramshop !!, Thanks Eater!!!, All week long, Chef Stacy is serving her "Greasy Spoon" Specials feautured on Eater Boston!! Come in and try them! ... and tonight Pacy and Grant are mixing up White Peach Margaritas - perfect for this crazy hot weather!, As Seen on Eater: Chef Stacy's Twist on American Chop Suey - Wagyu Beef Stuffed with House-Made Mozzarella, Parmesan, Basil & Breadcrumbs, Simmered in a Tomato Sauce with Peppers & Onions, Over House-Made Pappardelle... and for Dessert: Deep Fried Peanut Butter & Fluff on Brioche with a Corn Flake Crust, and Strawberry-Rhubarb Compote!!, Greasy spoon special from Chef Stacy!!! Thanks Eater!!! , null, Join us tonight at The Regal Beagle for Megan's Ciao Senorita - an Italian twist on a Margarita, which will go perfectly with Chef Stacy's Porchetta - Italian-Style Stuffed Pork with Polenta, Roasted Oyster Mushrooms, Oven-Dried Tomatoes & Cippolini Agrodolce. Then finish the night with Chef Stacy's Riesling & Thyme-Poached Peach with Walnut Caramel & Vanilla Ice Cream!!, Happy 4th!!! Come into the Beagle for Grant's Liberation Libation - with Muddled Blueberries & Mint, Gin, Campari & Lemon, topped with Pink Bubbles! Chef Stacy is serving her Housemade Mozzarella with Arugula Pesto & Asiago-Garlic Tortellini over Tomato Water and a Chicken Ballotine stuffed with Duck Liver & Herbs, with Zucchini Bread and Bearnaise Zabaglione. For dessert, Mirna's Ice Cream Sandwich has Chocolate M&M Cookies, Strawberry Ice Cream & Chocolate Sauce!!, Come into the Beagle and try Chef Stacy's new menu!! From Salad to Soup, Seafood to Steak, and finish with Mirna's Fudgy Brownie Cookie Sandwich with Coconut Ice Cream and Walnuts! Amazing!, Come into the Beagle and cool off with Megan's Ciao Señorita - an Italian twist on a Margarita!! Also try Chef Stacy's amazing new menu items!! We have crisp chilled Island Creek Oysters with Champagne Granita and to finish off dinner: a S'more Sundae!! Just right for a hot evening such as this!!, She is moving and shaking... thanks Boston Business Journal!, Thanks Eater!!! Everyone meet Chef Stacy!, Come in and try anything off of Chef Stacy's new menus!! Every dish is delicious, fresh, and made to order!! Mark is also running a fabulous addition to the drink menu tonight called the Bohemian - Small's Gin, St. Germain, and Grapefruit, with Peychaud's Bitters!! Crisp, light and easy-drinking!! Who could ask for anything more?, The Beagle has all new menus, just in time for the start of summer! Come in and try some fabulous new starters, like Squash Blossoms, Burrata, and Merguez Sausages! We also have great new mains including Sole Roulade, Stacy's BBQ Pork Chop, and Prime Grass Fed Sirloin! Don't forget our new desserts, such as the White Chocolate-Raspberry Crostada, S'more Sundae, and Lemon Pudding Cake! We also rolled out some new Beer, Wine, and Cocktail Lists on Friday, so come in and try all the new selections!!!, Thanks Eater!, Come to the bar at the Beagle, where Mark is featuring Hemingway's Last Word, soon to be a new addition to our cocktail list! Stacy is roasting up a gorgeous Long Island Duck Breast with Lentil Salad, Spinach and Honey-Lemon Sauce...  Simply irresistible!, The Beagle is getting ready for summer, and Chef Stacy is cooking up her famous BBQ Pork Chops with Jalepeño Corn Bread & Pickled Watermelon. Pair that with Grant's Drink Special: The Violet Cactus, a spicy, floral twist on a margarita! Pure perfection., Come into the Beagle tonight for some incredible additions to the menu! Grab a glass of Italian Sparkling Rose to pair with the Roasted Scottish Salmon with Dill Yogurt Sauce, Zucchini Fritters & Pepperonata; or if you're a meat lover, you have to try the Prime Grass Fed Sirloin with Beurre Rouge, Gorgonzola Crushed New Potatoes & Patty Pan Squash!, What a gorgeous day to visit the Beagle! It's nicely air-conditioned in here *hint, hint* and we are featuring the "Smoking Gun", a smokey-spicy-refreshing combination that's perfect for the hot weather. Chef Stacy is cooking up an irresistible-looking Long Island Duck Breast with a Green Lentil Salad & Honey-Lemon Sauce! Try that with our featured beer: Left Hand Sawtooth Ale!, Rainy day blues? Get your booty to the Beagle for Byron's pick-me-up cocktail featuring Fennel Infused Mezcal! You'll also want to stay for dinner and try Chef Stacy's Grilled Pork Chop from Heritage Farm! Afterward, you just can't deny yourself one (or both) of our special desserts tonight: Bananas Foster Cheesecake or Steamed Lemon Pudding Cake with Strawberry Compote & Blueberry Coulis! Who could resist all that?, Start off your holiday weekend with some delicious food and drinks at the Beagle! Try tonight's featured cocktail: the Phony Negroni and our featured starter: Roasted Yellow & Candy-Striped Beets with hazelnuts and goat cheese mousse! Or stick with a rainy day classic: the Bacon-Wrapped Dates stuffed with blue cheese and a BBC Maibock Lager!, Hungry? How about Whole Prawns in a lobster brodo with crispy potato fritters! YUM! Pair it with our featured wine: Encantos Do Lima Vihno Verde from Portugal.  The perfect combo!, Regal Reel time is back and it's on tonight!!!, Dinner and a show? Come early and get our Bacon Wrapped Monkfish special! At 10pm we're showing "One Crazy Summer"  come try the "Cray-Cray Codder" - Cranberry Vodka, Velvet Falernum, fresh lime, cranberry bitters and cava.  Great way to spend a Monday evening!, It's a great day to visit the Beagle! Start off with Liv's Lowrider cocktail, enjoy the Smoked Tuna Crudo appetizer from our new Spring menu, and dig into our special Grilled Lamb T-Bone with Collard Greens, Grits & Red Eye Gravy, paired with our featured beer: the Loose Cannon Hop3 IPA!, Come in and try our new menu! We suggest the Seared Scallops with purple rice, pea puree and carrot-ginger salad. Pair it with our wine special: The 2012 Protea Chenin Blanc! Perfect., COME TRY OUR NEW SPRING MENU!!!!

Some new favorite apps: BBQ Pork Belly, Smoked Tuna Crudo, Charred Octopus , and Grilled Brocolli Rabe 

Some new favorite entrees: Grilled Bavette Steak, Quinoa Risotto, Baked Haddock and Chicken al Carbon

Don't Forget Dessert: Chocolate Mousse, Flan and Berry Cobbler

YUM!, null, Bored? Need something fun to do tonight? Come to The Beagz, we're doing movie night! Tonight's show: "Stand By Me" Cocktail: "Corpse Reviver #4" - Applejack, Lillet Blanc, Mathilde XO and fresh lemon.  Show's at 10pm, come now and get a seat before we fill up!, Thanks for coming by TV Diner!, Great day for a stroll around Coolidge Corner! Be sure to visit your favorite neighborhood joint for some refreshments.... Our suggestion: Our Craft Offering - Knockabout American Pale, Look who stopped by today..... Billy Costa with TV Diner!!!, What sounds better then Grilled Archer Farms Skirt Steak w/ potato salad, charred spring onions & chimichurri?

Maybe Grilled Archer Farms Skirt Steak and a Pretty Things Fluffy White Rabbit!, Come finish a beautiful d spring day with some dinner at the Beagle! tonights Smoked Salmon Tacos or Countneck & Chorizo Steamers will make you feel like summer is right around the corner!, We hope everyone is safe and sound. The Regal Beagle will be open tonight for those who need somewhere to grab dinner or a drink   Our thoughts are with victims and their families., Come enjoy this beautiful day @ your favorite neighborhood joint! We have Pretty Things brand new offering - One Upon a Time "1939"  It would go great with our Bacon wrapped Dates, Nice response Chef!! Thanks Zagat Survey!!, Did you know our sister restaurant Union Fish in Hingham is opening in May... check it out! , Thanks @Eater.com!!!, What a beautiful day! Come enjoy the rest of your Sunday afternoon with us The Regal Beagle Brookline ! Bacon wrapped dates and a carafe of Sangria sound perfect right now..., Thanks Thrillist!!!, Spring is almost here! Enjoy a stroll around Coolidge Corner and stop by the Beagle for a glass of Sangria. 

Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Kale & Broccoli Salad with Oranges, Fennel and Citrus Vinagrette
~ Cornmeal Crusted Catfish with Sweet Potato, Compressed Vegetables & Tomato Jam
~ Grilled Wild Boar Chop with Soy- Mustard Glaze, Purple Rice & Grilled Broc Rabe, Dinner tonight - We suggest visiting us @ the Beagle and enjoying our entree special: Corn Meal Crusted Skate Wing with Blue Cheese Polenta & Broccoli Rabe    See you soon!, Perfect night for dinner and movie! We suggest coming to your favorite neighborhood joint for Grilled Rack of Lamb with Wheat Berries, Roasted Carrots, Beets & Parsnip Cream! Pair it with a glass of our wine special, Zuccardi Malbec and finish your night at the Coolidge Corner Theater. Happy Friday!!!, Thanks Eater Boston!!!, Dinner Tonight: Roasted Colorado Lamb Loin with Hummus, Green Olives and Fried Kale. Wash it all down with a glass of our Wine Special - Paolo Scavino Piedmont, Vino Rosso, 2011    See you soon!, Come enjoy with snowy Boston night with a BBC's Cabin Fever Ale @ your favorite neighborhood joint!, Thanks for coming by Boston Phoenix!, Great day for a stroll around Coolidge Corner! Be sure to visit your favorite neighborhood joint for some refreshments.... Our suggestion: Our Craft Offering - Founders Red's Rye IPA and Beef Tongue Tacos!, Hope everyone is enjoying this snowy President's day weekend! Don't forget to join us for Brunch this Monday from 11 - 3. 
Come by tonight for a glass of Montebuena Rioja and enjoy one of Chef Michael's specials: 
~ Salt & Pepper Prawns with Coleslaw 
~ Braised Brisket with Mashed Potato, Braised Pearl Onions & Crispy Shallots 
~ Roasted Skate Wing with Oyster Cream, Lentils & Oyster Mushrooms, New BBC Offering just in: Cabin Fever Ale! Get here soon..., Escape your winter blues with dinner @ the Beagle. While your here, try our Craft Brew Offering: Heavy Seas Black Cannon Black IPA. 
Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Potato & Broccoli Soup with Ginger & Yellow Curry
~ Pan Roasted Grouper with Sweet Potato Puree, Escarole and Brussels Sprout Leaves
~ Grilled Squab with Braised Cabbage, Red Rice & Sherry-Soy Sauce, So a small change of plans... We are open for drinks all night! good news. however, our kitchen is limited tonight. We will be serving sheet pizza and a couple salads. Still, a great place to brave the Nemo, Come in and hunker down The Regal Beagle Brookline is open all day and night! We are here to help you brave the storm so put on your boots and come on in., Tonight's Super Bowl Shandy: Avery White Rascal, Reyka Vodka, Becherovka, Allspice dram and fresh lemon.  We'll be playing the game in the bar, come join!, TGIF! Come visit us at the Beagle for a cocktail and try one of tonight's dinner specials. 

~ Arugula with Blood Oranges, Fennel, Goat Cheese & Citrus Vinaigrette
~ Roasted Monkfish with Red Rice, Braised Endive & Caramelized Blood Oranges 
~ Grilled Kurobuta Pork Porterhouse, Roasted Sweet Potatoes, Beets, Grilled Turnip Greens & Pear Sauce, New cocktail menu @ Beagle. You should be here trying them all! Our favorite: "Cara-Me-Away" with Bols Genever barrel aged, Kummel, Carpano & Leopold Bros. Maraschino, New cocktail menu is here! 
We suggest a "Heather & Honey" with Drambuie, Becherovka, Jamine Liqueur & Fresh Lemon, ~ Grilled Pear w/ Smoked Gouda & Spicy Pecan Brittle
~ Rye Crostinis w/ Salmon & Apple
~ Quail egg-topped Beef Tartare 
~ Tea Soaked Tuna with Bourbon Mayo 
Just a sample of the complimentary hors d'oeuvres we will be serving during on Bawdy Boston tomorrow! 

But tickets now - there is only a couple left! 
http://www.unionparkpress.com/the-brookline-booksmith-presents-bawdy-boston-at-the-beagle/, Thanks UrbanDaddy!!!! Grab your tickets.... going fast! , Thanks @Dailycandy! Get your tickets!!!, Grilled Pear w/ Smoked Gouda & Spicy Pecan Brittle
Rye Crostinis w/ Salmon & Apple
Quail egg-topped Beef Tartare 
Tea Soaked Tuna with Bourbon Mayo 
Just a sample of the complimentary hors d'oeuvres we will be serving during on Bawdy Boston at the 'Beagle event January 20th

But tickets now - they are going fast!
http://www.unionparkpress.com/the-brookline-booksmith-presents-bawdy-boston-at-the-beagle/, Don't miss out! Buy your tickets soon. 
http://www.thrillist.com/drink/boston/02446/regal-beagles-bawdy-boston-cocktail-party, Thanks Eater!!!, Bawdy Boston... get your tickets ASAP!, Have you bought your tickets yet.... get them while they last!, Did you buy your tickets yet? Don't wait!
On January 20, we're having an event with Brookline Booksmith, Union Park Press and Bully Boy Distillers for Stephanie Schorow's new book "Drinking Boston: A History of the City and Its Spirits" 
Tickets are $35 in advance and include one book, complimentary beverages, and hors d'oeuvres. Click on the link below for more details! 
(You can buy tickets ahead of time The Regal Beagle Brookline for no added charge)
http://www.unionparkpress.com/the-brookline-booksmith-presents-bawdy-boston-at-the-beagle/

The Brookline Booksmith Presents: Bawdy Boston at the ‘Beagle
www.unionparkpress.com
The Brookline Booksmith, the Regal Beagle, Union Park Press and Bully Boy Distillers join together to throw a party and to shed light on one of Boston's most mysterious - and notorious - time perio..., Come cozy up at RB with tonight's cocktail special "The Tea's Knees" with house-made Earl Gray infused gin, honey & fresh lemon

Dinner Specials: 
~ White Bean Soup with Bacon, Fingerling Potatoes & Leeks 
~ Monkfish with Green Lentils, Bacon, Kale & Salsify Puree 
~ Wild Boar Chili with White and Back Beans & Jalapeno, TGIF!! Come celebrate @ The Regal Beagle Brookline with our Craft Offering - Cape Ann Brewing Co. Fisherman's Navigator - a German dobbel-bock perfect for a winter night!, Did you get your tickets yet?, Did you get tickets yet? Do not miss out!, Thanks!! Who is coming in to warm up with a SNOW DAY?!?!, Did you buy your tickets yet? Don't wait!
On January 20, we're having an event with Brookline Booksmith, Union Park Press and Bully Boy Distillers for Stephanie Schorow's new book "Drinking Boston: A History of the City and Its Spirits" 
Tickets are $35 in advance and include one book, complimentary beverages, and hors d'oeuvres. Click on the link below for more details! 

http://www.unionparkpress.com/the-brookline-booksmith-presents-bawdy-boston-at-the-beagle/, Come into the Regal Beagle and celebrate the new year!
We have some wonderful specials tonight, take a look...

DINNER SPECIALS

Warmed Hamachi 
with poached salsify, fried maitake & apple 

Coffee Roasted Ribeye 
with grilled jumbo prawn, Brussels sprouts, confit potato & chimichurri 

Spelt Risotto
with root vegetables, mustard greens & radish 

Chocolate Cremeux 
with shortbread, honey chantilly & orange 

COCKTAILS
The Flower Shop -Castellar Cava “Brut”, St. Germain & an edible, blooming hibiscus flower

Auld Lang Syne - Castellar Cava “Brut”, Pierre Ferrand Ambre Cognac, Sugar & Angostura Bitters, Come watch the snow fall @ the Beagz! Enjoy a glass of our wine special - Stark Raving Cabernet or perhaps our signature Hot Toddy.
Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Fluke Crudo with Pear, Grain Mustard Vinaigrette, Celery & Pickled Mustard Seeds 
~ Grilled Pork Chop with Cellar Vegetables & Applesauce 
~ Hake Picatta with Roasted Fingerlings & Escarole, Did you buy your tickets yet? Don't wait!
On January 20, we're having an event with Brookline Booksmith, Union Park Press and Bully Boy Distillers for Stephanie Schorow's new book "Drinking Boston: A History of the City and Its Spirits" 
Tickets are $35 in advance and include one book, complimentary beverages, and hors d'oeuvres. Click on the link below for more details! 

http://www.unionparkpress.com/the-brookline-booksmith-presents-bawdy-boston-at-the-beagle/, Our winter menu at the Beagz is here! One of our favorite new dishes: Duck Breast with grits, collards & bacon jus. Pair that with a glass of red and come great company to unwind from all that holiday shopping. See you soon! #goodeatin, Come in this weekend and try out our new delicious menus!!! See you soon!, On January 20, we're having an event with Brookline Booksmith, Union Park Press and Bully Boy Distillers for Stephanie Schorow's Drinking Boston: A History of the City and Its Spirits. 
Tickets are $35 in advance and include one book, complimentary beverages, and hors d'oeuvres. Click on the link below for more details!

http://www.unionparkpress.com/the-brookline-booksmith-presents-bawdy-boston-at-the-beagle/, New Craft Offering: Ithaca Nut Brown Ale! Perfect brew for a crisp December night. 
Tonight's Specials: 
~ Smoked Salmon with pear, arugula and sherry vinaigrette
~ Roasted  Monkfish with Cauliflower Puree, mixed grains & garlicky escarole
~ Confit of Pork Belly with roasted apples, parsnips, broccoli and cider gastrique, Join us tonight for your cocktail special - our play on the Last Word for the 8th night of Hanukkah - “Last Ner” made with Bulldog Gin, Luxardo Maraschino & Green Chartreuse
Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~Salad Special: Roasted Beets, Blue Cheese & Arugula
~ Monkfish with Greens Lentils, Sweet Potato Puree & Curry Glaze  
~ Braised Brisket with Mash Potato, Broccoli Rabe and Natural Jus, Come celebrate the seventh night of Hanukkah at the Beagz with our cocktail special: ז Zayin (7)  Made with House Infused Vanilla Bean Eagle Rare Bourbon, Carpano & Regan’s Orange Bitters!, Come visit and enjoy a glass of our Winter Sangria - made with Red Wine, Lairds Applejack Brandy,  St. Elizabeth's Allspice Dram and Fresh Citrus! 

Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Charred Calamari with Chickpea-Eggplant Puree & Curry Vinaigrette
~ Roasted Swordfish  with Spicy Tomao Brodo, Broccoli Rabe & Fried Garbanzos
~ Grilled Wagyu Tri Tip with a Potato & Chicory Gratin, Why not pop into Beagle for our new Wine Special, Montes Carmenere, with notes of wild blueberries, blackberries and hints of dark chocolate and a touch of vanilla! It will pair great with our entree special - Roasted Duck Breast with Root Vegetable Mash, Kale & Apple Sauce., What a beautiful winter day! Come enojy it with us at the Beagz with an Anchor Brewing Christmas Ale! #craftbeer #yummy, TGIF! Visit us at the Beagz for our cocktail special: "Czech Mark" with Becherovka USA, Makers Mark, Sweet Vermouth & Honey! 

Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Arugula & Beet Salad with Goat Cheese, Dried Cherries and Cider Vinaigrette 
~ Seafood Stew with Chickpeas, Tomato Brodo, Mussels, Monkfish & Calamari
~ Grilled Sirloin with Cheddar, Broccoli Rabe and Potato Gratin, Are Turkey Leftovers Taking a Toll on You? 

Come into the Beagle for some warming winter specials!

Holiday Detox Salad: Kale, Apples, Almonds, Fennel & Cider Vinaigrette.
Blackened Catfish w/ Sweet Potato-Rutabaga Mash, Chard & Black Garlic Mayo.
Michael's Famous Tortilla Soup w/ Pork Meatballs & Pickled Cabbage., We were there!, DRINK CRAFT BEER - Come by the Beagz for our Craft Offering tonight - Lagunitas Brown Shugga' 

Tonight's Dinner Specials - 
~ Lil Irish Stew, Farro, Cabbage, Potatoes & Jameson
~ Grilled Calamari, Roast Scallops, Chicories & White Beans 
~ Grilled Pork Chop with Parsnip Puree & Crispy Sweet Potatoes
~ Mirna’s Flan with Chili Caramel, Come celebrate with weekend at the Beagz! Pop in and pair our Craft Offering, Smuttynose Robust Porter with our Dessert Special - Chocolate Cake with Whipped Crème Fraiche. 
Tonight's dinner specials:
~  Kale Salad with Curried Yogurt, Dried Fruit, Radish and Citrus Dressing 
~ Hake Lower East Side Style with Potato Salad, Pickled Beets and Horseradish Cream 
~ Grilled Pork Duo – Pork Sirloin and Grilled Pork Confit, Root Vegetable Mash and Grain Mustard Jus, We will be there.. will you?!, Guess who turned 3 this weekend? The Regal Beagle!!! Thank you everyone for making this possible. Come on in and check out our specials tonight.

~ Mix Greens w/ apples, goat cheese, sour dough croutons & cabernet dressing.
~ Grilled Sirloin w/ an escarole, potato & spaghetti squash gratin. 
~ Roast Tilefish w/ spicy garbanzo stew., Come warm up at the Beagz tonight with our dessert pairing - Mexican Wedding Cookies and Raspberry Sorbet with Tequila Spiked Coffee, Come visit us at the Beagz and try tonight's cocktail special - Mrs. Money Penny, with Smalls Gin, Lillet Blanc, Fresh Lemon and Rhubarb Bitters! 
Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Skirt Steak Tacos with Pickled Cabbage & Salsa Verde 
~ Roast Hake with Butter Braised Carrots, Roast Delicata and Romanesco Gremolata 
~ Grilled Pork Sirloin with Caramelized Back Pepper Pears, Grilled Kale and Crispy Yams, Come by and try our Craft Brew Offering - Troegs Java Head Stout - perfect for the season. It would go great with our soup special tonight: Creamy Carrot-Ginger Soup with crispy fried onion strings, Sandy who?!?! We are open!!!, TGIF! Come by the Beagle and enjoy a glass of our Autumn Sangria with Red Wine, Maple Rye Whiskey, All Spice and Fresh Fruit! Or maybe a Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout! 
Tonight's Dinner Specials - 
~ Mix Lettuces with Shaved Farmstand Vegetables, Red Onion, Sourdough Croutons and Buttermilk Dressing
~ Roast Catfish with Delicata, Toasted Farro and Escarole 
~ Grilled Duck Breast with Spaghetti Squash, Kale, Apple and Cheddar Gratin
~ Chocolate Cake with Salted Caramel Cream, Thanks Thrillist!!!, Today is the last day of the Brookline Farmers Market for the season - so we stocked up! 
Come in and enjoy Chef Michael's Farmers Market Specials: 

~ Quinoa and Local Greens with Shaved Carrots, Beets, Red Onion & Buttermilk Dressing
~ Catfish with Warmed Ham, Farro and Escarole Salad & Sherry Vinaigrette
~ Grilled Duck Breast with Sweet Potato Puree, Grilled Kale and Cranberry Gastrique, Another devoted regular!, Thanks for coming in BeantownEats!!!, Come start your week off right with dinner and drinks at the Beagle! 
Tonight's Specials: 
~ Poached Hake with Mixed Greens, Onion, Tomato and a Citrus Vinaigrette
~ Pan Roasted Idaho Trout with an Arugula, Apple and Onion Salad & Toasted Pepita Vinaigrette
Be sure to try our Craft Offering - Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout!, Come enjoy this beautiful day with a glass of our Harvest Sangria – Red wine, Maple Whiskey, St. Elizabeth’s All Spice Dram and Fresh Citrus! 
Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Mixed Lettuces with Beets, Radish, Carrots and Creamy Blue Cheese with Sour Dough Croutons
~ Roast Monkfish with Smoked Cauliflower Puree, Soy-ginger Glazed Baby Bok Choy and Sweet Garlic Hollandaise
~ Lamb Meatloaf with Sweet Potato Puree, Kale and Habanero Ketchup, It’s a beautiful autumn day - why not take a stroll around Coolidge Corner and visit us at the Beagle! Try our craft brew offering: Fisherman’s Pumpkin Stout OR warm up with something off our classic cocktail list - Perhaps a Sazerac?
Chef Michael’s Dinner Specials: 
~ Grilled Bratwurst with Warmed Lentil Salad and Mustard Cream 
~ Roast Trout with Warmed Kale, Ham and Sweet Potato Salad 
~ Grilled VT Game Hen with Eggplant Puree, Cumin & Orange Glazed Carrots and Wild Arugula 
~ Banana Bread with Strawberry Cream, Great fall special tonight - Grilled Pork Sirloin with Cider Braised Turnips, Sweet Potatoes and Kale. Pair it with a BBC River Ale!, Come try our new Craft Offering at Beagle tonight - Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout from Cape Ann Brewing Company! 

Tonight's Dinner Specials: 
~ Baby Arugula Salad with Sundried Tomatoes, Black Olives, Feta and Aged Balsamic 
~ Spaghetti with Baby Octopus, Mussels and Pollock with Puttanesca Sauce and Grilled Francese 
~ Grilled Pork Sirloin with Cider Braised Turnips, Sweet Potatoes, Kale and Feta, Join us at the Beagle tonight! We have some great specials in addition to our new fall menu! 
Tonight's Specials: 
~ Arugula with Feta, Stone fruit vinaigrette and Kimball Farm Grapes
~ Pan fried Ocean Catfish with Smoked-fried eggplant, purple kale and spicy mayonnaise
~ Grilled Bondin Blanc with Roast Apples, Sweet Potatoes and Fennel with a Grain Mustard Sauce, In addition to our new fall menu we have some great dinner specials tonight! Be be to try our special cocktail, an Indian Summer, a great mix of Bulldog Gin and Hibiscus Liqueur
Tonight's Specials: 
- Dandelion Greens with Plum Vinaigrette, Vanessa Grapes and Feta
- Roast Catfish with Brussels Sprouts, Crispy Eggplant and Spicy Saffron Rouille 
- Slow Braised Beef in Black Beans, Sweet Potatoes and Habenero Creama, We are rolling out our new Fall menu at the Beagle tonight! 
Come by and try Chef Michael’s new seasonal creations! 
Here’s a sneak peak: 
~ Autumn Greens with grilled pumpkin, cranberries, goat cheese and cider vinaigrette
 ~ Pulled Chicken Tostada with black bean refrito and habenero crema
 ~ Roasted Blue Cod with crispy mushrooms, celery two ways
 and black olive purée
 ~ Grilled Flank Steak with mushroom fricassee, red wine roasted shallots, Yukon potatoes and blue cheese butter, Great night for dinner and a movie! Head over to the Coolidge Corner Theater and be sure to stop in pre or post show for some food and drinks! 
Tonight's Specials: 
~ Beef Yakitori Japanese Style Beef Skewer with Scallion Soubise $
~ Roast Swordfish with Garlicky Escarole, Brandade Potatoes and Olive Puree
~ Tortilla Soup with Pork Albondigas, Jalapeno Cream and Slow Poached Egg 
*Wash it all down with one of our fall brew offerings including Cisco's Pumple Drumkin!, Come cozy up at the Beagle and celebrate with weekend with a glass of our wine special, Monte Antico Rosso. A Tuscan blend with earthy notes of herbs, black cherries, licorice and plums. Be sure to try one of Chef Micheal's specials. 

Friday night specials: 
- Local Field Arugula with Grilled plums, Parmesan, Ham and Aged Balsamic 
- Lamb Meatloaf with Butternut Squash Puree, Turnip Greens and Ancho Ketchup 
- Roast Day Boat Cod with Fennel Puree, Rainbow Chard and Delicata Squash
- Chocolate Mousse with Berries and Pretzels, It's Farmers Market Thursday at The Beagle! Tonight’s features: Mixed Grain Salad with Heirloom Tomato, Cucumber, Onion, Arugula and Citrus Vinaigrette AND Grilled Game Hen with Confit Butternut Squash, Grilled Pear and Pumpkin Seed Sauce, TGIF!!! Tonight's Specials: Melon Salad w/smoked salmon, herbed ricotta, arugula and pine nuts; Roasted Red Snapper w/cilantro root, red quinoa and gazpacho sauce; Grilled Game Hen w/spaghetti squash, lentils and tomato gratin AND Chocolate Olive Oil Cake w/raspberry sorbet, Thanks for helping us spread the word Eater!, We have some great Sunday Night Specials (Go Pats):  Arugula Salad with grilled onion, feta, grapes and citrus vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Pollock with tabouli salad, eggplant agrodolce and lemon vinaigrette; Grilled Pork Loin & Chorizo with house made potato salad and curried summer squash AND Local Berry “Soup” with raspberry sorbet and a sugar-cinnamon cookie, Saturday Night Specials:  Tortilla Soup with a pork meatball, pickled vegetables and habanero cream; Roasted Bluefish with barley risotto, basil, mint and tomatoes; Slow Cooked Chuck Steak with eggplant, oregano and parmesan cream AND Local Berry “Soup” with raspberry sorbet and a sugar-cinnamon cookie, Friday Night Specials:  Local Game Hen Pasta with foraged hen of the woods mushrooms, favas and a sherry-grainy mustard alfredo sauce; Roasted Pollock with red quinoa, escarole, tomatoes and a mint-basil pistou; Albondigas Pork Meatballs with tortilla soup, a poached egg, quick pickle vegetables and habanero crema AND Local Berry “Soup” with raspberry sorbet and a sugar-cinnamon cookie, FNO at The Regal Beagle Brookline!, Tonight's Farmers Market Thursday Specials:  Hen Three Ways: Roasted Local Hen of the Woods Mushrooms with smoked hen breast, a slow poached hen egg and sorrel; Roasted John Dory with confit of fennel, onion & garlic, charred leeks and pepper vinaigrette AND Archer Farm Brisket with mashed potatoes, stewed summer squash and horseradish cream, Come To The Beagle For Our Post Labor Day Specials:  House Smoked Clam & Bacon Chowder with potatoes and fresh corn; Grilled Local Game Hen with a butternut squash puree and arugula salad with a toasted pepitas vinaigrette AND Cava Poached Sole with citrus cream, tomatoes, escarole and potatoes, Thanks for coming by! , Tomorrow, The Beagle will be offering a Labor Day Beagle Brunch from 11am to 3pm.  Please come join us!, Sunday Night Specials:  Roasted Garlic Hummus with feta, cucumber, red onion and grilled flatbread; Soy & Sherry Glazed Mahi Mahi w/ carrot puree, snap peas & candied ginger; Lamb Meatloaf with warmed escarole, Yukon potato mash and habanero crema AND Mole Spiced Chocolate Soup with raspberry sorbet and a snickerdoodle, Beagle Says "If You Aint Movin', You Should Be Eatin' & Boozin'":  Arugula Salad with fennel, red onion, orange and blck olive; Lamb Meatloaf with ancho ketchup, sweet potato puree and stewed golden & green squashes; Grilled Swordfish with tabouli salad and basil aioli AND Mole Spiced Chocolate Soup with raspberry sorbet and a snickerdoodle, It's Farmers Market Thursday at The Beagle:  Butterscotch Melon & Grape Salad with chevre, ham, mixed greens and aged balsamic; Spice Crusted Mahi with collards, mole chili and charred tomato vinaigrette AND Smoked & Grilled Berkshire Pork Loin with grilled prune plums, arugula and salt roasted fingerlings, Come Enjoy Our Wednesday Night Specials:  Ham & Egg Appetizer:  Smoked Duck “Ham” with a slow cooked egg over warmed kale and broccoli rabe; Roasted George’s Bank Cod with fennel cream, roasted cherry tomatoes and braised lettuces; Grilled Flank Steak with mini baked potatoes and a red pepper-avocado salad with ancho vinaigrette, Sunday Night Beagle Specials:  Mixed Grains with grilled marinated swordfish, arugula and lemon vinaigrette; Roasted Gulf Redfish with garbanzo beans, broccoli rabe and vegetable brood AND Archer Farms Brisket with farro, wilted greens an an herb broth, Come On in For Our Great Saturday Night Specials:  Marinated Shaved Steak Salad with toasted bulghur wheat, arugula and an orange-chili vinaigrette; Roasted Swordfish with garbanzo stew, broccoli rabe and salsa verde; Duck Breast Two Ways:  Smoked w/ BBQ Sauce & Grilled w/ Pickled Peaches with cherry-blue cheese bread pudding and, oh, yeah, a li’l salad AND Vanilla Pudding with caramelized bananas and peanut butter cookies, Chefs Michael and Dan outdid themselves with these great dinner specials.  Please join us for:  Grilled Calamari with an herb salad, grilled lemon, mixed grains and citrus vinaigrette; Roasted Gulf Red Fish with piperade and “not so dirty” rice; Grilled Muscovy Hen Breast with house made potato salad, pickled peaches and BBQ sauce AND Vanilla Pudding with caramelized bananas and peanut butter cookies, Farmer's Market Thursday Specials ( we even got the chocolate for the mole sauce at the market!):  Local Melon Salad with feta, pine nuts and a soy-balsamic vinaigrette; Roasted John Dory with cauliflower puree, pickled cauliflower, celery and a romesco vinaigrette AND Regal Surf & Turf: Smoked Duck Breast & Roasted Salmon with root vegetable puree, Swiss chard and mole sauce, Come Enjoy Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Mixed Bean Salad with feta, arugula and romesco vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Trout  with a warmed ham-mixed grain salad, local greens and sherry vinaigrette AND Grilled Skirt Steak with an eggplant-tomato agrodolce and  bagna cauda butter, Come On In For Our Sunday Night Specials:  Mixed Green Salad with orange, cucumber, tomato, crispy tortilla strips and soy-balsamic vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Pollock with horseradish-dill cucumbers, spicy croutons and sauce gazpacho; Grilled Pork Loin with garlic smashed potatoes, sautéed spinach and an arugula-caper chimichurri AND Banana Bread with pear-cherry jelly and whipped sour cream, We have some great dinner specials tonight:  Buffalo Mozzarella with a watermelon-herb salad and soy-balsamic vinaigrette; Wild Boar Chili with kale, red beans, rice and Serrano cream; Pan Roasted Pollock with horseradish-dill cucumbers, spicy croutons and sauce gazpacho AND Banana Bread with pear-cherry jelly and whipped sour cream, Friday Night Beagle Specials:  Buffalo Mozzarella with roasted peppers, black olive puree, basil and aged balsamic; Wild Boar Chili over red beans and rice AND Pan Roasted Swordfish with lentils, arugula, caramelized grapefruit & leeks and citrus vinaigrette, FARMERS MARKET THURSDAY SPECIALS:  Fattoush Salad with Farmers Market vegetables, grilled pita, lemon and olive oil; Cava Poached Sole with mussels, braised baby leeks and rainbow chard AND Grilled Pork Loin with a local peach sauce, butter poached carrots and pickled cherries, Thanks BostonChefs.com!, Tuesday Night Supper Club Specials:  Smoked Bass Belly with saffron aioli, market greens and lemon vinaigrette; Grilled Eggplant with curried lentils, feta and a spicy tomato jam AND Regal Surf & Turf: Roasted Salmon & Grilled Sirloin with a bulghur wheat-potato-radicchio cake and an herb sauce, Our Sunday Night Dinner Specials will all go great with some Lagunitas Sumpin' Sumpin' Ale:  Arugula Salad with feta, heirloom tomatoes, lemon cucumbers, olive oil and aged balsamic; Slow Braised Lamb Shank with spicy tomato jam and jalapeno-mole grits AND Pan Roasted Local Striped Bass with tabouli salad, arugula and a spicy red pepper vinaigrette, Saturday Night's All Right For Eatin':  Toasted Bulgher Wheat with lemon cucumbers, Harrow’s Delight pears, carrots and citrus vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Mahi Mahi with kale, chorizo, sweet potato puree and two pepper vinaigrette; Archer Farms Brisket with Yukon mashed potatoes, braised greens and celery heart salad AND Patty’s Famous White Chocolate Mousse with a graham crumble, maldon and fresh berries, Blame It On The Rain Specials:  Melon Salad with goat cheese, purslane, red peppers, cucumbers and balsamic vinaigrette: Last Chance Local Striped Bass with a sweet potato-beet-corn hash and horseradish vinaigrette; Slow Cooked Lamb with cheesy grits and sautéed summer vegetables AND Patty’s Famous White Chocolate Mousse with a graham crumble and fresh berries, Farmers Market Thursday Specials:  Slow Poached Local Farm Egg with bacony braised kale and shaved aged cheddar; Pan Roasted Mahi Mahi with grilled white corn, dandelion greens, potatoes and tomato vinaigrette AND Grilled Flank Steak with chili-lime butter, salt roasted fingerlings and grilled eggplant & leeks, Come Cool Off with these Great Dinner Specials:  Mixed Grain Salad with smoked salmon, local lettuces and lemon vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Pollock with caramelized oranges and butter braised carrots, fennel, beets & sweet potatoes AND Grilled Sirloin with a Yukon potato-fig salad, warmed escarole and coffee hollandaise, Sunday Funday Beagle Specials:  Sweet Gem Lettuce Salad with heirloom cherry tomatoes, goat cheese, pine nuts, olive oil and aged balsamic; Roasted Gloucester Striped Bass with oven roasted potatoes, Swiss chard and a lemon-arugula sauce; Grilled Vermont Game Hen with panzanella salad, olive oil and a balsamic reduction AND Rice Pudding with grilled local figs, It's Hot Outside but it's Cool in The Beagle!  Come cool down with these specials:  Crispy Soft Shell Crab “BLT” with warmed Canadian bacon, caramelized sweet gem lettuce, tomato bacon and rye croutons; Roasted Gloucester Striped Bass with summer succotash and Portuguese Chorizo; Grilled Pork Sirloin with grilled plums, sweet potato and rainbow chard AND Rice Pudding with a fig & peach compote, Our Friday Night Specials are Simple Yet Refined:  Crispy Soft Shell Crab with green tea poached baby bok choy and a soy-sambal hollandaise; Pan Roasted Skate Wing with caramelized orange and curried lentils, beets & cauliflower; Grilled Vermont Game Hen with an heirloom panzanella salad and aged balsamic AND Rice Pudding with roasted fig, Farmers Market Thursday Specials:  Farmers Market Melon Salad with basil, goat cheese and lemon cucumbers; Pan Roasted Skate Wing with a fresh bean & lentil “cassoulet” ; Grilled Duck Breast with rainbow chard, grainy mustard sauce and grilled peaches, Thanks DigBoston!, Come Watch The Olympics and Enjoy These Dinner Specials:  Lentil Falafel with pickled cabbage, tahini and grilled flatbread; Pan Roasted Trout with a warmed mixed grain salad, smoked salmon, escarole and hollandaise; Surf & Turf with sweet & sour beef cheeks, roasted monkfish, sweet potato puree and a bok choy salad AND Dan’s Famous Orange Creamsicle Crème Brulee with fresh berries, In honor of The London Olympics, Courtney is serving "Flaming Torches" at the bar: Pimms, Bulldog London Dry Gin, Cava, Rhubarb Bitters & Cucumber, Come Enjoy Our Friday Night Beagle Specials:  Mixed Grains & Arugula Salad with grilled golden plums, grapes and blue cheese in lemon vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Local Bass with a silver corn-sweet pea succotash and paprika aioli; Grilled Coffee Marinated Flank Steak with sweet potato mash and a baby bok choy-carrot slaw AND Dan’s Famous Orange Creamsicle Crème Brulee with fresh berries, It's Thursday!  You Know What That Means.  Fresh Farmers Market Specials:  Farmers Market Salad with summer melons, roasted silver corn, purslane, chevre and balsamic vinaigrette; Grilled Calf’s Liver Appetizer with piperade, crispy onions, candied bacon and a soy-sherry sauce; Pan Roasted Monkfish with dandelion greens, roasted sweet potatoes and yellow tomato vinaigrette AND Grilled Baby Eggplant with bulgur wheat, tomato-fennel marmalade, black olive puree and radish greens, Humpday at The Beagle Specials: Vichyssoise with sweet onions, cucumbers and potatoes; Pan Roasted Monkfish with piperade, crispy potatoes and a sherry-smoked paprika aioli AND Grilled Calf’s Liver with crispy onions, candied bacon, sweet potato puree and a soy reduction., It's Movie Monday here at The Regal Beagle Brookline. Tonight's feature is Blade Runner! A classic 1980's action movie staring the wonderful Harrison Ford. 

Tonight it's Deckard vs. Roy Batty and the drinks to drive it.
the "Replican" & the "Replicant"

"Replican": Bulldog Gin, Yellow Chartreuse, Bittermans Amere Nouvelle, Punt e Mes, Creole Bitters, and a flamed orange twist.

"Replicant": Bulldog Gin, Carpano Antica Formula, Luxardo Maraschino, Kummel by Combier, Fee's Rhubarb Bitters, and a lemon twist.

Come join us for drink and parmesan truffle popcorn. The show starts at 10:00PM, Saturday Night's All Right For Eatin':  Texas Boar Chili with wilted greens and a slow poached egg: Pan Roasted Local Striped Bass with tabouleh salad and a charred tomato vinaigrette; Grilled Swordfish with a tomato-fennel compote, eggplant, broccoli rabe and black olive puree AND Persian Spiced Cake with cream cheese frosting and candied ginger, Tonight's Summer Specials will go great with our "Villa Solais" Vermentino:  Grilled Judith Point Squid with white & green beans and spicy cilantro pistou; Texas Style Boar Chili with wilted greens, chili cream and Dan’s famous biscuits; Pan Roasted Local Striped Bass with a tomato-fennel-eggplant marmalade and black olive puree AND Persian Spiced Cake with cream cheese frosting and candied ginger, It's Farmers Market Thursday at The Beagle!  Come on in and enjoy these Fresh Market Inspired Specials:  Chilled Cauliflower Veloute with a lentil-beet fritter; Corn Flour Dusted Catfish with wilted escarole & dandelion greens and a yellow tomato puree AND Charred Asian Eggplant with herbed bulgur wheat, Farmers Market Vegetables and a citrus cream, Regal Specials Tonight:  Spinach Salad with fennel, grilled plums, pine nuts and balsamic vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Local Striped Bass with curried cauliflower puree, beets, heirloom carrots and sherry vinaigrette AND Ancho & Coffee Marinated Flank Steak with mini baked potatoes and a crunchy pepper salad, Come to The Beagle for these delicious dinner specials:  Spinach Salad with feta, strawberries, pistachios, aged balsamic and EVOO; Roasted Red Pepper Hummus w/ grilled flatbread, feta cheese & EVOO; Pan Roasted Striped Bass with a three bean salad, arugula and lemon vinaigrette AND Grilled Pork Chop with sautéed lentils and Asian Style melon-Napa cabbage slaw, null, Sunday Funday Specials:  Melon Gazpacho with a Vietnamese vegetable salad; Pan Roasted Pollock with soft fennel & onion, garlic confit and lemon oil; Slow Braised Lamb Shank with bulgur wheat, poached summer squash & zucchini and pistou AND Grilled Pork Chop with fig BBQ sauce and a lentil-bean salad, Beagle Bastille Day Specials: Crispy Soft Shell Crab with asparagus mousse and hearts of celery salad; Pan Roasted Pollock with watermelon gazpacho and a soy-pepper salad; Slow Braised Lamb Shank with bulgur wheat, poached squash, tomatoes and spicy arugula pistou AND “Let Them Eat Spiced Persian Cake” with cream cheese frosting and candied ginger, BEAGLE BRUNCH IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW!!  We have our new Summer Brunch Menu and brunch specials: Fried Egg, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato & Avocado Sandwich and A Caprese Omelette.  Grant's behind the bar making "Shandy Blues":  Muddled Blueberries, Cold River Blueberry Vodka, Peach Bitters, Fresh Lemon and Avery White Rascal., Not Only Do We Have Our Brand New Summer Menu, we also have these Great Specials:  Crispy Soft Shell Crabs with piperade and grainy mustard hollandaise: Pan Roasted Swordfish with parsnip puree and arugula salad; Grilled Pork Chop with figs, lentil-bean salad and sweet tea sauce AND Chocolate-Olive Oil Cake with espresso gelato and Amarena cherries, Thanks for coming by!!! , Tonight we kick off our NEW SUMMER MENUS!!  Chefs Michael and Dan have created all new Summer Menus of light summer fare focusing on fresh and local ingredients.  Come try Hamachi Ceviche with radish, chili and green olives; Char Siu Pork Belly with fresh buttermilk slaw; Seared Scallops with creamed corn, sorrel and a bacon-potato-fava hash AND Fresh Fruit Cobbler with cinnamon crumb topping and vanilla ice cream, Come on in and try our great Summer Specials:  Mixed Greens with shaved green onions, fennel & radish in a balsamic vinaigrette; Pan Seared Sole with a summer panzanella salad; Corn Flour Dusted Gulf Catfish with roasted sweet potatoes, chorizo & corn and a crunchy pea-cabbage-buttermilk salad; Grilled Pork Chop with black bean puree, nopales salad and salsa verde AND Dark Chocolate Mousse with whipped cream and strawberry, Movie Mondays at The Regal Beagle Brookline!!, It's Monday Movie here at The Regal Beagle!!! Point Break is our feature and will be starting at 10:00PM.

Our Drinks are Tiki inspired: The Tikeanu Zombie for Mr.Utah and The Wisdom of Bhodi for our favorite dreamboat villain! 

Come join us for some great drinks and free snacks!!!
See you there., Tonight's Delicious Dinner Specials:  Salmon Ceviche with tomato concasse, jalapeno, red onion green olive, shredded romaine and tortilla chips; Slow Braised Pork Shank with roasted red potatoes, Greek zucchini, rainbow carrots and sautéed spinach AND Pan Seared Sole with chorizo, white navy beans, flowering kale, swiss chard and tomato in a white wine-lemon sauce, Today's Beagle Brunch Specials:  Butter Lettuce & Purple Romaine Salad with shaved rainbow carrots, sugar snap peas, beets and purple beans in a red pepper vinaigrette; Beef Brisket Benedict with poached eggs, herb hollandaise and pickled vegetables AND Canadian Bacon & Cheddar Omelette with caramelized onions and baby spinach, Beagle Brunch is Happening Right Now:  Mixed Market Beans & Greens Salad with pistachio, goat cheese and red pepper vinaigrette; Dandelion Greens Omelette with arrabbiata sauce, burrata, potatoes and toast AND Poached Eggs with bacony collard greens, English muffins, Tabasco hollandaise and homefries.  Wash it all down with an Austin's Eddy Palmer Cocktail!, Chefs Michael and Dan outdid themselves again with these great Summer Specials:  Collards & Egg: bacony collard greens cooked low & slow with a slow poached egg; Soft Shell Crab with corn puree, wilted bitter greens and a tomato vinaigrette; Local Crisp Skin Cape Blue Cod with mixed bean salad and a red pepper sauce; Braised BBQ Pork Shank with rainbow chard and a spicy, soy marinated watermelon salad AND Mixed Local Berry Cobbler with vanilla ice cream, The Regal Beagle Brookline Movie Mondays!, AND EVEN BETTER OUR STAR SPANGLED SHANDY'S!!!

Red…
Lunazul Reposado Tequila, fresh watermelon, honey, habanero bitters & Reading Pilsner.

White...
Redemption Rye, Bergamot Tea, Rhubarb Liqueur, fresh lemon & Avery White Rascal.

…And Blue
Citron Vodka, Combier orange liqueur, fresh lemon, Boston Bittahs, blueberry compote & High Life., COME TRY OUR REGAL BEAGLE 4TH OF JULY SPECIALS:

Watermelon and Grilled Corn Salad with sorrel, feta and balsamic vinaigrette

BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich on a brioche bun with fresh buttermilk slaw and bread & butter pickles

Grilled Chorizo Dog on Ciabatta with spicy mustard and house made relish

Blackened Blue Fish with marinated heirloom tomatoes and a summer potato salad

Strawberry Shortcake with house made biscuits, fresh strawberries and whipped cream, Sticking around town for the 4th?!?! Come by for our delicious SHANDIES and BBQ SPECIALS! , Sticking around town for the 4th?!?! Come by for our delicious SHANDIES and BBQ SPECIALS! , Sticking around town for the 4th?!?! Come by for our delicious SHANDIES and BBQ SPECIALS! , Sticking around town for the 4th?!?! Come by for our delicious SHANDIES and BBQ SPECIALS! , Who is coming in for The Regal Beagle Brookline's 4th of July Shandies?!?!, Cool Down at The Beagle:  Local Lettuces with baby carrots, beets, snap peas and gooseberry vinaigrette; Pan Roasted Monkfish with Greek Zucchini, tomato brood and basil aioli; Cochinita Pibil Two Ways: slow cooked pork belly & leg with black bean puree, pickled carrots and Serrano salsa AND Mixed Fruit Crumble with vanilla ice cream, If you're as upset as we are about the TOMKAT divorce, come enjoy these summer specials that are sure to cheer you up!  Soft Shell Crabs with braised baby bok choy, candied bacon and ginger vinaigrette; Pan Seared Sole with dijon cream, steamed sweet potatoes and rainbow chard; Seared Lentil Cake with curried local baby beets, carrots & beet greens, arugula and spiced Greek yogurt AND Blueberry Crumble with vanilla ice cream, It's Farmers Market Thursday at The Beagle!  Dinner Specials:  Farmers Market Salad:  Arugula & Beet Greens with peas, carrots, baby beets and tomato vinaigrette; Cava Poached Sole with baby heirloom tomatoes, fava beans, cucumbers and fresh basil AND Slow Cooked Chuck Steak with an herb broth, sweet potato puree and green onions, Every Monday The Regal Beagle Brookline!, Chef Michael created some great summer specials yet again: Vichyssoise: Chilled Potato & Cucumber Soup with Creme Fraiche; Blackened Bluefish with corn, arugula, grilled ham and a tomato vinaigrette; Grilled “Char Siu” BBQ Pork Loin with grilled plums & figs and Buttermilk Cole Slaw.  Wash them down with the 2010 Can Feixes "Blanc Seleccio" or the Stevens Point Nude Beach Summer Wheat Ale!, http://bostonchefs.com/news/2012/6/22/good-vs-evil-film-drinks/, Come Enjoy Tonight's Sunday Night Specials:  Poached Local Seafood Salad with cod, mussels & clams, romaine, spelt and radish in a lemon vinaigrette; Braised Lamb Tacos on grilled flour tortillas with a tzatziki-cucumber-red onion slaw; Grilled Tequila-Lime Marinated Swordfish with spelt, grilled asparagus and a chili infused oil; Wild Boar Black Bean Chili with turnips, mustard greens, jalapeno crema and Dan’s house made biscuit AND Local Strawberries with aged balsamic, blueberry sorbet and vanilla ice cream, Chefs Michael & Dan did it again!  Check Out These Great Summer Specials:  Farm Stand Lettuces with shaved vegetables and a fig vinaigrette; Roasted Swordfish Loin with tomato poached artichokes, capers, cous cous and a black olive puree; Wild Boar Black Bean Chili with turnips, mustard greens, jalapeno crema and Dan’s house made biscuit AND Local Strawberries with aged balsamic, blueberry sorbet and vanilla ice cream, Our AC is Crankin'!  Come Beat The Heat and Enjoy These Specials:  Bacon Braised Greens with a soft poached country egg; Charred Eggplant with curried baby vegetables, spelt and a spiced yogurt sauce; Poached Cod with local lettuces, potatoes and tomatoes in a veloute sauce AND Fruit Cobbler with local strawberries, blueberries, rhubarb and vanilla ice cream, It's Farmers Market Thursday at The Beagle:  Farmers Market Salad with local red romaine, shaved fennel, radish, carrots, peas and chardonnay vinaigrette; Crispy Skin Red Fish with tomato-watermelon water, ginger poached bok choy, turnips and a soy reduction AND Braised Lamb Shank with sweet potato puree, first of the season squash & zucchini, basil pistou and an herb broth, null, It's a Beautiful Father's Day in Brookline!  Come in and enjoy our dinner specials:  Fresh Figs & Strawberries with grilled local ham, arugula and aged balsamic; Narragansett Beer Steamed Wellfleet Clams with chorizo, tomatoes and potatoes; Roasted Mahi Mahi with toasted farro, grilled asparagus and tomato jam AND Grilled Duck Taco Plate with fresh kimchi vegetables, black beans and Korean hot sauce, Chefs Michael and Dan totally food geeked out on Day Boat Fish and Farmer's Market Produce, so here are our many specials:  Local Bibb Lettuces in a roasted red pepper vinaigrette with green beans, almonds and goat cheese; Narragansett Beer Steamed Wellfleet Clams with corn, chorizo, tomatoes and potatoes; Roasted Whole Red Fish with braised baby bok choy, turnips, scallions and a soy-ginger vinaigrette; BBQ Braised Pork Shank with pickled peaches, farro salad and rainbow chard AND Chocolate Pudding with cherries, strawberries, chocolate shortbread and chantilly cream, It's Farmer's Market Thursday at The Beagle!  Come in for some great Local Specials:  Farmer’s Market Salad: Local Butter Lettuces, Rainbow Chard, Snap Peas, Breakfast Radish & Fennel w/ lemon, olive oil & parsley; Western MA Trout with Stillman’s Farm arugula, corn, Tasso ham & Yukon potato hash and tomato vinaigrette AND Grilled Hanger Steak with Enterprise asparagus, charred onion, pine nuts and blue cheese, Come To The Beagle Tonight and Enjoy Our Spring Specials:  Spinach & Beet Salad with a fig vinaigrette, goat cheese, red onion and heirloom cherry tomatoes; Blackened Idaho Trout with marinated tomatoes and a red bliss potato salad AND Grilled Pork Chop with tabouli, a grilled spring vegetable salad and fig sauce, Come To The Beagle Tonight To Enjoy Our Spring Specials:  Spinach Salad with goat cheese, oranges, pistachios, aged balsamic and olive oil; Pan Roasted Cape Cod Bluefish with braised fennel, roasted red potatoes and a tomato-sherry broth; Garlic-Herb Marinated Pork Chop with sweet pea risotto, sautéed haricot vert and a bourbon maple glaze AND Vanilla Crème Brulee with whipped cream, mint and fresh berries, Come into The Regal Beagle for some great Mothers Day Specials:  Grilled Asparagus with burrata cheese, fresh basil, aged balsamic and a chile-lavender infused honey; Pan Roasted Arctic Char with a barley-wild rice pilaf, sautéed kale and a chile-lime vinaigrette; Steak Frites: Grilled Hanger Steak with parmesan truffle fries, arugula salad and a sorrel-lemon compound butter AND Chocolate-Peanut Butter Mousse with raspberry preserves, whipped cream and fresh berries.  And try our "Mom's Gonna Flip Out..." Cocktail Special., Sunday Night Dinner Specials:  Panko Crusted Smoked Blue Cod Fritters with arugula and a house made remoulade dipping sauce; Steamed PEI Mussels in a beer-butter broth, with garlic, tomatoes and grilled Crostini; Steak Frites: Grilled Hanger Steak with parmesan truffle fries, sorrel-lemon compound butter and an arugula salad AND Vanilla Bean Crème Brulee with whipped cream and fresh berries, Cinco de Derby!  What to celebrate?  Why not both at The Regal Beagle!  Enjoy our Drink Specials: "Derby Daze": Rittenhouse 100 Bourbon, Domaine de Canton Ginger Liqueur, simple syrup and muddled mint leaves served in a copper mug with an absinthe rinse OR "Muerte del Mezcal "Fidencio Smoked Mezcal, St. Germain, Luxardo Maraschino Liqueur and Yellow Chartreuse served in a chilled martini glass, Saturday Night Specials:  Cajun Spiced Shrimp Tacos on La Nina tortillas with a remoulade dressed slaw and pickled onions; Maple-Bourbon Glazed Grilled Pork Chop with a barley-wild rice blend and sautéed spinach; Pan Seared Gulf Redfish with sweet pea risotto, sautéed fiddleheads and a ramp-pistachio pesto AND Dessert Special: Chilled Tropical Fruit “Gazpacho” with fresh mint, pistachio brittle and blood orange puree, Thursday Night Specials:  Tamarind-Curried Lamb Tacos with a sweet pea-mint-cucumber slaw, golden raisins and radish; Herb-Brined Grilled Pork Chop over a wild rice, roasted corn, house smoked Tasso ham & hedgehog mushroom succotash with grilled ramps; Pan Roasted Gulf Redfish over a lemon-barley salad with tomato, red onion & garlic and lemon sautéed fiddleheads AND Dessert Special: Chilled Tropical Fruit “Gazpacho” with fresh mint, pistachio brittle and blood orange puree, Come on in this Sunday night and try our new spring menu or these delicious specials:  Grilled Asparagus with burrata, basil, aged balsamic and chili-lavender infused honey; Pan Seared Whole Rainbow Trout over a lemon & herb barley salad with tomato, red onion and arugula AND Black & Blue Burger: Cajun Spiced Grilled Angus Burger on black pepper brioche with blue cheese and caramelized onions, COME ENJOY THE REGAL BEAGLE'S NEW SPRING MENUS!  We have new dinner, dessert, lunch and brunch menus.  Come in tonight and try some Deviled Local Eggs with Fernet cured duck ham, or Creamy Asparagus Soup or Seared Scallops with a Lobster Dashi!, Try Our Great New Spring Specials:  Grilled Asparagus with Maplebrook Farm Burrata aged balsamic vinegar, fresh basil and lavender-chile honey; Pan Roasted Salmon over braised lentils with asparagus, grilled red onion, fresh mint and a lemon-tahini sauce; Grilled Colorado Lamb with cous cous, roasted golden beets, goat cheese and a curried date chutney AND Persian Spiced Pound Cake with vanilla-orange cream cheese frosting, candied ginger and fresh mint, Come Try Our Thursday Night Specials: Fried Smelts with crispy chickpeas, arugula, fresh orange & an herb salsa verde; Fettuccini with a Spicy Lamb Ragu baby spinach, shaved parmesan and crispy Brussels leaves; Herb-Roasted Haddock over a crab meat succotash w/ fava beans, roasted corn, summer squash & zucchini finished w/ lemon & fresh dill AND Pumpkin Cake with pine nuts, golden raisins, vanilla ice cream and brandy-cranberry toffee sauce, Come On In For Our Tuesday Night Specials:  Fried Smelts with crispy chickpeas, arugula, fresh orange an an herb salsa verde; Pan Roasted Salmon with braised lentils, grilled red onion, roasted asparagus, lemon-tahini sauce and fresh mint AND Grilled Bacon Wrapped Angus Meatloaf glazed in a Dogfish IBA ketchup glaze with gorgonzola smashed potatoes and spinach salad, Sunday Night Dinner Specials:  Cornmeal Crusted Fried Scallops with arugula and house made remoulade; Pan Seared Cod & Steamed PEI Mussels in a garlic-lemon-white wine broth with creamy polenta and sautéed baby spinach; Steak Frites  with grilled skirt steak, lemon-herb compound butter, parmesan truffle fries and a watercress salad AND Pumpkin Olive Oil Cake with pine nuts, golden raisins, vanilla ice cream and a brandy-cranberry toffee sauce, Don't pass over tonight's delicious dinner specials:  Ancho Spiced Pork Tacos in crispy corn tortillas with lettuce, sour cream and pico de gallo; Pan Seared Salmon & Steamed PEI Mussels in a garlic-lemon-white wine broth with creamy polenta and sautéed baby spinach; Grilled Chili Rubbed Rib Eye Steak with scallion smashed potatoes, asparagus, grilled corn & red pepper salsa and chili infused olive oil AND Pumpkin Olive Oil Cake with pine nuts, golden raisins and a brandy-cranberry sauce, Friday Night Specials, They're good so don't pass us over!  Fried Cornmeal Crusted Scallops  with arugula and a house made remoulade; Pan Seared Salmon & Steamed PEI Mussels in a garlic-lemon-white wine broth with creamy polenta and sautéed baby spinach; Grilled Chili Rubbed Rib Eye Steak with scallion smashed potatoes, asparagus, grilled corn & red pepper salsa and chili infused olive oil AND Pumpkin Olive Oil Cake with pine nuts, golden raisins and a brandy-cranberry sauce, Come on in and enjoy our Tuesday Night Specials:  Lentil-Herb Falafel over grilled flatbread with baby spinach, red onion, cucumber and a lemon-tahini yogurt; Braised Lamb Sandwich on toasted Ciabatta with kale, queso fresco, ancho-tomato aioli and pico de gallo; Local Hake Fillet over roasted red potatoes & asparagus in a sherry-tomato-fennel froth with fennel tops and herb salsa verde AND Citrus “Tiramisu”: citrus soaked ladyfingers layered with lemon curd, whipped vanilla-blood orange ricotta and fresh oranges, The Beagle's Friday Night Specials:  Lentil & Herb Falafel with baby spinach, sumac-tahini yogurt and pickled red onions; Bacon Wrapped, Stout Ketchup Glazed Angus Meatloaf with French fries, roasted Brussels sprouts and an herb red eye gravy; Herb Brined Grilled Pork Chop with creamy polenta, grilled asparagus and a maple-whiskey-cider glaze; Whole Rainbow Trout dusted in cornmeal & dill pollen with barley braised fennel and a tomato sherry broth AND Ancho-Cinnamon Brownie Sundae with vanilla ice cream and cinnamon toffee sauce, Come to The Beagle Tonight for our Great Spring Dinner Specials:  Crispy Fried Smelts over arugula w/ tomatillo salsa verde, spicy jalapeno-lime crema & pickled red onions: Bacon Wrapped, Stout Ketchup Glazed Angus Meatloaf with smashed red bliss potatoes, roasted Brussels sprouts and an herb red eye gravy: Herb Roasted Cod with grilled asparagus, roasted potatoes and an almond romesco AND Ancho-Cinnamon Brownie Sundae with vanilla ice cream and cinnamon toffee sauce, It's a Beautiful Spring Night!  Come to The Beagle and Enjoy: Wings and Waffles: yeast raised crispy waffles topped with confit Buffalo wings, maple-sriracha syrup and pickled carrot; Spring Veggie “Cassoulet”:  Rice Bean & Roasted Vegetable Stew in a cast iron skillet topped with herb breadcrumbs, spring vegetables, mushrooms and a poached egg; Pan Roasted Salmon over roasted carrots & parsnips in a lobster dashi with fava beans, asparagus, arugula and crispy parsnip chips AND Coconut-Passion Fruit Mousse with almond brittle crumble and fresh berries, Come on in and enjoy our Spring Dinner Specials:  Spiced Lamb Carpaccio with a green garlic-mint chimichurri, tabouli salad and jalapeno; Seared Tuna Steak over Moroccan cous cous and baby spinach with a grilled melon and pineapple salsa; Sherry and Paprika Braised Boneless Short Ribs with smoked blue cheese smashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts and a horseradish cream AND Vegan Coconut-Passion Fruit Mousse with almond brittle crumble and fresh berries, Thursday Night Specials: House Smoked Salmon & Herb Croquettes with a roasted beet puree, arugula & a dijon-caraway seed crumble; Baked Pollock in a Ritz cracker-herb crust with smashed red bliss potatoes, grilled asparagus and a whole grain mustard cream; Steak Frites: Grilled Skirt Steak with a lemon-herb butter, parmesan truffle fries, watercress salad and a chipotle-lime ketchup AND Citrus Tiramisu with Greek yogurt, orange and lemon curd served with whipped cream and berries, Thursday Night Specials:
House Smoked Salmon Rillette w bagel toasts, pickled red onion, hard boiled egg & grilled caper berries; Roasted Free Range Half Chicken over sautéed kale, soft parmesan poleta w/a jalepeno cream sauce and crispy onion rings; Seared Herb-Brined Arctic Char w/ a barley, house smoked tasso ham & baby spinach sauté in a spicy tomato-sherry broth; Coconut Tempura Fried Banana Sunday w/caramel and pistachio brittle, Saturday Night Dinner Specials:  Smoked Trout Rillette with red bell pepper romesco, cornichons, Crostini and lemon; Seared Maryland Striped Bass with braised white beans, mustard greens and a monkfish liver foam AND Grilled Culotte Steak with a crispy teff polenta cake, creamed kale and gorgonzola fondue, Friday Night Dinner Specials: Smoked Trout Rillette w/emulsified red pepper romesco sauce, cornichons and crostini; Seafood Cassoulet w/black tiger shrimp, monkfish liver, scallops, pork belly, white beans, spinach and a saffron white wine broth; Grilled Culotte Steak with slow braised spelt, sautéed mustard greens, duck confit, crispy potato sticks and a carrot ginger crème AND Jumbo Profiteroles with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and an Amareno cherry chocolate sauce, It's Oscar's Night at The Beagle:  Best Supporting Appetizer:  Slow Braised Tripe with roasted tomatoes and grilled toast points; It’s An Honor To Be Nominated Entrée: Roasted Pollock with a warm spelt salad, sautéed spinach and a smoked paprika beurre blanc; Who Are You Wearing Burger: Grilled Angus Burger topped with duck confit, Gruyere cheese, caramelized onions and a fried egg; Don’t Cut Off My Speech Dessert: Flourless Peanut Butter Cake with chocolate frosting, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and caramel sauce AND Best Original Cocktail: “Midnight in Brookline”: Pierre Ferrand Ambre Cognac, fresh lemon, Angostura Bitters & Castellar Cava, Friday Night Dinner Specials:  Tripa Parmesan: Slow Braised Tripe Ragout with roasted tomatoes and grilled sourdough bread; Roasted Monkfish with a warm spelt salad, sautéed kale and a saffron beurre blanc; Grilled Colorado Lamb Loin Chops with smashed potatoes, sautéed spinach and a creamy celeriac-mint sauce AND Flourless Peanut Butter Cake with chocolate frosting, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and caramel sauce, Thursday Night Specials:  Fried Whole Belly Essex Clams with cole slaw and Old Bay tartar sauce; Pan-Roasted Cod topped with house churned jalapeno butter and served over a warm quinioa & black bean salad w/ roasted red peppers, tomatoes and onions; Grilled Cajun Rubbed Hanger Steak with creamy polenta, kale and a gorgonzola fondue sauce AND Toasted Pinenut Pumpkin Bread served warm with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and a whiskey-cranberry caramel sauce, Tuesday Night Dinner Specials:  Fried Ipswich Clams with coleslaw & old bay tartar sauce; Grilled Skirt Steak with spiced fries, chipotle-lime butter, watercress and pickled onions AND Herb Roasted Cod with celery root-parsnip puree, kale, apples with pancetta & rosemary and crispy Brussels leaves, Saturday Night Dinner Specials: Three Grain and Mushroom Soup with parmesan Crostini; Ritz Encrusted Haddock with sautéed Brussels sprouts, braised white bean puree, black trumpet mushrooms and a lemon herb sauce; Grilled Long Island Duck Breast with red bliss potatoes, sautéed kale and an Amareno cherry demi glace AND Pumpkin Raisin Bread with cream cheese frosting, vanilla ice cream and a brandy-cranberry caramel sauce, Friday Night Dinner Specials:  ½ Dozen Nauset Oysters with a bloody mary mignonette; Baked Atlantic Cod over braised white beans with pancetta, baby spinach, Brussels sprouts and a squid ink beurre noir AND Grilled Long Island Duck Breast with smashed potatoes, sautéed kale and an Amareno cherry sauce, Come on in and enjoy tonight's Dinner Specials: Flash Fried Nauset Oysters in a spiced cornmeal crust with American caviar, tarragon remoulade and an arugula salad in lemon vinaigrette; Scottish Salmon & Striped Bass Ceviche in a citrus-scotch bonnet vinaigrette with pepitas, pickled carrot, edible flowers and tortilla chips; Grilled Striped Bass over white beans w/ pancetta, roasted cherry tomatoes, sautéed spinach and squid ink beurre noir, Tonight's Valentine's Specials: Baked Nauset Oysters w/ duck fat breadcrumbs, osetra caviar crème fraiche & grilled scallion; Grilled Bosc Pear Salad w/ blue cheese fondue, candied almonds, bacon, edible flowers & champagne vinaigrette; Seared Maryland Striped Bass w/ braised great northern beans, pancetta, roasted cherry tomatoes & sautéed kale with squid ink beurre noir; Grilled New York Sirloin w/ black trumpet mushroom risotto, sautéed baby spinach, Ipswich ale onion rings & cabernet jus AND Duo of Cupcakes: red velvet & strawberry chocolate, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Monkfish Liver Pate with a scallop & foie gras inlay served with arugula, hard boiled egg, pickled red onion and salsa verde; Sumac Dusted Atlantic Cod with braised lentils, roasted red peppers, baby spinach, harissa and a pistachio pesto; Roasted Quail stuffed with foie gras & golden raisins served over sautéed kale, celery root puree and a port pan sauce AND Caramelized Banana Sundae with pistachio brittle, whipped cream, toffee sauce and cherries, Come in for Tonight's Dinner Specials: Crispy Chicken Wings in a house made “Buffalo” sauce served with a mixed vegetable salad tossed in blue cheese dressing; Sumac Crusted Atlantic Cod with braised green lentils, kale, harissa and a pistachio pesto; Angus Burger on Black Pepper Brioche topped with duck confit, an over easy egg, Gruyere cheese, lettuce and tomato AND Citrus “Tiramisu” with orange, blood orange & lemon topped with whipped cream and berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Romaine Salad in a sweet chili-citrus vinaigrette with avocado, peanuts, fresh orange and crispy noodles; Crispy Fried Oyster Sandwich on black pepper brioche with shredded lettuce, tomato and a spicy tarragon remoulade; Chili-Cornmeal Crusted Local Cod over a black bean & roasted corn stew with roasted kale, pickled onions, cilantro and a chipotle-lime butter AND White Chocolate Mousse with whipped cream and fresh berries, BEAGLE BOWL 2012: Come to The Beagle to Watch The Superbowl Tomorrow.  The game will be on in our lounge.  Chef Pat Shea will be whipping up some great superbowl specials like: Crispy Nachos with Duck Confit Chili, Crispy Buffalo Wings with House Made Scotch Bonnet Hot Sauce and Crab Rangoon Pizza with Fresh Jalapenos, Cheddar Cheese and Sweet & Sour Sauce.  GO PATS!!!, Come Join Us for some great specials:  Crispy Foie Gras & All Natural Sweetbread Terrine with arugula, goat cheese, cornichons and pickled red onions; Baked Salmon Stuffed with Crabmeat served over black lentils, kale and roasted cauliflower in a tomato-sherry broth; The Whole Pig:  Vermont Suckling Pig Confit with head & trotter hash, sautéed baby spinach, and a rosemary-cider jus AND Coconut Rum Cake a la mode, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Crispy Foie Gras & All Natural Sweetbread Terrine with arugula, goat cheese, pickled onion, cornichon and apple sauce; The Whole Pig:  Vermont Suckling Pig Confit with head & trotter hash, sautéed spinach, pig head crackling and a rosemary-cider jus; Ritz Encrusted Blue Cod with braised white beans, grilled tomato, roasted fennel and a preserved lemon broth; Pan Seared Long Island Duck Breast with Bulgur lentils, sauteed kale and a whiskey mustard cream sauce AND Callebaut White Chocolate Mousse w/fresh whipped cream and raspberries, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Crispy Foie Gras & All Natural Sweetbread Terrine with arugula, goat cheese, pickled onion and apple sauce; Ritz Encrusted Blue Cod with braised white beans, grilled tomato, roasted fennel and a preserved lemon broth; Pan Seared Long Island Duck Breast with Bulgur lentils, sauteed kale and a whiskey mustard cream sauce AND Callebaut White Chocolate Mousse w/fresh whipped cream and raspberries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Wild Maine Shrimp Terrine with a Brussels leaf salad and a duo of cocktail sauces; Herb Roasted Cod with wild rice pilaf, diced apple, kale and a guanciale-cider reduction; Duck Confit, Pork Belly & Angus Beef Meatloaf with smashed potatoes, baby spinach, onion rings and an ancho ketchup AND Raspberry Trifle Sundae with Chambord soaked ladyfingers, whipped cream, fresh raspberries, vanilla ice cream and a warm raspberry sauce, Come Enjoy Our Spring Awakening Specials:  Baby Spinach Salad in a red wine vinaigrette with pickled onion, hard boiled egg, cornichon and mushroom-pecan chicken liver pate toasts; Wild Maine Shrimp Terrine with sun gold tomato “cocktail sauce” and a celery-Brussel leaf salad; New England Shrimp n’ Grits: creamy polenta with Maine shrimp and grilled scallops in a rich shrimp broth with guanciale roasted kale AND Fernet Soaked Tiramisu with fresh berries, Come Watch The Patriots Game at The Regal Beagle!  We're offering our "Ravens Suck Nachos":  Crispy Tortillas topped with duck confit chili, Vermont cheddar cheese, jalapenos, black beans, lettuce, pico de gallo and sour cream., Our sister restaurant Church Restaurant is hosting their first annual Chili Cook-off with neighboring Fenway restaurants. Who will be crowned Chili Champion?!, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Grilled Whole Sardine over a mustard green salad with roasted tomatoes, pickled red onions and salsa verde; Bouillabaisse with steamed countneck clams, cod, salmon and scallops over brown rice with a spicy tomato-caper broth; Pepper Crusted Skirt Steak with cauliflower gratin, braised cabbage and a brandy mustard cream sauce AND Frangelico-Coconut Panna Cotta with pomegranate and whipped cream, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Three Cheese Gnocchi Parisienne with sautéed mushrooms, squash, and Brussel leaves in duck jus; Confit Leg of Duck over spinach salad with dried cranberries, goat cheese, bacon, pine nuts and red wine vinaigrette; Grilled Blue Cod with teft polenta, Brussels sprouts, roasted tomatoes and arugula AND Frangelico-Coconut Panna Cotta with pomegranate and whipped cream, Come in from the cold and enjoy our dinner specials:  Three Cheese Gnocchi Parisienne with sautéed mushrooms, squash, and Brussel leaves in duck jus; Beer Battered Fish and Chips with sweet chili slaw, aji amarillo tartar sauce and pickled onions; Grilled Maple-Bourbon Glazed Pork Chop with gorgonzola-red bliss smashed potatoes, Swiss Chard and onion rings AND Frangelico-Coconut Panna Cotta with fresh berries and whipped cream, Come Enjoy Tonight's Specials:  Spicy Tomato-Chipotle Bisque with queso fresco, crispy tortillas, pickled jalapeno and cilantro; Baby Arugula Salad with pecorino romano, pine nuts, golden raisins and red wine vinaigrette; Pan Seared Blue Cod with chickpeas, cauliflower, winter squash, spinach, preserved lemon and harissa aioli AND Frangelico-Coconut Panna Cotta with berries and cream, Come Enjoy Tonight's Dinner Specials: Arugula Salad with pecorino romano, green apple, currants, candied pistachios and red wine vinaigrette; Wild Mushroom Risotto with sautéed spinach and parmesan; Baked Pollock with a Ritz cracker crust over a warm white bean & lentil salad, house cured guanciale, sautéed kale and a roasted duck broth AND Dark Chocolate Mousse with fresh whipped cream and berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Venison Carpaccio with arugula, toasted pistachios, roasted red peppers and pickled celery root; Baked Pollock with a Ritz cracker crust over roasted potatoes and sauteed swiss chard with a squid ink beurre blanc AND Slow Braised Boneless Short Ribs over sautéed kale and parmesan polenta with a red wine tomato sauce, Come Enjoy Our Post New Year's Specials: Persian Lentil Soup with fennel, mushrooms, spinach and sumac yogurt; Pan Seared Jumbo Scallops with a baby arugula salad in a champagne vinaigrette, pomegranate, orange & green apple; Pan Roasted Salmon crusted with fresh Maine crab and served over carrot-ginger puree, sautéed haricot vert and a squid ink beurre blanc; Calamarata Pasta with duck confit, wild mushrooms, kale, pecorino and a mascarpone cream sauce AND Currant and Pine Nut Caramel Bar Sundae with vanilla ice cream and toffee sauce, Come Enjoy the New Year Dinner Specials:  Champagne Risotto with Brussels sprout leaves, bacon and Mimolette Losfeld; Calamarata Pasta with venison ragout, pecorino and garlic bread; Baked Stuffed Lobster with crab stuffing, green beans, toasted almonds and chive hollandaise AND Apple Crostada with vanilla ice cream and Guinness Caramel, The kitchen at The Regal Beagle will be open until midnight on New Years Eve.  Reservations are still open.  Come join us for a complimentary champagne toast at midnight and enjoy some delicious specials; like: Baked Lobster with fresh crab, buttered crumbs, haricot vert, toasted almonds, brandy Bernaise sauce & chervil AND Slow Braised Venison Wellington with spinach & foie gras wrapped in puff pastry, ginger carrot puree & sauce Bordelaise, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Country Pork and Foie Gras Pate with arugula, pickled onions, boiled egg, grilled capers and toast points; Baked Hake with a Pepita Crust over warm tabouli salad with raisins & sautéed spinach and salsa verde AND Currant and Pine Nut Caramel Bar with sweet mascarpone and fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Country Pork and Foie Gras Pate with arugula, pickled onions, boiled egg, grilled capers and toast points; Chickpea Veggie Burger with queso fresco and pico de gallo on an Iggy’s brioche bun; Grilled Prime Skirt Steak with shitake butter, kale and a savory mushroom-truffle bread pudding AND Currant and Pine Nut Caramel Bar with sweet mascarpone and fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Roasted Chestnut and Pecorino Salad with grilled pear, arugula, EVOO and red wine vinegar; Grilled Bacon Wrapped Trout with sweet potato tots, sautéed mustard greens and fennel salad; Seared Scallops with soft polenta, sautéed kale and a tomato-oregano broth AND Pine Nut & Currant Cookie Bar with a sweet Guinness Mascarpone, Come Enjoy our post shopping dinner specials: Roasted Chestnut and Pecorino Salad with arugula, oregano and a red wine vinaigrette; Seared Bacon Wrapped Trout with warm tabouli, sautéed kale, raisins, pepitas and grilled fennel salad; Grilled Skirt Steak with shitake butter, sweet potato tots, braised mustard greens and sweet potato fondue AND Chocolate Peppermint Parfait chocolate cake layered with chocolate-peppermint pastry cream, whipped cream and crushed candy canes, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Crispy Chicken Wings with ancho chili hot sauce and celery-blue cheeses salad; White Wine Steamed Mussels with butter, garlic, fresh herbs and grilled rustic sourdough bread; BBQ Country Style Pork Ribs with cheddar-jalapeno cornbread and braised collard greens AND Chocolate Peppermint Parfait: chocolate cake layered with chocolate-peppermint pastry cream, crushed candy canes and whipped cream, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Crispy Chicken Wings with ancho chili BBQ sauce and a celery-blue cheese salad; White Wine Steamed Mussels with butter, garlic, fresh herbs and grilled rustic sourdough bread; Country Style Pork Ribs with a maple-dijon glaze, cheddar-jalapeno cornbread and braised collard greens AND Warm Apple Pie w/ figs, dried cherries, vanilla ice cream and toffee sauce, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Baby Arugula with a cranberry-Greek yogurt vinaigrette, Berkshire blue cheese, candied pistachio and green apple; Pumpkin Ricotta Gnocchi with gorgonzola cream, kale, parmesan and a pecan crust; Panko Crusted Local Cod Filet with a tomato-oregano broth, white beans, potato, Kalamata olives and fried capers AND Warm Apple Pie w/ figs, dried cherries, vanilla ice cream and toffee sauce, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Bar Bite: Grilled “Ham” and Cheese with house cured duck “ham” with goat cheese, gruyere, caramelized onions and maple dijon on Iggy’s Brioche; Pumpkin Ricotta Gnocchi with gorgonzola cream, kale and parmesan; Panko Crusted Cod with bacon braised Swiss chard, roasted red peppers, basil, white bean puree and an apple cider reduction AND Warm Apple Pie w/ figs, dried cherries, vanilla ice cream and toffee sauce, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Baby Spinach Salad with a cranberry-Greek yogurt vinaigrette, asian pears, goat cheese and candied pistachios; Whole Wheat Pappardelle with truffle cream, kale, bacon and parmesan AND Pan Seared Local Fluke with bulgher wheat pilaf, roasted cauliflower, harissa and a grilled lemon-black olive tapenade, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Crispy Semolina Encrusted Scallops with spicy tartar sauce; Seared Fluke with braised white beans, roasted tomatoes, capers, wild mushrooms and anchovy butter AND Roasted Bone-In Pork Chop with cheesy roasted potatoes, sautéed spinach and a spiced rum cider, Come in for the first night of our NEW WINTER MENU!! New items include Roasted Cauliflower Heart, Smoked Cod Cakes, Crispy Pork Belly, Braised Lamb Neck and Vegetarian Baked Fusilli!, http://thepigstail.com/2011/12/05/the-regal-beagle/, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Baby Spinach Salad with a cranberry-greek yogurt vinaigrette, candied almonds, goat cheese and green apples; Maple-Sriracha Braised Pork Belly over cheddar hoecakes and pickled hot peppers; Pecan Crusted Baked Haddock with a lemon butter sauce over wild mushroom risotto & kale AND Molten Chocolate Cake with seal salt toffee sauce and vanilla ice cream, Tonight's Dinner Specials:  Braised Pork Belly Risotto with wild mushrooms, arugula and crackling; Grilled Salmon with wild rice pilaf, white asparagus and sauce vert AND Lemon Curd Mousse Cake with a shortbread cookie crust, whipped cream & fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Crispy Pork Belly with cheddar hoecakes and jalapeno relish; Grilled Idaho Trout with wild rice pilaf, sautéed white asparagus and sauce vert; Seared Long Island Duck Breast with wild mushroom risotto, roasted green beans and a truffled red wine demi glace AND Lemon curd mousse cake with a shortbread cookie crust, whipped cream & fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Tuna Tartare Tacos with lemon aioli and a grilled tomato-caper salsa; Crispy Pork Belly with cheddar hoecakes and jalapeno relish AND Grilled Idaho Trout with apple cider beurre blanc, brown rice pilaf and sautéed white asparagus, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Smoked Cod Cakes with warm white bean salad, bacon, brussel sprouts and a remoulade sauce: Crispy Pork Belly with cheddar hoecakes and jalapeno relish; Grilled Pork Tenderloin: w/ red bliss smashed potatoes, zucchini gratin, & salsa verde AND Lemon curd mousse cake with a shortbread cookie crust, whipped cream, & fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Mixed Green Salad w/ a cranberry-greek yogurt vinaigrette, candied pistachios, goat cheese and green apples; Short Rib & Potato Stew with wild mushrooms, kale and spicy garlic croutons; Smoked Cod Cakes with warm white bean salad, bacon, brussel sprouts and a remoulade sauce AND Pan Seared Salmon topped with fresh crab and a lemon beurre blanc over a potato hash with house cured tasso ham and baby spinach, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Wild Mushroom Risotto with pork belly & kale; Braised Beef Short Ribs with lardo whipped polenta, brussel sprouts, watercress and a red wine demi glace AND Lemon curd mousse cake with whipped cream & fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Mushroom Barley Soup with chanterelles & spicy croutons; Crispy Yellowfin Tuna with roasted tomato-caper salsa, arugula & lemon aioli; Braised Beef Short Ribs with soft parmesan polenta, brussel sprouts, watercress and a red wine demi glace AND Lemon curd mousse cake with whipped cream & fresh berries, Tonight's Specials: Mushroom Barley Soup with chanterelles & spicy croutons; Braised Beef Short Ribs with sautéed spinach, soft parmesan polenta and a red wine demi glace AND Lemon curd mousse cake with whipped cream & fresh berries, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Eva’s Pea Shoots with balsamic vinaigrette, Tomme Crayeusse Fermier Cheese, currants, candied walnuts & green apples; Grilled Skirt Steak Tacos on white corn tortillas with cheddar, pico de gallo and salsa verde; Seared Duck Breast and Crispy Confit Leg with wild rice pilaf, roasted parsnips & a dried cranberry demi glace AND Cinnamon Sugar Fried Dough with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream & sea salted toffee sauce, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Chicken & Dumpling Soup with kale & chives; Roasted Cauliflower Heart with salsa verde, toasted pepitas & fried capers; Grilled Skirt Steak served over roasted root vegetable hash with kale, whipped lardo & bordelaise sauce AND Molten Chocolate Cake with vanilla ice cream & salted toffee sauce, Come Enjoy Tonight's Dinner Specials: Roasted Cauliflower Heart with pumpkin seeds, salsa verde & fried capers; Mushroom Risotto with kale & parmesan & spicy braised lamb; Grilled Skirt Steak with whipped lardo, root vegetable hash & bordelaise sauce AND Molten Chocolate Cake with warm toffee sauce, sea salt & vanilla ice cream, Come try our rainy night specials:  Roasted Cauliflower Heart with pumpkin seeds, salsa verde & fried capers; Chicken and Dumpling Soup with kale & chives; Grilled Idaho Trout with bulgher wheat pilaf, grilled broccolini & a caramelized onion-apple marmalade AND Molten Chocolate Cake with warm toffee sauce, sea salt & vanilla ice cream, Tonight's Dinner Specials: Baby Spinach Salad with balsamic vinaigrette, gorgonzola, candied walnuts & dried cranberries; Grilled Salmon with bulgher wheat pilaf, kale, Eva’s vanilla roasted turnips & a caramelized onion-apple marmalade; Braised Lamb Neck with soft polenta, broccoli rabe, green olives and a spinach-pinenut gremolata AND Molten Chocolate Cake with warm toffee sauce, sea salt & vanilla ice cream, We won for Coolidge Corner! , Tonight's Dinner Specials: Fish Tacos with Semolina Crusted John Dory, veggie slaw in a sweet chili vinaigrette, avocado, salsa roja & sour cream; Poached Salmon with creamy risotto, sautéed broccoli rabe and a harissa cream sauce AND Braised Lamb Neck with smashed potatoes, sautéed kale and a spinach-pinenut gremolata, Check out our Culinary Director! , Tonight's Specials:  Lamb Arancini with queso fresco, arugula and a harissa broth;  Poached John Dory with barley-lentil pilaf, broccoli rabe and a lemon cream sauce AND Braised Lamb Neck with soft parmesan polenta, slow roasted tomatoes, green olives and a spinach-pinenut gremolata, Check out our Culinary Director Laura Henry-Zoubir on the DISH! , We have some delicious drinks tonight! Try North Coast Brewing Company Acme IPA and Gritty's Black Fly Stout.  Or maybe you'd like "The Non-Prophet" cocktail with George Dickel, St. Germaine & orange blossom water, Come enjoy tonight's dinner specials: Potato Leek Soup Eva’s leeks, bacon mascarpone and crispy duck skin; Baked Fusilli slow roasted tomatoes, spinach, artichokes, chickpeas and Vermont ricotta (fresh pasta by Lilly’s); Baked Cod with Ritz Cracker crust over sautéed kale & smashed macomber turnips with a beurre noir sauce AND for dessert, Flourless Chocolate Cake with whipped cream and raspberries, Come in and Enjoy Tonight's Dinner Specials: Pork Wontons with veggie slaw and a ginger soy glaze; Smoked Cod Cakes with warm white bean salad w/ bacon, brussel sprouts & remoulade; Pan Seared Local Cod with baby spinach, a savory mushroom & sweet potato bread pudding and roasted garlic cream AND FOR DESSERT German Chocolate Cake Brownies with coconut-walnut icing, toffee sauce, vanilla ice cream & whipped cream, Check us out here! Suckling pig brunch Saturday through MONDAY!!!!! , VOTE VOTE VOTE , Come in for a delicious dinner this Halloween Night and sample our specials: Wild Mushroom Risotto with Portobello, shitake and house cured pancetta: Fish & Chips Semolina crusted haddock with French fries, cole slaw & spicy tartar sauce; Grilled Ahi Tuna with kale, wasabi mashed potatoes and a toasted sesame beurre blanc  AND Seared Duck Breast with roasted potatoes, broccolini, crispy guancali and a bourbon jus, Our new cocktail menu debuts tonight! Belly up to the bar and try an Origin Story with Bols Genever, Catdaddy Carolina Moonshine, honey and Fee’s bitters or our Beagle Negroni with Ransom Old Tom Gin, Punt e Mes & Campari, VOTE VOTE VOTE, Thanks Boston.com! , Tonight's Specials: Crispy Pork Wontons Slow braised pork wontons with cabbage slaw and house made sweet & sour chili sauce; Bacon Wrapped Local (Scituate) Cod w/ roasted garlic smashed potatoes, sautéed “Rye Garden” zucchini and a sorrel crème pan sauce AND for dessert: German Chocolate Cupcake w/ espresso buttercream & coconut-walnut icing., Tonight's Dinner Specials: Roasted Beet Salad w/ baby spinach, pomegranate vinaigrette, goat cheese, candied pistachios,& orange; Bacon Wrapped Cod w/ roasted garlic mashed potatoes, kale& a white wine sauce; Grilled Duck Breast w/ Buerre Rogue, brussel sprouts, house-cured pancetta & a mushroom-barley risotto and for dessert: German Chocolate Cupcake w/ espresso buttercream & coconut-walnut icing., Grant & Adam have been hard at work making new yummy drinks for the fall...stay tuned for the Fall Cocktail Menu debut!, Thanks BU! , way to go Grant!, Have you tried our fall menu yet? We've got an amazing Charcuterie Plate, Duck Confit Soft Tacos, Misty Knoll Farm Chicken Breast and Dark Chocolate Mousse with bacon & sea salt shortbread to name a few delicious new items. Hope you join us soon!, Our Fall Menu debuts today! Veggie Bolognese is back! We also have a fantastic cheese plate thanks to Formaggio Kitchen in addition to many other delicious offerings, stop by this weekend!, After you read about the history of the Bloody Mary,  scroll down to the end to see a shout out for our movie this Monday night, Thanks! , Belly up to the bar this weekend and have a tasty Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Hedgerow Bitter or Tröegs Brewing Company Dead Reckoning Porter, Don't forget to vote for Laura Henry-Zoubir!!! , MONDAY: NY Suckling Pig Prix Fixe, 3 Courses - $35!  But wait there's more!  Tonights Regal Reeltime flick: "Clueless" -- Come for dinner, stay for the movie!, TONIGHT: NY Suckling Pig Prix Fixe! 
First Course - Pig Head Hash w/over easy egg, arugula, cherry tomato and truffled lemon vinaigrette 
Second Course - Confit Pork Belly & Sweet Potato Stuffed Ravioli w/rosemary jus
Third Course - Roasted Suckling Leg w/"Fergies" green sauce, spinach & mushroom risotto, Come for dinner & stay for dessert! Taste what Laura would have made...
Chopped Dessert: “The What If” - Upside-down Guava Apple Cake with Cognac Caramel, 10pm viewing party at The Regal Beagle Brookline 
see Chef Laura compete on Chopped Champions!, Join us Tuesday night to watch Laura on Chopped Champions! 
Come drink "Is she a Starlet?" and "The Chopper" cocktails made with Russian Standard Vodka. Show starts at 10pm, Down about the rainy day?  Come enjoy our specials!  We have a Portobello Flatbread to start, Bacon Wrapped Grouper as an Entree and Laura's Famous Blueberry Kuchen to finish. YUM!, Join us tonight for Regal REEL Time. 
Tonight's feature: Ferris Bueller's Day Off
starts at 10:30
Enjoy a "Ferris Wheel" while you watch: Lunazul Reposado, Mint, Lime, Raw Sugar, Splash of Soda, Come and get it: Confit of NY Suckling Pig over Duck Confit Hash & Sauteed Spinach with Creamy Cognac Mustard Sauce, Ladies night on the bar!  Come see Courtney and Megan whip up your favorite cocktails.  Tonight's drink: "The Aristocrats" Gin, Muddled Cucumber and Sriracha!, Join us for Regal Reel Time tonight at 10:30pm--you know you want to see "Shaft" and drink Harvey Wallbangers!, We've got some pretty delicious specials this weekend! 
Stop by and try our Charcuterie Plate with Chicken Liver Pate, Foie Gras Mousse & Honey-Fernet cured Duck Proscuitto. 
And for dessert, our Dark Chocolate Mousse with Bacon & Sea Salt Shortbread!, Remember the Veggie Bolognese?  It's on special tonight! Come enjoy a Beagle favorite paired with a delicious glass of Dolcetto d'Alba!, Suckling Pig Confit! w/Buttered Brussel Sprouts, Sweet Carrot Puree, Watercress, Fresh Mission Figs, Plums and a Rhubarb Vinaigrette.  Come 'n get it!, Hungry? Stop in Sunday and see how our Chef de cuisine Pat is using the whole pig from Vermont he brought in & butchered this weekend...suckling pig, terrines, yummy!, come on in & celebrate Saturday with a delicious Lagunitas Brewing Co Little Sumpin' Wild Ale, Who is coming tonight to Regal Reel Time, 10pm "Breakfast at Tiffany's", Come to Regal Reel Time on Monday at The Regal Beagle Brookline!!!, Come grab a tasty beer ! Stop by and try a 22oz Baby Tree from Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project or a Red Sky at Night Saison from Heavy Seas Beer, Check it out! , Regal Reel time at The Regal Beagle Brookline! , null, Come beat the heat and join us tonight! 
Sit in air-conditioned comfort and try some our of delicious specials: Gazpacho with watermelon, cucumber, & avocado and Bouillabaisse with littlenecks, mussels, scallops & haddock, Who is coming tonight?!?!??!This evening's Era-Centric cocktail - "Here's lookin at You kid"- Bulldog Gin, Campari, Fresh Lemon and Champagne. , Come and check out the new summer menu at The Regal Beagle Brookline!, KEEP VOTING!!!!, thanks to our friends Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project for coming to chat with our staff yesterday. We have American Darling available in 22oz bottles--it's delicious!, Hey Fans, please vote for us! http://boston.cityvoter.com/the-regal-beagle/biz/525646, http://www.thefeast.com/boston/play/Regal-Reel-Time-Pairs-Movies-and-Cocktails-124614469.html?ct=, Hey Fans.. please vote for our MAC & CHEESE!!! , http://www.bostonchefs.com/news/, Starting tonight!!!! , Don't forget to come by for the first installment of Regal Reel Time!, Check out our latest addition! 
, Thanks Phantom Gourmet! , Hey Fans don't forget to LIKE our newest restaurant opening in Plymouth.. Rye Tavern. We have our own garden in our backyard!!!, Hey Fans- Regal Reel Time is starting on June 27!!! Every Monday enjoy famous movies of each decade paired with era-centric cocktails! Kick off the Regal Reel Time on June 27th  with the movie "Dracula" starting at 10:30 pm!!!, Check out our very own Grant Anderson in the Herald!, Vote for our Mac & Cheese!!! You know its the best!, Thanks Ooh Mummy!!!
, Game 5 for the Bruins!  Come watch in HD in our bar/lounge!, come watch the Bruins win Game 3! Grant Anderson & Megan Gamerman are wearing team colors while making your cocktails!, Join Laura Henry-Zoubir and Jennifer Sutherland at the Brookline Food Festival for delicious bites! Devotion School in Brookline Today 12pm-3pm!!!, Come watch the Bruins take on the Canucks on our HDTV while Pacy & Grant make you a delicious cocktail! Puck drops at 8pm, Check out culinary director Laura Henry-Zoubir!!, Celebrate the beginning of Boston Beer Week by coming in and drinking local! We offer Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's IPA, BBC Steel Rail & Saint of Circumstance IPA, Pretty Things Jack D'or, Sam Adams Boston Lager & Summer Ale, Ipswich Ale, & Narragansett tall boys, If you are a fan of The Regal Beagle come by our other restaurant on the Plymouth Waterfront Union Fish Seafood & Raw Bar!, http://mysecretboston.com/eat/sitcom-surprise, Come try a few new items on our cocktail, beer, & wine lists and drink local! 
Our Hemingway Daiquiri is made with Berkshire Mountain Distillers Ragged Mountain Rum and we now offer Pretty Things Jack D'or in 22oz bottles, null, Happy Mother's Day!  
Celebrate your Mom at the Beagle!  Brunch until 3pm, Dinner starts at 5!, Watch the Kentucky Derby with us and try one of our Derby cocktails created by Grant Anderson, Come try our Bloomin' Rita Margarita or a Michelada for Cinco de Mayo!, Thanks to Grant Anderson!!!, Culinary Director Laura Henry-Zoubir prepping for Chopped!, Hey Fans, please LIKE our next new restaurant Rye Tavern, Check it out!, New menu debuts tonight @The Regal Beagle Brookline!!, New menu debuting @The Regal Beagle Brookline!! Come in and check out our Spring treats!, null, Hey fans.. our restaurant in Plymouth Union Fish Seafood & Raw Bar is opening this Friday.. please like the page!, Chef Laura Henry-Zoubir just wrapped up taping Cooking w Costa for TV Diner... Pictures coming soon! :-), Meet our bartender The Regal Beagle Brookline!, Vote for us!!! O, Hey Fans... check out Union Fish Seafood & Raw Bar opening in April!, Yummy!!! Laura Henry-Zoubir's Mac and Cheese!, null, OMG Awesome!, Is this guy still single?!, Valentine's Day The Regal Beagle Brookline, Check out Culinary Director Laura Henry-Zoubir, Looks delicious! , Check out Laura Henry-Zoubir !, What is Chopped Champ Laura Henry-Zoubir going to whip up?, yayayay Laura Henry-Zoubir, Laura Henry-Zoubir is the Chopped Champion! , Laura Henry-Zoubir is the CHOPPED CHAMPION!!!!, T-Minus 1 hour!!!!, TONIGHT TONIGHT TONIGHT! Don't let the snow keep you in.... , Is Laura Henry-Zoubir the next Chopped Champ? Come to Church on 1.18 and find out!! , Is Laura Henry-Zoubir going to be crowned Chopped Champ?, Thanks Urbandaddy.com! Who thinks Laura Henry-Zoubir will win?
, Chopped Viewing Party at Church Restaurant & Nightclub, null, Is Laura Henry-Zoubir the next Chopped Champ?, How Laura Henry-Zoubir cures a hangover!!! , The Beagle Kitchen is open until Midnight tonight.  We still have some open tables for our 10:30 seating.  Come visit and stay for our complimentary champagne toast!, null, Christmas Eve The Regal Beagle Brookline , 
http://citybuzz.com/boston/the-regal-beagle-comfortable-neighborhood-restaurant, alternative to the same old Chinese food shtick, Latkes!!!, Behind the Knife with our Culinary Director Laura Henry-Zoubir, What does Laura Henry-Zoubir want for the Holidays?, Tune in on  Sunday, December 5, at 11am, on TV38- Phantom Gourmet is grilling our culinary director Laura Henry-Zoubir!!!, Day 2 of Hanukkah!, Hanukkah drinks!, 8 drinks of Hanukkah!!!, Yo Brookline Homies! When you meet up with all of your hometown friends for pre-Thanksgiving festivities tonight, come to The Regal Reunion.  Regal Reunion Drinks will remind you of the old days, but made with better booze. Try The "Sex at the Beagle" or The "Regal Island Iced Tea", Check out our Culinary Director Laura Henry-Zoubir on Fox Morning news!!, The Regal Beagle will be open for Beagle Brunch on Black Friday (11/26) from 11am to 3pm. Please come in to fuel up before shopping!, If Urbandaddy says so......, null, Dog Park debuts in Grubstreet!, LAST DAY TO VOTE!!!!! JUST DO IT!, Today is our ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY!  Can you believe it?  Thank You to all of you who have made this such a great, successful year!!!, It's Crunch Time!!! The polls may be closed elsewhere, but The Dig is open till the 5th!!! VOTE FOR US!, It's a great day for a Regal Rendezvous.  From 4 to 6pm, $5 appetizers, $5 fall spice sangria & $3 Narragansett Tall Boys.  Come check us out!, We appreciate the support... don't forget to vote!, Pumpkin Martini Anyone?!?!, Did you vote today?!!?!?, It's Monday... don't forget to vote for us!!! Link below!, Vote here!!!! Thanks everyone for your support!!!, Dig us? Vote for us!!!, Dig us?!?! If you do please vote for us to win the "BEST NEWCOMER" category!! We appreciate your support!, Hey All, we would appreciate the VOTE... so don't forget to VOTE for us!, The Regal Beagle is serving Beagle Brunch on Columbus Day; Monday 10/11, from 11am to 3pm. Come Visit and get a Beagle Juice to wash down your Huevos Rancheros!!, Thanks mysecretboston!!!, Pilates + Martinis = Pilatini's!!!, Who is coming by for the Regal Rendezvous?!?!?!, The Regal Beagle is serving Beagle Brunch on Labor Day; Monday 9/6 from 11am to 3pm.  Come Visit!!, Check out the Regal Rendezvous Menu from 4-6, 5 different apps for $5 each! Yummy!, Don't forget to check out our delicious menu from 4-6pm, 5-$5 apps and a few drinks taboot!, Check out the new Regal Rendezvous Menu!!!, New special Menu starting on Wednesday August 11!!! We will let you know about it on Monday!!!, It may be hot OUTSIDE, but it is cool inside The Regal Beagle.... NEW AC SYSTEM is up and running!, yummy Mac and Cheese!!!, Guess who Boston Magazine awarded as the Best Restaurant in Brookline!!!????!?!?!?!, Check out the SEXY COUGAR!!!!, null, Chefs in Shorts 2010 at Seaport... HERE WE COME!!!, Come visit us at the Seaport this Friday for Chefs in Shorts event!, Watch out for our Culinary Director-Laura Henry-Zoubir!!!, More lobster lovin!, National Lobster Day!, National Lobster Day- June 13!!!, null, null, Lunch at Beagle!, null, Check out this drink created by our very own Rich Murphy, it will help your hangover!, Sorry this is a little too late... but great brunch options... even on SATURDAYS!, Mother's Day Brunch at Beagle... come by and treat your mom!, Mother's Day Brunch at Beagle... come by and treat your mom!, Treat your Mom to some delicious Mother's Day Specials!, check out Executive Chef Laura show the viewers how to make delicious and easy gnocchi for Mother's Day., The Regal Beagle is now offering brunch on Saturdays and Sundays.  Check it out on Urban Daddy., null, Check us out!, null, Executive Chef Laura and GM Rich compete for best cupcakes! Everyone loved our chocolate lavender cupcakes!, Thanks Boston Magazine, come stop by anytime!, Thanks StuffBoston!, Dont forget to stop by at Chocolate Madness 2010 at the Cyclorama!, Lemon Puddin' Cake Executive Chef Laura Henry-Zoubir created for Boston Bakes!, null, null, http://tiny.cc/15kw1  We were nominated for best new restaurant!!!  Click on and Vote!!, null)