List(The One Trick That Will Allow To Change Habits Overnight:
http://ow.ly/VFULF  #newyear #newyou #changemanagement #leadership #know2grow, 7 Things New Managers Should Do In the First 6 Months - 
http://ow.ly/VFVzS  #business #management #industryinsights #know2grow, How to gain the 'absolute certainty' that makes LeBron James so confident
http://ow.ly/VFVsm  #leadership #confidence #know2grow, Great Millennial Leaders Don't Focus On Innovation, They Focus On Humility
http://ow.ly/VFVjO #business #management #insight #know2grow, Theres No Such Thing As Work/Life Balance For Entrepreneurs  
http://ow.ly/VFV9k ..or is there? #business #management #entrepreneurship, 3 Ways to Take Action inthe Face of Uncertainty
http://ow.ly/VFV01  #business #leadership #management #strategy #uncertainty #know2grow, Why Persistence Is the Real Key to Creativity
http://ow.ly/VFUSI  #business #management #leadership #creativity #innovation #know2grow, 5 Points of Wisdom the Wright Brothers Can Offer About Leading Big Change
http://ow.ly/VFUwI  #business #changemanagement #industrynews, 8 Tech Trends to Watch in 2016
http://ow.ly/VFUjE  #business #management #industrynews #techtrends, Ten deadly business strategy myths | New Leader...
http://ow.ly/VFU5d  #business #strategy #management #leadership #know2grow, Put the Employee Back in Employee Engagement - TalentCulture
http://ow.ly/VFTTE  #business #employees #management #culture #know2grow, 44 Phrases That Keep You Stuck In The Past  
http://ow.ly/VFTGJ  #business #changemanagement #industrytrends #productivity #know2grow, 5 Ways to Keep Your Cool, Even When You're Not Feeling It
http://ow.ly/VFTwh  #businesstips #management #leadershiplessons #know2grow, 5 Customer Experience Trends For 2016 - Video
http://ow.ly/VFTqa  #businesstrends #management #leadership #customers #know2grow, 7 Characteristics of Inspiring Leaders
http://ow.ly/VFTjR  #business #management #leadership #know2grow, 10 Great Apps Every Leader Needs to Be Effective
http://ow.ly/UORDa #socialmedia #techtrends #leadership #entrepreneurship #know2grow, From the Top Down: 4 Ways Leaders Can Shape a Positive Company Culture
http://ow.ly/UORyG  #leadership #management #entrepreneurship #culture, The 3 Biggest Ecommerce Trends to Keep Your Eye On
http://ow.ly/UOR5b  #techtrends #business #management #entrepreneurship #know2grow, Busting the 6 Myths of #Entrepreneurship
http://ow.ly/UZt6A #business #leadership #success, How to Avoid Pitfalls in Change Management Projects
http://ow.ly/UORII  #business #entrepreneurship #changemanagement #strategy4success, Google Introduces Young People to #Entrepreneurship, #Innovation & #Technology: http://ow.ly/UOQWj  #socialmedia #techtrends #know2grow, 7 Surprising Lessons About #Success Learned From Interviewing Over 65 Millionaires http://entm.ag/1PDZxzc #leadership #business #management, The 13 'Must-dos' to Include on Your Holiday Checklist: http://ow.ly/UOPVE  #entrepreneurship #holidayseason #mustdos #know2grow, LittleBits Founder: To Boost #Creativity, We Must Demystify Technology
http://ow.ly/UOQNF  #techtrends #entrepreneurship #tips4success, How to Reach Your Target Market on Facebook http://ow.ly/UOQDd  #socialmedia #marketing #entrepreneurship #management #strategy4success, When Setbacks Happen, Ask This Question: http://ow.ly/UOQtT #business #strategy #success #entrepreneurship #empowerment #know2grow, The Best Time to Take Action Is Now
http://ow.ly/UOQo8  #entrepreneurship #confidence #courage #business #strategies4success #know2grow, How One Entrepreneur Built a $36 Million DIY Powerhouse 
http://ow.ly/UORgk  #business #success #entrepreneurship #leadership #teamwork, 5 Innovations Changing Work as We Know It: http://ow.ly/UOQgJ  #business #innovation #leadership #management #techtrends #worklife, Record-Breaking E-Commerce Sales and an 11-Year-Old's Hot Startup
http://ow.ly/UOQSq  #entrepreneurship #inspiration #startups #success, Check out these inspirational quotes on Entrepreneurship: http://bit.ly/1j853fd #EntrepreneurialSpirit #Quotes #Business #Inspiration, A more in-depth analysis of Blue Ocean Strategy helpful for all types of business professionals and entrepreneurs:  http://landjwilliams.com/blue-ocean-strategy/, The metaphor of red and blue oceans describes the market universe.  Read through our presentation of how Blue Ocean Strategy helps entrepreneurs and business leaders grow business ventures., http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/249549?ctp=BizDev&src=Syndication&msc=Feedly, http://www.inc.com/jeff-haden/10-steps-to-start-a-business-while-keeping-your-full-time-job.html, http://www.inc.com/drew-hendricks/15-phrases-you-should-start-using-today-to-sound-more-professional.html, null, null, http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/08/11/this-is-how-to-motivate-creative-teams/, Wow!!! Thank You!!, Hi Everyone! Thank You for your support.  Please click on the link below or copy/paste in your browser.

https://therecipe.clickfunnels.com/optin2243221, The bakery will close today at 5 PM and tomorrow at 1 PM due to special events.

Thank you!, How sweet it is... Happy Valentines Day!, You're the icing on the cake!

Spread the love this Valentines Day with our delicious Red Velvet Cake. Call us at 330-836-CAKE to order all of your Valentines Day sweets for your sweetheart!, Sunday's are for football, chicken wings, and cupcakes! #SuperBowlSunday, Smile, it's #SelfieSaturday!

Post a picture of you and/or your friends enjoying our desserts for the chance to win a 1/2 dozen cupcakes from Baker Blvd. 

The rules are easy:
1. Buy your favorite dessert from Baker Blvd (Open Saturday's from 9am-6pm)
2. Take a picture of you and/or your friends enjoying the dessert
3. Post that picture on Facebook or Twitter tagging @BakerBlvd & using the hashtag #BakerBlvd

We will announce the winner on Monday!, #TBT Baker Blvd is throwing it back to our Olivia Pope inspired cupcakes in honor of the return of #Scandal tonight! #Popcorn #Coffee #Wine, Today on #SweetFitness, Wendi Porter from @PureBarreHudon has shared her inspiring story to a healthy lifestyle. Through many failed attempts, she finally found what works for her and she doesn't see herself ever leaving this fitness program. 

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/28/pure-barre-healthy-living/, Wake up and smell the cupcakes!, Today on our #SweetFitness Blog, we are happy to be featuring Jamie Grigas and his journey to a healthy lifestyle. Read about how he found motivation and how he changed his life for the better through #CrossFit.   

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/22/finding-motivation-through-crossfit/, TGIF! 

Shana Roth, yoga instructor at  Yoga Bliss Akron , is sharing her favorite daily yoga pose. Check out the #SweetFitness blog to see the perfect yoga pose for toning and trimming your core! 

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/daily-yoga-pose-that-tones-and-trims/, Baker Blvd is excited to be featuring friend and partner, D.C. Crenshaw, on the  #SweetFitness Blog this week. He is sharing his secrets that involve working out, discipline, and balance.

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/14/working-out-discipline-and-balance/, Let's Go Bucks!!, Join Maria Santoferraro and the rest of the Yoga Bliss Akron team for Bliss Day & Member Appreciation Party tomorrow, January 10. Yoga Bliss will be providing FREE yoga classes all day long!

Be sure stop by Baker Blvd to pick up your sweet treat before or after your free yoga session!

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/09/release-your-stress-with-the-power-of-your-breath/, 2015 is all about finding balance!

"...So when I eat that chocolate Salted Caramel Cupcake, I will eat it with intention and attention all the way down to last super yummy crumb without any guilt." - Juli Hicks, Yoga Bliss Akron Yoga Instructor

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/08/its-all-about-that-balance/, Birthday parties aren't complete without cupcakes. Celebrate your birthday with Baker Blvd! Call 330-836-CAKE to book your birthday party today!, "We want our customers and friends to know that they can treat themselves to sweets occasionally without completely ruining their quest for living a healthy lifestyle." -LaKisha Williams

Today, #SweetFitness is featuring a strength and cardio workout provided by Michelle Giancarli. It is the ultimate total body workout your Wednesday needs, and you can do it in the comfort of your own home!

Want to learn more about Michelle Giancarli and her journey to a healthy lifestyle? Her email is provided in the our #SweetFitness Blog.

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/07/total-body-workout-at-home/

Tomorrow on #SweetFitness - Yoga Bliss, Life gets in the way of working out, but Personal Trainer, Michelle Giancarli, has provided us with a workout you can do while on a time crunch. The sweetest thing about this workout is that you don't even need to leave your house! #SweetFitness

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/06/working-out-on-a-time-crunch/, We hope that everyone had a wonderful holiday season. Baker Blvd will go back to regular hours starting tomorrow! 
Tuesday-Friday: 8AM-6PM
Saturday: 9AM-6PM, We will be kicking off #SweetFitness today with Akron, Ohio Personal Trainer, Michelle Giancarli. 

At age 56, she has made health and fitness her passion and life. It is very common to become too "busy" to find time to work out. Michelle Giancarli shares her story and provides us with a workout that will kick start your Monday morning!

To learn more about Michelle Giancarli and her journey, please see Baker Blvd Blog.

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/2015/01/05/movement-with-purpose/, Baker Blvd would like to invite you to be a part of our Sweet Fitness Movement.

We want our customers and friends to know that they can treat themselves to sweets occasionally without completely ruining their quest for living a healthy lifestyle. We have asked some of the finest fitness and health industry professionals to present their insight and provide us with tips, tricks, meal plans and workouts you can do at home to kick off 2015 in a sweet and healthy way. 

Our new #SweetFitness Blog will kick off Monday, January 5, 2015. We hope you’ll join the Sweet Fitness movement!

https://bakerblvdblog.wordpress.com/, Happy New Year!

Thank you all for a great 2014. We truly appreciate your continued support and partnerships. We are looking forward to an exciting 2015!, Last minute holiday shopping? 

Baker Blvd is open on Christmas Eve from 8 AM - 12 PM. Be sure to pick up delicious sweat treats for the holidays and gift certificates for everyone on your shopping list!

Baker Blvd will be closed Christmas Day through Monday, January 5. We will reopen in the New Year on Tuesday, January 6 at 8 AM. 

We want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year!, We would like to invite all of LeBron James' Wheels for Ed kids into Baker Blvd today for a FREE holiday cookie! 
#WFE LeBron James Family Foundation #LJFF, Baker Blvd has group or corporate gift certificates available for purchase. Don't let the holiday season go by without giving the gift of sweet treats around the office! 

Baker Blvd Gift Certificates are customizable for every organization. Call Baker Blvd at 330-836-CAKE to place your order., With just one week left until Christmas, there is still time to purchase the perfect gift for everyone on your shopping list. Give the gift of sweet treats from Baker Blvd this year! Baker Blvd Gift Certificates are the sweetest gifts to give this holiday season. Stop in the bakery to pick up your gift certificates today!, Happy Holidays, LeBron James Family Foundation. We love you all and all that you do!

 #LJFF #WFE #AIPN, Baker Blvd had so much fun creating the new signature #Lexus cupcake for the launch of their new Lexus RC Coupe and Lexus NX at the Akron Art Museum today!, Baker Blvd is overwhelmed with love and support this holiday season. It has been the icing on top of such an amazing experience and we would like to take this opportunity to allow everyone the chance to feel like royalty. The box of cupcakes the royal couple received as a gift from LeBron James is available for purchase now!

LeBron James gave Prince William and Kate Middleton Just A Kid From Akron Cherry Cola and Home Court Chocolate Chunk, but each order can be customized with the flavors you love. 

Don't live in the Akron area? We now ship worldwide! Call Baker Blvd today to place your order 1-888-701-CAKE, LeBron James was the only player to meet Prince William and Kate Middleton after the Cavs vs Nets game last night. We are honored that the royal couple was greeted with Just A Kid From Akron Cherry Cola Cupcakes and Home Court Chocolate Chunk Cupcakes from Baker Blvd. LeBron James Family Foundation  #IPromise #LJFF, Red Velvet never tasted so good. Baker Blvd is ready for the Ohio State vs. Michigan game today!, Wishing you a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!, Winter is quickly approaching and Baker Blvd is teaming up with  RAKEAkron to bring warmth to those in Akron who need it most. 

Join us at Baker Blvd on Saturday, November 22 from 12PM-4PM as we collect blankets for Akron's #RAKE Team in the blanket drive. Stay for a great time with raffles, giveaways and cupcakes!

#RAKE stands for Random Acts of Kindness Everywhere. Here at Baker Blvd we want to help support their mission by supporting the community in a positive way. 

The #RAKE Blanket Drive is friendly city-to-city competition. Let's help Akron win the bragging rights by collecting the most blankets and helping the most people. #TeamAkron is on their way to reaching 5,000 blankets!, Thank you to everyone who came out today to support Girls on the Run of Greater Summit! 

Our specially made cupcakes for #GOTRGS were inspired by the beautiful girls who aspire to be joyful, healthy and confident. We hope that everyone enjoyed these cupcakes as much as we enjoyed supporting Girls on the Run. Embrace who you are and follow your dreams!, Thank you to everyone who signed up for Cupcakes Galore and More classes this week! Spots are all filled up, but don't worry, it is not your last chance to take these classes!

Baker Blvd will be having classes next Tuesday, November 4, 10AM-12PM and Wednesday, November 5, 6PM- 8PM. Classes are $25 per person.

To reserve your spot in next week's class, please call 330-836-CAKE or email bakerblvd@hotmail.com

Thanks!, Baker Blvd would like to invite all of our spooky friends and families for some Halloween fun!

Costumes and Cupcakes is this Thursday, October 30th from
4-5PM at Baker Blvd. Halloween arts and crafts, and cookie and cupcake decorating, will be provided for all kids, ages 2-10. 

Please call us at 330-836-CAKE or email us at bakerblvd@hotmail.com to register ($10 per child).

After Costumes and Cupcakes, head over to Summit Mall for Halloween Madness Mall Trick-or-Treat from 6-8PM!, Cupcakes, Galore and More!

Have you ever wanted to take baking classes? Baker Blvd is offering classes for just $25 to learn tips and tricks on baking delicious cupcakes with buttercream frosting and so much more!

Join us this Tuesday, October 28 from 10 AM- 12 PM and Wednesday, October 29 from 6 PM- 8 PM

Please reserve your spot in the class 24 hours prior.
Call us at 330-836-CAKE or email us at bakerblvd@hotmail.com

Thanks!, Starting tomorrow, October 20, 2014, Baker Blvd will have new bakery hours.

Monday: CLOSED
Tuesday-Friday: 8 A.M.-6 P.M.
Saturday: 9 A.M.-6 P.M.

To place an order for pick-up or delivery, please call 1-888-701-CAKE

Thank you!, We are in Chicago! 

Bright Pink, a national non-profit- organization, focuses on the prevention and early detection of breast and ovarian cancer in young woman while providing support for high-risk individuals. 

Join us TODAY, October 17 at Bow Truss Coffee Roasters in Chicago for a beautiful Bright Pink Cupcake created by Baker Blvd Decadent Cupcakes! The Bright Pink cupcake is a moist chocolate or vanilla cake with a delectable bright pink buttercream frosting to benefit Bright Pink., Gladiators, we just sold out of our Scandal Cupcakes. Be sure to pre-order yours for next weeks episode of Scandal next Thursday! Call us at 330-836-CAKE, Come support Woodland United Methodist Church Women's Association today from 4-6 PM. They will be selling delicious vanilla cupcakes with fall sprinkles! 

Woodland United Methodist Church, It's not #ScandalThursday without indulging in Olivia Pope's favorite things: coffee, wine and popcorn! Stop into Baker Blvd for your Olivia Pope inspired cupcakes for tonight's episode of #Scandal. Follow us on Twitter @Baker_Blvd and let us know which cupcake is your favorite!

https://twitter.com/baker_blvd, We walk a fine line between being human and being a gladiator. Come into Baker Blvd for some #Scandal and try our Olivia Pope inspired cupcakes. 

Olivia Pope's three favorite things are coffee, wine and popcorn. Those three things make for the most delicious flavored cupcakes to eat while getting #OhSoScandalous on Thursday nights.

To indulge in Olivia's love for coffee, we created a vanilla latte cupcake with espresso buttercream frosting.Her love for wine inspired a chocolate and blackberry cupcake with a brandy crunch, and to go with her love for popcorn, we created a chocolate caramel popcorn cupcake with salted peanuts.

Don't be without these cupcakes for the new episode on #ScandalThursday!, 67 days with no sugar, but on Bronny's birthday LeBron James enjoys Red Velvet cupcakes from Baker Blvd!  #JustACupcakeFromAkron #HometownCupcakes, Running a marathon burns about 2,500 calories or roughly 20 cupcakes…come grab your Akron Marathon Blue Line Cupcake at Baker Blvd!, What's new at Baker Blvd?

Follow the Blue Line into Baker Blvd to try our limited time only Akron Marathon Blue Line Cupcakes. 

This is a chocolate cupcake with a creamy peanut butter buttercream frosting, topped with peanut granola and chocolate drizzle... a treat the whole team can enjoy!, We had the most wonderful time giving our cupcakes to the world (or just northeast ohio ). Beautiful #RAKE, thanks Rickonia!, Having a great time handing out 365 cupcakes all over Northeast Ohio! 27 dozen to go!, Check out our radio interview with Vivian Goodman from Kent State University!, We are celebrating our 1st Anniversary at Baker Blvd and we would surely LOVE IT if you could join us in the fun - Sunday, August 17 from 1-4:00!!!, So awesome to see the amazing work of the #LJFamFoundation and Nicole Curtis from Rehab Addict!, So glad to be involved with the NABJ! Enjoy!, In case you missed it, meet the family behind Baker Blvd Cupcakes! #LeBronCupcakeDelivery
https://twitter.com/baker_blvd/status/494166396881076224, null, Had a wonderful time with Fox 8 this morning! They are so sweet!, Good Morning! We're at Fox 8, Had a blast with Revere Football Team! Thanks for stopping by!, Special thanks to Scott Taylor for stopping by the bakery today! Please take a look at the live footage!, Now everyone knows why we were so busy yesterday!, null, Be sure to catch Baker Blvd on FOX 8 this afternoon/evening!, We've partnered with the LeBron James Family Foundation to create the Home Court Chocolate Chunk cupcake! Half of the proceeds from this cupcake benefit the LeBron James Family Foundation! Stop by and show your support: 2890 Sand Run Pkwy. , Suite C, Fairlawn, OH, 44333 
#IPROMISE, We are "OFFICIALLY" tired after a super exciting day at Baker Blvd! Watch for more news from us tomorrow :), FB Friends, we are making a few slight adjustments to our hours for the Summer. The new schedule will be as follows:
Mondays - Closed (starting July 7)
Tuesday & Wednesday - 9-6:00
Thursday, Friday & Saturday - 9-7:30
In addition, we will have shortened hrs THIS Sat. from 9-1:00 to allow us to prepare for a big event. 
We will also be closed on July 4th to allow our team to spend the holiday with their families :)
Thanks so much & stay "tuned" for exciting news for our 1st birthday celebration coming in August!!!, Stop in today from 9-5:00 to support the Ohio Mission Team from Faith Church. "Save the Whirled" cupcakes are yummy - and doggy approved :), Join us this Saturday (June 21) in support of the "Ohio Mission Team" from Faith Church. A portion of the proceeds from each "Save the Whirled" cupcake sold will be donated to help the team in their rebuilding/assistance efforts in Appalachian areas of southern Ohio. Help us make life a bit SWEETer for others!, Only 5 days left to vote!!! If you've not gotten the chance, please visit the link below and vote for us as your "Favorite Bakery" and "Favorite Cupcake!" All of our Facebook friends could put us in 1st Place!!! Help make OUR Life a bit sweeter by showing the love :) 

 Http://akron.cityvoter.com/baker-blvd-decadent-cupcakes-and-desserts/biz/675872, Our yummy pushpops make super FUN desserts for your graduation parties, baby showers, birthday parties, weddings - any special event! We can even make them with a layer of ice cream - doubly delicious! Life's SWEET..., Cake Lovers... we'll be up bright & early baking all of your yummy, ooey-gooey, "eat in the car with your fingers" favorites :) Red Velvet, Lemon Blueberry, Coconut Pineapple and yes, the "diva"... German Chocolate. Come see us before they're gone!, We are open today from 9-2:00! Come see us to get your super yummy cookout goodies! Red, White & Blue Cupcakes, Amazing Cakes by the Slice, Brownies & LOTS more. #SummerIsHere, The bakery is stocked full with super yummy goodies for your holiday get togethers! Open today 'til 5:30 and Monday 9-2:00. Happy Memorial Day :), Join us tomorrow (Sat., May 24) from 9-5:00 to support the American Cancer Society through the Highland Community "Relay for Life" Team (led by our very own Jenny D.!).  We're baking up lots of our yummy vanilla cupcakes with purple and white swirled frosting just for the occasion.  A percentage of each cupcake sold goes back to the team!, #tbt with a sweet twist! "Throw back" a few cupcakes for half the price at Baker Blvd on Thursdays from 6-7:30! (Buy one cupcake, second is half price; buy two, next two are half price; etc...), Facebook Friends, We are looking for someone to help us keep "Life SWEET" at Baker Blvd! Part-time help needed on Saturdays and for special events. The perfect person will be SUPER friendly, have an awesome attitude & be a great team player (must be at least 18 yrs of age.) Stop by the bakery to fill out an application :), And now a story from our loyal customers... "Once upon a time a man moved his wife to a place called Guilford.  This caused them to have to go into the "big city" for certain things, like Sam's Club, church and good ice cream.  The area around Guilford grew and grew until they had to go to the big city for less and less. Until one day the wife brought home cupcakes and baklava.  Now the man makes the couple go to the big city just for cupcakes!!"
We luv ya David & Melissa, and you too Bailey (will try some puppy cakes soon!) :), Dropping off goodies at your nominated small business - Blue Door Cafe! This delivery definitely had it's "perks!" Thanks for the YUMMY lunch :), "So.... I was thinkin' we put on our boots, ignore this rain and go sneak ourselves a yummy treat at Baker Blvd!!!", In celebration of Small Business Week 2014, we're asking YOU to nominate your favorite Akron/Fairlawn small business to receive a SWEET delivery of one dozen cupcakes on Friday, May 16! Let us know the name of your nominee via social media before 7:30 p.m. on Thursday, May 15.  #SBW2014, As a special thank you to our loyal voters who voted for Baker Blvd. on Akron-Canton Hotlist for BEST Bakery AND Cupcakes, we're offering a $10 for $20 worth of Classic Cupcakes with Buttercream Frosting deal! It's not too late to vote and take advantage of this limited time offer. :) Vote here: http://akron.cityvoter.com/baker-blvd-decadent-cupcakes-and-desserts/biz/675872, To all of you who make lives... happier, safer, healthier, "gigglier", yummier, (cleaner!) and just plain filled with LOVE, we wish you a "Happy Mommies Day!" Enjoy the day with your babies - big or little! Life sure is SWEET :), Welcome Stewart's Caring Place Walkers & Supporters! We've got a supper yummy vanilla cupcake w/fluffy purple and green buttercream frosting waiting just for you today! There's a sunny lemon middle filled with "HOPE!" A portion of the sales goes back to Stewart's Caring Place :), LJFF Friends, We're so happy you enjoyed our "response!" Can't wait to get to work... Together we ABSOLUTELY will change the world AND make it sweeter :), This Saturday from 12-4:00, we are proud to partner with the Minerva Fund of Akron — a charitable arm of Delta Sigma Theta Inc., Akron Alumnae chapter — for a fundraiser in support of the Fund's housing campaign. We are excited to debut their "Divalicious” chocolate/strawberry/cream cheese cupcake!, Mother's Day is THIS Sunday! Order your goodies for your Moms and make her life a little sweeter! Please be sure to call us at #330-836-CAKE by Wednesday at 5:00 to guarantee a Saturday pick-up :), Our Newest creation... Margarita Lime Cupcakes - 
A sweet, salty, FUN treat for your Cinco de Mayo celebrations! Available on Monday!!! La vida es dulce :), Had a blast with our family, the LeBron James Family Foundation, and #WFEKids last night! Here's a recap...

I PROMISE To Try New Things: A Trip To Baker Blvd.
Smiles come in all shapes and sizes, and yet there is a special smile that only an eight-year-old can flash. It's a smile that comes from doing something they wouldn't normally be allowed to do or be exposed to, yet in that moment, they are doing it anyway. Say, for instance, hand baking gummy worm, pixie dust, Milky Way, Snickers, M&M's, rainbow sprinkled cookies.

LeBron found his love for basketball when he was exposed to the game at a young age. Surrounded by caring mentors, passionate coaches, and loyal teammates, LeBron's love for the game evolved into a passion. At the Foundation, LeBron has charged us to expose his Wheels for Ed kids to a diverse and unique set of opportunities. The latest of these experiences was a trip to our fantastic friends and partners at Baker Blvd. (home of the famous Just A Kid From Akron: Cherry Cola Cupcake).

LaKisha and her team rolled out the Baker Blvd. red carpet for our kids! Shutting down the store for the evening, Baker Blvd. welcomed the Foundation Team and seven of our Wheels for Ed students from Rimer CLC, their parents, and their principal, Mrs. Cacioppo.

After washing their hands and donning an apron and a chef's hat, our kids rolled up their sleeves and dove right into baking. After a short lesson from LaKisha, our kids energetically moved into PROMISE Baker mode. Although LaKisha and her staff never baked a gummy worm cookie before, that did not stop them from letting our kids give it a try.

With one eye on their parents and another on their toppings, LeBron's PROMISE Bakers concocted their wildest cookie and cupcake fantasies. To no one's surprise, our Wheels for Ed kids did a fantastic job in the kitchen and created some delicious treats.

The Foundation would like to extend a special thank you to LaKisha, Jason, and the entire Baker Blvd. Team!, Akron-Canton HOT LIST voting starts today. We would love your support! http://akron.cityvoter.com/baker-blvd-decadent-cupcakes-and-desserts/biz/675872, Life sure is SWEET with the #WFEKids and .@LJFamFoundation at .@baker_blvd, They're back! "Just a kid from Akron... cherry cola cupcake" #IPROMISE bands at .@Baker_Blvd! Limited time - get them while they last! 50% of all proceeds continue to go to the .@LJFamFoundation Wheels for Education Program!, Show gratitude to the person who crosses your "t's" and dots your "i's" with a #cupcake for Administrative Professionals Day!, "Our girl" Wendy drove 45 minutes to deliver our newest #ridiculouslygood creation, Wansas Tequila margarita lime cupcakes to DC Crenshaw! Thx DC for the scrumptious idea! Life's SWEET (& a bit salty!), Our friend, .@Debra Adams Simmons, editor of the .@Plain Dealer, stopped by to get Easter cakes, pushpops and more for her family! Thanks Debbie :), Food Network Judge/Emmy Nominated Creator, Producer and Co-Host of Game Time Dine/All-Around Great Guy - DC Crenshaw and his beautiful family made a visit Baker Blvd. today. So happy to kick off their family Easter celebration with some sweet treats! Thx DC Crenshaw!, Best way to get through the end of your day…red velvet, lemon blueberry, and cookie dough cake-in-a-jar with our friends at the University Hospitals Pediatrics Specialty Dept., ATTN: #Gladiators! It's Thursday…bring home our new Olivia Popecorn #cupcake for your #Scandal watch party!, Baker Blvd. treated the staff at Summit Mall Build-A-Bear to #cupcakes!  #givingTuesday #RAKE, Did you know that you can celebrate your Birthday with Baker Blvd.? Stop in to pick up a flyer! Birthdays aren't complete without #cupcakes! :), So excited to announce our new EXTENDED hours! Thursday & Friday 8-7:30, Saturday 9-7:30. More time to make your "life SWEET!" :), Calling all #Gladiators! We're recruiting Shonda Rhimes and #Scandal fans to try our Java #cupcake at Baker Blvd.! We know Olivia Pope can't live without coffee, red wine, and popcorn! Look forward to the next two scandalous cupcake flavors on 4/10 and 4/17. :), #Easter is three weeks away! .@Baker_Blvd wants you to have a decadent dessert after dinner. Order your #cake today!, It all started in December 2012… the LeBron James Family Foundation staff are #cupcake enthusiasts who love our treats!  #TBT, You mean Mrs. Case doesn't live at Hudson Montessori School? So excited to see her at Baker Blvd.!, Wendy's Wed. Baking Tip #1: Have fun! The kitchen is a great place to relax! #WendysWisdom #WisdomWednesday, Our newest creation Baker Blvd.  Italian Cream Cake…delizioso! #cake #cupcakes #Italian, Setting up Baker Blvd. "Just A Kid From Akron" Cherry Cola #cupcakes for #PROMPromise!, Are you a coffee lover? Try .@nervousdog coffee at Baker Blvd. with a biscotti or #cupcake!, How many I PROMISE wrist bands are left? 27! Get your "Just A Kid From Akron" Cherry Cola #cupcake today!, Afternoon slump? Stop by Baker Blvd. for a Samoa, Chocolate Salted Caramel, or Snickerdoodle #cupcake!, Debating about where to have lunch? Try Baker Blvd. for a tasty sandwich and #cupcake!, Sharing our yummy Lemon Blueberry Cake at The Lauren Audrey Braman Memorial Chili Cook Off and Dessert Bake Off at Copley HS :), And here we are at the beautiful new offices of the Cleveland Plain Dealer! Hope you enjoyed your Push Pops! I love your style @DAdamsSimmons, WOW! 1000 cherry cola cupcakes yesterday and 1000 "Likes" today! We are certainly doing our happy dance here at Baker Blvd :) Thanks SO much for your amazing support!, Today we sold our 1000th "just a kid from akron... cherry cola cupcake!" We are so thrilled and humbled by our partnership with the Lebron James Family Foundation (and all that it stands for!) AND for all the new friends we have made over the past two weeks! Life's SWEET :), Homemade butterscotch pie (by the slice) on Tuesday - after noon, until they're gone! Trust us, they won't last long..., Hmmmm.... Decisions, Decisions! What to make today??? We've got beautiful lemons so more lemon blueberry for sure and, our German Chocolate (for her adoring fans!). What else... any ideas?, Our "just a kid from akron... cherry cola cupcakes" bring out the smiles in kids everywhere!, We just sold our 500th "Just a Kid From Akron" cherry cola cupcake!, We thought we had 2 mini helpers.....but they took the cookies and ran!, Our friends from the Lebron James Family Foundation stopped by to get their "just a kid from akron..." cherry cola cupcakes! Huge thanks to everyone who has stopped by to show their support! We'll keep baking :), "Just a Kid from Akron"......is finally here!
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/jewell-cardwell-lebron-cupcake-makes-its-debut-helps-other-kids-from-akron-1.470636, "just a kid from akron..."  Shhhhhhh..., Hope Everyone's Having a Great Saturday! Special thanks to Mrs. Case for suggesting this post!
#bakerblvd, Ahhhh yes, our German Chocolate cake... We lovingly refer to her as the "Diva!" She is a gooey, luscious, mess of a cake and she takes forever to prepare but, she certainly has fans lining up just for a slice :) Will have one tomorrow (Tues) after noon!, Sharing our goodies in celebration of "Random Acts of Kindness Everywhere" day in Cleveland. Watch for more ways YOU can help us share the love :) #RAKE, Happy Valentines Day! We have lots of sweet treats including scrumptious chocolate covered strawberries!, Providing a little after show treat for the amazingly talented dancers from the Dance Theatre of Harlem!  Special thanks to YEPAW for choosing Baker Blvd. Decadent Desserts. Life's SWEET (and beautiful!)., Need the perfect gift for your Sweetie for Valentines Day? Take a peek at our gift packages! We'll even deliver to local businesses for a sweet surprise :), Stop by for our first school fundraising event THIS Saturday! 15% of all sales, PLUS $1 from each of our "Sprinkled with Faith" cupcakes, will go directly back to our friends at Faith Preschool! Cupcakes & Kiddos - doesn't get much better than that :), What day is it?


http://youtu.be/eYpWmrTUz3Q 
, #gooeygoodness, We're excited to partner with Pam's Posies and White Pond Paradise Spa 
to offer beautiful packages for Valentines Day that include all of your favorites...
Relaxing spa treatments, beautiful flowers and scrumptious treats!!!  Choose from our options or CREATE YOUR OWN customized gift! Call #330.836.CAKE for more information. Make Life SWEET for your Sweetie!, We know everyone's excited for the Superbowl, but you have to draw the line some where, Hey guys, thanks so much for coming out to visit us yesterday for our "Customer Appreciation Day!" Here's a lovely email we received from one of our customers, Darlene Walker. Thanks so much for your support!, Happy "Customer Appreciation Day!" First lunch order placed today receives a yummy sweet treat box! Don't forget BOGO sandwiches too! Order at #330.836.CAKE, null, Friends,
As a way of saying a great big "THANK YOU," we are having a Customer Appreciation Day this Friday, January 31!  Join us for...
FREE Coffee all day & Scrumptious Samples,
Special $1 cupcakes (while they last!),
BOGO sandwiches (from 11:30-1:00),
& Yummy giveaways - Be sure to watch FB!, Hut, Hut, Hike... who's ready for Super Bowl Sunday? Keep us in mind for yummy sandwich ideas for the big game.  Sandwich platters customized to fit your taste buds!, You've been asking... cookie cakes now available! Can be personalized or topped with yummies :) Order now for special heart shaped cookie cakes for Valentines!, Warm up your day with a little bit of bubbly fun - our strawberries and champagne cupcake! Get one while they last! A perfect Valentine treat for your sweetie - order today :), Need a taste of summer?  We have coconut cake with pineapple filling! Come get a slice of sunshine while it lasts :), Happy New Year to all of our wonderful friends! This first day of the new year has brought some changes our way!  We have packed up our kiosk for the season, but rest assured, you will see it's return for the holidays! We are excited to concentrate all of our efforts & creativity on our beautiful, full-scale bakery. If you've not stopped in yet, please do! We're located just a minute or two from the mall at 2890 Sand Run Pkwy (corner of Sand Run and Merz). We are closed today (Jan. 1) for the holiday, but will be open tomorrow with lots of yummy goodies to kick off your new year in sweet style :) Happy 2014! Jason and LaKisha and all your friends from Baker Blvd, Merry Christmas to all of our friends from everyone here at Baker Blvd. We wish you a beautiful day filled with family, love & joy!, Sprinkles is putting the final touches on all of our holiday goodies! Don't forget a cookie, or cupcake, for Santa tonight :) Merry Christmas Eve from your friends at Baker Blvd., We are open Monday (8-6) and Tuesday (8-5) for your last minute sweet treats!, Red Velvet Cheesecakes - Get them before they're gone :) Have a beautiful weekend!, Catch the Gingerbread Man on one of our scrumptious gingerbread cupcakes.  Frosted with our fluffy (just a hint of maple) vanilla buttercream.  Life's SWEET :), Our elves were busy making lots of jars for some of our friends today. It's not too late to order yours for Christmas!, "Sugared Cranberry Dreams" - our newest creation!  Chocolate or Vanilla cupcake filled with amazing cranberry compote topped with our vanilla buttercream and a sugared cranberry. Available for a limited time by order only.  A delicious taste of the season!, Our Cinnamon Pecan Coffee Cake would be super yummy on Christmas morning!, How could red velvet get any better you ask? Give it a perfect crust with yummy pecans and a layer of delicious cheesecake underneath. Yummy yummy in your tummy :) Life's SWEET!, Looking for a perfectly yummy gift?  Let our elves fill a gift basket with super scrumptious treats! You choose the size, tell us how you want it filled, and we'll do the rest! Sure to make the holidays SWEET :), Apparently our silly elf chose his own name... This is how we found him this morning :) SPRINKLES it is!  We hope that he's a helpful little guy in the kitchen!!!, Our scrumptious Jingle Jars make perfect gifts! Order them in any of our cupcake flavors to make "Life Sweet" for your family & friends., Hi friends! I decided that Baker Blvd would be a WONDERFUL place to visit for the holidays! I'm hoping that since I helped a little with decorating they might share some sweet treats with me :) Be on the lookout for me at the bakery and maybe even the kiosk! I love to bake!!! Also, I need a name... any suggestions?, Baker Blvd. Decadent Cupcakes
Black Friday Special - Ends Monday!
Save Up To $35 

$15 off $50
$25 off $75
$35 off $100

Please call 888-701-CAKE or email bakerblvd@hotmail.com to place your order!
Life's SWEET!, On this day of Thanksgiving, we are very grateful for the support of old and new friends alike! We hope you are having a fantastic day surrounded by family and friends filled with love, laughter, wonderful food and, of course, scrumptious desserts :). Life certainly is SWEET!, Help us celebrate our First Birthday - stop by the kiosk or bakery and say "Happy Birthday" (we won't make you sing but, if you're so inclined, belt it out!) and you'll get one of our yummy birthday cupcakes for just $1!  Life's SWEET..., Looks like we have some "spicy customers!"  Although both were claimed to be "delicious," our spiced pumpkin pie won over our classic pumpkin with a vote of 24-11.  The winners for our Thanksgiving Pie raffle are, drum roll please.... Eileen (classic) and Jodi (spiced)!  We will contact our winners via email.  Thanks to all those who "got out the vote!"  Life's SWEET!, Pumpkin Pie Tasting starts in 45 mins at our kiosk in Summit Mall.  Don't forget to order your holiday pies and cakes while you're there!!, Tomorrow (Friday) is voting day at our kiosk in Summit Mall and we need your help!  Come out between 12:15 and 1:00 and vote for your favorite pumpkin pie (by tasting of course!) - classic pumpkin OR spiced pumpkin. All voters will be entered into a drawing for a free pumpkin pie AND a delicious taste of our famous Red Velvet cake.  Get out the vote friends :)  Life's SWEET!, It's the Baker Blvd "voting day" at the kiosk on Friday!  Stay tuned..., Whew! What a fantastically busy week - photo shoot with our "diva" red velvet cake :), 150 pushpops for the Cleveland Plain Dealer on voting day, Tasting Party for the wonderful teachers and families of Hudson Montessori School to kick-off their Holiday Fundraiser with us, our weekly order for our friends at Nervous Dog Coffee Shops, a Red Velvet cake donated to the Highland Foundation benefit and 30 beautiful dessert platters for the Habitat for Humanity dinner at Portage Country Club.  Thank you so much to all of the coordinators of these events for choosing Baker Blvd!  Now... we need a little cat nap :)  Life's SWEET!, Don't forget to order your holiday cakes!, Congratulations Ann Shriner with your guess of 1838, which was 100 away from today's random number of 1738! You've won today's push pops! Please feel free to pick up from Baker Blvd's kiosk at Summit Mall (near Macy's) or make arrangements via email bakerblvd@hotmail.com thanks everyone for playing and don't worry if you didn't win this time around, there's more fun contest to come! , We made extra push pops for a football party today. So it's time to GIVE AWAY these yummy push pops in today's guessing game!
Guess a number between 222 and 2222 and post it below! Closest guess can stop by and pick up the push pops from the kiosk at Summit Mall today after 5pm or tomorrow. 
Guessing ends at 5pm (EST). One guess per person. Good luck!!, Scary Mummies, Wide-Eyed Cats, Flying Ghosts & Spiky Monsters.  You'll find all these and more Ghoulish Goblins at our kiosk today and everyday until Halloween.  Stop by and get them by the single or dozen :)  Life's SWEET, even when it's a little spooky!  BOO :), Come and see these wonderful Halloween cupcakes today and be sure to place your order!!, Helping Macy's celebrate their Homecoming event with some scrumptious, sparkly treats!  Life's SWEET!, Cupcakes, Pushpops & More for the Lebron James Foundation's Akron Marathon celebration.  Who needs carbs when you can have cupcakes :)  Life's SWEET!, 200 super YUMMY pushpops for the Hudson Montessori School Clambake.  We can do our pushpops in pretty much any cupcake flavor and you can use our pushpop stand as well!  Great for any event :)  Life's SWEET!, Come get your Sweetest Day sweets from us!, Special Sweetest Day cupcakes at the kiosk tomorrow - chocolate or vanilla cupcakes with our deliciously simple vanilla buttercream, red crystal sprinkles and a candy heart. Get one for your sweetie!  Life's SWEET :), A HUGE thank you to the ladies of Delta Sigma Theta Akron Alumnae Chapter!!, A glimpse into our Holiday menu today. We have a chocolate cranberry tart that is absolutely delicious!! We only made one, so don't miss out!!, Last taste of summer...vanilla cake w/lemon cream cheese frosting! Will leave you wanting more!!, Tomorrow: cinnamon pecan coffee cake, pumpkin bars and our newest cake creation - sweet potato cake with brown sugar frosting (inside the THREE layers), frosted with our delicious  cream cheese frosting and then drizzled with more brown sugar and candied pecans.  Get it while you can!  Life's SWEET :), null, null, When you work at a bakery, mistakes can be yummy!!  All of our favorite cupcakes in one!  This gem has a chewy brownie baked on the bottom of a delicious chocolate cupcake that is topped with chocolate chip cookie dough before being baked.  It is finished off with a chocolate/vanilla swirl buttercream frosting, drizzled with rich chocolate sauce and topped with a milky way and a piece of brownie brittle!  Don't miss out on these beauties!!, "Spank" event at Akron Civic Center, Paleo Chocolate Chip Coconut Cookies available today!  Gluten-free and delicious!!, We had a fantastic time at the "Spank" (50 Shades) event last night at the beautiful Civic theatre! Was great sharing our yummy delights and making new friends!  Seemed like everyone had an awesome evening :)  Life's SWEET!, Freshly baked pumpkin muffins & pumpkin scones waiting to kick-off your morning tomorrow :)  Life's SWEET!, What's baking tomorrow... 
Prairie Harvest Muffins - whole wheat flour, carrots, raisins, pecans, coconut. A great way to start your morning!  Also this week - pumpkin muffins and delicious scones.  Life's SWEET!, Today we made Butterscotch Pie, individual Apple Crisp "Tarts" & Nut Horns!  What are you having for dessert?  We're open for another hour :)  Life's SWEET!, "Fall 4 Us" with our four favorite cupcakes for Fall!  At the bakery & kiosk TOMORROW.  Don't miss out!  Life's SWEET :), Favorite Fall flavor #3 - Pumpkin cupcake with pumpkin pie filling and cream cheese frosting (buttercream at kiosk) AND #4 - Fall spice cupcake topped with maple buttercream frosting and candied bacon!  Life's SWEET!, Favorite Fall flavor #2 - Sweet Potato Cupcake made with freshly baked sweet potatoes, warm seasonal spices and candied pecans topped with our yummy brown sugar frosting.  All Fall flavors coming to the bakery (and kiosk) this Monday!  Life's SWEET :), Just 4 days until we introduce our "Fall 4 Us" menu!  It's our favorite 4 flavors for Fall!  Flavor #1 - Apple Cobbler Cupcake baked with perfectly tart, fresh apples topped with our super fluffy vanilla bean frosting.  It's the cupcake version of apple pie & ice cream :)  Life's SWEET!, Snickerdoodle cupcakes at both locations on Monday :)  Scrumptious vanilla cupcakes baked with cinnamon and sugar topped with cinnamon buttercream frosting and raw sugar & cinnamon.  Life's SWEET!, Yummy Coconut Cake!!  Someone is going to have a delicious birthday!!, Come see us tomorrow night for the "Ladies Night Out" at Summit Mall.  All your favorites cupcakes, samples & giveaways!  Chocolate w/Pink Buttercream, Chocolate w/fluffy Peanut Butter, Chocolate w/Milky Way frosting and filling, Vanilla Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough & our beautiful Wedding Cupcakes.  Plus our delicious cookies and brownies!  We hope to see you all there!, We can do anything!! Check out these tennis themed cupcakes.  Have a certain theme in mind? Let us help you bring it to life!!, This week, start your morning with a good strong cup of "Nervous Dog" coffee and one of our breakfast treats:  "Cinnful" Brown Sugar Pecan Coffee Cake, Apple Cinnamon or Prairie Harvest Muffins.  Life's SWEET!, At the bakery on Saturday:  All of our yummiest - peanut butter, vanilla & chocolate salted caramel, candy bar, chocolate coconut, coconut, chocolate chip cookie dough, buttercream favorites and LOTS of the best red velvet you've ever tasted!  Life's SWEET!, At the kiosk this weekend: (a fan favorite) chocolate peanut butter, brownie bliss, candy bar, salted caramel (both vanilla & chocolate), our buttercream favorites and some sparkly pink buttercream for little (or big) princesses :)  Life's SWEET!, Three fun new flavors introduced this week at both the kiosk and the bakery.  Each are a chocolate lover's dream!  Brownie Bliss - a fudgy brownie baked on the bottom of our deliciously moist chocolate cupcake, topped with chocolate buttercream and brownie brittle; Candy Bar - chocolate cupcake with a midnight milky way nestled in the middle, topped with vanilla buttercream, swirls of dark chocolate and caramel and a candy bar triangle: Double Stuff - chocolate cupcake filled with rich, dark chocolate, topped with white buttercream with crushed oreo cookies.  Stop and see us before they're gone :), If you are or know someone who is a firefighter...let them know that tomorrow only, they receive half off of their entire order at our Sand Run location.  We are open 8am-7pm.  Stop in and get some goodies!!, Our doors will be closed in observance of Labor Day tomorrow. Regular hours resume on Tuesday., Tomorrow's holiday hours will be from 9am-noon. Regular hours will commence on Tuesday., This just in.....limited quantities of Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough available today. Don't miss out!!, Special today @ Sand Run only.....Dulce de Leche!!, In honor of National Hug Your Boss day...if you come into our Sand Run location before 7pm, and say "I Love My Boss!", you get half off!!, Today only...bring your business card in to us at our Sand Run location and receive half off!! Don't miss out!!, Let us do all the hard work for your next event.  Catering now available at Baker Blvd!!, We now offer catering services!!  Give us a call @ 330-836-CAKE!!, We will be at the Farmers Market @ Sharon Center from 1-4 today selling our coveted jar cupcakes!! Come out and see us!!, Today is the day folks!! GRAND OPENING from 9-3. Lots of goodies and giveaways all day. Bring the kids and they can decorate their own cupcake! 93.1 & 94.9 on site. We're excited to see everyone today!!, Grand Opening Tomorrow!!  Saturday, August 10th 2013.  9am-3pm.  WZAK and WQMX will be on site at our Sand Run location.  Give-aways and prizes ALL DAY!!  Come on out and see us!!!!!!!!, The first 3 people to come into our Sand Run location and say "Hungry Hungry Hippos" gets a BOGO cupcake!!, We regret to inform you that we will not be at the Farmers Market @ Sharon Center today. Please check back for more updates and future events., Today only: All cupcakes are $1 @ the kiosk in Summit Mall!!, Our doors will be open tomorrow at the new location for all of you out there with a sweet tooth!  Come on by and see us!!, Congratulations Katie Barber, Crystal Anne Weekly and Charlene Kloss!!  You may pick up your 2 free cupcakes anytime this week at 2890 Sand Run Pkwy!!, The next 3 people to follow us on Twitter and/or Instagram will receive 2 free cupcakes!!  You will receive notification if you are a winner.  Cupcakes can be picked up tomorrow at our new location: 2890 Sand Run Pkwy!!, Baker Blvd. is thrilled to be a part of the Sharon Center Farmers Market starting this Sunday 1-4pm! Please come see us., We're so excited to say that we are now on Instagram (BakerBlvd) and Twitter (@baker _blvd)!! If you don't want to miss any of our exciting updates or delicious pictures, please follow us!!, Missy Schreiner and Sheila Bazan congrats on being Baker Blvds. Facebook Friday winners!!!! Please stop by our kiosk in Summit Mall to pick up your 6 FREE cupcakes!!!! Today-Sunday!!! Enjoy!, Chocolate Cookie Crumble....., Yellow Coconut......, CONGRATULATIONS Sherri Marina, Danielle Cadnum, Erica Antoniotti, Jeffrey Haag, Amanda Harner, and Amy Crandall. You are Baker Blvds. SIX winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime Saturday - Sunday to claim your treat., Happy Monday!!! Like this post and be entered to win a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Place your orders now at 888-701-CAKE for your Fourth of July parties!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Marvin Henderson, Susie Gambaccini, Sharon Williams, and David Haller. You are Baker Blvds. FOUR winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime from now through Sunday, 6/30/13, to claim your treat., Place your orders at (888) 701-CAKE. We are taking large orders on all flavors for graduation parties, baby showers, wedding showers, baseball parties. Don't forget the Push Pops stay cool on ice for pool parties!!!, Like our page and be entered to win a free sweet treat this weekend!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Lynn Swoope and Marianne Manochhio! You are Baker Blvds. winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime from now through Sunday, 6/23/13, to claim your treat., CONGRATULATIONS Abby Schreiner, Christy Folden, Melissa Scott, Rick Pawlak, Veronica Andrews, and Nicole Meikle! You are Baker Blvds. SIX winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime from now through Sunday, 6/16/13, to claim your treat., LIKE Baker Blvd. this week for your chance to be a Facebook Friday winner!!!, Join Baker Blvd. tomorrow, Friday, 6/7/13 between 12-1 pm to Spread Some Kindness in the community. Receive a free treat from Baker Blvd. as an act of kindness from us to you. See you tomorrow at noon!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Duane Carter, Crystal Weekly, Jessica Wallace, Tammie Grimmett Bliss, Nairmeen Haller, and Karlise Starr Brown! You are Baker Blvds. SIX winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime from now through Sunday, 6/2/13, to claim your treat., Don't forget to like Baker Blvd. this week so you can be a Facebook Friday winner!!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Merry Spoljaric Gale, Angelina Michaels, Nicole Lowe, Connie Gergel, Sheila Bazan, and Selena Brown! You are Baker Blvds. SIX winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime from now through Sunday, 5/26/13, to claim your treat., Push pops and Mason Jars are a great way to put your favorite cupcakes into a cooler of ice for this coming weekend. OR, if you can display your dessert inside... cupcakes are great too!!!
Please call to place your order. 888-701-CAKE, Baker Blvd. moved about 20 feet down toward Macy's this morning.... we are now under a Skylight as we have wanted. Yay! Come visit our Bright Kiosk full of your favorite cupcakes!, LIKE Baker Blvd. to be entered into a drawing for Facebook Friday!!!, Call 1-888-701-CAKE to order your Memorial Day Push Pop Cupcakes for this coming weekend. These are great, you can keep them in a cooler outside, or display them inside as your festive dessert!!! You must order these ahead of time. Thank you., CONGRATULATIONS Nicole Schmalz, Missy Schreiner, Kelly Werner Welch, David Haller, Cheryl Treb, and Janae Roberts. You are Baker Blvds. SIX winners to receive a sweet treat from our kiosk this weekend. Enjoy. You can stop by anytime from now through Sunday to claim your treat., Facebook Friday will be a little different this week. We will pick SIX winners tomorrow morning to receive a "sweet treat" from Baker Blvd. kiosk this weekend in honor of our SIX MONTH ANNIVERSARY. LIKE Baker Blvd. and be entered into the drawing., Visit our kiosk this morning and receive a FREE cupcake. While supplies last., Help us celebrate our SIX MONTH ANNIVERSARY... Today standard size cupcakes are $1 at kiosk!!!, Mother's Day Last Minute Gift Idea..... give her "Sweetness in a jar"...... Baker Blvd. has multiple flavors of cupcakes in mason jars... Call 1-888-701-CAKE to place your order now!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Stacy Russell, Timi Fox Paradis, and Chris Jodie McInnes. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall before 9:00 p.m. on Saturday, May 11, 2013, 2013 to claim your six FREE cupcakes!!! Don't forget everyone, to "like" Baker Blvd. weekly!!!!, Don't forget to "LIKE" Baker Blvd. for your chance to be a Facebook Friday winner ;-))) Good luck, Next week.... Blueberry Cheesecake, Strawberry Cheesecake and Pineapple Cheesecake. I just ate a Blueberry.... and WOW... it melted in my mouth!!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Sharon Gale Williams, Jada Kiss, Laura Smith Moffa. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall before 9:00 p.m. on Saturday, May 4, 2013, 2013 to claim your six FREE cupcakes!!! Don't forget everyone, to "like" Baker Blvd. weekly!!!!, LIKE Baker Blvd. this week and be entered to be a Facebook Friday winner this Friday!! Three "likes" will be chosen to win 6 FREE cupcakes this weekend!! GOOD LUCK!!!, Caramel Latte ... Chocolate and Vanilla.... available today at Baker Blvd.  OMG... D E L I C I O U S!!, You can spell out anything with Cupcakes! Change the color of frosting to match your school or occasion., We are getting lots of "Likes" but please comment your business name if you want to be entered into the Facebook Friday Drawing for tomorrow. Thank you., This weeks Facebook Winners will be businesses in the Fairlawn/Copley area. Like this post to enter your business into the drawing to receive one dozen assorted cupcakes this Friday, April 26, 2013. The business must be within 10 miles of Summit Mall. Good luck. We will deliver to you!!!, FLAVOR OF THE DAY...... LEMON/COCONUT.... SO DELICIOUS!, Peanut Butter available today!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Missy Cole-Schreiner, Lisa Fair-Pallante and Nicole Lash-Washington. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall on  Saturday, April 20, 2013 between 12-9 pm to claim your cupcake layered in a mason jar!!! Don't forget everyone, to "like" Baker Blvd. weekly!!!!, Grandma's yellow cake with chocolate frosting...., Marble.... chocolate and buttercream...., Don't forget to "Like" Baker Blvd. this week to be entered into the drawing for a Red Velvet Cupcake layered in a mason jar!!!! Enjoy it with a spoon., CONGRATULATIONS Stephanie Robinson-Luecke, Shelby Mabry, and Nairmeen Haller. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall before 9:00 p.m. on Saturday, April 13, 2013 to claim your six FREE cupcakes!!! Don't forget everyone, to "like" Baker Blvd. weekly!!!!, Don't forget to "LIKE" Baker Blvd. before tomorrow morning so you can be put in the drawing for Six Free Cupcakes!!!! Good luck., YUMMY!!!!, Flavor of the Day.... VANILLA SALTED CARAMEL.... OMG ;-)))), Don't forget to "Like" our page to be entered into the drawing this week for 1/2 dozen FREE cupcakes!!! Good Luck., CONGRATULATIONS Joycette Peters Husted, Kathy Workman and Crystal Sharier. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall before 9:00 p.m. on Saturday, April 6, 2013 to claim your six FREE cupcakes!!! Don't forget everyone, to "like" Baker Blvd. weekly!!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Jennifer Pinchot, Christine Wise, and Cindy Towne. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall before 9:00 p.m. on Saturday, March 30 to claim your six FREE cupcakes!!!, Don't forget Facebook Friday!!  We will pick three random "likes" tomorrow morning. Those three winners will receive 6 free cupcakes this weekend!!!! Good Luck!!!, Don't have time to bake for Easter Dessert..... call 1-888-701-CAKE and place your order to pick up on Saturday. An assortment of flavors makes everyone happy.... Coconut, Red Velvet, Salted Caramel, Chocolate, Vanilla,German Chocolate, Peanut Butter, Cookie Dough..... place your order!!!, Banana at Baker Blvd today!!!!, CONGRATULATIONS Laura Pavlick, Shannon Young, and Rachel Fulling. You are the three random picks of Baker Blvd. for this week. Please visit our kiosk in Summit Mall before 9:00 p.m. on Saturday, March 23 to claim your six FREE cupcakes!!! Everyone else.... keep liking us.... we will do this weekly. Thanks!!! Have a great weekend., Announcing Facebook Fridays at Baker Blvd.   Baker Blvd. will choose 3 "LIKES" per week in honor of our Facebook Friends. On Thursdays Baker Blvd. will randomly choose 3 recent "Likes". Winners will receive a message via facebook to pick up 1/2 dozen assorted cupcakes from Kiosk at Summit Mall. Don't forget to "LIKE" Baker Blvd., Delicious Coconut Cupcakes at Baker Blvd. today!!!, Order your St. Patrick Cupcakes 888-701-CAKE., null, null, null, null, Salted Caramel ...., Candyland..., EXCITING NEW!!! Baker Blvd. has moved to the Macy's wing of Summit Mall. Due to so many requests and multiple surveys, we have decided to move our kiosk to make it convenient for everyone!!! We are right outside Maurice's and Wet Seal. Very close to Justice, Ann Taylor, Goodyear, The Limited, Children's Place...... Come have a cupcake!!, ONLY 3 DAYS UNTIL VALENTINE'S DAY!!! CALL 1-888-701-CAKE TO PLACE YOUR ORDER NOW!!!!, null, null, null, ORDER FOR YOUR VALENTINE TODAY!!!!! WHAT'S BETTER THAN SOMETHING SWEET, SOMETHING RELAXING AND SOMETHING PRETTY........ 1-888-701-CAKE., Baker Blvd. will be here Saturday. Come see us for some yummy cupcakes ;-), Thank you to all the "Girls" that visited Baker Blvd. at the Broadway show this past Saturday Night. You were soooo much fun!! See you soon ;-), Look for a coupon in the West Side Leader tomorrow!!, null, Will U Marry Me will fit on one dozen cupcakes....., WILL YOU MARRY ME?, ANNOUNCING.... BAKER BLVD. will remain at Summit Mall's Food Court!! YAY!!!!  Thanks for all your support and keep visiting us!! Keep in mind you can call ahead for big orders. Now serving "Salted Caramel".... OMG!, Don't know what to get that Rock Climber in your life?? How about some ROCK CANDY CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES?? They are delicious!! Call 888-701-CAKE, null, null, null, Hard to find the perfect gift for school teachers, bus drivers, neighbors, etc...... CUPCAKES!! You can get them individually wrapped and bagged or boxed into a dozen. Call 888-701-CAKE to place your order, or stop in and see us!!!, Baker Blvd. accepting large orders. Remember us for birthdays, holiday gatherings, wedding showers, engagement parties, baby showers, or any other special event. With adequate notice we can decorate to color and theme!!!!! Call 1-888-701-CAKE!, Versona Accessories opening at Summit Mall tomorrow, 10am. Baker Blvd. will be there providing samples ;-) Come on in!!!, null, Baker Blvd. opening in Summit Mall November 14, 2012. Please join us for our Grand Opening on November 17, 2012.)