List(As we wrap up our final day of business in Chinatown, we would again like to thank you all for your kind words, well wishes and love. 
Xinh Xinh would be nowhere without your support over the years.
From the bottom of our hearts, thank you! 谢谢 Cám Ón! Gracias! Obrigado! คุณ ขอบคุณ Danke! ありがとう! Grazie! Merci! 
May we meet again soon!
#boston #xinhxinhrestaurant #bostonfoodie #vietnamesefood #bostonchinatown #thisisnotgoodbye
#pho #yelpboston, Dearest family, friends and patrons of Xinh Xinh,

It is with profound sadness that we announce our closing of this location at the end of May 2015. 
Due to irreconcilable differences with the landlord, we have been forced to move out of our current location in Chinatown and relocate.
Over the last decade, we have been fortunate enough to meet and make some great friends and acquaintances while serving up your favorite Vietnamese and Chinese dishes.
We would like to extend our deepest gratitude to you all for the support, friendship and patronage through the years.
You all have made this an unforgettable experience!
Please stay tuned on Facebook for an announcement on our new location!!!

Until May 26th, please don't hesitate to stop in and get your Xinh Xinh fix while you still can!

Thank you and may we meet again soon!
#boston #vietnamesefood #chinatownboston #xinhxinhrestaurant #yelpboston #bostonfoodies #pho, Thank you for stopping by - it's always great to see the victory on your faces!  Congratulations to the Boston Marathoners of 2015!!!  #bostonmarathon #oneboston #bostonstrong, Xinh Xinh will be closed today wed 4/15 and will resume business as usual on thur 4/16, Xinh Xinh's restaurant phone is working now. Please call and place your order :) 
Thank you!, Xinh Xinh phone is not working today (3/28/15). please call an alternate number for take-out. 617-347-7706. Thank you for being our loyal customers., In celebration of Chinese New Year, Xinh Xinh will be closed today Feb 19. Happy year of the Ram! Wishing everyone great health and prosperity!, Xinh Xinh is closed today, 2/15, due to the blizzard. We hope everyone stays safe and warm!, We know a hot bowl of pho is what we'd all love to eat after shoveling more snow but unfortunately, Xinh Xinh will closed until tomorrow, 2/11. See you all then!, Again, due to increment weather, Xinh Xinh will be closed today., Xinh Xinh is closed today and will reopen  on tuesday. stay warm and safe!, We hope our family, friends and patrons are staying safe and warm during the blizzard of 2015. Xinh Xinh is closed today and will reopen when safe to do so. Stay tuned for updates!, The Xinh Xinh sate sauce, A very Happy New Year to our dear patrons and friends! May 2015 bring us all great health, happiness and prosperity! =D, Happy Holidays to our dear patrons and friends! We hope you all have a safe and fun-filled time with your loved ones! 😄, Dear patrons, Xinh Xinh will closed early on Wednesday, 11/26, at 7:30pm and closed all day, Thursday 11/27, in observance of Thanksgiving. We'll be open again on Friday, 11/28 for business.
We are grateful for your continued patronage and support, and we wish all of you a happy and safe Thanksgiving!!!, We came across this great article today about Vietnamese food.  While we don't have access to all the amazing herbs that are listed, we'd like to think that we're hitting the key notes of Vietnamese flavor in our dishes.  The next time you visit Xinh Xinh, see if you can name some of the herbs that you taste!, null, Dear Patrons:  Effective 9/29/14, ALL takeout orders will incur an additional $0.50 charge per item.  Thank you!, Lion dance CNY 2014, Due the winter storm, Xinh Xinh will be closed today, February 5th.  We will be open again tomorrow.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  We hope our friends and patrons have a safe & warm commute!, In celebration of Chinese New Year, Xinh Xinh Restaurant will be closed at 6PM today, 1/30, and will reopen on Saturday, 2/1.  May the Year of the Horse bring us all great health, wealth and prosperity!, Happy New Year! may 2014 brings good health, fortune, and prosperity to all!, due to the snowstorm and parking ban in Boston, Xinh Xinh will be closed on thur 1/2/14., Dearest patrons, Xinh Xinh will be closed today and reopen for business on Friday, August 30th. 
Thank you!, null, So grateful for the tireless effort that the Boston Police Department, MA State Police, FBI and all other law enforcement officials have put in to make sure that Boston and our neighborhoods are safe and so that we can all sleep easy tonight.  Phenomenal job guys!  Thank you!, Due to the continuing manhunt, Xinh Xinh will be closed until tomorrow, Saturday, April 20.  We hope that the mayhem will all end soon.  
Everyone, please stay safe and stay Boston Strong.  We will get through this together., Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and all those who were affected by the horrific bombing today. Let's stick together, fellow Bostonians, as we rise above this tragedy., Happy Chinese New Year all!!!, In observance of Chinese New Year, Xinh Xinh will be closed on Sunday, February 10th.  Happy New Year to all of our friends and customers and see you all on Monday, Feb 11th!
Hope everyone stays safe and warm as we recover from Nemo., due to forecasted increment weather, Xinh Xinh will be closed on friday 2/8/13. Thank you! Be safe!, Xinh Xinh Restaurant will be closed at 8pm on Thursday 1/31/2013. Thank you!, Xinh Xinh's new menu, Happy Holidays everyone!, We hope you all have a wonderful and safe time spent with your family and loved ones.  See you all Friday, 11/23!  Happy Thanksgiving to all!, In observance of Thanksgiving, Xinh Xinh Restaurant will be closed Thursday, 11/22., In light of Hurricane Sandy, Xinh Xinh Restaurant will be closed on Monday, October 29th.  We will reopen for business on Tuesday, October 30th.  We apologize for the inconvenience but appreciate your patronage! Hope everyone stays safe and see you all on Tuesday!, Dear friends and customers, Xinh Xinh will be closed today (4/18/12) and will reopen on Thursday, 4/19/12.  We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause but look forward to serving your favorite dishes again on Thursday.  Thanks!!!, null, To our loyal friends and patrons:  Due to Chinese New Year and the inclement weather, Xinh Xinh will be closed 2/2 - 2/3.  We'll be re-open for business on Friday 2/4.  Happy New Year everyone!  May the year of the rabbit bring you all great health and prosperity!  =D, Hope everyone enjoyed a safe and fun Labor Day Weekend!  Glad Earl didn't ruin it for all of us =), Let's celebrate the 4th of July... : ) Happy Independence Day..EVERYONE !!, Happy Easter to our Fans&Friends !, Happy Chinese New Year! Have a healthy and prosperous year of the Tiger!, The following are the 5 winners chosen for Xinh Xinh's 4th anniversary raffle: 1) Max Shaffer 2) Julie Nadeau 3) Andy Dye 4) Satoko Funamizu 5) Anju Garg Holay . Congratulations! please redeem within 30 days. Note: gift certificate cannot be use towards gratuity, no change will be given, no cash value., Happy New Year!!! to all the fans of Xinh Xinh: may 2010 bring you great  health, prosperity, and wealth!, Wishing you all a Merry Christmas !! Thank you for all your support...101 Fans !!, Ok, so we're closing in to the end of the year, and also to the announcement of the winners of the lucky drawing. 5 winners will be drawn. good luck!, Happy 4th Anniversary Xinh Xinh!!!, STAY IN TOUCH !! Our 4th anniversary is coming soon..This December "Xinh Xinh Gift Certificates" in the Lucky Draw event for OUR Facebook FANS ... It might be yours !!, Feeling chilly on this November evening?  Come to Xinh XInh & warm up with a bowl of yummy noodle soup and get a dose of 'Eastern' hospitality =), Happy Halloween !!, Fan us on Facebook -  " Xinh Xinh Restaurant " Boston,MA, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)