List(Big "thank you" goes out to Shirleyanne A. for the shining Yelp review! Check it out! http://yelp.com/biz/bDVyYogau6V435T4XtHkBw#hrid:CEQVTZGG79SCuMHXxjVm1Q, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, Indulge a little., We all have one food we hated as a kid, but grew to love (or tolerate). Maybe it was cilantro, maybe it was a different food. What was yours?, We're on Twitter too! How do you use Twitter and Facebook differently?

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, Here's looking at you, burger., Picture this: You're about to order a water while you eagerly await your meal. Do you ask for a lemon to go with your drink?, Cheers to a new year filled with bright dreams, good company, and delicious food. Hope it's a happy one!, Here's one we know you can keep: Eat more gyros., We're sending warm holiday wishes from our family to yours!, We’d gift wrap it for you, but things might get a bit messy., It was great to see Tony C. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review! http://yelp.com/biz/bDVyYogau6V435T4XtHkBw#hrid:U-vRiZrfwMqkpBrHnVkCYw, What would you say about us in 10 words or less?, For that person on your list who has everything., When you have that need for a burger and must come to our place., Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, Wise folks say that fools rush in. Clearly, they never rushed into this., We're curious: Do you Instagram your meals? 
A. Always! 
B. Nope, too busy eating. 
C. Only if it's a special dish. 
D. Fill in the blank., There is no love sincerer than the love of burgers., When Thanksgiving leftover season ends, ours is just getting started., Come celebrate Small Business Saturday at your favorite local spot for gyros!, We hope your Thanksgiving celebration is filled with family, friends, and plenty of food. Have a happy day!, Check out this great review from Barrow G.: http://yelp.com/biz/bDVyYogau6V435T4XtHkBw#hrid:9fW42Nw2mQO6V2m275kI-g, Our dream come true, with help from you., Don't trust people who dislike burgers. You don't need that kind of negativity in your life., Love me tender., Tweet much? Thought so. Follow us @MyOtherKitchen:

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, To all our veterans: Thank you for your service., You feel the need. The need for meat., "Take me out for gyros or I pull the plug.", Do you like our costume? @sweetolympia does!, We're in that ghoulish Halloween spirit, so we're curious: are you most excited for dressing up in costume, or indulging in holiday treats?, It was great to see Andrew J. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review! http://yelp.com/biz/bDVyYogau6V435T4XtHkBw#hrid:9tEpG6T6rLeQcmKqQq1vCA, Life is a combination of magic and chicken sandwiches., We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, That momentary bliss., On Twitter? So are we! #sayhello

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, Virginia Woolf wrote: "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well." Here's our response., Ways to win a person's heart: 

1) Buy them food.
2) Serve them food. 
3) Be food., Check out Laura's amazing comments here on Facebook! 

 "My whole family loves this place. I have taken friends and co-workers here and they all love it. Great place, owned by a great family." 

 We'd love to get your feedback, too., GrubHub, Seamless, Eat24, Matchbook. There are countless restaurant apps, so help us sort through them. Which do you use?, I can't help it that I'm beautiful., Go where you haven't gone before -- on our menu, of course! Is there anything here you haven't tried yet, but want to?, To My Other Kitchen I go!, Thanks, Robert S., for the 5-star review! We love hearing from you: http://yelp.com/biz/bDVyYogau6V435T4XtHkBw#hrid:FPMhh3PgemYWhl7BSFd34A, We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our feed!, Make sure you always have your priorities in order., Admit it: You want a bite., Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, In honor of Working Parents Day, do something nice for yourself. Have some chocolates, catch a movie, and most importantly, come visit us!, We know it's hard to believe, but it looks even more beautiful in person., On this day, our thoughts go out to the families, friends, and neighbors of those affected by the events of September 11th. Never forget., Love at first bite., A lithograph of the first Labor Day Parade, 1882, in Manhattan's Union Square. Have a festive Labor Day, everyone!, Let's get your long weekend started off right., We came. We ate. We conquered., We love hearing about your experience! Thanks, KittyCat G., for leaving us this wonderful review: http://yelp.com/biz/bDVyYogau6V435T4XtHkBw#hrid:fY0qBG3e1bVQeZLYlLVbyg, We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, Follow-up question from last week's poll -- which dish has your heart?, We've got your back to school pick-me-up right here., There are two kinds of people in this world: menu explorers, and those who remain faithful to their favorite dish. Which are you?, Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, Don't let us be the one that got away., Bippity Boppity Burger., Yes, you look wonderful tonight., Could you ever be friends with someone who didn’t like burgers? 
A) No 
B) Probably not 
C) Is this even a question?, Apple of your appetite., We want to hear from you! Head over to Google+ and let us know what you think: https://plus.google.com/116747020658035747483/, When you leave our place feeling full and fabulous., We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, Hunger, meet your worst enemy., 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @MyOtherKitchen!

http://twitter.com/MyOtherKitchen, Fabulous is calling, and you should answer., Burgers are the best listeners., In honor of this great occasion, we want to know: Who were you with the first time you ate at our place?, We love coffee as much as you do, so we have a micro-roaster for our specialty coffee beans. Yes, it's true., They say breakfast is the most important meal of the day. We say they are mistaken., Fresh ground meat. Local produce. Every layer matters., This might get a little messy: beef, lamb, or veggies all the way?, We're serving up a mix of Greek and American specialties to the wonderful people of Belmont. See you soon!, null, null)