List(Come see us at Nightshift brewery today! Night Shift Brewing #meaniepanini #panini #foodtrucks, Come to Billerica's fall festival of food hosted by Brunder! We have fresh Paninis and roasted butternut squash soup to go with them. 

 The event address is Vietnam Veterans Park Treble Cover Rd. Billerica, MA see you there!, Meanie Panini TONIGHT at Claddagh Pub! The weathers perfect for some beeee-ahs and paninis! 

#meaniepanini #claddaghpub, TONIGHT starting at 5PM there will be the opening gallery of 3Dimensions
Admission is FREE, and we will be there selling our pannis!!
Spread the word!
Come support our artists, see you soon!


ESTA NOCHE a partir de las 5PM es la apertura de 3Dimensiones
ENTRADA COMPLETAMENTE GRATIS, estarán vendiendo comida: Meanie Panini 
Rieguen la voz!
Vengan a apoyar el arte, los esperamos!!
#3dimensiones #EAC #LawrenceArt, null, Come check us out at the Green Stride Half Marathon!

Delicious Paninis

The best beer on the North Shore by Newburyport Brewing

Great music by Evolvement Music!

 And delicious tacos from Metzy's

Cashman Park Newburyport, Ma 

Evolvement Music Metzy's Nbpt Brew Co, Look who came to visit us!, Come check us out at the Fashion Truck's Savor In Style Food Truck Fest! Savor in StyleThe Roving LunchboxSpiceventure, Hi all. Unfortunately we have to cancel  service tonight as our grill is out of commission for the time being. We apologize and hope to see you all next  time., Come check us out at Night Shift Brewing and their new Barrel Society release: Sargent! Also come get a Smoked Cubano on sour dough with homemade curry Dijon. OH MY!, Hey everyone, we'll be at the Newburyport Brewing Company Friday night, Oct 16th at 5PM! Come try some of the best beer on the Northshore! 4 New Pasture Rd Newburyport, Massachusetts, null, null, null, Look at all the apples! If you're looking for a fun outdoor activity for the day go check out Drew Farm in Westford. Smoores, apple picking, pumpkin picking, tractor rides, fresh apple cider and more!!!!!, Thanks to Drew Farm for having us today. We had a great time!, We just hit 500 likes! Thanks for the love, everyone!, THIS SUNDAY!! Come out to Drew Farm in Westford, MA from 10 to 5! We'll be serving up hot, grilled sandwiches all day for your orchard-side picnic! Lots of other treats, such as toast-your-own s'mores, apple cider donuts, and so much more! Follow the link for details, and give Drew Farm a like while you're at it! http://www.drewfarm.com/weekly-news/, It was great seeing everyone at Red Hook last Sunday! Make sure to mark your calendars for the Westford Food Truck Festival coming up on October 17th. http://www.westfordfoodtruckfestival.com/, Tomorrow's event information: Food Truck Festivals of America

Where: Red Hook Brewery in Portsmouth, NH

When: Sunday, October 4th 

What time: VIP Hour is 11am-12pm; General admission is 12pm-5pm

How much: VIP tickets are $20; General admission is $5; children under 12 are free

See you there!!!, Tomorrow we will be in Portsmouth, NH, Join us and Red Hook Brewery, for our 2nd annual New Hampshire Food Truck Festival.

WHEN: Sunday Oct 4th from 12PM-5PM

WHERE: Red Hook Brewery in Portsmouth, NH

Check out: http://www.foodtruckfestivalsofamerica.com/#!new-hampshire-ftf/c189r

#redhook #foodtrucks #portsmouthNH, Hey guys, 
Check out our featured video! Soon be to be famous!

Tomorrow, September 29th, we will be out in the streets of Sommerville selling your very own, paninis!, PIPES & PIPES CAR SHOW, this Sunday Sept 27th !!! Come bring your loved ones to enjoy the antique car show, and have some bomb paninis! See you there !!

Where: 192 Broadway, Methuen, MA

When: 12:30 - 4PM, SATURDAY September 26th we will be at The Quincy Food Truck Festival that starts at NOON. Come by with family and friends to try new and delicious foods from the many food trucks. 

When: September 26th at 12pm

Where: Pageant Field, Merrymount Park Quincy MA

More info: www.foodtruckfestivalsofamerica.com/#!quincy-ftf/cnr3, null, null, Everett, MA will be having their first ever VILLAGE FEST TODAY!! Come try a variety of foods from many local food trucks. 

WHERE: Santilli Highway Everett, MA

WHEN: TODAY, Saturday Sept 19th from 3 to 9 PM

#DownTheVillage #CityofEverettMA, BEER & PANINI!! 
 TONIGHT at Nightshift Brewery in Everett, MA. Come by with friends to the place to be tonight. :)

WHERE: 87 Santilli Hwy, Everett, MA 02149, TOMORROW we will be in Somerville, MA from 5pm at the Food Truck Festival of America. #FoodTrucksOfAmerica 

WHERE: Powder House Square
Somerville, MA

WHEN: Tomorrow!!! Tuesday, Sept 15th

For more info: www.foodtruckfestivalsofamerica.com

#Sept15 #WhatToEat #MeaniePanini, Come see us and get some of the best local beer at lord hobo brewing! 5 Draper Street in Woburn here until 12 AM, Come have lunch with us tomorrow at Roger's Spring Hill Farm Festival!! We'll be sizzling up the grill especially when it's bacon. Bring your appetite :)

WHERE: Rogers Spring Hill Farm
1269 Boston Road, Bradford, MA 01835

WHEN: 11am-2pm, Can't wait to check out Lord Hobo Brewing on Saturday from 4PM-12AM!

5 Draper St. Woburn, MA, As you can see, this LABOR DAY WEEKEND we are BOOKED!!!

COME, FOLLOW US & enjoy the weekend before going Back to School!!
Want more info on the events? No problem.
SATURDAY, September 5th: Newburyport Riverfront Festival.
business.newburyportchamber.org/events/details/newburyport-s-riverfront-music-festival-14644

SUNDAY, September 6th: Track Club USA Autocross.
www.motorsportreg.com/events/track-club-usa-autocross-at-devens-august-8-airfield-102237#.VenRqFyprFL

MONDAY, September 7th: Bread and Roses Festival.
breadandrosesheritage.org/index.html

Hope to see you guys there!!

#backtoschool #meaniepanini #breadandroses #laborday #trackclubusaautocross #newburybortriverfront #yucabites #getouttabed, LABOR DAY EVENT 
Come and join us & Bread and Roses 1912-2012

The 31st Annual BREAD & ROSES Heritage Festival will be held on MONDAY, September 7th. We will be cooking up some panini and enjoying this eclectic day filled with music, performances from a range of cultures. 

WHEN: Monday, September 7th, from NOON to 7pm
WHERE: Campagnone Common, Lawrence, Mass
Bring your loved ones to enjoy a family-filled event, you wnt be disappointed!, VROOM, VROOOM... 
SUNDAY Sept 6TH from 7AM-6PM
We will be at the Track Club USA Autocross... 

WHERE: Devens Airfield, Ayer, MA
Bring your friends for a great day of car racing & awesome food!
GET READY TO HAVE A GREAT TIME!!, THIS SATURDAY @ NOON, Spend the day on the waterfront in Newburyport! Come early and enjoy great panini & shopping while waiting for the concert to begin at the: 
NEWBURYPORT'S RIVERFRONT MUSIC FESTIVAL! 

WHERE: Waterfront Park, 36 Merrimac Street Newburyport, MA
WHEN: Saturday, September 5th from NOON to 7pm, null, We SOLD OUT last year & we're ready to do it again!
This SUNDAY, August 23rd, join us in celebrating Granite United's Beach Bash. 
WHERE: Hedgehog Pond, Salem, NH
WHEN: August 23rd, @ NOON
For more information, go to www.graniteunited.com/beachbash, You can never go wrong with: Live MUSIC, great FOOD, regional craft BEER, & amusement RIDES [all in one place]!!! 
     THIS SATURDAY August 22nd, we will be at the Blue N Brews Festival in Westford, MA. Come out with the family & friends to have a great time!

WHERE: Nashoba Valley Ski Area, Westford, MA
WHEN: Saturday August 22nd, from NOON to 7pm
For more information: www.bluesnbrewsrotary.org, DONT MISS OUT!!
Come & support the community this SATURDAY & SUNDAY, August 8th & 9th for a Basketball Tournament at the Lawrence YMCA for some BASKETBALL & PANINIS. 

WHERE: 40 Lawrence Street, Lawrence, MA 01840
WHEN: SATURDAY & SUNDAY (August 8th & 9th) 
Lets support our Lawrence YMCA!, TOMORROW, SATURDAY AUGUST 1ST from 11AM-3PM
        We will be at the First Annual Danvers FAMILY FIELD DAY... 
WHERE: Plains Park in Danvers, MA
Bring your family and friends for a great day of outdoor activities, music and great food !!
GET READY TO BREAK A SWEAT & HAVE A GREAT TIME, Who doesn't love heading to the bar after a long day of work? 
We sure do! 
Come & join us this THURSDAY, JULY 30th at the Claddagh Pub for some BEER & PANINIS. 
Where: 399 Canal St, Lawrence, MA 01840
DONT MISS OUT!!, Come see us at the Boot Scootin' Boogie! Millennium Running Keeghan Nolan Music #meaniepanini #cubano #yuccabites #countrymusic, Come visit us soon!


http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/06/23/local-food-truck-park-opens-lawrence/6ngdoO0xi58SHO039bohGK/story.html, null, Summer time is the best time to meet some new people and make some more friends. Like my grandmother used to say, "You can never have too many friends." And she's right! I would like to take this time to thank our friends and family that have made our dream of having a food truck a reality. Couldn't do it without you guys!
-Camila Espaillat
-Marysol Espaillat
-Benny & Mory Espaillat
-Denise Dio
-Mark DiDio
-Kara Doiron
-Peter Carrozza
-Juan Geraldo Nunez
-Laly Nunez
-Michelle Nunez
-Pablo Alvarez
-Brian Shamburger
-Marco Polo Rodriguez
-Andy Lightning

This weekend we will be serving our new friends at The Vintage Bazaar Pettengill Farm in Salisbury, MA June 20 & 21. It's gonna be clear skies with temperature in the 70s. Perfect place to spend Father's Day. So bring the family and let's have some good old fashion fun!, null, null, We are cleaned up and ready for this weekends events! Come celebrate your long weekend with us out in Market Square in Newburyport, MA this Sunday and Monday! We're grilling up all your favorite paninis from 10am - 5pm!, Another great event in the books! Thanks  Sudbury, Massachusetts. Lol. Joyce Endee Craft Fair was a blast! 

Lucky for us we sold out yet again! Man... people really like those Cubanos, null, null, Who thought winter would be over so soon..... just kidding! It's great to be outside and soaking in the rays.

This weekend, May 16 & 17 from 10-4 pm, we will be serving food in the beautiful town of Sudbury, MA which is host to the Spring Wayside Inn Arts & Crafts Festival. Be ready for some homemade awesomeness from local vendors and trinkets for the entire family! Hope to see you there., We want to thank everyone that came to support us last week at the Westford Family Food Truck Festival. We sold out of all menu items and we had a blast doing it. 

Come join us this Saturday, May 9th for BEER, BEER, & MORE BEER at the Night Shift Brewery in Everett 2 pm - 9 pm., Spring is upon us and the summer is right around the corner. We are excited for 2015 and looking forward to being outside and serving some MEANIE PANINIS!

Come join us this Saturday for our second event of the year at the Westford Family Food Truck Festival @ Abbot Elemenary School in Westford, MA. There will be plenty of other trucks so bring friends and family for a great time., Nick and John arm wrestling over menu items., Spring is around the corner! 
Come and join us for a Friday (5-9), Saturday (11-6), and Sunday (12-4) Art Crawl and Open Studios Tours on Union Crossing!

50 Island Street Lawrence, MA 01841, Stay dry and spend your Saturday from 12-8 with us at Night Shift Brewing for some craft beer and Paninis. See you there!, Hey guess what? We'll be at the Westford Food Truck Festival this Saturday 12-5pm. Come get some delicious Cuban sandwiches and paninis!, Come one, come all this Saturday, October 4th at Night Shift brewery in Everett, Ma 12-8pm. Get ready for some delicious beers and mean paninis, so bring your friends and family. Remember, sharing is caring!, null, Our next event will be this Saturday Sept. 13th at the Lawrence Veteran Memorial Stadium. Come watch 2014 Golden Glove Champ Adrian Sosa and Natalia Espaillat fight in the main events of the evening. Weigh ins starts @ 1pm and first match @ 4 pm. #GrindHard #FightWeek #Intenze978Boxing #BoxingAllStarsInTheValley #GetUrTixx #ShowSupport #YouthSports #PuttingOnForOurCity, We want to thank everyone who came to visit us at the Joyce Autumn  Craft Fair in Sudbury, MA last weekend. It was a blast! Join us next time for the Oct 18-19 Leaf Peeper's Craft Fair in North Conway for fabulous crafts and delicious paninis., null, null, Hey everyone Meanie Panini will be at Night Shift Brewing company on Friday night! Come get the best beer and paninis in the Boston Area! Nightshift Brewery 

From 5-9 PM 

87 Santilli Hwy, Everett, MA 02149, Hey everyone, we're at the On The Green 2 Arts & Crafts Festival, 80 Academy Drive, Wolfeboro, NH right next to beautiful lake Winnipesaukee!

Come by for some delicious hommade paninis and for some beautiful art and crafts., We are at the 33rd annual Hot Air Ballon Rally in Pittsfield, NH all weekend. Join us for some hot air balloons, helicopter and carnival rides, and of course a meanie panini!, null, Tonight's menu was a huge hit!!, So many #paninis !!, It's a beautiful day for paninis!!! Don't forget to come check out Meanie Panini when we roll into Lawrence Stadium tonight for some 4th of July festivities!! The fun starts at 6pm! Don't miss out!, null, Meanie Panini is now on Twitter! Show some love! https://twitter.com/Meanie_Panini, Perfecting the recipes! #foodtrucks, The truck is almost ready! #foodtrucks, null, Hey everyone! Our Facebook page is up and running! Like us, share us with your friends, and be sure to come check us out on our very first stop this week: July 3 at the Lawrence Stadium from 6-9:30!)