List(The Ladies are having a dance party to break the place in!, Off road today with some generator issues. 👎🏻, Clarendon at Boylston Street today. 11-2 ✌🏻, Today, 11-2, grab your office mates and come get lunch outside! 🌻, Thanks Boston's Hidden Restaurants!

http://www.hiddenboston.com/blogentries/spring-openings-0316.html, Hey right now we are doing a Reddit AMA (ask me anything) alongside some of our favorite trucks:

https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/4cahdw/ama_we_operate_5_of_bostons_favorite_food_trucks/, Off road today and tomorrow, hustling to get things done in Brookline. 

See you Wednesday at Dewey Square., At Nightshift Brewing til 10., Dewey Square 11-2 today 🐣, Clarendon at Boylston Street today, 11-2, null, Do you Snapchat?

Add us, username Stokedpizza for pics and videos., Wednesday, Dewey Square, 11-2 🍕🙋🏻, Off road today and tomorrow. See you Wednesday at Dewey Square!

🌷🌹🌺🌻🌨🌨❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️💨, Have a nice weekend!, Dewey Square, today, 11-2.

Get your pizza fix on The Rose F. Kennedy Greenway!, May I humbly suggest you head into town today and get yourself one of our pizzas for lunch?

We will be on Clarendon Street (at the Boylston intersection), in front of Trinity Church. 11-2 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square today, 11-2

#bostonfoodtrucks, New spot today, 45 Shattuck Street, Boston, at Brigham and Women's. 11-2. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Cambridge today, 11-2
1 Rogers Street, null, At Dewey Square until 2.  In the meanwhile, some progress being made on the restaurant front. Tabletops!

#stokedwashingtonsq #stokedpizza #jonathanadler, FRIDAY LUNCH. MAKE IT COUNT. 

#stokedpizza #bostonfoodtrucks, Your Thursday lunch., We are back!  11-2, We are hiring!

http://www.bostonchefs.com/job/stoked-pizza-various-positions/, Today!  11-2. 1 Rogers Street (at 1st Street) in Cambridge. 

#stokedpizza, null, 2016 and 2014

Getting closer...
#stokedwashingtonsq, Today marks our season return!

We will be at Night Shift Brewing from 2-9.

Amazing beer, family friendly atmosphere, and pizza!

https://www.facebook.com/NightShiftBeer/posts/1045709182137739:0, Truck is inspected and ready to roll next week!

Schedule details confirmed later, but it is looking like Wednesday and Friday at Dewey Square, and Thursday at Stuart Street., We are hiring!

Check out the details here:

http://www.bostonchefs.com/job/stoked-pizza-various-positions/, Good read about a place down the road from us in Brookline. 🐝

https://www.facebook.com/bostonmagazine/posts/10153257203766333, Found this photo today and it is making me want this pizza. It has been too long., Happy Birthday Scott!

We think you are The Best Pizzaiola in The World! 

(I bet Sophie and Maggie would add Best Dad to that too!)

🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉, Getting that height right 👍🏻, For you..., Almost exactly two years ago...#fbf, Thank you Fundera for writing this in-depth article.

https://www.fundera.com/blog/2016/02/01/stoked-wood-fired-pizza-company/?utm_campaign=coschedule&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=fundera&utm_content=This%20Musician's%20Delicious%20Journey%20to%20Entrepreneurship, The oven is arriving in one day!  Soon this restaurant will start looking like a pizza place..., null, null, We are off the road until Spring!

✌️, null, Making pizzas at a dear friend's 50th birthday party last night with special guest Rene Rancourt!, Updates are slow right now, but we get our keys tomorrow, so get ready to get inundated with pics and progress! 

#stokedpizza #stokedbrickandmortar #brookline #washingtonsq #bestofboston #stokedwoodfiredpizzaco 
#bostonfoodtrucks, Our 2015 season has come to a close, but here is a peak at what will be keeping us busy this Winter!

Thank you for a great sophomore season, we are so lucky to have the greatest customers out there...

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/12/20/stoked-pizza-opening-shop-in-washington-square/, Friday, it is Dewey Square!  

11-2 #bostonfoodtrucks, Clarendon customers!  

Today is our last day at this location for the season. Come see us. 11-2. 🍕👍🏻✌🏻️ 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square today, 11-2 

#bostonfoodtrucks, 1st Street at Thorndike in Cambridge from 11-2. 

#kendallsq #bostonfoodtrucks, We are at Rogers Street (at 1st) in Cambridge til 2.

Special today is The Greenway:  white pizz topped with a mixed green salad with kalamata   Olives, chickpeas, grape tomatoes, pepperoncini, balsamic dressing, It's true!

Thank you to everyone who has supported us thus far, as it has allowed us to take this next step. 

http://boston.eater.com/2015/12/11/9891894/stoked-pizza-restaurant-brookline?utm_campaign=boston.eater&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter, Dewey Square today from 11-2.

#bostonfoodtrucks, Come see us at Night Shift right now!  🍻, Dewey Square 11-2 today!

#bostonfoodtrucks

UPDATE 1:23 SOLD OUT, 1st at Thorndike today in Cambridge. Til 2pm. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Happy Monday...

Rogers at 1st Street in Cambridge, 11-2

🍕👌🏼👍🏻

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square Friday!

11-2

#bostonfoodtrucks, We are here til 2 with our spicy sausage special. Take a look!, Clarendon at Boylston Street today. 11-2

#bostonfoodtrucks, Yeah it's a little rainy but that won't stop us!

Dewey Square 11-2. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, 1st Street at Thorndike in Cambridge today, 11-2.

Open to all, come on over!

#bostonfoodtrucks, Prime dates still available!, Back on the road today!

Rogers at 1st Street in Cambridge, 11:15-2.

Fiery sausage special onboard today. 🔥👌🏼

#bostonfoodtrucks, Pre-Thanksgiving pizza time at Dewey Square today from 11-2.

#bostonfoodtrucks, Off road today, catering a lunch at an office North of the city. 

This could be your office if you like!

http://www.stokedpizzaco.com/#!catering/cd56, Clarendon at Boylston Street today 11-2. 

Last chance to get out pizza this week, we will not be at Dewey tomorrow (Friday) due to a private catering event. 

🍕✌🏻️., Fiery sausage special continues today at Dewey Square 11-2.

#bostonfoodtrucks, 1st Street at Thorndike in Cambridge at Hubspot today from 11-2.  Open to the public, no worries!

#bostonfoodtrucks, Rogers Street at 1st in Cambridge today, 11-2.

Fiery sausage and peppers special. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Fiery sausage and peppers now and until 2, at Dewey Square., Nice sunny day!  Come see us at Dewey Square from 11-2. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Clarendon at Boylston today folks. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Bacon, chicken, honey mustard, and tomato special today at Dewey Square 11-2!

#bostonfoodtrucks, Bacon, chicken, honey mustard, tomato special today til 2 at 1st and Thorndike in Cambridge. 

Public is welcome!, 1st Street at Thorndike in Cambridge today until 2pm. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Today, Monday, we are on Rogers Street (at 1st) in Cambridge til 2.

✌🏼️🍕, Off road today due to a private catering job. 

Have a great weekend! 🍁🍂🍁🍃, Pepper and onion special again today. 

Til 2pm over on Clarendon (at Boylston).

#bostonfoodtrucks, Pepper and onion special!, Dewey Square today, 11-2.

Heads up, we will not be at Dewey this Friday, so if this is your spot come see us today!

🍕✌🏼️

#bostonfoodtrucks, Well, unfortunately this was us last night, so we are off road today getting a quick repair done., Hope everyone had a great Halloween!  

Here are the little ladies having a great day., We are on Boylston today, just a little bit away from where we usually are. Some construction issues pushed us around the corner. 

Here til 2.

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square today from 11-2. 

Special:  BCHT 
Smoked Bacon, roasted chicken, mozzarella, garlicky tomatoes, honey mustard

#bostonfoodtrucks, Landmark Center til 2! 🍕✌🏼, Landmark Center in the Fenway today, 11-2. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, We are at 25 Rogers Street in Cambridge today, Monday. 

Special today:  BCHT 
Smoked Bacon, roasted chicken, mozzarella, garlicky tomatoes, honey mustard

#bostonfoodtrucks, Hey!  We are at the Rose Kennedy Greenway carousel right now!, Come see us at Night Shift Brewing in Everett tonight (Friday) from 4-10., Dewey Sq today 11-2, then we head over to Night Shift Brewing in Everett from 4-10. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, There is a giant hole in the ground where we normally park today, so we are around the corner at the bus stop. On Boylston at Clarendon. 

Come see us. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square til 2.  

New special today: Granny Smith, Gorgonzola, bacon w a drizzle 'o' honey.

#bostonfoodtrucks, Landmark Center in the Fenway today, Tuesday, from 11-2., 1 Rogers Street in Cambridge today til 2pm. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, We are at SOWA today until 4pm. 

Spicy Calabrian pepper special onboard. 

#southendopenmarketatsowa 

#ridiculouslylonghashtag

#bostonfoodtrucks, Spicy specials today at Dewey Square. 

See us until 2.

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square Friday!

11-2

#bostonfoodtrucks, Beautiful day for lunch at Clarendon (at Boylston).

11-2. #bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square, aka South Station, today from 11-2.

#bostonfoodtrucks, We are at the Landmark Center in the Fenway from 11-2.  

Grab your umbrella and come see us. 🍕👍🏻, Have the day off??  Head to Kendall, 25 1st Street in Cambridge. 11-2!

#bostonfoodtrucks, We are at Sowa today from 11-4.

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square today from 11-2! 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Clarendon at Boylston Street today, 11-2. 

Family Halloween costume suggestion:, It's a Dewey Day!

Dewey Square, aka South Station, 11-1:55 today., Landmark Center, The Fenway, 11-2 today!, Sunday 11-4!  

South End Open Market

🍕✌🏻️, Grab your umbrella and get your pizza from 11-2 at Dewey Square. 

You are a hearty New Englander that will not let a little foul weather keep you from your pizza!

#bostonfoodtrucks, No rain!  

Come see us at Clarendon Street (at Boylston) from 11-2 today. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Off road until tomorrow. Will be at Clarendon if the weather cooperates. 

🍕✌🏻️, A reminder, no lunch service today due to a private catering event, but tonight we will be in Weymouth for the Food Truck Rodeo!

#bostonfoodtrucks, Change of special today at Dewey (til 2)!

Spicy Calabrian Pie 
Garlicky Tomatoes Baby Spinach Caramelized Onions Calabrian peppers, We are at Dewey Square til 2pm
today!

Dewey fans take note, we will not be there on Friday due to a catering job, so come today instead!

After you grab your pizza, sit by the new Rose Kennedy Greenway mural. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Off road today for a catering event. 

Interested in having us cater lunch at your office or at a meeting?  

Email us at stokedpizza@gmail.com, or check www.stokedpizzaco.com for more information. 

🍕👍🏻, We are at Hubspot today from 11-2.  

25 1st St. in Cambridge. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Today's special at the South End Open Market (SOWA). 11-4 

Sriracha Bbq sirloin...Grilled NY strip, caramelized onions and mozzarella. 

#bostonfoodtrucks #sowafoodtrucks, We are at the South End Open Market at Sowa today, 11-4.

Great place to spend a few hours strolling around..., Are you in the Back Bay right now???

We are at the corner of Boylston & Clarendon til 2:00.

Special today is chicken bacon ranch with cherry tomatoes. 

#bostonfoodtrucks, Lunch til 2:00 at Clarendon and Boylston. 

It's a beauty of a day out there! 😎

#bostonfoodtrucks, Dewey Square today 11-2!  
#bostonfoodtrucks, One more hour over in Cambridge. Here til 2pm!, We are off road the next three days, but happy to be serving at #inbound15 !, We will be at Lawn on D from 12-10. 

Come check out The Figgs, hang on the swings, bring the kids!, Chicken, bacon, ranch, and garden fresh tomatoes. Dewey til 2., Dewey Square, 11-2.  🍕👍🏼✌🏻️ 
#bostonfoodtrucks, Today! 11-2. 401 Park Drive in The Fenway., We are at dBar tonight til 8pm. 

Donations support Victory Programs., Sriracha BBQ sirloin with shitake mushrooms special today at SOWA. 

Here til 4., Today!

SOWA until 4pm., Off to NH for a wedding where will be providing full catering services, including appetizers and bar service!

Check it out if you are interested in a not "run of the mill" wedding or rehearsal dinner option:

http://www.stokedpizzaco.com/#!weddings-and-special-events/cw4t, We are at Dewey Square for lunch today, then we head to Weymouth for their Food Truck Rodeo!, Friends, clear your schedule, we just got added to the night!, Dewey Square today 11-2 🍕, 25 First Street in Cambridge today until 2pm. 🍕, Looking for something awesome to do this Saturday?

Head to Nightshift Brewery for their latest release of #everweiss beer!  

http://everweisse.brownpapertickets.com/

#stokedpizza #bestofboston #nightshiftbrewery #sharethenight #strawberries, Dewey Square 11-2 today, don't let a little rain keep you from the best meal of your day!, null, Honored to be the food choice today at a lovely wedding in Cambridge!

Engaged and thinking out of the box?

Check out www.stokedpizzaco.com for more information., null, Lawn on D, now!, Clarendon at Boylston 11-2, then Lawn on D tonight!, Dewey Square, 11-2.

PIZZA NEEDS SOLVED., null, We are in Cambridge again today!

This time at 25 First Street. Technically on Thorndike, under the archway, away from the rain!

Til 2pm. 

👍🏻🍕, We are here in Weymouth at the Food Truck Rodeo!

Look at Scott's little ladies waiting for some pizza ❤️🍕💕

http://www.365thingssouthshore.com/2015/08/08/southfield-food-truck-rodeo-aug-2015-in-weymouth, New spot today!

245 1st street in Cambridge.

11-2, Come check this beauty of a carousel out today!  We will be here until 4pm. Then we head back over to the Boston Common from 5-8:30 for Shakespeare! 🍕, Dewey Square for lunch and then heading to Boston Common for Shakespeare!, Tonight!  Lawn on D!

Beautiful night to come have a pizza and hang on the swings., Dewey Square today, 11-2.  

Come get a nice mushroom pie finished off with truffle oil., New location today!

401 Park Drive in the Fenway. 11-2 🍕👍🏻, We are at the Open Market at SOWA today and until 4pm. 

We will not be at Shakespeare tonight as planned., Lunch at Dewey Square, 11-2, then we are over in the Boston Common for Shakespeare in the Park., Clarendon (at Boylston) today until 2, then we head over to Lawn on D around 5:30. 

http://lawnond.com/eat-drink/, Lunch at Dewey Square until 2pm, then we battle the traffic to go to the Food Truck Rodeo in Weymouth tonight!, Take a look inside the truck....

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/07/28/stoked-pizza-truck/, The new Boston Magazine issue is out, and it is all about pizza!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/07/28/best-pizzas-in-boston/4/

p.s. We are off road until tomorrow, see you then., Happy Friday!

We are at Dewey Square until 2pm.

Special is:  spicy BBQ chicken, kale, and caramelized onions. Can be made vegetarian. 

Later today we will be at Nightshift Brewery in Everett, cool place, check it out. 

Have a nice weekend!, null, null, Tonight, we head to the Boston Magazine's Best Fest to celebrate being awarded "Best Pizza" for 2015.

We are so honored to be placed alongside the legendary pizza greats, Pizzeria Regina and Santarpios, who have won many, many times in the past. 

Thank you to everyone who have helped us spread the word of Stoked Pizza. 

🍕, Pepper and onion special. 

Dewey Sq til 2, then Lawn on D tonight, 5-9., Another marathon day here, first we are at Dewey Square from 11-2, then later on, we will be at Lawn on D from 5-9.

Come enjoy a buffalo spinach and mushroom pizza!, Back at SoWa Open Market today until 4!, Busy few days ahead for us, which is good news for you, more pizza opportunities!

Today, Friday lunch, we are at Dewey Square from 11-2.  

Then we head over to Lawn on D, from 5-9 for the cool bunnies art display. 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/arts-entertainment/blog/2015/07/08/intrude-lawn-on-d/

Saturday from 2-9 we are at Night Shift Brewery in Everett. If you have never been there, you should check it out. Cool open and airy building with long tables and seating. Kid friendly too. 

Sunday we are back to the Sowa Open Market, 11-4. 

Come see us, you won't be disappointed!

#bestofboston, We are at Clarendon Street (at Boylston) from 11-2 today. 

Making plans for tomorrow?  Check THIS out!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/arts-entertainment/blog/2015/07/08/intrude-lawn-on-d/

We will be there, alongside those awesome rabbits., Dewey Square, aka South Station until 2pm!, Is umami your thing?  

Well this special today at Dewey Square (11-2) delivers umami big time. 

Sriracha BBQ with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and spinach. 

It is my new favorite, and trust me, I eat a lot of pizza so I know what I am talking about!

Have a Happy 4th! 🇺🇸

-M.

#bestofboston, WOW!  So flattered and so excited!

http://www.bestofboston.com/winner/best-pizza/stoked-wood-fired-pizza-co-2015/, At Vecna on this beautiful day! 36 Cambridgepark Drive, Cambridge. Come on by and make yourself happy!, Check out this event in Cambridge today, we will be there at 11 am. Free to attend, come show your support for a really great cause!

http://shootoutforsoldiers.com/boston/, ❤️💛💚💙💜, We are at Dewey Square, now and until 2pm. 

Later tonight we will be at Lawn on D for a special performance of Yellow Submarine!

https://www.facebook.com/events/949922118393146/, Today at Vecna, 11-2.  36 Cambridgepark Drive in Cambridge., Happy Father's Day!, Tonight at Lawn on D!

https://www.facebook.com/thelawnonD/posts/682779008494344, Dewey Square til 2pm!, We are at Hubspot today in Cambridge over near the Galleria. It is covered so no fear of standing in the rain. 

Come have a truffled mushroom pie for lunch!, We are at the Rose Kennedy Greenway carousel today, come ride the lobster!, We are at Lawn on D tonight, and they are showing Jaws at 8:30 pm!  

Grab a blanket and a pizza and enjoy this weather.  

https://www.facebook.com/events/1453297028300176/, We are off road today due to private catering.  Have a good weekend! 🍕, We cater weddings, and it is awesome. 

Pretty much just need a flat area to park and a one day catering permit. 

We have a full liquor liability policy, so we can provide bar service as well. 

Give your guests something they will love,
and something they will remember!
 
We can provide a simple party of just pizzas, but are equally comfortable catering a full service celebration that includes a custom menu with foods other than pizza baked in our wood burning oven. 
 
We are vegetarian and vegan friendly too! 

Details here:
http://www.stokedpizzaco.com/#!weddings-and-special-events/cw4t, Sowa today!  11-4, Clarendon Street (at Boyslton) until 2pm today!, Hope you left that bagged lunch at home, because we are at Dewey Square from 11-2 for all of your pizza needs today! 😘🍕👌🏻, null, Thank you so much Steven!  Your blog continues to be the best place for all things food truck in Boston...

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/the-real-top-food-trucks-in-boston/, Around town?  We are at the Rose Kennedy Greenway carousel right now at it is a glorious day to be outside! 😎👌🏻, Dewey Square for lunch til 2, and then, Lawn on D tonight!, We are at Clarendon Street until 2pm today. Clarendon and Boylston. 😊, Special today:  fiery hot chicken and sausage. Word from the truck "it's wicked hot"., Dewey Square today from 11-2., Vecna today at 36 Cambridgepark Drive, Cambridge, until 2pm, No rest for the wicked, we are here today at The SOWA Open Market. 

Over in the food truck court, if you have never been down here come check it out. 

Nice way to spend some time outside!, We are at the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway carousel right now, alongside Cookie Monstah.  Come and get a lemonade, a pizza, and a cookie.  YOLO!, We are making fresh strawberry lemonade for you!

Get it from us today at Dewey Square aka South Station from 11-2.

Happy Friday All! 😊, Today, 11-2, we are at Clarendon Street (at Boylston). Beautiful lunch spot right near Trinity Church., Sold out today. See you tomorrow at Clarendon!  🍕👌🏻👍🏻, We are at Dewey Square today, 11-2.

Grab a pizza and have lunch on the lawn! 😎, We are at Night Shift Brewery now, and until 9pm!, Looking for something fun to do today?  We are at The Lawn on D's opening weekend!  

Come get a pizza and hang on the swings..., Dewey Square today from 11-2, and tonight we are at Night Shift Brewing!, We are at Vecna in Cambridge today.  36 Cambridgepark Drive til 2pm., Off road today due to a private catering gig. See you tomorrow! 🍕, Besides my transparent want for you to come buy pizza at the Rose Kennedy Greeway carousel, you need to check this beauty out. 

It is stunning. 

No kid with you?  Fear not, you will not be judged for hopping right on that LOBSTER. 

Seriously it is the coolest.  11-5, Dewey Square until 2pm today. 

BBQ pizza had earned a spot on the regular menu, so it is no longer a "special". 

That's all I've got., These are the kind of words that make us realize we are doing things right...

Thank you Nicholas!

If you haven't checked us out yet, or you have just thought we are just regular old pizza, come see for yourself sometime soon!

Full schedule on www.stokedpizzaco.com, Today we are at South Station today, Dewey Square. 11-2.  We have the return of the buffalo cauliflower pizza as well as the continuation of the bourbon BBQ and bacon pizza!

And check this out, not too far down the Greenway is the new Echelman sculpture in the sky. 

Check out this article and maybe come see us today, or Friday when we are back in the same spot!

http://artery.wbur.org/2015/05/05/janet-echelman-rose-kennedy-greenway, We are at Vecna right now, 36 Cambridgepark Drive in Cambridge.  Til 2pm., We are at the SOWA Open Market food truck court now until 4pm. Tons of trucks, sunshine, farmer's market..., It's true, pizza makes you happy! ❤️, Come see us at the carousel today and check out all of the other things you could be doing too!

http://www.metro.us/boston/the-local-s-guide-to-staycationing-in-downtown-boston/zsJodx---hkIgEBR6QnNk/, We are at Dewey Square, South Station until 2pm today. TGIF!, Today from 11am, Clarendon at Boylston St., behind Trinity church 🍕, Dewey Square today, 11-2!  

BBQ chicken and bacon special., No service today, have a nice day!, We cater graduation parties!  

Inquire about dates available. Packages start at $1500, which includes all you can eat pizza and salad for 50 people. 

http://www.stokedpizzaco.com/#!catering/cd56, BBQ chicken and bacon special, today at Dewey Square from 11-2, Clarendon Street at Boylston today from 11-2., Today we are at Dewey Square from 11-2 with an awesome special, house made bourbon BBQ chicken and sausage with caramelized onions., We are at the Greenway carousel today ☀️, Due for a trip into the city?  Marathon weekend is a festive time to venture in!

We are at the Greenway's Spring Food Festival today from 12-4. We will be at the section of the park in basically in front of the Aquarium. 

Lots of quality food, kid friendly (if you need it to be), and sunshine!

http://www.rosekennedygreenway.org/visit/food/spring-food-festival/

☀️🍕👍, It appears the truck is fixed, and we will be ready for tomorrow's Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway Food Truck Festival!

http://www.rosekennedygreenway.org/visit/food/spring-food-festival/, Off road today, mechanic worked on the truck last night and is still going..., Since we are out of the game for lunch, may I suggest heading over to Belvidere Street, somewhat around the corner from where we would have been today, and get some Mei Mei Street Kitchen or Taco Party.  The Double Awesome from Mei Mei or the tofu taco from Taco Party (my jam) will make you happy., After battling epic traffic for hours this morning, the truck broke down en route to service. So nothing for today folks., Come and get some sun on your face!, Vecna today til 2pm. 36 Cambridgepark Drive, Cambridge., Coming into town for Opening Day?

We are not too far away, come get a pizza! 👍🍕, Belvidere Street 11-2 today!, A beautiful day in the city ❤️, Ride a squirrel, eat a pie!!!

We are at the awesome Rose Kennedy Greenway carousel today!, Have you ever been to the carousel on the Rose Kennedy Greenway?  It is stunning, really one of the most beautiful things in the city. 

Ride the lobster, butterfly, bunny, or skunk!

Starting tomorrow you can come get a pizza and some cookies from Cookie Monstah.

We will be there most Saturdays through the Summer starting at 11am., Dewey Square today 11-2! 🍕👍, Clarendon and Boylston Street today, 11-2 🍕👍, Boston Magazine has their "Reader's Poll" voting happening now, and we are nominated for Best Pizza!

I just voted for Stoked, and Gracie's Ice Cream, if you want to as well here is the link, thank you!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/vote/, Wednesday, Dewey Square, 11-2.

New pizza special today:  house cured and smoked bacon, oven roasted jalapeños, and house made bourbon bbq sauce.  Can be made vegetarian. 🍕👍❤️, We are at Vecna today in Cambridge til 2pm. 

Links with maps to all of our daily locations available at www.stokedpizzaco.com, Pepper & onion special today at Belvidere., Today marks our return to Belvidere Street!  11-2

Everyone asks where this space is, truth be told, this is a really cool place to hang and have lunch. We are right in front of the Christian Science Center fountain (which I don't think is turned on yet).  Anyways, this spot is a great place to have lunch in the shadow of The Prudential.  Lots of places to sit and with an area for kids to run around set back from the street a bit., Happy Everything!, Have a nice weekend, see you Monday!, The weather is not ideal so we have turned on the order ahead service. 

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, TGIF!  Dewey Square, South Station, 11-2!, Pizza at a wedding, any wedding, is awesome., null, 11-2, Clarendon Street, behind Trinity Church, Back Bay. 🍕👍, null, Sold out, see you tomorrow in the Back Bay!, Dewey Square, 11-2 today, null, Vecna til 2!  36 Cambridgepark Drive, Alewife., Seaport today, 11-2., Enjoying a day off with our girls..., Have a nice weekend, see you Monday!, Check it out this contest.

Have a good weekend everybody!, High Street on the Rose Kennedy Greenway from 11-2!, Order ahead today (Thursday) at Stuart Street from 11-2.

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, We are at Stuart Street (Stuart and Dartmouth) in the Back Bay today, 11-2. 

We will be utilizing our order ahead system for rainy days, so it will be turned on at 11am today. 

Have a good day!, null, Lunch is up!, Beautiful day for our return to Dewey Square!  Come see us from 11-2 today., We are at Vecna today until 2 pm. 36 Cambridgepark Drive., We are at Night Shift Brewing now until 10pm!  Come see us, we're baaaack!, Next week starts our new M-F schedule!  Will post all of the details later, but here is a cool article about some of the new trucks hitting the Greenway alongside us.  

http://boston.eater.com/2015/3/17/8234997/greenway-food-truck-schedule-includes-a-few-newbies-in-2015, null, TBT. Pizza., Remembering a thing called Summer., Let's think about this right now..., Remember Summer?, Hi everyone!  

We are going to be taking care of some truck maintenance during February so we can be fully ready for this next season!  We will be off the road until further notice. 

Thank you!  🍕👍, Come see us at Night Shift Brewing!, Order ahead: we are across from the Seaport T today with homemade meatballs!

https://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fsquareup.com%2Fmarket%2Fstoked-pizza-co&h=LAQElPLIX&s=1, A STORM'S A BREWIN'! 

Come get a pizza today before it hits. We are at the Seaport space, across the street from the T stop on Seaport. 

We have homemade meatballs for our special pizza today. 

Til 2., Stuart. Street today (Thursday) til 2pm!, A few things...

We are at Dewey Square now til 2 pm.

Tonight, from 4-9 pm we are at Night Shift Brewing celebrating their latest release Cape Codder Weisse:

"A lively, playful sour, Cape Codder Weisse sips like a tart beer cocktail.  With tangy flavors of berry, citrus, grassy wheat, and ripe cranberry, this is a great beer to brighten any dark winter evening. Over 150 pounds of fresh cranberries were boiled and poured into each batch, giving the beer its distinctive coral-like color. A few days before bottling, we added fresh orange zest to the fermenter. Drink this bottle fresh, or age it for complexity."  YUM!

Lastly we were quoted in today's The Boston Globe article about last night's lottery. Schedule changes about come April 1st for all!  Interesting reading on the process.

http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2015/01/21/for-food-truck-owners-indeed-location-location/9L0nceUMac5SkDrwiHGjAN/story.html, Wish us luck at the Boston Food Truck Lottery today!  This will determine what and where we are come Spring.  Hoping to keep some of our regular spots, but you never know how things will fall today..., We are at the Lovesick Expo today...

Our basic wedding package starts at just $1500 for all you can eat pizza and salads for 50 guests.  Email us for more info at stokedpizza@gmail.com, Stuart Street!  We are on you today til 2:30!....UPDATE, out of dough!  Gone now at 1:30.  Thank you!, Warm up your belly with some pizza today!  11-2:30 at Dewey Square (South Station). 

Order 15 minutes ahead. You will get a text from us when your pizza hits the oven. 

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, 11-2 today (Tuesday) at Vecna in Cambridge.  36 Cambridgepark Drive., How about it?  See previous post for location info., We are at the corner of a Seaport Blvd and Thompson Place in South Boston. 

BBQ chicken and BBQ sausage specials.

Order 15 minutes ahead!

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, No service today. Too cold. :(, Order 15 minutes ahead today, or choose delivery with 5 pies or more (and be within 4 blocks). Dewey Square, South Station, til 2:30.

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, 36 Cambridgepark Drive, Cambridge (Alewife) from 11-2 today (Tuesday)!, Hi!

We will not be at our Seaport space on Mondays for a while.  They need the space for media at the Tsarnaev trial, which we totally understand.   

Looking for an alternative now, we will keep you posted.

Happy New Year!, Today!  Right now!

ice bar, ice maze, jugglers, fire!!!

Come see us tonight, and this weekend!!!

http://www.lawnond.com/winter-on-d/fire-and-ice-festival-2014/, Ice bar, ice maze, jugglers, fire!!!  

Come see us tonight, and this weekend!!!

http://www.lawnond.com/winter-on-d/fire-and-ice-festival-2014/, Happy New Year!

Come join us this Friday, Saturday, and/or Sunday!

Super fun and kid friendly!

http://www.lawnond.com/winter-on-d/fire-and-ice-festival-2014/, Thank you Pizza Blonde!  

I'm not even going to lie, I am going to be coming at you guys hard for votes on this one.  

You all came through last time I asked, and the truck won Boston's Best food truck (as named by Hub Food Trucks). This time they have been nominated in a national contest, "Best Rookie truck" by Mobile Cuisine Magazine.

Winning polls and contests help bring customers to the truck, and in turn it really helps the boys continue to do what they love, and that is bringing you amazing PIZZA!

Voting ends January 9th.  No registering, just click the bubble next to Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. and sit back knowing you have helped this small business!

Thank you all so much, and Happy New Year!

Meredith, No service until Monday, Happy Holidays!, Tonight at 12 Quarry Lane in Malden! 5-7:30

http://www.thechaseatoverlookridge.com, Looking for an awesome tasty gift for a friend or office mate?  

We do gift certificates in denominations of $5, $10, $15, $20 (and larger).

Let us know what you need and we will hook you up!!!  

Stokedpizza@gmail.com, This headline is everything. 

http://boston.eater.com/2014/12/17/7410151/stoked-wants-to-deliver-pizzas-to-your-office-via-skateboard-because, In case you missed it earlier:

Two amazing new ways to get your Stoked Pizza in your belly during the Winter!

1. Order 15 minutes ahead with our new system thru the link below

2. DELIVERY!!! Some rules: you must be within a 4 block radius of the truck, and you must order a minimum of 5 pizzas. So perfect for your whole office! Use the link below and choose delivery at the checkout. OH, and your pizzas will be delivered via SKATEBOARD. 

Thank you and have a good day! 

(We are at Dewey Square today, Wednesday)

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, Two amazing new ways to get your Stoked Pizza in your belly during the Winter!

1.  Order 15 minutes ahead with our new system thru the link below

2.  DELIVERY!!!  Some rules:  you must be within a 4 block radius of the truck, and you must order a minimum of 5 pizzas. So perfect for your whole office!  Use the link below and choose delivery at the checkout. OH, and your pizzas will be delivered via SKATEBOARD. 

Thank you and have a good day!  

(We are at Dewey Square today, Wednesday)

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, We cater Holiday parties, rehearsals dinners, weddings, beach parties, whatever!

Have us bring the truck to you, and we will leave your guests raving. :)

http://www.stokedpizzaco.com/catering, Innovation space today, 11-2:30. Seaport Blvd and Thompson. 

Order 15 minutes ahead on the secure Square Market system. You will receive a text confirmation and receipt. When you get to the window tell us you ordered ahead.

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, High Street today 11-2:30!  

Order 15 minutes ahead on the secure Square Market system. You will receive a text confirmation and receipt. When you get to the window tell us you ordered ahead.

Hoping this system will make your lunchtime a lot better (and warmer)!

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, No service today (Wednesday). See you tomorrow!, Off the road today (Tuesday).  Stay warm folks!, Big news to make you happy in these cold temps!  

Also we have a few Winter schedule changes.  Monday (today) we are at the Innovation location (South Boston) which is Seaport Blvd. at Thompson Place. 

Tuesday and Wednesday at Dewey Square (South Station), Thursday is Stuart Street and Friday is High Street.

Order 15 minutes ahead on the secure Square Market system.  You will receive a text confirmation and receipt.   When you get to the window tell us you ordered ahead.

Hoping this system will make your lunchtime a lot better (and warmer)!

https://squareup.com/market/stoked-pizza-co, New spot today (Monday), Seaport Boulevard across from the courthouse from 11-2:30!, Don't let a little sprinkle get in the way of your last chance to get some of our pizza until Monday!  We are at Dewey Square, South Station, from 11am until 2:30 (unless things get bad, then we will pack up early, if we do I will post here).  Have a great Thanksgiving!, We are in Malden again tonight from 5:15-7:15pm tonight (Monday).

Medford, Malden, Somerville, and all other North Shore peeps! 

12 Quarry Street, Malden at an apartment complex that is hosting food trucks weekly. Open to the public, we will be in the lot serving up some hot pies on this soggy day! 

http://www.thechaseatoverlookridge.com/, Medford, Malden, Somerville, and all other North Shore peeps! Bummed you can never get to us during the day? 

TONIGHT (Friday) from 5:30-7pm, we will be at 12 Quarry Street in Malden at an apartment complex that is hosting food trucks weekly. Open to the public, we will be in the lot serving up some hot pies on this soggy day! 

http://www.thechaseatoverlookridge.com/, Thank you everyone who voted for us, really, thank you!!!!

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/get-stoked-your-2014-boston-food-truck-of-the-year/, Today (Tuesday) we are 36 Cambridgepark Drive in Cambridge at Vecna, but open to the. Public. Til 2pm.  Buffalo sausage special, with sausage from Bianco's in Revere., This is a very close race that ends today.  Right now we are less that 10 votes behind the leader. What do you say?!  Takes 5 seconds, thank you!!!

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/the-finals-vote-bostons-best-food-truck-of-2014/, Medford, Malden, Somerville, and all other North Shore peeps!  Bummed you can never get to us during the day?  

TODAY (Monday) from 5:15-7pm, we will be at 12 Quarry Street in Malden at an apartment complex that is hosting food trucks weekly.  Open to the public, we will be in the lot serving up some hot pies on this soggy day!  

http://www.thechaseatoverlookridge.com, Last day to cast a vote here...takes one click, no registering or anything time consuming! 🍕👍.  Thank you!   Also, come see us today at High Street from 11-2:30 :)

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/the-finals-vote-bostons-best-food-truck-of-2014/, Day off and looking for some pizza?  We are in the Vecna parking lot at 36 Cambridgepark Drive in Cambridge til 2.  We have a caramelized onion and hot Italian sausage special. 

Happy Veterans Day to all who have served, we thank you!, Cure your Case of the Mondays with some of our pizza for lunch!  High Street at Rowes Wharf, 11-2:30!, Hub Food Trucks has a great blog about everything Boston Food Truck, and he is having a poll! 

Takes two seconds and no registering required, just click on your favorite truck. This is the last round, and it has been whittled down to the final 10.

Vote for your favorite here:

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/the-finals-vote-bostons-best-food-truck-of-2014/

The Finals! Vote Boston's Best Food Truck of 2014
Your top 10 trucks from all the trucks represented in round 1 are here for you to vote for the one best..., Hub Food Trucks has a great blog about everything Boston Food Truck, and he is having a poll!  

Takes two seconds and no registering required, just click on your favorite truck.  This is the last round, and it has been whittled down to the final 10.

Vote for your favorite here:

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/the-finals-vote-bostons-best-food-truck-of-2014/, Done today at 1:30, see you tomorrow!, We are back on the road!  High Street til 2:30.  Butternut Squash and bacon special waiting for you., Well, things were looking up with the truck, but sadly we just broke down again. Seems like an electrical problem, we are on it now, and we hope to see you all again soon.  Happy Halloween!, Bad news, mechanical issues with the truck is keeping us off the road today. :(, Stuart Street now (Thursday) until 2:30!, Thank you Thrillist!  

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/best-pizza-in-boston-pastoral-picco-emma-s-dirty-water-dough, Delayed start today, will be at Dewey at Noon!, We are at Vecna again today.  36 Cambridgepark Drive in Cambridge til 2., Roasted pumpkin with sage ricotta caramelized onions smoky pumpkin seeds balsamic reduction.  High Street at Rowes Wharf til 2:30., We are at 36 Cambridgepark Drive in Cambridge today until 2:30!  Come see us if you are in the area, near Alewife!, Off the road today, going to be spending the day with the little girls in our lives. See you all tomorrow!, Looking for something to do today with friends and family?  We will be at Oktoberfest in Harvard Square from 12-6.

http://www.harvardsquare.com/harvard-square’s-36th-annual-oktoberfest, Dewey Square til 2:30!  Bacon and mushroom..., Dewey Square until 2:30!  Pizza brightens the most dreary days..., Hi!  Want some pizza post-Fluff vest?  We are at Aeronaut Brewery until 11pm!  http://www.aeronautbrewing.com/events, Dewey Square from 11-2:30!  

Did you know that we can make a lot of our pies vegan upon request? We always have Daiya (dairy free cheese)on hand. Just an FYI. :), Hi, we are at Belvidere Street behind the Prudential Mall in front of the fountain until 2:30.  Come get the best lunch your money can buy!, Good Morning!  We will be at High Street from 11-2:30 today.  Make your lunch hour count. :), Hi!  We are at High Street today until 2:30!, Hi everyone, taking a day off today, see you tomorrow!, At the SoWa food truck food court until 4pm today!, Today we are at the JP Music Festival, come check out the festivities!

http://www.jpmusicfestival.com/, High Street until 2:30 featuring Friday's food truck mashups from Roxy's Grilled Cheese and Captain Marden's!, The Stoked Mashup today at Stuart Street is looking pretty delicious!  11-2:30, come early to make sure you get your hands on one of these pizzas designed by our fellow food truckers:

The Bacon Truck's "Cuban Pizza" Braised pork shoulder, bacon, house made pickles, mustard, Muenster.

Mei Mei's "Double Awesome Pizza" Aged Vermont Cheddar, herb pesto, fresh cracked egg, Romano., We are at Dewey Square today from 11-2:30, and our Stoked Collab continues!

Today we have pizzas designed by The Dining Car and Fugu Truck. Check out the details below. These pizzas are amazing..., http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/08/26/food-truck-collaborations-stoked-pizza/, Today is the first day of our Stoked Collaboration Project!  Each day this week, as well as next Monday, we will be featuring pizzas created by our fellow food truckers. 

Today is Bone Daddy's and the Taco Party truck.

Belvidere Street in front of the Christian Science Center fountain.  11-2:30.

Here is the full lineup:, SoWa Sunday is here!  We will be at the food truck court on Harrison Avenue from 11-4, Stuart Street!  We are here for you today til 2:30., We are at Belvidere Street today til 2:30...

In other news, we are super excited for the first week of September, when we will be doing a food truck collaboration project. Each day starting in September 2nd, we will be featuring two pizzas designed by a fellow food truck. 

One week only, so make your lunch plans in advance!

We will post the schedule and pizza lineups as soon as we get them.

It is going to be so good., High Street at Rowes Wharf until 2:30!, See you ya the SoWa food truck court today from 11-4!, We will be at The Lawn on D tonight!  Check out their page, it's really great what is happening over there.  Outdoor green space with trucks, games, music, and more!, Friday awesomeness at High Street!  We are with some of the best trucks the city has to offer, something for everyone!  Baja Taco Truck, Moyzilla, and Bon Me.  11-2:30, Stuart Street (at Dartmouth) until 2:30. Pepper and onion special as well as chorizo. Buffalo corn and kale continues as well!, THREE specials today:

Pepper and onions
Chorizo and banana peppers
Buffalo kale and corn with caramelized onions

We are at Dewey Square, aka South Station until 2:30., Waiting on the official word on today's special at Dewey Square. Will report back soon. :), Sorry for all of the posts today, but just saw this...think about sending a nominating vote our way if you like what we do!

Thank you!, Had some fun with The Bacon Truck peeps today..., Come get our chorizo and caramelized onion special today at High Street til 2:30!, High Street at Rowes Wharf today from 11-2:30.  Beautiful spot on The Greenway to spend your lunchtime today!, We are High Street today from 11-2:30!  TGIF with some pizza!  Still running the linguica and banana pepper special, as well as a few involving fresh Summer corn!, Scott's girls (on right) came and got some pizza today with some friends. Beautiful day in the city!, New special today:  linguica and banana peppers!

Belvidere Street behind the Pru mall til 2:30, High Street at Rowes Wharf on The Greenway today from 11-2:30.  Beautiful out there!, We will be at the SoWa Open Market today in the South End from 11-4!, One of Scott's little ones, Maggie, enjoying a piece of her Daddy's pizza!

Come see us at The Greenway Open Market today!, We are at The Greenway Open Market today!  Come get a pie, go on the carousel, check out the vendors.  Beautiful spot for an afternoon., Hi!  We are hiring truck staff!  Do you have a few hours mid-day, a couple times a week?

Join us on the truck at different city locations daily...shifts run from 10:45 am-2:30/3pm.  

Fast paced, fun, perfect for a student with a few days off!

Email us at stokedpizza@gmail.com and tell us a little bit about yourself and your availability. 

Thank you!, The corn, bacon, scallion, and chive oil pizza is back today (Wednesday) alongside a new meatball pizza special!  

Dewey Square til 2:30 :), New special today (Friday):  hot Italian sausage and caramelized onions.  Til 2:30 at High Street!, TGIF!  Friday is a great food truck day over at High Street at Rowes Wharf.  Something for everyone with Moyzilla, Baja Taco Truck, Bon Me, and Cookie Monstah!  11-2:30, Hello!

We will be at Stuart and Dartmouth today (one block down Stuart on right) from 11-2:30.  

Come grab the special, farmer's market corn, bacon, scallions, and chive oil. Make it vegetarian or vegan if you prefer, no problem at all.

Have a nice day!, Farmer's market corn, bacon, scallions, chive oil evils. Dewey Square 11-2:30, Hold up!  Special at Dewey Square today:  fresh farmer's market corn, bacon, scallions, and chive oil.  Can be made vegetarian. Yum!, We are at High Street (Rowes Wharf) today til 2:30!, Did you wake up thinking about our pizza?  If so IT IS YOUR LUCKY DAY!  We are at the SoWa food truck court on Harrison Avenue with a slew of other awesome trucks from 11-4., We are at Stuart Streer and Dartmouth til 2:30!

Come add bacon to whatever pizza you want for $1 :), Had to post this because it was so nice, especially the last paragraph.  Thank you Kevin S.!

Kevin S.
Somerville, MA

7/22/2014
OK - so I have been here three times so far, and I am so far beyond impressed by the pizzas that these guys turn out that I feel like I HAVE to give them a review.

First of all, this is SERIOUS pizza made by people who really know their craft. They have built a large woodfired, domed pizza oven (yes, Neapolitan style) right on their truck that gets the temperature just where it should for an optimal pie.

Cook time is about 3 minutes. If there is no line (a rarity, but happens if you time your visit), you can go from ordering to walking away with your pizza in less than 5 minutes. Only slightly longer than getting a reheated slice from a standard pizzaria, but it is MADE TO ORDER!

So, as far as the pizza itself. I have thought long and hard about this, and don't want to throw out hyperbole, but I really can't think of a better pizza I have had anywhere around Boston in the 10 years that I've lived here. The crust is light, pillowy, chewy AND crusty (magic, I tell you), and all of their ingredients are absolutely top notch, including their really concentrated homemade tomato sauce.

So far I have done their white mushroom with truffle oil, their ground pepperoni, and a special that I believe was Italian sausage with caramelized onions. I would love to try a buffalo brussel sprout as others have written about, but they definitely shift their menu based on local seasonal produce, and I have only seen buffalo cauliflower and buffalo kale (neither of which seem as exciting to me).

Anyhow, don't walk, but RUN to this food truck, and try to catch them on the early side for the quickest service. Turning out pizza like this, I think it is inevitable that they will have a brick and morter place within the next few years. 

All the stars, all the thumbs, all the little gold statuettes I can give these guys is not enough. This pizza has given me a new relationship with the world around me and has turned me into a kinder person who now knows that miracles are possible., We are at SoWa today until 4pm.  Over at the food truck court on Harrison Avenue!  We have buffalo kale pizza for the vegetarians and a BBQ sausage for the rest!, We are at SoWa today from 11-4, which means you could potentially have pizza for breakfast AND lunch today!, Honored to be providing the food tonight at a wedding in Cambridge! 

Did you know we provide a fun, delicious alternative to the traditional wedding meal?

Check us out:

http://www.stokedpizzaco.com/catering, What a gorgeous day to come get some pizza at SoWa!  We are at the food truck food court on Harrison Avenue til 4!, We are at the Danvers fireworks tonight, from 5-10:30.  Fireworks are at 9:30!

http://www.danversfamilyfestival.com/, Sausage and caramelized onions special today! 

Dewey Square aka South Station 11-3, Belvidere Street today til 3.  Awesome water fountain, come run thru it like a boss., Today we are at SoWa Open Market from 11-4   and tonight we will be at Boston City hall for a Mayor Walsh sponsored boxing event,  open to the public!   Come see us somewhere today.  :)   

http://bpdnews.com/news/2014/6/24/pal-sponsored-boxing-competition-to-take-center-stage-on-city-hall-plaza-this-sunday, Stuart Street, we are on you til 3pm!, Belvidere Street 11-3 today.   

Bring a bathing suit and run thru the fountain,  eat pizza,  be awesome., Taking a day off today (Monday).   See you tomorrow at Belvidere!, Rise and shine!  We will be at the SoWa food truck food court today from 11-4.  Here is a link with a map, the trucks are adjacent to the vendor market. Tons of cool things to look at, and great trucks!

Meredith Byam
There is a map here: http://newenglandopenmarkets.com/sowa-food-trucks/, We will be at the SoWa open market food truck court tomorrow from 11-4!, Need an afternoon pizza?  We are at Stuart Street today til 3.  BBQ chicken special pizza still in effect!, We are in Dewey Square today til 3!  Come check out our chicken BBQ special (pictured) or our new buffalo cauliflower pizza!!!, Looking for something fun to do today?  

We are at the Fork in the Road a Food Truck Festival at the Blue Hills Pavilion in Boston til 10pm. 

Tons of great food trucks, music, and beer.

http://foodtruckfestivalsofne.com/fork-in-the-road-fest/

Kid friendly too!, Stuart Street today from 11-3!  Buffalo cauliflower special in full effect..., New menu special alert!

Buffalo cauliflower:  roasted cauliflower, carmelized onions, mozzarella, gorgonzola, romano, fresh garlic, and buffalo sauce. 

High Street by the Boston Harbor Hotel til 3pm!, Today (Saturday) we are at the Somerville Food Truck Festival!  Located at the new Assembly Row development.  11-4

Come take advantage of our rare across the river appearance! 

Tons of food trucks, parking, sunshine!, We are at High Street today from 11-3, in front of the Boston Harbor Hotel.

Tomorrow from 11-4 we will be at Assembly Row in Somerville for the Somerville Food Truck Festival ($5 tickets online)., Taking the day off today, the rain is going to be heavy all day.  See you tomorrow at High Street.  :), Thank you Eater!

http://eater.com/archives/2014/06/04/eater-food-truck-heatmap.php, Thank you Zagat Boston for including us in this cool write up on the Summer's best food trucks!

 http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/bostons-best-new-street-food-for-summer-2104?utm_campaign=-&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=boston&utm_term=#1, We are at Belvidere Street today (behind the Prudential, in front of the PF Chang's entrance) til 3pm.

We have a creamy pesto pizza special today!

With chicken or with fresh cherry tomatoes, $10., Gorgeous day to head to the Greenway for lunch!  

Tables, chairs, charging stations, grass to picnic on (if tables and chairs aren't your thing), and PIZZA.  

High Street at Rowes Wharf til 3pm., If you happen to be at the Xfinity Center today, aka Great Woods, we are vending outside in the parking lot today., We are at High Street today until 1pm!  TGIF, In case you normally cannot reach us during the day, here is a chance!

Tonight from 6-10 we will be in Somerville with the super awesome Taco Party truck!

The address on the flyer says Tyler but the entrance for the trucks is via Park Street diagonally across from Rite Aid.  There is a little area set up with tables and chairs, super kid friendly.

And today from 11-3, we will be at our usual spot on Stuart Street., Belvidere Street today til 3! Right in front of the PF Changs entrance at the Pru., We are off today in remembrance of Memorial Day.

Thinking of those who lost their lives to protect our freedoms.

If you are in town, check out the Boston Common Garden of Flags, it is stunning (photos from BostInno)., Sowa foodtruck food court at 540 Harrison Avenue til 4 with all of the BEST trucks in town. Something for everyone., We will be at the SoWa open market today til 4.

Tons of food trucks, crafters, and antiques. 

http://newenglandopenmarkets.com/sowa-food-trucks/, Ice cream, PIZZA, Legoland, and train rides!

We are at Assembly Row in Somerville for the Grand Opening of Legoland til 9!, We are at Legoland today in Somerville at Assembly Row til 9 pm.

Come get a pizza, catch a movie, grab an ice cream at JP Licks!, Going to the opening of Legoland tonight in Somerville at Assembly Row???

We will be there, selling our pizzas, from 5-9, right in front of the new JP Licks.

Tomorrow too!

Now is your time to come try us if you cannot get to downtown Boston M-F! :), Stuart Street today, a block down from Dartmoth.  11:30-3!, There is an event in our usual spot at Dewey Square today, so look for us behind the mural!  11-3, come pick up a pizza and have a nice picnic., Belvidere Street today til 3.  You can find us near the fountain, in back of The Pru, near the PF Chang's entrance!, For those of you who cannot reach us during the week, we will be vending at the cool new Assembly Row in Somerville this Friday night and Saturday day.  

Saks Off 5th is opening Friday, and JP Licks and the movie theater are already open.  Good place for kids (although Legoland is not open yet), nice open outdoor space and courtyard!


http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2014/05/19/saks-fifth-avenue-off-gears-for-friday-opening-somerville-assembly-row/eLWASVqsJGS0tUtlJlFJyK/story.html?s_campaign=sm_tw, Looking to kill a few minutes at work while helping your friends here at Stoked?

We are so proud of the way our truck design came out, and it was all due to the hard work of our friend Scott Williams.

Mobile Cuisine is having a contest to find the best truck design, and we would love to see him (and our truck) get nominated!

The nominations are based soley on the amount of entries, so if you could take 45 seconds and fill this out we would really appreciate it!

All you need to put in the form is your name, email address, and "Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. from Boston" as your nomination.

Thank you and come see us at High Street today from 11-3!

http://mobile-cuisine.com/features/2014-best-food-truck-graphic-design-contest/?wt=10, TGIF everybody!!!

We are so proud of the way our truck design came out, and it was all due to the hard work of our friend Scott Williams.

Mobile Cuisine is having a contest to find the best truck design, and we would love to see him (and our truck) get nominated!

The nominations are based soley on the amount of entries, so if you could take 45 seconds and fill this out we would really appreciate it!

All you need to put in the form is your name, email address, and "Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. from Boston" as your nomination.

Thank you and have a nice weekend!!!

http://mobile-cuisine.com/features/2014-best-food-truck-graphic-design-contest/?wt=10, Dewey Square, aka South Station from 11-3 today. Also Go B's!, Belvidere Street, back of Pru, until 3pm today., Absolutely perfect Spring day here at High Street. Come get lunch!  11-3., http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2014/05/09/our-food-truck-obsession-may-all-our-heads/KQUpivvn7BxHDrDwC1J1NN/story.html?s_campaign=email_BG_TodaysHeadline, Just want to share a few fun pieces of press we awoke to this morning...

Thank you The Boston Globe and Boston Magazine!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/05/10/ultimate-sowa-food-truck-guide/#.U24Q14hQqUQ.twitter

, High Street at Rowes Wharf in front of the Boston Harbor Hotel from 11-3 today!, Stuart Street!  Can we tempt you to get some pizza for lunch?  11:15-3 today., Sold out at Dewey Square, see you tomorrow Stuart Street!, Beautiful day Boston!  Come see us in Dewey Square, South Station, til 3pm., We are at Belvidere Street til 3pm.   

Toirm's daughter is enjoying a pizza today as well!, High Street in front of the Boston Harbor Hotel from 11-3 today. 

Give our new lunch special a try!

Spicy sriracha chicken- mozzarella, caramelized onions, fire roasted chicken, spicy sriracha sauce $9, Thinking about lunch yet?, Come see us at the Mayfair street celebration today from 12-6 in Harvard Sq.!, We are at Belvidere Street by the Christian Science Center fountain til late afternoon. Beautiful day to come into the city!, We are at Rowes's Wharf, High Street, til 3pm!  Cookie Face has made port soaked cherry chocolate cookies and coconut lime cookies. Nice tables and chairs out here too. Celebrate the sunshine!, We are at Stuart Street today til 3!, Top three pies for April:  1. Pepperoni 2. Buffalo chicken  3. Mushroom

Thank you for a great opening month Boston!, As our first full month of operation comes to a close, any guesses to the number one selling pizza in April?, Out of dough!  See you tomorrow, Thursday, at Stuart Street for lunch!, Dewey Square til 3pm today!, The best pizza and the best cookies. 

Belvidere Street from 11:30-3 today, near PF Chang's behind the Prudential., Looking for something fun to do on Sunday??

We will be vending at the Harvard Square Mayfair celebration. 

Bands, vendors, beer garden...pizza!

http://www.harvardsquare.com/mobile/articles.aspx?id=353, Serving lunch now til 3pm on High Street on the Greenway aka Rowes Wharf!, Scott talking about pizza of course!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/04/25/stoked-wood-fired-pizza-company-food-truck-in-boston/, Schedule change!  We are no longer in Chinatown on Fridays.  Find us at High Street on the Greenway. 

11-3 today!, Someone on Twitter yesterday said the pizza was so good that a "wizard must be driving!"  

We are at Stuart Street til 3pm. Come see what he was talking about. 

The wizard is Scott, obviously., Cool Boston Globe article about the rookie trucks, including us!

Anybody know if this is in the print edition as well?

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/04/22/new-food-trucks-greenway-serve-bacon-crepes-pizza-deli-and-more/8q3zMhF8GofW2BOWdNA25L/story.html, You know what cures gloomy days?  PIZZA AND BROWNIES. 

Dewey Square, South Station, from 11:30-3 today., Check it out!  A pic of the port soaked cherry chocolate cookies and a pic of the butternut squash and bacon special (pic of pizza courtesy of www.2lunchcrew.com).  Pizza can be made vegetarian if you wish, just an fyi. :)

Hungry yet?, Today, Tuesday, we are Belvidere Street for lunch and dinner!  Right behind the Pru, at the Christian Science Center water fountain. 

We are serving up our first lunch special, butternut squash and bacon pizza with a balsamic glaze. Special cookie today too, chocolate with port soaked cherries!

See you at 11am!, We are at High Street from 11-3 today!  Lunch special:  butternut squash and bacon with a balsamic reduction., We are enjoying the day off today with family. Hope you are all enjoying this sunny day. See you tomorrow!, Still serving up pies out here!  Belvidere Steet behind the Pru!, Haven't made it in to try us yet?  

Well today is the perfect day to come into the city!  It is sunny and the city is full of awesome vibes this weekend!

We are by the Christian Science Center fountain, behind the The Pru, on Belvidere Street.

You can bring the kids, get a pizza or two, and sit by the fountain before you head to Boylston Street to check out the Marathon stuff.

OH and the swan boats launch today too!

#bostonforever, Just lunch today. Chinatown til 3pm!, Did you know that the awesome girl who takes your order at our window, Angela, is also our talented in-house baker?!  Check out her treats, sold under the name "Cookie Face". 

Today on board we have chocolate chip and brownie cookies. They are exceptionally delicious., We are on Stuart Strret today from 11:30-3, then over at Belvidere Street from 3:30-7!, Thank you to the Weekly Dig and to Kielty!  

http://digboston.com/boston-food-drinks/2014/04/fire-truck-a-snapshot-of-stoked-wood-fired-pizza-companys-first-week/, Hungry?  We are at Belivedere Street right now, behind the Pru.  In front of the Christian Science Center fountain., Don't be scared, the sun is out!, Sold out for the day, see you tomorrow. Thank you to everyone who came out in the rain. 

❤️ Boston ❤️, Belvidere Street all day...

We would be remiss to not mention the gravity of this day in our beloved town. Heroes roam these streets...

Boston, we love you today and every day. #bostonremembers, Beautiful day out there!  

High Street on the Greenway for lunch., We have taken the weekend off, see you Monday!, RED ALERT! 

I was just told the boys had an emergency, so they are not at Northeastern right now, but they will be there in 30 minutes!  

So sorry!!!, Thank you so much Hub Food Trucks!  You have been so supportive Steven, we really appreciate it.

http://hubfoodtrucks.com/2014/04/10/random-notes-april-10/, Dinner!, If you are thinking about your lunch..., We are going to run out of dough, will be here til 6pm, after that we will be gone...come and get it for the next 30!, Dinner or snack, we won't judge.

Belvidere 4-the dough runs out, should be good for a few hours at least., It's a beautiful Spring day!  

Come pick up a pizza, sit in Copley Sq., and enjoy some well deserved sunshine on your face.

Stuart Street from 11-3., Out of everything!  See you tomorrow!, Come take lunch in the sunshine. We are at Dewey Square, South Station from 11-3!, The rain is supposed to clear out, think about some pizza for lunch!  

We will be on Belvidere Street, behind the Pru, starting at 11:30 am., Dinner time., I for one could go for some pizza today!, null, Week one under our belts!

This really is a dream come true, and nothing makes us happier than feeding you all. 

Thank you to our friends and family for all of your support. 

Thank you Beantown, see you Monday., The boys are in traffic behind a funeral so it is looking like Noon!, Dinner is up!, Hungry yet?, Restocked and ready to go!  It's a beautiful day in the Back Bay, come enjoy the sunshine with a pizza :), How cute are Scott's niece and nephew?  They are in town supporting Scott this week!, Lunch 11 am til 3 pm!, So far so good over here!  Had anyone tried it?  Let us know how it is., Tentative weekly schedule, there will be rare days when service does not happen, or a shift is cut short.  Please check here for up to date daily schedules.

Monday, High Street (Rose Kennedy Greenway) 11 am - 3 pm

Tuesday. Belvidere, 11 am - 3 pm

Wednesday, Dewey Square, aka South Station, 11 am- 3pm

Thursday, Stuart Street (John Hancock Tower), 11 am - 3pm

Friday, High Street, 11 am - 3 pm

Saturday, 11am- 3 pm

We will post closing times on Twitter at @stokedpizza., Menu for opening week:

Our dough is hand made daily with sea salt and a blend of 100%  organic flours.

Our pecorino romano is aged for a minimum of 6 months, and is imported from Italy.

$6 marinara -  tomato sauce, fresh garlic, sea salt, olive oil (this can be made with our without our pecorino romano, a sheep's milk cheese that is naturally low in lactose) 

$8 cheese - tomato sauce, mozzarella, pecorino romano, olive oil 

$9 pepperoni -  tomato sauce, mozzarella, pecorino romano, ground artisan pepperoni

$9 mushroom - mozzarella, pecorino romano, seasoned mushrooms with a hint of roasted garlic, truffle oil (optional)

$9 buffalo chicken - mozzarella, pecorino romano, fire braised chicken, buffalo sauce, fresh garlic, gorgonzola dolce imported from Italy
 
$9 buffalo brussel sprout - mozzarella, pecorino romano, fresh picked brussel sprout leaves, buffalo sauce, fresh garlic, gorgonzola dolce
    

$3 daily selection of cookies and brownies made by our in house pastry chef "Cookie Face" 
     
$1 bottled water 
$2 sparkling water

Our marinara is a vegan pizza if made without the romano cheese. The mushroom and cheese pizza can be made vegan with the substitution of "Daiya" brand soy/dairy free mozzarella.

Thank you and we look forward to serving you soon!, While the boys are running around taking care of tons of last minute business before opening day tomorrow, let me tell that the truck is also going to be selling delicious homemade baked goods made by our friend Angela.  

Ang is a talented home baker that answered our call to help create delicious sweets.  So come support her (and our) jump to the professional arena!

http://www.cookieface.net/, Almost go time!  Tuesday is opening day. 

Thank you Improper Bostonian!

http://www.improper.com/blogs/the-stoked-guys-want-you-to-want...their-pizza/, Thank you rundown.com!  Love reading about what to try at the other new trucks. 

The countdown to opening day is on...8 days until pizza. 

http://rundown.com/bos/8808-dining-dash, Thank you Boston Magazine!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/03/20/stoked-pizza-truck-boston/, buffalo chicken woohoo!, Sorry to post again about the same thing but this is a pretty cool Boston Magazine article and it includes the entire Greenway schedule (also it is exciting to see our truck in the picture).

In addition to our Greenway days, we will be at the Christian Science Center on Tuesdays and by the Pru on Thursdays. Full detailed schedule will be posted before launch day.

All kinds of great food to be had!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/03/18/2014-food-truck-schedule-revealed/, Proud to be vending on the Rose Kennedy Greenway on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday starting in April (full schedule including city spaces on other days will be posted).

The Greenway just put out their press release about the 2014 Boston good truck season. 

Happy to be a part of Beantown's emerging food truck scene. 

Two weeks til go time!

http://www.rosekennedygreenway.org/files/9313/9515/8332/2014_MobileEats_vf.pdf, Thank you Boston Barstool Sports!  

We are also looking forward to serving up some pies as part of Mayor Walsh's new late night pilot program (we have just one late night slot, Friday nights at Northeastern).


http://boston.barstoolsports.com/m/random-thoughts/ranking-the-boston-late-night-food-trucks-that-can-serve-till-midnight-starting-april-1st/, A little oven maintenance earlier today. Good thing Toirm is skinny., getting closer to dialing in this oven :), Getting to know the oven!  (Scott got a little too close and gave himself some burnt tips), Late afternoon practice session..., Yup., Firing off the first pie!, Happy Birthday Scott! 

You are a great pizzaiolo and friend, one that has kept many of us on here well fed and laughing for many years! Viva Scott, Happy Valentine's Day Friends ❤️, null, Sorry to clog your feed, just excited to see that a lot of people have discovered what is happening today!  

http://www.boston.com/blogs/ae/restaurants/the-restaurant-hub/2014/02/letters-to-cleo-pizza-truck.html, In an amazing feat of super sleuthing, Eater Boston, writes about Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. looking for a pizza chute engineer...anyone in the pizza chute/shoot business?  

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/02/11/stoked-pizza-passes-inspection-needs-pizza-shoot.php, We passed the inspection!  It's officially ON., Currently making sure everything is in order for inspection this week...In the meantime, thanks again Eater Boston for including us in this pretty spectacular list of places opening soon. So many spots to look forward to checking out!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/02/10/the-colossal-2014-restaurant-openings-guide.php , After a 25 hour journey halfway across the country in sub-zero temperatures, she is HERE and she is awesome!, Sneak peek of the truck..., We got some updated truck pictures last night. Graphics will be put on soon, then it is time to go get her!, Lots and lots of little things being taken care of these days: insurance, exterior graphics, city licenses, taste testings, and wood sourcing. 

No Sleep Till Pizza!, Looking forward to some of the other rookie food trucks that will be alongside us this Spring... Moyzilla and Cameo Macaron.  Dumplings and French Macarons!  

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/01/19/the-week-in-eater-openings-closings-more.php, She is all painted and looking good!, null, Alright, here is the 2014 lunch schedule starting Spring 2014!

Monday: High Street - Financial district
Tuesday: Belvidere at the Christian Science Center
Wednesday: Dewey Square
Thursday: Stuart Street at Hancock Tower 
Friday: Chinatown, Got some good news just now from the guys who are still at the lottery. They are happy with their spots!  When I get the specific spots I will post. 

In the meantime, thank you Eater Boston!   

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/01/15/a-6000pound-woodfired-pizza-oven-on-wheels.php#reader_comments, Heading to the Boston Food Truck lottery this afternoon to determine where we will be vending on Tuesday and Thursday during the week (Monday, Wednesday, and Friday it has already been determined we will be at a few different spots on the Rose Kennedy Greenway).

Wish us luck, lot of new trucks this year!

We will post an update later...fingers crossed for now., Good news, truck is ahead of schedule!  The people over at MAG Trucks are doing a really quick job!  Still shooting for an early Spring launch however, but it will be great to have the truck sooner than later.

Toirm thought this might be an interesting article about the builders to check out.  MAG trucks just finished the NHL Flyers Mobile Store and it looks pretty great (although, GO B's!).

http://magtrucks.com/specialty-vehicles/mobile_marketing_trucks_trailers/nhl-experiential-marketing-vehicle/, detail pics..., It took five men and six hours but the 6,000 pound oven is IN the truck!, Just a heads up....Scott and Toirm are not on Facebook, this is Meredith, Toirm's wife posting.  I just don't want anyone to be bummed out when Scott or Toirm don't answer your specific comments!  xo, detail pics..., null, null, Some pictures of the build out progress...the truck is an International step van and the wood fired oven is a Renato., Hi everyone! 

Boston is a pretty small world so many of you might already know Scott, and his pizza. Or maybe you know Toirm, his Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. partner, from any of the many restaurants he has worked in.  

If not, here is a story the Boston a Globe wrote about Scott's pizza a while back. Pics of the truck to follow!

http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2010/09/15/music_producer_scott_riebling_shares_some_of_his_pizza_making_secrets/, More info and pictures coming soon! 🍕)