List(People are losing their minds over the mac & cheese burger., People travel from far and wide to eat Di Fara's pies., This hotel in Chile is made entirely out of shipping containers., Who knew dozens of fish eating your skin would make for a great pedicure?, The shaved ice cream craze has arrived., There’s a festival in the middle of the desert where people send thousands of lanterns into the sky at once., This glass walkway is a giant rainbow., This Indian street food is taking over New York., This NYC gastropub took milk and cookies to the next level., This guy is highlining hundreds of feet over a canyon in Brazil on a 1-inch strap., This place in Cambodia is for fearless eaters only., NYC's Quality Italian combines French toast with dessert., This is really impressive., Forget first class, this flight comes with a butler., This capsule hotel in Japan lets you sleep in a futuristic pod for $40 a night., Check out Semana Santa, a unique and colorful festival held in the Latin world the week before Easter.

Thanks for the beautiful video Matador Network., The avocado toast at this NYC café is flawless., This hotel room is inside a shark tank., There's a "general store" in NYC that serves a delicious smoked eel sandwich., An NYC chef just revamped the Choco Taco and it's delicious., This place in NYC makes a Mac & Cheese burger., In New York, there's place where you can buy $100 doughnuts made with Champagne and real gold., The Great Barrier Reef is turning white and it's a horrible sign for the environment.

Thanks to WWF Australia for the footage., Every five years, this marine port in Amsterdam has insane traffic.

Thanks to Drone Addicts for the footage., They're called "Fries with the Works" for a reason., It's hard to tell where the ocean ends and the pool begins!, Mid-April is the best time to see these beautiful tulips!, Tater tots + Nachos = TOTCHOS!, "It feels like a secret garden in New York City.", No beaches to be found here, but they do have an incredible wine cellar., Three teens climbed 1400 feet up a skyscraper — without safety gear., These sick kids got to go to their dream destinations., Peru's 1,500 year-old water wells still work., An all-in-one device for the traveler on the go., This hidden gem just might be NYC's best rooftop bar., Good news for underwater explorers., These Dutch tulip fields in full bloom are like nothing else on Earth., The story of Mongolia's nomadic eagle hunters is insane. 

Thanks Matador Network for the absolutely stunning footage., People stand at the edge of a 1,000-foot cliff to see this horseshoe-shaped river in Arizona., Don't lick it., What will you taste today?, A 138-year-old British sea fort is now a floating luxury hotel., This gorgeous pool is on top of the ocean., null, null, We're on Instagram, too., Two of the world’s best cliff divers jumped off the world’s largest waterfall., This lake is bright pink, and no one knows why., Did you know you can find our travel videos on YouTube too?, This is the coolest treehouse in the world., There’s a remote spot in Hawaii that’s constantly spewing lava., This Romanian salt mine was converted into an incredible, underground amusement park., Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris are doing a beach vacation right., The bustling capital on Game of Thrones is actually an ancient city in Croatia., This is what Disneyland’s mysterious $40,000-per-person secret club looks like., The best time to start planning your vacation? Right now., These guys have a super unique way of exploring the world — on unicycle!

Thanks for the story Matador Network!, This defunct oil rig in the middle of the ocean is now a hotel for divers., Troll's Tongue is a cliff in Norway with a breathtaking view., This luxury hotel in China looks like a doughnut., This guy left home in Canada to see the world. He's taken selfies on six continents., These Japanese dolls have been made the same way for 200 years., Here's how to say "Cheers!" in 28 different languages., Tourists climb a spiral staircase to the bottom of this creepy well in Portugal., This is the side of Rome tourists never see., This bridge is made of grass. It hangs over a 220-foot drop., This company will transport you to super remote islands for vacation. And it's not even that expensive., This is a sparty: a party in Budapest's ancient Roman spas., INSIDER culture is the latest addition to the INSIDER family. Like us for all things buzzworthy!, This wing lets you fly underwater., Would you climb these illegal stairs for an incredible view?, This little pub on the East Coast is the best bar in America., The "Uber of helicopters" lets elite New Yorkers bypass city traffic., A town in Taiwan built a church that looks like a giant high heel so people would take selfies with it., What it looks like to drive a snowmobile through a major metropolitan area., This otherworldly forest in China is straight out of Avatar., Lahore has some amazing-looking street food., This new Walt Disney World attraction is a true spectacle., The desert where they filmed The Martian and every other Mars movie looks freakishly similar to the red planet., This company offers getaways to super remote, private islands — and they're totally affordable., I climbed 782 feet straight up to get to the best skiing in Colorado., A guy dangled off a 1,500-foot TV tower and got an unreal view., One of the coolest stairways on Earth., New Yorkers never complain about the subway...

Thanks Matador Network!, There's a wild party on top of a Colorado mountain where people drench each other in champagne., Flying underwater is the new snorkeling., Mexico sank its own boat to create an underwater park., A couple who spent years traveling the world explain how "living the dream" almost ruined their relationship., This company drops you off on an uninhabited island for $90 a night., These water buffalo races are like Thailand's Kentucky Derby., Two of his marble runs are on display at a museum in England., Russia's Crazy Toilet restaurant is for people who like potty humor., The couple that competes together (in this totally bizarre wife-carrying competition), stays together., Here's what it's like to feed an elephant in Thailand., This Japanese dish is one of the craziest things you'll ever eat., This terrifying ride down a mountain is the best way to see Switzerland., Here's the Irish island where they filmed the most gorgeous scene from the newest Star Wars., Kids go to school in this floating pyramid in Lagos Lagoon., These weekly bath parties in Budapest’s ancient Roman spas are absolute ragers., Dubrovnik, Croatia looks like it's frozen in time. Gorgeous.

No wonder they picked it to play King's Landing in Game of Thrones., The Netherlands is building houses that float on water., I spent all day zip-lining in the Dominican Republic. You won't believe how little it cost., China's abandoned "Walt Disney World" is super creepy., Now you can go on safari ... on the world's most decadent train ride., New York City's $4 billion train station is a giant waste of money., This restaurant in Portland is called Duckfat, and there's a great reason why., This Norwegian man makes incredible art just by walking., China has the highest bridge in the world. People like to jump from it so they can achieve "terminal velocity.", People literally live under a rock in this Spanish town., One of these is a historic alpine village— and one is fake., The 'Sushi Burrito' has hit NYC and it's amazing., This whirlpool-shaped aquarium is definitely worth checking out the next time you're in Denmark., The world's coolest Starbucks is in Japan. There are 2,000 wooden sticks jutting out of the walls., This guy quit his job to high-five the world., Never travel alone again., The new tallest building in the world will have 200 floors., An 18-year-old broke the law to climb Egypt's Great Pyramid in broad daylight.

But what a view., These Tasmanian pillars are 200 feet tall, and some people are brave enough to climb them., One of the UK's greatest treasures., Mexico sank its own boat to create an underwater park., This lake is right on top of the ocean., There's a tropical paradise inside an old Soviet airplane hangar near Berlin., Instagram from here to there and everywhere in between., Want a python massage? 

Then go to this zoo in the Philippines., This is definitely the scariest way to see the Norwegian Fjords., Why do we only see 4 colors of passports?, The most breathtaking canyons in the world..., There's a full bar on this giant airliner., This Icelandic hotel is the perfect place to see the Northern Lights., Where will you roam today?, This gorgeous sandwich is from a Cambodian joint in NYC., Somewhere in the Persian gulf…, This suitcase turns into a dresser in seconds., Porto is like Lisbon — minus the crowds.

Thank you Kirill Neizhmakov for the amazing footage. Find him on YouTube here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCI5JeL8rSc&feature=youtu.be, The world's longest glass-bottom bridge is in China — and it's terrifying., We'll have to try it out, just to be sure., A guy free climbed up the side of a 330-foot sinkhole in a Lebanese gorge.

Incredible footage courtesy of Red Bull., This is Cat Island, the Japanese island where cats outnumber humans., This bus will drive you to drink, but in a good way!, This isn’t fire flowing down a mountain. It’s water. 

There's a waterfall in Yosemite that looks like this for a couple weeks every February, and it's a must-see., This couple sold everything to travel the world together., How the famous Instagram #FollowMeTo couple earned millions of followers., This drone footage will make you want to explore Scotland's wilderness., Instagram isn't real life., The world's smallest nightclub is the size of a phone booth., This Venetian island is renowned for its glass factories., This couple ditched their 9-5 jobs and make a living traveling the world., Arizona's Antelope Canyon is beyond unique., Slovenia is home to an insane vertical race on a hill that's usually used in ski jumping., These people are swimming around at the edge of the world's largest waterfall., People from all over travel to Chile for this legendary downhill bike race., This human-sized web is 400 feet above a canyon., People in Taiwan are freaking out over this ‘upside down’ house., Feeling stressed? This room in Toronto lets you take your anger out by smashing everything in sight., How to take the ultimate NYC Instagram picture., This gorgeous time lapse of Paris makes you feel like you’re there., The UK might not be known for its beaches, but it has a few worth visiting., The employees at this Japanese hotel are incredibly warm and friendly. But did I mention they're all robots?, This woman quit her desk job three years ago to travel the world on her own., Scuba divers can touch two continents at once at Silfra in Iceland.

Thanks to www.magmadive.is for sharing!, See Greenland's vast, untouched wilderness.

For more, check out Alex Nail Photography: http://read.bi/1O3jtp5, Have fun; be safe., Sleep with the fishes in this insane underwater hotel room in the Indian Ocean., This inflatable hoodie is a must-have for travelers., How the world’s largest cruise ship was built., It feels like planes are landing right on top of you at this beach in Sint Maarten., These towers in Milan are the modern-day Hanging Gardens of Babylon., This is the soul of Turkey., The best bar in Portland, Maine, is down an alley, behind a parking garage, in a basement., This terrifying glass skywalk overlooks a Canadian glacier., There's a room in Poland where people can go in and smash everything in sight., This hotel in China is shaped like a doughnut., These places are truly off the grid.

Thanks for the story Matador Network!, This adult summer camp is like a frat party on steroids, and it's only held in nine U.S. states., Little girl goes through every stage of human emotion on her first roller coaster at Disneyland., Imagine walking out onto your balcony and having views like this., This hotel is underneath a waterfall in the middle of the Chilean rainforest.

It's called "Magic Mountain" and it definitely earns its name., Sports Illustrated flew a model to Malta for this year's swimsuit edition. She says everyone should visit the island., Tasmania is the perfect place to see the stars without the haze of light pollution., This working crane is actually a luxury hotel in the Netherlands., This isn't an ordinary plane — it's a flying super-yacht., Europe’s first underwater museum looks incredible., These tourists were skiing down a mountain when they almost ran into a rare snow leopard., Forget the classic cars — these goofy-looking taxis are the best way to get around Havana., Check out the spectacular safari camp in Tanzania that draws celebrities like Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel., Liechtenstein is less than 62 square miles big.

But every inch of it is breathtaking., 50 million crabs take over an entire island every year., Most humans never see this side of Australia., Most humans never see this side of Australia., This hotel is made ENTIRELY of salt. Don't lick the walls you will get in trouble., Portugal’s Azores Islands are full of stunning natural wonders., Dallol looks like another planet. It's actually a popular tourist destination in Ethiopia., We went to the most notorious beach rave on the planet — Thailand's Full Moon Party., This is what it's like to be a piece of luggage at an airport.

You can see a 360-degree version of this video at http://www.schiphol.nl/Reizigers/OpSchiphol/Bagage/BagageVideo.htm, This Venezuelan street food is better than a taco., This girl quit her finance job to travel the world. She's already been to 50 countries., Next time you're in Italy, be sure to take a swim in the world's deepest pool., New Yorkers have been lining up for slices from Artichoke Basille's Pizza for years. 

(It's because of top secret sauce.), There's a lake in Palau where you can swim with millions of non-stinging jellyfish.
See more stunning underwater footage at www.saroshjacob.com., You can eat dinner under the sea at this restaurant in the Maldives., Here's an incredible sight from Crystal Springs, Florida., A billionaire is building an exact replica of the Titanic. 

Don't worry…he says it will be unsinkable this time., Vietnam's Halong Bay is one of the most beautiful places on earth.

See why you should add it to your travel bucket list., This is the happiest cemetery in the world., Get in tune with nature at this treehouse hotel in Sweden., Why are these people slathering themselves in mud?

BECAUSE BRAZIL!, Americans have rarely seen this beautiful side of Iran.

Suddenly, they're flying over in droves., This deaf man quit his startup career to travel the world., Check out the $10,000 Airbnb where Beyoncé stayed during the Super Bowl., Iceland's Blue Lagoon looks like it belongs on another planet., Iguazu Falls is one of the craziest waterfalls in the world. It makes Niagara Falls look tiny., How cool is this?

ICE COLD, Bulgarian thrill-seekers built an 18-story rope swing.

See more at www.StudioRubik.com and www.thisisleap.com, Katz's Delicatessen is a must-do for anyone visiting New York City. Order a pastrami sandwich and a potato knish and you won't be disappointed., A vacation gone horribly wrong…, People are flocking to this cliff in Brazil to take dangerous-looking pictures.

But there's more than meets the eye..., These overwater bungalows in Bora Bora are crazy cool., You could eat with the world's tallest mammals at Giraffe Manor in Kenya.

Special thanks to thesafaricollection.com., This bar in Denmark performs the coolest trick you will ever see at a bar — the Jägertrain., This Japanese island is overrun with hundreds of rabbits., It's hard to believe that Iceland is part of this planet., Thailand has awesome street food, like this omelette cooked in a banana leaf., Bratwurst are grilled by the hundreds at Berlin's winter market., Visiting New York? You won't want to miss these giant, gourmet doughnuts., They ran 7 marathons in 7 days on 7 continents…including Antarctica., There's a hotel in Canada made of ice. Would you spend a night?, These tourists were on safari when a leopard almost jumped right into their jeep., Imagine visiting an aquarium ... and seeing THIS., This guy flew business class from New York to Ghana for just $6.

Check out The Points Guy for more traveling tips and tricks., This treehouse hotel in Sweden has breathtaking views of the Northern Lights., A lost wonder of the world might return to Greece...and it looks like something straight out of Game of Thrones., This time-lapse footage shows why the Swiss Alps are the world's most majestic mountain range., Nazaré, Portugal has some of the biggest waves on the planet. This pro windsurfer crushed them., You can swim with the pigs on your next Caribbean vacation!, Sleep on the side of a cliff at this Peruvian resort., This couple postponed their wedding and used the money to sail the world instead., The world's longest glass-bottom bridge is in China — and it's terrifying., The hottest restaurant on earth is a pop-up in Sydney, Australia. There are 27,000 people on the waiting list., "Limbo skating" in India is a must-see., These glass igloos in the Finnish wilderness are the best way to stare at the Northern Lights all night., This is what 50,000 stranded travelers looks like. Rain and snow caused major delays in China., We found the best thing to eat at Berlin's winter market: roasted cake drizzled in chocolate., This frozen lake in Switzerland is completely translucent.

Walking on it is like floating on air., After 133 years of construction, Barcelona's Sagrada Familia is finally almost done., This guy proposed to his girlfriend in a shark tank while vacationing in Hawaii., We'd travel to Switzerland just for a plate of this cheesy, melty dish called raclette., This guy quit his job at an IT company to travel the world. 

It hasn't always been easy. He's living on $20 a day, and he once had all his camera equipment stolen — but Jordan Simons says he's loving his adventure., Japan's owl cafes are so popular, you'll need a reservation to visit one., null, An 18-year-old was able to start climbing an Egyptian Pyramid without anyone noticing.

That's because there's almost NO ONE THERE. People are too afraid of ISIS., For adventurous travelers only., You too can party with celebs at Sundance…for $10,000., Come work for INSIDER travel!, The best restaurant in Shanghai has no address, one table, and costs $900 a person., Instead of a 200-mile train ride, this guy took a 1,200-mile flight – for cheaper., null)