List(Soon...., Hard to believe we have been without it for 7 months, but today we turned on the gas, water and hot water heater. And, we are currently making ice. Cocktails to follow 
#FTJ2point0, Ok we know we said no more pics but we couldn't resist this one. Mint... #FTJ2point0, You lookin at us? Cause we're looking at you. The paper is down so if you are in the hood come take a peek at what we are doing inside! #FTJ2point0, Amber is a Flower Child, pretty as the Morning Dew who Remains in Light even in Indoor Recess. 
#CraftBeer Cambridge Brewing Company #DraftLines #CraftCans, We wont be posting any more photos of the renovation because we want you all to experience it yourselves.So here is a photo from 1.0 It's looking like April could be a magical month around here! #FTJ2point0, A splash of color. Getting closer... #FTJ2point0, FTJ 2.0 is gearing up to open soon and we are looking to add to our team. We are hiring for the following positions:

Chef/Kitchen manager, full time, salary plus commissions

Cooks, full and part time

Servers, All shifts

Bar Back, Part time

Please share and if you know anybody send them our way
Email John@flattopjohnnys.com, Guess what's going to occupy this spot on Monday? HINT: They're right on CUE. #FTJ2point0, Bar top testing — another very important piece of the puzzle. #FTJ2point0, It's like putting together a giant jigsaw puzzle and a very important piece was installed today. Cold #beer, anybody?, The floors have arrived. #FTJ2point0, Who's ready for #FTJ2point0? We are so looking forward to having you all back!, Thought you guys would appreciate the new network. #FTJ2point0, Can't wait to see all you dear hearts again #FTJ2.0, The new bar will have places to hang your stuff, Who's in?, null, The new bar has been marked and the kitchen is framed! #FTJ2.0, Paper is up. Somethings going on inside. S@&t just got real! #FTJ2.0, Just ordered a new beer system, a walk-in and two new dishwashers. #progress #FTJ2.0, When Flat Top's reopens, we will serve "The Lemmy", Happy New Year and thank you all for your support during a rough few months. We are looking forward to having you all back soon!, Looking for some fun on New Year's day? Join the FTJBC on a ride around Boston. Looking forward to many rides ending here this spring!
https://www.facebook.com/events/191413284541923/, May your days be merry and bright...⛄️🌲🎄, More from our pool table delivery!, It's truck day here at FTJ. A free hour of pool Gift Certificate for the first person to guess what's in the truck!, Did we mention we will also have a brand new courtyard when we open? #Flatio, Today we are thankful for progress and freshly poured concrete floors! We are also so very thankful for all of you sticking with us through this difficult time. Enjoy your family and friends these next few days and we will keep you all posted as we rebuild!, It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Werner Low. Werner was one of our family. He was a fixture at Flat Top's for many years where he honed his skill as a pool player. He was a regular at table 6 and always had a smile, a funny quip and a warm hello for staff and fellow guests alike. You will be missed friend.
For those of you who knew Werner there will be a service with details below

A celebration of Werner’s life will be held on Saturday November 21 from
11:30 - 12:30 pm at Mount Auburn Cemetery’s Story Chapel at 580 Mt. Auburn St, Cambridge, MA 02138. A reception will follow from 1:00-3:00pm in the Bigelow Chapel up the hill in Mount Auburn Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations in Werner's memory may be made to the charity of your choice. There will be an opportunity to share stories at all events., Progress sometimes is measured in small steps. That said, we have sub-floors!!!, So we put the giant party table up on wheels and out rolled a little time capsule from our 20th anniversary. I know we raised the roof at that party. But, to raise that table far enough to get a glass under it's solid metal base? #HotTamaleBand, Thank you Vets, The signs are pointing towards exciting new changes. Can't wait to see you all again!, So say FTJ 2.0 has 8 tap lines. If you were going to drink from all of them what would those beers be?
So far we have
CBC Amber/Porter
CBC Seasonal
Boulevard Tank 7
Notch Pilsner
Allagash White
Harpoon IPA
Guinness 
Downeast Cider
Feel free to comment below, suggest a few or all 8!, Who's excited for FTJ 2.0?, Putting a finish on some old furniture. Small projects keep us busy while we await architects drawings!, FTJ will represent here, come join us! 
https://www.facebook.com/events/1715048722060738/, We Have Lights!
Exciting progress here at renovation central, electricity to the space is back, our phone system is operational again ( feel free to crank us), pool tables have been picked out and ordered, and measurements for new flooring have been taken!, Still trying to get this customer to finish his drink and go home. Anybody missing a roommate?, ICYMI, for every can of Cambridge Brewing Company Flower Child that State Park sells, they're donating $1 to help FTJ rebuild: gofundme.com/loveFTJs

Cannot be more grateful for how generous the community has been!! #thankful, Good progress going on at FTJ! The demolition work should be complete today, and the clean up by early next week. Finalizing the order for pool tables soon and meeting with an architect next week. Onward and upward!, This is amazing. Thank you to our friends at Cambridge Brewing Company + State Park. Now, go drink all their beer!!, Still amazed at the outpouring of love & support we've experienced. Please continue to share this campaign, and we'll see you when we reopen!, Not dead yet! Working hard every day to get back open #FTJrebuild, TONIGHT: Our friends have organized an outdoor movie night fundraiser to help our seven part-time staff (family) members make ends meet while we are temporarily closed for renovation! <3, Due to a less than ideal weather forecast the Outdoor Movie Night fundraiser has been moved to Tuesday. Same time, same place. Thanks for understanding, and we hope everyone can still make it!, So much love for Boston Bike Party . They collected donations to help the staff get back on their feet. Thank you, all of you., ICYMI, we're raising money to support our staff members while we're closed.

We're amazed at all the generous support we've seen. Please continue to share this campaign., Here is another chance to help Flat Top Johnny's staff and in really fun way! Please come, null, As many of you know, on the evening of August 30th a fire broke out at One Kendall that left us covered in soot and water.

Thankfully, insurance will cover the facility repairs, and the lost wages of full-time staff, but four full-time staff and three part-time staff work for tips, and will not be taking home their regular earnings.

We're working hard to reopen, but it's gonna take a little while. We'd more than appreciate anything you could contribute to help out our staff during this time of need. As always, we are forever grateful for your amazing generosity and support, and we'll see you when FTJ is back and better than ever!, From Boss Man John Adams:

"I got the ducats, but you gotta pay for the ducats. These ducats get you into see a championship banner raised on Thursday night when the New England Patriots take on the dreaded Steelers. These tickets are going for $300/each on the web. But here is the good part. If you buy them, all the money is going directly to the staff of Flat Top Johnny's because they are out of work and could really use your help. Bid starts at $200 each. Buy these tickets!!! (I have 2)", Glad Tom Brady is back! Fire has us out of commission but rest assured we will be back too.

Julian Edelman New England Patriots Best Buddies Challenge, We want to extend our overwhelming gratitude to the Cambridge Fire Fighters Local 30 for their service this past weekend!

(Photo c/o Ed Morrissey Jr.), From our owner John Adams: 

"First of all I am so grateful for the overwhelming support you all have shown us these last two days. I am the luckiest man alive to be surrounded by such a warm and giving community of friends and family. 

Just to update you all, there was a fire that originated in the building outside of Flat Top Johnny's space. The fire and smoke spread through some duct work that runs through FTJ. The ducts were fire-rated and did their job containing the flames. 

Unfortunately FTJ suffered extensive water and smoke damage and will need major repairs. As we speak the carpets are being removed and the clean up has begun. We will be diligently working over the next few weeks to bring back your favorite local pool hall. 
And for every single one of you that has asked what you can do to help, my answer is, you already have.

Much Love", Due to an emergency at One Kendall we will be closed until further notice. Updates will come as needed. Thank you for your support during this time!, Hey Cambridge! Whether you're just waking up or heading off to brunch, stop in for half-priced tables all day. And if your competitive spirit is acting up, stick around for the 3pm pool tournament., This is definitely one of the nicest days of the entire summer! We'll cheers a locally sourced beer to that. Heck, we'll cheers three. #TGIF, Flat Top Johnny's is hiring a Kitchen Manager!

We're looking for an enthusiastic person to run our kitchen. 
-Good base salary
-Earn bonuses, and a percentage of all catering sales
-Flexibility
-Create your ideal menu
-Have fun!

Call 617-494-9565 or email John@flattopjohnnys.com and let's schedule an interview., This is here tonight. Stop being so crabby and play darts or pool while enjoying some Crabbie's USA in featured cocktails!, Monday, meet your match. Forget all about your work-related worries at tonight's pool tournament! 🎱, How are you spending the last of your weekend? We suggest grabbing some friends, some beers, and some cue sticks. 

Our tables are half-priced all day, and the tournament starts at 3pm!, We've made it through yet another work week and are ready to celebrate with cocktails and craft beer. Cheers, Kendall Square!, Yes there *is* some potato under all that shredded cheese, pulled pork, and BBQ sauce in our Texas Nachos. #nationalpotatoday, Some say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. We say beauty is in the eye of the cue stick holder. Either way, get here and strut your stuff at our 7pm pool tournament!, It's a good day for a great game. We've got half-priced tables all day and the pool tournament starts at 3pm. Let's close out the weekend right!!, Could it be? Another *beautiful* weekend in Kendall Square? You know where to find us., ♫♫ In the jungle, the mighty jungle, Bike Party rules the night ♫♫

Boston Bike Party goes WILD this Friday!! Ride leaves from Copley at 7:30pm., HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our boss man J.A.!! 🎉🎉🎉, Adventure waits for no one. Grab a cue and saddle up for tonight's 7pm pool tournament... it's time for some friendly competition., Come work with us!
Flat Top Johnny’s is looking for an enthusiastic person to run our kitchen.
Good base salary
Earn bonuses, and a percentage of all catering sales
Flexibility
Create your ideal menu
Have fun!
Send your resume to john@flattopjohnnys.com, or come in person to get a leg up!

We are also hiring Line Cooks for immediate shift openings, Sundays are not something to take lightly. Make the weekend gods happy by ending with half-priced pool (all day) and a good ol'  tournament (at 3pm). #Amen, Happy Friday, Kendall Square! Break free from your cubicle and let us welcome you into the weekend with some locally sourced beer and eats out on the patio., We're no rookie! For 20+ years Flat Top's have been providing pool, darts, pinball, food, and drink in One Kendall Square. Stop in and say hi — we'll save you a spot around the table., So you wanna be a ball star? Come and strut your stuff in our Monday night pool tournament, beginning at 7pm! If those nerves start to get the best of you, don't worry — we have tons of locally sourced craft beer waiting., Today our friendly host John Adams was #553. The first person to guess the significance of that number will win a free FTJ t-shirt!, Whatcha doin today?
https://www.facebook.com/events/904462279624768/, Whether outside on the patio or inside on the felt, Friday night at Flat Top's is always a good time! We'll see everyone soon for craft beer and cocktails., One of our favorite things about Kendall Square? There's always 1000 things to do! 

Tonight in the square there's BYOP (Bring Your Own Pup) at Cambridge Spirits, the "Berklee After Five" Jazz Music Series at Kendall Plaza, and of course you can always beat the heat with a movie at Kendall Square Cinema. No matter what you choose, come by before or after for some craft beer + billiards!, Happy National Chicken Wing Day!! Come in and try ours in Garlic Sriracha (pictured), BBQ, Spicy BBQ, Buffalo, or Honey Mustard!, It's your weekly pool tip, c/o The United States Professional Poolplayers Association (UPA)!, Mondays can kinda suck, but that's no reason to feel down. Hop on over for locally sourced beer + the weekly pool tournament!, It's the perfect day for a couple rounds of pool! (But really, when isn't?) Stop in for half-priced tables all day, and stick around for the tournament at 5pm., A few showers are possible, but overall we're heading into another beautiful summer weekend in Kendall Square! Come hang on the patio for guaranteed good times., Join BABES (Boston Area Beer Enthusiasts Society) for a leisurely 4-5 mile ride from Copley ending at Flat Top's TONIGHT, where you'll enjoy cider from Bantam Cider and beer from Smuttynose Brewing Co. on the patio. Women from Smuttynose Brewing and Bantam Cider will be on hand to talk about the beer and cider!!, Happy #NationalHotDogDay! We know at least one chili cheese dog that could use a friend today...., The lunch hour is upon us, and you deserve a break. Whether you're a vegetarian or just need a reprise from all those summertime hotdogs, head over to the patio for a veggie burger!, Cue Tip Tuesday is here again! Thanks to our friends over at The United States Professional Poolplayers Association (UPA)., Boston Bike Party for the win!!, Are you a ball star? #PROVEIT. Show those skills on the felt tonight!, BABES (Boston Area Beer Enthusiasts Society) on Bikes comes to FTJ this Thursday! Embark on this 4-5 mile bike ride ending out on our patio for cider from Bantam Cider + beer from Smuttynose Brewing Co.

Women from Smuttynose and Bantam, including Lee Lord from Smuttynose Brewery, will be on hand to talk about the beer and cider. BABE ON!, It's #HOT. If you're into the heat, grab a couple cold ones out on the patio. If you'd rather hang in the AC, come inside for half-priced tables all day, and the pool tourney at 5pm! See everyone soon., Hello Friday, we've really missed you. #CHEERS, SUN'S OUT, [hamburger] BUNS OUT! Get to the patio for some locally sourced eats, beer, and a whole bunch of good times., The forecast says rain tonight, but either way you'll find us by the red felt because tables are FREE after 9pm! #RackEmUp, Good times with Mighty Squirrel & Boston Bike Party last Friday!, It's all fun and games until.... well, it's always fun and games.

Photo by @brewerhnich!, Come one, come all, and show off how you BALL at tonight's pool tournament!! We'll see you on the felt., This is today! Forgo the packed beach and come outfit your pup in an awesome Pabst Blue Ribbon x Boston bandana. PLUS $3 tallboys, $7 Johnny dogs, and Blue Dog Bakery treats!, Babes Bike Boston after party!, Lookin' good, Kendall Square! It's gonna be a beautiful weekend, so you can find us hanging outside on the patio with some burgers and beers ALL DAY LONG., AHOY MATEY! Boston Bike Party sets sail across the high seas on the hunt for TREASURE ISLAND tonight at 7:30pm!! After party at FTJ!, This bad boy is back today. Can you take on the Union Square Donuts Maple Bacon Donuts CHEESEBURGER?

Try it inside or on the patio!, #TBT: That time Flat Top's was featured in the comics!, #repost @mandaa568 on Instagram: Free pool after 9pm? Don't mind if we do 🍺🎱, Tuesday is here once again. Time for another tip from the United States Professional Poolplayers Association!

"Keep your eyes on the table when the other player is shooting so the layout will be familiar to you when it's your turn to shoot. This will be especially important if you ever play a match where you are put on a shot clock.", Dog owners unite: Sunday is Pabst Blue Ribbon x Boston's YAPPY HOUR at Flat Top's! 

$3 PBR Tallboys | $7 Johnny Dogs | Blue Dog Bakery Giveaways, In a few hours these tables will be filled with pool sharks ready to take on the competition.... Will you be one of them?

[photo: @thanarat_guide], If you're not stuck sitting in traffic after yesterday's festivities, head on down for half-off tables all day and the weekly tourney at 5pm.

Like a side of soccer with your pool? #USAvJPN starts at 7 — get here for pre-game beer and wings!, We're open normal hours all day! May your #4thofJuly be filled with craft beer, red felt, and tons of #FREEDOM., Sticking around Cambridge for #4thofJuly weekend? We're open regular hours, so stop by for some of your favorite things., Cheers to the official start of #4thofJuly weekend! You know where to find us tonight., It's not the day of the week, but how you spend it. Make the most of this hump day with some quality pool time, free after 9pm!, #poolfactoftheday, Are you a true baller? Find out tonight at our weekly pool tournament, starting at 7pm. The tables are calling — better pick up the phone!, null, It's too cold to go swimming, but we have a different (read: better) kind of pool you can play with. Half off tables all day, and the tourney starts at 5pm!

📷: @lamierdita on Instagram, Saturday is a terrible thing to waste. Take full advantage!, And these parties so often end up here. Way to go BBP!, Today's truly a day of celebrations — Happy Friday, we'll see you on the felt!, #LoveWins., It's 5pm, which means you don't need to work anymore... and it's Thursday, which means you deserve a couple locally sourced beers. So stop whatever project you're toiling away at and come say hey!, Get over the hump with a little help from our friends. These grilled and tasty wings come coated in Garlic Sriracha, BBQ, Spicy BBQ, Buffalo, or Honey Mustard!, It's Cue Tip Tuesday from the good people at The United States Professional Poolplayers Association (UPA)!, Close that laptop and take out your Monday frustrations on the tables. The weekly pool tourney starts at 7!, If the rain is forcing us inside on #FathersDay, might as well spend it playing pool. 

Bring dad (or just bring yourself and some friends) for half-priced tables all day, and if you're feeling competitive, stick around for the weekly Sunday night pool tourney at 5pm!, Who's down for some patio beers today?, From The Boston Skeeball League:

"For all you snap chatters out there... we have some awesome PBR prizes for anyone who gets SkeeBOSTON featured today! If you swing by The Greatest Bar or Flat Top Johnny's today make sure you submit some skeeball footage!", Hello beautiful. Find Union Square Donuts' awesome Maple Bacon Donuts in our Maple Bacon Donut CHEESEBURGER, available at Flat Top's every Friday!

[photo by @amc121090], #TBT, He makes it look so easy!, #repost @kfaeldonia! //

If you're sticking around Kendall Square for a movie or dinner tonight, swing by when you're done for a couple rounds of pool... it's free after 9pm every Wednesday!, It's #CueTipTuesday, courtesy of the fine folks over at The United States Professional Poolplayers Association (UPA)!, Now that you've made it through yet another Monday, reward yourself with an awesome combination of cocktails and wings. Your brain will thank you., Sunday Funday is right! The tourney starts at 5pm today, but if you're more into a casual game of pool we offer half-priced tables all day. Round up the gang and head down to 1 Kendall Square. See you soon!, Flat Top's is #wickedproud!! Come in wearing your Boston Pride gear and get an hour of free pool today!, If you're looking for a little fun to accompany your post-work beers and cocktails, may we suggest a round of pool, pinball, or darts? That's #TGIF, Flat Top's style., Handy cue tip brought to you by The United States Professional Poolplayers Association (UPA)!, If you're sticking around Kendall Square tonight, stop by for free pool tables after 9pm. We'd love to see your beautiful faces!, Rain rain go away....

....Or don't. We'll be inside playing pool all night anyway. Join us!, It's important to always follow your heart.

(If your heart leads to you to 12 pool tables, a full list of locally crafted beer, cocktails and a menu of tasty noshes, that is.), Go Team Flat Top Johnny's!! Doing some good at Bikes Not Bombs's Bike-A-Thon today. #BAT2015 🚴🚴🚴, Team Flat Top's is ready to do some good at the Bikes Not Bombs Bike-A-Thon tomorrow!! https://bikesnotbombs.org/bike-a-thon #BAT2015, Take full advantage of #NationalDonutDay // Come on down and grab a Union Square Donuts Maple Bacon Donut Cheeseburger, available on Fridays only!, Team Flat Top Johnny's is ready to ride in this Sunday's Bikes Not Bombs Bike-A-Thon!!

For each pint of any Cambridge Brewing Company beer sold here tonight, $1 will go towards our team's fundraising goals. The more beer we drink, the more money we can donate to Bikes Not Bombs!! #BAT2015

https://www.facebook.com/events/784017188379591/, While summer is on hiatus, come hang inside with us where the wings are hot and the pool is free after 9pm. *thumbs up*, Hold on to your butts.... we got Jurassic Park in the house!

(thanks for the photo, @fogorchina), Local never tasted so good.

Farm Share Salad topped with fresh grilled chicken from Mayflower Poultry Company, located right here in #CambMA!, We have your rainy day plans right here, Kendall Square....., Today John Adams rides again in the Best Buddies Challenge Hyannis Port. Thank you all so much for your kindness and support — together we raised over $11k! So many people will be helped by your generous giving spirit!, Sometimes short weeks can be even more stressful. Gather up some friends and take it all out on the tables tonight. #TGIF, Our day bartender Ike. #enoughsaid, Celebrate #NationalBurgerDay while supporting local with one of our burgers like the Panceta Vato, shown here.

They all come from Maine's Pineland Farms, which represents over 200 local farming families that maintain a standard of raising their cattle with dignity, integrity, and the highest quality!, Awwww yeah!!!! Masscommute Bicycle Challenge's #BikeBash2015 is tonight at Flat Top's!! The winning teams will be awarded and you'll get a chance to win some awesome raffle prizes. PLUS Harpoon beer specials, delicious bites, and the opportunity to hang out with fellow MA cyclists!, Rough day back to work? We'd love to see you for some cocktails and local brews after you finally get out of there. Just follow the rainbow to happier times!, Sunday = GAME DAY. Get here for skeeball, darts, and 1/2-priced pool all day!, Happy birthday JE11!! Remember guys, there's still time to help out Best Buddies International. Please give whatever you can! http://myhp.bestbuddieschallenge.org/9695264, Less than 1 week until Masscommute Bicycle Challenge's BIKE BASH takes over Flat Top's!! Harpoon Brewery beer specials, delicious food, and a great time mingling with fellow Massachusetts cyclists!, New beer offerings... because Thursday is a terrible thing to waste., If you have some awesome coworkers, bring them down for after-work beers and cocktails. If they're *really* awesome, stick around for free pool after 9pm!, Mother Nature's not in the greatest mood today. Get inside and follow the red felt to better times!, Getting a veggie burger for lunch today will help you do some detoxing after your beer-filled weekend AND will make you a proud participant in Meatless Mondays. That's a FTJ win win!, Awesome pic by @elleanoire! Follow this #poolshark's lead and get here for 1/2-priced tables all day., This is cool and also tonight., Friday is our favorite day for a couple of reasons.

Here's one of them: Maple Bacon Union Square Donuts on a CHEESEBURGER., John Adams is riding 50 miles on May 30th in the Best Buddies Challenge! Please help us support Best Buddies International by graciously donating to his page., Happy Wednesday! Just follow the red felt....., Cue Tip Tuesday is back!

"Competing against a better player can have great benefits for your game. You'll see their moves up close and you're bound to pick up some good techniques!" —United States Professional Poolplayers Association, Thanks for the awesome photo @mandaa568! Monday is officially #done and we know a few dozen people who could use some after work beer and pool., Yeah!!!!!, From our family to yours. ❤, Catching a movie at Kendall Square Cinema tonight? Maybe some fresh brews at Cambridge Brewing Company? Stop by before or after for some Friday night pool action! That's local done right., Grab your doppelganger — Boston Bike Party turns 2 tomorrow! And the after party is at Flat Top's!

https://www.facebook.com/events/363006433908707/, Thank you Boston Cyclists Union for our Bike Friendly Business of the Year award!! We're #honored., We'll be celebrating this Mother's Day with a healthy dose of volunteerism. Please join us at Bikes Not Bombs to help load a container of bikes to the Village Bicycle Project in Ghana!, If you work around Kendall Square, we'd be more than happy to accommodate your business, whether big or small. Call us or come on down and we'll help you set up all the details. Nothing like a couple rounds of pool and craft beer to get some employee bonding going!, Boston Cyclists Union's 5th Annual Spring Kickoff Bike Party is TONIGHT!, Cool off and chill out after work with some ice-cold pool tables! We've got 12 of them calling your name., Finally.... PATIO WEATHER! Come by for locally sourced beers outside and half-priced pool inside., Get out of work and get yourself a Union Square Donuts Maple Bacon Donut Burger! We can't think of a better way to welcome the weekend., Please support my ride!, Thanks for spending your Thirsty Thursday with us, NGIN Workplace! We've got a whole bunch of locally sourced beers that could really use some company tonight. ;), Boston Cyclists Union does great work. Come hang with us at their 5th Annual Spring Kickoff Bike Party on Tuesday!

You can become a member of Boston Cyclists Union at the door of the event, online at bostoncyclistsunion.org, or by buying a ticket here on Eventbrite., Add a kick to your workweek by making Wednesday night game night — we've got darts, pinball, skeeball, and free pool tables after 9pm!, Cue Tip Tuesday from the United States Professional Poolplayers Association! 

"Often a player's ability to get to the 8-ball is not the issue. Rather it's the issue of letting themselves win and being okay with what that means.", You did it — you beat Monday.

Give yourself a much-deserved pat on the back with an after-work cocktail or two, like the Rye 'N' Gosling! A mix of Bulleit Rye, ginger beer, and lemon juice, topped with a Gosling's Rum floater!, Thank YOU, Bikes Not Bombs!!, It's not called "Sunday Funday" for nothing. Savor the last of the weekend with good friends, cold beer, and half-priced tables all day!, Thanks for the awesome photo @thanarat_guide! The crack of the pool balls is calling our name......, Who else is excited for the Cambridge Science Festival Science Crawl tonight?!! They're coming through Flat Top's twice:

5:30pm: Channel your inner pool shark and learn about the physics of billiards!

6:30pm: Talk running, injuries, and studies in running mechanics with Science by the Pints and the Spaulding National Running Center!, #TBT to when we got a computer chip named after us!! Happy 
#CambSciFest everyone., Hey Kendall Square, we've got 12 tables and a whole bunch of locally crafted beers waiting for you. Close that laptop and head on down for free pool after 9pm!, Cue Tip Tuesday from the United States Professional Poolplayers Association!

-----------> Don't jack up the cue stick too far when shooting over a ball. Instead, chalk up and give it a smooth stroke, striking the upper part of the cue ball with just the lower edge of the tip. This will enable you to keep the cue more level and drastically increase your chances of making the shot., Happy Marathon Monday and congrats to everyone who participated today! Whether you ran or spectated, unwind post-race with some craft beer and red felt. :), Got your game face on? GOOD. It's Sunday and tables are half-priced all day! See ya soon., We'll have these Union Square Donuts Maple Bacon Donut Burgers on all day! Come get your own and make this the best Friday ever., Attending MassBio's Cambridge Science Festival Kick Off Party tonight? Stop by after to let off some STEAM with a couple rounds of pool and craft beer!, Although no gesture could show the depth of our gratitude, we'd like to offer an hour of free pool to all first responders today. #OneBostonDay, Life is full of decisions. Whether or not to play pool after work should not be one of them. Get down here, Kendall Square!, T-minus 2 hours until the Red Sox take on the Nationals for the 2015 Home Opener. Anyone who comes in wearing Sox gear gets an hour of FREE POOL! #RedSoxNation, Sweet pics from Boston Bike Party's The Birds and The Bees last Friday!, Honored to sponsor this year's Bikes Not Bombs Bike-A-Thon! #BAT2015, We like the sun as much as the next guy, but there's just something about that red felt that draws us in....

Half-priced tables all day!, Thanks to Boston Bike Party and all the amazing riders who came out and finished at Flat Top Johnny's! Anybody try that honey ale?, New pins! Friday! Beer! Exclamation points!, After party at Flat Top Johnny's!, Hey Kendall Square, we've got your cure for the rainy-day blues right here. Saddle up!, The best things in life are free. Take, for example, pool tables after 9pm on Wednesdays. *wink wink*, null, Grab your yellow jackets for Boston Bike Party's 'The Birds and the Bees' Friday!, Farm Share Salad: because we could all use a little nutrition after living off Cadbury Eggs for the last week.

Topped with fresh grilled chicken from Cambridge's own Mayflower Poultry Company!, Time for some Sunday night pool tournament magic! Get here., RAFFLE GOLD!

https://www.facebook.com/events/702030503250224/, Our Best Buddies Challenge fundraiser is TONIGHT!! Join us for pool, food, WhistlePig Straight Rye Whiskey, Union Square Donuts, and amazing RAFFLES! Hope to see you all there., Guess what's back, back again. 
Maple Bacon Donut Burger's back, tell a friend.

[Made with Union Square Donuts!], Nothing like imagining your boss's face on a dart board to remind you it's almost Friday, are we right?, Who will win the bike this year? Help us raise money for Best Buddies Challenge this Saturday!, Happy to announce WhistlePig Straight Rye Whiskey will be the featured whiskey of the night at our Kick Stand or 50 fundraiser this Saturday! We'll be raffling off a special merch package, and will be pouring lots of these....

50 MILE 'RYE'DER
1oz WhistlePig rye
1oz Bacardi white rum
.5oz lemon
.5oz grenadine
angostura bitters

EVENT PAGE: https://www.facebook.com/events/702030503250224/, Snap a selfie at the Garment District and get 5$ off! Click for details., Thrilled to be supporting our friends Bikes Not Bombs as a sponsor of this year's Bike-A-Thon! On June 7th, hundreds of cyclists join together on a ride for social justice along one of four scenic routes through Greater Boston — will you be there? https://bikesnotbombs.org/bike-a-thon, Take out all your work-related frustrations on that felt. Our Monday night pool tournament begins at 7!, Thanks to @carvitosway for snapping this awesome photo of our tables! After you've all finished up brunch or whatever you're doing this morning, get here for 1/2-priced pool all day., Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Sculpin IPA - that's what we call Friday done #RIGHT., These guys were upstairs from us & did some of their testing/video demos right in our bar! CONGRATS LiquiGlide!

http://www.iflscience.com/technology/nonstick-no-waste-coating-sliding-marketplace, Maple Bacon Donut Burger, also known as our sunshine on a cloudy day.....

Made with Union Square Donuts!, John Adams will again be riding in this year's Best Buddies Challenge — please help us raise some money for this awesome organization!!

Join us on April 4th for a night of fun, fundraising, and RAFFLES including a pair of K2 Skis, a merch package from WhistlePig Straight Rye Whiskey, and a brand new bike from Cannondale Bicycles!

https://www.facebook.com/events/702030503250224/, Since 1993 we've been providing pool, darts, pinball, food, drink, and an awesome environment to enjoy them all in. Come by your local pool hall tonight for free tables after 9pm!, Some awesome pics from last night's event with Two Roads Brewing Company and the #BOSBABES!, Happy to be part of this year’s Cambridge Science Festival Science Crawl, coming to Kendall Square April 23rd!, Ladies, are you ready for TONIGHT? Join BABES (Boston Area Beer Enthusiasts Society) as they welcome Two Roads Brewing Company's Meghan Misset for a night of beer and billiards!

More info + tix: http://bit.ly/BEERandBILLIARDS, Did you know we host a pool tournament every Monday night at 7pm? We do, and we suggest you get here after work for some pre-tourney beers and wings!, If you're a frequent victim of those Sunday-night blues, we recommend a heavy dose of pool... it's half priced all day!, If your Saturday plans include watching the Bruins take on the Panthers in Florida, we cordially invite you to get your butt down here for wings, beer, and of course pool. Go B's!, Beautiful things happen when friends gather 'round the pool table for some after-work competition. Are you game?, Care to guess where this Winter Solstice ride ended up? Right here at Flat Top Johnny's. Locally owned and bike friendly since 1993. Rock on Winter Bikers!
#Winterbiker
http://nymag.com/next/2015/03/what-will-be-americas-first-car-free-city.html, I'm guessing no..., Pool and whiskey. Is there any combination more perfect?, We're honored to be a sponsor of this year's Bikes Not Bombs Bike-A-Thon! If you'd like to ride on our team please enter Team Flat Top Johnny's on your entry. Everyone who rides on the team gets a custom shirt, and the peace of mind knowing you're helping BNB's Youth and International Programs., We're proud to say all our burgers come from Maine's own Pineland Farms. So when you order up the Otis or Panceta Vato (shown here), you know it's coming with grass fed, hormone free, New England raised beef. 

That's eating local, FTJ style!, ONE WEEK until BABES (Boston Area Beer Enthusiasts Society)'s ladies-only Two Roads Brewing Company beer & billiards event at FTJ! 

More info + tickets: http://bit.ly/BEERandBILLIARDS, Well said, have a drink, respect the game and others, and be safe. Happy St Patrick's day!, On May 30th John Adams will be riding 50 miles in the Best Buddies Challenge to help people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. We'd love it if you could help too — please give what you can: http://myhp.bestbuddieschallenge.org/9695264, Watching the Bruins take on the Capitals in DC tonight? Head on over for some pre-game wings and half-off pool — all the cool kids are doing it., You never know who's gonna show up to the pool hall on Friday the 13th! Enter at your own risk., **LADIES ONLY** Join BABES (Boston Area Beer Enthusiasts Society) on Tuesday, March 24th for some beer & billiards! 

Meghan Misset, Sales Manager for Two Roads Brewing Company, will be in the house for a sampling of some of their finest brews. More info + tickets: http://bit.ly/BEERandBILLIARDS, We've got our ~*springtime shorts*~ on and are celebrating with some free pool tonight after 9pm. See you soon!, FRIDAY: Boston Bike Party is going vogue for Women’s History Month and celebrating the divas, the dolls, and the drag aficionados among us!, This video is EVERYTHING right now. Thanks for being so awesome, @eloucagos!, For #InternationalWomensDay, we want to give an extra big shout out to all the amazing female pool players out there. In honor of you, we're offering an hour of free pool for all the ladies today!, You like us, you really like us! Thanks for the awesome feedback, Amy!, It's officially the weekend! Close that laptop and head on over — we have some friends waiting for you., #TBT: pool's baddest ladies this side of the river!, We're halfway to the weekend and could use a strong dose of fun. Follow the magical red felt for cocktails, wings, and free tables tonight after 9!, We're just one month out from "Kick Stand or 50: Johnny Rides for Best Buddies", an awesome night of fun and fundraising for Best Buddies Challenge!

Pool, libations, food, music and our legendary raffles all in one spectacular night of community. Hope to see you there! 
https://www.facebook.com/events/702030503250224/, #DidYouKnow billiards evolved from a lawn game similar to croquet played sometime during the 15th century in Northern Europe?

We did. Stop by and see what other pool facts await!, Congrats Kendall Square, you conquered Monday! Wait out rush hour with some after-work pool and beers. ;)

(photo by Toast Inc), Finally, that terrible month some call "February" is #DONE. We're celebrating the best way we know how — with wings, beer, and 1/2-priced tables all day!, In town for the 2015 MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference? Stop by after your last panel or the cocktail reception for pinball, pool, and darts!, #TBT: Our original paint scheme! Imagine if we still looked like this...., Tonight from 6-8pm, receive free admission to the Kendall Rink when you bring a new or gently used children’s coat! All coats will go towards helping Cradles to Crayons reach their goal of providing 22,000 Massachusetts kids with a warm winter coat. http://bit.ly/1vzilqw

[PROTIP: after you skate, warm up here with some cocktails and free pool after 9pm!], Got after-work plans? Make a date with one of our pinball machines and take out all your boss-related aggression, Terminator style!

Hasta la vista, baby., Here's a peek inside the FTJ kitchen, where we're proud to work with local companies like Pineland Farms Natural Meats!

Because of them, all of our burgers are grass fed, natural, hormone free, steroid free, antibiotic free, New England-raised beef. :), Will the B's snap their six-game losing streak? We'll be hanging here all day with cocktails and half-priced pool, cheering them on...., A big Flat Top Johnny's shout out to our bicycling friends. Not happy with the way things are? Change them and throw a damn party!, The beloved Maple Bacon Donut Burger, made with Union Square Donuts, is available all day today! It's finally Friday and it's pretty freaking cold out there... don't deny yourself. <3, There are 7.5 million Americans with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) – and more than 200 million people with IDD worldwide. 

Through Best Buddies, hundreds of thousands of people with IDD have successfully moved from segregation and desolation to a new acceptance in their family and community. 

John Adams will again be riding in this year's Best Buddies Challenge — please give what you can towards his event fundraising goal!, Work's almost out and you have two options: 1. sit in gridlocked traffic or 2. grab a cocktail and get on that felt for free pool after 9pm.

It's up to you, but we know what we'd chose....., The challenge has been laid down... are you game?, Thank you to everybody who trudged through the snow to come out last night!

We're back open regular hours today, and it's time to get on that felt for some executive pool playing — it's basically our civic duty, after all., We'll be opening at 4pm today to allow everyone some time to re-shovel themselves out. See you tonight for beer and 1/2-priced tables... especially if you've got the holiday off tomorrow!

(photo via Massachusetts Memes), ❤ Roses are red
Violets are blue
Come singles and couples
And play some sick pool! ❤, Find these beauts from Union Square Donuts in our Maple Bacon Donut Cheeseburger, on every Friday!

Now THAT'S something worth conquering snow banks for...., Alright Kendall Square, we could really use a distraction from the cold about now. An order of Garlic Sriracha Wings and a couple rounds of Skeeball should heat things right up....., Cocktails, wings, and free pool after 9pm? Don't mind if we do.

Avoid those treacherous snow banks and rack 'em up!, The snow may have won this morning's battle, but it will NEVER win the war! We'll be opening our doors a bit later, at 4pm today. ❅❅

See everyone by the felt!, We plan on being open normal hours today..... So if you live in the area, bundle up and shuffle over to your neighborhood pool hall for some snow-day cocktails, burgers, and some of the prettiest felt this side of the river!, Now that the NFL season is over, what will we do with our Sundays!? 

Oh right, the Bruins season is still in full swing and they are facing off against the Habs tonight at 7:30. Swing by and play pool at half price.... maybe Claude could even use this guy opposite Lucic., It's back.....

Come 'n get your own Maple Bacon Donut Cheeseburger, made with deliciousness from Union Square Donuts, all day today!, Reporting live from Thursday night at Flat Top's!, After the duck boats have passed and the parade is done, continue the celebration with *FREE POOL* all day for anyone wearing Pats gear!!, Whether you shoveled out your car or waited an hour for the red line, the streets of Cambridge are ROUGH today. 

Get inside and warm up with a beer and one of our burgers — here's the Panceta Vato, topped with bacon and avocado!, We've been doing this for 21 years.... a little snow can't stop us! Flat Top's is open in Kendall Square regular hours today for all your pool and beer needs., Today is the day the Patriots fight to hoist another Lombardi Trophy over their heads. TB12 will being making history as he starts his record-breaking 6th Super Bowl since entering the league. Everything is on the line today, #DoYourJob and come watch the Patriots attempt to solidify their legacy against the Seahawks.

......Oh and pre-game with wings and 1/2-priced pool!, True magic happens when Union Square Donuts's Maple Bacon Donuts meet a CHEESEBURGER.

☆ Do you believe in magic? ☆, You've been through enough traffic and sludge today — close that laptop and head down to your local pool hall for the prettiest rainbow we've ever seen. ;), Did we mention there's free pool every Wednesday after 9pm?, We're thrilled to be back open regular hours today! If you're lucky enough to have a second snow day off from work, come by for some awesome games and cold beer., After powwowing as a staff we have decided to pack it in for the day. See you tomorrow at 11:45 AM! Stay safe and warm and the drinking lamp will be relit soon!, We see your blizzard, Juno, and raise you these TEXAS NACHOS. 

[french fries, shredded cheese, pulled pork, BBQ sauce], After Bill Belichick admitted he's no Mona Lisa Vito and is moving past #deflategate yesterday, the only thing that stands between the Patriots and the big game is the Pro Bowl. 

Get here for football and felt... there's some serious breaking that needs to be done., Follow the lead of @katiebeyotch's crew and get on that felt! Friday night is upon us and there's no place we'd rather be. <3, Spread the word! Now through February 1st, bring in a friend that’s never been to Garment District and they'll give both of you $10 off your purchases!

.....then celebrate your discounts with some post-shopping pool. ;), Close that laptop and head over for some bar-side wings and cocktails. The work week's basically over — you've earned this., Our awesome neighbors Emmas Pizza now DELIVER.

*freaks out*, Have any mid-week plans? Try this on for size: beer, burgers, and free pool after 9pm!

(photo by @jared_es), NOW GUYS, FOR THE 8-BALL! Our Lichtenstein-inspired mural watches over some awesome pool players... will you be one of them?

(photo by @lefolino), Whether or not you had to go into work today, it's time to forget all your worries and head on over to your friendly neighborhood pool hall. The bright lights and red felt have been calling your name, and they don't like waiting.

Photo by @mdwainwright, The conference championship games start at 3 with the Packers and Seahawks... but at 6:40 it's a winner-takes-all, one-game season as Tom Brady and the Patriots take on Andrew Luck and the Colts at Gillette. 

We open at 11:45 and will have cold beer, hot wings, and 1/2-priced pool all day. #GOPATS, Happy Friday everyone. Come on by and snag one of our Maple Bacon Donut Cheeseburgers, made with these beauties from Union Square Donuts!, TGI(almost)F. 

Swing by after work and partake in a little cocktail action with the Rye 'N' Gosling, a mix of Bulleit Rye, ginger beer, and lemon juice, topped with a Gosling's Rum floater!, The cold isn't going away anytime soon..... 

So get inside, order a pint, and follow the red felt for free pool tonight after 9pm. 

Photo by @mcmallie., Can Boston Bike Party harness all 1.21 gigawatts of power needed to get from BACK BAY TO THE FUTURE?!

Find out Friday., Trust us: skeeball is much more fun when paired with beer.

Thanks to @bostontallboy for the photo!, You've worked hard enough. Close that laptop and come on down to Flat Top's, where the delicious Panceta Vato, topped with bacon and avocado, awaits. 

All of our burgers come from Pineland Farms — grass fed, natural, hormone free, steroid Free, antibiotic free, New England-raised beef!, The best part of the playoffs is football on Saturday AND Sunday. The second day of the divisional round kicks off at 1 with the Cowboys taking on the Packers at Lambeau Field, followed by the Broncos and Colts at 4:40, a game that determines the Patriots' next opponent. 

We'll have the games on, plus cold beer and 1/2-priced pool all day. Come on down!!, The Patriots are getting ready to play the Ravens in the playoffs once again at Gillette. Come down to Flat Top's to watch TB12 and the Pats take on "HACKsaw" Suggs and the Ravens. Cold beer, delicious wings, and #NEvsBAL!, Raffle time! Who's gonna win playoff tickets?, It's Friday, which means this absolute vision of tasty (featuring donuts from our friends at Union Square Donuts) will be available once again! *happy dance*

Get it for lunch, or at our tailgate event tonight! bitly.com/FTJtailgate, Playoff Tickets | Notch Brewing | Free Pool | TOMORROW

Join us tomorrow night -------> $10 donation at the door gets you a chance at one of our legendary raffles, with a top prize of two tickets to the divisional playoff at Gillette. We'll also have free pool, food specials, and beer from Notch. <------- All to benefit Best Buddies Challenge! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/426399837507998/?ref=br_tf, We have your solution to today's frigid temps: FREE POOL AFTER 9PM! (And heat. Heat is good too.)

Photo by Favecast., We're very excited to have Notch Brewing come aboard as our beer sponsor for Friday's Tailgate & Playoff Ticket Giveaway to benefit Best Buddies Challenge!

Look for their fresh and delicious Pilsner on tap, and IPA in cans. They are also donating 4 liter mugs as prizes for the raffle. 

Event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/426399837507998/, The first Monday after holiday break is over. This can only mean one thing: GAME ON., It's day 2 of the wild-card playoff round and the Patriots are enjoying their bye week. Come in for some Garlic Sriracha Wings, 1/2-priced pool, and Football Sunday goodness!, Tread lightly.... The King is always watching., FRIDAY! Come keep one of these guys company....., ONE WEEK until our Tailgate & Playoff Ticket Giveaway to benefit Best Buddies Challenge!

Somebody will be going home with a pair of these.... will it be you? http://bitly.com/FTJtailgate, What a year it's been! As we say goodbye to 2014, we want to thank all our friends and family for their love and support along the way.

Now, crack open that beer and cheers to the New Year!, It's the last normal night of 2014..... where else would we be?

(regram from @jasminhopexo), Boston Cyclists Union's Winter Solstice Ride in The Boston Globe today!, What are you doing on New Year's Eve? Here's a cool alternative night brought to us by Jaded Fetish Party!

4lmntz will be playing your favorite goth, industrial, EDM, dance, & electronic music... midnight champagne toast... sexy stage shows... lots of latex... and it's all HERE on Wednesday!, The Patriots are the #1 seed and are off to the playoffs, but there's still one more regular season game left. Come enjoy week 17 against the Bills, half-priced pool, and garlic sriracha wings all day!, Hello from Foxboro!! Go Pats!!, We cordially invite you to partake in some kick-ass pool playing before this holiday break is up. 

Photo by Toast Inc., Hope everyone had a relaxing and joyful holiday! We're back open normal hours today for all your beer, food, and pool needs :)

Photo by @coleary07., Merry Christmas from our family to yours! 

We will be closed today and tomorrow so we can spend time with our loved ones. See everyone for some post-holiday pool on Friday! <3, You love FTJ, you are generous as can be, and you LOVE the Pats. Put it all together at our TAILGATE PARTY to benefit Best Buddies Massachusetts on Friday, January 9th!

$10 donation at the door gets you a chance at one of our legendary raffles, with a top prize of two tickets to the divisional playoff at Gillette Stadium, and other surprises like free pool, food specials and a special pint TBD.

Event page: http://on.fb.me/1vais59, We're proud to use Alex's Ugly Sauce in everything. It's "small-batch hot sauce made from the best ingredients available".

Local guy, local product, fantastic sauce!, Today is possibly the last time that Shrex could be coaching in the Meadowlands against the Pats. Get here for the game, wings, beer and of course... half-off pool all Sunday long., We have a very limited run of Downeast Cider House Winter Blend on tap, and we may have sampled a growler or two. So get in here this weekend and ask for it., Few things are more satisfying than landing the perfect shot. UNLESS you're landing that perfect shot on a Friday with a cold beer waiting for you. Agree?

Photo by @rebeckyjoy, Earn your Bike Wintah 2014 stickah with Boston Cyclists Union this Sunday!, Oh the weather outside is frightful
But skee-ball is so delightful
And since we've got no place to go
Let it roll, let it roll, let it roll..... ❄

(Photo: @baroge), When the beer's cold and the pool's free (tonight after 9pm), there's no telling where the night will take you....

Photo by @baroge, A big thanks to the awesome Santa Cycle Rampage BOS crew for having your after party at FTJ! 

Holiday cheer and craft beer... is there anything better?, We're closing at 7pm tonight for a private function! 

Please head to any of our amazing One Kendall Square neighbors, including Cambridge Brewing Company, The Friendly Toast, Kendall Square Cinema, State Park Bar, Blue Room, Bon Me Foods, and West Bridge!, The Pats host the Dolphins in an hour, and unless you're at Gillette you should get here ASAP for wings, cold beer, and half-priced pool all day. 

#FOOTBALLSUNDAY, Where your holidays at? Right here., One of our favorite things about pool is that it doesn't matter if you're a pro or just shooting for fun — the felt doesn't judge either way.

So tonight we dare you and some friends to snag a table and a round of beers and throw all your concerns out the window. It is Friday, after all.

Photo by @yoitsjimmyc, It's a showdown between two of the Original Six: our beloved B's take on the Chicago Blackhawks at the Garden tonight and the rivalry is as hot as these Garlic Sriracha Wings....

Good thing we have plenty of cold beer to cool things down! See you tonight., The kitchen's always open until midnight and tonight we're offering free pool after 9pm. So whatever time you're done with work, head over for some locally brewed beer and locally sourced burgers.... and of course that beautiful cracking of the game.

See you tonight! [Photo by @mcmallie], December 6, 2014 — Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate our 21st anniversary (we're finally legal!) to benefit our friends at Bikes Not Bombs! Filled with awesome cake, raffles, music, beer, bourbon, & Hot Tamale Brass Band, all to raise money for a great charity. See everyone next year!

Tag away....., Join us, won't you?

Boston Bike Party's hosting an Ice Age ride + GIFT DRIVE for The Home for Little Wanderers this Friday!

Ain’t no party like a glacial, multi-million year Ice Age Bike Party! More info: https://www.facebook.com/events/368508223308871/, Tonight's tournament starts tonight at 7pm — 9 ball, cheap buy-in. Get here or miss out on an awesome Monday night!

Photo by @jbludorn., TOMORROW: Join Poolnight LLC and the Kendall Square Association for a social evening of fun and food. 

Be introduced to PotShot Pool – a great team building game designed for players of all abilities! While everyone's playing, special prizes such as dinners and gift cards will be added to some of the games at each table., Thank you so much to everyone who came out last night to celebrate our 21st anniversary and raise money for Bikes Not Bombs!

We can't say how much we appreciate your support and good vibes. <3, Bikes Not Bombs crew love at our 21st anniversary party!, More pics of the cake because WOW. Ain't she a beaut? #FTJ21, Told you we had cake. Get in here before we take this bad boy down!, The rain can't stop us from celebrating our 21st anniversary and supporting our friends at Bikes Not Bombs tonight!

The festivities begin at 8pm tonight. Expect music, food, fun, bike giveaway, beer, billiards, bourbon, cake, etc.

Get here via Red Line to Kendall // $5 flat rate parking in the One Kendall Garage // plenty of bike racks in the complex // Hubway station in the lower courtyard

https://www.facebook.com/events/755499571184538/, It's looking a bit damp out there, huh? 

If you don't want to ride your bike over, parking is flat rate $5 in the garage 'ti 2am! See ya soon., We're turning 21 on Saturday.... won't you help us celebrate?

We'll supply the music, food, Harpoon Brewery beer, raffles, free pool, bourbon, and cake... you bring your beautiful selves and get ready for a great time, all to help our friends at Bikes Not Bombs!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1vw7v3B, Dinner and beers at Cambridge Brewing Company?
Movie night at Kendall Square Cinema?

No matter which awesome Kendall Square business you visit tonight, stop by & wrap up the evening with FREE POOL after 9pm!, Wanna win this sweet ride?

Every donation at the door to our 21st Anniversary Party on Saturday gets you a chance at winning........ not to mention free pool and the feeling that comes from helping an awesome organization like Bikes Not Bombs!

More details on the event page: http://on.fb.me/11OEEKZ, What's the use of having 12 tournament-size tables if you can't put 'em to good use?

Stop by tonight at 7 for our weekly pool tourney, the perfect thing to make you forget that it's only Monday!, It's a meeting of the 12's as Tom Brady takes on Aaron Rodgers for the first time today! Get here early for pre-game beers and half off pool.

Let's not let up any Lambeau Leaps today — GO PATS!, Flat Top Johnny's has been proudly locally owned for 21 years and we urge you to support your local small business today. Thank you for your years of support and for letting us be your local pool hall.
https://www.facebook.com/SmallBusinessSaturday?fref=ts, Hope everyone had an awesome holiday! 

We're back open normal hours — no donut burgers today, but we do have lots of games and beer! See everyone soon for some post-Thanksgiving hangs., Sticking around for the holiday? 

We're closed tomorrow, but are open until 1am tonight with free pool after 9! Come get your pre-Thanksgiving beers and pool on., Flat Top's will be closed on Thanksgiving Day so that we can be with our families.

Have a happy (and delicious) holiday..... and we'll see you when we reopen regular hours on Friday!, Whether you're a "baller" or just playing for fun, get on the felt tonight at 7pm for the Monday pool tournament!

$20 buy ins, double elimination. See you later!

Photo cred: @coleary07., Pats vs. Lions at 1pm + half-priced pool all day.

If there's not a beer and cue in your hand sometime today, you're doing Sunday wrong!, >>Maple Bacon Donut Cheeseburger<< we've missed you!!

Made with love and donuts from Union Square Donuts. Get yours today before they sell out!, December 6th is our 21st anniversary party with music, food, fun, Harpoon Brewery, bike giveaway, billiards, bourbon, and CAKE... all to benefit our friends over at Bikes Not Bombs! 

Info: http://on.fb.me/1vw7v3B, Johnny hisself is up to it again. For just $15 you can fund an entire grocery list for those in need. Look for the FTJ cargo bike out on the streets of Boston heavy hauling!
http://www.gofundme.com/HeavyHaulers, Sound familiar?

You don't need to be a pro to enjoy a game of pool — just get on that felt & give it your best!, #DidYouKnow: From its earliest days, billiards was often denounced by the church as a sinful, dangerous, morally corrupt activity. 

Guess we must be sinners....., This rainy day could really use some COLOR. 

Find a whole lot of it at tonight's 7pm pool tournament! (Awesome photo via Foursquare), The Patriots are BACK and taking on the Colts in primetime tonight. *thank god*

Get here for half off pool and pre-game beers!, It's back..........

Get your own Union Square Donuts Maple Bacon Donut Burger today before we run out!!, Headed to Kendall Square Cinema tonight? Stop by before or after for a round of darts and beers!

Photo: @dannorton, We're proud to be sponsoring the First Annual Cranksgiving Boston Bike Ride!

scavenger hunt // food drive // bike ride

Give back to the neighborhoods we ride in and the city we love. Find out more info here: https://www.facebook.com/events/302207596652765/, Come ride with us!, Thanks @codeman__ for this awesome photo collage! So beautiful it almost makes us cry......, Ain't nothing wrong with a little friendly competition.

Blow off some steam tonight at the weekly pool tournament, or challenge a friend (or future enemy) to a game of SKEE-BALL!, The Patriots' bye week kinda sucks, but at least there's more time to play POOL..... half off all day today!, Hey, what are you still doing at work? It's FRIDAY, and that's a very fine beer you're not drinking. ;)

(Photo via Favecast), Let's all give a big "HECK YES" to our Texas Nachos in honor of National Nachos Day!

[[french fries, shredded cheese, pulled pork and BBQ sauce]], November 5th is one of the two National Donut Days celebrated by donut lovers across the United States.

As such, we're showing our appreciation for Union Square Donuts today!

Find their Maple Bacon Donuts in our DONUT CHEESEBURGER, returning this Friday!, Work in Kendall Square?

Close that laptop and open your mind to some after-work pool.... thy felt awaits!

[photo by @iseeellis], Think you got what it takes?

Channel your inner pool shark at our weekly pool tournament tonight at 7! You bring your A game, we'll bring the felt., Snow shmow — nothing can keep us from Garlic Sriracha Wings on FOOTBALL SUNDAY!

The Pats take on the Denver Broncos at 4:25. Get here early for more football and half-off pool all day., Look! It's a photo of our two favorite things: beer + pool.

Thanks @ablomquists for the pic!, Tons of delicious craft beer AND a new Skeeball machine!

Did this just become the best Halloween ever? YES., Win FREE STUFF this Halloween with Hubway's #HappyHubwayHalloween contest!

Snap a photo of you in your costume with or near a Hubway bike or station, then upload (or email) your photo using #HappyHubwayHalloween and/or tagging @Hubway sometime between day and November 2nd.

On November 3rd, more than 50 winners will be randomly selected from entries to receive one of the MANY prizes, including a gift certificate to yours truly!

More on the contest + prizes: www.thehubway.com/news/2014/10/28/HappyHubwayHalloween, Flat Top's — where the beer's cold, the food's delicious (and locally sourced), and the pool is #FREE every Wednesday after 9!

Sounds like a pretty sweet place, uh?, ♬ Might as well face it, you're addicted to love ♬

Look familiar? This crew dressed up as Robert Palmer's 1985 hit sensation "Addicted to Love" and we had to grab a pic!

......and while we're on the subject of costumes, come in dressed up on Halloween (Friday) and get an hour of FREE POOL., "Now, mes petits... pour la 8-ball" or "now guys... for the 8-ball"!!

See everyone by the felt tonight. ;)

Photo credit: @lefolino, FTJ in the Hubway camp, A round of beers + darts on a Monday night?

That's what we in the biz call a #BULLSEYE.

Photo by @elizabethaurea on Instagram., We're open for half-off pool all day and have 1 hour 'til the New England Patriots take on the Bears at Gillette!

#FootballSunday, Get your [non-offensive, non-racist] costume ready — it's almost time for this year's Boston Halloween Bike Ride!!!!!

Meet at Copley at 7:30pm, roll at 8pm pronto. RSVP & invite your friends to the Facebook event for the SCARIEST bike ride around: https://www.facebook.com/events/1484256838504458/, The only thing we love more than playing pool on a Friday? 

<3 YOU <3, A ballpark-style Sausage Sub washed down with a pint of cold beer.

Our idea of an excellent Thursday night! GET HERE., An indoor place with games, pool, food, and beer? Conveniently located in Cambridge's beautiful Kendall Square?

There's literally NO BETTER place to be during a rainy night like this!

(photo by @iseeellis), Late at night in Kendall Square
There's a certain chill in the air
It's the chill of zombies and of ghouls
Who leave their tombs to play some #POOL!, BALLERS: show your skills tonight!

The weekly pool tournament (9 ball, cheap buy-in) starts at 7 — get here and rack 'em up! 

Photo by @coleary07., Chicken Wings + Tenders ✓
Beer ✓
Half Off Pool ✓
FOOTBALL SUNDAY ✓

We've got it all! See everyone soon., Congrats to our friends Union Square Donuts on the new shop opening!

With all the hustle & bustle, we won't have the Maple Bacon Donut Burger on today.... but it'll be back for your consumption next Friday!, LOVING this photo taken by Toast Inc the other night!

They know a night of pool does the soul good — do you? #rackemup, We're excited to be amongst our foodie brethren at the Kendall Square Eat Up 5:30-8pm TONIGHT!

We offer free pool every Wednesday after 9, but show your Eat Up ticket for free pool ANY TIME today!

(Tickets are still available here: http://bit.ly/1w76s6N), Because sometimes all you need is a night of #intense pool playing. 

(Well for us, it's ALL the time.)

Photo by @emilcohen on Instagram., Who else is PUMPED for the Kendall Square Eat Up this Wednesday?!

An evening of fun, food and friends to benefit the Kendall Square Association! Get your tickets today: http://bit.ly/1tWGq3n, The Patriots take on the Buffalo Bills at 1pm!!

Get here for half off pool all day and let's watch them inaugurate the Bills' new ownership with a #LOSS., Sir you left your TMNT sword at the bar. Please contact us at your earliest convenience for its safe return., MAPLE
BACON
DONUT
CHEESEBURGER

It's BACK! Get your own Union Square Donuts #maplebaconbuns before we run out.... or eat them all ourselves., This is an easy one, but does anyone know what cue balls were originally made out of?

First 10 people to answer correctly #WIN free pool!

Photo by @niftyindex., Is that fire we smell?

....because the Boston Bruins / Philadelphia Flyers rivalry reignites TONIGHT when the puck drops at 7:30! 

Hockey is here again. *cries tears of happiness*, Home is where the heart (and cues, felt, beer....) is!

#kendallsquare4life, null, Ever feel like a lone cue ball?

You're NEVER alone at Flat Top's. Join in on the action & rack 'em up tonight!

[Photo by @jonathanemoore], Great time at Boston Cyclists Union's BIKETOBERFEST!! 

[Photo via our friends at Hubway], Before tonight's big primetime match-up, get here for half off pool all day... not to mention some grade-A craft beer action!

GO PATS!, Guess what day it is....

Maple Bacon Donut Cheeseburger Day!! Made with Union Square Donuts — come and get 'em before they run out!

#MAPLEBACONBUNS, FTJ's beloved Betty, delivering provisions to the Boston Cyclists Union's Biketoberfest tonight! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/721549624567396/, Do you love bikes?

Do you love DJs, food, Cambridge Brewing Company, and sweet auction prizes?

Then get your butt to Boston Cyclists Union's BIKETOBERFEST 2014 tonight 6:30pm-10pm at the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology!

Get your tickets or RSVP here: http://www.eventbrite.com/e/biketoberfest-2014-tickets-12962762973?aff=efbevent

We'll see everyone there!!, The weather's really letting us down today.

Good thing our beloved pool hall never disappoints. See everyone tonight for #FREE pool after 9pm!

Photo by: @mavismh, #DidYouKnow: Most pool chalk used today is comprised of fine abrasives and does not contain a speck of chalk.

((Photo by @paulgeorgebeaulieu2 on IG)), The Patriots go to battle at Kansas City tonight! 

The action starts at 8:30. #PROTIP: get here early for some pre-game beers, burgers, and pool!, It may be the end of the Boston Red Sox season, but pool season is ALWAYS here!!

Get inside for 1/2 off pool, and let's see where this crazy day takes us...

(Photo via Favecast.), Sir, we found your princess hat in the men's room. We are holding it in lost and found., Show us your #maplebaconbuns!

It's donut day once again — come through for the MAPLE BACON DONUT CHEESEBURGER, made with gourmet Union Square Donuts!, The bright lights of the pool hall are drawing you near.....

Don't fight them — they don't handle rejection well. #rackemup, The Boston Bruins take on the Washington Capitals in tonight's preseason matchup!

Get here for the puck drop at 7, stay for the free pool after 9!

(Photo: Elise Amendola/AP), Meet the "Meetball," a journey back to your warmest foodie memories.

Or...... tomato sauce, mozzarella, and meatballs (with meat from Cambridge's Mayflower Poultry Company) done up sub shop style!, ATTN: Resignation Brewery KCCO Black Lager bottles for $3!

"A toast lager with notes of chocolate and coffee. Unlike a heavy porter or a stout it’s amazingly light, crispy, and sessionable. KCCO Black is a delicious misfit."

Get it while it's hot......... er, cold., Our weekly Monday night pool tourney starts at 7.

#PROTIP: The competition can get pretty intense — practice those deep, calming breaths now.

(Photo: @catemccartney), The Patriots take on the Oakland Raiders at Gillette!

You take on the (half-off) pool table at Flat Top's!

We love Football Sunday. See you soon!, The madness begins TODAY!, One good shot deserves another!

Get on that felt tonight and show us what you've got. #rackemup

Photo: @frawedulent, Boss Man & the new FTJ promo/work bike!, Tempted by these #maplebaconbuns?

Every FRIDAY beginning this week we'll have this MAPLE BACON DONUT CHEESEBURGER, featuring some of the BEST kind of Union Square Donuts!!!!!!!!

Get yours before we run out!! *drools on laptop*, What some people may call "food porn", we call TUESDAY NIGHT AT FLAT TOP'S!

You've been advised., Monday got you down?

Nothing takes the stress away like rackin' up a few balls and getting on that felt!

Photo cred: @rachelleshel, You could say we're pretty #bikefriendly 'round here., Get here to watch the New England Patriots go head-to-head with the Minnesota Vikings today at 1pm! 

Football with a side of half-off pool? We'll take it!!

(photo: @jared_es), Feel that slight chill in the air?

That's autumn and FRIDAY calling your name... better answer them!, Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your cue...

[Photo: @mcmallie], It's the new FTJ promo/work bike!!

Look for this pretty baby around town............, #DidYouKnow: 

Tom Cruise did his own trick billiard shots for the 1986 film The Color of Money..... EXCEPT for one where he had to jump two balls to sink another. The shot was instead performed by professional billiards player Mike Sigel. 

Now you know!! (via Billiard Congress of America), Monday Night Football is here again and all is right with the world.

Back-to-back games starting with the Giants vs. Lions at 7:10pm tonight - get here for pool, beer, and ALL THE FOOTBALL!!, Things we ♡:

-Sundays
-Half off pool
-YOU

See everyone soon!, It's the Beer Fridge of Fame with Pabst Blue Ribbon, Rebuilder, BLASTMAT, Slumbrew, Bern Unlimited and some Fenway sand!

Come in, give us your sticker & get up on the fridge!!, Just chillin' with our friends Peak Organic Brewing, Traveler Beer Company, Notch Brewing... and YOU!!, Wednesdays at Flat Top's: because sometimes all you need is a night of cold beers and free pool (after 9pm) with your friends.

Photo by @iseeellis on Instagram., Back-to-work blues?

We know the cure! Can you guess what it is? CAN YOU?

Photo by @dannyvee., Day off? Game ON! 

Thanks to @dannorton for the photo! #LaborDayWeekend, So it looks like boss man John Adams celebrated our 21st anniversary a little early....

Who else wants one?!!??, What better way to celebrate the last moments of summer than by staying inside & playing HALF OFF POOL all day?!

Rack 'em up!

Photo by: @sozturkk22, Our new favorite thing: this #hyperlapse video by @_bix on Instagram!

Watch the wonder here: http://instagram.com/p/sOSx6_LSLD/?modal=true, TEXAS NACHOS: french fries, shredded cheese, pulled pork and BBQ sauce.

Find 'em in the dictionary under "HEAVEN". ;), #TBT, yo., America: land of the free [pool], home of the brave [pool players]. 

#FREE tables every Wednesday after 9pm!!

Photo by @niftyindex., #NationalDogDay, Tonight's pool tournament begins at 7!

Here's a tip from our friends at The United States Professional Poolplayers Association (UPA): 

"Keeping an eye on your opponent's shots is just as important as analyzing your own. A ball in hand foul in your favor is a gem in pool, and it is your responsibility to call it. Watching every one of your opponents shots also helps you pinpoint his/her weaknesses, which can give you the insight for playing that perfect Safe."

Photo by @dyljohnstone., A sexy new pinball line up PLUS half off pool all day. Sunday RULES!, It's *NIGHT 2* of BUCK-A-SHUCK OYSTERS!!

Get to the patio tonight 4-7pm for more Wellfleet + Island Creek oysters, plus $5 Peak Organic Brewing Fresh Cut + $3 Pabst Blue Ribbon cans!, Toby from Peak Organic Brewing is here reppin' Fresh Cut + Summer Session ... Oh, and there's oysters too. ALL the oysters., The clouds may take away our sunshine, but it can NEVER take away our BEER + OYSTERS!

TONIGHT 4-7pm: Peak Organic Brewing Summer Session on tap for $5 and Fresh Cut in 12oz cans for $4, PLUS Wellfleet & Island Creek oysters BUCK A SHUCK!, Pool art is a super high-brow trend. 

Make your own tonight! *wink wink*

Photo by @jonathanemoore on Instagram., FRIDAY 4-7pm: BUCK-A-SHUCK OYSTERS RETURN!!

Get to the patio for Wellfleets (from Wellfleet, MA), Island Creeks (from Duxbury Bay, MA), and Peak Organic Brewing GOODIES!!

Summer Session on tap for $5 and Fresh Cut in 12oz cans for $4.

We know where you'll be after work on Friday...., Sometimes you look at your computer and just think "NO MORE".

Shut that thing down & get here for *free pool* after 9pm!

Photo by @skabob11 (Instagram), Like games?

Take your pick! We've got darts, pins, and of course... #POOL., Patio beers outside, pool hangs inside.

Welcome to Monday at Flat Top's! ;), Casual player? We've got half off pool all day.

Competitive player? The weekly pool tourney starts at 5pm.

That's what we call a #WIN #WIN.

(Photo by @iseeellis), Take a bite out of Friday.... and also this delicious, juicy burger, with beef from Maine's Pineland Farms! 

Grass fed, natural, hormone free, steroid free, antibiotic free, New England-raised Beef., The pool hall is a magical place where all your dreams come true.

Screw wishing upon a star -- we wish upon a cue! #POETRY

Photo: @jonathanemoore on Instagram, The only thing the Internet likes more than cats?

Cats playing POOL! Rack 'em up, little kitties!

(Free pool tonight after 9.), Happy birthday to boss man John Adams!

WOOOOOOOOOOO!, #DidYouKnow: During the Civil War, billiards results received wider coverage than war news. There were even cigarette cards featuring popular players!

We still think of our local felt-lovers as celebrities. Get your own table tonight & make some history!! 

Photo by @kimmyscribbler., Free water, beer on tap, and HALF OFF pool all day!

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/moco.wf, It's a dog-eat-dog world out there...

Forget all your troubles and get on that felt TONIGHT!!, This , ALL ABOARD!

The Boston Bike Party departs from Copley Square tonight at 7:30pm, and this month's theme is Boston (T) Party!

After party HERE!! See everyone tonight. 

FB event: https://www.facebook.com/events/582643745190418/, TONIGHT at 7 it's the August edition of RAWRbikes's Women on Wheels!

#RIDEorDIE.

https://www.facebook.com/events/270346946485403/?ref=22, They say the best things in life are free: love, friendship, and #POOL every Wednesday after 9!

;)

(Photo via Favecast), Get your MBTA-inspired attire ready... Boston Bike Party's monthly ride departs Friday at 7:30pm, and the theme is "Boston (T) Party"!

More on the ride via Boston Magazine: http://bit.ly/1AUOckX

FB event: https://www.facebook.com/events/582643745190418/

Oh, and the ride ends HERE!, Lovin' this photo by Instagrammer @frawedulent of some serious billiards action last night!

We dare you to show us your pool stance - get on that felt & tag us on Instagram @flattopjohnnys! http://instagram.com/flattopjohnnys, Kendall Square-ers! 

Close that laptop & GTFO of work... the weekly pool tourney starts at 7 & there's some felt with YOUR name on it! 

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/lefolino, 1/2 off pool is not something to be taken lightly... get down here & end the weekend right!

Photo: http://instagram.com/lillyhump, Grab some friends & beers - it's a good night for some felt.

Rack 'em up!, NEW PINS from Pinball Over Boston!, Wanna play a game?, TONIGHT: get a beer + game of pool for the price of the beer!!

Get it? NO? 

...pool is free after 9pm every Wednesday.

Photo by: http://instagram.com/katharinehoye, Tees are in!!

$12 both men's & women's - get 'em while they're hot!, Work in Kendall Square? 

We open at 11:45 - Stop by for a Farm Share Salad & Notch Brewing Session Pils on the sunny patio, then head back to the office feeling #GOOD., #DidYouKnow billiards was the 1st sport to hold a World Championship? It was in 1873 and won by a man named William Cook. 

Embody the spirit of Mr. Cook TONIGHT at our weekly pool tournament, every Monday at 7! #gameon., A powerhouse lineup of taps ready for a long day of HALF OFF pool!

Peak Organic Brewing Summer Session 
Oskar Blues Brewery Station 3 
Notch Brewing Session Pils

Cheers!!, #PROTIP: You might want to get in here & ask for Joey Bags to get a one-time menu item sample - it will be gone quick!, So you want to play a game?

We've got darts, pinball, and 12 luscious, tournament-size tables... take your pick!

Thanks Zagat! http://bit.ly/1mMDYsD, New t-shirts are in!!!!, We love you .... and free pool every Wednesday after 9.

Rack 'em up tonight!, Oh, look at that. It's #NationalHotDogDay.

Guess we know what's for lunch..., This guy's got the right idea!

This heat is unbearable - come inside for some quality beers, billiards, and ❤air conditioning❤! 

Photo by: http://instagram.com/sozturkk22, Current beer specials: Oskar Blues Brewery Old Chub Nitro 16oz cans, Notch Brewing Left of the Dial IPA cans, & Slumbrew Flag Raiser IPA!!, We'll be on those tables for our weekly pool tournament at 7pm! Fair warning, the competition can get pretty fierce. 

[Don't hate the player, hate the game.]

Photo by: http://instagram.com/jonathanemoore, Half off pool all day is a criminally good deal.

...See what we did there?, We're proud to work with local companies to bring you fresh, high quality meats and poultry!

In between pool games, order up some Buttermilk Fried Tenders, made with chicken from Cambridge's own Mayflower Poultry Company!

Dare we say ... #YUM?, What are you still doing at work?! The beer's cold, the food's hot, and the pool is OUR FAVORITE THING.

Close that laptop & meet us by the felt!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/bru_jardim, #TBT: our 20th anniversary party last November! Thank you to everyone who made it a night we'll never forget. 

cc: Whiskey Barons Hot Tamale Brass Band Evan Smith Photography Ludella Hahn, Today at 5 Oskar Blues Brewery will be here giving stuff away, tapping a specialty keg, & most importantly crushing cans of NITRO CHUB & playing pool!!!!

Be here., Yeah Jeff, we're excited about free pool after 9pm too...

GET ON THAT FELT!, Billiards fact #4563: The world's largest billiard hall was built in the 1920s and had 103 tables.

Billiards fact #4564: We'll take our 12 tables over their 103 ANY DAY. ;), We didn't choose the pool life, the pool life chose us.

The #BALLstars come out tonight for our weekly pool tournament at 7! $20 buy-in, double elimination. Are you GAME?!

Thanks http://instagram.com/mcmallie for the photo!, You all should come to this!, The beer's not free but the pool is HALF OFF all day! *wink wink*

Strike a few balls while Germany takes on Argentina in the #WorldCup FINALS!!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/nikibrown, Successful Boston Bike Party (and after party) is successful.

Photo by Downeast Cider House! https://twitter.com/DowneastCider/status/487780540549181440, The work week's over & thy felt awaits.

Well.... don't leave it hanging!

Thanks to http://instagram.com/lillyhump for snapping this photo!, Bike friendly, always., #BALLS - it's what we do.

See also: this @whitehouse Instagram video of the President playing pool ----> http://instagram.com/p/qN1VFDwirV

Photo by: http://instagram.com/niftyindex, We love seeing everyone's photos of their #HUSTLE.

Get on that felt for free tonight after 9! :D

Photo by http://instagram.com/dyljohnstone., Brazil and Germany kick off the #WorldCup semifinals today at 4.

Who'll advance to the finals? That is left to be known.

Who'll be drinking lots of cold, refreshing beers? That is us., Our neighbors RULE.

Improper Bostonian Magazine named One Kendall Square 'Boston's Best' Barhopping Spot & we couldn't agree more!

http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/bars-clubs/

Cambridge Brewing Company Belly wine bar West Bridge, Sundays call for good friends, good beer, and half off POOL!

See everyone soon.

Photo by http://instagram.com/skabob11, Because we love to host., O say can you see...

...burgers & hotdogs in your future?

WE DO. 

Arthur may force us inside but he can NEVER take away our food - come hang for BBQ, beer, & pool all day!! #July4th, Few know that Founding Father Benjamin Franklin was an avid pool player. How do you think he relaxed after a long day of flying that kite?

In honor of Benny and the innovative American spirit, we declare ourselves the Official Pre & Post-Fireworks Headquarters tonight!!!!!

Thy felt awaits., These Texas Nachos look great on the patio, but we're gonna take them inside where there's this little thing called AIR CONDITIONING.

Oh, and free POOL after 9pm. Huzzah!, Join us won't you?, Flat Top Johnny's is hiring! We are looking for somebody to work at our pool desk. Currently we have Wednesday and Thursday night shifts available. It pays a competitive wage, it's fun and a good way to join our team! john@flattopjohnnys.com is your contact. Thanks for considering us!, Let's do this!!!!

#USAvsBEL #WorldCup #IBelieveThatWeWillWin, Got balls?

Our Monday night pool tourney begins at 7 - GET ON THAT FELT!!, Introducing the Farm Share Salad, topped with fresh grilled chicken from Cambridge's own Mayflower Poultry Company!

This + half off pool + #WorldCup ALL DAY., Thanks to everyone who came out last night for oysters & Notch Brewing!

Photos by http://instagram.com/krisleonard & http://instagram.com/tweester1220., One hour left of buck a shuck #OYSTERS - get at it!, Buck a shuck Oysters & $4 Notch Brewing out on the Flatio right now!!, $4 Notch Brewing Session Pils & Left of the Dial IPA!

$1 Fast Beach Blondies & Wellfleets!

Now until 7pm! GET HERE., TONIGHT 4-7pm! 

Notch Brewing + buck a shuck OYSTERS on the Flatio!

https://www.facebook.com/events/692366174162605/, I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!

Let's go #USMNT!! #USAvsGER #WorldCup, Work in #KendallSquare?

Hand this letter, signed by Jurgen Klinsmann himself, to your boss & GET OVER HERE at noon for #USAvsGER! #WorldCup 

USA USA USA!!, There's nothing we can do about the weather outside.

But we CAN offer you air conditioning, ice-cold beer, & free pool (after 9) inside.

...what are you waiting for?!, Friday's forecast is looking like a sunny 74 degrees.

...Also known as IDEAL oyster shucking & beer drinking weather!!

Join us and Notch Brewing for fresh local oysters shucked for a buck on the Flat Top patio (#FLATIO) 4-7pm!

RSVP: https://www.facebook.com/events/692366174162605/, All eyes will be on Japan as they fight with the hope of beating Colombia for a chance to move through.

The game starts at 4 - we'll see you by the bar or on the felt! #WorldCup, Funny Hat Cat dares you to take him on in tonight's pool tournament.

The action begins at 7 - are you game?, Come watch Clint Dempsey & the USA starting 11 take on Cristiano Ronaldo & Portugal in their Match 2 of Group G, today at 6.

Let's go 'MURICA!

#USAvsPortugal #WorldCup, Nothing to do all day but drink beers, eat Johnny Dogs, and play HALF OFF pool.

Sundays rule!

Photo via Favecast., It's Friday night & we have three words for you...

RACK. EM. UP.

Photo by http://instagram.com/iseeellis, See this flamingo? He is hiding because he is sad. This flamingo is sad because he's lonely. He is lonely because somebody stole his friend. Please bring back his friend so our flamingos can be happy again., Summer nights on the #FLATIO are nights well spent.

Thanks http://instagram.com/scottap for stopping by last night!, Just like these pool balls, we nearly melted walking outside today...

Luckily, that's nothing an ice-cold beer or cocktail can't fix. Get inside & get on that felt for FREE pool after 9 tonight!, You love our bar. Would you like to work behind it? Flat Top's is looking for a day bartender to work Saturday and Sunday days, with the ability to take fill in shifts as well. Come join our family, you will be glad you did. john@flattopjohnnys.com for initial contact., Humidity sucks. 

Seek salvation at your friendly neighborhood pool hall! (See also: COLD #BEER.)

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/rzbwmusic, Ludella Hahn cordially invites you to GET THE HECK OUTTA WORK & get here at 7 for our weekly pool tournament!

Better bring your A game. ;), Whether you're out on the #FLATIO or inside playing pool (HALF OFF!), a Sunday at Flat Top's is always a good idea. :), Happy Boston Pride everyone!!

Come in reppin' your #BostonPride beads & get FREE POOL!, Guess who got STICKERS!, Burgers, beer, and pool - the proper way to spend a rainy Friday night!

Our burgers come from Pineland Farms: Grass fed, natural, hormone free, steroid free, antibiotic free, New England raised beef., Tonight is a good night.

We've got Jack's Abby Brewing Leisure Time Lager on tap!

AND we're simulcasting Redstar Union's monthly series The Singhs and Friends, with live performances by Johnny Courduvelis and the Party Crashers & The Okay Win! 

The action begins at 8. More info: http://bit.ly/UxmdaF, Obama plays pool.

We play pool.

Everyone plays pool - and they play it for #FREE every Wednesday after 9! See you tonight., Work in #KendallSquare? 

Break for our Buttermilk Fried Tenders, with chicken from Cambridge's own Mayflower Poultry Company, widely known for their unsurpassed fresh, high quality meats and poultry!, All we are saying...., Make pool, not war., Do you pull out the big moves to land that perfect shot?

Do you consider yourself a billiards BALLER?

Then come on down to our weekly pool tournament, every Monday at 7! $20 buy-in, double elimination., We are proud to serve our customers burgers from Pineland Farms - Grass fed, Natural, Hormone free, Steroid Free, Antibiotic Free, New England raised Beef!

Stop by for a burger + HALF OFF pool all day. See you soon!, Don't be like Bad Luck Brian...

Get on that felt (or pinball, or darts...) tonight! See you later. ;), Will this game ever end?

These guys never seem to make their shot..., Headed to TEDxCambridge at Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard tonight?

Stop by after the talks & reception for a round of pool & craft beer!, Did you know the cost of a game on the first coin-operated billiard table in 1903 was ONE PENNY?! 

We see your one-cent games, 1903, and raise you FREE games tonight after 9pm! #WINNING., 9 Ball Nachos, beer, & a round of pool or darts with good friends?

Sounds like the perfect Wednesday afternoon! #rackemup, A crowded pool hall is a happy pool hall.

Headed to a movie or dinner in #KendallSquare tonight? We'll see you for some late-night felt action!, Pool Kitty just doesn't understand ... but we do.

Are you a BALL STAR?! Our weekly pool tournament begins 7 - test your skills & get on that felt!, Love is good food, good beer, & HALF OFF pool...

See you guys soon! #rackemup, Slow Roasted Smokey BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich...

Otherwise known as "the reason to get to Flat Top's today."

See everyone soon!, Are you REALLY still working right now?

WHAT. IS. WRONG. WITH. YOU.

Pool & beer await - see you soon!, Cheer on John Adams as he rides over 50 miles on Team Tom Brady in the Best Buddies Challenge Hyannis Port tomorrow!

There's still time to donate: http://bit.ly/1kd5nHb

Thanks to everyone for your support!, Remember folks: pool playing should be taken bear-y seriously!

Photo via A Fun Tab., Guess what we're tapping this weekend..., This happens every Wednesday during free pool..., BiogenIdec, commuter challenge winners!, The awards are ready for Masscommute Bicycle Challenge's #MCBC2014 Bike Bash tonight at 5:30, rain or shine!

All challenge participants are invited to join in on the celebration., Buy a Ball Park Sausage Sub & get FREE POOL after 9pm tonight!

...Or don't. Tables are always free after 9 on Wednesdays. ;), [Complaint about weather]

Time to cozy up to a table & #rackemup 'til we're feeling ALL those warm feelings!

Join us?, null, It's a 3-day weekend & we've got HALF OFF pool all day...

Life. is. good., Kick off #MemorialDayWeekend with some SERIOUS competition!

...or friendly competition. Your choice. ;)

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/jakecaved, It's on. Rob Gronkowski, where you at?, Here's a fun pool fact from the Billiard Congress of America: 

"Throughout history, billiards has bridged the gap between the aristocracy and the masses. Both gentlemen and street toughs played."

Come one, come all - and GET ON THAT FELT tonight!, #TBT: Best Pool Hall in Boston Magazine's Best of Boston 2002!

12 years ago - WOW!, Who's got two thumbs and a beautiful new website + logo?

THIS GUY.

Check it out! http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/ <3, That felt's looking mighty purty...

FREE POOL tonight after 9pm! We'll meet you by the tables.

Photo by http://instagram.com/jeroen_verh, Mikey's Meatball Sandwich, beer, and POOL...

Welcome to the BEST. LUNCH BREAK. EVER., 'Scratch' this one off your to-do list...

Our weekly pool tournament starts at 7 - GET. ON. THAT. FELT!!

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/katharinehoye, Beers on the patio, balls on the felt, and HALF OFF pool all day!

Happy Sunday everyone.

Photo by http://instagram.com/sarah_delaney, Beer & pool go together like ... YOU & Flat Top's.

See everyone on that felt tonight!, Pinball Over Boston LAUNCH PARTY tonight!

Stop by through 11pm for a high score tournament on 4 amazing pinball machines ... plus prizes, drinks, & a raffle!

Event page: http://on.fb.me/1mVqBbv

Photo by http://instagram.com/spirits_in_black, Pinball aficionados UNITE!!

Tomorrow 5-11pm, test out your pinball skills at the launch party/high score tournament/flip off for 4 amazing machines:

Lord of the Rings 
8 Ball Deluxe 
High Speed 2: The Getaway
Austin Powers

PLUS prizes, drinks, jackpots, & a raffle!

Event page: http://on.fb.me/1mVqBbv, Lunch on any old patio ... or lunch on Flat Top's FLAT-IO?!

The choice is yours. ;), The puck drops at 7pm tonight for #Game7, and we've got #FREE pool after 9pm.

Close that laptop & GET HERE!!

"It's the final countdown...", 1000 points to http://instagram.com/katharinehoye for capturing this intense #pool moment!

It's cold outside but heating up in here - join us tonight & GET ON THAT FELT!, Fancy yourself a pinball wizard?

We're getting NEW PINBALL MACHINES - test 'em out & put your skills to good use at the launch party/high score tournament/flip off this Friday, 5-11pm!!

Prizes! Drinks! Jackpots! Raffle!

Event page: http://on.fb.me/1mVqBbv, The Boston Bruins head up to Montreal for a crucial #Game6 match up that could decide the Canadiens' fate!

The puck drops at 7:30 - get here!!, null, Pinheads unite!, Hope Matt Fraser had his "Fro-Yo" after lunch - he's gonna need it to take on Carey Price in #Game5 tonight!

The puck drops at 7 - see everyone later!

#GoBruins, It's a dog-eat-dog world out there ... so close your laptop & get on that felt!

#WOOF., Come watch Boss Man J.A. & the Boston Bruins answer the Habs after a Game 3 loss in Montreal!

The puck drops at 7:30 - #GoBruins!, "Pool sharks?! WHERE?"

At Flat Top's tonight - we've got FREE POOL after 9pm!, Who's ready for Game 3?

The puck drops tonight at 7 - let's see if the B's can build on their momentum to defeat the Habs in Montreal!

#GoBruins, Johnny Dogs, beer, and some SERIOUS felt time - sounds like the perfect lunch break to us!

See ya soon., Pool sharks UNITE!!

The weekly tournament starts at 7 - better start practicing your pool face! #rackemup

Photo by http://instagram.com/btechno, It's Sunday & there's HALF OFF pool - all the more reason to LITERALLY get on that felt!!

Photo by Pedal Power Training Solutions: http://instagram.com/pedalpowertraining, Catch the end of the Boston Bruins game at Flat Top's!

Come for the action, stay for the beer & POOL. 

#GoBruins, You've been a workaholic all week.

It's Friday - close that laptop & let your inner POOL-AHOLIC shine!

Photo by http://instagram.com/y3ty, A very happy 25th anniversary to our friends over Cambridge Brewing Company!

Check out their anniversary festivities all weekend: https://www.facebook.com/events/1474466976118267/?ref=5, Move outta the way, Habs.

Watch the Boston Bruins take on the Canadiens de Montréal DIVING TEAM in the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs at 7:30 tonight - then take out your own aggression on the pool table! 

(Just not TOO agressive, please.), Flat Top's DRAFTS: 
-Samuel Adams Lager
-Harpoon Brewery IPA, Brown IPA & Long Thaw
-Cambridge Brewing Company Amber, Porter & Spring Training
-Guinness
-Blanche de Bruxelles
-Notch Brewing Pilsner
-Peak Organic Brewing Simcoe Spring 
-Sixpoint Sweet Action 
-Abita Beer Turbo Dog
-Downeast Cider House Cider
-Traveler Beer Company Tenacious Traveler 
-Deschutes Brewery Green Monster

The best part?! They all go great with #FREE #POOL, every Wednesday after 9!, Come on girls, show 'em how it's done!

It's Ladies Night - 1/2 OFF TABLES for all the ladies after 9., It's true...

Get some balls at our weekly #POOL tournament, tonight at 7!

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/echlonie, We've titled this one "The Perfect Sunday."

There's HALF OFF POOL all day long. Now, get on that felt!

Photo by http://instagram.com/alyssaeinman, The Boston Bruins can lock in their victory over the Red Wings today.... will they do it?! Come find out. Because it's the cup., Because it's about the people. Thanks to our Regs and Staff who brought back our original sign!, Cold beer, hot tables.

It's #FRIDAY - close that laptop & get on that felt!!

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/edmundo617, Hey KENDALL SQUARE!

It's Friday & Chef Ben has this Slow Roasted Smokey BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich for you....

Comprende?, Happy to be sponsoring Boston Cyclists Union and their Spring Kick Off!, Before the invention of new-age plastics, billiard balls were made out of ivory. 

"You're welcome, elephants." -Plastic  

Come hit some of that new-age plastic TONIGHT!

Photo by http://instagram.com/swaggbydesign, "Art to my eyes." -http://instagram.com/jonathanemoore

& that art is #FREE tonight after 9pm! See you l8r., Mikey's Meatball Sandwich - this is what DREAMS are made of.

Oh, and pool. We dream about pool too., When Kate the "Diamond Doctor" tells you to get on that felt ... you GET ON THAT FELT. 

We know you're craving a girls night after that long weekend - there's HALF PRICED tables for all the ladies after 9, so bring the girls tonight!, The same goes for pool. 

See you at the weekly tournament tonight at 7!, Screw the Easter bunny - come hang with us & HALF OFF tables instead!

Besides, we heard he's really bad at pool..., #REPOST. Because we love you, and we REALLY love Saturdays., You've worked hard enough - close that laptop and GET ON THAT FELT!

Pool + beer are our good luck charms - help the Boston Bruins defeat the Red Wings tonight., The patio furniture's starting to arrive!!, Johnny Dogs + POOL...

One of these is #FREE every Wednesday after 9.

HINT: It's not the hotdog., For those of you who don't live here, Patriots' Day is a special time here in Boston. Some us take the day off, it's a holiday in some counties. We go to pancake breakfasts, we go to reenactments of the shot heard round the world and the start of the American revolution. We trundle into Boston to go to a special 11am game at Fenway then spill out into the streets to cheer on the Marathon finishes. It is indeed a spirited day and people from all over the world come to share it with us. The spirit of Monday's Patriots' Day will not be taken from us by two twisted individuals. A day of solemn remembrance today, but on Monday we will gather again and move forward., Pool is one of the safest sports in the world.

But... our Monday night pool tournaments can be DANGEROUSLY competitive. 

Are you game?, Cocktails, Johnny Burgers, half-off pool & GOOD FRIENDS - isn't that what #Sundays were made for?!, It's Saturday - what are you waiting for?!

Get on that felt & show us your #POOLface!!, Come work with us! Fri-Sun days available, always chances to pick up shifts along the way., Casting call. We are looking for a day bartender Friday through Sunday! Here is a chance to make a little cash to spend out at the clubs, and be part of the FTJ family. Please visit our web page and send a contact email, or drop by in person. www.flattopjohnnys.com., It's Friday!!!!!

This calls for some CHILI. CHEESE. FRIES.

Care to join us? ;), A Flat Top's Ball Star is a happy Ball Star.

Now, close that laptop & GET. ON. THAT. FELT.

Photo by http://instagram.com/kimmyscribbler, FREE POOL every Wednesday after 5!!

See you soon...

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/jmilesm, Our special Ball Park Sausage Sub: Giant Italian Sausage cooked in Cambridge Brewing Company Porter, grilled, with peppers n' onions!

Take THAT, feeble Fenway food., But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain, and an athlete, and a basket case, a princess, and a criminal...

Sincerely yours, The Ladies Club.

HALF OFF TABLES for all the ladies tonight!! #rackemup, Every Monday night, the ballers come out to compete in Flat Top's weekly pool tournament.

The real question is: are YOU a Ball Star?! Find out tonight!, WOW it's so sunny outside!

...so come inside, eat Johnny Dogs & play HALF OFF pool all day., Did you know that NO ONE knows exactly who, when or where the first billiard table was built?!???

It's all just part of the wonderful mystery of #POOL.

We'll meet you at the felt TONIGHT!, Get your Friday started off right!! Some cocktails & pool can help with that...

The Tinkerbell: Grey Goose Vodka Piore, Lemon, Bärenjäger Honey Liqueur, Bubbles., 3 steps to happiness:

1. Close that laptop
2. Drink some #craftbeer
3. GET ON THAT FELT!!!, We love you.

And that's why we made the Slow Roasted Smokey BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich.

Ready, set, #EAT!, AHHHHHH! SHARK!!!

Pool shark, that is. #FREE POOL tonight after 9pm!, You’ve been part of our past, now be part of our future! 

Help us pick our new Flat Top's logo!! Which one do you like?, Flat Top Johnny's is looking for a full time line cook.This job is 5 days a week, M-F. We offer a fun environment, and a brand new clean kitchen. So if you know any culinarily creative people who are looking for work, please send them our way!, Now HERE are some ladies who know what's up...

Get in the know tonight - HALF OFF TABLES for all the ladies every Tuesday!!, 9 Ball Nachos: Onions, Jalapeños, Olives, Cheddar, Salsa, & Sour Cream.

PILE 'EM UP!!, Have you got what it takes to be a BALL STAR?!

Find out tonight - our weekly pool tournament begins at 7!

Photo by http://instagram.com/rsainsworth91, Thanks again to everyone who came and partied for a good cause last night! You ROCK!

Now, it's Sunday and you know what that means ... HALF OFF POOL all day! Get here., The baaand, Winning, Thanks to everyone who came out to support John and benefit Best Buddies!! 

Now, who wants more BOURBON?!, Rebuilder bitches, This is the last time we're gonna remind you...

TONIGHT 8pm: DRINK & win awesome PRIZES all while raising money for Best Buddies Massachusetts!! 

John Adams is riding 50 miles on Team Tom Brady in Best Buddies Challenge: Hyannis Port and he needs YOUR HELP reaching his fundraising goals. 

OPEN BAR happy hour from 8-9pm
FREE pool all night
Raw bar 
DJ set from TJ Connelly 
RAFFLE including a signed football from Tom Brady, Boston Red Sox v. New York Yankees tickets, & a signed print from Ludella Hahn! 

$20 at the door.

https://www.facebook.com/events/324386131019770/

Eventbrite page: http://bit.ly/MU0xk5, The raffle prizes for tomorrow's Kick Stand or 50 event are OUT. OF. CONTROL.

To name a few...Tom Brady signed football, Oskar Blues Brewery bike swag, Ludella Hahn signed print, & Hubba-Hubba gift card!!

Da BOSS John Adams is riding 50 miles on Team Tom Brady in Best Buddies Challenge: Hyannis Port. TOMORROW at 8pm, come drink with us and help him reach his fundraising goals!

https://www.facebook.com/events/324386131019770/, Sit alone at home binge-watching Netflix, or drink some #craftbeer, get on that felt, and play some POOL!

The choice is yours. Make the right one.

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/rachelleshel, We only part to meet again.  ~John Gay
Goodnight Lieutenant Edward J. Walsh and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy, You are about to enter another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land of imagination. Next stop... the Johnny Zone.

BTW, the "Johnny Zone" has FREE POOL every Wednesday after 9pm. *hint hint*, Boss Man John Adams is riding 50 miles on Team Tom Brady in Best Buddies Challenge: Hyannis Port!

This SATURDAY, come celebrate and help him reach his fundraising goals!!

Oh, and there'll be:
OPEN BAR happy hour from 8-9pm
FREE pool all night
Raw bar 
DJ set from TJ Connelly (of Fenway Park + RadioBDC)
AWESOME RAFFLE including a signed football from Tom Brady, a signed print from Ludella Hahn, & a gift card from our friends at Hubba-Hubba! #SEXY

https://www.facebook.com/events/324386131019770/

Eventbrite page: http://bit.ly/MU0xk5, Kate: The "Diamond Doctor" 

Occupation: Systems Geneticist 

Likes: pocket protectors, corner pockets 

Dislikes: When you DON'T come to #LadiesNight. 

Every Tuesday - half-off tables for all the ladies! Now, get on that felt!, We want YOU here tonight at 7pm for our weekly pool tournament!

Are you up to the challenge?

Photo by http://instagram.com/rachelleshel, Now that's what we call a #POOLface!

We'll see all YOUR faces today for 1/2 off pool + some NCAA Men's Basketball March Madness action!

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/jakecaved, Where you gonna be next Saturday night? Winning tickets here to see Cynthia von Buhler's Speakeasy Dollhouse, The Bloody Beginning., The Davis + pool = your Friday night, #MADE.

See you soon! ;)

The Davis: Plymouth Gin, Aperol, St. Elder, Power up for tonight's FREE POOL (after 9pm) with one of our Johnny Burgers!

¼ pound Pineland Farms grass-fed beef, lettuce, tomato, onion, SECRET SAUCE and a half pound of fries.

#mindBLOWN, Boss Man John Adams is riding 50 miles on Team Tom Brady in Best Buddies Challenge: Hyannis Port ....

& he wants you all to come celebrate and help him reach his fundraising goals!!

Featuring:
OPEN BAR happy hour from 8-9pm
FREE pool all night
Raw bar 
Live music from Rebuilder
DJ set from TJ Connelly (of Fenway Park + RadioBDC)
Raffle + silent auction including a signed football from Tom Brady!

Saturday, March 29th | $20 at the door
https://www.facebook.com/events/324386131019770/

Eventbrite page: http://bit.ly/MU0xk5, Ludella Hahn is here to invite you to LADIES NIGHT.

...And you should ALWAYS accept an invitation from Ms. Hahn.

Half-off tables for all the ladies tonight! #rackemup, null, Johnny Burgers, #craftbeer, POOL, & the Boston Bruins making the Minnesota Wild cry.

...What a beautiful combination it is.

The game starts at 7:30pm! See you soon., Hey! It's Sunday! 

And we've got HALF OFF pool all day long!

Cozy up to a table - you're gonna want to stay awhile., Come watch the Boston Bruins trample the Hurricanes and notch in their 8th win in a row today!

Beer, Bruins, pool - and a beautiful day. Sounds like a good Saturday to us!, The shirt has been returned. Kudos to the perpetrators of the drunken tomfoolery for making it right., Think Burger King is the only place where you can "have it your way"? #NOPE

Customize your burger at FTJ's! This one's got bacon, avocado, and swiss. But for $1 you can add on pretty much anything...

The possibilities are endless., Way to go Sam! 

When you come in today, make sure you order a Sam Adams product to show them you support their decision., Autographed Tom Brady football, Cannondale Pro Cycling messenger bag, Gift card from Beantowne Coffee House - Cambridge, gift card from Hubba Hubba, Gift set from Fisherman's Ale, Gifts from Oskar Blues Brewery and Sam Adams just to name a few of the raffle prizes!, Boss Man John Adams is riding 50 miles on Team Tom Brady in Best Buddies Challenge: Hyannis Port - come celebrate and help him reach his fundraising goals on Saturday, March 29th!!

Featuring:
Live music from Rebuilder
DJ set from TJ Connelly (of Fenway Park+ RadioBDC)
Raw bar 
OPEN BAR happy hour from 8-9pm
FREE pool all night
Raffle + silent auction including a signed football from Tom Brady himself!

$20 at the door
https://www.facebook.com/events/324386131019770/

Eventbrite page: http://bit.ly/MU0xk5, Get your game face on for when the Boston Bruins DOMINATE the Canadiens de Montréal tonight!!

Stay 'til 9pm for some #FREE pool (every Wednesday) + 9 Ball Nachos., It's Tuesday - and you know what that means...

LADIES NIGHT!!!!

Half-priced tables for all you ladies tonight. Rack 'em up!, Have you tried one of our Johnny Dogs?! NO??!?!!!

Well, that's unfortunate.

Here's the Arrow Dog, slathered in Chili, Cheese, Onions with a side of fries. 

See ya soon ;)

http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html, What do you get when you combine #POOL + #beer?

HAPPINESS.

Come by tonight for some seriously good times, and for our weekly pool tournament, every Monday at 7pm!!

Photo via http://instagram.com/_sea_chelle_, Our featured #craftbeer on tap comes from our neighbors over at Cambridge Brewing Company: Spring Training IPA!!

"CBC’s 'Spring Training' breezes in like a breath of fresh air, ready to awaken your senses from a long, strange winter. Crafted of New England-grown pale and wheat malts to contribute to the beer’s complex body and hazy straw-golden color."

It also goes great with HALF OFF POOL, all Sunday long!, Setting up shop at The Great Boston Chili Bowl!! Come say hi., The FTJ crew will be servin' it up today at The Great Boston Chili Bowl to benefit the ALS TDI!! http://bit.ly/MWqn7e

The event is SOLD OUT - but if you were lucky enough to snag a ticket, come say hi! We'll be giving out coupons for an hour of FREE POOL., Boss Man John Adams is riding 50 miles (#WHOA) on Team Tom Brady in Best Buddies Challenge: Hyannis Port ....

& he wants you all to come celebrate and help him reach his fundraising goals!!

Featuring:
Live music from Rebuilder
DJ set from TJ Connelly (of Fenway Park + RadioBDC)
Raw bar 
OPEN BAR happy hour from 8-9pm
FREE pool all night
Raffle + silent auction including a signed football from Tom Brady himself!

Saturday, March 29th | $20 at the door
https://www.facebook.com/events/324386131019770/

Eventbrite page: http://bit.ly/MU0xk5, We're gonna sit in here, look at the sun & pretend it's spring.

This Johnny Burger is joining us - won't you?!

¼ Pound Pineland Farms Grass Fed Beef, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Secret Sauce and a half pound of fries!!, It's time for some serious #pool therapy.

Good thing there's #FREE tables after 9pm every Wednesday!!

...the doctor will see you now.

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/jmilesm, Oh yes it's ladies night, oh what a night...

It's Tuesday, ladies, and you know what that means: HALF-PRICED TABLES for you & the girls all night at Flat Top Johnny's! 

See ya soon!, Get those tickets!, Mmmmmm. Chili Cheese Fries.

We open every day at 11:45am for food, craft beer and #POOL - DIG IN!, Monday night pool or Monday night FOOL?!

You decide., Pool fiend?

We've got HALF OFF pool all Sunday long, and our weekly tournament starts at 5pm!

So whether you're showing off your skills or just playing a round with friends, we're here for you.

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/bryaka, It's 5pm on a SATURDAY, people.

Now, get on that felt!!

Awesome/crazy photo by http://instagram.com/kevinnn_nguyen, We <3 BIKES here at Flat Top's!

With plenty of bike parking at One Kendall & a Hubway station on premises, there's no reason not to ride on over here. 

PROTIP: Show us your helmet for a FREE hour of pool!!, Who’s hungry? 

Close that laptop and come on down for our Ball Park Sausage Sub: GIANT Italian Sausage cooked in Cambridge Brewing Company Porter, grilled, with peppers n' onions!

Goes great with any other CBC brew. ;), QUIZ TIME!! What does Flat Top Johnny's love more than pool?

ANSWER: #FREE pool.

Get on that felt for free pool every Wednesday after 9pm!!

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/jakecaved, Today, take on The Battle of Pueblo!!

Jalapeños + Crumbled Blue Cheese on ¼ Pound Grass-Fed, Hormone-Free Beef from our friends at Pineland Farms in Maine.

Add bacon and victory is YOURS., These young women have the right idea - HALF OFF pool for all you ladies tonight after 9pm!!, T-minus 3 hours until our weekly pool tournament!!

Here, eat Mikey's Meatball Sandwich. It'll give you the strength you need to dominate the table. ;), Mother, son, whoever - EVERYONE loves HALF OFF pool, right?!

All day, every Sunday. 

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/kimbiep, It's beautiful out!!

....so come inside., Miller High Life + pool ... now THAT'S a proper lunch break. 

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/p/km3krzhqHi/, The Steak Bomb and #FREE pool - it's a match made in billiards heaven!!

Come by tonight for free pool after 9pm, and our Steak Bomb special whenever!, Winter isn't all bad, USA Hockey on the tube, burgers on the grill and cold beer from the taps, life is good., Ten-HUT!

Whitney aka The "Gun Show" has an announcement:

It's Ladies' Night at Flat Top Johnny's! Half-priced tables for all the ladies after 9pm., Sure, you're cool. 

But are you as cool as one of our BALL STARS?!

Put your pool skills to the test tonight - our weekly pool tournament begins at 7pm! ;)

$20 buy-in, double elimination.

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/jennwilson624, Off from work today?

Celebrate with our Steak Bomb special: Marinated Shaved Steak, Peppers, Caramelized Onions and American Cheese.

...The presidents would've wanted it this way., We've got HALF-OFF POOL every Sunday - so make like 1924's silver-medal-winning British bobsled team and get here QUICK!

via Slate.com's 'The Athletes of the First Winter Olympics': http://slate.me/1gKPMdC, We're always #OpenInBOS in spite of the snow - so put on something fresh and skate down here!!

via Slate.com's 'The Athletes of the First Winter Olympics': http://slate.me/1gKPMdC, We love you guys, we really do!, Oh the weather outside is--shut up, we're trying to drink and play pool. 

We're #OpenInBOS (of course)- come hang out and try The Tinkerbell: Grey Goose Vodka Piore, Lemon, Bärenjäger Honey Liqueur, Bubbles!, *Takes a bite of our 9 Ball Nachos*
*Forgets all about the #bosnow*

We're #OpenInBOS and serving up the most delicious share-ables, Johnny burgers, and Johnny dogs around!

To recap: food, pool, and the best snow day ever. ;), Hey, it's a short bike or cab ride down to Inman, when you are done playing pool go have a High Life and help this cause out., Hey ladies!! 

Get 50% off your round of pool tonight! 

Like Ludella Hahn says: Come Play with Us! 

Ladies Night, every Tuesday at Flat Top., What's that you said? You hate the cold?!

Here, take a bite of our Ball Park Sausage Sub - it'll make all of your #winterproblems melt away...

Giant Italian Sausage cooked in Cambridge Brewing Company Porter, grilled, Peppers n' Onions. Now on special!, Are you a BALL STAR?! 

Strut your skills at our weekly pool tournament tonight at 7pm!

And if those nerves start to get the best of you, The Kyle (Vodka, Pineapple, Orange, Grenadine) will calm them right down. ;)

Photo by @meemz729 on Instagram, Today's specials at Flat Top:

Steak Bomb: Marinated Shaved Steak, Peppers, Caramelized Onions & American Cheese

Ball Park Sausage Sub: Giant Italian Sausage cooked in Cambridge Brewing Company Porter, grilled, Peppers n' Onions 

Mikey's Meatball Sausage: House-made Meatballs, Marinara, Shredded Cheddar and Mozzarella Cheese

BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich: Slow Roasted Smokey Pulled Pork, BBQ Sauce 

**Stay tuned for PHOTOS!!**, BREAKING NEWS: 

Recent studies show that the ultimate cure for a HANGOVER is hair of the dog, 1 huge Johnny Burger and ...

HALF OFF pool all Sunday long!, Say it together now:

It's #FRIDAY!!

And whether it's pool, pinball, or darts that's your thing, they all go great with #craftbeer!, Ah, cocktails and pool - the original peanut butter & jelly.

...only BETTER.

The Davis: Plymouth Gin, Aperol, St. Elder, What STORM?! 

We can't see any storm from these pool tables, which will be FREE tonight (and every Wednesday) after 9pm!!

So let's go over this again: stay warm, play free pool, and let all your troubles melt away...

...the beer helps too.

Photo via @scottmccarty on Instagram., The drinking lamp is lit and we are open for snow day drinking, with burgers too., Be like Leah the "Wild Child" and get on that felt tonight!!

It's Tuesday, ladies, and you know what that means: HALF-PRICED TABLES for you and the girls all night at Flat Top Johnny's! 

Because you rock ...and because these balls aren't going to rack themselves., Giving some love to our neighbors over at Cambridge Brewing Company... 

We have their Amber, Porter, and Big Man IPA on draught!

http://bit.ly/1nOHarr, Hanging with the folks of LiquiGlide, who are shooting a promo at Flat Top today!

This Kendall Square-based company makes a coating for the inside of bottles that allows stuff like ketchup to flow freely.

#WHOA, We also have pool tournaments every Monday night at 7pm!

WARNING: Ballers only! Play if you dare.

#rackemup

Photo via @cybershaz on Instagram., Are you a TOP BALLER?

Be the star of the Big Game tonight - and by Big Game, we mean our weekly pool tournament.

Begins tonight at 5pm and tomorrow at 7pm. 

$20 buy-in, double elimination.

Game. On., Yeah Tom, we're sad the Pats aren't in the #SuperBowl too.

But we're gonna go play some HALF OFF POOL at Flat Top today--so there's that. ;), #TGIF! Now close that laptop and come on down to the old-time pool hall. 

These balls aren't going to rack themselves!

Photo via @jakecaved on Instagram, #tbt 2006 Boston Magazine's Best of Boston award!, Looking for a place to play FREE POOL and get a great meal tonight? What a coincidence!

Flat Top Johnny's offers free pool every Wednesday after 9pm!

...We'll be expecting you.

Photo via @mistahj on Instagram, Tuesdays are LAY-DEEZ NIGHT at Flat Top Johnny's!!

Half-priced tables for you and the girls all night long... Come find your inner #POOL GODDESS tonight!, Come tonight these tables will be JAM PACKED with pool players!! 

We have our 9 ball tournaments every Monday night after 7pm. Bring all the skills you've got--you're gonna need 'em., TGIF! 
Bring summer to your lips tonight with one of our famous cocktail creations! Pictured here is the Tinkerbell. That’s Grey Goose Poire, Lemon, Barenjager, Bubbles. 

And yes ...

It’s as delicious as it sounds., Our lovely Mandy is leaving us to go back to school. We will miss her but now we have an open position. Day Bartender, 5 days, stable schedule, good pay and a chill environment. Get at us john@flattopjohnnys.com, NEW on tap: Peak Organic Brewing Winter, Downeast Cider House, and Sixpoint Sweet Action!!

"The Sweet Action is delicious and complicated, but in a good way." - Mandy   

From the Brewer:

Ah love is bitter and sweet, but which is more sweet...

The original Sixpoint style - hard to define, but perhaps that's why most people love it. Part pale ale, part wheat, part cream ale - all Sweet Action., What storm? We'll be open as usual during the winter tonight and that can only mean one thing: Ladies night! It's 50% off for you and your friends so bundle up and use the indoor garage on Binney street.

Be like these ladies and get on the felt!, “When you see the picture of King playing pool, do not view the image just as a historical moment, but see yourself in the photo. See Dr. King as not just a leader, but as a man. King showing up in the pool halls, bars, and community centers was not just an attempt by him to see the people or connect with them; he was one of them—and by extension one of us.”

http://is.gd/mlkpool 

Happy birthday Reverend., Life's most persistent and urgent question is, what are you doing for others? ~Martin Luther King, Jr., It's Brady v. Manning XV! Who ya got? 

Our @patriots game day menu features 3 wings for $1 or $7 meatball or pulled pork subs. 

Come see if Tommy can make it 11-4 against his nemesis. The fun starts in one hour! #NextGameUp #whoyagot, Here, duh! We have 1/2 off pool as usual PLUS special 3/$1 Wings and a game day menu of $7 Meatball/Pulled Pork Sub sandwiches!

Make the Sunday plan. Game starts at 3pm! #NextGameUp

New England Patriots vs. the Denver Broncos! Winner goes to the SUPER BOWL!, The sharks aren't only in the water or on the felt, they're now on the walls! TGIF! Thank god it's the weekend. 

Thank god for ... ¡El Shark!, "Ask not for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee" … Mandy’s on point today & ready to deliver your after-work cocktail. 

Our famous Hemmingway Daiquiri: Bacardi Silver Rum, Lime, Grapefruit, Maraschino Liquor. 

Now close that laptop and get down here! Thursday awaits., Our kitchen is back to full operating mode after a brief technical glitch kept us from serving up the full menu the last few days.

SO: Go over the menu and pick what you're going to eat when you enjoy the FREE POOL we offer each and every Wednesday after 9pm.

http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html

Or swing by after a flick at Kendall Square Cinema or whatever fancy humpday dinner or, even better, after hitting the rink at Community Ice Skating at Kendall Square? Sounds like a date., It's Tuesday and that means Ladies Night and that means ½ off pool for the girls all night. So drop em a snapchat and head on out. We’ve got the best atmosphere in here and maybe you get to meet Kate. (I wouldn’t challenge her to a game though.) 
Kate: The "Diamond Doctor" 
Occupation: Systems Geneticist 
Likes: pocket protectors, corner pockets Studies show that billiards builds strong relationships, and you haven’t had a girls night for weeks! Half-priced tables for the ladies tonight and every Tuesday night. Don't over-analyze...join us in Kendall., What did you have for lunch? Did it include a freshly tapped Peak Organic Brewing Winter Session? Goes great with our full menu! Back tomorrow. Or, you know, after work. 

Or, maybe like, right now. 

"This winter wheat beer uses dark malting to provide subtle toasty notes. We then single-hop and dry-hop this beer with Citra hops from our friend Brad’s farm. Interesting pineapple notes from the Citra hop provide a stark contrast to the toasty notes in the body. An engaging and sessionable Winter Seasonal.", We are running a limited food menu today while we wait for a new hood motor. It's all yummy though and there is plenty of fresh craft beer, and football. #1/2pricepool, Get pumped up for the game tonight with playlists straight from the #PATRIOTS players!, #tailgate party where you at?, We think Notch Brewing is pretty special, and we wanted you to know., What are your lunch plans? Care for a game of speed chess? Ask our staff to grab you a board game and spend your lunch NOT thinking about work for a change.

Unless you design games and well, in that case, welcome aboard!, One hour until we unleashed the hounds of ... free pool. Free pool starts at 9pm! So call up the dawgs and run the pack down to the felt just like this crew. We also have a very great about of beer you can partake in!

Wednesday is the night for the gang., What’s for dinner? 

A freakin’ Johnny Burger is what’s for dinner! 

¼ Pound Pineland Farms Grass Fed #Beef, #Lettuce, #Tomato, #Onion, #SecretSauce and a half pound of Fries Cooked Medium unless otherwise specified

#boom, Friday night? Who feels lucky?, Did you know? You can always call in your burger for a quick latelunch pick-up! Give us a ring on 617-494-9565, Just the tip! One hour until kickoff of the new ice bowl and our sticks are ready ... Where are you watching San Francisco 49ers vs. the Green Bay Packers? Do they have half-off pool all Sunday long?

'Cause we do. ;), ICYMI: A nifty little flipagram of our 20th year of fun in Kendall Square:

http://instagram.com/p/io0goHlMcE/

And thanks to Joan Hathaway for this killer pic of the @Hot Tamale Marching Band bringing the New Orleans, Louisiana funk to the party!, #TGIF! Now close that laptop and come on down to the old-time pool hall. We've been doing this for 20 years, so we got you covered.

These balls aren't going to rack themselves!

wait., ANNOUNCEMENT: We are opening at 3pm today to serve you the best dogs, burgers and pool hall fun time for your after-work/blizzard-enhanced joy. 

Roll through and say hi to the gang! We've been shoveling out all morning :), Q: Is Flat Top Johnny's open during the snowstorm?

A: Hell yes we are open! What is this? Florida?

Come on in and #rackemup. Dan F. has got your favorite #craftbeer on draft., In honor of the #WinterClassic today we give you the Slapshot cast signed graffiti on our wall! Mandy's got grapefruit flavored mimosas waiting for you. Puck drops at 1pm!, #VIPNYE table toppers! Your night is sorted. EVERYONE ELSE: No cover at the #poolhall http://is.gd/ftjnye, We're getting psyched for NYE tonight! No cover and one VIP table left (john@flattopjohnnys.com) ... Ben's come up with a bunch of special menu items too. Here's a peek:

1. Shrimp and Chorizo skewers with Spicy Sriracha lime sauce

2. Fried Calamari with marinated tomatoes and banana peppers

3. Loaded Potato Skins with Bacon Cheddar and sour cream

4. BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with Roasted Red Peppers house made Barbeque sauce

Commence the deliciousness tonight and celebrate with your friends playing games and having a rowdy good time! RSVP: http://is.gd/ftjnye, The holidays aren't over until the ball(s) drop(s) Celebrate #NYE at your favorite pool hall. http://is.gd/ftjnye $100 tables still available. 

Email me: john@flattopjohnnys.com 

But we're also a no-cover casual party too. Roll through tomorrow! http://is.gd/ftjnye, Good Sunday to you! We have the #NFL on the television, those burgers you love and it's HALF-OFF pool all day long. New England Patriots vs. Buffalo Bills at 4:25! 

Praise Jesus! ;), #TGIF! Now #TGFO and head on down to our spot. It's always the holidays in here and everyone knows your name.

Well, we have pool anyway., Happy day after Christmas! Bring pops, the brothers and the sons down and grab a rack. 

Also #newyearseve will be the chillest in town! You don't need a VIP table but it helps. john@flattopjohnnys.com, Happy holidays from the FTJ's family! Stay safe wherever your travels may take you and if they're taking you here welcome back! 

Bring your family and friends by anytime but Xmas Eve and Xmas Day!, Are you on Instagram? Click through to find out how you can earn free pool during the Patriots game today and give us a follow! 

http://instagram.com/p/iOu9hZlMV_/, #TGIF! What are you doing after work? Playing Pool? Pinball? Having a few pints of #craftbeer? 

Maybe darting?

Oh, you're coming here?

Cool., Got some heavy hitters rolling through the pool hall tonight. Deck the Pool Hall! We're still open, however so feel free to

#rollthru

Get your own party via the main man:
john@flattopjohnnies.com, Your NYE plans: You email john@flattopjohnnys.com and reserve one of the six remaining pool tables. They are only $100. You get champagne, appetizers and you have no limit to how many friends you can bring (ok, well, within reason, come on now). You play pool, pinball, darts and drink craft beer and then 2014 happens. 

It’s f-ing genius tbh. ;) http://is.gd/ftjnye, null, Mandy sent over the latest beer on tap! The Harpoon Brewery 100 Barrel Series #48 - Polskie Mastne. What's that all about? Watch this video:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXUdGd3TApo

Come in and wait out the storm with us!, ICYMI: Instructors from the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Esh Aerial Arts school gave an impromptu instructor demonstration Saturday night. Wow!

You never know what to expect from our pool hall. 20 years and still legendary ;), What's good for the second half? We have 1/2 price pool all day long and parking in the Kendall Square garage is just $5. 

Here's a map: http://bit.ly/ftjsmap ;), ICYMI: Inked and Sexy rented our pool hall for a shoot and came up with this shot from in from of the famous Roy Lichtenstein mural. 
“The best things in life hurt like hell.” h/t Mr. D Photography
 
Got a tattoo lover in your life? Checkout the Inked and Sexy store:
http://www.inkedandsexy.com/collections/apparel

Need to use the pool hall for a photo shoot? Film? A photography project? We can abide:
john@flattopjohnnys.com, #TGIF! Avoid the traffic and come have a cocktail! Mandy's been working on this one, what do you think?

"Fireball toddy with an orange + a spoonful of clover honey"

See our other bartender's creations here:
http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html, Also in the building, the Minute Man Dart League who begin the playoffs in the Boston B group:

http://mmdl.org/Fall2013/MMDL_F13_Playoffs_Bos.pdf

Give em a like: 
https://www.facebook.com/MMDLDarts, We're open to the public tonight but we did give a private-event hook-up to our developer friends at Harmonix and they'll be in the house tonight. Does your cool innovative gamer/lab/biotech want the FTJ hook-up special?

john@flattopjohnnys.com, Picture time! Who’s hungry? Close that laptop and come on down (or bring your laptop, whatever!)

Make your own burger at FTJ's! This one's got bacon, avocado, and swiss. But for $1 you can add on pretty much anything … though the love is free.

Pairs well with pinball, or pool 

or darts, Ludella Hahn wants you to know tonight is Ladies Night! Half-off all tables for the females. Call your friends, it's time to hit the felt and

rack em up.

9-Ball Pool Pool, Snooker, 8-Ball Pool #ftw, What’s for lunch?

BEER IS FOR LUNCH!

Now on tap: Abita Beer's famous TurboDog brand! What started as a specialty ale became one of the New Orleans, Louisiana-based brewery’s most popular flagship brews. Pairs well with our Pineland Farms burgers or the horseradish mayo that comes with the Onion Rings Son!

More on the beer here:
http://abita.com/brews/our_brews/turbodog

Work can wait. Our pool hall is calling. Pick up the phone., Now on tap! Cambridge Brewing Company "Darkest Night" in honor of the Winter Solstice. Pairs great with our simple "No Leash" Johnny Dog or the Chicken Wings All Day with the soon to be extinct (!?!) Sriracha Rooster Sauce/Garlic Sauce! 

More on the beer here:
http://cambridgebrewing.com/beer/description/darkest-night1/, Wow. Just. Wow. The Boston Globe has the wrap-up:

http://www.bostonglobe.com/sports/2013/12/09/patriots-came-through-final-two-drives/3fWDyotxdl0cJYE5WgXc5O/story.html, Game time! New England Patriots vs. Cleveland Browns starts...

Now.

Grab a seat! h/t Rob Ninkovich, #TGIF!! Where are you heading tonight? We have Golden Tee Golf, Two dartboards .... twelve pool tables ... A Spider-Man pinball game, a stack of board games ... The Simpsons pinball game ... Locally made burgers ... Cocktails ...

oh fine alright we'll stop., Last night our private partiers hired a band and made custom coasters! How cool is that?

Want to get in on the fun? Drop me a line and let's make a deal: john@flattopjohnnys.com, ALERT: We will be closing at 5pm for a private function! 

Want your own? 

Email me: john@flattopjohnnys.com, Free pool tonight! Every Wednesday we open the doors to our 20-year old Kendall Square institution and offer you a complementary opportunity to play the game for free. We've even repaired any broken pool cue tips as well.

Quench your thirst with a Cambridge Brewing Company Tall Tale Pale Ale! It's almost gone!

http://cambridgebrewing.com/beer/description/tall_tale_pale_ale/, The holidays don’t start at FTJ’s until Elvis gets his bling.
Jingle bell rock it on over to 1 Kendall Square for late lunch today. Elvis, Mandy and the rest of the gang will be waiting. 

Bring some quarters for a mid-lunch pinball break!

But don't forget to go back to work. ;), What’s for lunch? How about a Baxter Brewing Co. Phantom Punch Winter Stout! Now on tap. Named after the famous Lewiston, ME boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Sonny Liston.

More on the beer here:
http://www.baxterbrewing.com/beers/

What boxing match you say? Read up on the "Phantom Punch" and check these cool pics at Life.com
http://life.time.com/icons/muhammad-ali-sonny-liston-and-the-phantom-punch-title-bout-1965/?iid=lb-gal-viewagn#3, Flat Top's is hiring. We have two server shifts available, Tuesday and Friday nights. Good shifts, and a god work environment equals you win. john@flattopjohnnys.com. Pass it along., Michael Jordan knew a thing or two about winning games. Like pool. 

Talk to us on Twitter and follow us for the latest in news, taps and specials!

https://twitter.com/flattopjohnnys, It’s lunchtime! Forget the run of the mill sandwich shop and come get your game on with Mandy. 

Your pool game, silly. Here’s our menu for your perusal:
http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html

And a helpful diagram courtesy of our new lunch host:, Tommy's ready, are you? Kick-off at 1pm! We've got pool, pinball, darts and televisions. What does your sportsbar have? 
Regrammed from @patriots 
#nfl #craftbeer #beer #localbrew  #cambridge #instacool #pool #pinball #kendallsquare, Our melting pool balls is inspired by Salvador Dalí's 
famous "The Persistence of Memory" 

"The soft watches are an unconscious symbol of the relativity of space and time, a Surrealist meditation on the collapse of our notions of a fixed cosmic order."

Read more on it here:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Persistence_of_Memory

Come by tonight! Boston Bruins puck drops at 7pm and our kitchen is open until midnight ..., Don't forget to support small business today. 
Locally owned since 1993. 
See you at Noon!, We are closing at 8pm for a private party but take the rest of the day off and let Mandy pour you a fresh Watch City Brewing Company Kolsch! Or two.

Or three.

RESCUE ONE KÖLSCH Watch City Brewing’s German-style Golden Ale. This light offering is brewed with premium German Malt, noble hops and yeast. The fermentation is done on the colder side of ale fermentation temperatures (61–65 F) and lagered for weeks in cold conditioning to produce a clean, crisp, delicately balanced beer usually with very subtle fruit flavors and aromas. Subdued maltiness throughout leads to a pleasantly refreshing tang in the finish. 

Smooth and crisp in the taste. 

Four, but that's it! 

(OK, 5 max), Whitney: The "Gun Show"
Occupation: Bootcamp Instructor
Likes: back muscles, backspin

It's Ladies' Night at Flat Top Johnny's! We've got your half-priced tables from open to close, nourishment, libations and some dangerous curveballs. Now drop and give us twenty!

Cape Ann Brewing and Watch City Brewing Company new on tap too!, Chloe came in for a visit today! She took right to the felt. :)

Be like Chloe and book your holiday party here! Because who doesn't like pool and darts and burgers and pinball and Golden Tee and beer in the heart of Kendall Square.

Right? 

Chloe agrees. john@flattopjohnnys.com, Where are YOU dropping your balls on New Year's Eve?!?

Wait.

RENT US OUT! We've got pool tables, darts and pinball and we can make you a real good deal on straight up just renting out the joint! Must bring: rowdy crowd and the ability to party into the night!

Drop me a line: john@flattopjohonnys.com, Three hours until GAME TIME!!

What are you ordering up with your football/pool/pinball experience?

http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html

We'll have it ready for you :), Straight from the tanks in Gloucester to our barely legal pool hall, it’s the famous Cape Ann Brewing Company’s Fisherman’s IPA!

”Handcrafted by the docks of America’s oldest seaport. Made with the finest imported 2-row barley and a healthy helping of Chinook and Sorachi Ace hops, this is a remarkable well-balanced version of this style and should not be missed.”

Don’t miss it tonight! S, A, T-U-R, D-A-Y. NIGHT!, Hi there, 

It's Friday and you are still in your Kendall Square or Cambridge, Massachusetts office, staring at this message right now.

It's the weekend! Get down here. -->, UPDATE: Our kitchen crushes it at catering. True story. Check out this gangster Hummus plate! Next time, leave the corporate caterer and buy local with us!

Kendall Square Cambridge, Massachusetts Cambridge Innovation Center, Who says a pool hall can't have innovative food? Behold, the NACHO WETS!!

They're French Fries, they're Nachos, they are ....

FRENCH FRY NACHOS!

*head explodes*

Have them while you play Pool for free tonight! :) Nacho Wets – French Fries with Onions, Jalapenos, Olives, Cheddar, Salsa, Sour Cream (pictured with Avocado) -- Just $10 to share., It's 5:30 which means it's time for The Kyle! Vodka, Pineapple, Orange and Grenadine. Yum yum!

Now close that laptop and get down here!, Cruise on over to the menu page to pick what you'll get during the game tonight. We'll of course have it on live and loud. How about one of our Johnny Dogs?!?

http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html

Here's the Arrow Dog, slathered in Chili, Cheese, Onions with a side of fries. Perfect fuel to root on a New England Patriots win! 

Pairs well with ... beer. 


Any beer, really.


Close your eyes and pick one from the draft list already., Ever tried playing a round of Darts as you watch Monday Night Football? 

Tonight's a good night to try it out :)

New England Patriots vs. Carolina Panthers tonight! Go Pats., No New England Patriots? No problem! We've got the games on TV and the games IRL. We're talking about pool, pinball and darts. Does your "sports bar" have that?


Didn't think so.

Kendall Square Pool 9-Ball Pool Pinball Pool, Snooker, 8-Ball, Bartender Kelsie in action last night. Our friendly staff will be here all night long! The kitchen closes at Midnight so come in later and grab a bite ... 

Follow us on Twitter for the latest news and notes http://twitter.com/flattopjohnnys, It appears a number of people took our advice this #TGIF. A few tables still open for you and Kyle and staff happy to help you kick the weekend off right. 

It's what you might call a "no brainer.", Happy #TGIF! Now #gtfo and escape from the world for an hour or two. Grab a cue, a Cambridge Brewing Company Table 6 and hit the felt. Soon enough, the weekend will come to you.

:), One of our special #urbanart #graffiti works that surround the felted pool hall. Come immerse yourself tonight.

Also: We have beer., #FavecastFridays took over our venue last Friday for a successful event featuring a towering group of apps, Oskar Blues Brewery, a team at every table and of course many a Favecast 

http://favecast.com/249HkLMW58

Read more here:
http://blog.favecast.com/post/66879209056/favecast-friday-flat-top-johnnys-recap#.UoPtjmTk8r9

Get the iPhone app and get at me if you'd like to throw your own bash! We're pretty good at it: john@flattopjohnnys.com

Unless your group doesn't like fun. Then well nevermind., ICYMI: Photos from #ftj20 are up!

http://is.gd/ftj20photo

#tagyoself, Ladies night! 50% off all tables! Bring your friends ... And your frienimies. ;) 

#pool #poolparty #kendallsquare #cambma #boston #goodtimes, Cold out? Not in here. Come #rackemup with us this afternoon. Ask about our wi-fi password, or just leave the work in the office.

Pool doesn't have time for work. ;), Flat Top's is now offering a great employment opportunity. We are looking for a full time bartender/day shift manager to help us grow our fledgeling lunch service. The hours are roughly 10:30am to 5:00pm Monday thru Friday. This position pays a decent hourly rate plus tips. Experience is good but availability and dependability are more important. Hit us up; john@flattopjohnnys.com., A hearty thank you to all who have answered the call. Happy Veterans Day, ICYMI: Johnny invited the Hot Tamale Brass Band to invade the pool hall last night! Bringing that New Orleans funk to Kendall Square!, Doors are open, NFL, Burgers, Pints, 1/2 price pool all day. When are you getting here?, Thanks John! Here's to 20 more and a new sign! #ftj20 @kendall_square @kendallnow #pool #poolparty #cambma #haircut #jj #instasign, Hot Tamale Brass Band tearing #ftj20 up rn! @kendall_square @kendallnow #jazz #neworleans #cambma #craftbeer, Happy 20th anniversary John! #instavid #ftj20 #neworleans #jazz #poolparty #kendallsquare #cambma, It's been 20 years since we first started filling this notebook and tonight WE CELEBRATE! We've got the unparalleled music selection of the Whiskey Barons programming the tunes all night. The always stunning Ludella Hahn for photos at 8pm, a Champagne toast, our Cambridge Brewing Company custom-made Table 6 IPA (we saved a barrel ;) ) and a special surprise performance at 9:30! Get dressed up and get there on time! 

We're closing at 7pm and the party starts at 8! Hit me up to get on the list! (PS: This party is free of charge!!)

#ftj20, Many thanks to everyone who celebrated our 20th Anniversary! With music from the Whiskey Barons a surprise appearance from the Hot Tamale Brass Band and an Evan Smith Photography photo booth with Ludella Hahn it's definitely a night we will never forget.

Plus, we got a new sign! 

Get tagging:, The #FavecastFriday 8-ball tourney kicking off! Regram from @favecast #pool #felt #tournament #pubsports #8ball #cambridge #party #craftbeer #jj #instapool #poolparty #cambma #kendallsquare, HEADS UP: Eventbrite playing tricks on our 20th anniversary (platinum!) invite party on Saturday. It's begins at 8pm! Make no mistake.

Wait what party? Email for deets john@flattopjohnnys.com 

Psst: #Freebeer

#craftbeer #poolparty #ftj20 Kendall Square Cambridge, Massachusetts Cambridge Brewing Company, Tomorrow hit up FTJ's for the always fun Really Awesome Women Riding bikes troupe women's cyclist meet-up at 7pm!

Or head to Copley Square, Boston at 6pm and ride with them!

https://www.facebook.com/events/486318421475171/

Landry's Bicycles Back Bay Bicycles Hub Bicycle Co. Superb Bicycle Broadway Bicycle School, We still have some of our custom-made 20th anniversary #Table6 #IPA on tap! You folks are slacking! ;)

Makes for a truly awesome after-work treat, and order the freshly fired Jalapeno Pops to pair them with. We'll be open until 1am tonight and remember it's half-off pool for ladies!

Jalapeño Jalapeño popper Kendall Square Kendall Square Association Cambridge, Massachusetts Cambridge, Massachusetts, Are you a FOJ? DID YOU KNOW our official official, closed to the public 20th Anniversary is THIS SATURDAY NIGHT?!?! That's right. Hit me up if you know me for the invite: john@flattopjohnnys.com or heck ...

Even if you don't. ;) 

Kendall Square Cambridge, Massachusetts Cambridge, Massachusetts #pool Cambridge Brewing Company, null, It's Sunday, what else have you got to do? Laundry's done, right? You had brunch somewhere, yeah?

It's 30 minutes until game time! Where are you going?

Do they have pinball? ... Pool? Local burgers? ... Darts? 

Didn't think so. See you soon :)

New England Patriots #craftbeer Cambridge Brewing Company 9-Ball Pool Darts Pool #poolparty Harpoon Brewery Shipyard Brewing Company Lagunitas Brewing Co Lionshead Pilsner

(image courtesy http://instagram.com/p/gQ5gZFP8a5/), The Boston Red Sox delivered on their promise of bringing home the championship!! What a parade today.

Clockwise: Junichi Tazawa John Farrell David Ross John Lackey and Clay Buchholz, Mike Napoli and David Ortiz (who had his own float blasting music lol)

Let's keep the party going at Flat Top Johnny's tonight! Our kitchen is open until midnight. 

#worldseries #rollingrally #redsox #boston #baseball Until next year!, #leaveworkearly and get #tgif'd with Cambridge Brewing Company and #pinball! Pictured: 

L: The Simpsons Pinball Party (Stern, 2003) http://is.gd/igcBao
R: Spider-Man (Stern, 2007) http://is.gd/zu5uXO

Goes spectacular with our last keg of #Table6 IPA! Let's get this weekend started, shall we? #TGIGTFO!!, BOO! Trick or #treatyoself to our Perfetti’s Cupcakes tonight! Happy #Halloween everyone!, Yes indeed that Boston Red Sox game still has us reeling. Thanks to everyone who came out! What a night for our city.

One of our favorite recaps came from the Boston Herald "From Chumps to Champs"

http://bostonherald.com/sports/red_sox_mlb/boston_red_sox/2013/10/red_sox_chumps_to_champs

But it's #Halloween tonight! Headed to a party? Stop by and eat before! (Don't forget to eat!) The kitchen is open til 12 too! Come as you are or come in costume and don't forget our Cambridge Brewing Company Table 6 IPA is still on tap!  

#craftbeer #poolparty #costumeparty #boston, What goes better with the #WORLDSERIES (!!) than our Johnny Dogs?

Get the THE DOG PILE with toppings like the mess back Bacon and Sautéed Peppers n’ Onions or the HARRY DOG with sauerkraut and Alex's Ugly Sauce? 

How about FREE POOL after 9pm?!?

See you tonight and Go Boston Red Sox! VAMANOS!, "“Any time this guy opens his mouth, it’s like [whoosh-like sound effect], locked in,” Gomes said.

http://nesn.com/2013/10/david-ortizs-dugout-speech-during-game-4-of-world-series-is-stuff-of-legends/

Game 6 tonight! Started from the bottom now the whole team's here. 

Win. 

One. 

More.

Boston Red Sox Cambridge, Massachusetts Boston, Massachusetts David Ortiz Koji Uehara Jonny Gomes Mike Napoli Pool Pineland Farms Alex's Ugly Sauce, Ladies!! 50% off your round of pool tonight! Like Ludella Hahn says: Come Play with Us! Every Tuesday, Learn more about the shocking finale of last night's game:

http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/29/sports/baseball/attempt-to-disrupt-hitter-led-to-game-ending-pickoff.html

What could possibly happen tonight?! Come find out. First pitch is at 8:07pm but the burgers and pool and pinball go all night!

Boston Red Sox St. Louis Cardinals Cambridge, Massachusetts  9-Ball Pool Pinball, What are you going to get with Game 5 on the TV tonight? 
The Grilled Chicken Wings All Day or the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Tenders? Comes with with Buffalo, BBQ or Sriracha Garlic Sauce? 

Either way you win!

#GOSOX! Come home ahead, boys!, Clay takes the mound tonight! Can the #redsox even up the #worldseries? We have pool also. #boston #postseason #kendallsquare #baseball, null, Can you handle the Hot n' Ugly? With @AlexsUglySauce, Habanero Relish and Pepper Jack? 

Better wash it down with a @cambridgebrewer #Table6! That thing is hottt! #burgers #craftbeer #roslindale #hotsauce #instahot #friskyfriday #instaburger #burgeroftheday #cheeseburger, #TGIF! @kendall_square your #weekend has begun! Our tables, #pinball and #craftbeer awaits to kick things off proper. #poolparty #cambma, Thank you Widmer Brothers Brewing from bringing by some of their delicious #CraftBeer for us to taste! Should we bring some of this into the bar do you think?

http://instagram.com/p/f5hMoglMfZ/, And Halloween has begun down here at FTJ's @dawnamatrix @kendall_square #fashion #latex #poolparty #costumes #instalikes #jj, New on tap: Shipyard Brewing Company Pumpkinhead + Narragansett Beer Bohemian Pils. 

Perfect timing for our Halloween Pre-party tonight! http://is.gd/ftjpre, Will we see these Sailor Moon catsuits tonight from Boston Designer of the Year Dawnamatrix Designs? Only one way to find out http://is.gd/ftjpre 

Halloween starts tonight! J. Cannibal Hubba Hubba Belle Gunz Mary Widow Miss Dinah DeVille Dinah Deville Femme Brulée Kid Vicious and more!! , What goes better with the #RedSox and our #craftbeer?

Our Onion Rings with HorseRadish Mayo or 

Our 9-Ball Nachos?


WRONG! The correct answer is both. See you later :), SIX REASONS WHY we are the best place in Cambridge to watch the #RedSox play in the #WorldSeries:

1. Our custom-made Cambridge Brewing Company Table 6 IPA is still on tap
2. Our Pineland Farms grass-fed burgers
http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html
3. Our TVs with sound
4. Validated parking in the Garage
5. Free Pool After 9pm!!!
6. LUCKY DIRT!!!

*wipes hands*

See you tonight!

Boston Red Sox Kendall Square Cambridge, Massachusetts Pool, Snooker, 8-Ball Pinball Darts, #tuesday is Ladies Night! 50% off tables for you and the girls! What's your pool personality?

Angela: The "Big Boss"
Occupation: Executive Director
Likes: calling the shots

#poolparty #pool #billiards #ftj20 #instalikes #friskyfriday, Halloween starts this Thursday! 

THE Halloween, Pre-Game Party 2013 

J. Cannibal Hubba-Hubba Miss Dinah DeVille Dawnamatrix Designs Kid Vicious Penny Candy Boston Costume Sid and Nancy, What goes with #9ball? The Davis! @PlymouthGin, @AperolUSA and the local @drinkstender #hashtagalcohol #drinks #alcohol #cocktails #craftcocktails, It's Monday and that means that, like we have for 20 years, the 9 Ball Tournament is tonight! (The 1,040th edition?!!) 

7pm sharp. Don't be late! 

Kendall Square 9-Ball Pool, Anyone for a round of Cricket? Our #dartboards are two of #Boston's finest ... @kendall_square #pubgames #darts #craftbeer #cambma #fun #burgers #darting #goodtimes, Place is hoppin, #redsox on TV. Kitchen open til 12. Come get some. #poolparty, The #table6 is tapped! #ftj20 h/t @cambridgebrewer #beer #craftbeer #IPA #hashtagalcohol #suds #jj #igers @ftjadams, One of our first logos h/t Lee Wolf @SalemShanty #ftj20 #pool #logos #instalikes #graphicdesign #salem #games #jj #poolparty, Ain't no nacho party like a 9-Ball Nacho party! Stuff them in your mouth as you watch the #RedSox take on the Tigers in game 6 of the #ALCS! #nofilter

Goes great with our NEW and CUSTOM-MADE #Table6 IPA ...  Tapping at 7, game at 8! --> http://is.gd/ftjcbc 

Cambridge Brewing Company 9-Ball Pool Boston Red Sox Cambridge, Massachusetts Kendall Square Jalapenos, The #Table6 IPA has arrived! We tap it at 7pm tonight http://is.gd/ftjcbc @cambridgebrewer #craftbeer #ftj20 #hashtagalcohol #beer #IPA #redsox #igers #picoftheday #drinks, Closed tonight at 5pm for a private party, but we'll be back open at 11pm for late-night pool/dogs/burgers (and beer). 

Want your own private pool party? Who wouldn't?! Email Johnny himself and he'll sort you out: john@flattopjohnnys.com, This Saturday is the @cambridgebrewer #kegtapping but next THURSDAY our #Halloween pre-party will leave you in stitches! http://is.gd/ftjpre #burlesque #comedy #drama #party #costumes #latex #hubbahubba #instalikes #friskyfriday, #redsox are on! Who ya got? Our brined and grilled #bbq chicken wings or our grass-fed Maine beef bacon cheeseburger? #tossup #getboth #gosox #getbeerd #foodporn #igers #poolparty #postseason, We are more than just pool! Check out these dudes going in on some Axis and Allies: WWI 1914 #axisandallies #boardgames #pbrpg #games #fun #friends #happy #nerdalert, From our friends at Cambridge Brewing Company:

Flat Top Johnny’s 20th Anniversary Beer!

Yes, you read that correctly. 

20 years of kickass billiards and great drinks!

It was October, 1993 when John Adams – bartender extraordinaire at Cambridge Brewing since 1990 – left CBC to go it on his own.

One barbershop haircut and twelve red-felted tournament tables later, and Flat Top Johnny’s was born. 

Flat Top’s quickly gained a reputation as a great pool room with a hip vibe, which it has maintained ever since, without letting numerous awards and accolades go to their heads.

So we felt compelled to brew a beer in their honor – 
it’s what we do, after all.

See you Saturday for the party!! 
RSVP ---> http://is.gd/ftjcbc, The 20th Anniversary pint glasses are in! Get yours Saturday at the CBC #Table6 #IPA launch party! http://is.gd/ftjcbc #20years #1993 #craftbeer #beer #drinks #jj #igers #localbrew #cambridge, Heck of a win from our hometown heroes last night, don't you think? Two more questions:

1. Where are you watching tonight?
2. Do they have free pool?

... cause we do. 9pm-close! 

#FreePoolWednesdays Boston Red Sox Pool Pool, Snooker, 8-Ball 9-Ball Pool Kendall Square Cambridge, Massachusetts Baseball #redsox David Ortiz Koji Uehara, null, #KCCOBlackLager hits FTJ!! Be one of the first in town to try this new brew by Resignation Brewery, The Chive, Boston Chive. 

Available now!, Leah: The "Wild Child"
Occupation: Lead Singer
Likes: mass crowds, Masse shots

It's Tuesday, ladies, and you know what that means: half-priced tables for you all night at Flat Top Johnny's! Because we understand how much you rock., Go Sox!, We love this., We agree with Philippe. http://favecast.com/video/page/v/279AlVW1Io/t/, We are so very excited for this, if you ride and haven't done this, you should. And the ride ends here~, Whitney: The "Gun Show"
Occupation: Bootcamp Instructor
Likes: back muscles, backspin

It's Ladies' Night at Flat Top Johnny's! We've got your half-priced tables from open to close, nourishment, libations, and some dangerous curveballs. Now drop and give us twenty!, A little FTJ  anniversary trivia, we scheduled our first Monday night tournament shortly after we opened in 1993, we've had a regularly scheduled tourny on Mondays ever since. Who's playing tonight?, Hey kids, FTJ will be closed tonight so a very special member of our Flat Top family can celebrate their recent wedding. Sorry for the inconvenience and see you tomorrow for the early games!, The pool room doubling as a runway. #beauty, See the kinda things you miss when you forget to come in on Thursday night?, Fashion show prep, Remember to get your parking validation if you drive to Flat Top Johnny's. With validation you get up to 4 hours parking for $5, after 5PM weekdays, on weekends it's a flat rate of $5 any time as long as you exit by 4:00 AM, sense a theme?, Angela: The "Big Boss"
Occupation: Executive Director
Likes: calling the shots

What's YOUR pool personality? Find out Tuesdays at Flat Top Johnny's, with half price tables for you and the girls all night long. We love it when you play games with us!, It's not to early to plan your fashion week. Come to this it'll be fun. Promise , Pianos and Poolhalls. They go together. Come play., TUESDAYS ARE LADIES' NIGHT AT FLAT TOP JOHNNY'S
Half-priced tables for you and the girls all night long!
Bring your friends...and your frenemies., We are very excited to host these talented women again!
https://www.facebook.com/events/568355819878164/, Hey kids, if you have tried the new food offerings and liked them or if you are just a fan of FTJ, you could do us a solid and visit yelp for a positive review. Thanks in advance!, Lunch on Sunday? Burgers, beer, football, pool. Early games will be on! Doors at 11:45. See you soon., Hey, we have an idea, lets do lunch? Who's in? We are...starting tomorrow your favorite pool hall will be open for tasty noshing, beverages and pool starting at 11:45 AM, 7 days a week. Lunch time just got better at One Kendall, please share the news!, Big thanks to all the people who have and continue to work so hard to make Flat Top's happen. Happy Labor Day to the best employees in the world., 1/2 price pool all day, (that's $6/hr. to you and me), yummy burgers, dogs and fries from the kitchen, cold libations from Curtis at the bar.  Doors at 3pm. That's a win., Big thanks to Boston Bike Party for bringing the Boardwalk ride to Flat Top's. We love you guys
https://www.facebook.com/BostonBikeParty?hc_location=stream, The Battle of Pueblo, blue cheese, jalapeño, L,T,M, secret sauce, comes with fries. We have several waiting for you., The finished product. Never been played., Free pool just got amped with some brand new felt. Insider tip, ask for a table up front. Free pool every Wednesday after 9pm, Boston Bike Party enjoying a post ride pint, Excuse me, ladies...is this guy bothering you? Flat Top Johnny's to the rescue with half price tables for you tonight and every Tuesday! He's not invited, we promise., Up in lights, Thank you so much to Boston Magazine for recognizing the little pool hall in Cambridge. #muchlove
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2013/award/pool-hall/, "Oh, Francesca, whatever shall we do this Tuesday evening?"
"Why, Abigail, I do believe it is Ladies' Night at Flat Top Johnny's. We shall receive our tables at half price for the entirety of the soiree!"
"Oh my, with such savings, we could mayhaps indulge in a Johnny Burger, or a refreshing pint of ale..."
"Indeed. Now loosen my corset, so that I may bank this shot.", 5:00 place is jacked. #thursday, The Hot n' Ugly Burger- ALex's Ugly Hot Sauce, Habanero Relish, Pepper Jack Cheese. That's a 1/4 lb burger served on a delicious roll and comes with crispy fries. $9, add an hour of two of pool, still 9 bucks any wednesday #freepoolwednesdays, Margaritas anyone? Doors at 3PM, Sea breeze has cooled things off nicely here in Cambridge. Perhaps the patio is your happy place to throw back a couple of Notch Session Beers
http://www.notchbrewing.com/2013/05/03/the-little-lager-that-could/, "All new kitchen" and "brand new menu". They go together like burgers and fries. Come try it. We think you'll find something you like. http://www.flattopjohnnys.com/menu.html, Kate: The "Diamond Doctor"
Occupation: Systems Geneticist
Likes: pocket protectors, corner pockets

Studies show that billiards and air conditioning are good for you, so be cool and stay in pool! Half-priced tables for the ladies tonight and every Tuesday night. So don't over-analyze...join us!, It's Thursday, and we simply want to say "Cheers", Leah: The "Wild Child"
Occupation: Lead Singer
Likes: mass crowds, Masse shots

It's Tuesday, ladies, and you know what that means: half-priced tables for you all night at Flat Top Johnny's! Because we understand how much you rock., The AC is cranked, the grill is on and the beer is cold. See you tonight?, Happy 4th to all our friends and extended family. We will be open and air conditioned for all your pre and post firework needs. Burgers and libations for all! Doors @ 3, Thanks Bostinno, null, New menu up in here, might want to try it out. All natural grass fed burgers? We got those. Open 3pm to 1am daily, right through the holiday weekend #openInBOS, null, Who's gettin dem fries?, Whitney: The "Gun Show"
Occupation: Bootcamp Instructor
Likes: back muscles, backspin

It's Ladies' Night at Flat Top Johnny's! We've got your half-priced tables from open to close, nourishment, libations, and some dangerous curveballs. Now drop and give us twenty!, For 20 years we've been asked "do you have fries"? For the first time tomorrow we can say "Yes!" So tomorrow the first 20 people to ask if we have fries will get them for free. #love, Great news from the kitchen! All the new kitchen upgrades have been installed, tested and inspected. We are good to start cooking with gas. Stay tuned for new menu offerings over the next couple of weeks #johnnyburger, Angela: The "Big Boss"
Occupation: Executive Director
Likes: calling the shots

What's YOUR pool personality? Find out Tuesdays at Flat Top Johnny's, with half price tables for you and the girls all night long. We love it when you play games with us!, Thanks to the Boston Bruins for a great playoff run, and thanks to everybody who came out to watch the games with us. Let's go Sox!, Oh you can sit on the patio if you like, but inside the AC will be cranking, and so will the B's on the flat screens. Ice cold beer? Yeah, we thought so. See you @ 4, Up in here for 6am fire alarm testing for the new kitchen, we are just days away from Johnny Burgers, and hot delicious french fries., Let's go B's!, Patio all weekend. Get in here., Billiards, Beverages, Bruins. Free pool after 9pm. You know., TUESDAYS ARE LADIES' NIGHT AT FLAT TOP JOHNNY'S
Half-priced tables for you and the girls all night long!
Bring your friends...and your frenemies, Happy Father's day to all the dads and those who love them., null, Cold beer, Stanley Cup Finals, and free pool after 9pm, beat that., So this got delivered today, getting closer #frenchfries, null, Pride, go show it!, Today is Prince's birthday and he likes to play pool. What, you're better than him?, Old Skool, Pool was always free for The Rat Pack, tonight it is for you too. Free pool after 9. #cocktails #bruins, Ladies night every Tuesday, 1/2 price pool. Hey ladies!, Tournament if you're game, plenty of open tables if not, and Bruins hockey on the tubes. Add your favorite beverage and you have one smooth Monday night., Big thanks to Superb Bicycle and all the folks that made our first Cruise Night a success. It's Sunday, 1/2 price pool all day in here. Doors @ 3., $3 Harpoon IPA, air conditioned, patio seating,  sweet ride contest, prizes, music, pool, tasty bites. No cover. Get here., And boom, broke a grand. Congrats to Megan Laad, message us to claim your prize!, We are 4 likes from 1000. The 100th gets a prize...go., Great fundraiser with fun people full of energy and talent. Thanks to all who brought us a special night, New art #cambridge #proud, Burlesque performers are some of the most driven and involved folks we know. No surprise that some of them are having a fundraiser, it's gonna be a rock solid good time at the old pool hall. Won't you join us?
https://www.facebook.com/events/327036854092102/, On this Memorial Day we hope for peace for those who lost their lives fighting for their beliefs, and to the families and friends left behind., Still kinda chilly out, we are here for you with warm tasty bites and 1/2 price pool all day. Doors at 3 PM, This Memorial Day weekend, come get your thankful on with us! From 3 pm to 1 am, we've got Angry Orchard Cider on tap, Peak Organic Summer Session Ale, and a patio that is just raring for sunshine. And don't forget to visit our page and claim your free hour of pool with our buy an hour/get an hour offer! Flat Top Johnny's salutes all of our brave men and women who have served, and/or are currently serving, in the armed forces., Napkin art, some talented folks up in here, null, Tonight, this is free. Every Wednesday after 9 pm #freepool, Tuesday is Ladies' Night! Join us for nibbles, beer (or scotch), and half-priced pool for ladies all night long. Because when the working day is done, girls just want to rock LIKE A BOSS., Patio is cooking early 16 beers #ontap, Throwin back some Peak Organic Summer here on a Thursday. Booyahh. https://www.facebook.com/peakbrewing?fref=ts, Hey the little pool hall that could is almost at 1000 likes, please share and better still come see us for a pint and a game of pool. Mille Grazie, Happy Mother's Day, null, A shandy you say? Throw back a Curious Traveler with us. It's Thursday after all., We love this., Besides all the drink, billiard and food goodness Flatty's also has dart boards, pinball and Golden Tee golf. That's right., Cinco de Something. If you are looking to avoid the foam sombreros and some guy named Sully shaking his Corona w/lime in your face, come see us. We have tequila. Doors at 3 pm today and Sunday., It's Patio season, we have casual first come first serve patio seating all season long. #patio, We are half way to finishing our kitchen hood/vent. Burgers will be go in a couple of weeks. Sooooo...what's your favorite burger topping?, For anybody that still wants to contribute but couldn't join us last night, here is a link where you can give directly to honor the memory of Sean Collier. Thanks to everybody who helped!
https://www.kintera.org/AutoGen/Simple/Donor.asp?ievent=1070676&en=duJUK5NHJgJTK0PHIjI2K6MILeJPIbOTJbJUJ8OOKnI0IhM2KyF&track=JFJFH42413B&msource=JFJFH42413B, We are firing this bad boy up in about 6 hours, bring your do-gooder drinking shoes for real!
https://www.facebook.com/events/172529726239247/, And there will be fun., Ya'll coming?, FTJ'ers. Some regs are putting together a fundraiser this Saturday night. Details to follow, we would love to see you there!, Fresh air duct is in. Next up, exhaust. #newhood #frenchfries, Thanks to everybody who came out last night. We really appreciate it. Back to a normal schedule. 1/2 price pool and Sunday tourney. Doors open at 3', Really looking forward to seeing your smiling faces tonight. Lets play some pool. Doors open at 3!, Sorry to bother you with another announcement but we will not be open tonight for the same reasons we have been closed all day. Take care of yourselves and we will hopefully see you tomorrow., Given the news of the controlled explosion down the street and out of a need to protect staff and patrons we will remain closed until authorities give us the all clear. We will update later. Stay safe and we will all meet for a game and a pint soon!, Our hearts go out to MIT Police Officer Sean Collier, may his family and friends find peace., All businesses have been asked to remain closed. We will update you when that changes. Stay safe everybody., Come in and learn a little sumpin tonight. And there is beer.
http://www.cambridgesciencefestival.org/2013Festival/2013ScheduleOfEvents/ScienceCrawl.aspx, We are sure many of you saw this, but we had to share it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbHMRpdk3_4&feature=player_embedded, If you were moved by the actions of Carlos Arrendondo, you might consider donating here:
http://www.militaryfriends.org/donate/, https://www.facebook.com/events/482305138507283, Thoughts and prayers to everybody that was at the finish line., And you thought it was just a game of pool. It's science!
http://www.cambridgesciencefestival.org/2013Festival/2013ScheduleOfEvents/ScienceCrawl.aspx, The new kitchen good has arrived!, Work on our new kitchen is set to begin on Monday. Who wants to see french fries on our new menu? What's your favorite style of fry?, Did we mention the patio is open?, Let's go Sox!, OG logo, On Wednesdays, we bring you free pool. Why? Because we love you. Free pool every Wednesday after 9pm., Here we go Red Sox!, Wishing everybody a safe and happy Easter weekend. And we will be open for when family starts to stink. 3 to 1am F,S,Su., CBC Spring Training IPA come get some, How much more free could pool be? The answer is none, none more free. Free pool this and every Wednesday after 9PM, 5:00 and this joint is bumpin. We love you One Kendall Square., Let's go Crimson!, Way to go Harvard!
http://scores.espn.go.com/ncb/recap?gameId=330800167, null, The single best photo ever taken of Flat Top Johnny's, Guinness, Jameson, we got that. Just leave the leprechaun suit at the door., What you see here is the start of a new kitchen and a whole new menu!, We got the free stuff in here tonight. Free pool every Wednesday 9 to close., Locally owned and operated since 1993., The drinking lamp will be lit at 3. Come play with us., Former bartender and resident DJ, Davey Pierre-Toussaint on the bar tonight, Davey and his balls reuinited at last. Be here, and stay for free pool after 9, Key word tonight is, early. Plenty of open tables. Avoid the list!, Best lost and found call ever. "I may have left my pants at the bar...." You couldn't write this stuff., Former Flat Top's GM, and all around good guy, now world renowned author. Read his books, they will make you smile., Elvis wants you to have half priced pool. TCB, Pool players get some., Dahht ahht, null, We'd like to welcome Bon Me to One Kendall Square. Just had the Chinese BBQ pork rice bowl. Yum!, This is a really cool video shot at Flat Top's. Enjoy., 1/2 price pool and $5 parking all day. #wehavebeer, We know you have many reasons to come to Flatty's. Let's add $5 weekend parking to it. $5 flat rate, One Kendall garage every Saturday and Sunday, People got here early tonight., Game of pool and a cocktail tonight? Bring friends., We sure would LOVE it if you spent your evening with us., We heart you, we really do. Be our Valentine?, Big thanks to the folks who came in to play these last two nights. Also big ups to our staff for getting us open and OKS clean up crews for making it passable. You all Rock!, More beauty., Open regular hours today, 3pm-1am, $5 parking at OKS garage, and as always 1/2 price pool all day on Sundays. Can you dig it?, Driving ban is lifted, and the parking garage is open. Drinks?, Flat Top Johnny's will open at 1 for all your cabin fever needs. Please share., Diggin out, Rumor has it that a couple of intrepid employees spent the night in One Kendall and will be opening the doors later. Stay tuned., Once again we are not letting our defiant nature get the best of us. We are CLOSED this evening. Big ups to Ben and Kirsten for volunteering to open either way, we prefer that they are safe at home. See you all tomorrow!, Ok the T and the Gov forced our hand. We are going to close tonight. We will try to open tomorrow night for post blizzard festivities. Peace., Our brethren in arms, Contrary to what you see in the news the storm hasn't happened yet. Open for business tonight and as far into the weekend as the authorities will allow. Word., We like to give back too. Saturday we brought you beautiful models in latex and lace. Tonight, and every wednesday we bring you free pool. After 9pm, We unfortunately had a missing wallet from Saturday night. If anybody has any information or saw anything please let us know., Please exit the stadium and take the shuttle to Flat Top's. the lights are still ok here., Football on the flatscreens with sound, good beer, pool tables, tasty bites from Ben's kitchen, and no dudes with Ray Lewis face paint. Watch it here, doors open @ 3., Tonight, Hope you have your ticket!, The Phoenix gives out awards, we are nominated for something, you can vote and stuff.
http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/, We are so super excited about this event. Gonna be a hot night in the cold city. Next Saturday Night!
https://www.facebook.com/events/484056394969410/, Local phenom and FoFTJ Steve Porter throwin down for Did'knee. Sweet!, Pinhead spoiler alert. Get in here., Day like this calls for brown liquor.17 whiskeys to choose from. And free pool tonight after 9., Hope everybody is enjoying the MLK holiday, and inauguration day. Feel free to stop in tonight, we open at 4 and close at 1. There is beer., “Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” -Martin Luther King Jr., The  winnah! Enjoy the game Lisa., Getting close...gonna give these bad boys away in about 20 mins. Boom, Tailgate mania already. Get in here son, Giving 2 of these away at our tailgate party tonight 5-8 go., So here is the skinny on the AFC Championship ticket giveaway. Very simple, come party with us, get a raffle ticket at the door (no purchase necessary) be here @ 7:30 when we pull the winning number, match it and go to the game on us! It's that simple! Party., Don't miss the AFC Championship like this guy. Don't be THAT guy. https://www.facebook.com/events/317023295082583/, null, Share a High Life with a friend tonight? #Forty, Put on the new shoes and get in here this weekend., AJ man left a credit on each pin. First pinhead in gets a free game. Doors at 3, Free pool up in here. Every Wednesday 9 to close., Y'all should come to this.
https://www.facebook.com/events/484056394969410/, When celebrities visit Flat Top's they sign the wall. Old time hockey aeh?, Late game? Tournament? Pool and drinks? New menu, and Curtis running the show. #sundaynight, S-a-t-u-r-d-a-y, Night., One of our former employees is trying to make a record. Check him out! Tim's good people.
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1534748707/tim-kile-new-record-whut?ref=email, New Menu. Join us for a sammich., That happened, null, Happy New Year, and thanks for a great '12. Big love to our customers all year long!, We know you have made your plans for tonight, if they include us, thank you! If not, see you in the new year!, Best staff in the free world, We are closed today for our Company party, but please join us tomorrow night!
http://digboston.com/listen/2012/12/get-the-funk-up-flat-top-johnnys/, Remain calm, your local pool hall remains open, with a parking garage, and T-Service. Take that local weather people apocalypse talkers!, Super officially official. Thanks Dig!, Holiday Hours Y'all;
Friday, Saturday, 3PM to 1AM
Sunday, Closed for our company Holiday Party
NYE, Doors open @ Nine for "Get The Funk Up"!, We know you have lot's of options for NYE. We think you will be happy with ours. Doors @ 9, 20 bucks., Happy Christmas!, Curtis and Dianne hosting you today. Late games, holiday cheer, straight pool. Doors open at 3., Flat Top's will be closed Monday and Tuesday so we may spend the holiday with friends and family., null, New years eve, that's right NYE!, During this crazy holiday season Saturday night is always a good night to get a table. Get here before 8 and you should have plenty of choice. Cheers!, Such sorrow in this world., Flat Top NYE fashion tip #13, The hall, One of the only times you will hear Jason Aldeen pumping through our speakers. Private Party. Doors open at 4., null, Hey kids, Flatty's will be closed from 5:30 to 9 tonight for a private function. Tis the season, see you at 9!, Happy Hanukkah!, Proud sponsors of The Slutcracke, Coincidentally we open at 3. Who's gonna bring Rags over for a bourbon afterwards?, We've been blessed with plenty of Holiday Party reservations. But not a single one on the 21st? Come on people, time to put down the Mayan calendar., Congratulations to our good friends at Deep Ellum and Cambridge Brewing Company., Happy Repeal Day!, If you need a break from IPA's this just took over a tap. http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/823/2916, Way to go Pats another playoff appearance! #newenglandpatriots, As promised. CBC Triple Threat Belgian Tripel. One barrel run., Grilled veggie platter for today's party, Big thanks to all of you who stayed calm and shot pool during the great Cambridge Apocalypse, Stay calm and shoot pool. The power is still on here., Hey Beer lovers, we have a special barrel joining the tap list on Friday You are gonna want to try this. http://cambridgebrewing.com/beer/description/tripel-threat/, null, Go support all these fabulous performers and look for our sponsor add in the program!, 80 people at 1:00 on a Tuesday booyah! #fullhouse #holidayparty, We have a 9-Ball tournament every Monday night. Feeling competitive? We also have plenty of open tables for a more casual playing experience, and beer., Chilly Sunday, come in for some warmth, the late games and some 1/2 price pool offered every Sunday., We think this is a good idea, and thank all of you who have supported this locally owned small business. Love you guys., Stick it in the fridge, stick it in the fridge, stick it in the fidge...Gansett Porter just came in. Chillin., We are off giving thanks with friends and family. Enjoy the holiday, and see you all tomorrow for Black Friday night!, Hey kids, Flat Top's will be closed on thanksgiving so we can spend time with family and friends. But, don't forget free pool tonight, and our Black Friday Night event on Friday! https://www.facebook.com/events/310371495744306/, Don't let Krampus get you. Book your holiday party today. There is still time, but he's watching....., Hey the little neighborhood pool hall just got to 700 likes. Thanks neighbor., null, They came, they drank, they got back on the bus., The Pom Poms were real, we checked., null, Bright city lights, Friday night, just sayin, Little Flat Top trivia, for you, It used to be Triple J's Big man Ale...now where have we seen that "J" before?
http://twitter.com/CraftMass/status/268821439480745984/photo/1/large?utm_source=fb&utm_medium=fb&utm_campaign=CambridgeBrewer&utm_content=269154681551478784, Thanks Dig, we Dig you too, but we might want to spank that intern who spelled our name wrong! Pinheads unite! 
http://digboston.com/taste/2012/11/dig-this-awards-2012-food-drink-camberville/, Ok, so we are adding Pool Desk, and server to the list of employee needs. Please spread the word and alert your friends. This is a fun place to work and the holiday season provides some serious money making, for those of you who need that sort if thing. Please share!, It's a shot and a beer kinda night. Add in a couple of games of pool and its a party. See you later?, Thank you Veterans, and peace to all of you., Looks like Lincoln is blowing up again at the Kendall. Allow us to be you pre or post movie hosts., A public service announcement....cold beer while you wait?, The perfect phone case for the beer connoisseur. Happy Friday!, Hey FOF's. Flatty's is getting ready to hire a chef. We are looking for an energetic person who would enjoy the challenge of running out kitchen and helping us potentially transition to a full service kitchen. Hands on, and creative are the buzzwords for this position. Please share if you know anybody who might fit the bill. Thanks!, Ok folks, the election is over and really it's only gonna be a little wind and rain (ok maybe a lotta wind and rain). So it's time to once again support your local pool hall. And pool is still free tonight! Where my regs at?, More acceptable fashion wear for your next night out at Flat Top's from our friends at The Garment District. Get in there and shop!, Please take the time to vote tomorrow. It will be the most patriotic thing you do all day. We love you guys!, Flat Top weekend tip; Friday and Saturday nights are busy on the tables. Try to come in before 8 on both nights for short wait times. Also don't forget Sunday night, pool is half price open to close. Crack., For all you GT heads Golden Tee is up and running tonight., Some good advice for those of you who like to extend the pumpkin season at home. And don't forget that fresh pumpkin ale is on tap right here at Flat Top Johnny's!, Nice to see our friends at Slumbrew continuing to expand., Some thoughts for a Happy Friday to take you into the weekend..., Happy Halloween! What are you drinking to celebrate?, The drinking lamp is lit., We hope everybody is safely tucked in and enjoying a good drink. Looking forward to re-opening soon as possible., In the interest of safety for our staff and customers and no T to  get around we will be closed tonight., Happy Friday, null, Great shot of our 19 party. Thanks Christian., Long time reg Dan Kane got his gear at 19, Big thanks to everybody who came out for 19 last night! The love was strong and the place was bumpin. We are continually humbled by your support., Student film shooting off hours., #19 thug, #19, #19 old school gear, Tonight, tonight., We got these. 4 buck pints anyone? Boo yah, So you have probably seen a lot of noise from us regarding our 19th anniversary. Why 19 you might have asked yourself? Seems like an odd number to celebrate. Well this one is just a little bit different. We have partnered with our landlords for another lease extension and hopefully 19 more years of fun. And, it is with a tug at the heart that we say so long to long time business partner Phil "Brew Daddy" Bannatyne as he takes off in another direction. Thanks Phil, we couldn't have gotten this far without your guidance, your business savvy and all that fresh Cambridge Brewing Company beer! Cheers!, Thanks Bostononbudget.com!, Tomorrow night Flat Top Johnny's! Come celebrate our 19th birthday!
-$2 PBR's and Gansetts. $4 pints on all taps. 
-$4 pints of Harpoon IPA and UFO Pumpkin through out the event.
-Special barrel of White Widow Seasonal IPA from our buddies at the Cambridge Brewing Company. 
-There will be champagne., This from Zagat's 10 most annoying cocktail trends. Shot and a beer anybody? 
Cocktail Snobbery

News flash: drinking is supposed to be fun. In the modern era of mixology when everyone is so hyper aware, it's easy to forget that. Surveyors called out the snobbishness of both patrons and the bar staff - the main complaint is that "people who think they know everything about cocktails" just ruin the fun. If you start judging someone for ordering a simple drink or reciting recipes from an obscure cocktail text published in early-century America, you probably need to calm down. Oh, and we know the perfect thing to help you relax - how about another drink?!, null, Happy Monday!, Apparently people run in Kendall square. Who knew?, Diddy, Brady and Giselle, Obama, Afleck and Lohan all on the guest list for 19. Not sure if they will make it, but Johnny will be hanging at the bar and rumor has it he's runnin a tab., The ghouls have arrived. They're doing shots., null, "did they say free pool every Wednesday?" "Yep, better than a kick in the ass..."  (after 9pm), You give, we give back., null, People always ask how we got started. The original notebook. #19yranniversary, Seems Mr Romney might not be the preferred candidate here tonight., There will be a slightly different soundtrack tonight at 9:00. How good it is will be up for debate., null, Dick says vote and we say, come watch the debate tonight...with sound. (and whiskey) 9:00PM, Ladies night. 1/2 price pool and wash it down with Oskar Brewing, Mamma's Lil Yella Pils. Fresh., Mars needs women, and Flat Top's needs help. We are hiring one part time kitchen person, and one almost full time Pool desk person. If you know anybody have them contact us @ john@flattopjohnnys.com. Go., Happy Cruise Nighters and intrepid souls., Aaand here comes the sun, bike events out but you can still ride here for the Free Pool and $3 Pints!, As we watch the ride cancellations pop up on the feed it looks like we made the right call. We got something they don't though. Thanks to our sponsors at CBC, Cambridge and Superb, we are still offering $3/pints and free pool, starts at 7, who's coming?, Important announcement folks. We love mother nature but she ain't returnin the love on this one. Postponing most activities, but we still got the free pool and $3 CBC pints for your heads., This place is made for rainy nights. #beer #billiards, One of our regs and a genuine good person got a clean bill of health today. #goodnews, Fall, Best staff in all the land. No matter what I throw at them, the standard response is; "We got this"., Who needs a van? #flattoprabbit, 4 Company parties, 2 fundraisers and a birthday party last week. Remember where to go for all your party needs. We even have the tequila., This past Friday, something special was found in the dark at Flat Top Johnny’s in Kendall Square—Dark Angels, a goth night for a good cause. 

Thanks to everyone for coming out. Special thanks to Mick Murray for the photos!, Will you be joining us at Flat Top for some pool this week? We hope to see you all there!, Curtis on the 1's and 2's tonight. Ask him for that new Knob Creek Rye. Tournament starts at 7 and plenty open tables too. Word., Thank you everyone who came out last night for the Cambridge Fire Fundraiser Event!, Good tunes and good people here tonight at FTJ- come down and join the fun!, Who's coming out tonight?!

DJs, free pool all night, photobooth...and most importantly it's our Cambridge Fire Fundraiser Event! 

ALL proceeds to this event go to charity, and everyone involved is volunteer (does not include bar- sorry!) but everyone should come, have a good time, and show support! 

$5 or $10 suggested donation for entry, Happy birthday to one of our favorite Regs, Ryan Murphy., Fundraiser takeover, Slumbrew/First Descent, Slumbrew/First Descent party kickin, We just tasted the Knob Creek Rye. Should be available for you to taste later this week., Prayers for the people. 9.11.01, Want to know what to wear to Flat Top's? You will never be turned away sporting one of these., Let's go Pats!, The power is still up, beer is still cold., Sierra Nevada Torpedo is the latest addition to our can lineup. Come get some, Hubway comes to One Kendall. Just another way to get here., Curtis is working for you today. Happy Labor Day. Doors open at 4., Perfect Patio night rollin already. Get here, http://www.dirtywatertv.com/2012/08/17/blogpost/best-of-boston-party-2012/

Who's that dude halfway through the video?, Pool, Free, Wednesday, 9PM, Old school caught in the act, null, Tonight we have our 9-ball tournament, plus plenty of tables for those of you who just want to play without the pressure of competition. Don't forget to ask Curtis for a Pork Slap, you know you want to., It's Friday, come play with us., Private function today from 4:30 to 8:30. We will open at 8:30 for billiards and libations. See you then!, A conversation you might overhear on a Wednesday:
Customer: How much is pool?
Flat Top staffer: Free
Starts at 9pm, Hugh was one of the first people I worked with in Cambridge over 20 years ago. He was a true original, and a good soul. He will be missed., Bam, Taking the covers off the fancy eating tables for tonights 9 ball tournament. Won't you join us?, Worth a listen. 
http://boston.com/ae/radio/, Flat Top Tip (Try saying that 5 times fast) Saturday is a late arriving crowd, so get in early to avoid the list. Play while the wait listers hate., null, Tonight the "Fancy Eatin Tables" are free, after 9., If it's Tuesday, it's Ladies Night. Half price pool. There is also Whiskey., Good luck to all the Pan-Mass challenge riders, and to those who contributed!, null, null, Thanks Boston Magazine. Nice for the little guys to get some pub., Featured Can, Mama's Little Yella Pils. From the folks at Oskar Blues. Come and get some, Sunday at FTJ's, 1/2 price pool all day, Curtis at the bar. See you at 3?, Flat Top Lunch Grill today. Burger, Hot Italian Sausage, or 2 Dogs, w/chips and bottle of water...$6., Danny Kane in the house tonight., We've been known to sell a Pabst or two around here, but apparently the sell a few in Yosemite National park as well, as seen on a recent trip out west. @pbr_boston #pbr, It's Monday, time for a PorkSlap., We love these guys #Harpoon, null, Back in 1993 when we first opened our doors we turned to a small station in Lynn to advertise and get the word out. Many add campaigns, on air interviews for fund raisers and even our summer music show on the patio featuring G Love and Special Sauce helped put us on the map. We hear there are even some softball shirts hanging around out there from the FNX team we cosponsored. So times change, but we will miss FNX.

http://boston.com/community/blogs/less_is_more/2012/07/wfnx_signs_off_today.html, We are going to stream our old friend TJ Connelly as he does his last show at WFNX. Just like '93 up in he-ah. 7 to 10, Attention pinheads and GT'ers. New configuration, should be amenable to all., Fresh, organic, locally sourced and sustainable fun. Free pool after 9 every Wednesday., Hot outside, cold in here. Questions?, Curtis will gladly reach into the ice tonight to get you a cold beer. See you at 4., It's Wednesday, that means free pool. Pool is free. How much is pool? Free. From 9 to close...come see us., 1/2 price pool tonight...for the ladies., Flat Top Saturday Night, cold beer, good noms, and plenty of tables if you get here early., Smells amazing, get down here., Cookout on the patio from 4:30-7:30 today!  Burgers, hot dogs, or sausage & peppers and a cold PBR to wash it down for $6.  It's summertime and the livin's easy., Happy Birthday Ed Rustan, and many more., Cold Beer/Air Conditioned, Cans baby, Spotted about town. Flat Top Wear is always appropriate., Umbrella scramble. The regs are hardcore., The Boston music scene has lost one of the good guys. Our condolences to the Sugarman family. Rest in peace Jeff Sugarman, null, Air Conditioned, Tonight's special. Ribs by the bone. $2.50 a bone. Make it a hell bone with East Coast Grill Inner Beauty Sauce. Diddy said so., Ladies night tonight and every Tuesday through the summer. 1/2 price pool. See you tonight?, We got the 9ball tonight, and the ladies tomorrow night, what what., Happy Fathers Day to all our dad friends., Witness...Happy Sol is good., Thursday night and perfect patio weather. 

Beer, From our friend Lina http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/blogs/thenextgreatgeneration/2012/06/3_boston_start-ups_you_should.html, Just wanted to send a hearty thanks to those of you who came out for LowTech Tuesdays. (psssst, the games will be here all summer, feel free to come in and play anytime), New swag, We got that Looowwww Tech tonight. Then we break with it for the summer. Don't be sad, just like always no cover tonight, just good music, low tech gaming, and drinks. We did mention drinks right?, Cruising into Summer. Tomorrow is our last LowTech until the fall. Also Next Tuesday will mark the return of Ladies night, 1/2 price pool for all our female playahs. We will be opening a tad later on Thursday and Friday afternoons, the fun will begin at 3:00 instead of noon on those days. Also, look for our weekly cookout every Friday on the patio from 4:30 to 7:30.  Still rocking fresh local ales and lots of beers in ice cold cans to wash down that East Coast Grill BBQ. Should we do music later in the summer? Bands? Dj's?.....the patio beckons., Doors open at 3 today, smoked meats from The East Coast Grill, patio, ice cold beer in cans, 12 championship size pool tables, darts, pinball, and friendly service by Curtis. Come by an set a spell., We hope everybody's having a fun and safe Pride Weekend., The Edward Rustan Memorial Ficus, Sun, patio, PBR/Gansett tallboys.  What could be better?  Grilled burgers, dogs, and sausage & peppers is what.  Starting today, every Friday this summer from 4:30-7:30 we'll be having a cookout right outside Flat Tops.  Come by, kick back, and enjoy!, Let's go Celtics!, Today's FTJ math lesson. Plate of Ribs, Ice cold Gansett, Hour of pool, under $20. Free pool every Wed. after 9. Nice., null, Hey kids we have 9 of these high back stools up for grabs (that means free). Own a piece of Flat Top's history. Perfect for home, lost, artist space. Come n git em., Who's coming in to watch Celtics/Heat tonight? And speaking of heat, ask Curtis for some Inner Beauty to go with those ribs., Good day to hunker down over a pool table with friends and a couple of pints of fresh local ale @Slumbrew, @Harpoon, This just in from table six, new simonis cloth, fresh this morning., 9 -ball tournament tonight. Curtis behind the bar. Come on in and enjoy., Flat Top's opens at 4 today. Some keywords; East Coast Grill ribs and grilled meats, fresh local ales, Ice Cold PBR Cans, Patio, Pool tables Nachos, Full bar, full pool room. Draper Labs in the house. Love our regs., The finished product. Keep the drinks and pork ribs off!, Can I park your bike Sir?, How many bike commuters can you stuff in Flat Top's?, Valet parking for the annual bike bash. It's on!, First person to tell us what's going on here gets a t-shirt, This is a pretty interesting article on BBQ. Andy Husbands is one talented guy. We feature East Coast Grill BBQ and we think it's pretty damned good too.
http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2012/05/23/their_wicked_good_barbecue/?p1=News_links, LowTech tonight., 40, Pool is free for nuthin after 9pm tonight. Let's do the math, that's an hour of pool, a plate of ribs, a PBR and a tip  for under $20 bucks, Come play tonight #LowTech, 9 Ball Tournament tonight. Pair's well with a pulled chicken sandwich and a Wachusett Pale Ale., We got Ribs, beans, pulled pork and beer. Bring mom. Curtis behind the bar and on the 1's and 2's, The East Coast Grill pulled chicken kills...not gonna last long, get in here. Did we mention we have ribs? Mmhmm, I reckon I'll have me the biguns..., Ok let's see what we got for the next few days; Some of the best Ribs and pulled meats around. Bulleit Bourbon and Rye. CBC Porter. Slumbrew Happy Sol. Tournaments on Sunday and Monday. LowTech Tuesday. And did we mention the Patio is open? Yup, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIChw-9ggyo, BBQ  today, ribs, pulled pork, beans, slaw cornbread, while it lasts. Doors open at noon., We'd like to thank everybody who came out tonight to sample our new BBQ menu. Look for our new menu starting tomorrow, featuring smoked meats and fixins from our friends at The East Coast Grill., null, Ribs, Join us tomorrow to sample our new East Coast Grill BBQ. From 5 to 7 we will be offering samples of the goodness along with $2 PBR's @PBR_Boston And don't forget LowTech at 9 tonight #LowTech, LowTech, null, Yes it is the 5th of May, if you wish to celebrate with consumption, we have beer from Mexico, and we have Tequila. Happy Cinco de Mayo! Now get in here and celebrate!, So as some of you may have heard our friends at East Coast Grill are bringing BBQ to Flat Top Johnny's. Starting next week at this time we will be offering Ribs, Pulled Pork and Chicken, Beans, Slaw and Corn Bread on our daily menu. Our famous Nachos and most of our other appetizers will still be featured as well. Yes there will be white bread and paper towels. Righteous., We like these folks., Wait's for it...., Farewell and adieu to you, Spanish Ladies,
Farewell and adieu to you, ladies of Spain....., Step to Bully Boy, Open at 4:00 today, LowTech at 9. See you then., Who's hoping for patio weather soon?, Curtis keeps it rollin on Sunday. Drop in for the tournament, or just a cold beer and a casual game. Sox/Celts on the tube., Now what could make a night out of beer and billiards better? A plate of ribs maybe? Stay tuned., Lunch special: Grilled cheese with bacon and tomato. Comfort., http://www.wickedlocal.com/cambridge/features/x1783290902/Kendall-Square-From-dustbowl-of-1970s-to-tech-hub-today#axzz1tFUWljzT, Special cocktail of the night: "The Dirty Palmer". Made with Red Stag Honey Tea, Triple Sec, and Lemonade. Garnished with a sugar rim and a twist. Come by and try one!, What they do when they aren't at Flat Top's, Hey kids. Flat Top's is looking for some part time kitchen help. Shifts include, Thursday, Friday day, Saturday night and some fill in shifts. If you know anybody looking for work, please send them our way., Let's go B's., This is what free pool looks like. Free pool, every Wednesday 9 to close. Free, Low Tech looks like this., Low Tech tonight, billiards, darts, pinball, board games musical bliss, whiskey. Anyone?, Flat Top Fashion tip #34: Wondering what to wear on the patio tonight?http://shop.hellyhansen.com/US/item/30302/?partner=6005, null, Nicely done Bill.
, Thanks again to the voters and our loyal customers and supporters., If you have some time, come in and help out some good folks., Thanks to everybody who voted for us in the Phoenix best of Boston. And a special thanks for Xtine Santackas for getting the word out., Low Tech tonight. There will be whiskey., Where is your next party going to be? Catering? We got that., Happy Easter to all our loyal customers., First person to get this tattoo gets free pool for life., PeepBack anyone?, Opening day. Let's go Sox!, null, A shot from a BBC documentary filmed here a couple years ago., Heading to Low Tech Tuesday, sans laptops., On their way to Low Tech Tuesday, Low Tech Tuesday. Pin it to fashion., null, Come play with us., Our friends up at The Lobster Shanty are opening for the season today. So if you find yourself in Salem today, drop in and see them., We got cold Gansett. We will save a couple for you., We think so too., How about a pint of CBC Seasonal? We got the Spring Training IPA. It will make you want another, trust us., Free pool tonight after 9:00PM...sorry, did we not make it clear? FREE, A little something while you get ready to go out tonight.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hH8-JSD_-Qs&feature=player_embedded#!, One more "Like" to 500. Who's got our back?, March Madness at Flatty's, and it ain't bass-a-ball. Warm weather, full patio, couple of corporate parties and our old friend Steve visiting. Nice., Thanks to all the folks who chose Flat Top's as their St Patrick's day home., Lot's of green in the house tonight., Of course the Guinness fridge would kick on St. Patrick's day. Anyone seen Murphy about? Fear not ye' revelers, we are cooling it the old fashion way. It's now an ice box just like Nana Harrington used., Today's lunch special, Cork City Tacos. Braised Corned beef and cabbage, with shredded lettuce, cheese and horseradish corse mustard on a spinach wrap. Served with cole slaw, If your avoiding the power mess in Boston, Cambridge is the right choice. Manhole explosion free since 1993., You will be happy you went., Today's lunch special. Rosemary Ham and Brie Panini. Rosemary Ham, Brie, Apricot Marmalade pressed on Tuscan Pane. Choice of chips, potato salad or cole slaw., Here we go Harvard!, We'd like to congratulate author, former Flat Top GM and all around good guy William Landay for making the NY Times Best Seller list. #9! 
http://www.nytimes.com/best-sellers-books/2012-03-18/hardcover-fiction/list.html, It's hard to tell how much of this video is true or not, or where all the responsibilities lie. But I can tell you if we didn't pay our ASCAP fees, they would sue us in a heartbeat. It really calls into question where those fees go.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCtp6vVm_Z0&feature=share, Ok my fellow FOF's we are close to another social media milestone, 480 likes. Please tell you friends and family to check us out! 500 is a nice modest number for a lil ole pool hall., Which new Gansett can should we add, the Bock, or the Cream Ale?
http://www.narragansettbeer.com/products, Ok, ok, we have Blue Moon already jeesh. Now get in here and have a pint. Glad we had this chat., It was nice seeing some of the local rock royalty here at Flat Top's after the Being Flynn screening, including Tom Johnston, and John Surette. Thank you Joyce Linehan for recommending us!, Oh you can say "dig" but Sammy means it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1ogjDRZoak&feature=player_embedded#!, Johnny's in the kitchen tonight. It's gonna be Nacho-mania!, Two open tables, by 8:00 there will be a wait. We don't make this shite up, we just rhyme., Welcome to March folks. It's not patio weather yet, but we can see it from here. Small trivial fact for you. In 1995 we introduced our first and only outdoor pool table. Wind, and rain were in, and falling leaves often affected the game more than good leaves., null, Rumor has it that DJ Jean-Paul Belmondo will be dropping in for a set tonight. 9PM, be here., The snow storm hype machine is cranking up. I can assure you we will stay open and there is plenty of beer and whiskey here., Nice to see some of the Balla All Stars here in spite of the party., Cribbage, Scrabble, Dominos, Chess, Checkers, Risk, boards and games available starting tomorrow night. Low Tech Tuesday, shut the smart phones off for a couple of hours., Coming soon to your Tuesday nights, Low Tech. Unplug., 15 minutes into our Thursday night and it's already cookin in here. Ask for our new arrival, Lionshead Deluxe Pilsner., This is some good shite, made by good people and offered at a really good store, we would love it if you supported them both., Free pool every Wednesday after 9pm. Do the math. Nothin from nothin leave's nothin..We call it the Billy Preston Special., In honor of President's day we will be accepting dead presidents starting at 4. So dust off those Jacksons and get in here., Pool is half price today, all day and every Sunday. Love the deal, be...the deal., You don't always need a partner. Sometimes playing with yourself is just fine too., We are now pulling Long Trail Pollenator, come in for a pint. We would like to see you., http://bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2012/02/15/cocktail-creationists/Tm94cXNC2T2xpBCdsolKyN/igraphic.html, Our tables are red and violets are blue, so come shoot some 8ball and some 9ball too. 

Umm, sorry about that, really and truly sorry., Ok folks when you are done digging out, don't forget Flat Top's tonight. Wow, what a storm, fortunately there are plenty of National Guard troops to guide you through the drifts., Lovers also welcome, just keep it to the back tables., Black hearts, broken hearts and just plain heartless. Flat Top's is the place to be on Valentine's day. Maybe we will have some candy or something, oh and cocktails., Artist rendering. Handprint, chalk on curtain. Shot near the Dart boards., And the winners are, Pirates of the Caribbean, and Medieval Madness. There is a free credit on each machine. We open at 4., To our loyal pinheads. Tonight will be the last night for Attack from Mars and Ironman. Tomorrow we will have two new pins, one recent and probably a classic to go with it. Enjoy!, Beer, Congrats to the Patriots on a great season. We are a little snake bitten by this NY team, but that's ok. We will be right back at it again next year. Section 218., Elvis is ready., Something for your soul saturday, We like the Who, null, We have this little Super Bowl shindig going on this Sunday. Ice cold PBR, wing and nacho bar, and a sweet half time giveaway. Y'all should come down., Imports you say? Guinness, Smithwicks, Stella, Hieneken, Magner's, Amstel, it's a virtual damn United Nations up in here., Come hang out with the locals, CBC, Wachusett, Allagash, Harpoon, Slumbrew, and Smuttynose., We have super bowl squares for entertainment purposes only., Slumbrew, ask for it., Just a heads up to our regs, we will be closing at 6PM tomorrow for a private gig. Feel free to come in for a quick one after work. (we mean cocktails Ed). We would be glad to keep the Jake Smith memorial smoking table open as long as you like, with table service!, Nice night to get out and shoot some pool and sample a couple of our locally brewed craft beer selections. Flat Top's encourages you to drink and use chalk responsibly., Flat Top's will open at 2:30 today for the AFC Championship game. Come on down and hang with Curtis. Go Pats!, The snow is winding down. Perfect night for a pint and a game of pool., RIP Ettahttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2gnPWKcDMU&feature=related, If you all are so inclinedhttp://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/noms, Vince, Round here we are big fans of the shinshttp://simplesong.theshins.com/, null, "...In a sense we've come to our nation's capital to cash a check. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all men, yes, black men as well as white men, would be guaranteed the "unalienable Rights" of "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness...."
-Martin Luther King Jr., Hey Kids, we open at 4PM today, come on by for a pint and a game of pool. There is some talk of a pinball tournament soon, put the word out to your Pinhead friends. We will post details soon as we figure them out., Our new profile photo features the lovely Ludella Hahn, shot by Evan Smith Photography., Thanks to everybody who came out for the After Work Tailgate. And one of our lucky customers is going to be shopping for long johns tomorrow. Go Pats!, Ticket for the raffle are being given out. Don't miss this., You might want to be here tonight from 5 to 8. Do you really want to miss out on the second coming?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHB0o9lCizQ, FTJ Pats Giveaway tomorrow @ 5:00.  Chance to win 2 FREE tickets to Saturday night's game just for coming in!  Winner will be announced at 7:30, see you tomorrow!, Did we mention the tickets we are giving away are in the corner of the endzone 19 rows from the field? You might want to be here Friday night., null, Mornin' Peeps, Flat Top's needs an artist to paint a new mural in the pool room. If you know, or are an artist that can paint murals, please contact us. We would love to chat!, What a great game. Time to start thinking of Saturday night, Pats/Broncos. Who's giving away tickets? We are., http://brooklynbrewery.com/brooklyn-beers/seasonal-brews/brooklyn-winter-ale
Coming in tonight? Ask for a Brooklyn Winter, it will make you all warm and fuzzy.
, Vinyl is high fidelity, Pool is low tech, null, If you're coming to shoot pool, better bring your brain., Normal business hours today. See you at 4!, The staff at Flat Top Johnny's would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our loyal regulars and customers for a successful 2011 and wish everybody happiness in 2012., Harvard Yo, We know you wondering what tonight's dress code is. Wonder no more., Just over 48 hours until the New Years festivities begin.  Live local DJs starting at 10:00.  The setlist will be:

10:00 - Eheru
11:00 - Air
12:00 - Kid Optimus
1:00 - Dradis
2:00 - Killa Trax

Booze will be flowing until 2am, music until 3am.  Hope to see you all there, happy new year!, The drinking lamp is lit. Oh and the pool tables are open too., Come celebrate All The Things. Flat Top's NYE, Flat Top's will be open at 6 today. Come by and say hi to Kir, Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas from the staff at Flat Top Johnny's., Good people with a good idea., Yum, null, We also bowled., Ok, we might have played a little pool at our Holiday party..what., Best part of having a small staff? You can stuff them all into the same elevator. Granted the MGM Grand has big elevators but still., Holiday wackiness in full effect., Big ups to our regulars and dedicated pool players. Thank you for letting us uproot you during the Holiday party season. Twas the Friday before Christmas....let the madness begin., Triple J's Big Man Ale (aka CBC Big Man) now on tap. Thanks Marcus for preserving the legacy., We are easy to find., null, Details to come. , Mr Tim is happy that we have reached 400 likes. He has decided to thrown a New Year's Eve party. Pool, champagne, good music and food...anyone? Beuller?, Drinks., We have been known to serve the occasional Pabst Blue Ribbon., Congratulations to the Harvard Men's Basketball team for cracking the top 25!, Now pouring, from our friends at High and Mighty Beer Co. Beer of the Gods, a fresh local lager, crisp with a nice finish. http://www.highandmightybeer.com/our-beer/beer-of-the-gods, Flat Top's is 3 likes short of 400. Mr Tim will put a little something in your stalking if you can convince 3 friends., He's watching...and waiting for you to book that Swanky Holiday Soirée, Thought we hit this before, so sorry if it's a repeat. Flat Top's opens at 3:00 today for post black friday tomfoolery., The turkey is history so join us for billiards and cold Pabst. Doors open at 5:00PM, The drinking lamp is lit. Nachos and beer is the perfect way to fuel tonight's cooking marathon., Flat Top Johnny's will be open on Thanksgiving night starting at 5:00. Friends don't let friends succumb to Tryptophan., Taste testing some Molly's Irish Cream. It's yummy, one problem though, it doesn't seem to stay in the glass long...., The drinking lamp is lit., Don't forget your locally owned pub/restaurant/pool hall on Small Business Saturday. You are going to need fuel for all that shopping, and beer to quench that shopper's thirst!, Another good 9Ball tournament last night. Steve took home the top prize. Sunday is our next go round, time to get that sneaky-pete out of the closet?, Congrats to Jim on winning last nights tournament. Will you be tonight's winner? Tournament starts at 7, see you here., Rotator IPA by Widmer Brewing joined the tap lineup today. Come get some., Thank you to all the veterans who have served this country, and a prayer that future veterans be kept out of harms way and serve in times of peace., Rumor has it that Slumbrew Happy Sol is going to make an appearance soon. Another locally produced beer to add to the list. Imagine the buy local nirvana you will achieve when you drink a pint at Flat Top's! In the mean time check them out at www.slumbrew.com.
, Looking for a venue to throw your New Year's Eve Extravaganza? Flat Top's is the place. You and 175 of your closest friends can come, dance play pool, and share a soda. Give us a ring.
-The Management, We like Harpoon, Sierra Nevada was one of the first Craft Beers we served. Of course we have always had several of CBC's beers on tap., 9 Ball tonight. Come down and play in the tournament, it's fun and educational., What are you drinking tonight?, We are nominated for something or other, in the Dig or whatever, so vote and stuff we guess., null, Tired of watching Bob from accounting argue with the waitress every year about wether he ordered the salmon or the chicken? Time for a change, put a bug in HR's ear. Book your Holiday party with us. You know you want to., We got your pumpkin flavor. Ask for our favorite Cambridge Brewing Company Great Pumpkin Ale, or our new favorite Harpoon UFO Pumpkin, served with a sugar and cinnamon rim. Better than Pie., Pat's Steelers on HD, CBC Pumpkin on tap., Several out of several people polled said "At a pool table with friends and a pitcher of beer" is the best place to be in a storm. The other's said "at a pool table with a cocktail"., Free pool tonight, that's right, free....after 9:00, Tuesday night is Dahhts night. The team's away so if you wanna throw good dahhts, both boards are open. There is also beer., On tonight's playlist. Should we play it as an album side, or just sprinkle the cuts through the night?, null, Old school, null, null, Flat Top's is barely legal, 18!, So tomorrow Flat Top Johnny's will be 18 years old. We would like to thank all the staff, patrons, family, friends and neighbors who have made this possible. We greatly appreciate your support through all these years., Friday night, it's on., null, Congratulations to Ed Rustan for winning last night's tournament., The Ghouls are afoot., Let's go Bruins!, The Rays are out. Will the Yanks follow suit? Come down and watch the game with Curtis. Nothing like a little anti Yank cheering to heal the wounds of Red Sox nation. Go Tigers!, 9-Ball tournament tonight. Join us., Bring on the J-E-T-S, What's that? Special Sunday lunch at FTJ's? Come by for a hot dog and a pounder for $5., Saturday, saturday, saturday, saturday night's alright....., Occupy Flat Top's. We just thought maybe well you could occupy us tonight, because, well we are a small locally owned business and that's cool right? Oh and you could have a shot. And seeing as we are already kinda occupied you might have to wait for a table. But, occupy us tomorrow too. Cheers., It was nice to see Mark Roman in the house., We like Bruins hockey. Come in from the rain. We have cocktails and air conditioning., null, Given their recent collapse, it's hard to get really excited about the Sox. Question is, is it a big enough game that Wally appears?, We saw an apparition....a spectral bar stool appeared in the night. So we bought some, come check out the new look!, null, Mars needs women, and Flat Top Johnny's needs more likes! Please recommend us to your friends, we will serve beer and sandwiches in appreciation., It's friday night. Come visit with us. We have Gin., Flat Top likes, Bruins, Patriots, All Gin, and CBC Pumpkin Ale. Flat Top dislikes, the new facebook, Red Sox collapses and men named Tristen. Flat Top would like to apologize to all men named Tristen and to assure you that no men named Tristen were harmed in the making of this status. (We actually just made the last one up for the purposes of symmetry), We could call it Thirsty Thursday, but doesn't that diminish the rest of the week?, It's Wednesday. Wednesday means free pool. Therefore all pool is free, after 9:00pm, Hello minions. The kingdom is in need of a dj. Know anybody that spins vinyl, soul, R&B and blues? It would be frickin awesome if you connected them with us for a twice monthly night we are planning., Tuesday night, good dahhts, good dahhts., null, Did you know that pool tables are half price all day on Sunday? 4:00, 6 bucks, 8:00, 6 bucks, 10:00...well you get the picture., Remember to hug your friends and family today., The Break, Perfect night for a pint on the patio. Then head inside and grab a pool table early before the waiting list starts. See you in a few., The Pumpkin has been tapped! We also have added Long Trail Harvest, on tap...from Vermont, this beer is malty, smooth and made with real maple syrup. Come, quaff, be happy., Rumor has it a fresh barrel of CBC Pumpkin Ale will be tapped this Friday night. This is an early appearance for the Great Pumpkin. Come and get some., Flat Top Johnny's will open on schedule today. Please go see Curtis and make it worth his while! He is risking life and limb to bring you cold beer., Ok so the patio is closed but I can assure you the pool tables are dry, oh and go see the bartender so you won't be., Storm preparations continue here at Flat Top Johnny's. Dark rum, check, ginger beer, check..., Flat Top Johnny's storm preparations. Beer, check. Ice, check, Beer on Ice, check. Please share this with friends, preparedness is everything., My new sounds, Another mix by Aggrotype a.k.a. Riot Now, Cold Beer, Happy birthday Ed!, We want the Cup!, When the Red Sox won the Series in Game 4, Lenny Dinardo was body surfed across the bar. We can't promise any Bruins in the current roster, but we have cold beer. Go Bruins!, The Bruins are playing some kinda important game or something tonight. You should come down and watch it with us. There is cold beer, and chips., Bruins 2 wins for the cup. Sox guaranteed a series win in NY. Being a sports fan in Boston is fun. Oh and in Cambridge too, Here we go Bruins....here we go..., Let's go B's, http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/gossip/2011/05/m-bone-montae-talbert-killed-dead-shot-cali-swag-district-dougie.html

Come by and have one for our man. R.I.P., Drinks?, http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2011/arts/placetoplaypool/, Opening day...get in here., No green beer today, but we got the good stuff. See you at what...Noon?, It's Friday, you know you want to., To the folks who came out in droves during the most recent snow storm. Thank you as always for supporting your local pool hall., Ok Cheeseheads. Flat Top Johnny's is the official Super Bowl home of the Pack. Who's in? Anastasia? Jack? We will even buy Green and Yellow Balloons., Ok, so what's a little snow between friends? Don't let it keep you away. Come in and we will embrace you in a warm Pabst Blue Ribbon hug., Doors open at 3 today. And no Jets fans behind the bar...we sent both of them to Gillete. Go Pats!, Apparently at Flat Top Johnny's, one might be inspired to do the Dougie., Big thanks to the staff of Flat Top's for getting the place open last night. Well done, Yes it is snowing. Yes we are open. We have beer., Go Pats!, Flat Top Johnny's once hosted a party at which 2 Nobel Prize winners were playing pool at the same time., Anniversary musings, or things you may not know about Flat Top's: Flat Top's is a 7 time winner of Boston Magazine's Best of Boston Award for best pool hall. T Flat Tops has also won various other best of awards. But, perhaps our finest moment was when we won Best Diner in the Cambridge Chronicle. We were also up for best haberdashery but I think we were just edged out., If you are a reg, you might want to chat with your favorite server about next week., Today is Flat Top Johnny's 17 year anniversary. Do I hear 20? 25?, So we got runner up in the best Pool/Bowling category in Boston Magazine behind a joint that has both. Imagine what we could have done with a couple of lanes!, Ok people, it's Tuesday, you are thirsty. Get in here tonight. Did I mention there are pool tables?, So the floods are over, it's time to get out and play some pool. 9-ball tournament tonight! Oh, and there are drinks., Is not flooded., In honor of the first run of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (the book) being released on this day in 1971 come in and drink a Singapore Sling... Why a singapore sling?  Cuz they're awesome..., Strap on the helmet and peddle down to Flat Top's for the Mass Commuter Challenge Bike Bash. Yeah, we know it's hot, but rumor has it Harpoon IPA is going on special...., Deadpool is this sunday. Come out and enjoy the offerings of DJ Chris Ewen and play some free pool with the cheap cover charge., Friday night, patio on the Mind. Dark and Stormy anyone?, Flat Top Johnny's will be opening at noon on Monday 4/19. RUN don't walk..it's Marathon Monday!, David Thewlis!!! Thank you thank you!!!, Flat Tops will be opening at noon on Monday 4/19. RUN don't walk..its Marathon Monday, Perennial...bitches.
http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2010/arts/placetoplaypool/, Okay... it's 60 degrees and sunny... St. Patty's Day... and we're setting up our patio for the first time all year... Why haven't you started drinking yet?, Celebrity bartending appearance by the one and only Robbie G. tonight at Flat Tops!!! Come with your livers prepared!!!, Tiki Party Tonight... if you want to get leid you know where to go..., If you are in a healthy, happy, committed relationship (and wish to stay in one) then you may not want to come into the bar tonight...., null, Celebrate Repeal Day!!! On this day our forefathers enacted the 21st amendment repealing prohibition!!! I think that deserves a drink... or 12., Our new website is finally up... check it out at www.flattopjohnnys.com .... Thanks JW Designs!!!, Gansett girls!! Buy one get one 16oz. Naragansett... what could be better?, Nothing's better than trick or treating with a good buzz on.  Come in and try Mark's Halloween specialty cocktail the Caramel Apple Martini...., HAPPY HALLOWEEN! Come Join Us for Some Good Time and Good Cocktails!, We Don't Have Brunch But We DO Have Beer. Come Watch the Game!, Happy Friday! See you at 5!, Gansett Promo tonight at 8! Don't Miss Out!, Wednesday Nights mean Free Pool after 9. Thursday means Gansett Promo..Don't miss out on either sweet deal here at Flat Top Johnny's!, half price pool Tuesdays after 9! come play, it's Thursday...You Need a Beer, Wednesday means Free Pool after 9..Beer's Cold!, Red Sox at right now... Pats at 4... No work tomorrow means no excuses.... let's go!!!, is awesome., Gansett Promo Tonight @ 9! come play!, Free Pool After 9pm Every Wednesday. Get here early to secure a table!, Every Tuesday is Half Priced Pool at FTJ's! Come play!, Would like to congratulate Ed and Sarah and hope this weekend of wedding debauchery gets way out of hand..., Spring, spring is on our minds. The patio is open...so come and have a drink., null, null)