List(https://www.facebook.com/VibrantBeautySalon/, The new venture for the team finally has an approval from the city. You will soon see Vibrant Beauty Salon not too far from the original India Samraat location.  The new address is 585 Massachusetts Avenue in Boston., Since closing the Mass Ave location in Boston India Samraat continues serving the clients from the Coolidge corner location.  Please, continue supporting India Samraat as we are planning a new venture for the team, which will be announced here soon.  Keep in touch .
Thank you, null, Press Release

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

India Samraat Receives 2014 Boston Award

Boston Award Program Honors the Achievement

BOSTON April 23, 2014 -- India Samraat has been selected for the 2014 Boston Award in the Indian Restaurant category by the Boston Award Program.

Each year, the Boston Award Program identifies companies that we believe have achieved exceptional marketing success in their local community and business category. These are local companies that enhance the positive image of small business through service to their customers and our community. These exceptional companies help make the Boston area a great place to live, work and play.

Various sources of information were gathered and analyzed to choose the winners in each category. The 2014 Boston Award Program focuses on quality, not quantity. Winners are determined based on the information gathered both internally by the Boston Award Program and data provided by third parties.

About Boston Award Program

The Boston Award Program is an annual awards program honoring the achievements and accomplishments of local businesses throughout the Boston area. Recognition is given to those companies that have shown the ability to use their best practices and implemented programs to generate competitive advantages and long-term value.

The Boston Award Program was established to recognize the best of local businesses in our community. Our organization works exclusively with local business owners, trade groups, professional associations and other business advertising and marketing groups. Our mission is to recognize the small business community's contributions to the U.S. economy.

SOURCE: Boston Award Program

CONTACT:
Boston Award Program
Email: PublicRelations@recognitionawarding.com
URL: http://www.recognitionawarding.com, Dear Patrons,
We would like to thank you for all your support throughout the past 23+ years. We are closing the Mass. Ave location as of January 31, 2014.  Our business will continue from the Brookline location, Curry House, at 1335 Beacon Street.
Our catering and delivery service will be maintained as currently provided. You can continue to use the same phone number and online services. 
Please leave your comments on India Samraat facebook page. 
Again, we thank you for your continued support., SPECIALS BOARD 
Chicken Do-Piazza (Chicken pan-roasted with onions, tomatoes, and fresh ginger);
Chana Gosht (Lamb cubes and chick peas in saute of onions and tomatoes);
Matar Kofta (Veg fritters in curry sauce with green peas and fresh cilantro), SPECIALS BOARD 9/07/2013, SPECIALS BOARD:
Bhindi Bhaji (Fresh okra stir fried with onions, tomatoes);
Chicken Bhartha (Chicken and egg plants in curry sauce);
Chana Prawn (Shrimp and chick peas with fresh cilantro), Check out the new SPECIALS, Now Available Meal Deals starting @ $10.95, Many thanks to our patrons for continuous loyalty..., SPECIALS BOARD:  Keema Dilruba (ground lamb and mushrooms);
Bhindi Masala (okra in tomato based creamy sauce);
Shahi Tandoori Mix (Chicken, Lamb, and Salmon), null, SPECIALS BOARD:  Aloo Baingan (eggplants and potatoes cooked with onions);  Ananas Murg (Chicken and pineapple in semi-sweet sauce);  Imli Gosht (Lamb in tangy tamarind and yogurt curry sauce), Specials Board:  Bhindi Bhaji (okra sauteed with onions and tomatoes); Patiala Gosht (Lamb with broccoli in lemon curry sauce); Murg Masaledar (chicken in sweet chili sauce); Tandoori Salmon (marinated in yogurt and roasted)., SPECIALS BOARD:  Tandoori Salmon (marinated in mild spice yogurt and roasted); Ambee Gosht (lamb with curried mango sauce); Murg Badami (chicken with yogurt and almond sauce), SPECIALS BOARD:  Zucchini Sabji (Zucchini sauteed with onions, tomatoes); Gajar Gosht (Lamb and carrots in curry sauce); Murg Nariyal (chicken in coconut milk sauce)., Another good deal from India Samraat........., Happy New Year, wishing all a very happy new year, Cash Deal :  Any Entree up to $12.95 value along with a bread for only $10.95, A new dish on the Specials Board: Samraat Tandoori Mix (Tandoor roasted chicken, fish, and stuffed green pepper with light spices), Many thanks to all those who voted for us to get us to top on Boston.com A-List., Current Specials: Murg Ludhiana (Chicken with edamame), Dhansak Gosht (Lamb and lentils in tangy sauce), Nariyal Jhinga (shrimp with coconut milk and raisins), come celebrate your 4th of July at India Samraat just two blocks to go see the fireworks., Flavors of India meal for 2 now available everyday with extended selection for the same price of $21.95, This could be a nice father's day treat, Current Specials:  Achari Gosht (Lamb with mixed pickles in curry sauce); Murg Masaledar (Chicken with sweet chili sauce); Saag Mushroom (Pureed spinach with sliced mushrooms)., vote for India Samraat at , give it as a gift or treat yourself with savings., Mother's day can be made special with Indian food at India Samraat.  Give her a treat................, share this coupon with your friends, The mobile portal for India Samraat is launching soon with citymint.com.  lookout for it within next few weeks., The student special at $9.95 with choices of entree and bread is a great deal for students looking to try Indian food for the first time.  Yes, it's still available, Special Platter priced at $14.95 is getting alot of attention with the chioce of combinations, make this valentine's day memorable with your meal at India Samraat.  Special offers at www.indiasamraat.com, null, New Year Special Platter $14.95  includes 2 entrees, bread, rice and appetizer, null)