List(null, Want four Red Sox Tickets??? Or Tickets to The Sound Of Music and Dinner at Jacob Wirth??? Come in Monday night at 8pm and enjoy a LIVE performance by the cast from The Sound Of Music and bid your way into those seats all proceeds benefit Broadway Cares Equity Fights Aids!, null, It seemed so far away on Monday but Friday is finally here!
Our chef has prepared a simple yet mouth-watering Specials Menu including a BBQ Brisket Sandwich and a Swordfish Kabob.
The Sound of Music is playing in the Boston Opera House so we have beers from the Von Trapp Brewery on draft as well 40 or so other beers.
The legendary Mel Stiller is on the keys tonight and tomorrow for a Piano Singalong and he might just play some of the classic songs from the Sound of Music.

There's a lot going on a Jake's this weekend so come on in and be a part of it!, The cast of The Sound of Music will be in Jacob Wirth on Monday, April 4th for a fundraising night. 
The cast will be treating us to all of the songs from the classic movie in aid of BC/EFA.
Our full bar and kitchen will be open for the event so come on in and make a night of it!, Calling all ladies: "The Realish Housewives of Boston: a parody" takes to the stage at The Shubert Theatre.
The show runs from tomorrow, March 29th to April 3rd.
So gather your girlfriends and come into Jake's before the show for a pre-show meal and drinks., Escape the weather by coming into Jake's for some Chicken Wings & Trivia! 
We have Buffalo, BBQ & Asian Sesame flavours for you to choose from and at 45 cents each, you can afford to try them all!

Morgan White Jr will be in at 5.30pm to test your knowledge on anything and everything with his unique form of Improv Trivia.

The wings must be bought with a beverage to qualify for the special price and they are not available for take-out; eat-in only., Today's fun fact about Ireland is: 

In Ireland, the Irish language is called "Gaeilge" (pronounced as 'gale-ga).
While commonly referred to as 'Gaelic' in America this is not so in Ireland; although it is an accepted pronunciation.

Come on in to Jake's and practice your Gaeilge with our 3 Irish servers!

We have Corned Beef and Cabbage on the menu as well as plenty of Irish beers!, Giving the week that's in it, we'll be bringing you some fun Irish facts.

For example, one of the most commonly used Irish words in America is "Sláinte". "Sláinte" is said before drinking and is used as an Irish version of "Cheers". However, "Sláinte" actually means "health". 
So when you are drinking with your buddies and you say "Sláinte", you're wishing them good health! 

Speaking of raising glasses, Sam Adams will be coming into Jake's on Saturday for their Pop-A-Shot promotion. The event runs from 8-10pm and is sure to be great fun! Or as the Irish would say, it will be great 'craic'!

#Irish #StPatricksDay #Beer, null, St. Patrick's Day is only days away and we are ready!

Jacob Wirth has gone Irish for the week:
1. We have 5 Irish beers on draft; including Guinness, of course.
2. Jameson & Tyrconnell Irish Whiskey
3. Baileys Irish Cream.
4. We have Corned Beef and Cabbage on as a Special all week.

We are also lucky to have 3 Irish people working in Jacob Wirth so they'll be on hand throughout the week to answer any questions that you have about Ireland!, Today's special is Hot Dogs!, Hello March & Hello Spring!

We love Springtime here at Jake's and it's easy to see why: the weather is crisp & beautiful and the days get longer.

Sure, our beloved Boston Bruins and Boston Celtics wind their seasons down to an end but there's a silver lining because the Boston Red Sox will be back at Fenway Park soon and the New England Revolution take over Foxboro.

To celebrate this time of year, we have teamed up with Narragansett Brewing Company to offer you an outstanding deal: a 32oz Personal Pitcher of Narragansett Lager for just $7!(*)That's just great value for this original craft beer.

So come on into Jake's, have a beer, watch the games on our big screens and enjoy some good food.

(*) Please drink alcohol responsibly. Over 21s only. Games are subject to availability. Price does not include tax or gratuity., We've got that Friday feeling here at Jake's and here's why: we've got Mel Stiller on the keys tonight leading the Piano Sing-A-Long and to accompany the entertainment, our Head Chef has assembled a delicious Specials Menu. 
There are plenty of options but the stand-out ones are:
As an appetizer, we have PEI Mussels that are steamed in White Wine which results in a delicious dish.
Our entrée is Baked Haddock which is stuffed with Crab Meat... So meaty and fresh, it's amazing!
The dessert tonight is a Homemade Crumb Cake that is to die for., Here at Jacob With, we have long had an issue with society regards the importance of February 29th. 
A Leap Year is an event as special as the Olympics, it is as wonderful as the FIFA World Cup, it is far less trivial than the Presidential Race, and it is the one day which women are traditionally allowed to propose to their unsuspecting partner.
But, yet, the Leap Year & February 29th in particular become lost in the noise because it's not as glamorous or as fabulous but NOT this year! 
This year, we are taking a stand against this injustice by offering anyone who was born on February 29th (with a valid ID) a free Entrée and dessert. Those of you lucky enough to have been born on such a unique day will be able to avail of your reward on February 29th only. 
This is just a small step but it is important that we fight for this special day! So stand with us and united, we can #LeapTogether!, We are delighted to welcome Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Co. into Jake's this evening. They will be treating us all to some samples of their India Pale Lager (IPL); which we have on draft.. So come on in to try the latest creation from this American brewery!, We have a special appetizer and an entrée on this evening. 
To wet your appetite, we have a Basket of Jalapeño Potato Bites for $4.
As an entrée, we have a delicious Fresh Haddock which is stuffed with Crab Meat served with Mash Potatoes and Sautéed Spinach.
So if you're heading to the Lord of the Dance at the Wang Theatre tonight, pop in for a great feed., Tomorrow is National Clam Chowder Day so we're celebrating by offering our Award Winning Clam Chowder for $1* per cup and $2* per bowl.

Mel Stiller still also be entertaining us with his Piano Sing Along! 
Happy Thursday., Today we have a brilliantly simple special: Tuna Melt with a Cup of Chicken Noodle Soup. This is a great comfort meal for just $9.95.

We also have a massive 7 beers from The Boston Beer Company on draft today. From the classic Sam Adams Boston Lager to the delightful Sam Adams Rebel Grapefruit IPA. All beers are pictured below., It's 45 cents Wing Day at Jake's. Choose between Buffalo, BBQ or Sesame Asian flavours. Must be bought with a beverage to qualify though. 

Also, we are delighted to announce that Leinenkugel Brewery is coming into Jake's on Thursday for a beer tasting evening of their IPL. So come on in to try the latest creation from this American brewery!, It's Friday and to celebrate, we have everything you need!
 
Our legendary pianist, Mel Stiller, will be on the keys from 8.30pm for another feel-good Sing Along session. 

The Head Chef has, once again, prepared a mouth-watering Specials menu for the weekend. Given it's a Friday, we can't blame him for including two alcohol-infused desserts.

As always, we have an almost ludicrous amount of beer on tap with brand new kegs of Heavy Seas Loose Cannon IPA and Lagunitas IPA just added today., The weekend starts on Thursday nights at Jake's with a Piano Sing Along with Mel Stiller.

Next Thursday, February 25th, is National Clam Chowder Day. So we are offering our award winning for $1* per cup and $2* per bowl., If you're heading to the Shubert Theatre tonight for Vocalosity then pop into us at Jacob Wirth where we have a delicious Specials menu today. Pictured below is our Salmon Salad with walnuts, tomato, Goat's Cheese, Spinach, and Sesame Asian dressing. We also have Chocolate Dipped Strawberries to keep the love flowing from the weekend., Happy President's Day to all! This is a day to acknowledge and thank our current President and all of our past leaders. Especially, George Washington for whom this day is dedicated to., To accompany our award from Opentable, we have also been awarded one of Boston's best value restaurants by Gayot.com. 
We are always honoured to receive such esteemed accolades and we look forward to earning many more.
Thank you to all of our guests for your continued support., OK, Patriots might not be in the Superbowl but that might be a good thing: hear me out. This way, we can watch the game and every time that Manning messes up we can say "Brady would have made that". Or when Greg Olsen fumbles a pass, we can say "Gronk would have caught that with one hand while fending off 3 players with the other". We get to have a few beers, eat wings and, most importantly, enjoy the game!, Tonight is the beginning of a new tradition here at Jake's as we offer tastings of various beers., We're loyal to our local breweries and we're proud of it! So we are delighted to have  6 different kegs on tap at the moment:
1. Nitro White Ale.
2. Cold Snap.
3. Rebel IPA.
4. Grumpy Monk IPA.
5. Boston Brick Red.
6. Boston Lager.

Tonight, we are going to have beer tastings where we will choose 2 beers to compare and contrast. So come on in and join us!, Now that our Superbowl hopes are dashed, the next thing to look forward to is Valentine's Day! 

It's a known fact that Jacob Wirth was a hopeless romantic so in his honor, we've got you covered for the entire weekend. We've got live Piano Sing Alongs which are guaranteed to entertain and a Pre-Fixe Menu which will be kind to your wallet/purse. 

Reserve your spot now (www.JacobWirth.com) as the Chocolate Dipped Strawberries are sure to draw a crowd!, null, Presidential candidate Rand Paul braved the elements tonight to visit us! He has good taste in restaurants., Jake's is full of entertainment this weekend. Today and tomorrow we have our famous Piano Sing Along. The wonderful Alissa Musto, pictured below, is on the keys on Saturday night. 

Sunday is Game Day! To support our boys, we have the game on the big screen, Chicken Wings for 45 cents* and Bella Czech Pils from Wachusett Brewery, on draft.

*45 cents for one wing. Eat-in only. Must be bought with a beverage to qualify. While stocks last. Offer not valid with coupons, Groupons, or any other offers or discounts., We regret to inform you all that there will be no trivia tonight. It is only temporary, however, and should be back next week!, Calling all Pats fans! We are showing the game live on the big screen today. We have our New England Clam Chowder and we also have the Massachusetts beer, Bella Czech, on draft. We are going all in for New England! #DoYourJob #BillsArmy #GoPats, Tomorrow, Thursday January 14th, is National Hot Pastrami Sandwich Day so to celebrate we are offering our Pastrami Sandwich for $5* with a select side. 

We are open until late so come on in and treat yourself to a Pastrami Sandwich. As always, we have the brilliant Mel Stiller treating us to his Piano Sing Along from 7pm. Reservation is advised at JacobWirth.com.

*Offer only valid when bought with a beverage. Select sides include Fries, Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Rings: one side per order. $5 excludes tax and gratuity. Offer not vaild with cotton, Groupon, or other discounts and offers., Today at Jake's, we have Chicken Wings for 45 cents* per wing! Choose from BBQ, Buffalo or Asian Sesame flavours.
We also have Morgan White Jr. coming in later with his unique Improv Trivia.

The big news this week, however, is that Thursday is 'National Hot Pastrami Sandwich Day'. To celebrate, we will be offering our Pastrami Sandwich for $5* with your choice of select sides. The select sides are Fries, Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Rings; one side per order.

*Price does not include tax or gratuity. Must be bought with a beverage. Offer is for dine-in only. Offer is not valid with coupons, Groupon, or any other discounts or offers., Tonight's Specials are: 
As an Appetizer, we have Crab Cakes which on a bed of mixed salad.
Our Entrées are a Chicken Pot Pie and Siracha Cod Fish Tacos; both of which are sure to warm you up!
The dessert this evening is a delectable Strawberry Cheesecake guaranteed to test your New Years Resolutions!, Boston legends must stick together so with this in mind, we are delighted to continue to serve Samuel Adams beers. We currently have 5 beers from the Boston brewery on draft including the Cold Snap which is very appropriate for the current weather., The football playoffs are upon us and Jacob Wirth is here with you every step of the way!
 
First and foremost, we have big screens all over the restaurant so that you never miss a play. We have over 30 different beers on draft to ensure that we have something for everyone. Our menu has some German classics as well as football essentials like Buffalo Wings and Soft Baked Pretzels.
 
However, if you decide to host your own party then we have you covered too with our Playoff Platters. 
 
Package 1: Feeds 10-15ppl $279.95
-50 Crispy Wings with your choice of BBQ, Sesame Asian, or Buffalo sauce
-1/2 pan of our Scratch Chili your choice of vegetarian black bean or beef baked with cheddar cheese on  top
-40 of our famous spicy fried pickles with our homemade buttermilk ranch
-25 soft baked pretzels with homemade ale honey mustard
- 25 BBQ pulled pork sliders with creamy Cole slaw

Package 2: Feeds 25-30ppl $579.95
-120 Crispy Wings with your choice of BBQ, Sesame Asian, or Buffalo sauce
-1 full pan of our Scratch Chili your choice of vegetarian black bean or beef baked with cheddar cheese on  top
-80 of our famous spicy fried pickles with our homemade buttermilk ranch
-50 soft baked pretzels with homemade ale honey mustard
- 50 BBQ pulled pork sliders with creamy Coleslaw
 
*Terms & Conditions: Not available for dine-in. Take out only. Groupons, coupons and other discount offers not applicable. We require 4 days notice for orders. Substitutions may or may not be made at an extra cost.*
 
Schedule:
Chiefs v Texans. Saturday, 9th January @ 4:35pm.
Steelers v Bengals. Saturday, 9th January @ 8.15pm.
 
Seahawks v Vikings. Sunday, 10th January @ 1:05pm.
Packers v Redskins. Sunday, 10th January @ 4:40pm., Jacob Wirth Restaurant will be closed Monday 1/4 for a private function we will reopen Tuesday 1/5 at 11:30am with 25 cent hot dogs! Happy New Year!, On Christmas Eve, we will be open at 11.30am and closing at 5pm

We are closed on Christmas Day.

All other days are the regular hours of 11.30am-Late.

Happy Holidays!, Thank you to all of our guests who gave us the best Holiday gift that we could ask for! We are delighted that you enjoyed Jake's and we look forward to sharing more good times with you in 2016! #winner #OpenTable #boston #food, Boston's very own Morgan White Junior will be in Jake's from 5.30pm this evening with his unique, improv trivia. We also have chicken wings for 45 cents all day today. Trivia and wings makes for a great Monday!, A great night was had by all yesterday! Thank you to all of our wonderful guests for singing your hearts out and putting us in the festive spirit. Of course, a big thank you goes to the man, the legend, Mr. Mel Stiller who provided the music.

Below is a snippet of the fun that was had and we are delighted to say that Mel will be orchestrating another sing-along tonight and Friday night to keep the good times rolling!, As the Once tour comes to a close, they want to make music together for one last benefit concert.
Join the cast and crew for a night of originals and covers (with their normal folk/bluegrass lilt) and help Broadway Cares/Equity Fights Aids at the same time.
While listening to Oscar winning, Irish music you can enjoy German food and beer; what a Sunday!

Where: Jacob Wirth Restaurant, Stuart Street.
When: Sunday, December 20th, 9.30pm.
Suggested Donation: $20 to benefit Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS (www.broadwaycares.org), Here at Jacob Wirth, we want to make Mondays a bit easier to cope with so that's why we have 45cent wings! Choose from BBQ, Buffalo, Asian Sesame flavours. Must be bought with a beverage and they are eat-in only., It's that time of the week again where our chef introduces our specials! 
Our appetizer is Fried Clam Strips served with Tartar Sauce. This dish is delightfully light and delicious!

Our entrées are: 
1.  Brie and Prosciutto Stuffed Chicken served with Sautéed Vegetables and Dill Spaetzle. A twist on the classic chicken dish which does not fail to disappoint!

2. Pan Seared Salmon served with Creamy Mash Potatoes and Sautéed Vegetables. A absolute must for all fish lovers! The pink salmon almost melts in the mouth.

3. Braised Pork Shank served over a medley of Vegetables and topped with Au Jus. Our Pork Shank was voted one of the top comfort foods in Boston! 

Finally, for dessert, we have an Ice Cream Sandwich consisting of Peanut Butter cookies! It's sure to caress any sweet tooth., On Mondays, we eat wings! Choose from BBQ, Asian Sesame or Buffalo flavour. 45 cents per wing and they must be bought with a beverage. Wings are eat-in only., Friday's at Jake's are our favourite nights! We have our beloved resident pianist, Mel Stiller, treating us all to his sing-alongs and we have new beers on tap as well as new food on the menu!

Tonight's specials are:
Appetizer: 
1. A delightful Spinach and Artichoke Dip with Corn Tortilla Chips. This was such s hit yesterday that we had to keep it!
2. A plate of our crispy fries smothered in Crumbled Bacon, Grilled Chicken, Melted Cheddar Cheese, Scallions, and Ranch Dressing! It's Friday, calories don't count today!

Entrées:
1. Fried strips of Clam which are lightly breaded and served with fries and coleslaw.
2. Pork Tenderloin keeps it place on the menu since it was a favourite among both staff and guests!
3. The Creamy Brie Burger also stays on the menu because it's just so darn delicious!, Tonight's specials are delicious! 

For our appetizer, we have a Spinach and Artichoke Dip served with Corn Tortilla Chip.

We have 3 special entrées on offer: 
1. A hearty beef stew.
2. A succulent pork tenderloin which has been marinated in herbs.
3. A classic creamy brie cheese burger.

Our pumpkin desserts are back due to their popularity:
1. Pumpkin Pie
2. Pumpkin Cheesecake

Also find attached, a list of our 34 beers on draft!, In the heart of the theatre district with over 30 beers on draft and a menu to suit everyone, Jacob Wirth is the perfect spot to start your night.

So whether you're heading to The Wilbur tonight to see Jim Jefferies, the Wang Theatre to see Elf: The Broadway Musical or the Shubert Theatre to see Rudolph The Red-Rosed Reindeer: The Musical, be sure to pop into Jacob Wirth for a pre-show meal and drink., null, Today's special at Jake's is a Beef and Bean Chili wrap with a cup of our Award Winning New England Chowder. Enjoy this warm meal for just $6.95!, As a thank you to our patrons we are offering a FREE basket of pretzels with the purchase of two entrees 11/27/15, 11/28/15, 11/29/15 with the mention of this post (limit on per table).  We will all our patrons, friends, and family a Happy Thanksgiving!
Stop in for sing a longs with Sing Along with Mel Stiller Friday night, Saturday night, and Sunday 3:30-6:30!, null, In honor of our courageous Veteran's, all guests with military service id eat free today. We thank you for your service., Monday wings! 45cents all day all you can eat (at Jacob Wirth only no take out no to go) with beverage purchase!, Munich Schnitzel!!! Perfect lunch!!!, Join Alice's Table at Jacob Wirth Tuesday 10/13 for a evening of Oktoberfest fun and flowers! Complimentary apps will be provided tickets may be purchased in advance at http://alicestable.com/events/oktoberfest, Thank you for a great day Cambridge Oktoberfest 5k!!!, Why celebrate Oktoberfest at an American or Irish pub when you can go to a German one! Tapping 8 fresh kegs of Oktoberfest drafts today, stop in this weekend and enjoy a liter stein!, Stop in, hoist a stein, and test your strength while enjoying Sam Adams specialty drafts and 45cent wings Monday 9/14 at 6pm!!!, Stop in tonight to try the amazing Molten Lava cake our chef just created! Yummy!, Scotch egg with Hollandaise! Yummmmmm, Classic lunch sandwich. Corned beef Reuben., Oktoberfest is coming last four hours to buy our groupon and save!!! 
https://www.groupon.com/deals/jacob-wirth-s-restaurant-1-1, One day left to purchase our groupon! Get it before it's gone!

https://www.groupon.com/deals/jacob-wirth-s-restaurant-1-1, Check us out on Groupon today! If you have been waiting to come by, enjoy a Groupon to Jacob Wirth's!  Limited Time only!

*cannot be combined with any other offers, discounts, promotions or daily specials

https://www.groupon.com/deals/jacob-wirth-s-restaurant-1-1, Attention passengers, the excitement for Oktoberfest is now approaching.., You don't have to go to Bavaria for this. You just head towards the Theatre district in Boston and find us at 37 Stuart Street, hanging out at that spot since the last 147 years., Celebrate National Chicken Wing Day with us! $1 chicken wing all day,(4 pieces minimum) #nationalchickenwingday, $7 Margaritas!!! Whaaaaaaaaaaaat #nationaltequiladay Beat the heat with margaritas at our patio or inside the beer hall while you sing along with the piano man tonight! #tgif #friday, We absolutely love blog posts about us! Please keep us informed by tagging us on facebook, instagram or twitter. Thank you Map Maiden for a great review!
http://mapmaiden.com/2015/01/06/jacob-wirths/, null, It's #nationalhotdogday !!!! And #nationalvanillaicecreamday ! We are serving $1 hot dogs all day and $1 root beer floats!, Celebrate #nationalhotdogday at Jake's this Thursday, July 23rd. Hot Dogs Served all day long for a $1 each! Dine In Only!, Thank you to our wonderful patrons, staff, and Piano Man Mel Stiller for supporting Nepal Rising.  Special thanks to our Marketing Coordinator Shuvy and Chef Mandeep for all their hard work making amazing Nepali dishes and what was a great night to remember!, Just some of the amazing prizes being raffled off tomorrow night at the fundraiser for Nepal earthquake relief! Reservations are filling up please visit www.opentable.com to reserve., Can't wait!!!, Only four days left for our fundraiser. It will be a regular dining night at Jacob Wirth with a Nepali specials menu along with regular dinner menu. All proceeds from the Nepali Specials Menu will go towards earthquake victims of Nepal. Mel Stiller (Sing Along with Mel Stiller)will be playing the piano after 8.30 pm. He will also be donating tips from that night to the victims.  Please make a reservation ahead of time!, Happy July 4th Weekend! Time for that $4 draft and $7 burger!
Check out our weekend long $7 and $4 menu! So many options! Summer cocktails, plenty of apps, sausages and more!, We will Be closed today, Thursday, July 2, 2015 for a private event. We apolgize for any inconvenience this may have caused., Our Holiday Week Hours, Get ready for tonight's epic showdown FIFA Women's World Cup
semi-final match USA vs GERMANY. What better place to watch it than a German Beer Hall with a GIANT 120 inch screen. Prost!, Goodmorning Boston! We are so proud to win Boston's Best 2015 for Boston's Best Bar in Theatre District! Thank you Improper Bostonian Magazine for the honor, Our Executive Chef Mandeep Shankar , our hardworking staff, our beloved Piano Men Mel Stiller & Patrick Durkin for "tickling the ivories" :) Thank you dearest patrons for all your love throughout the years, and congratulations to all winners!

"The end result features standouts old and new, from a bar that’s been welcoming patrons for centuries to a haberdashery that’s been open just a few months. There are booming businesses that are expanding their local empires along with tiny indies that work magic in a few hundred square feet. And there are both hidden gems and familiar favorites that may have made the cut for unexpected reasons (you knew the bivalves were top-notch at Row 34, but what about that beer program?). Each has helped make our 24th annual Boston’s Best issue the best yet—and, we hope, your field guide for urban adventuring in the year ahead. "- The Imporoper Bostonian, Welcome to Jacob Wirth, Dear friends, Our phone lines are temporarily out of order. Please email all reservation cancelation or questions to mmfitzgerald_83@yahoo.com until Monday 6/22 when things will be repaired. We truly apologize for the inconvenience., June 21st, 2015, Sunday, Father's Day. Celebrate at Dad's favorite place, Jacob Wirth's! Book ahead!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Sausage and sauerkraut balls in the making. #appetizer #jacobwirth #kitchen #germanfood @ Jacob Wirth https://t.co/PCQnNYTvjJ, Celebrate National German Chocolate Cake Day wih Jacob Wirth on thursday,  June 11 2015. $1 German Chocolate Cake served all day with beverage purchase!

Phtoto credit: www.afarmgirlsdabbles.com, July 10, 2015. Friday evening dedicated to earthquake victims in Nepal. We will be serving this… https://t.co/UZUbXkZ16N, null, Take Dad to Jacob Wirth. On Father's Day. And Whenever He Wants. #17days #fathersday #june21… https://t.co/v3M9yje70Y, It's National Leave Work Early Day! Its 3.30 pm, why are you still at your desk? Time for some cold Aventinus at Jake's..., A Light Caprese Sandwich Kinda Day With Warm German Potato Salad. We Have Over Nine Choices Of Sides… https://t.co/XwfWYK5qIk, Our 2 for $40 Deal is Back!
http://bit.ly/1HAS1vU, L to R: Weiner Schnitzel with a Fried Egg, Broiled Swordfish Steak, Jake's Special, This is actually true 😂😂#rootbeerfloats #bostonfoodies #jacobwirth #onedollar @ Jacob Wirth Restaurant https://t.co/K0yafvYftw, Colorful Lunch. Smoked Bratwurst Sandwich on a Pretzel Bun with Sweet Potato Fries and A Cold Jake's… https://t.co/iRWMgX3plV, •sauerbraten• @ Jacob Wirth Restaurant https://t.co/iuvsqtsTNU, Map from 1888, Sue Anne Bottomley drew this during her meal at Jake's and captured all the little details that we fell in love with. She is an artist whose book "colorful journey" just got published that captures all the towns of New Hampshire in form of her own drawings. More info on her website www.colorfuljourney.us, null, Grads, it's time to party! Groups Large or Small! Book your table now!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Black, Red and Yellow- Colors of the German Flag. Welcome To The Wurst Place To Eat!, Avoid the rooster sticker on the left but please look at the weather and our colorful patio!!!… https://t.co/I0xAzyM5fm, Thank you Burn Survivors of New England for this amazing honor! The true gift is being a part of the BSNE family!, null, Jake's Nibbler: samplings of grilled knockwurst and bratwurst served over sauerkraut, red cabbage and… https://t.co/KAxqg73moL, Jake's Special : beer steamed knockwurst and bratwurst over German potato salad and sauerkraut with a… https://t.co/nWvYTMmHga, This Sunday, May 9th 2015, Remind Mom Why You Are Her Favorite!
Make a reservation now!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Our team had a great time serving at the fundraiser dinner dance event for Burn Survivors Of New… https://t.co/XSwiXCRPTq, null, An earthquake of 7.8 magnitude shook the central part of Nepal on April 25th, 2015. Many villages and cities, including the capital city Kathmandu, have been hit. Over 7000 people have been reported dead, over 10,000 are injured and many people from the nearby rural villages are still unaccounted for. This toll number is expected to increase as more qualified personnel venture out to the smaller villages. 

People are forced to live on streets in dire conditions without basic necessities such as shelter, water, food, clothes, sanitation, electricity, and modes of communication. 

To make a $10.00 donation to the American Red Cross to help support relief and recovery efforts in Nepal, simply text REDCROSS to 90999. Charges will appear on your wireless bill, or be deducted from your prepaid balance. All purchases must be authorized by account holder. Must be 18 years of age or have parental permission to participate. Message and Data Rates May Apply. Text STOP to 90999 to STOP. Text HELP to 90999 for HELP. Full Terms: www.mGive.org/T., Mel Stiller doing what he does best. Unbelievable energy! Must be from his favorite beer Sam Adams Brick Red. This is our typical Friday night at Jacob Wirth. 8.30 onwards. Video credit goes to @katiekeen on Instagram., Patio is ready. #patioweather #boston #outdoorseating #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco https://t.co/miwdvaqxWq, Why just carbo load when you can schnitzel and carbo load!, Samuel Adams 26.2, Boston Brew, Available On Draft This Marathon Monday, April 20, 2015. While Supplies Last!

FREE 26.2 Glasses to Marathon Runners With Proof Of Participation, While Supplies Last! [limited availability]

BOOK YOUR TABLES NOW!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations

http://jacobwirth.fbmta.com/members/ViewMailing.aspx?MailingID=17180124384&StoreCode=001&_X=Lxetjk5XAWse0, This Marathon Monday, April 20 2015, You do the running, we'll do the beer!
Samuel Adams
26.2
Boston Brew
Available On Draft 
While Supplies Last!, We can't wait to meet and greet everyone at the GBCA Hospitality Trade Show today! All the attendees, please meet us at our table today and try some of our homemade pretzel bread pudding! See you soon!, null, Thank you weareevertrue for the post! So glad you enjoyed your time here with Morgan! #Repost… https://t.co/tViqd7G0W0, Jacob Wirth will be catering for the Annual Dinner/ Dance for Burn Survivors of New England on May 2nd, 2015. The event begins at 6 pm and tickets ($35) can be purchased at 

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/bsofne-annual-dinner-dance-fundraiser-a-night-of-music-inspiration-celebration-tickets-16291363908

Burn Survivors of New England, Bucket of Soft Baked Pretzels, April 7th 2015, Tuesday is  NATIONAL BEER DAY!
Celebrate with Jacob Wirth. Over 40 draft lines!
Also we are serving Beer Battered Mozzarella Stix for $4.70 only and same for Fried Pickles.

FUN FACT: In 1933, President Franklin Roosevelt signed the law that made drinking and selling beer legal in the United States, as long as it is less than 4% ABV. On April 7th, the law officially came into effect. Beer lovers across the country were extremely excited to buy the first beer legally after 13 years. People even lined up that day. It is absolutely a day worth celebrating. That’s why US people now have a day reserved especially for beer - National Beer Day -
on April 7th every single year. 
[Source: www.holidaysinyear.com. Image Credit: Getty Images], Thank you @szymanskiben for our mid day bar capture. #jacobwirth #bar #bostonbars #germanbeerhall… https://t.co/VwaFYTLgH5, null, #Repost @erinklema with repostapp. ・・・I may be the happiest and most well-fed person in the world… https://t.co/ogplEefeYV, Oldie. But Goldie. Our bar. Thank you @nadiaguerette for a great picture. #jacobwirth #suumcuique… https://t.co/AJ0Dr6GzRw, Welcome to Jacob Wirth. Photo Credit : danwwwww, Instagram, Friday Nights at Jake's with Mel Stiller. Take a Mate. Take a Date., Great Way To Begin The Day. We Are Featured On Thrillist Today Along With Nine Other Oldest Restaurants In Boston. We Feel Very Lucky To Be A Part Of History. 

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/oldest-restaurants-in-boston#, Good morning world! We are not sure what to celebrate today. We will start with national ravioli day… https://t.co/2XeeUXcHWA, Tomorrow is National Ravioli Day. We are celebrating it with you by serving our new item on the menu… https://t.co/YbDybesuZ7, National Ravioli Day, March 20 2015, null, That's tonight! Loosen your tie, grab a cold Sam Adams, take your watch off and shoot some hoops at Jake's tonight! Don't forget to invite your friends and coworkers to compete with! See you then, That's tonight! Loosen your tie, take off your watch, Grab a Cold Sam Adams and Shoot Hoops At Jake's tonight between 6 and 8 pm! Don't forget to bring your friends or coworkers to compete with you!, null, Let's start with a Liter Stein of Guinness #guinness #stpatricksday #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #ontap… https://t.co/oBMNst9LMc, Jaeger Schnitzel and Chad are ready! 🐶😎👍🍻🍀 #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #jaegerschnitzel… https://t.co/rEAecTuF6e, 🍀 It's St. Paddy's Day! 📅
Even 🐶 Jaeger Schnitzel 🐶 is ready to get his drinks on! 🍻
Come over… https://t.co/0D3AKfd2qm, Heading over to Jake's like a boss @djgerace 👍🍻 #youdidtherightthing #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco… https://t.co/lcJ0SSTGRt, Only in Boston says gee.maree #indeed #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #boston #historicboston @ Jacob Wirth https://t.co/EIzy25Vo4c, Great picture of Our Main Dining Room Taken By @conchan #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #germanrestaurant… https://t.co/sHP8pZz0Cn, Evenings at Jake's. Thank you coolschmool for a great shot! #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #boston @ Jacob… https://t.co/7bhRNjdWdA, We were reminded of the Knight and Day movie shoot at Jacob Wirth when we saw our picture on the… https://t.co/cyWL8C2vk6, We are working so hard on this board! We are participating in DigOutDineOut Boston. Are you… https://t.co/RLY43iMib2, null, A nice story by Max Wastler. 
 http://t.co/LBqj3p1old, http://www.basilhaydens.com/post/jacob-wirth-restaurant

Photo & Article Credit: Max Wastler, http://www.basilhaydens.com/post/jacob-wirth-restaurant

Photo & Article Credit: Max Wastler, The 11 oldest menu items in America. According to Thrillist.com

http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/the-eleven-oldest-menu-items-in-america#/, Lunch at Jake's. Buffalo Chicken Wrap with German Potato Salad and Crunchy Fresh Pickle. Yummm @… https://t.co/kNYuoxZott, We are now on twitter! Follow us on twitter! Twitter!!!

www.twitter.com/jacobwirthco, Mr. Jacob F. Wirth, also German, paid a visit to Jacob Wirth last weekend with his friends all the… https://t.co/uYzXKanE6c, AVENTINUS IS BACK ON TAP! Warning: VERY LIMITED QUANTITY.
If I were you I would go to Jacob Wirth now. 

Photo Credit: Diana G. (Yelp), Warm up at Jacob Wirth this Friday and beat the winter blues with Mel on our Piano night!… https://t.co/esy51D29c4, Warm up at Jacob Wirth this Friday and beat the winter blues with Mel on our Piano Night! Sing-a-longs, some German Chocolate Cake and Irish Cream Cocktails! What better way to end a work week!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Chowda is waiting for you for National Clam Chowda Day tomorrow. $1 Chowda Cups and $2 Chowda Bowls with a beverage purchase at Jacob Wirth. We will see you tomorrow!, Classic!, Photo Credit to @benjeran on Instagram, Photo Credit @proudnewenglander on Instagram, Though we LOVE Schnitzel more than shoveling; with the closure of the T tomorrow Jacob Wirth will also be closed.  We will re-open Monday morning at 11:30am with ALL YOU CAN EAT 45Cent wings (dine in only)., Today we wrote on Ice!, Getting ready for the big day. Who is excited for Valentine's day!!, null, null, This weekend we are celebrating love. 

We hear a lot of stories everyday from our guests about how they met their wife here for the first time, or how they celebrate their anniversaries here or how they had their high school reunions here, or how they bunked classes and ran off to Jake's for a cold beer and all other shenanigans. This place definitely has a lot of history, but most importantly it has warmth, love and memories floating within the walls.

Our guests come here to feel nostalgic, to remember their friends and revisit those memories. They walk around the hall looking at how nothing has changed over the years and carry a happy and sad look at the same time. We definitely know how you feel, so this Valentine's Day, please share your story with us! We would love to hear from you!

If you haven't made your reservations for your special someone yet, please do so now, we will be in the festive spirit all weekend long!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations

Please share your story in the comments below!

Photo Credit: @benjaminstuartlittle Instagram, Jacob Wirth is open today! Warm up with $1 cup of chilli or chowda with beverage purchase!, Due to severe weather conditions Jacob Wirth is closed for the evening. But we will reopen tomorrow at 11.30 AM!, Angry Goose: angry orchard cider, grey goose and pomegranate extract, a cocktail prepared by our amazing bartender Mez for a Sam Adams Angry Orchard Cocktail Challenge last week. Limited edition. Come get it! #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #samadams #angryorchard #greygoose, We are ready for the parade. So proud of our champions, Patriots!!, 30 minutes until the game starts!! Our 120 inch screen and speakers are ready!! Come enjoy the game, beer and wings!!! Go pats!!!, The big day is here! Super Bowl Sunday! See you all there! We hope you have made your reservations!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Sam Adams Cold Snap Promotion in a few hours! 6-8 pm! See you there!, We are ready for the Hawaiian night at Jacob Wirth tonight! Sam Adams Cold Snap Sampling between 6 pm and 8 pm, tonight, January 30th 2015. Wear your best Hawaiian outfit. Winner gets prizes from Sam Adams! See you there!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, null, We will not be holding piano sing a longs this Friday and Saturday, January 30th and January 31st 2015. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause., Due to the heavy storm we remain closed today. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. We hope everyone is safe and warm in this weather!, We are deeply saddened by the news of Dr. Michael Davidson's passing. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family. We greatly appreciated knowing him and hearing him perform. Jacob Wirth mourns the loss of a musician and a doctor we love.. #DrMichaelDavidson, "It is, moreover, a stable spot in a changing world, for the customer who returns after an absence, be it five or fifty years, would at once recognize both the food and surroundings.", Tonight between 6 pm and 8 pm, Blue Point BrewerySampling Event at Jacob Wirth. Reservations strongly recommended!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Super Bowl Food. 10 days till Super Bowl Sunday! Who else is psyched! #beefnachos  Reservations at

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, null, null, null, A lot of reservations have been popping up on our screen for February 1st, 2015, Superbowl Day. Do not wait till the last minute! Book your table now!

120 inch screen at our beer hall with speakers on! 
Plus five 50 inch TVs around the hall.
Over 40 amazing beers on tap. 
Special SuperBowl Menu on top of regular menu. 

Need we say more? See you then!

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, null, "Simple mahogany tables, without cloths; sawdust on the floor; a few large Steins and bottles for decoration; and that was all, in 1878 or 1963. In 1890 the ground floor of the adjoining house was added to double the size of the restaurant."- A Seidel for Jake Wirth. #jacobwirth #jakewirth #jacobwirthco #historicalplace #seidel #boston, How do you resist a Barbecue Burger? 
... you don't. Let's go to Jake's tonight!

Smokey Mountain Burger: 
Angus Burger Patty grilled to your liking, topped with cheddar cheese, bacon, beer battered onion rings and BBQ sauce. Served with your choice of side., Who likes a fried egg on their Wiener Schnitzel? #yumm #mondaypost #jacobwirth #wienerschnitzel #historicalplace #1868 #friedegg #bostonfood #spaetzle #germanfood, Great picture taken by Beer Can Museum and Hall of Fame, The kitchen may have changed, but the recipe and taste hasn't! #jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #historicalplace #boston #1868, Three Course Dinner for Two for $40, Haulers of Beer Outside The Restaurant in the 1890s, Nice, tender piece of Swordfish Steak on a bed of fluffy mashed potatoes and asparagus grilled to perfection! The chipotle compound butter topping has a little kick that makes all the difference!, null, null, We started our New Year with our team players at Nashoba Valley Tubing Park on New Year's Day. What a great start for 2015! Happy New Year from Jacob Wirth Team!, Tired of shopping? We are serving BEER & FOOD for EXHAUSTED SHOPPERS till 7 PM tonight! See you soon!, New Year's Eve, Oompah Band's Last Performance, Mel's Special NYE Performance, Don's Accordion Performance, NYE Prix Fixe Menu and much more! All For this Holiday Season!


http://jacobwirth.fbmta.com/members/ViewMailing.aspx?MailingID=17180068356&StoreCode=001&_X=9YczLJA_AWEd0, Last night's Christmas special performance by Mel. We have one more coming up tomorrow after 8 pm with Patrick. Only few seats left!

"Oh what fun it is to sing with Patrick and drink beer"

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, Beer flights kinda night...
L to R: 
Winter Favorite: Henniker Porter, 
Boston's favorite: Harpoon IPA, 
Our Best Seller: Paulaner Hefeweizen & 
A New Arrival: Downeast Cranberry Cider
Such yummy selections! Pair it with soft pretzels that tastes good with every beer in the house! 
#jacobwirth #jacobwirthco #beerflights #6oz

www.instagram.com/jacobwirthco, Head over to our Eclub today. Join our mailing list and discover all the goodies we are sending your way! For your birthdays, anniversaries and much more! Join the club to see what you get as a welcome gift. Welcome to the club! 

Click here to join:
https://www.facebook.com/jacob.wirth/app_329770517090218, Tired of hearing Christmas songs everywhere? It's not over until you sing it yourself with your friends, family & Patrick Durkin at Jacobwirth! December 16th Sing-a-long with Mel is SOLD OUT! But we still have room for December 18th Christmas Sing A-long with Patrick! That's this Thursday! Forget the list and holiday stress for one night and come sing with  us!

Make reservations now, seats are going very quickly!
December 18th, 2014 Thursday, 8 pm-close

www.jacobwirth.com/reservations, null)