List(What a way to bring in the spring..  We call it Crawfish time, outdoor cook outs, friends, family and food can never be a bad thing., Thinking about having lunch are dinner for a small staff Madear's offer half trays.  Mixed Greens with Grape Tomatoes and a Creole Dressing, Boneless Southern Fried Chicken, we didn't forget our Vegan friends either Vegan Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya., Check out our site, with our updated catering page and cleaning services.  #madearstouch @MadearsTouch www.madearsboston.com, null, http://shoutout.wix.com/so/6LAZAk1t#/main, We would like to say Happy Birthday to Tomar, and thank you to the Wenderow Family for allowing us to be a part of your special occasion.  Your kind words will never be forgotten glad you had the best Bar Mitzvah ever., Fun finds, For those who have already bought Groupons for Madear's Cucina, they will still be honored.  The groupon campaign has ended.  Check out our menu at www.madearsboston.com to make your selection, Hope everyone Holidays were great and welcome to the New Year.

We are back to the business of feeding, cleaning, and making life a little easier.  

Stay tuned for our upcoming cooking  classes this month sign up for the email through www.madearsboston.com, Happy New Year from our family to yours.  Can't wait to see your family in 2016.  Thank you all for such a wonderful 2015 and welcoming Us into your homes, businesses, and lives., Happy Holidays, Merry Christmas and Season Greetings from Madear's.  We wish everyone the best. we will look forward to seeing you all in the New Year., Tonight's cooking class was so much fun, thank you ladies for being so amazing., The Chef will be testing some old skills at Waban Kitchen tonight so if your looking for Robb and your in the area check out where it all started... Waban Kitchen I'll be either on the Bar, On the floor or just giving Chef Jeff a hard time come say hello., Madear's will be closed tonight to prepare for an event at The Windsor Club ., It's a pretty slow night and the holidays, Madear's will be closed till Monday.  

Happy Thanksgiving, This week at Madear's, we will be offering take out services for pick up Monday and Tuesday.  Thursday we will be closed to share thanks with family and friends.  We will post pone the beginning of Saturday brunch till December 19th due to previous scheduled events at the Windsor The Windsor Club ., Ok so the first cooking class is sold out, there is still time to do another class so if you didn't get the chance to sign up for this class.  Drop a note, send an email, use the comments and I'll set up another R-N-R cooking class., null, Who's ready for Take-Out?  The Windsor Club Madear's we start offering meals for take out, send a text on the way home, ready when you get there.  Go online while in the office, have dinner ready for the family that night., null, null, Due to a family emergency Madear's will not start the take out services till next week.

We apologize for any inconvenience, http://shoutout.wix.com/so/aL23nHyP, Check out the new take out menu by Madear's Cucina  at The Windsor Club, null, null, In a few hours it's feeding time for the Bears and Madears will be happy to feed the Bears, again good luck to all the contestants.  Come check them out Mr. Boston Bears Competition tonight at the Alley, 9pm, null, As the weather cools, Gumbo begins to brew. Coming soon at the Windsor Club., Fall is here, Madear's will be open at The Windsor Club for dinner services, at this time still no reservations but will accept RSVP's .  

Look out on Facebook and our weekly emails for the Menu and Schedule updates., Madear's will be opening today at the The Windsor Club, we are helping the Mother In Law Move so will be opening a little later but no later than 3pm see you soon happy swimmers.

Don't forget to sign up online for email alerts, schedule and Menu updates.

http://www.madearsboston.com/#!menu-1/chwk, Happy Thursday today Madear's will be opening shortly after 3pm at The Windsor Club, we are wrapping up some of the renovations for the Kitchen so the menu will be limited but fun, all dogs and burgers and sandwiches will be available as well as snacks.  Entree tonight will be Grilled Chicken with a Cajun Cream Sauce.

Don't get to sign up for email updates as Madear's will be open year round at the Windsor club offering various events for members.  Madearsboston.com

Sunday Sept. 6th Madears will open at 3pm at the Windsor Club and on Sept. 7th we will open at 11:30am.  Labor Day weekend., Entree Special at The Windsor Club Creole Ramen, Madear's will proudly be sponsoring the upcoming TEDx JamaicaPlain, we are so happy to be a part of this great event., Fried Chicken, Fried Catfish, Jambalaya Plates, #groupon #madearscuina @madearscuina, The Windsor Club Madear's is open for lunch today, the pizza and pool party has been cancelled due to rain, but we'll be open till it gets to the heavy parts of rain., It's Burger time at the The Windsor Club ..., http://shoutout.wix.com/so/1Kz11a7_, Who's ready for Hot Dogs, Hamburgers and Fries? the The Windsor Club. lunch will be the summer favorites starting at noon., Want to know the latest menu or schedule with Madear's @ The Windsor Club ? Sign up for daily updates through Madearsboston.com.  Enter just your email at the top of the At the Windsor club link., It's Friday the pool open, the birds are singing and Madear's at the Windsor Club is open and cooking..., Madear's at The Windsor Club, will be starting lunch around 1pm, Entrée Blacked Tilapia, New Sandwich "Fried Egg and Cheese"... Don't forget to add fries., Tuesday Madear's will not be open at the Windsor club due to a previous planned catering event, will reopen on Wednesday for Late lunch 2pm and dinner service., Parle vous français ? Oui , gotta love french fries #thewindsorclub #waban, I love Blackened Tilapia how about you?, We have missed us some Windsor Club, only in for lunch today but let's make it a full lunch experience lunch special Blackened Tilapia with a Mixed Green Salad., We apologize for the inconvenience but Madear's will be closed today, due to the storm yesterday nothing crazy but just have to help with some clean up around our home office.  Everyone be safe .

We will reopen tomorrow at 11:30am for lunch there is a BBQ that night so no dinner service.

Tomorrow lunch offering will include fish and chips so be ready for a great lunch service.

Thank You, Madear's will Not be open for dinner tonight at the Windsor Club due to hail and thunderstorms, Tuesday for y'all and Monday for us, tonight we won't be serving Mac and Cheese but we do have 3 dinner Options. Blackened Tilapia, Lasagna, or Crawfish Étouffée..   windsor club till 7:30

Today's Menu
salads: Mixed a Greens or Soba Noodle
Sandwiches:  Tuna Melt, Grilled Chicken, PB & J
Hot dogs and Cheese Dogs
Chips
V8 Splash, Wow windsor club and Louisiana cooking.. Tonight come check out the Crawfish Étouffée and Baked LAsanga take some home dinner is already waiting for you., Happy Thursday,  Thank You Windsor Club Members and Guest for such a warm welcome we've been going strong a few weeks now and loving it.  

The Southern Red Beans and Rice was a great hit and will for sure be part of our regular menu.  

As I'm out right now restocking for a busy weekend here is a heads up so plan ahead as plates are limited on our dinner specials.  

Friday and Saturday in addition to our Lunch Sandwiches and Salads, Dinner plates will be Crawfish étouffée and Baked lasagna, It's dinner time at The Windsor Club is brought to you by the Letter. M for Madear's..

Southern Red Beans(smoked turkey necks ) with Brown Rice, Cajun Cornbread and Mixed Greens., In addition to our lunch sandwiches our plate for tonight will be Southern Red Beans and Rice., Madear's at The Windsor Club will be closing tonight at 5pm for a previous catering event., It's a Chicken Night., Pan Roasted Chicken this weeks dinner special get em while they last..., Check out this weeks menu for the Windsor Club.... Yummy... Ice Tea Special.. Bring your own cup $2..., It's hot out... Cool times at The Windsor Club.#cookiesncream #mixgreensaladwithgrilledchicken, When you by the pool and the kids are hungry and you need a meal... Oh wait Madear's is on it already.  #ribplate #sobasaladwithgrilledchicken, Rib plate with Grilled Chicken Salad., We are doing lunch at the club and still have ribs..

#tunamelt #southernchickensalad
#putitongreens, Doing some prep work for tomorrow. Check out our great menu boards did by Amanda ..., Tomorrow will be the first day Madear's will have a new menu for the Members of the Windsor Club.  Don't worry not a member delivery of the menu will be coming soon., http://shoutout.wix.com/so/2KvkiqBj, No beach today but me and this lady decided to menu plan for next week... Madear's at The Windsor Club., http://www.louisianaseafood.com/whats-in-season

It's what's for dinner., Congrats America #lovewins, Want your dinner fully cooked and delivered?  Check out Madear's at home, we cook your dinner so you don't have to just heat and eat.

http://www.madearsboston.com/#!madears--home/cftv, Madear's stands proudly with our friends and family of the LGBT community., Look for Madear's Cucina at The Windsor Club coming this summer... Not a member don't worry we deliver check out www.madearsboston.com Keep up with our facebook like us at Madear's Cucina., Happy Memorial Day and Thank to all the soldiers that died so that we may have these great freedoms we have., When you love what you do its never work., Madear's @ The Windsor Club in Waban,MA this summer.  Not a member not a problem we will be offering delivery in the area. For menu updates @madearscucina #madearscucina on Facebook and Twitter and our website madearsboston.com, This past year has been a very great journey and we are glad to have shared it with all of you but as every baby does Madear's is growing again.

Can't wait to see what Newton has for Madear's., I love what I do.  Anyone hungry? Had a great time cooking for the Flemming Family for their sons first communion great job JJ., null, Of Course the Red Beans and these are Vegetarian., Check out Madear's for your next office dinner or lunch with www.cater2.me, You knew it was coming Southern Fried Boneless Chicken!!! Come sit on down Madear is going to feed you., Happy Good Friday, with Happy Baked Mac & Cheese., Oh we didn't forget you also need Corn Bread and yes there is more..., Can't have Red Beans without Rice., Madear's in the morning!!! Garden Salad check, Corn Bread in the bowl, Would you like your office to bring Madear's in for lunch or dinner?  Check out our menu and many others at cater2.me, New things with Madear's .. We've been working hard with the new Office Space, Very motivated with great menu options coming up for Vegetarians, If you want Madear's to be part of your office lunch or dinners there are several ways to get just the way you want... Cater2.Me is a great company that does all the leg work for you.  EZcater.com give you planned options and Always direct orders are still accepted.  

Madear's is proud to offer personal chef services to bring Southern Food to your home table.  

sneak peek coming soon for a new easy to use website for Madearsboston.com, Would you like to see Madear's Cucina as a Take Out Restaurant that  provide local delivery?, Just a quick update, our groupon sales campaign will be down for a short time as I update the information.  I will keep everyone informed to look for more groupon deals for Madear's Cucina., New things to look out for with Madear's Cucina. New address... After having moved I've decided that It's best to run office operations from my home as it's easier to get a lot of the correspondence done that way, Also a New office contact number, Instagram will be a new social app that Madears will be making use of, and yes a new and easier website to remember.  Madearscucina.com will still be up but everything will be directed to Madearsboston.com.  I will still pushing our Personal Chef and Catering Services so "Madear's" will be a household name that says "Southern comfort from the inside out", This has been a very good year for us at Madear's Cucina business wise and family wise.  We can't wait to see 2015.  This year will start with us having a new Business Office as of January 1st, though our cooking space will remain the same our relationship with Stockpot Malden has grown and will continue to grow through out the year.  Look for more to come really soon truck included .. And feel free to continue to help on gofundme.com/madearscucina ... Happy New Year Everyone stay safe and stay warm., Hello, it's been a little bit but it's all been productive.  This I have to say has been a Journey and I'm want to take this time to Thank Everyone that has been along on the ride with me.  Not just because of the Holidays but because I know that without my supporters, friends and family I couldn't be here without.  If you still reading this can be long so go to twitter for the short version @madearscucina.  I Set out with a goal to bring the food that my grandmothers and Caleb's Sicilian's family instilled in him to New England in a wonderful infusion.  I step down from my position as the Beverage Manager of Waban Kitchen in August but stayed on through on call service because I had a great Chef Owner Jeffery Fournier which I will do what ever I can for.  I pushed to help raise funds for what would be Boston's first southern/sicilian food truck through kickstarter (which didn't reach our goal) and then through gofundme which is still going so feel free to help out.  I started working on my business plan over a year ago and still pushing forward.  Though the food truck is still looking like a later push ( on the road in New Food Truck Season(Spring)).  I've been able to provide Private chef services as well as Catered services through personal contacts, ezcater.com (which you can order online anytime from ), Groupon, and Now coming soon Cater2.me for Corporate lunches and dinners.  I continue to strive for the best and I want everyone to know that Caleb and I are very proud and happy to be a part of this community and will continue to push to see that we feed our community with comfort food and a smile., It's cold and wet outside, yup I know what goes with this weather ________. Hint .. Another reason to love Madear's. 
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gumbo, Thank You
Www.gofundme.com/madearscucina, A personal chef for the holidays makes a great gift for any home. Let Madear's take care of dinner. 

http://touch.groupon.com/deals/madear-s-cucina-inc?elq=37e1eaec174f40df8a914820271805c3&elqCampaignId, Office party, lunch, dinner?

https://www.ezcater.com/catering/madears-cucina-boston?fcv=1, https://www.ezcater.com/catering/madears-cucina-boston?fcv=1. #shopsmall #jamaicaplain @madearscucina, https://www.ezcater.com/catering/madears-cucina-boston?fcv=1, Looking for a high protein entree that taste great? Southern White Beans and Rice.  Personal Chef Services that work with your diet and southern flavors., Looking for real southern home cooked food but don't want to cook it? Just have it delivered.. https://www.ezcater.com/catering/madears-cucina-boston?fcv=1 .... Don't see what you want on the standard menu?  Have our personal chef come in and cook for your family at your home., Happy Veterans Day, We personally thankful for those who have, who will and who are serving for a country that I love., Everyone eats.. My Po-Boy for lunch Chicken Parm, with fresh oregano, shredded provolone and mozzarella , southern friend chicken tender strips, house made tomato sauce all on a fresh baked french baguette., Banana baked chicken, just something to do on a Wednesday at home., Up to 56 Percent Off Southern Food from Madear's Cucina
http://touch.groupon.com/deals/madear-s-cucina-inc?elq=37e1eaec174f40df8a914820271805c3&elqCampaignId=, About
Madear’s Cucina Inc. was established in the early part of 2014.  A blend of Louisiana and Sicilian comfort cuisine.  A family owned and operated business.

Madear's Cucina Inc. catering and planning services are available for all business and private/social events and functions including wedding events, corporate events, business luncheon and dinner meetings, open houses, theme parties, private parties, barbecues and more. Personal chef services that bring southern home cooking to you with your dietary needs in mind. The mission of Madear’s Cucina is to offer fresh home cooked meals showcasing the flavor of Louisiana and Sicilian cooking. 

More about our family.

Madear's Cucina Inc. is owned by Robb and Caleb Curry. I am a native of Baton Rouge, LA. My husband Caleb was born in Vermont, lived most his time between there and the North End of Boston, MA. We have worked in the service industry for a combination of over 40 years and know that providing guest with great food, a warm southern smile and super value is the way to success. We both have worked for private and corporate restaurants all the way from food runners to managers.  I’ve learned how to cook from my Mom, Uncle, and both maternal and paternal Grandmothers. I’ve worked in the restaurant industry – front and back of the house – for over 20 years, with much of this time spent in management.  Madear's  Cucina Inc. informally called Madear’s named after my paternal grandmother. Madear’s is the work and partnering of my family and my husbands family background of food. I was the child that never left his grandmothers side and with that I learned why and how she cooked.

Mission/Goals 
We plan on deploying a food truck in expansion of our catering services D/B/A Madear's Po-Boys and Chicken in the Greater Boston Metro area. This will be the first and only food truck that has the offerings of Louisiana Style Po-Boys.  The plan is to utilize a staff of 3 – 4, dependent upon the needs of the business. The food truck will be accessible to the public at scheduled public sites in the city and surrounding communities. The food truck will also be a part of festivals and other events where food is served and food trucks are invited to participate. With the success of the food truck, a stand-alone take-out eatery is a possibility. The goal would be the visibility of each entity complementing the other.
", https://www.ezcater.com/catering/madears-cucina-boston?fcv=1, Check us out...https://www.ezcater.com/catering/madears-cucina-boston?fcv=1, https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=4624295823428&id=1773744516, Now is a great time to plan for next weeks dinner.  As a gift or for yourself a southern dinner is always a filling treat.  Book Madear's to bring southern meals to your table.

Madearscucina.com , Want a home cooked southern meal? 

Have Madear's do it for you.  It's ok we also cover the dishes as well.

Offering at home services beginning in October book Madear's Cucina to be your personal southern cook.

Covering (CT,MA, and NH)
Check out our menu online.

Preview the taste of the food truck in your home., I want to say thank you for all the support of friends and family on gofundme.com/madearscucina .  We are still raising funds and everyone still have time to help, through your help I've been able to grow Madear's Po-boys and Chicken on the catering side and soon will be helping with a first national coming out day which being gay owned and operated I'm very proud to do.  More details to come on the event and Madear's will continue to work on catering events and you will see us on a street near you very soon., Gofundme.com/madearscucina, And in today's news, Madear's Cucina is still working towards financial goals, please view, share, and donate. Gofundme.com/madearscucina , Check out some of the fun rewards we offer through gofundme.com/madearscucina ... Not only do you help make Madear's a reality you get rewarded for it., I want to personally thank several people for their financial donations to help Madear's Cucina, Norman Lange, Leone Cole & Sue, Sue Hardy, Jonathan Frieze, Ian Hoffman, Fernanda Tapia White and Jakob White, Jack Cashman, Matthew Sandock, Sean Keogh, Candace Ruta, Rich Parritz, Mimi Kaye Corson, Ross Chernin, Brian Goldrick, Arcangel M. Perez, Rosanne Natale Iacono and Mike Iacono, Joel Pentlarge, Dwayne Hicks, Walter Stone, Israel Diaz, Katie Gilroy, Shawn McGuffey ,Mark D'Alessandro, K'Mesha Anderson.  Most of these great supporters started with me from concept to kickstarter and continue to help and support me on gofundme.com/madearscucina ,  I don't want to forgot the many people who support me through prayer and love and by just sharing the links and the post and the very idea of Madear's Cucina and for all of that I am thankful.  I continue to push towards my goals and step by step I'm getting closer. , No it's not fall yet, but sometimes good food just can't wait, Madear's Cucina will be on the streets year round and catering events year round also... So here is a Seafood Gumbo that will keep the belly full and warm. The fried chicken is just a bonus., To make our link easier to find.

Www.gofundme.com/madearscucina .  Let the world know you helped back Madear's Cucina., Just a reminder it's not too late to help Madear's Cucina reach it's gofundme goal. http://Www.gofundme.com/b60syw , it only takes a few min.  No amount is refused., It's Friday a fun day, Madear would always have us play out said as she got the house put back together from our morning shambles only to come back in for a quick lunch break on Fridays we would go out thrift shopping.

Today well it's not shopping but take the time to check out our site and the new catering page and let us know what you think.  

Thanks for the support on gofundme, if you have not already please stop by and make a quick donation.  

http://www.gofundme.com/b60syw, Look out of Madear's Cucina catering menu coming soon... still raising money to help with the dream.  http://www.gofundme.com/b60syw, Thank you for your support on kickstarter again, as I said at the party everyone counts. As an update I did not reach my goal on kickstarter so I don't get any of the donations and no one was charged.  My efforts to begin my food truck business still grow I've set up gofundme.com to make that possible and I'm asking all my backers to please move there support there and I can get those funds no matter what and please continue to share the word about Madear's and the gofundme .  We will be featured in an upcoming release of the Jamaica Plain Gazzette and I'm also updating the website to let people know I can start doing catering services as well to push our branding.  laissez le bon temps rouler!
http://Www.gofundme.com/b60syw, Again thank you to everyone who was able to join us for Madear's Cucina tasting last night.  I am still pushing closer to the deadline for the kickstarter at 5 days. After last nights donation I can reach my goal if 153 people donate $250.  Bigger donations are welcomed also as well as smaller I know this can be done please help, donate, and Share., 11 days to go, have you had a chance to be a backer to Madear's Cucina Kickstarter?  Madear's Cucina kickstarter http://kck.st/1xSofkI.
, Happy Sunday... If you haven't made your donation in support of Madear's Cucina you still have time... 

If you want to make a Direct Donation, please inbox me I'll be hosting a Sampling Party on July 6th to help raise donations.  Make a donation and sample the food of Madear's Cucina 

Wanted to let everyone know that the amounts on the kickstarter are suggested, you can give what ever you like or are able to $1-$10k
As of now we are still looking for backers.  The Kickstarter campaign goes until July 13th.  We are trying to reach a minimum of $40,000. through the Kickstarter project which allows backers to help by making donations and receiving rewards through the food truck. Madear's Cucina kickstarter http://kck.st/1xSofkI., Wanted to let everyone know that the amounts on the kickstarter are suggested, you can give what ever you like or are able to $1-$10k
As of now we are still looking for backers.  The Kickstarter campaign goes until July 13th.  We are trying to reach a minimum of $40,000. through the Kickstarter project which allows backers to help by making donations and receiving rewards through the food truck. Madear's Cucina kickstarter http://kck.st/1xSofkI., 18 Days to go on Madear's Cucina Kickstarter @madearscucina on twitter 
Continue to share the word and don't feel like you have to give large or nothing every $1 Count...
Madear's Cucina kickstarter http://kck.st/1xSofkI., null, So far the Kickstarter has been going well, and we are very excited to join the food truck family of boston, but its not over we still have a lot to do and raise.  Thank you in advance, I know we all can do this please continue to share the word about Madear's Cucina and the kickstarter project we still need everyone to join us with donating to the kickstarter and telling others.

Madear's Cucina kickstarter http://kck.st/1xSofkI. 

Www.madearscucina.com Thank You

Robb Curry/Owner
Madear's Cucina Inc.
Southern comfort from the inside out.
Phone (617) 834-5119
Facebook/Twitter @ madearscucina 
Mobile Food Truck
We serve Louisiana and Sicilian food., we are proud to be part of the Stock Pot Malden family., @madearscucina: Happy Pride Day (now officially month).  Always be proud of your own truth.  https://t.co/3RYR0YNJX0 #gaypride #bostonpride, Help me set a New Record for Food Truck Crowd funding., Two in one updates.  Madear's Cucina has offically launched its Kickstarter Program so please tell and share with everyone.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/450952975/madears-cucina  and We can be found at your neighborhood friendly webspace www.madearscucina.com , Want to see what Madear's Cucina is up to check out our Webpage.  www.madearscucina.com, Madear's Cucina will be doing a Kickstarter Project soon... please stay tuned for the launch., Just a little knowledge of fried foods., Our temporary link... more coming soon.  feel free to say what you would like to see on our upcoming site.

https://sites.google.com/a/madearscucina.com/madearscucina/home, Happy Memorial Day, Thank you to all Veterans and the families of those Vets., Yummy, null, Happy Sunday, hope everyone is enjoying this Memorial Day weekend.  It's a great time for a crawfish boil., Such a beautiful day out, sending thanks to all those walking for Breast Cancer awareness today. #pinkstrong, Thank You everyone for all the likes and support.  Please continue to spread the word, the facebook page and twitter.  New Website to come soon., null, We are getting closer to bringing Louisiana and Sicilian food to the streets of Boston please share and help make this dream come true., Happy Mother's Day to all, we love and appreciate all you do.

Thank you, Article of Corporation now filed with the State of Massachusetts.  Once approved it will be Madear's Cucina Inc., Madear's Cucina will be also available on twitter soon..., We just did an info session with the city.  On ward and forward.  Thank you in advance for taking this journey with me. Please share this page with as many as you can., Louisiana is one of the few states where the food is truest to the meaning of American Cuisine, it's the melting of wonderful flavors that grew from the need of survival. 

What's your Louisiana touch?, What are you having for lunch today?, Fried Chicken, Mustard Greens, Baked Catfish, Fried Catfish sample of things to come., The design of Madear's Cucina food truck will be pictures of different Madear's and mother figures from all over, Please share yours with us and it may be used in one of the pictures selected for the truck.

Happy Easter Everyone., This is my Madear... feel free to post your Madear, you may  even see it on the New Food Truck..., No matter how you say it...

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=madear
, This is just the beginning of the many things you can do, with crawfish., Blue seems to be a running color between Sicily and Louisiana., Where would you like to see Madear's Cucina Food Truck?  Who want a taste of Louisiana & Sicily?, Has anyone had a really great plate of greens, like so good u couldn't use a fork to eat 'em you had to use the cornbread to eat them.. I have and I know how to cook them..., null, It's coming to a corner near you... stay close for details and watch Madear's Cucina become your favorite food truck.)