List(Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Delicious!!!
Come on in for some wonderful homemade Sangria!!!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Reminding all our FB followers that we are extending our Dine Out Boston menu until tomorrow, so make your reservations today!!
Looking forward to seeing you here....OLE!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Come and join us tonight as we still honor Dine Out Boston on Saturday!!!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Buenas Tardes!
Reserve your table and take advantage of Dine Out Boston....make your reservations now, we are preparing our delicious Sangria for the event and you can't miss it!
See you soon,
OLE!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, We are now open for lunch on Saturdays!?
Come and enjoy our delicious Tapas and wonderful Sangria!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Remember we are now open on Saturday afternoon's at 11:30 AM....come join us on this beautiful sunny day! SANGRIA!?, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, YES, we are open today....come visit us and enjoy some delicious sangria!, Happy Valentines Day!!!
Coma and enjoy our wonderful food and great staff.....BESOS!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Sunday, February 14.......yes, we are opened!  Stop by between 4-9pm to have some tapas with your sweetie...reservations are still available, KIKA will be opened on Sunday, February 14 from 4-9pm for Valentines Day. Reservations are still available!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Skating in Kendall Square?? Stop by for some hot tapas and sangria, guaranteed to warm you up! We serve lunch from 1130am on!, YUMMY, YUMMY, YUMMY!
Our Prix Fixed Dinner Menu., Make your reservation now!!!, Come out and enjoy the snow....we are open and waiting to serve you some delicious SANGRIA!!!, Come and enjoy the very last few bottles of Pretty Things Meadowlark IPA's!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Skating in Kendall Square?? Stop by for some hot tapas and sangria, guaranteed to warm you up! We serve lunch from 1130am on!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, KIKA will be closed today for a Private Party. See you tomorrow., Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Skating in Kendall Square?? Stop by for some hot tapas and sangria, guaranteed to warm you up! We serve lunch from 1130am on!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Skating in Kendall Square?? Stop by for some hot tapas and sangria, guaranteed to warm you up! We serve lunch from 1130am on!, GOOD MORNING!!
Just a friendly reminder that we are now serving lunch on Saturdays, so come join us on this rainy afternoon!!!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Skating in Kendall Square?? Stop by for some hot tapas and sangria, guaranteed to warm you up! We serve lunch from 1130am on!, Hola...
Just a friendly reminder that we are now open for lunch on Saturdays at 11:30 AM. Come join us for lunch while you break from shopping!?
We would love to see you, and if you mention this post... a delicious FLAN will be all your's. YUMMY!, Thirsty Thursdays at KIKA...well, thank you, I think I will! We have just that specialty cocktail with YOUR NAME ON IT!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, HAPPY NEW YEAR from KIKA & STAFF., The wonderful Danielle is working the beautiful bar tonight....come join us for great Sangria & cocktails!!, Need a little pick me up from last night? We are opened today on New Years Day at 5pm!, We will be waiting for you......HAPPY NEW YEAR!, Tapas anyone? We still have tables for New Years Eve..ring in the New Year with KIKA! Ole!, COME CELEBRATE!!!
Come and enjoy our delicious Tapas, and special Beef Tenderloin Entree with a Maine Lobster Tail. YUMMY!
We are starting early, so come on in tonight and bring your friends...OLE!, Reservations are still available for New Years Eve..give us a call! We'd love to see you!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Merry Christmas!  KIKA will be close Thursday, December 24-Sunday, December 27 for the Christmas Holiday. We will see everyone Monday at 1130am!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, We are now open at 11:30 AM on Saturdays now!!!
Come join Dennis and I for delicious Tapas this afternoon, and if you mention this post you will receive a complimentary desert...YUMMY!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Happy Holidays
Don't forget that we are now open for lunch at 11:30 AM on Saturdays!!
Mention this post and receive a complimentary Churros Con Chocolate desert!! YUMMY!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, GOOD MORNING!!!
Come join us today while you break from shopping...we have great salads, sandwiches, delicious Tapas, and of course our famous Paella's! 
We have good music, great service and the best looking Tapas restaurant in all of New England!, Good Morning!!!
Come and join us this afternoon while you break from shopping.
We have great Tapas, salads, and delicious sandwiches!., Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, WHAT BETTER WAY TO SPEND THE AFTERNOON?
The shopping season has started, remember we are now open for lunch on Saturdays here at KIKA. Stop by and enjoy our wonderful Tapas and great service!!!
*Doors open at 11:30 AM., Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Come join us for lunch tomorrow...we are now opened at 11:30 AM on Saturdays!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Not able to make it in this week?  KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am.  Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, OLE!
Come celebrate our first Saturday lunch!
We are now open for lunch on Saturdays.....
Have our daily special Sangria served by our beautiful & talented bartender Dannielle!, Hey!  Guess what?  KIKA is now opened for Saturday lunch at 1130am.  Stop by while you are out and about in Cambridge!, Not able to make it in this week? KIKA is now opened for lunches on Saturday at 1130am. Stop by while you are in Kendall Square!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, Friday is almost here!  Where are YOU going for your end of the week "Attitude Adjustment"? Stop and check out our daily sangria special!, Now is the time to plan your Holiday Party....... give us a call to email us at info@kikatapas.com!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, A little "Dine Out Boston" for lunch today?????  We'd love to see you!!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Dine Out Boston is here......Kika is participating for both lunch and dinner!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Good Morning Cambridge!  Hope to see you after 5pm on the patio for some tapas and sangria!  Happy July 4th!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, Skip the hot dogs and apple pie! KIKA is opened July 4th at 5pm! Stop by for some sangria under the stars!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, Long week already??  Kick into some High Heels or come Basque in the Sun at our bar for an attitude adjustment!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, Congratulations MIT Grads!  reservations are still available at KIKA Tapas for your celebratory dinner!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, Congratulations Harvard Graduates!  Reservations are still available!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, KIKA Tapas wil be closed Monday, May 25 in observance of Memorial Day...happy first weekend of summer!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Happy Mother's Day to all the tapas lovin' Moms in the Boston area!, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, What is the weather today?  Is this a KIKA Tapas patio day?.....Weather permitting, we are opened and ready for your al fresco lunch, Are you ready for the weekend?  Tomorrow is Friday, stop by tonight for an end of the week cocktail! Patio is opened weather permitting!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Enjoy the Holiday!  Stop by after the Marathon for some refreshments!  We're here!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Graduation is just around the corner.....have you made your reservation yet?  We have reservations for Friday and Saturday available!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Happy First Day of Spring......summer is just around the corner!, Baseball, tulips and blue skys are just a few of our favorite spring things...along with tapas and cava!, 游游Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us! Did you know that the Spanish community of Galicia Spain was settled by Celts? Celebrate the luck of the Irish with an Emerald Isle Martini, Carbomb Shots, or an Irish Mule!游游, Happy St. Patty's Day from KIKA! not looking for green beer?  Stop by for some High Heels or a Carlos Splash!, Happy St. Patty's Day from KIKA....not looking for green beer?  Stop by for some High Heels or a Carlos Splash!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, One week until spring!  Can't wait for the patio! See you soon for some sangria!, Spring is in the air!!  Kendall Square is out and about!  Stop by for a cocktail to celebrate 12 days to spring!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, One more day!!!! Dine out Boston starts at KIKA tomorrow....have you made your reservation yet?????, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Dine Out Boston is almost here...have you made your reservation yet??, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Kika will not be opened today on Monday, February 16.  We will be reopening Tuesday for lunch.  We apologize for any inconvenience., Valentine's Day comes just once a year....we would love to see you tonight!  Reservations still available!, He loves me, he loves me not...HE LOVES ME!  HE MADE A RESERVATION AT KIKA!  If he has not, we still have reservations available!, Two for tapas?  Give us a call....we have reservations available both Friday and Saturday night this week. We're the perfect date place!, Chocolates?..check!  Flowers?..check!  Dinner reservation?  Better call KIKA today!  We still have seats available!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, KIKA Tapas will be closed Monday, Feb. 9th due to Mother Nature.....enough already! See you Tuesday!, Five days until cupid comes with his bow and arrow.....have you made your dinner reservation at KIKA yet?, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, It's sangria time!  We will be opened today at 4pm, stop on by!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, Bad Juno!  KIKA will be closed today and tomorrow.  Stay warm and be safe!, KIKA gift certificates are now available online on our webiste  (under contact) or at gifts.opentable.com!  Give the gift of tapas today!, A case of the winter blues?  Cheer up the favorite person in your life with a KIKA Gift Certificate...now available online!  Visit the KIKA website (located under Contact) or visit gifts.opentable.com.
See you soon at KIKA!, We're not going anywhere!!!  Stop by for a nice toasty Red Wine today!, Don't let the Winter Weather keep you inside, we can't wait to have you in for Tapas!, HOHOHO!  We are closed today and tomorrow to enjoy a bit of Christmas cheer!  See you Friday at 5pm!, Happy Holidays!, Look what's coming to Kika!!!, Happy Thanksgiving!  We will emerge from out turkey comas tomorrow at 5pm.  See you then!, we are opened today for "pre-baste" cocktails...., Meanwhile at Kika...., Can't wait to see you here tomorrow!, null, NEW YEAR'S EVE AT KIKA

Buy Your tickets when you come in OR online here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-years-eve-gala-tickets-14459734455, Tell a Friend..., It's is not too late to plan your Holiday Party at KIKA!  Dates still available...give us a call today!, Plan ahead-- Four Roses Cocktail Exhibit, Featuring a tasting flight of House Infusions and a special Eggnog Cocktail!, Stop by this evening to experience our Cabo Want tequila Cocktail Exhibit, null, Stop by tonight for our Costume Party Featuring DJ Ericcc! 9:30 pm. Try these spooky good drinks:, Entremes del Dia: Sauteed Brussels Sprouts with Garlic, Carrot, and Fig Glaze

Ensalada: Marinated Eggplant and Mushroom topped with Micro Arugula and finished with a Mango Tarragon Dressing, We can't wait for our Greenhook Ginsmiths Cocktail Exhibit on Thursday from 4-7pm, Come by and try a Beach Plum...See you there!, Thank you to Everyone who came out to like and Share these images! We had a blast. Thank you to Naeemah Kitchens for the photos., Thank you to Everyone who came out to like and Share these images! We had a blast. Thank you to Naeemah Kitchens for the photos., null, null, Available 4-7pm October 23rd!, null, Enjoy the holiday!  KIKA will be closed today on Labor Day.  We will reopen for lunch tomorrow at 1130am.  Have a great day!, This one goes out to all of the Parents that made it through Summer Vacation....
Try one this week when you come in for Dine Out Boston!, Dine Out Boston ends this Friday.  We'd love to see you for dinner! Our dinner menu is $33.00 per person!, Come in tonight for a Cherry Blossom Cava Cocktail, available for a limited time only!, Lunch date?  Why not come over for Dine Out Boston.  Out lunch menu is $20.00 per person.  Give us a call at 617-245-6030 for a reso!, Gogobot rated Kika Tapas 4.5 out of 5 stars! Thank you gogobot users!, Summer is Ending but our End of Summer Cocktails are just getting started: Blood Orange Julep,  Garden Party Gimlet,  and Smoked Pina Punch!, Fancy a shot of handsome with your cocktail? David is on the bar all weekend, stop by and say hello!, Chase the rain away with the taste of Summer!, Our new Manager is crazy for cocktail specials! Come in and try our Summer selection: Bourbon Rosemary Iced Tea, the Pink Lady Slipper, or the Melon Margarita!, Delicious Summer Offerings from Kika!, July 4th plans yet? KIKA would love to see you July 4th!  Opened from 4-11pm! Stop by for tapas before the fireworks!, Did you know you can see the fireworks from our patio?, It's the perfect afternoon for Sangria on the patio! See you soon., null, Love is in the air at Kika Tonight! Our congratulations to the Bride and Groom! Contact Britney@kikatapas.com to plan your private event today!, Thank you to everyone who made the first day of ourWorld Cup Promotion a success! Come out all month and take advantage of this great deal..., Stop by Kika tonight, we're celebrating no matter who wins!, Kika Tapas Featured on the Huba Huba blog as one of the best places to eat outside in Boston! http://bit.ly/1jNmBpy, null, null, All that's missing on our patio today is you! Max is at it again, bringing you the remarkably refreshing Lime Shandy:, Boston! Spring has sprung and we have our patio ready to go. Come out and kayak this weekend on Broad Canal, and stop in for some tapas! David and Ines are ready for you..., Come see our beautiful and talented Thalia behind the bar at Kika on Fridays. The bar is rocking tonight!, This is our beautiful Private Dining Room set up for an event tonight. Call us or email Britney@kikatapas.com to book your private event!, null, Even Julia is ready for Dine Out Boston!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHBE-G-sJkc&feature=youtu.be, There are still reservations left for Valentine's Day....Give us a call at 617-245-6030!, Back to the daily grind, but it's Thursday! Stop by for a cocktail to start your weekend!, Stop by tonight! We open at 5pm and have a guest appearance from Carlos!, Valentine's Day plans yet?  We're now accepting reservations for Valentine's Day.  Bring your sweetie in for some tapas!, Kika will be closed Monday, January 20 for  private party.  We will reopen for lunch on Tuesday, January 21., KIKA Tapas will be closed on Thursday,  1/2/14 and for lunch on Friday.  We will open at 5pm on Friday.  Stay safe with the snow!, KIKA Tapas will be closed today. We will reopen on Thursday, January 2 for lunch.  Happy New Year!, Last minute New Years Eve reservations are still available!  Give us a call! We'd love to see you!, And what areYOUR New Year's Eve plans? Maybe some tapas and sangria?  We still have reservations available.....just lettin ya know!, Kika Tapas will be closed Sunday, Dec. 22-25.   We will be opened dinners only December 26,27,28.  Happy Holidays!, KIKA Gift Certificates make the perfect stocking stuffer!  There are still a few shopping days left!!, Purchase $75 in KIKA Gift Certificates and receive a complimentary $10 certificate as our gift!, Tonight seems like a good night for a glass of Pumpkin Sangria - our classic red sangria, a little Beckerovka for spice, some homemade fresh pumpkin puree and a dash of cinnamon!, Meu Deus! My stomach feels like that wave just looking at the picture! , Mad Max is on the bar tonight with Pumpkin Martinis, Ilegal Mezcal (Joven and Reposado), Estrella Damm PR and of course our homemade Sangria! Stop by for a drink and tapa or two!, Don't know the difference between the World Series trophy and the World Series Cup? Us either! So stop by Kika tonight for some tasty tapas. Disclaimer: we will have the game on at the bar. BUT a few sips of our homemade sangria and you'll be feelin' great regardless. Ole!, Hey you! Yeah, you! Did you know there's FINALLY a liquor store in Kendall Square? And it's right next door to us! Cambridge Spirits is hosting their weekly tasting today from 5p-7p. We'll be there with some tasty tapas. Stop by and say hello after work., We all can't be great at everything! Come on down to Kika Tapas tomorrow night. Thalia will be shakin' up cocktails and pouring beer and sangria (yeah - our sangria is homemade and on tap). , Happy Head Of The Charles Regatta weekend! Stop by Kika Tapas for a glass of sangria and a couple of tapas to keep you going. Our patio is still open!, Kika will be playing hooky on Monday, but we are ready to celebrate the weekend today and tomorrow!  Stop by for some tapas and a glass of wine!, Stop by KIKA and try our new wines by the glass!!!!!  Love the Amancaya!, Make sure you wish our manager Breton a big Feliz Cumplea침os today!!!  Happy Birthday Breton!!!!!!!!, Tapeo Restaurant and Tapas bar Solea Restaurant and Tapas Bar, Come by tomorrow for $5 drinks at Kika!, null, Basque in the Sun - Kika's take on the original margarita (lime, orange, agave, Hornitos), Kika is still accepting reservations for Thursday, July 4! Get here early and stake out a seat on the patio for a front row performance of the new and improved Boston fireworks display., It's so close, we can almost taste it! July 12 at the Kendall Square Cinema, Pedro Almod칩var's new film, I'm So Excited! Click below to read what Mr. Almodovar has to say about it., It's one of our favorite days of the year - Fourth of July! Stop by Thursday for some tapas and sangria and stay for the fireworks in the comfort of our own patio! Fingers crossed no delays and down pours this year (but you can still see them from our bar)!, This AMOST makes up for having to close the patio on an otherwise beautiful afternoon., Come for the sangria and tapas. Stay for the Bruins and Blackhawks. 8p TONIGHT!!, We are excited to announce KIKA will be participating in this year's Taste of Cambridge on Thursday, June 13. 

The TOC welcomes you to a 10% discount on tickets this coming Tuesday ONLY. Hope to see you there!, Salud to all of you recent and upcoming grads! Now come on in and try out a porron filled with cava - Spanish sparkling wine. You will definitely need these skills further down the road...somewhere...right?, In observance of Memorial Day, Kika will be closed on Monday, May 27. We will reopen for lunch on Tuesday, May 28 at 11:30a., It's Thalia's first Saturday night shift on the bar. Come on down and say hi!, Tapena Wines Presents: Spend the Night with a Spaniard!, Don't forget to stop by Kika after work tomorrow! 

Tapena Wines is sponsoring a free wine tasting event. We'll be sipping Tempranillo, Verdejo and Kika's own Cava Sangria made with Freixenet.

Tuesday, May 21, 2013
5p-7p, on the patio
Live Music and Flamenco Dancers
Complimentary Tapas, We see you, Glenn!, Mark your calendars: Tuesday, May 21, 2013

Join us after work for live music, authentic Flamenco dancers, complimentary Tapena Wines and Spanish tapas!, Speaking of movie reels...Pedro's Almodovar's newest film is quickly approaching! The U.S. will have to tight until June 28, but in the meantime, here is the trailer. We're so excited!, Can you find the movie reel in our middle dining room?, Raise your hand if your allergies are killing you! Our High Heels cocktail (Grey Goose Pear, St. Germaine, Lemon, Cava) will shoe 'em away. Come and get it!, Well it's still a little chilly, but the sun is shining and the sangria keg is full to the tip top to keep you warm and toasty on the patio today!, null, Kika loves her wine!, null, null, Ole Imports with Patrick Mata, Kika is closed on Sunday. But if you are still looking for Sunday reservations, Tapeo Restaurant and Tapas bar and Solea Restaurant and Tapas Bar will be open and happy to see you!, Come and watch Kika with us at the bar. It's a good movie day!, Don't forget to vote for KIKA!, Tonight is our first Saturday without our fearless leader in the kitchen - Sous Chef Jon! We wish him the best of luck in Peru! Buena suerte!, Sangria on tap and Gambas on deck. Come and get 'it!


Gambas al Ajillo - garlic shrimp, We've got Rachel on the bar and Kadian on the floor today at lunch. Come down and say hello. They would love to see you!, Hey, check it out! We have been nominated for Best Spanish/Tapas restaurant! If you get a moment, we would love a vote (or two!)., Thanks for a great Valentine's last night! You all looked stunning! Can't wait to do it again tonight! Also...Chris from Tapeo Restaurant and Tapas bar is training on the bar tonight. Come by and say hello!, We must have been fast asleep when it happened. But the City of Cambridge literally took away all the snow in front of our restaurant. It's bone dry out there. Come see for yourself! Thanks Cambridge!, Yikes! We'll be closed again today, Saturday, February 9. See you on Monday at 11:30a!, Nemo got the best of us! We will be closed all day today, Friday, February 8. But will reopen on Saturday at 5p for dinner., Are you kidding me with the car and T traffice right now? You should just come here instead..., Hot Toddies may not be Spanish, but they sure do hit the spot during cold and flu season. And they pair well with our homeade foie gras, pork sausage and port wine sauce., Dinner for two is so 2012. Groups at Kika are where it's at this 2013!, Don't get caught on your heels this Valentine's Day. Make your reservations now. Stay tuned for the  Aphrodisiac's Tasting Menu!, We added a new tequilla to our menu. Cruz del Sol Reposado and Silver. You've gotta come check 'em out...it'll warm you up for the weekend!, Tapas Tuesday! Bring a date and split a Paella and some Tapas. Add a pitcher of Sangria and your taste buds will be dancing the Flamenco!, Yep - this happened last night. The porron just never gets old here at Kika. Come try it out for yourself!, It seems like a Fiduella kind of night (Spanish Paella made with noodles instead of rice). Have it your way: Valenciana, Oceana o Veggie. It will keep you roasty, toasty this evening., Tapas Tuesday! Bring a date and split a Paella and some Tapas. Add a pitcher of Sangria and your taste buds will be dancing the Flamenco!, Today seems like a good day for a Green Chartreuse on the rocks, don't you agree?!, Tapas Tuesday! Bring a date and split a Paella and some Tapas. Add a pitcher of Sangria and your taste buds will be dancing the Flamenco!, Have a case of the Monday's? KIKA can cure that! Join us for Tapas and Cocktails at the bar after work!, We know you are warm and comfy on your couch. But...it's time to get out of your house!! It's only January 4 - you can't start hibernating now!! What would Kika think!?, We have a great new Wine List! Make sure you come in and check out some of the fabulous glass pours today!, New Cocktail List! Check out the KIKA 350 - Leblon Cacha칞a, Agave & Muddled Strawberry, Lime and Pineapple Juice, Paella Valenciana, The roads may be a little slippery, but the train tracks aren't! Hop on the Redline and come visit for a tapa or two tonight!, Hey New Year's Eve is just around the corner. We've got enough cava and sangria to keep us movin' and groovin' to 2013! Hope to see all of your smiling faces on Monday night!, Paella Valenciana, KIKA will be closed today for the Christmas Holiday. We wish everyone a safe and happy Holiday!, We have a great new Wine List! Make sure you come in and check out some of the fabulous glass pours today!, KIKA will be closed today for Christmas Eve. We wish everyone a safe and happy Holiday! Come see us on Wednesday!, New Cocktail List! Check out the KIKA 350 - Leblon Cacha칞a, Agave & Muddled Strawberry, Lime and Pineapple Juice, IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD!!...OK, maybe not. But we sure can eat and drink like it is. Check out Heather's 'Symphony of Destruction' cocktail made with our house spicy tequilla. It pairs excellent with our 16oz Rib Eye. Hey, go big or go home, right?!, Kika is the perfect place to have your Holiday Gathering! At the bar, or in the dining room, we can accommodate you! Info@kikatapas.com, Kika will be closed on Monday, December 24 and Tuesday, December 25. Will we reopen for lunch on Tuesday, December 26 at 11:30a. Feliz Navidad!, New Cocktail List! Check out the KIKA 350 - Leblon Cacha칞a, Agave & Muddled Strawberry, Lime and Pineapple Juice, We know you're itchin' to get out of work this beautiful Friday. Rachel, Kadian and Breton are on the floor and birthday boy Jon-Jon is in the kitchen all day. Stop by for a 'working lunch' and have a sangria with us!, KIKA is still accepting Holiday Bookings! Contact us at info@kikatapas.com for more information., Hi everyone - we will be closed this afternoon beginning at 1:30p for a private event. But check back in - we'll reopen at 6:30p tonight! Obrigado!, We will be closed tonight beginning at 4p for a private event. We will reopen tomorrow, Wednesday, December 12 at 11:30a for lunch. Gracias!, We have a great new Wine List! Make sure you come in and check out some of the fabulous glass pours today!, FIESTA!! Hope to see you all at our 1 Year Anniversary Party tomorrow! 4p-7p, complimentary tapas and paella and cash bar., What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite!...On that note, the  the Kendall Square Comm Ice-Skating rink is officially open and we are right next door! Swing by Kika before or after and warm up with a cocktail or two., KIKA is still accepting Holiday Bookings! Contact us at info@kikatapas.com for more information., Churros con chocolate, New Prixe Fix Lunch Menu being offered at Kika! Your choice of 3 tapas OR 2 tapas and a dessert for $25. Coffee, tea and soda included. Between 11:30a and 3:00p, Monday-Wednesday., Mark your calendar! December 9 is KIKA's Open House Anniversary Party! 4:00 - 7:00 complete with Tapas and Paella!, New Cocktail List! Check out the KIKA 350 - Leblon Cacha칞a, Agave & Muddled Strawberry, Lime and Pineapple Juice, We survived our very first blackout in Cambridge!, We survived our very first blackout in Cambridge!, KIKA is still accepting Holiday Bookings! Contact us at info@kikatapas.com for more information., Mark your calendar! December 9 is KIKA's Open House Anniversary Party! 4:00 - 7:00 complete with Tapas and Paella!, We have a great new Wine List! Make sure you come in and check out some of the fabulous glass pours today!, New Cocktail List! Check out the KIKA 350 - Leblon Cacha칞a, Agave & Muddled Strawberry, Lime and Pineapple Juice, Sangria, Salsa and Saturday.  What's not to love about that!?, KIKA is still accepting Holiday Bookings! Contact us at info@kikatapas.com for more information., Mark your calendar! December 9 is KIKA's Open House Anniversary Party! 4:00 - 7:00 complete with Tapas and Paella!, @ohmygoddard is back from her trip across the Pond! Catch her live and in person tonight and Friday at Kika!, We have a great new Wine List! Make sure you come in and check out some of the fabulous glass pours today!, New Cocktail List! Check out the KIKA 350 - Leblon Cacha칞a, Agave & Muddled Strawberry, Lime and Pineapple Juice, That was the longest short week ever! We have what will make you feel better..., Pato Braseado (roast duck with a berry sauce), It's here! It's here! Our new cocktail list! Rahsheed's on the bar for the rest of the week and is waiting for you to test them out. Oh, and we have new wine glass pours and new wine list. Come and get it!!, KIKA is still accepting Holiday Bookings! Contact us at info@kikatapas.com for more information., KIKA's Open House Anniversary Event is Sunday December 9. Mark your calendars and keep your eyes peeled for more information!, Come in and visit Fernando at the door and Renee on the Bar. She will be mixing up those cocktails so come take shelter from this Nor'Easter!, Pink Diamonds at the bar! Come and get 'em!, Stop by and see us for dinner tonight!, Franenstorm got us again. We will be closed for lunch and dinner today, Tuesday, October 30. See you Wednesday!, Kika Tapas will be closing today due to Hurricane Sandy.  See you tomorrow on Tuesday!, Frankenstorm is coming! Muwahaha. Come to Kika to sip on our famous seasonal Pumpkin Martini (made from real pumpkin!) and see if this storm lives up to the expectations. The T is only steps from our door!, Matador, 1986, What a great day on the Charles! Did anyone else see the Mini 'driving' on the water?, dios mio! whatta carrot!, null, Chorizo a la Plancha (Grilled Spanish Sausage), The Grinch tested out Boston's own 'dirty water' this afternoon in preparation for this weekend's Head of the Charles Regatta. Stop by Kika on Saturday and watch one of the city's most anticipated events of the year. We are literally steps from the beautiful Rio Charles!, The one and only Rachel Cravens is making a guest appearance on the bar tonight. Stop by and see our favorite day time bartender shake things up tonight!, DIOS MIO! The Eat Up! is still on for tomorrow October 9th, but will be held at the indoor atrium at 100 Tech Sq. See you there!, It's getting to be that time...porron time!, New rain date!, Saturday night samba remix at Kika!!, This weekend seems like a good red wine weekend. This new app will help you find a great bottle in the area., Mmm. chorizo..., Kika, 1993, KIKA will be one of many restaurants participating in the first ever Kendall Sq. EatUp! Buy your tickets at http://kendallsquareeatup.eventbrite.com/. Hope to see you there!, null, Fiesta de San Mateo just came to an end in Logro침o. Located in norther Spain, Logro침o is know as the capital of La Rioja - a region well know for it's beautiful wine. Salud!, We could all use a little exercise this weekend, don't you think?, Mmm, pato braseado..., null, Mojito Monday! What's your favorite flavor? Mango? Pomogranate? Melon? Strawberry? We at Kika personally like plain 'ol original. Stop by Kika and let Norell make you one tonight!, null, null, Tested out a few new cocktail recipes today. Looking to roll out a new list for October. The Ginger Stilleto looks like a keeper!, Hey you! Have you seen Kika yet? We've got it on at the bar tonight, if you're interested., Pedro Almodovar, Freixenet Tasting, Sat, Sept. 8, 2012, Wow - it is pretty windy out here in Kendall Square today. Our patio will be closed tonight. But stop by for a free Freixenet tasting starting at 6p. We will be showcasing the Cordon Negro., Big plans tomorrow night? Stop by Kika in Kendall before you head out. Freixenet will be in house to do a free Cordon Negro Cava tasting starting at 6p. A lil bubbly to kick off a Saturday night! Salud!, Come watch the GMen take on the Cowgirls tonight at 8:30p  at Kika. Cold Estrella Damm and homeade pinxtos are calling your name!, Kika will be closed on Monday, September 3rd in observance of Labor Day. We will reopen for lunch at 11:30a on Tuesday the 4th. Have a wonderful weekend!, Hmm...what to make, what to make? Any suggestions for Spanish Bitters?!, Atame! (Tie me up, Tie me Down!), 1990, Come and get it! Happy Restaurant Week'ing!, All sorts of delicious features on tonight's menu. Lengua de Res (Beef Tongue Toastada Plate with Whole Mustard Alioli), Pez Es Pada (Swordfish Skewer with Ecuadorian Peanut Sauce) and Morcilla Agridulce (Phyllo Dough Wrapped Black Sausage with Fig Gastrique)., She may have been a master at French cooking, but she'll always be one of Cambridge's most beloved residents. Happy Birthday Julia Child!, One good birthday wish deserves another!  Feliz Cumplea침os to our equally fabulous manager Breton!  Stop by today to wish her a great day...., Oh, and a very Happy Birthday to our fabulous General Manager, Hope! Feliz cumplea침os!, It's rainin' sangria up in here!!, 10 Days until Boston Restaurant Week begins! Don't forget to reserve your table at Kika!, I spy with my teensy little eye...a chef!, null, Pedro Almodovar, Kika, 1993, You know what's nice? The glistening, shirtless runners on Broad Canal Way. You know what's nicer? Watching the glistening, shirtless runners from the bar with the A/C on. Lookin' good, guys :), Sparkling sangria is a girl's best friend., Fact. Caipirinhas taste great in the rain., Our hearts are so sad for the Espana futbol team., Queen Elizabeth enjoyed a glass of white wine at the openening ceremonies last night. Maybe she was drinking Vino Albari침o. Stop by Kika to try a taste!, Portugal? Spain? USA? Who are you most looking foward to seeing at tonight's opening ceremonies? We've got the Olympics on at the bar. Come down and visit Heather for an international cocktail!, Opening ceremonies are tomorrow night at 9pm. Come sip a sangria at Kika and see what director Danny Boyle has planned for the big event!, Restaurant Week Boston춽 is just a few weeks away. Reservations begin Monday, July 30. Visit www.bostonusa.com to reserve your table at Kika., 3 Generations of Leon, a Capone and an Alvarez!, Woo Hoo!  We just found out KIKA is in the running for best new tapas bar! Cast your vote today!  We are also up for best al fresco dining!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/, What a week! Was it just us, or do you feel like you were in Pamplona running from a bull? Well, congrats to all who participated in San Fermin's running of the bulls this year! Let's celebrate with a sassy El Matador cocktail at Kika!, Whoa! Did you make it through yesterday's storms? Come sip on a sangria and tell us about it. That weather was wild!, It's Friday...you know where we are..., Paron time at the bar! Come test it out yourself., Friday fun-day! Cocktails and sangria are on deck. Come on down!, Kika's first Fourth of July! , Stop by Kika for tapas and sangria if you're in or around the Charles. Dinner is being served 2p-8p...we think we can see the fireworks from our patio. Come check it out if you don't believe us!, Don't forget! We're open tomorrow, Fourth of July, 2p-8p. Come in for tapas and sangria before the fireworks., So much to do and see (and eat!) in Kendall!, Beautiful breeze in Kendall today! Let Norell cook you up a cocktail at the patio under a shaded tree. It's perfect out!, Kika Tapas, bar/lounge area, 2012, 2:45p kick off: Germany vs. Italy. We've got the futbol game on at the bar. Sneak out of the office and come watch. Shh...we won't tell anyone!, The hardest part of starting a new job at a new restaurant? Learning the menu! But our fearless new servers fought the tough battle with a couple of seasoned vets. The menu last night included: Valenciana fiduella, chorizo a la plancha, camarones a la plancha, plantanos con helado, tarta de chocolate y plato de quesos. It's a tought job, but somebody's gotta do it!, We forgot to post this when the article ran! Write-Up in the Globe!, Muga Reserva........., It's a beautiful evening on the Charles. How about a quick tapa and cocktail after a stroll down the river?, Farmer's Market Kendall Sq Cambridge is today. Stop by Kika after you're done shopping. The Don Julio Anejo Manhattan would be mighty tasty on a day like today!, Ay dios mio! Esta muy caliente! We know what will cool you down: a glass of ice cold sangria. Have it your way - royal, sparkling, berry or classic., New lunch ensaladas y bocadillos at Kika starting tooday!  Stop by or carry out!, Lunch on the patio at Kika today!  Stop by and say hi to Carlos!, Small Paella demonstrations after the HUGE Paella's were gone. Great night!, Taste of Cambridge!, TGIF!!!  Great day for a Friday afternoon Sangria Royal!, First 10 people who stop by today (Thursday) for lunch or dinner and ask for Hope gets a complimentary Tarta de Chocolate for dessert......come visit me!, Enjoy the sun!  Stop by for a quick drink on the patio today!, No sun in Boston, but Basque in the Sun at Kika!!, No BBQ today...stop by for some Spanish comfort food....Paella Valenciana......just sayin'!, TGIF......maybe a Woodford's Julep or a Caipirinha after work today at the bar???  Perfect with a Queso de Cabra, Great day for an alfresco lunch!  Stop by Kika for tapas on the patio!, null, KIKA will be open for Lunch and Dinner on Monday, Patriots Day! It is supposed to be a beautiful day for a Red Sox game and the Marathon so why not top it off with Tapas and Sangria? Join us Monday!, Our Menu was featured on The Art of the Menu, a website just for fabulous menus!
http://www.underconsideration.com/artofthemenu/archives/kika_tapas.php, Boston Magazine! http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/articles/where_to_eat_in_boston_in_2012_restaurants_coming_soon_and_open_now/page3, Write up in the Globe! Check it out! http://articles.boston.com/2012-02-03/arts/31015999_1_tapeo-spanish-small-plates-sangria, Starting this Sunday, KIKA will be closed on Sundays! We will be open for Lunch Monday - Friday and Dinner, Monday - Saturday! Join us soon for Tapas & Sangria!, Check us out in Stuff! , Kika has been open for 1 month now and is going strong! Make sure you come in soon for lunch or dinner! Recommend us to your friends too! Ciao!, Urban Daddy! http://www.urbandaddy.com/bos/food/15837/Kika_Tapas_A_Sexy_Spanish_Date_Spot_in_Cambridge_Boston_BOS_East_Cambridge_Restaurant, null, Kika Tapas is Now Open!  Stop by for lunch or dinner to get that Kika feeling yourself!  Reservations are encouraged but not required., Witness for yourself Kika tapas from it's early construction stages.  What a transformation!, Please note that our full menu is available anytime, including lunch, but our lunch menu is only available during lunch (M-F).
, Witness for yourself Kika tapas from it's early construction stages.  What a transformation!, Witness for yourself Kika tapas from it's early construction stages.  What a transformation!, null, Happy Wednesday Everyone! Kika is coming along so quickly! We will be up and running before you know it. Make sure you keep checking back for more updates, photos and important information. And make sure you tell all your friends! Ciao!, Witness for yourself Kika tapas from it's early construction stages.  What a transformation!)