List(Ko🐝 Bry🐜 ◼️🐍 #mambaday #justdoit Nike, ⛵️🛥⚓️🚤🌅, Chillaxing at the beach earlier in the week, ⛵️☀️, Thank you Nike Sportswear for my Air Max ID shoes!  How are you celebrating Air Max Day?#AirMax #AirMaxDay, Miami 🏖🎾✌🏼️, ✈️🌥, null, Rise and grind 🎾🌴😊, See me in action again!, Warming up before playing #tennis 
☀🎾🌴🕶, Getting stronger 💪🏼
Jumping & running 🆙🏃💨, This is my Air Max, what's yours? #AirMax, This is my new Nike Air Max 1, make yours at nike.com/airmax #AIRMAX, The Rehab for my knee is going really well! I have now had a lot of great practices on the court and in the gym. As it is a long year, I don't want to push it too hard and come back too soon. Thus, I will unfortunately not be able to make it back in time for the great event in Indian Wells but I do plan on playing in the desert next year. After consultation with my team, I have decided to enter the Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters. Thanks for the support and I will see you back on tour soon., Rarely felt so happy being back on a practice court 😄, 🕸🕷👦🏻, 🃏🎉 #Basel #Fasnacht, I want to inform you that yesterday I underwent arthroscopic surgery on my knee. I injured my knee the day after the semi-finals in Australia. After getting tests done when I returned home, it was determined that I had torn my meniscus. I apologize to my friends in Rotterdam and Dubai, as I was very much looking forward to playing those events. While this is an unfortunate setback, I am encouraged and grateful that my doctor said the procedure was a success. I am looking forward to attacking the rehabilitation process this afternoon with my team and working hard to get back out on tour as soon as possible.  Thanks for all your incredible support. I will check in with all of you soon., Thank you @NIKELAB for the new shoes!, Always fun attempting to be an action hero :-), Short interview about my new role. Stay tuned, Just in time for the 🎾! Feeling 💪 and 😎 in my new NikeCourt OZ look. http://swoo.sh/1O66tSq, On my way to Melbourne  🚂💨😀, Thanks for another great year @brisbanetennis. Always a pleasure to be in #thisisqueensland. Hope to be back again 🎾😎🌴, Practice is 🔑, Brisbane 😍, null, Here is my tentative 2016 schedule. Happy holidays and thanks for all your support!, null, Note to self: open The Now. #openthenow, null, null, I’m excited to be coming back to the IPTL - International Premier Tennis League! Hope you guys come out and watch us #BreakTheCode again! #IPTL, After 2 very successful years, I would like to thank Stefan Edberg, my childhood idol, for agreeing to join my team. It was a dream come true. Although it was supposed to only be for 2014, Stefan was great and agreed to extend the partnership through this year which I really appreciated. He taught me so much and his influence on my game will remain. He will always be a part of my team. Severin Luthi, who I have been working with since 2008, will continue to be my main coach and he will be joined by Ivan Ljubicic. Both Daniel Troxler, my physiotherapist and Pierre Paganini, my longtime fitness trainer, will remain part of my technical team., Have you already played all the #RogerGames by Sunrise? It's fun and there are great prizes to win! http://roger-games.ch, I am proud to be nominated for the Credit Suisse Sports Awards.  #sportsawards, Every athlete deserves the chance to pursue their goals. Help us reach our goal of providing $250,000 in sports equipment to youth programs. SHARE today! #MyWilson, Looking ahead to 2016 – and to Brisbane International - Australian Open Series! 

So many great memories at #brisbanetennis, can’t wait to Visit Queensland, Australia, Australia again.

See you there? #thisisqueensland #brisbaneanyday, Welcome to Instagram @Rolex #101031, null, My 2016 calendar is out. I hope you enjoy the fantastic photos - and thank you for supporting my Foundation!, Check out the behind the scenes video from a fantastic night of tennis in Helsinki Finland celebrating Jarkko Nieminen’s career. Peter Forsberg, Teemu Selänne, Jarkko and I had a lot fun :) https://youtu.be/WQTY6FugQX4, Can you beat me at the #RogerGames by Sunrise? Play now, win great prizes and find out how you can win a meet & greet with me! http://www.roger-games.ch, Today is the day: discover The Now. #openthenow, Change the game. November 10th. #openthenow, Cast your vote and help me win the ATP Fan's Favourite Award again this year!, Back from outer space...
https://youtu.be/R-6itnQ3Vqc, Love my new NikeCourt Holiday look that I’m
wearing this week in Basel. Check out the complete
Ceremony at http://swoo.sh/1L3oi6G, READY FOR A NEW CHALLENGE, Crazy cool to be with #23 in China #ShanghAirJordan, Warming up at the Shanghai Rolex Masters, Shanghai, I’ve known Jarkko for a long time. We played at the Junior World Championships in 1998 and we’ve been friends ever since. I will miss him out on the ATP tour but I’m really excited to play with him in his final match.  It’s also a great chance to visit Finland for the first time!

The event will take place on 9.11.2015 at 18.00 in Hartwall Arena. The tickets will go on sale at 09.00 Finnish time ( UTC + 2hrs) on 8.10.2015. Tickets can be purchased via www.lippu.fi., #MyWilson has always been my edge, and always will be. Check out our new video and find out how you can get involved… hope you guys like it!, #MyWilson racket has been with me for every single point, every single match. Couldn’t imagine taking the court without it. Add your story wilson.com/mywilson, and for every submission, Wilson will donate equipment to a sports program in need., China, Through the Looking Glass: a must see exhibit @metmuseum if you're in NYC before Sept 7th, More !, null, null, null, Hope you enjoy the footage!, null, null, null, I am so excited to be back in Africa. This time travels for my Foundation have led me to the wonderful country of Malawi where we run a major early childhood education program. I'm very impressed to see the results of our efforts first hand. Thanks to our partner Action Aid Malawi who is doing a great job bringing education to younger children., null, I feel grateful to share time with these amazing kids, Early education is the foundation of all learning, Exciting to see the impact of the Roger Federer foundation's early learning initiative here in Malawi., Looking forward to being back in Wimbledon next year. Am already counting down the days with ROLEX., null, Think you can beat this tomorrow @SerenaWilliams? #NikeCourt, Checkout the ATP's great new website, with cool new player profile pages (here's mine below). Nice work ATP World Tour!

http://bit.ly/ATPFederer, null, null, AC⚡️DC  Angus Young thanks for your time, one of my music heroes and still going strong! #legend #inspiration, null, ⛵️, Exploring Istanbul, ⛵️, Mercedes let me drive their latest car, a Mercedes-AMG GLE63 S Coupe. Pretty sweet ride. Check it out here, 😍🇹🇷, null, null, Just practicing some Tennice ❄️, I am ready to celebrate Air Max day. Thanks Nike Sportswear for my #airmax zero’s!, My ride back from the stadium after today's match. Excited for tomorrow's final!, null, ☔️⛅️, null, Such an honor meeting Teemu Selanne, and hanging with my friend Jarkko Nieminen, Love the sketches interspersed throughout this video from the BNP Paribas Open and Moët & Chandon USA. A toast to the fans for all the support over the years in Indian Wells! #MoetMoment https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P03Y1_UfrKw&feature=youtu.be, null, ☕️, The boys reunited, Dear Fans- Check out this link: http://bit.ly/1LcUe4Q to receive 20 percent off tickets for certain categories to my NYC exhibition match on March 10th Madison Square Garden.  I hope to see you there!, Dubai, Dressing up for a Gentleman's game today.  #BleedBlue, I’ve been back on the practice courts for the last couple of days.  Very excited to be back on the ATP World Tour at the end of the month. Below will be my schedule for the next few months:

23 Feb:            Dubai
12 March:    Indian Wells
12 April:       Monte Carlo
3 May:            Madrid
10 May:         Rome
24 May:         Roland Garros
15 June:       Halle
29 June:       Wimbledon

I am currently working on my summer and fall tournament schedule and as soon as I have it finalized, I will release it. I’m looking forward to a great 2015!, Looks like I made a new friend... :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr93lXy-NaA, null, Looking forward to taking the court in Melbourne, Excited to play against Hewitt tonight! #ilovesydney, Amazing sunset #thisisqueensland thanks for a wonderful day and see you at @brisbanetennis tomorrow ☀️, Brisbane, A beautiful garden path in Brisbane, Coach Seve and me. Excited to be back in Brisbane! Happy we got the 1st practice of year out of the way!, Hello Brisbane! Excited to be back for the Brisbane International - Australian Open Series! Hope to see you there, ⛄️, Still looking for a Christmas gift? 

Cool original and signed items from Match for Africa 2 (e.g. special RF bench) auctioned on http://info.ricardo.ch/matchforafrica, until December 28th. 

Many thanks to all who have contributed or will contribute to the benefit of the Roger Federer Foundation http://www.match-for-africa.com/en/, null, Can you help caption this photo for me?, Impressed with your creativity #MatchforAfrica 2 #FanMessage #Wow
I want to thank you & meet the winner live before the match starts! Keep on designing!
http://lindt.fanpictor.com/en/events/78-match-for-africa/, #MySunriseToday, Thank you New Delhi, for the amazing memories. I'll remember this trip forever. Your support was amazing, Got naan?, Want to give a special message at the #MatchforAfrica 2? Design a fan message for the stadium and win 2 Event Tickets incl. a weekend trip to Zurich. I am curious to see your ideas!
match-for-africa.com/fanmessage, null, Is this a frangipani?, I feel like an ant #tiny, You might wonder why I started to post pictures of sunrises?
Well, it’s a charity project from my new Swiss based partner Sunrise.
Sunrise is auctioning these #MySunriseToday photos as large-sized pictures for the benefit of the Roger Federer Foundation:info.ricardo.ch/matchforafrica, Awesome water show at the foot of the Burj Khalifa, #MySunriseToday, #MySunriseToday, Dubai Style ☀️, One day to go for the IPTL - International Premier Tennis League to kick off. Looking forward to going to India and playing for the Aces!, #MySunriseToday, null, I am sorry to announce that I cannot play the finals tonight vs. Novak. I hurt my back late in the match yesterday against Stan. I am very disappointed and I hope to be feeling better soon. 

It’s been an extremely difficult decision because I love playing in London and the ATP World Tour Finals have been an absolute highlight of my career.  Unfortunately, my back problem does not allow me to play right now. I hope all tennis fans and those involved in the event will understand., null, Laced up and ready to take flight. #NikeCourt, null, null, null, @arsenal vs @rscanderlecht, #london style, null, Guess where?, A postcard, from me to you, null, Playing tourist, The Louis Vuitton Foundation, ✈️, Voting has begun for the ATPWorldTour.com Fans' Favorite Award Presented by Moët & Chandon.  Let's win this for the 12th consectutive year!  

http://www.atpworldtour.com/moetatpawards, null, Once a ball boy, always a ball boy, Yeeeaaahhhh so happy, thanks to everyone for making this week so special for me! #ballboyforlife #Basel, Come see me play Grigor Dimitrov at Madison Square Garden in the BNP Paribas Showdown on March 10th!  Get the best seats before the public - Use code: FEDERER http://bit.ly/1qJPtUt, ✨, null, Thank you ROLEX for your continuous support!, You can order my 2015 fan calendar in my webshop now - make sure to get your copy!

https://www.rogerfederershop.com/en/shop/detailansicht/procat/schreibwaren/prod/kalender-2015.html, #hyperlapse on my way back from practice earlier. amazing center court and fans here, 👀

              👀, Driving to practice #comfyRF, null, What's up #shanghai, Ticket sale for the Match for Africa 2 at the Hallenstadion in Zurich will start tomorrow, Wednesday October 1st, 8am CET. Tickets will be available from Ticketcorner (www.ticketcorner.ch). I hope to see you there., Officially, I've decided that I will make the trip next week to Shanghai.  I can't wait to see all my fans and I hope I can win the Shanghai Rolex Masters for the first time!, India, here I come! Looking forward to playing two matches in Delhi on December 7th & 8th. I’m beyond excited!, I am happy to announce that after the successful exhibition for my foundation in December 2010, Stan Wawrinka has agreed to play me in The Match for Africa 2 on December 21st, 2014 in Zurich at the Hallenstadion arena.  It’s going to be an amazing night!  I hope to see you there., #geneva, Checking the perimeter #whynot #palexpo #geneva, I tried to sneak a picture of Seve and Stan during the press conference. You think they noticed? #stealthy, #geneva #switzerland, #geneva #switzerland, Thanks so much for all of your support at US Open Tennis Championships #amazingfans #electric #NYC #seeyouguysnextyear, 🚖, null, Honored to have been awarded the US Open Sportsmanship Award. Here's me accepting the award from Todd Martin. Thanks US Open Tennis Championships!, Can’t wait to catch up with my fans in Brisbane to start my 2015 summer at Brisbane International - Australian Open Series, Visit Queensland, Australia http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfqMu7TQgUo&feature=youtu.be, I would like to invite you to accompany Janine Haendel, the CEO of The Roger Federer Foundation on one of our fieldtrips to Zambia, visiting several community schools that are part of our programs., null, Proud to be connecting the courts: NIKECOURT ZOOM VAPOR AJ3 by Michael Jordan! Nike Tennis  #nikecourt, Trading court stories with Michael Jordan... Nike Tennis  #nikecourt, I just launched my Instagram account. So if you'd like to see what I'm up to, you can catch me @rogerfederer here: http://instagram.com/rogerfederer, 100 years of Wilson, Challenged accepted, Anna Wintour, Gavin Rossdale, and Ana Ivanovic! 

ALS is a tragic disease, and I hope that the social media attention from the Ice Bucket Challenge continues to bring more awareness and donation dollars to curing ALS. Funny videos are entertaining, and can be important to raise awareness, but a more important measure of impact is donating: http://www.alsa.org/ 

In the spirit of the challenge, I'd like to challenge my friends Seve, Marco and Reto!, Looking forward to hitting the courts in NYC!, I am so proud to have written the introduction to Rod Laver's autobiography -- he's one of my all-time heroes. He remains the only player ever to have won the Grand Slam twice, a truly phenomenal achievement. I regard him as the greatest champion our sport has known, and his book should be read by anyone who loves tennis. The book has now been published in the UK and you can buy the hardback or the ebook on Amazon. http://www.amazon.co.uk/Rod-Laver-Memoir/dp/1760111244/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1398273441&sr=1-1&keywords=rod+laver , Very excited and pumped to debut my new Wilson #RF97 racket today. I've been looking forward to this moment for awhile!, A secret challenge - great fun! #chocolateheaven, Looking forward to this fun challenge with Lindsey Vonn in #chocolateheaven - it should be amazing, Get your RF notebook now, choose from the classy gold or black cover in the RF webshop!, Ready for #endlesstennis in London!, The history and tradition of Wimbledon is truly special., Excited to be back at the All England Club! Here are some pictures from my first practice today., There's a whole bunch of new, autographed caps in different colours available in my webshop.

https://www.rogerfederershop.com/en/shop/signed-caps.html, Ready for #endlesstennis in Paris!, Had so much fun last month on the photo shoot for the new Moët & Chandon campaign coming up! I couldn't wait to share some exclusive stolen moments with you, have a look. http://youtu.be/grOa8uhA0Wg, Looking forward to wearing my new collection in Paris! #endlesstennis, Check out this fun video Stefan and I made when we visited Google HQ. 

See what it's like to play tennis through our eyes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Eabp3Jpy-I, Watch me in the new Football TV spot from Credit Suisse.  The motto is "We're All Part of the Team!", null, I had a portrait painted for the cover of 'annabelle', a Swiss lifestyle-magazine. The original painting is now up for grabs in an auction, the proceeds go fully towards the Roger Federer Foundation. Don't hesitate and place your bid now!
http://ineichen.nextlot.com/public/sale/70946?section=lots, Mirka and I are so incredibly happy to share that Leo and Lenny were born this evening! Twins again.. miracle!, I’ve decided to withdraw from Madrid to be with my wife Mirka during these next few exciting weeks for our family. I apologize to my fans and hope to be back in Madrid next year. I’ll be training near my home, and am excited to rejoin the Tour soon!,  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153976207675332&set=a.10150154909290332.397933.10150107266525332&type=1&stream_ref=10, It’s every match, tournament and slam.
Every bad call, broken string, and big shot. #endlesstennis, As promised, some more photos - thanks again Rolex!, Had fun visiting the Credit Suisse offices in Zurich earlier this week. Not so easy to serve in street clothes….., I did a great photo shoot earlier this week with ROLEX in Lucerne. Beautiful scenery, great team and a lot of fun! Here's a sneak peek of the shoot and looking forward to sharing with you more photos soon! #Rolex, Just leaving the Miami sunshine. Thanks Mercedes-Benz for the sweet ride over the last 4 weeks. I always love being able to drive around myself in Miami and Indian Wells!, With the next Davis Cup rubber coming up soon in Switzerland, we've put together a special fan-package - check out the RF shop., Hi Everyone.  Check out the making-of video for my new Credit Suisse TV spot

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaSjJyCyH-0, Do you think I would make a good sumo wrestler? Check out my new Gillette video where Leo Messi and I start ‘Trading Places’ with other athletes from around the globe. #InnerSteel https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hc7oa-e3Blg, One of my all-time heroes, Rod Laver, has just published his autobiography. Among many other tennis records that Rod set, he remains the only player ever to have won the Grand Slam twice, a truly phenomenal achievement. I regard him as the greatest champion our sport has known, and his book should be read by anyone who loves tennis. The hardback edition of Rod Laver - A Memoir is only available at the moment in Australia and New Zealand, but it's available globally as an ebook., https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153615137470332&set=a.10150154909290332.397933.10150107266525332&type=1&stream_ref=10, Thank you to everyone who came out last night to see the charity exhibition. I would also like to personally thank Rolex and Tennis Australia for their incredible support and kindness in making this event so wonderful., I'm really looking forward to playing an exhibition match with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga tonight. It's going to be a great night for a great cause and you can watch the whole thing live at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NO-MSOJ4hY& or on Channel 7 in Australia, Excited to publish my 2014 schedule!

Brisbane (30 Dec '13 - 05 Jan '14)
Australian Open (13 - 26 Jan)
Dubai (24 Feb - 02 Mar)
Indian Wells (03 - 16 Mar)
Miami (17 - 30 Mar)
Madrid (05 - 11 May)
Rome (12 - 18 May)
Roland Garros (26 May - 08 Jun)
Halle (09 Jun - 15 Jun)
Wimbledon (23 Jun - 06 Jul)
Toronto (04 - 10 Aug)
Cincinnati (11 - 17 Aug)
US Open (25 Aug - 07 Sep)
Shanghai (6 - 12 Oct)
Basel (18 - 26 Oct)
Paris (27 Oct - 02 Nov)

Please note: this is a preliminary schedule which is subject to change., I am happy to announce that beginning in Melbourne, Stefan Edberg will join Severin Lüthi on my coaching team. Severin, who has been part of my team for the last 7 years, will do most of the weeks and Stefan has agreed to work with us for at least 10 weeks starting at the Australian Open in Melbourne. Stefan was my childhood hero, and I am really looking forward to spending time and learning from him., Mirka and I are very happy to share the news that Myla & Charlene will be big sisters in 2014! Happy Holidays., Today is a really special day for me: it is precisely ten years ago that we started the Roger Federer Foundation. Thank you so much for all your support! 
If you wish, you are welcome to make a contribution here: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=VKKNFJC7PHKAG, null, Doing some fitness training ahead of the Brisbane International - Australian Open Series that starts on December 29th.  Can’t wait to play in Queensland!, null, Stefan Edberg just finished doing a training week with me and my team. It was great spending time with one of my childhood heroes!, Very excited for my charity match, on January 8 in Melbourne… thank you Tennis Australia, We've got a new bunch of white, autographed RF caps for you in my webshop. The proceeds benefit the Roger Federer Foundation. Thanks for your support!, I will play Jo-Wilfried Tsonga just before the start of the Australian Open in Melbourne on Wednesday 8 January 2014. The proceeds from the event will go to the Roger Federer Foundation and the Australian Tennis Foundation. Special guests include Australian tennis legend Rod Laver. Tickets go on sale midday November 14 - don't miss out on this unique night of tennis!
http://premier.ticketek.com.au/shows/show.aspx?sh=ROGERFED14, Excited to wear these in London next week!, Voting is underway for ATPWorldTour.com’s Fans’ Favourite Awards. Let's make it 11 years in a row!, Had a great time shooting the new Jura commercial - enjoy!, My 2014 calendar is out! Once again, we've put together a great selection of photos of the past months for you to enjoy. Make sure to get your copy, the net proceeds go towards the Roger Federer Foundation. Thank you for your support., I had great fun visiting the LINDT Chocolateria near Zurich, making some mouth-watering chocolate with a group of kids we support through my Foundation via Winter Aid Switzerland., Thanks for all your support in Shanghai.. I had a great time playing here as always. Looking forward to returning next year.

And a special thanks to my doubles partner, Zhang Ze. We had a lot of fun playing together!, Greeting fans who stayed late as I left the stadium. Thanks for the love!

Had a successful match tonight.. Really looking forward to my singles and doubles matches tomorrow!, Signing some autographs for fans who showed up, Amazing seeing so many fans showing up for my warmup today. Thanks for coming! Match starts in around 2 hours., Hey fans. If you're also on Twitter, you can follow me at https://twitter.com/rogerfederer. I try and mix things up and update you all here and on Twitter!, This video is from the Opening Ceremony of the Shanghai Rolex Masters the other day. It's a lot easier to aim at the ball when time slows down! I'm the next match on for Doubles with Zhang Ze!

http://youtu.be/JOAT0jLytVs, Dinner on the Bund in Shanghai tonight. Great skyline!, Testing some different kind of equipment for once!, No Excuses in NYC, null, Check out this inspirational poster Nike Tennis made as a lead up to New York., Success is a matter of style. Which photo by Patrick Demarchelier do you think best captures my success at the #Moet270?

Vote for your favorite on the Moët & Chandon tab for the chance to win a signed photo of me: http://bit.ly/Matter_of_Style, On Wednesday in New York, I played a new opponent: Roger Federer vs. Roger Federer. Enjoy the match, and join me in wishing Moët a happy birthday! #Moet270, Tomorrow, in honor of a very special anniversary, I take on a new opponent who I have never played before… Can you guess who? Save the date, check in tomorrow for the match!, Thank you for all the birthday wishes! I had a great day yesterday. I am lucky to have the best fans in the world...., I am disappointed not to be playing in Montreal next week. It is a great tournament with amazing fans. I look forward to competing there in the future., Looking forward to meeting my fans in Queensland, Australia to celebrate the new year when I play at the Brisbane International for the first time., Check out my new Gillette commercial., Post match interview with tournament director Michael Stich...., I'm really happy to be back in Hamburg. Just finished my practice and now going to have a relaxing evening!, I am also looking forward to competing in Hamburg this summer. I always did very well at Rothenbaum, played some fantastic matches and celebrated important victories there - great memories!, I'm really looking forward to playing in front of my home fans in Gstaad this summer. I have got a lot of great memories of the tournament in the mountains of Switzerland., No Excuses., Check out the new Wilson Tennis spot!, It is that time of year again--Wimbledon!...I love this place!, Check out the Nike Tennis outfit I will wear at Wimbledon in a couple weeks!, We play tennis because we love it...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vONGFCTuQYI, Hey everyone-- I am doing my first Reddit AMA at 7:30pm paris time. Looking fwd to seeing your questions.  Here is the link: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1ezafj/im_roger_federer_a_professional_tennis_player/, If you're interested in following me on Twitter, you can find me @rogerfederer., At Nike event in Paris with Maria, Serena and Rafa, Had to stop practice for a few minutes....what the hail is going on here......, Here is another picture...., I had the opportunity to visit the Vatican Gardens today....here are some pictures. It was very nice..., My Nike Free Trainer 5.0 does more than you think.


, Does anyone know the best way to get rid of a fly?, Had to share, here’s a little behind the scenes look of my shoot with Wilson!, We are deeply saddened to hear the news of the passing of our dear friend and leader, Brad Drewett. He was a great player, a tremendous ATP CEO and most importantly and amazing friend to all of us.  In his short time running the ATP, he achieved a lot and his dynamic personality and steadfast loyalty to the entire global tennis family was so evident.  We loved this man and send our condolences to his wife, Jo and their 4 children.  The sport of tennis has lost a great figure today, but we will ensure his legacy and contributions to our sport remain part of the ATP's fabric for years to come., Heading to Madrid this weekend.  I am excited to get back out on tour and try and defend my title at the Mutua Madrid Open., I had a great time visiting Rolex at Baselworld.  Here's a picture from a recent photo shoot with their brand new watch..., Enjoying my practice...., The answer is: On the ferry crossing Lake Zurich from Horgen to Meilen!, Just finished a hard work out. Anyone know where this picture is taken?, Just felt earthquake in Indian Wells....I hope everyone is OK!, 8 is my favorite number! One of my friends just emailed me and reminded that I just won my 888th match on tour. Very cool.  Looking forward to the semis here in Dubai!, Enjoy the making-of of my latest spot with Credit Suisse!, Visiting the preschools together with my mother Lynette today was amazing, they gave us such a warm reception!, null, I just visited some preschools in the Limpopo Province of South Africa - we support these via the Roger Federer Foundation. The kids and people here are incredible!, Thanks to all my great fans for this week's 'Red Envelope'. I always get so excited to receive it each tournament week. Looking forward to playing my first match on Wednesday at 7:30pm...., Excited to be back in Rotterdam!, Thanks for your votes! Here's the Vapor that got most votes. I'm sending a pair to a lucky winner: Vid Mirosevic, thanks to the rest of you and stay tuned for more fun stuff coming from me and Nike Tennis., Don't forget to vote for your favorite ZV9T NIKEiD. I'll wear the shoe that gets more likes on the Nike Tennis album... And maybe send one of you a pair!, Hey guys, the NIKEiD folks sent me 4 pairs of Vapor 9's for me to wear during the Australian Open. Which one should I pick? Vote for your favorite at the Nike Tennis page., Love being in Australia... so excited to be back for the Australian Open! Time to go to bed!, I am enjoying my day in Singapore with Credit Suisse. I hope I can come back one day to play tennis in this amazing place!, Wishing you all a Happy New Year!, Just landed in Switzerland! Now on my way to TV studio for Credit Suisse Sports Awards 2012! Watch it on SRF 1 @ 20.05, Thanks Colombia....on my way home. You overwhelmed me with your support and love! I will never forget my visit and hope to be back soon. It was so much fun.....!, What a night!!! Loved the traditional Colombian hat and bag!, Trading jerseys with the great Colombian goalkeeper Farid Mondragon!, Thank you Argentina! Just leaving your beautiful country now. I can't thank you enough for making my stay so memorable. The atmosphere out on court was one of the best of my entire career.....muchas gracias!!!!, Just finished a warm at the 20,000 seat stadium with my friends Gaston Gaudio and Mariano Zabaleta...so excited for the match tonight!, Getting ready for a kids clinic with Juan Martin Del Potro!, Leaving Igassu falls now. Thank you so much for making my stay in Brazil so wonderful and for all the energy! I can't wait to come back to your beautiful country!, Another picture from the Iguassu falls!, I've just uploaded the video of my meeting with the great Pelé on my YouTube channel for you to enjoy., Having a fantastic time so far in Brazil, thanks so much to all the great fans here. Watch my matches live on YouTube!, Had the incredible honor today to meet the great legend Pele.....he was so nice and his energy is amazing!!!!, Getting ready with Serena for a hit on top of the Museum of Art, Sao Paulo!, This is the Sao Paulo tennis arena in the background...., About to play tennis Maria Esther Bueno...she has won 19 Grand Slam titles (7 singles, 11 doubles and 1 mixed)...she still plays amazing!, So great to see the amazing Guga!!!!, Penalty kick time with the wonderful kids of Sao Paulo at a court built for them by Gillette ....I didn't score. He made a great save!, Time for a warm up before my match....., In locker room getting ready to go to open the tennis village. After that, its time for a warm up, stretch and match time! So excited for everything to start!, You can watch all of my six matches of the Gillette Federer Tour through South America streamed live on my new YouTube channel (http://www.youtube.com/RogerFederer)!
   
São Paulo | Brazil | December 6 - 9,  
Buenos Aires | Argentina | December 12 - 13,  
Bogotá | Colombia | December 15, About to play tennis with some kids from a poor neighborhood in Sao Paulo. These kids only have been playing for 8 months!, I am happy that I have finally made it to Brazil! Just arrived in Sao Paulo!, null, Starting to pack for the Gillette Federer tour through South America and I was excited to receive these new Nike RF hats in the colors of Brazil, Argentina and Colombia....very cool!, Dear fans, now you know why I worked with P. Demarchelier. I’m very happy to become Moët & Chandon’s new ambassador. More than ever, I look forward to toasting new victories with you!, null, I had the privilege to be shot by my friend Patrick Demarchelier… but can you guess what for?, Someone come save me....I don't want to sleep here tonight!, Mixing in a little gym time with the vacation. Will send you a fun picture later of what happened to me earlier today...., What if I was Brazilian? Check out my new video with Gillette Fusion ProGlide. I had a lot of fun filming this tv spot, and I'm really looking forward to the Gillette Federer Tour coming up in early December. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUBYkFubCIk, null, Ten years of ATP Fans' Favourite - thanks so much for your support!, Play "Roger Federer's Tennis Challenge" and win a signed tennis racket! Download the app – play – and win: http://bit.ly/ThA2mN

Starting November 5!, Qualifying for the ATP finals is a big accomplishments of mine. This year I get to don the flame in London and wear my Zoom Vapor's from the Nike Tennis Flame Pack. What have you accomplished this year that would earn you your flame?, Hey fans, this is a record we share together - thanks for your support!, Thanks, Nike for the cool banner!, null, Leaving China...It was such a special trip to Shanghai. The fans were absolutely amazing. Thanks so much, I will always remember your support!, Wow, secured 300 weeks at #1 - what an amazing number!

http://youtu.be/s_cXOz9Idms, Wow, secured 300 weeks at #1 - what an amazing number!, Thanks to my wonderful Chinese supporters for this weeks great RED envelope! I always look forward to getting this traditional tournament week gift from my rogerfederer.com members. Thanks!, My original Wimbledon 2012 equipment (shoes and shirt) is now up for auction! The net proceeds go to the Roger Federer Foundation. Thanks for your support!, Brushing up on my Chinese interview skills....., Getting ready for the Mercedes-Benz China M-Class event in Shanghai...., Looking forward to going back to China and playing in the Shanghai Rolex Masters. I have always enjoyed China and I can't wait to see my great chinese fans again. See you soon!, Back to the gym...., Thanks for making this so exciting. After reading through many, many suggestions of nicknames I decided that I would go with Federinho since I am wearing a Brazilian outfit...., Ready for some Volleyball?, If I was a soccer player, what would you think my nickname should be? Give me some great ideas and I will pick one later today! Let's have some fun with it...., Getting ready for the Gillette Tour in Brazil....I thought it was a tennis tour not Futebol????, Just heard that over 15yrs ago (9/22/97) as a 16yr old, I made my debut on the ATP rankings...debuting at #803 after picking up 12pts. Here's to another 15yrs on tour....hahahahah :), Looking forward to the south american exo tour in Dec....just ran into some Argentinian tennis fans who will be at 1 of the matches in buenos aires..such nice people! so excited to visit brazil, argentina and colombia for the first time!, A cool look into how my racket sponsor Wilson Tennis creates great stuff., Dear fans, I'll be visiting Colombia on December 15th, hope to see you all there! Don't forget to buy your tickets at TuBoleta, starting September 13th., Here is a picture of all the players who will be coming to Brazil Dec 6-8 to play on the Gillette Federer Tour. Very excited..., Everything you wanted to know about my family car, the 2013 GL, all in this video. Check it out., Funny seeing myself on a bus, but pretty cool!, Honored to work with Lindt again. We launched a new ad which airs on TV Sept. 3 but you can check it out now., Hello fans from Colombia! I am very happy to see you at the exo I am playing vs Tsonga on Saturday, December 15th! Buy your tickets starting September 12th on www.tuboleta.com. I hope to see you all there!, Hey fans, here's a first look at my new TV commercial for the 2013 Mercedes-Benz GL, my family car!, Enjoying some time off. Thank you so much for all your kind wishes for my birthday and all your loyal support always!, Leaving The Club. Had a great month at Wimbledon. Wimbledon trophy and a Silver medal.  Thanks for everything. See you in SW19 in 2013!, Really looking forward to playing in Wimbledon the second time this year!, http://youtu.be/9iODAoo141M, Check out the new wallpaper Wilson made for you to use., Check out the new wallpaper Wilson made for you to use., 287 weeks - thanks so much for your support!, Thanks for all your guesses everyone. Looks like @niketennis made me a special pair of Vapor 9’s to celebrate the #1 record! They made 287 limited edition pairs total, and some will be available for you. Very nice of these guys. Feel free to check them out @niketennis., null, Nike Tennis sent me this today. Says don’t open until Monday... Any ideas of what’s inside?, New RF fan products are available in the offical webshop: ring binders, storage boxes and exclusive silver/gold plated pins. Enjoy and thank you for supporting the Roger Federer Foundation!, Here's a behind the scenes look at me filming my latest Mercedes-Benz TV commercial. Thought you might like to see it., http://youtu.be/5oHP7bhckVs, All the votes are in and by popular demand, the winner with over 12,000 "likes" is... “Proud holder of 16 Majors, 74 Singles titles and twin daughters.” Thank you all so much for voting!, Just like last year, I'm asking my fans to choose the headline for my next Mercedes-Benz print ad, this time featuring me alongside the new 7-passenger 2013 GL, the vehicle of choice for me and my family. Whichever of the two options has the most "likes" by Thursday, will be the winner. You did such a great job helping me out last year with this, let's go two for two!, Thanks to the Weber family for naming a street after me in Halle. A true honor for me and my family!, Looking forward to the start of the French Open on Monday., Here is the full length making of video introducing the new ‘Roger Federer World Tour 2012’ ads by Credit Suisse. Great on-the-road feeling!, I was wondering what you thought looked better? Shall I wear white
 or black socks during Roland Garros?, null, Playing with some kids....., At NetJets event in Paris with Rafa!, I am excited to be in Paris for Roland Garros. I just finished my
 hit and am walking past the wall with all the players signatures who have
 played on center court., Met the soccer legend Francesco Totti of Rome yesterday before my
 match late last night!, Take a sneak peek at my new global campaign with Credit Suisse!, Enjoying a tourist bus tour in Rome. This city is amazing!, Good fun meeting fellow Gillette ambassador and Brazilian football
 star Kaka after match tonight in Madrid!, null, Madrid......, Having fun shooting the new Lindt commercial...trying hard not to
 eat too many Lindor truffles during the breaks....., Enjoy the world premiere of my TV commercial with JURA!, Looking forward to the JURA commercial. Have a look at the making-of. Will show you the final result on Tuesday., null, null, Great practice session today in Switzerland...., Produced an exciting TV commercial and enjoyed lots of coffees… World premiere: 24 April, null, It’s official! Thanks to Gillette, this year I will visit Brazil, the most important country for sports for the next years. I am very excited to finally get to know this wonderful land and spread the love of the game!, Thanks to all my loyal fans that supported me in Indian Wells this week.  I am on my way to Miami tomorrow but very excited about winning the title today!, Roger Federer gains an exclusive preview of the new Rolex Oyster Perpetual Sky-Dweller shortly before it is unveiled at the Baselworld 2012 watch fair., At MSG in the NY Ranger's locker room., Waking up "New York City" style. Very excited for the match tonight
 at Madison Square Garden! Love being in NY., In Niketown NYC trying to beat my jet lag. So far so good after a
 long trip. Checking out some gear..., Just landed in New York City from Dubai! Very excited to be in the
 Big Apple for the exo tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden., Heading to practice in Dubai with Seve and Pierre...., Great win tonight for my hometown football club FC Basel over
 Bayern Munich. So happy and congratulations to the team!!, Back in Dubai and getting ready to play the tournament next
 week....., Leaving Rotterdam now. Passed this Windmill on the way to
 airport...great week and thanks to the Dutch fans for all the amazing
 support!, So happy I won here in Rotterdam, had such a fun week. Thanks to
 all the people involved making it so special for me....., Day off in Rotterdam, having a nice walk around town., It was a tough weekend for our team in Fribourg at the Davis Cup. Our opponents played great.  Nonetheless, thanks to all the Swiss fans for their amazing, loyal and loud support and creating such a wonderful atmosphere during the entire weekend., Spent some time this morning working out on the clay...., Back in Switzerland and filming a Mercedes commercial...a lot of
 the shooting is outside and even though it doesn't look like it...it is so
 COLD!, Spent a little time today with the legend Rod Laver...the guy is amazing!  How cool is his stadium in the background???, Driving in Melbourne...., Check out my new Nike Australian Open shoe...the Air Zoom Vapor 9!
 See them when I play my first match on Monday night @ 7pm on Rod Laver
 Arena.., Here is a nice video from my partners at Wilson which describes my long relationship with them and their rackets:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn2mvu1HJWw, Stretching before practice on Rod Laver arena., I am excited to join Gillette’s team of world-class athletes and look forward to seeing everyone in London., Happy to be in Melbourne. I went for a light and easy hit and I am making good progress which is nice...., Unfortunately, I had to take the decision to pull out of semi-finals today in Doha.  I had back spasms which I don’t want to aggravate.   I am confident that with some treatment and exercise my back will recover fully., Hi everyone, watch a free live stream of my first match of the new season against Nikolay Davydenko: Tuesday, 3rd match from 12.30 pm GMT/7.30 am ET. (Territory restrictions apply), On my way to Abu Dhabi for the Mubadala WTC. Looking forward to my
 1st match tomorrow (friday) at 3pm. I am excited for the new year!, Had a day off from practice today and I headed into the desert…., Excited about my first Nike Tennis Facebook chat on Nike Tennis' Facebook page. I'll take all your questions tomorrow (Monday) at 7:30PM Melbourne / 9:30 AM CET/3:30 AM NY/ 12:30 AM PST..speak then., In my locker-room with the trophy...., Thanks to all my fans for the support this week....one more to go!, On my way in the car to the site for warm up. Looking forward to
 today's final. Very excited....., On the boat cruising down the river Thames. Going now for my
 warm-up and looking forward to the semifinals later today., Just attended a Champions League game @ Arsenal w/ Thierry Henry. I had a great time!, Asigba Mark Nyaaba Hi roger which trophy is your biggest trophy u have won so far... 
ANSWER: The biggest trophy was the trophy I won in Stockholm last year.. it was massive . The heaviest trophy I ever won was in Gstaad ( Switzerland ) I think, it was a piece of a rock, I could barely lift it. I included them on this post for you to see., Julia Bogos Fan de vous, j'essaie d'imiter votre coup droit, je n'ai pas trouver la bonne tactique, alors je m'entraine, et peut être qu'avec un peu de patience j'y arriverai!
ANSWER: Il faut essayer et y croire, ton coup droit va passer a force de repeter. Ne Sous estime pas le travail contre le mur, ca fait progresser vite aussi.
Tout de bon., Rana Badawi Roger, do we, your fans, have an impact on your motivation ? Much love and support ♥ 
ANSWER:The fans are one of the reasons why I have played so long and why I will play for many more years to come.  I have the most loyal and kind fans and all your support, love and cheers really motivate me and make all this travel and hard training so rewarding., OK--so I picked a few questions to answer-

Angie Saintyl Hi Roger. What is one of your favorite places to visit when you are in London? Best of luck in the tournament! :)  ANSWER: I love to go to The All England Club even when Wiimbledon is not taking place.  It is the place where everything in tennis began for me (winning junior wimbledon, beating Pete in 2001, winning my first grand slam and breaking the all-time GS record)., Going on the boat to the stadium for press conference and a hit....since I am doing the press conference and answering questions from the media today, I will also answer some questions from some of you so send me some questions and I will pick a few good ones to answer tonight., Just finished practice and now on my way back to the hotel.  We have the official gala tonight so I will try and take some pictures later on…., Just arrived at Lindt Headquarters in Kilchberg...the new Lindt Bear is amazing!, I am back in Zurich and I am going to go check out the last part of Gavin Rossdale's concert with my family and friends...I had a great week in Paris...thanks to all the fans for the support., I am very excited to finally get a hold of the ATP Masters 1000 Paris trophy!!!, almost at Bercy for the finals....looking fwd to a good warm up and a great match today!, My good friend Gavin Rossdale and his band Bush are performing tonight in Zurich. Hope he has a great show.  Here is a link to his latest hit.... http://youtu.be/-WEn5ubipwA, Just like in the past years, I had the opportunity to welcome members of my official fan club (fans4roger) during the Swiss Indoors last week. After they attended one of my training sessions I had time for a chat and photos and answered plenty of interesting questions.

As every year, I received a whole lot of personal gifts, letters and greeting cards. And this time I was also in for a surprise: I was handed a check over CHF 12‘818.50 for the Roger Federer Foundation. This is simply amazing and it makes me really proud to have such a loyal and active fan club. Thanks to everyone who participated in the activity and thank you all for your continued support!, My new calendar is out! We've put together a great selection of photos of the last 12 months for you to enjoy. Make sure to get your copy now, the proceeds from the calendar will go towards the RF Foundation. Thanks for the support.
https://www.rogerfederershop.com/shop.html, Great day today.  I always love playing in front of my hometown fans and winning the title for the 5th time means a lot to me.  I always enjoy the post win pizza party with my fellow ballkids!, It's the time of the year again when voting for the "ATP World Tour Fans' Favorite Award" is on. It would be great to have your help!

http://www.atpworldtour.com/Fans/Fan-Favorite/ATP-World-Tour-Award-Nominees-2011.aspx
, Here I am yesterday after practice visiting with the young up and
 coming swiss athletes that I support through Sporthilfe with my Foundation., There was a problem with the link for the Tennis Channel's Perfect Match sweepstakes....this one should work....sorry about the confusion:

http://www.tennischannel.com/perfectmatch/entry.aspx, Had a great time watching my favorite soccer club FC Basel win
 tonight!, On my way to the FC Basel game. I will try to send a pic from the stadium.  So nice to be back in my hometown.  I play Monday...., To all my fans in the USA….want to meet me at the terrific Lindt Chocolate Factory in Zurich, Switzerland?  Please enter Tennis Channel’s Perfect Match sweepstakes for your chance to win at http://www.tennischannel.com/perfectmatch.com/.  Good luck and maybe I will see you in Zurich., I am back in Basel getting ready for my hometown tournament. I
 stopped by today at the tennis club I grew up at and this is the wall I hit
 against for hours and hours when I was young and just starting to play
 tennis., Thought you'd enjoy this FB campaign from Credit Suisse: Watch the different film endings, vote for your favorite one and meet me in London!
www.facebook.com/creditsuisse?sk=app_270606399640093
, I’m playing an exo in NYC at MSG on March 5, 2012. If you want to buy tix before they go on sale to the public, between now and Sunday, October 2nd at 11:59pm ET  you can go to http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/1D00471282A53C9E and use presale code FEDERER . Hope to see you there!, Leaving Australia...I had a great time in Sydney, I love Australia and can't wait to be back in January for the Australian Open!, With the opera house...., null, I just landed in Sydney, Australia. Looking forward to helping
 Switzerland get back into the Davis Cup world group!, 5:40pm---Just finished practice and I am going to go over to the
 nike store on site at us open to quickly chat with the fans...come say hi., Getting in an early hit at tennis center before the hurricane hits
 NYC. I am hoping everyone up and down the east coast of the USA is OK.
 Please be careful..., Hi everyone. Come see me this morning at 9:45am EST at Mercedes-Benz Manhattan (770 11th Avenue). I’ll be giving away tickets to the US Open to help kick off the Tweet Rally to the 2011 US Open sponsored by Mercedes-Benz. We’ll have other prizes and fun things to do while we’re there, too. Get there early, though – the tickets will go fast! See you soon!, I'm going to be in Manhattan on Wednesday to give away tickets to the US Open to help start the Tweet Rally to the 2011 US Open sponsored by Mercedes-Benz. I’ll let you know exactly where I’ll be and when on Wednesday morning at 6:30 am Eastern time. I hope you can come say hello!, In NYC..love the big apple. Very happy to be here as there is so much energy and excitement for the US Open...., Check out the Toxic Frog.....very cool amphibian!, Was at Zoo. Saw Vegetarian Piranhas, didn't know they existed. They looked calm and (somewhat) friendly... Haha!, Went nearby the old Montreal olympic site from 1976, thought I
 would take a picture., In Montreal with a bit of jet lag so I went on an early morning
 walk in the Old Town before my practice. Looking fwd to next week., On my way to practice & since I am running a bit late, decided to
 take the ferry across the lake to save some driving time., This is seriously cool art!, In Bern having a nice time with the Swiss Davis Cup team, walked
 through the city earlier today., Today was a special day, played a good match and had the chance to
 catch up with the great indian cricket star Sachin Tendulkar., check this video out....very cool., Rain, Rain go away it almost time to start to play!, Long day at courts today with press and a lot of rain, but got the
 hit in which was great. Feeling good. I will play my first match Tuesday., Thought you'd enjoy this video....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUCobDz7aec&feature=channel_video_title, Here is a picture from practice today in Paris..., Getting in a little practice in Paris today...., Arrived in Madrid. Looking forward to playing next week., We just filmed the new global TV spot for Credit Suisse. Check out the teaser, I'm already looking for to release the whole thing! It was a lot of fun, especially being in the pool., Getting ready for my match in Monte Carlo and caught a glimpse of
 the Queen Mary 2 coming into the harbor. I think it is the largest ocean
 liner ever built., Getting ready for my match in Monte Carlo and caught a glimpse of
 the Queen Mary 2 coming into the harbor. I think it is the largest ocean
 liner ever built., Playing tomorrow not before 1:30pm. Maybe some rain in the air so it could be a long day.  Hope to see some of you in Monte Carlo!, Good to be back on clay. I am happy to be playing at the Rolex
 Masters here in Monaco and on to the next round..., All the votes are in and by popular demand, the winner with over 18,000 "likes" is... “The Roger Federer of automobiles meets the Mercedes-Benz of tennis.” Thank you all so much for voting!, Mercedes-Benz asked me to choose the headline for their newest print ad and I need your help... It's for the new 2012 CLS, what an amazing machine!
Whichever of the three options has the most “likes” by Friday, April 1st will be the winner. I know all of you will make a great choice! Thanks for your assistance..., Chella Johnson Gehrett asked: I was so excited to see you in Eugene! What did you think of the venue? The Matthew Knight Arena was amazing.  I thought the venue was state of the art and  the fans (and Duck fans especially) were really energetic and it was a lot of fun to play there. The atmosphere was perfect...., John Baldwin asked: Do you enjoy tennis as much as you did say... five years ago? I do love tennis just as much if not more.  The travel, the excitment of playing in front of packed center courts and the challenge of playing new players all the time is a wonderful thrill and I look fwd to doing it for many more years to come., Philippe Chan asked: What kind of food do you enjoy most? I love many different cuisines and I love trying new things when we travel around to different countries, but I especially like italian and a great home cooked swiss meal!, Getting ready to head to the courts for practice..., I have to do my pre-tournament press today on site in Key Biscayne.  I thought I would also do a Q+A for my fbook fans as well so if you write in some questions, I will pick a few to answer by the end of the day., Coming on site today for practice on center court at 3pm.  Hope to see some of you out there at the site., The sun is shining! In Miami getting ready for Key Biscayne. Looking forward to another Masters 1000 event., I though you might enjoy some pictures of the Nike Clash of the Champions I played this week., Had a great hit today with Pete Sampras...., I thought you'd enjoy this behind the scenes video of a photo shoot I did late last year with Mario Testino for a new global ad campaign for Credit Suisse., Just got to Los Angeles for some days of training before Indian Wells....trying to organize a couple of hits with the "pistol"..., They won't let me take a picture but they are about to let me take
 it for a ride......., Just started filming a Mercedes-Benz commercial...it's with the
 2012 SLS AMG Roadster. Awesome machine! They won't let me take a picture
 with it as its not being publicly debuted until June. Security is tight. I
 might try later., In Dubai for the tournament. I am very excited to play my first
 match tomorrow. I had a great break and build up...., Went to the Melbourne Zoo today with the kids. Loved the kangaroos!, With Kim Clijsters and Sam Stosur about to go on court....Rafa on
 his way., About to go on court for the Rally for Relief...., Just got this from Tennis Australia: "The fundraising has already ramped up for tomorrow’s Rally for Relief. Queensland Energy Resources has pledged to match dollar for dollar everything raised in the Rally for Relief."  This is great news and tomorrow should be a lot of fun for a great cause!, Tickets will be available starting today at 3pm at Ticketek (www.ticketek.com.au) or by going to the Melbourne Park Box Offices/Fed Square Box Office  - today till 5.00pm/Friday-Sunday 9.00am-5.00pm. Thanks for supporting this great cause!, This Sunday at 2p on Rod Laver Arena we are going to do a charity match called "Rally for Relief" to help raise money for the relief efforts for the devastating floods in Queensland. Lots of the games stars will participate. It should be a lot of fun., The floods here in Australia are devastating! I am on my way to practice now and am going to speak with Tennis Australia to see if we perhaps can organize something on Sunday to help raise some funds for the people of Queensland who have been affected…stay tuned as it would be great if the sport of tennis can help out right before the Australian Open begins., I am excited about the win today in Doha and now we are on our way
 heading down under to Australia!", Had a great experience playing on a water court promoting the new season of the atp, wanted to share some pics with all of you.., null, null, null, null, null, null, Starting the year tomorrow with my first match in Abu Dhabi. Spent
 some of the day doing a kids clinic and signing autographs., I would like to take this opportunity to wish all my fans around the world a Merry Christmas and a happy and healthy holiday time!, Here is a nice recap of the "Match for Africa" and all the events in Zurich., On my way out of Madrid with great memories, I had a wonderful time here in Madrid playing for Rafa's foundation. Thanks to Rafa and his family for the great hospitality...., Taping my ankles before the match. Rafa and I just had a visit from
 the Royal family including the Queen, Prince Felipe and his wife Princess
 Letizia., At press conference in Madrid to kick off the day today for Rafa's charity event., Just landed in Madrid. On our way to give an interview with Rafa for Spanish TV., Thanks to rafa for coming to Zurich. We raised a lot of money. On
 plane now to Madrid., Wow, it's already over - just went too fast. Looking forward to playing in Madrid!, Doing the press conference. I can hardly believe we were able to raise 2.5 Million Swiss Francs with this event! Thank you so much to everyone who helped us achieve this., It was awesome to play Rafa here in Zurich in front of such a great crowd., What an atmosphere in the stadium tonight!, Getting ready for the match in the locker room..., Catch us live at the Match for Africa on ESPN2 at 2:30 pm., Getting taped and having a chat with DJ Bobo., Rafael and myself are doing a kids clinic in the Hallenstadion., Just arrived at the event venue, just about to get onto court with Rafa to hit a few balls., Just picked up Rafa at the airport. Looking forward to lunch together in town., The perfect set of wheels for a smooth trip to the airport..., Doing some interviews on the shores of Lake Zurich - very cold! On my way to picking up Rafa at the airport., Today is the Match for Africa here in Zurich! Busy day...just
 started with an interview with CNN..., At the Credit Suisse Match for Africa party, I am really excited about the match on Tuesday and playing Rafa in
 front of my "home" crowd. Should be a fun couple of days in Zurich. Time to
 go to bed! Ciao., Back home in Switzerland. Certainly a lot colder than it was in
 Dubai., Just got this picture from the event team in Zurich of the court
 being set up for tuesdays event....should be a great match with Rafa!, On my way in the car to the airport to fly to Switzerland for the
 exhibition..., This is the TV promo from Swiss TV for The Match For Africa taking place this Tuesday in Zurich. The match will be televised around the world and I will try and post all the stations around the world that will be carrying it.  You can also catch it on Tennistv.com......., Slowly getting ready to get back to a snowy Switzerland tomorrow
 for the Match For Africa on Tuesday. I'm looking fwd to it very much., Just finishing one of my practices today...getting ready for the exos next Tuesday and Wednesday vs Rafa in Zurich and Madrid., My official fan calendar is available in my online-fanshop. We've chosen 13 great images of the past year for you to enjoy. Proceed from the sales of the calendar go towards the Roger Federer Foundation. Make sure to get yours now!, Here in London going on the transfer  to the 02 for practice...
 unusual but cool. Will send you all a pic later from the boat....., Here I am creating my own chocolate tablet......, Just started some interviews at the Lindt lighting event!, Today I will be at Lindt Chocolate in Kilchberg (near Zurich) for the Christmas Lighting of the Chocolate Factory. It should be a great event.  Come join us at 7pm for the big ceremony!  Live updates and pictures will be on Lindt Chocolate World. Link to page: http://www.facebook.com/lindtchocolateworld, Its that time of year to vote for th ATP fan favorite award. If you are interested in voting, go to: http://www.atpworldtour.com/Fans/Fan-Favorite/Fan-Favourite-Voting.aspx, Out and about in rainy Paris, standing at Place Vendome and
 enjoying a walk around this amazing city before I start playing tomorrow
 night., Very happy about winning today in my hometown.  Here's a shot  from
 the pizza party I had with my fellow Basel ball kids. I was a ball boy years
 ago and will never forget the fun I had doing it., Just took this shot of Basel while I was taking a walk with my
 girls in my hometown. I am off today but play again tomorrow., Come and join me at the 1st Christmas Lighting of the Lindt Chocolate Factory in Switzerland on 16 November. My sponsor Lindt Chocolate invites one fan to a special Meet&Greet with me - Hope to see you there to kick off the Christmas season together.
 
Link to the contest - http://on.fb.me/lindtcontest, It snowed today in Stockholm and now its nice!, Here is the shot of the snow!, I Practiced in Stockholm this evening.  The practice was opened to the fans and there were over 4’000 people watching. It made for an exciting and interesting practice!  Lots of fun and I even hit with some young kids at the end., I just landed in Sweden. Weather is a bit cooler here. I am really
 excited to be in Stockholm and looking forward to playing on Thursday., Here I am with "Haibao", the World Expo 2010 Shanghai Mascot, after practice earlier today., Just arriving for practice in Shanghai at one of the coolest tennis
 stadiums in the world., Doing some interviews with over 50 Chinese media at the
 Mercedes-Benz Swing For The Stars event in Shanghai., Great to be back in Shanghai! I missed being here last year and I am looking forward to playing in front of my Chinese fans next week. Fbook is tought to access in china but I will try and post a few pictures if I can.  Thanks!, Check out my new 'airport' TV commercial by Lindt! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NChuiwwpr6Q&NR=1, Goreti Faria: If you could choose a tennis player (ever) to play against in a grand slam final, who would that player be? 

Here’s what I am thinking tonight..I would probably choose to play Borg @ Roland Garros,  Laver @ the Australian Open, Edberg @ Wimbledon and McEnroe @ the US Open., last one and then I have to go to sleep...., Richard Hayes: Hello Roger.. So excited for this years U.S. Open. Make it #17. Just wondering if you can dunk a basketball? 

I can dunk a tennis ball (not a basketball), but I must admit, I can’t do anything like the NBA dudes.  I am going to stick to tennis!, Joan Girardi: Roger, Your outfits are amazing. There is always a theme for every slam. Are you involved in the designs or any aspect of it? Yes. I spend a lot of time with the designers at Nike discussing the outfits and trying to come up with creative ideas for each slam. Check out the shoes I’ll wear during US Open day matches (it has the NY skyline on them)!, time to answer a few questions......, I'm really excited to announce a charity tennis match that I will 
be doing in Zürich on December 21st - Rafa has graciously agreed to play
 with me! I hope you enjoy this short video announcing the event., I think it is time again to answer a few questions from my fans on facebook. So write me some questions you want answered and I will do my best to pick a couple of them to answer before the US Open begins! Thanks., Just a few hours till the Primetime Knockout Event! If you can’t make it to NYC, don’t worry! Tune into the livestream on the @Nike Tennis page at 8:00PM EST to watch me play!http://www.facebook.com/niketennis?v=app_141571239216347, Back in the big apple. Got to new york city today. I love this
 city. There is so much energy!, Don't try this at home!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTl3U6aSd2w, In cincy and all going well.  I play my first match on Wednesday night. Thanks for all the support., I am really excited about this new sweepstakes I’m doing with LINDT Chocolate. Get the chance to win some great prizes including a trip to a tennis event in NYC or even a trip to meet me in Switzerland for the LINDT Holiday Lighting Ceremony! Go to www.lindtusa.com to learn more and play!, We are celebrating Charlene Riva and Myla Rose's first birthday today! 
We are currently staying in Switzerland and are having a great time 
together. We will be enjoying a birthday party later today which will 
certainly be a treat for our two little ones.



We would like to thank all fans and friends for your gifts, cards and 
nice words for Charlene and Myla. We are very grateful to receive all 
your support.



All the best and see you soon

Roger and Mirka, Check out the Mercedes Benz tv spot for their new SLS - this is one amazing car!, You can be the first to see my new Wilson commercial. Go to Wilson Tennis' Facebook page and enjoy! 
http://www.facebook.com/WilsonTennis#!/video/video.php?v=124896520880137&ref=mf, null, By qualifying last year I can now invite you to join a special pre-sale ticket alert group to The Final Showdown. You can obtain an exclusive passcode to secure the best seats before tickets go on sale to the public.  Hope to see you in London this November!

http://www.facebook.com/ATPWorldTour?v=app_7146470109, Back on the red clay, been practicing fitness and tennis and I am really excited 
for the upcoming stretch of tournaments!, I am back on the clay!, Back on the court in Indian Wells today. Felt great to hit as it was the first hit I had in 2 and a half weeks., I am feeling really good again and I was happy to hear from my doctor today that I have the green light to start working out again so I plan to try and play in Indian Wells next week. Thanks for the well wishes., I've been following the Olympics in Vancouver and it's been amazing to see the Swiss Olympic team have so much success. It's been fun and exciting to watch all of them in action...., Here is another picture. Ethiopia was a beautiful country and the people were so kind and gentle., Here is a shot from today when I visited the project i support in Ethiopia. It was touching to see the impact my foundation has had on the lives of these kids.  I had a great time., I am on my way to visit one of the projects that I support in Ethiopia.  But before I left home yesterday, the Austrian Postal Service presented me with a stamp.  It was a nice honor., From my hotel window I can already see a huge line at federation  square waiting to buy tickets for the 'hit for haiti' exo later today.  Australians are great! Should be fun., We've added a great new feature to my  facebook account: the Nike LookBook. Simply click onto the "Nike Oz LookBook"  tab on my fanpage and you can take a look at the latest Nike apparel I'm wearing  Down Under. You can also order the items by following the "Available Now" link.  Enjoy!, Tomorrow at 2pm, with other top players, we are going to have a fun exo at Melbourne Park to help raise monies for relief efforts in Haiti from the devastating Earthquake.  Entry fee is a minimum donation of $10. Should be fun and its for a great cause.  Hope to see some of you there!, Cool picture from last week when I played tennis on Yas Race Track in Abu Dhabi, Many friends and fans have asked for an updated picture of our girls so we thought we'd post this picture for the holiday season. Our entire family wishes you a safe and happy 2010!, I am excited for the Credit Suisse Sports Awards on sat. night.  This is the biggest annual awards show in Switzerland. 2009 was an exciting yr for me on the ct after having won my 1st French Open, breaking Sampras’ all-time gs record at Wimbledon and regaining the #1 ranking. I cannot be there as I am in training in warm weather, but I will do a live interview so I will at least have a chance to be part of the show., I just finished my vacation after the ATP Finals in London and had a very nice and relaxing break. I started working out again today and I am looking forward to a lot hard work in the next weeks to get ready for 2010.  Next year will be very exciting….., For a few years now, I have created an annual fan calendar with all the proceeds going to my foundation which helps those less fortunate, mostly in Africa. It is now available in my fan-shop: www.rogerfederershop.com/en. There are some cool pictures from the last 12 months. I hope you enjoy!, In London now for the ATP World Championships. I took this picture from the boat we took back from practice earlier today at the 02.  This arena is amazing and will be great for tennis.  Its always exciting to play in a new arena, especially one this big. Hope to see some of you at the O2!, null, I Just entered into a long term partnership with Credit Suisse., null, Hello from Paris. I am playing tomorrow night at Bercy.Today I went to practice at Roland Garros. I have so many great memories from this place a few months ago when I won my first French Open.Walking around the grounds was very special for me and it was great to be back.The fans were amazing during the FO and I really hope I can get past my best showing here which is a qf. Hope to see some of you out at Bercy., This is my 2010 schedule.  It is obviously subject to change.  I hope to see some of you at a stop around the world:  Abu Dhabi Exo, Doha, Australian Open, Dubai, Indian Wells, Miami, Rome, Estoril, Madrid, Roland Garros, Halle, Wimbledon, Toronto, Cincinnati, U.S. Open, Shanghai, Basel, Paris and if I qualify, the ATP World Tour Finals in London. Exact dates for these events can be found at rogerfederer.com, null, I have been back practicing and training now for some time and all is going well. I feel much better.  I am looking forward to playing my hometown tournament in Basel .  I have also had a chance to spend some amazing time with my family.  Myla and Charlene are doing great. After training yesterday, Mirka and I took them for a walk along Lake Zurich.  I am always excited to be back in Switzerland!, I'm disappointed that I have to withdraw from Tokyo and Shanghai as they are two of my favorite cities in the world and the fans have been great to me over the years.  After consultation with my team and doctors, I decided to take the difficult decision to withdraw from both tournaments so that I can give my body a chance to rest, rehabilitate and fully recover from a physically challenging year., null, This Wednesday from 10:15am to 10:45am I'll be at Nike's "Game. Set. NYC" event on 23rd and Broadway in Manhattan. They are going to lay down a tennis court and I am going to try and answer a few questions from a true New Yorker….John McEnroe!  I hope to see you there as I prepare for the US Open. Take care and thanks for all the support., As promised, here is a family picture that my dad took.  He thinks he's becoming a professional photographer.  It was very funny as both girls had the hiccups while we were trying to take a decent picture.  The girls and mom are doing great.  Thanks for all your warm wishes., Mirka, Myla and Charlene are all doing really well.  The baby girls are doing new things every day and are a lot of fun. Hopefully, before the end of this week, I will charge my camera and have my Dad or someone take some pictures so I can share one with , I have some exciting news to share with you: Late last night, in Switzerland, Mirka and I became proud parents of twin girls!  We named them Myla Rose and Charlene Riva and they are both healthy and along with their mother, they are doing great.  This is , Yesterday I was in Basel and was given the award "Ehrespalebärglemer".This award is given to persons (born or living in Basel) who carry the City Basel in a positive sense beyond its borders and makes the city well known. This was a huge honor for me as Basel means so much to me. I had a chance to see so many family, friends and fans.  It was very special that so many members of my fan club came to this event., On Monday, Nike arranged for Rio Ferdinand to come by and interview me about the Wimbledon win and a few other things. It made a nice change to speak with a fellow athlete. I didn't know Rio before, but he was a cool guy and good fun. Check out this trailer, the full interview will go up on YouTube in the next few days., null, so excited and thank you for the support!!! more to come soon..., null, Having good support from coaches is important and they will help you lead the way. I know that it is a cliché, but there is no substitute for hard work and dedication.  This is vital., Dear Michael-Obviously, passion is key, coordination is important as well so to also mix in different sports is a good idea. But keep an eye on what you could improve physically already and see where your potential is so you can work on your weaker points, Final question as I have to hit the sack now: Allison Wilson Ogden at 6:59pm June 30 Hi, i am a national level tournament player in the 12s. What do you think is the most important part of my game to develop at this age. This is my moms fb page. Michael O, I have not yet had a chance to play a match under the roof, but I am excited to do so in the future.  The days of rain delays are now over!, Dear Laura- I think the new center court roof is great.  The AELTC was able to keep the old, traditional elements of center court intact and add a very modern element..the roof!  Tennis has become so global and it is now great that many of the fans who co, This is the second question I selected: Laura Polding at 6:40pm June 30 1. How do you feel about the new Centre Court roof?, But, I don’t like to think about life after tennis as I am enjoying the sport so much now  and don’t see stopping anytime soon., Dear Suzana- When I stop playing tennis, which I hope will not be for a very long time, I plan to dedicate a lot of time to my foundation. I will also get involved with some businesses I enjoy and try to continue to give back to tennis. I will also try to, This is the 1st question I selected to answer: Suzana Knezevic at 6:26pm June 30 What do you plan to do when you stop playing tennis and retire???, I spend a lot of time doing press with the professional "questioners", but I thought today I would answer a few questions from my fans on facebook.  So write me some questions you want answered and I will do my best to pick a couple of them to answer!, Thank you to all of my fans that have posted messages of support on www.niketennis.com/rf.  I appreciate the kind messages of support and encouragement.  You are all amazing and thanks for all the continued support as I head into the second week of Wimbledon., null, Here is the full kit I will be playing in during The Championships.  Thanks for all the support and great messages....keep them coming., Here’s a picture of the jacket I’ll be wearing on court this year - I love that it’s more contemporary whilst still looking clean and sophisticated. Tomorrow morning I’ll try to post my full outfit....., Nike came over this week and presented me with my new Wimbledon kit – check in tomorrow for a sneak preview of what I’ll be wearing this year during The Championships., I snuck on to center court this afternoon to get a first hand look at the court with the new roof...I made sure I got a picture to share with all of you. Wimbledon is awesome!  There is no place like it in the world!, Check out my new Rolex TV spot that will start to air soon.  It was not easy playing tennis in a suit!, I arrived in London today to get ready for The Championships.  Wimbledon has so much history and tradition, to walk thru the grounds on the days before the tournament starts is inspiring and breathtaking.  It was a great afternoon and hitting on the grass, I am still riding the happy wave from Paris. I have been catching up with family and friends in Switzerland and started to work out a couple of days ago.  Today I hit on grass for the first time. It was great to be on the grass and I cant wait to get to W, This is a fun spot Nike put togther after I won Roland Garros! I hope you enjoy it! Thanks for the wonderful notes!, null, introduce you to a new friend..., Tough match against Tommy Haas….If any of you were in the stadium today, I would like to thank you for your support + cheers.  It definitely helped me in the tough moments.  Speak again soon and thanks for all the nice comments…, null, I am now in paris and getting ready for the French Open. This city is amazing! I am playing an practice exo tomorrow against Stan Wawrinka at the Paris Country Club.  The match is at 1:30pm and I believe they will show it on Eurosport. I have enjoyed read, I will travel to Paris early next week to make sure I am perfectly prepared.  Thanks for all the support. I will try and post a video later next week…..Roger, Snapping his winning streak on clay has been a very difficult task but I take pride in knowing I have done in twice now. The Spanish fans were clearly rooting for nadal but they were very respectful and are great fans. We all celebrated a bit after but mo, It was a wonderful win today! Getting a Master Series 1000 title has been really important to me after not winning one last year. And winning one on clay against Nadal in Spain is massive!, I play nadal tomorrow in the finals at 4pm (Madrid time). Looking forward to the match.  It is the first time we are playing an ATP match in Spain so it should be exciting. Hope to see a few of you in the stands tomorrow!  Thanks for all the support., Thanks for the great recommendations!  It ended up getting too late after I stretched so I ate in the room… but I will try one of the suggested restaurants hopefully tomorrow night.  I play Roddick Friday (not before 2pm) so I am off to bed.  Later…., I think I am in the mood to get out of the hotel tonight for some dinner.  Any recommendations for a great restaurant in Madrid? -Roger, So this was the second "coach" spot Nike filmed. It would be fun if I could actually play a guitar like that!, Dear Fans-I had the day off today in Madrid so all I did was practice and work out.  I will play my next match tomorrow. I play against James Blake. The match is the 2nd match of the day....the match before ours starts at 12pm (Madrid time).   Later, Roge, Dear Fans-I arrived in Spain late last week to get ready to play in the Madrid event.  My first match is tomorrow night at 8pm (Madrid time) vs Robin Soderling. I am looking forward to a great week. Hope everyone is well. -Roger, If you are ever looking to learn how to play tennis, make sure this guy is not your coach!!!! I hope you enjoy this Nike spot as much as I enjoyed filming it., Yesterday in Rome, before the start of this week’s Masters 1000 event, myself and several other ATP players played practice matches to honor our fellow player, Federico Luzzi, who died suddenly last year of a blood disorder.  All the monies raised yesterday went to FedeLux, the charity his family started.  I am pictured with his Mom and Dad after they presented me with this cool t-shirt., It was fun filming this spot for Gillette... I still can’t believe they convinced me to wear these ridiculous shoes... its nice sometimes to have some fun with the boys!, null, null)