List(When it comes to delicious tacos, we don't fool around., Big "thank you" goes out to Timmy K. for the shining Yelp review! Check it out! http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:Q8xpskBSi3EHPDBhJb1Kzg, On a scale of 1 to "I'm on my way," how good do some Dorado Tacos sound today?, Currently (and always) accepting testimonials! If you have a minute, please let us know how we're doing! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, "You got your picture, Mom. Can we go to Dorado Tacos now?", Chip dip dilemma: fresh salsa or homemade guacamole? We can't decide!, Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Fingers crossed there's a pot o' guac at the end of the rainbow today., Losing an hour of sleep is hard, but tacos help., If your weekend plans don't involve tacos, you might be doing weekends wrong., What's the best place in Boston to take our tacos for a picnic?, Get to know us even better on our mobile-friendly site! From tweets to Yelp reviews, we're an open book: doradotacosboston-hub.com, Raphael Y., thanks for letting us know what you think! Check out the great review: http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:CVOBbTZLGDVGv93sCDnpHQ, The stars aligned -- you're coming to our place., Thank you, Leap Day, for one more chance to eat a cemita., Have a minute? We'd love to hear about your best experience with us! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, The Great Dip Debate: Which side are you on?, It's called the Original because it stands the taste of time., Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, We'd make a joke, but we don't want to be corny. Thanks for the pic, sanahash.xo!, Already on our email list? 'Share' this post and spread the word! (Not on our list? Sign up now!), He said he liked it spicy ..., That's saying a lot!, Go ahead -- cross them both off., Are you reading this post on your phone? Our new mobile-friendly site was built for you: doradotacosboston-hub.com, "And ... It's good!"
(Thanks for the photo, hercampus!), Jennifer M. took a trip to Yelp and had some great things to say about us! Thanks, Jennifer M.! http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:98TNv_WhzZrQjNKEWbrzpw, Some words of encouragement from our mutual friend., If you had just 30 seconds to recommend us to a friend, what would you say? doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, We're pretty sure that's what he said., True or true?, 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @doradoboston!

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Want to stay up-to-date? Join our email list for exclusive info:, In queso you didn't know., Did we get your attention?
(Photo: Mackenzie Devlin), "I really regret eating tacos today," said no one ever., The fifth element., Want to skim our tweets while browsing our Yelp reviews? Now you can! Check it out. doradotacosboston-hub.com, Well, would you look at the time., We're always happy to hear from you. Huge thanks to Stephanie A. for making our day! http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:zrceZkDOl2d1qJgqMQhdkA, Mark Twain: The original DJ Khaled., What makes you a fan of what we do? Respond here, and we may feature your answer on our site! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, New year. Same great food., Here's lookin' at you, 2016!, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Our wish for you this holiday season!, $1.99 Baja fish tacos from now to close? Wednesdays have never looked so good., Come on, mouse!, The force is strong with this one:, The "are you going to finish that" face., Whether you're at home or on the go, our mobile-friendly site will always be there for you. (No download necessary!) doradotacosboston-hub.com, Sounds like a successful year to us!, Donald S. had a great experience with us. Feel free to let us know what you think! http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:pF0ajbdoCT-mgs54W0nmOw, Wednesday might just be our favorite day of the week., Hey, if you've got it, flaunt it. #gogirl, We're gathering testimonials for our new mobile-friendly site. Just respond here, and your comments may be featured! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, Is it bedtime yet?, Turkey talk: What's your favorite kind of leftovers sandwich? 
A. The Simplest: Turkey, mayo, white bread 
B. The Classic: Stuffing, turkey, cranberry sauce 
C. The Wildcard: Sweet potatoes, ham, mushrooms, gravy
D. The Everything: This one has everything, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, There's no love like local love. Thanks for the support, Boston!, For the friends and family who make our house a home, we are truly thankful. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!, Your favorite day of the week is here. $1.99 Baja fish tacos from 3 PM to close!, Your face when you realize you left your to-go box on the seat next to you:, Grabbing a bite with us is always in season., On your smartphone? Cruise on over to our new mobile-friendly site! doradotacosboston-hub.com, All you need is love. Well, and tacos., Blair P. paid Yelp a visit and paid us a compliment! Thanks, Blair P.! Take a look at this: http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:e2oMQMmnnOWVkiBcp7qfhw, Thank you to our veterans!, Sink your teeth into this awesome special today at 3!, Have a minute? We'd love to hear about your best experience with us! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, Perhaps we should consider starting some sort of club., Soup season is officially upon us -- rejoice!, Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, May you and your families' holiday be heavy on the treats, light on the tricks. Happy Halloween, everybody!, Want to stay up-to-date? Join our email list for exclusive info:, That feeling when you realize Halloween is this Saturday:, #Squadgoals, When your friend suggests our place for dinner:, Check out our new mobile-friendly site! Now you can call us, get directions, and stay in touch with us, all with a couple taps of your finger. doradotacosboston-hub.com, It's a scientific fact that people who eat with us are richer, smarter, and better looking than people who don't. Can't argue with science!, Shout out to Chantel J. for leaving us a review on Yelp. Check out what they had to say: http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:rLi2uvMqLHorqvstHhTUXA, Just a little something to get you through your Monday., Leaving us a testimonial is easy—just respond here! We'd love to hear from you. doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, When someone tries to take away your food before you're done:, Warm up this fall with our chicken tortilla soup!, Tacos: A lunch you can rely on., Tweet much? Thought so. Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, We're all about making your life easier! Hop on our email list so you can stay in the loop:, People who don't believe in magic haven't had tacos., Here's to spreading some local love to the best neighbors we could ask for!, Gotta love teq-- we mean pumpkin season!, Autumn is upon us! What's your favorite part of the season?
a. Sweater weather 
b. Pumpkin spice everything
c. The festive feel 
d. Other, Want to skim our tweets while browsing our Yelp reviews? Now you can! Check it out. doradotacosboston-hub.com, Always good to take care of the precious cargo!, Brian S., thanks for letting us know what you think! Check out the great review: http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:Iz8haZ16urSgHvj6ndOPNg, Step into our office., Got a second? Tell us what makes you a fan, in 10 words or less!  doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, Today, our hearts are with those affected by the events of September 11th., We hope today is relaxing for you and your families!, The unofficial last weekend of summer is upon us! Any fun plans for your three days off?, Beat that late summer heat with fish tacos, grilled local sweet corn, and an ice-cold Mexican beer!, Can't get enough? Join our email list for updates:, When your friends get lunch without you., You'll eat like a king with our DIY Taco Feast!, This just in: Miracles do happen., Let's keep in touch! Prioritize our Facebook page to stay in the loop., We put you first—that's why our new mobile-friendly site is all about connecting with our fans: doradotacosboston-hub.com, Not all superheroes wear capes., Tyler H. paid Yelp a visit and paid us a compliment! Thanks, Tyler H.! Take a look at this: http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:TMeLczycsdLzbx54tOC3aw, "I'm not really hungry. Let's skip the guacamole?" -- Former friends of ours., Have a minute? We'd love to hear about your best experience with us! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, Does anyone have an extinguisher? Because these tacos are fire., We'll always be there to catch you, tacos. Always., 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @doradoboston!

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, True or false: Whenever it looks like I'm deep in thought, there's a 99% chance I'm really thinking about what to eat next., Exclusive updates, perks, news-our email list has it all. Sign up today:, Three little tacos sitting in a tree. One for you, and two for me!, The time has come at last! What are you looking forward to most this weekend?, Which do you check first?, Check out our new mobile-friendly site! Now you can call us, get directions, and stay in touch with us, all with a couple taps of your finger. doradotacosboston-hub.com, Almost too pretty to eat ... almost., We're always happy to hear from you. Huge thanks to Kim H. for making our day! http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:__X-bJfR2Qu9YAtQ4aZCxg, That moment when you see your tacos for the first time:, Leaving us a testimonial is easy—just respond here! We'd love to hear from you. doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, From start to finish, our corn is fresh and delicious! We buy from the Sycamore Farms farm stand., In honor of the day, we'd love to know: How long have you lived in the area?, Not a bad way to beat the heat., 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @doradoboston!

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, If you're having food problems, I feel bad for you, son., Our fans mean everything to us, and we want to give you the best. Sign up today for our exclusive email list:, Best tacos in Beantown? We're honored. Thanks for the love, Improper Bostonian. :), "You went to Dorado and you ... didn't invite me?", We always appreciate feedback from our customers! Take a look at what Ryan has to say! doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonials-feed, May your grills be hot and drinks be cold today! We hope it is filled with family and friends. Happy 4th, everyone!, Made you look., Meet our new addition: Dorado Bowls! This beauty can even be prepared vegan or vegetarian (plus, it's gluten-free)., Whether you're at home or on the go, our mobile-friendly site will always be there for you. (No download necessary!) http://doradotacosboston-hub.com, Fill in the blank: It's impossible to be sad with one of our ___________ in hand., Chelsey A. took a trip to Yelp and had some great things to say about us! Thanks, Chelsey A.! http://yelp.com/biz/H5yBTb8xiwRsEv6k0YpIQA#hrid:NuxCPyRAouLrfWD4xigjvg, If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen... and get some tacos at our place. You're welcome., We've got you covered, Mr. Walken., What makes you a fan of what we do? Respond here, and we may feature your answer on our site! http://doradotacosboston-hub.com#testimonial, Here's to the dads who taught us to love food and all its wonders at an early age. Happy Father's Day, everyone!, Perfect weather calls for a cold Mexican beer and some tacos outside under our umbrellas. Our Baja-style fish tacos are on special for $1.99!, Summertime, and the living is easy., Walk up in Dorado's like:, Our fans mean everything to us, and we want to give you the best. Sign up today for our exclusive email list:, When you let someone else have the last bite:, We're groovin' on a Sunday afternoon., Because this isn't even a valid question:, There are tacos, and then there's Dorado Tacos., Wishing you and your families well on this day of remembrance., Join us tomorrow from 11 AM-10 PM. We'll be featuring our Brunch Menu with breakfast tacos, quesadillas and Huevos Rancheros until 3 PM., You can fit a lot of tacos into a three-day weekend!, In a committed relationship with tacos and sunshine. (Love the photo, @susanminlee!), Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Stay with the one who makes you a better version of yourself. So, stay with tacos., Already on our email list? 'Share' this post and spread the word! (Not on our list? Sign up now!), Here's to your next great adventure., Wishing lots of love to all of the moms in your lives!, Thanks @ThrillistBoston for the love! It's awesome to be in such great company., These guys are ready to party. Happy Cinco de Mayo!, Let's celebrate with some tacos!, Let's taco 'bout tomorrow! Join us to celebrate Cinco de Mayo., The rumor that our tacos cure allergies has not been disproven., Your friends when you show up without tacos., Thank you, Earth! Without you, there would be no tacos, and then what would be the point?, Ain't nobody fresher than my clique., 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @doradoboston!

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, See you Monday, Boston -- how does brunch at our place sound?, Your fridge may not always come through for you, but we will., Have you signed up for our exclusive email list yet? Why wait any longer? Here's the link!, We're ready for spring, are you?, We have a feeling that today is going to be a great day., Cheesy, beefy, crunchy, soft, filled with veggies, in a tortilla, covered with sauce, in a bowl, on a plate ... it doesn't matter! We think all Mexican food is beautiful., Saying goodbye to that last bite can be sad, but it's also pretty beautiful., What's a juice cleanse?, Serious question: If you're not double fisting tacos, are you really eating at Dorado?, Just waiting for Prince Charming aka tacos., You're the one that I want. Ooh ooh ooh, honey., Just call us home, sweet home., The reason you should celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us! With a little luck, we'll share some good food and hearty laughter with you all., Life is full of tough choices., Okay Spring, you can come out now!, Daylight saving's optimism., Who's the lime to your tequila?, Stacks on stacks., Man, nothing feels as good as a really great workout. Except Mexican food. Mexican food feels way better., On Twitter? So are we! #sayhello

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Bird's-eye view., We're all about making your life easier! Hop on our email list so you can stay in the loop:, Hoping you spread and receive as much love as you can today!, How's YOUR lunch?? Willing to bet not as satisfying as Lance's :), Cupid, your arrow has struck again., "Are you gonna eat that last chip?", These are a few of our favorite things., Because the real reason we go to the parties is for the awesome snacks., You guys are our bread and butter!, May your hot chocolate never empty and your Netflix never stall!, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Friday: So close, yet so, so far away., Sign up for our email list today, and get the latest news, perks, and info:, Does staring at this count as watching our carbs?, Did you know double the tacos means double the life?, And the Golden Globe for Best Lunch Option goes to ..., Us, every time our food arrives., Thanks a ton, Boston Entertainment!, What's our type? Someone hot. Someone who's not afraid to spice things up. Someone who's everything good all wrapped up into one ... Oh wait. We're talking about tacos again., Queso, anybody?, Now that's a resolution we can keep., Are you a person of few words? Tweet us instead @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, This holiday season, may you eat, drink, and be merry. Best wishes from our families to yours!, The best way to spread holiday cheer, is to have some tacos with us here., Rudolph the red-nosed reinbeer., Santa baby, just slip some tacos under the tree, for me., How to make awesome tacos: 
1. Give up 
2. Order from us., "To me, you're perfect, salsa," -- tortilla chips., Sorry, we've got to take this., Sorry turkey, you had your day in the sun., Follow us on Twitter! We love talking to our fans, and we want to hear what you think on Twitter, too:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, We get to do what we love in a city we love, and it's all thanks to your support. Happy Small Business Saturday, everyone!, This year, we're so thankful for all your love and support. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!, We're simply too hungry to ponder this now., We saved you a seat., Guacamole just isn't guacamole without ___________., A sign of good things to come., We're no doctors, but this is the cutest baby we've ever seen., Meat your match., Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Hope this Halloween is no tricks and all treats!, Our email list brings updates straight to your inbox. Join and stay in the loop:, Sure, but are they organic?, We'll cheers to that!, It's getting cold out there Boston, time for some comfort food. Trade in your boring grilled cheese and tomato soup for our hot chicken tortilla soup with lime avocado garnish and a cheese quesadilla., The best time to eat Mexican food is: 
A) Morning
B) Afternoon
C) Evening
D) Any time your lungs convert oxygen into carbon dioxide, The universe has spoken., You bring a friend to Dorado Tacos for the first time. The one thing you guys have to try is our ___________., Closer than my peeps you are to me., BRB, floating away on cloud nine., You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Be patriotic. Eat tacos., "I hope she brings me tacos.", We love staying in touch with you! Join our email list for updates, specials and other info:, That's not thunder. We're just hungry., Someday, we'd really like to have abs ... olutely all the chips and guacamole., $1.99 Baja Original Fish Tacos: The price is almost as good as the taste. Available 3 PM to close!, Just reminding you: We have these., Agree or disagree: I study the menu for 10 minutes, but order the same thing every time., But first, tacos., When there are tacos on your plate, there's always ______ in your glass., If being delicious was a crime, they'd be guilty as charged., Tweet much? Thought so. Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Guac me., We're all about making your life easier! Hop on our email list so you can stay in the loop:, $1.99 Ensenada Tacos: We've got 'em. You want 'em. (3pm to close), Thanks for making it a joy to come to work every day. Have a safe and happy Labor Day!, Grub on, taco lovers., Elements of success:, Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes: crispy, soft, flour, corn, beef, chicken..., Taco Wednesday. Come get 'em. ($1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close!), It's what's on the inside that counts:, Good morning, sunshine. (Shout out to eatabl for the photo!), Did somebody say "$1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close today?" Oh, wait -- that was us. We said that., In hunger and in life, all roads lead to tacos., Tweet much? Thought so. Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, We're all about making your life easier! Hop on our email list so you can stay in the loop:, Powered by tacos:, Taco Wednesday. Time to get down on some $1.99 Ensenada Tacos. (3pm to close), "Hungry -- you are. Eat -- you must. Tacos will make you true Jedi." - Yoda, Words to live by:, Eating green is more delicious than ever with our Chopped Salad:, It's Wednesday and you know what that means...... That's right, $1.99 Baja Style Fish Taco's!!!, All we do is nom nom nom no matter what., We're saucy and we know it., We've still got a few hours till it's $1.99 Ensenada Taco time, but we're already drooling. See you at 3pm, Boston!, You can share a taco with Aziz Ansari, Conan O'Brien, or Tina Fey -- who do you choose?, Have a minute? We'd love to hear about your best experience with us!, True or true: You wish this was your dinner., Hey, Boston -- we've got some $1.99 Ensenada Tacos with your name on 'em! (3pm to close), Cemitas > Work., Tweet much? Thought so. Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Tacos. Because, Friday., Already on our email list? 'Share' this post and spread the word! (Not on our list? Sign up now!), Wednesday. You know the drill. 

(The drill = $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close.), Giving Instagrammers something to taco 'bout since 2009. (Shout out to coffeeslag for this beauty!), Live free and taco hard. Happy 4th, everyone!, Celebrate America's birthday with tacos & beer! We'll be open from 11am-5pm tomorrow (July 4th) with the World Cup games on!, Wednesday, Wednesday, gotta get down on Wednesday! And by that, we mean -- $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close!, The struggle is real., Our new mobile-friendly site was built to help us connect with you even better. Check it out:, Here, it's always taco night., It was great to see Martha F. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review!, $1.99 Ensenada Tacos after 3pm. Yep. Your Wednesday just got a whole lot better., Table envy: it's real. 

(Shout out to caitsplate on Instagram for the photo!), Got a second? Tell us what makes you a fan, in 10 words or less!, Your best friend tells you they're headed our way. What do you recommend?, Even those puppy dog eyes won't convince us to share. (Thanks to taguar_nation on Instagram for the photo!), It's the final countdown! The window for collecting entries is about to close. Enter now before it's too late!
http://on.fb.me/1jAZXGX, On Twitter? So are we! #sayhello

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Don't feel too bad -- we think you can make it up to dad with a few tacos., Welcome the warm weather with our Spanish-style Gazpacho! Made with tomatoes, sweet bell peppers, cucumber, & cilantro -- it's a vegetarian delight!, Can you hear our Ensenada Tacos calling your name? (Psst...they're only $1.99 from 3pm to close today!), Do you know what would make your next Netflix binge even better? An awesome flat screen TV. That's right. Take a minute now to put your name in the hat:
http://on.fb.me/1jAZXGX, We think you're gonna like it here., Oh hey there, Friday. It's so nice to see you again., Pick a side. Make a stand. The best taco topping is ________., On your smartphone? Cruise on over to our new mobile-friendly site!, Are you one of our local supporters? 

Then don’t miss your chance to win an incredible flat screen TV. Click to enter now: http://on.fb.me/1jAZXGX, Yes. Just, yes., Sophie P. had a great experience with us. Feel free to let us know what you think!, New for summer! Vegetarian Tomato Corn Soup with smokey guajillo chiles and red bell peppers + our Mexican style sweet corn!, Hey, taco lovers! It's your lucky day -- we've got $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close!, To our American heroes of the past, present, and future: thank you for your service! #buyasoldierataco, Do you have 60 seconds? Leave us a testimonial here, and you just may see it on our new mobile-friendly site!, The only tacos you’ll regret are the ones you’re not eating right now., We're pumped for today! Why? We've got $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close!, As a huge thank you to our customers and fans, we're hosting a sweepstakes. 

How can you win this awesome flat screen TV? Simple. Click this link and enter for your chance to win: http://on.fb.me/1jAZXGX, Ain't no sunshine when they're gone:, You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Hungry? Wanna taco 'bout it?, Can't get enough? Join our email list for updates:, It's taco Wednesday! $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm-close. Come getcha some!, We came to get down. We came to get down. So pick up some tacos and jump around!, Moms are pretty great, aren't they? Happy Mother's Day to the best gals we know!, We hope you're hungry, because our Elote is officially back on the menu! Stop by for this delicious, authentic, Mexican-style corn with mayo, lime, chili, and cotija cheese:, Now available!  ELOTE  Mexican-style grilled corn, mayo, lime, chile, cotija cheese  3.25, It's our favorite day of the week! Why? $1.99 Ensenada Tacos, of course! (3pm-close), We put you first—that's why our new mobile-friendly site is all about connecting with our fans:, Cinco De Mayo? More like Cinco De Tacos., We made lunch., Bryan W. took a trip to Yelp and had some great things to say about us! Thanks, Bryan W.!, Today is the day! $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close. Come get you some!, If you could only eat one thing on this table -- which would you choose? (Photo: margotequii on Instagram), So grateful to all of our fans. Thanks for helping us reach 900 likes!, If you had just 30 seconds to recommend us to a friend, what would you say?, Let's hear it, Brookline: tacos or cemitas?, Tacos on the patio after enduring the most long, awful winter ever? Don't mind if we do., Do your part -- today and every day. We hear they don't have guacamole on Mars either., Many thanks to the Boston Globe for the shout out on their list of pre-race fueling stations! And now for that post-race treat: http://bit.ly/1gNQuGe, It's a big day for our fair city -- Patriots Day and the 118th running of the Boston Marathon. We wish all the participants success and Godspeed!, 'Like' this post if you prefer Twitter, or 'Share' it if you prefer Facebook. Either way, follow us on Twitter @doradoboston!

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, We're sending good vibes to all those running the Boston Marathon tomorrow -- run hard, stay strong!, Money can't buy happiness. But it can buy tacos. And that's pretty much the same thing., We're all about making your life easier! Hop on our email list so you can stay in the loop:, $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3pm to close today! Come and get 'em!, Get your taste buds ready. Summer is coming:, Watch out, Lannisters. House Taco is coming for the Iron Throne:, Been there, Kevin. Been there., Whether you're on your phone, your tablet, or your PC, our mobile-friendly site was designed for you. How does it look?, Ensenada Fish Tacos for only $1.99 after 3pm today! How many can you eat?, Sorry, guys. We ran out of tacos. 

(April Fool's! Did you really think we'd let that happen to you?), We love the Red Sox almost as much as we love tacos. And we really love tacos. Happy Opening Day!, Got a second? Tell us what makes you a fan, in 10 words or less!, You and me both, kid. You and me both., Ensenada Tacos. $1.99. 3pm to close. Make it happen., Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @doradoboston:

http://twitter.com/doradoboston, Eat more tacos. They're good for the soul., First day of spring. Time for a little sunshine in our lives., Our email list brings updates straight to your inbox. Join and stay in the loop:, Ensenada Tacos for $1.99 from 3 to close today. How many can you eat?, My act of happiness today is __________. Fill in the blank and pledge your joy here: http://bit.ly/1fTXplm, Ever shared a taco with a friend? You're committing #HappyActs! Pledge your support for smiles on 3/20 right here: http://bit.ly/1fTXplm, Erik S. spoke up on Yelp, and we're so grateful! Take a look at this review., Drinking green counts as wearing it, right?, What makes us the most happy? Well, we think you can probably guess. (Spoiler alert: it's tacos.) #HappyActs http://bit.ly/1fTXplm, Be the office hero. (Hint: we cater.), Tacos: The first word that comes to mind is ________., $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3-close tonight. Want to be happy? Simply follow the tacos., Tell us why you're happy! Post it, pledge it, breathe it on 3/20:, You want some? Because you can totally have some.

(Mouthwatering photo award goes to: eatabl on Instagram), Yelp reviews? Check. Tweets? Check. We have it all on one page that's easy to read, even if you're on the go!, Dorado got the chance to participate in a Yelp event opening the NYSE! Check it out:, The + Your Favorite Protein + Your Childhood Pet = Your Signature Taco. 

Sound off below!, Feedback means a lot to us, so thanks, Jeff, for sharing your two cents. Curious? Check it out:, $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 to close today! How many can you eat in one sitting?, Many thanks to Boston Magazine for including us in their list of cheap eats! Boston truly is a drool-worthy city: http://bit.ly/1dmH06t, It's lunchtime. Make the right choice. 

(Photo cred: sydkneesandtoes on Instagram), We're so glad you "Like" us! Tell us why, and we may publish it on our site!, Whatever you're doing right now, just remember: you could be eating tacos instead., Made it halfway through the week? You definitely deserve a taco. Join us for $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 to close today!, So much meat. So much cheese. So much yum., On Twitter? So are we! #sayhello, Today is National Margarita Day and we know the perfect thing to really amp up your celebration. (Spoiler alert: it's tacos.), It's cold and dreary in Boston, but we've got just the thing to warm you up: $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 to close today!, It was great to see Michelle P. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review!, The answer is yes. It tastes just as heavenly as it looks., Happy Valentine's Day, all you taco lovers! On this day of love, we have just one question: which of our tacos has your heart?, Happy Wednesday, Brookline! Stop by to get your fill of our $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 to close today!, We have a feeling we know what your honey really wants for Valentine's Day. (Hint: it's not chocolate or diamonds):, Get to know us even better on our mobile-friendly site! From tweets to Yelp reviews, we're an open book:, Our must-watch Olympic events this year? Ice skating. Curling. Taco Eating. 

(We'll be the ones doing the eating.), It's Wednesday. You know the drill. #EnsenadaTacos #humpdaytacos, Keep your friends close. And your tacos closer., Got a second? Tell us what makes you a fan, in 10 words or less!, The best part about adulthood? You can eat tacos whenever you want., Ensenada Tacos for $1.99 from 3 to close today! Buy one or buy ten — just be sure to get your fill. #humpdaytacos, Cold weather got you down? Warm up with some Mexican Hot Chocolate made with Taza stone-ground organic hot chocolate and cinnamon:, BRB. Eating tacos., Are you in the Twitterverse? Follow us @doradoboston:, Imagine you're stranded on a desert island. Would you rather have an endless supply of tacos or an ever-lasting case of beer?, Exclusive updates, perks, news-our email list has it all. Sign up today:, Don't let the cold weather get in the way of your taco eating! We'll have $1.99 Ensenada Tacos till close tonight! #humpdaytacos, Thanks to Misha K. for singing our praises on Yelp!, Bite. Sip. Repeat., #TBT to two minutes ago when we ate these tacos and they were delicious:, You survived the Polar Vortex! Stop by to celebrate the warmer(ish) weather with $1.99 Ensenada Tacos and a cold Mexican beer from 3PM-close!, Fill in the blank! When I come to Dorado, I can't leave without ordering a ________., Want to skim our tweets while browsing our Yelp reviews? Now you can! Check it out., From our tasty tacos to our friendly service, we'll give you plenty of reasons to smile when you walk through our doors:, Happy Wednesday! Join us for $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 to close today! #humpdaytacos, Got a second? Tell us what makes you a fan, in 10 words or less!, Our New Year's Resolution? Eat more tacos. 

Who's with us?, The holidays might be over, but we've still got plenty of reasons to celebrate:, Due to impending severe weather, we'll be closing our doors at 4 PM today. Stay safe out there, Boston! http://bit.ly/1iwUTC4, 2014: The year of the taco. 

Happy New Year!, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:, You know what we think? 

You haven't had nearly enough beer and tacos this year., Sign up for our email list today, and get the latest news, perks, and info:, OPEN Today. December 26. 12:00 - 10:00 PM., Fact: Hard tacos are just soft tacos that need a hug., Your dinner awaits! Stop by for $1.99 EnsenadaTacos and a cold Mexican beer (or two) from 3PM to close tonight. #humpdaytacos, A taco's destiny: good for your belly, bad for the taco., Check out our new mobile-friendly site! Now you can call us, get directions, and stay in touch with us, all with a couple taps of your finger., Dear Santa, I know I probably deserve coal, but I'd really love some ________ tacos in my stocking this year., Today.  After 3:00 PM.  Our famous Baja Original FISH TACO.  Only 1.99., Hey there, Boston! Stop by today to treat yourself to a $1.99  Ensenada Taco from 3PM to close — you deserve it!, It's cold out there, you guys! Luckily, we have just what it takes to warm you up:, Can't get enough? Join our email list for updates:, Our PSA for the day:, Allie L. spoke up on Yelp, and we're so grateful! Take a look at this review., Happy Wednesday, Boston! Just a friendly reminder to stop by for $1.99 Ensenada Tacos today from 3 PM to close! #humpdaytacos, Today, after 3:00 PM our famous Baja-style fish taco.  Only 1.99
Crispy beer-battered Atlantic pollock, salsa fresca, cabbage, crema, Tacos > Turkey. Wouldn't you agree?, Happy Small Business Saturday! Just remember one thing today — the way to your loved one's heart is through their stomach (hint: we sell gift cards):, This Thanksgiving, we're most grateful for you guys (and tacos, of course) — thanks for all your support this year!, Start the Thanksgiving holiday off right — with tacos, of course! $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 to close tonight!, Fill in the blank: If I could ditch the turkey, I would definitely eat Dorado's _________ for my Thanksgiving meal., It's that time of the week again — $1.99 Ensenada Tacos from 3 PM to close. What's your record for most tacos during our Wednesday special?, We love hearing your input. Let us know your feedback by responding here!, Life is short. Order the third taco., Tacos are our homeboys:, Ensenada Tacos only $1.99 from 3 to close today! 

Best Day Ever? We think so., Created and perfected in Baja California, the Fish Taco is a staple at our place. Read about the Baja style's birth and rise to fame here:, I, ________ (state your name), do solemnly swear to honor, protect, & defend you, tacos, against all other diners. May the salsa be with you!, Save water. Drink Mexican beer. 

(thanks to @meganbe for the pic!), We want to talk to you on Twitter, too! Follow us:, Happy Wednesday! Don't forget to stop by to get your fill of our famous Ensenada Tacos for $1.99 — 3 PM to close tonight!, It's just a Dorado kind of day. Don't you think?, Candy for the kids...tacos for the adults...best Halloween ever? We'll be handing out candy tonight, so stop by for treats of all varieties!, Want to stay up-to-date? Join our email list for exclusive info:, Sure-fire way to win that costume contest? Dress up as everyone's favorite food, of course:, When the Red Sox last won a World Series at home, Babe Ruth, Carl Mays and Harry Hooper were the stars. If you need us tonight, we'll be eating tacos, drinking beer, and cheering our beloved team to victory!, It's that time of the week again! Ensenada Tacos for $1.99 tonight after 3 PM!, Shout out to Joe J. for leaving us a review on Yelp. Check out what they had to say:, Where there's a taco, there's a way., Fill in the blank: In my perfect world, I would eat _______ tacos for every meal., We are proud to be affiliated with the 25th Boston Jewish Film Festival. Go to a film, show your ticket stub or pass to us and get a 10% discount from us. Visit www.bjff.org for more information (Nov 6-18)., Join us today for $1.99 Baja-style fish tacos from 3 PM to close! With this cold weather, a taco and a cup of soup would be the perfect pick-me-up!, Pop Quiz! Our favorite food in the entire world is: 
a) tacos 
b) cemitas 
c) quesadillas 
d) trick question: we obviously love all of the above, Want to skim our tweets while browsing our Yelp reviews? Now you can! Check it out:, By a show of 'likes' — how many of you have experienced the pure joy that is our fresh pineapple salsa?, Sometimes, it's ok to be a quitter:, What makes you a fan of what we do? Respond here, and we may feature your answer on our site!, The temperatures are dropping and we're officially craving comfort food! Stop by for our homemade Vegetarian Pozole and a Three Cheese Quesadilla:, Dorado Tacos will be up and at 'em for Columbus Day! Come celebrate with a beer and some tacos., The best thing about the weekend? Brunch! Stop by for Huevos Rancheros, Breakfast Tacos, and Breakfast Quesadillas — Saturdays & Sundays 11-3., With the end of the harvest of local sweet corn comes the end of our Elote season. Stop by this week to get it before it's gone!, Wish you could retweet one of our posts? Well, you can! Follow us on Twitter:, You know you want some:, Happy National Taco Day! Do we even need to tell you how we'll be celebrating?, Exclusive updates, perks, news-our email list has it all. Sign up today:, Thanks to Scott K. for singing our praises on Yelp!, The tacos, the quesadillas, the friendly faces — what brought you here first and what keeps you coming back for more?, We think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship:, Want to skim our tweets while browsing our Yelp reviews? Now you can! Check it out:, Sweet dreams? Those are made of these:, Happiness served here. 

Which of our tacos keeps a smile on your face?, The starting lineup:, A little over 200 years ago today, Father Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla started a revolt that would eventually free Mexico from Spain. Join us as we celebrate Mexico's independence with tacos & beer!, Currently (and always) accepting testimonials! If you have a minute, please let us know how we're doing!, Our weekend plans definitely include a few of these guys. Can we count you in? 

(shout out to @kathleenmaye for the photo!), Don't let the hot weather get you down, today. Cool off at our place with fish tacos, chilled gazpacho, and cold Mexican beer!, A shining beacon in the night:, You 'like' us on Facebook, but you'll love us on Twitter. Follow us @doradoboston:, The dog days are coming to an end and it's time to reminisce! Tell us about the most exciting thing you ate this summer!, We're all about making your life easier! Hop on our email list so you can stay in the loop:, It was great to see Tom G. on Yelp! Thanks for taking the time to write such a fantastic review!, Happy Labor Day! Cheers to a day of rest and a belly full of these guys:, Friendly reminder — we will be OPEN for Labor Day and expect to see you all on Monday ready for some tacos!, Put me in, Coach... I'm ready to play!, Three small words. A whole lotta flavor:, True or false: nothing can come between you and tacos., Calling all Dorado fans! What's one item on our menu you have to have every time you come in?, Step 1: Eat tacos. Step 2: Conquer the world., Too many #tacos? No such thing: 

(shout out to @alichoooo for the photo!), 'Like' if your first love was a Baja-style taco:, Did you know the corn for our elote comes from Sycamore Farms in Middletown, NY? Without them, our cotija & lime smothered corn just wouldn't be as sweet:, Hey taco lovers! Did you know our NYC location has its very own Facebook page? Mosey on over and 'like' for an extra helping of Baja-style love:, Taco love:, The question that will make or break any relationship — when it comes to your lunchtime fix: tacos or quesadillas?, Marinated in ginger, garlic, & cilantro with Asian Salsa & Sambal Crema to top it off — our new Grilled Yellowfin Tuna Taco will leave your tastebuds cheering for more!, “Killer selection of tacos, great prices, and consistent quality.” Thanks for the 5 stars, Zack C! Check us out on Yelp to see what people are saying:, At 1 million Scoville units, Ghost Peppers are the hottest peppers around and the shining star of our Dorado Diablo Sauce. Use at your own risk!, 90 degree weather in Boston today? We think this calls for some hot weather chow — stop by for gazpacho, shrimp tacos, & cold Mexican beers!, Beer battered Atlantic whitefish. Salsa fresca. Spicy chipotle crema. The explosion of flavor that comes together in perfect harmony in our Dorado Taco., We’re Brookline’s go-to spot for Baja-style tacos, quesadillas, and Mexican refreshments. Follow us on Twitter to keep in touch:, null, DORADO NYC: Original baja fish tacos $1.99 today till close. Hungry yet?, DORADO Brookline: Our Wednesday 2 for $5 special is on summer vacation till fall. While it's gone, give our summer gazpacho and elote corn a try!, This is how the guys of DFA Records do Dorado in NYC. We spy tacos, guac and Mexican Coke., Canadians crave tacos too. A food blogger stopped by DORADO Brookline for some shrimp tacos during his food journey through Boston.

http://coolfooddude.blogspot.ca/2013/06/eating-my-way-through-boston-part-1.html, DORADO NYC: There's a new way to ride over and get your taco fix. Hello Citi bikes., Check it out: Chef Doug talks to The Boston Globe about Dorado Brookline's cemitas in their article about sandwiches around town., DORADO Brookline: Wednesday special--all tacos 2 for $5 after 3PM. Go ahead and set a reminder, we'll wait right here., DORADO Brookline: "The corn is now worthy." -Chef Doug. Yes, it must be elote season., DORADO Brookline: It's a family affair. Spotted niece, Chloe Director and her friend Taylor Burke enjoying tacos & cemitas., If the warmer weather doesn't make you sweat, this will. Introducing our new DORADO DIABLO hot sauce made with ghost peppers. No, these are tears of joy., DORADO: !ELOTE! is back just in time for Cinco de Mayo. Now that's how you celebrate., DORADO Brookline: We were featured on Zagat's blog. "Swim on over to Dorado" indeed! Check it out..., DORADO NYC: Wednesday special starts now--$1.99 original baja tacos. Since today's the first day of the 5th month, we dare you to eat 5!, DORADO Brookline: It's 3:00. You know what that means--2 tacos for $5 till close! Plus, tonight is Game 5. Celtics + tacos = win., DORADO Brookline: What's better than watching the Celtics beat the Knicks tonight? Watching with tacos in hand. Trust us., Wednesday should be your favorite day of the week. Why? Our 2 for $5 taco special after 3PM. This week we challenge you to get 4!, DORADO Brookline: New soup for you. Vegetarian pozole--roasted chilies, tomatoes & hominy plus all the fixings., DORADO Brookline: Who's going to be the first to break in the outside seating while enjoying 2 tacos for $5 today? We think it should be you., DORADO Brookline: Just received awful news about an explosion at the finish line of today's marathon..., At DORADO, we prepare fresh, healthy food in a casual and quick-service way. Our salads, grilled chicken, steak, and fish tacos,  vegetarian beans and rice offer great value and nutrition. We have many gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan options., DORADO Brookline: Amazing pics from this weekend's beer and tacos party with CityGusto, DORADO Brookline: We've got jobs! We're looking to fill a few customer service positions. Stop in and see us for more info or to apply!, Are you following DORADO on Twitter?? Brookline: @doradoboston and New York: @doradoNYC, DORADO Brookline: If you didn't get your Taco Tuesday fill, there's always our Wednesday special--any 2 tacos for $5 after 3PM including the new calamari taco!, DORADO Brookline: New month, new special. Here's our grilled calamari taco with avocado, cabbage and cucumber-lime salsa. Boom!, DORADO Brookline: We'll be participating in a taco & craft beer event on April 6th to benefit Lovin' Spoonfuls. Get more info and sign up for free at citygusto.com/experts, DORADO Brookline: You're already 30 minutes late. 2 tacos for $5 started at 3PM! We'll be dishing them out till close today. Stop by!, DORADO: Our tacos travel well. Pictured--"Baja Original" (NYC)/ "Ensenada" (Brookline), Spring into tacos this weekend. This is how you reward yourself after cleaning., DORADO Brookline: Since there's 2 more days till Friday, why not reward yourself with 2 tacos for $5 after 3PM. Today, we're thinking chorizo., DORADO Brookline: We know how Boston gets on St. Patrick's Day, so that's why we serve brunch till 3PM on Saturday and Sunday. Hangover cure?, DORADO Brookline: Hump day means cheap tacos. All tacos 2 for $5 Wednesday only after 3PM., DORADO NYC: Let me cater to you., DORADO Brookline: Fact: Our chicken tortilla soup melts snow., DORADO Brookline: Late afternoon slump? The cure: Tacos! All tacos 2 for $5 after 3PM, Wednesdays only., DORADO Brookline: Today only, add a side of rice & beans for FREE to any order of TWO tacos., DORADO Brookline: Grilled swordfish taco with cucumber salsa, cabbage & avocado-lime salsa for $3.25. Combo it up with chicken tortilla soup for $6.75, WEDNESDAY taco special at DORADO Brookline: All tacos 2 for $5 after 3PM. Be there!, DORADO Brookline is OPEN now.  Serving brunch, tacos, quesadillas, etc., They were filing "A Person of Interest" http://www.cbs.com/shows/person_of_interest/ in front of DORADO NYC this morning.  Included torrential rain, Reminder.  Today is our famous Wednesday 1.99 Ensenada Fish Taco special.  Come on by., Before the WORLD ENDS, eat one of our delicious FISH TACOS, SAVE and have a delicious meal. Our Wednesday Special is on.  Ensenada FISH TACOS at 1.99. 
2 Fish Tacos, Rice, Beans only 4.98, DORADO New York City has reopened, following its closure due to Hurricane Sandy.  OPEN today until 10 PM., Our Brookline location is OPEN.  New York City will be closed until public transportation is restored to Union Square, Today. After 3 PM Our famous BAJA ORIGINAL (Ensenada) FISH TACOS 1.99. New York & Brookline locations, Today.  After 3 PM  Our famous BAJA ORIGINAL (Ensenada) FISH TACOS 1.99.  New York & Brookline locations, Ensenada FISH TACOS 1.99. Today After 3.  Also, grilled TUNA with Ginger Salsa (3.25) Tacos, Brookline, New SPECIAL TACO in Brookline TODAY: Grilled yellowfin TUNA with GINGER salsa fresca and spicy SAMBAL CREMA, Returning from the beach?  Enjoy some fish tacos and beer this evening., Too hot to cook!.  Tonight. Baja California style FISH TACOS.  Only 1.99.  Tecate cans 3.00, See Aziz Ansari interviewed at DORADO NYC http://www.coolhunting.com/culture/aziz-ansari.php, Craving FISH TACOS?  Today. 1.99 After 3 PM.  And our hearty CHICKEN TORTILLA Soup will warm you on this chilly day., Today.  After 3PM  Ensenada Baja FISH TACOS. 1.99  Also ELOTE, Mexican-style grilled corn 2.75, ELOTE.  Grilled corn with mayo, chile, lime & cotija cheese.  Now available in Brookline.  First of the season, Today.  Now. 1.99 Fish Tacos.  New York & Brookline.
ELOTE (Grilled corn)  in New York.  Soon in Brookline, Begin your day here!   Best BREAKFAST TACOS in Boston/Brookline.  Steak, eggs, cheese, potatoes, salsa, guacamole. Cervezas, too., A good day for a crispy 3 cheese quesadilla and our hearty chicken tortilla soup w/ avocado and lime, From Today's NYU Local http://nyulocal.com/?s=dorado, Today.  After 3 PM.  Our famous Ensenada Baja California Fish Tacos.  Only 1.99 Brookline & NYC., Who has the best kids menu in Brookline?  VOTE: http://brookline.patch.com/articles/poll-who-has-the-best-kids-menu-in-brookline, Not in mood for corned beef & cabbage? How about FISH TACOS & chicken QUESADILLAS?, Today's TACO ESPECIAL. Grilled calamari with Cucumber & Orange salsa, Avocado and Lime, 1.99 Baja Style (Ensenada) FISH TACOS Tonight. Both New York & Brookline locations. After 3:00 PM, Ignore the Snow & Rain. Taste the Beach. Ensenada Fish Tacos 1.99 today. After 3.  Brookline & NYC, Today's TACO ESPECIAL. Grilled calamari with Cucumber & Orange salsa, Avocado and Lime,  Mario Batali was interviewed last week during New York's Fashion Week about the pop-up restaurant Goodness/Robert which was open during Fashion Week.
         At the end of the interview he was asked:   
"And one last thing--when you guys are running around town in New York, what's your favorite thing to grab from a bodega/deli? "
         MB: When I'm on the go, I like a good taco. There are really good tacos happening now--there's a really great fish taco place on 12th Street (New York) that just opened a couple weeks ago. It's called Dorado. That, for me, is the perfect snack.
         EW: Oh, I know that place! , No reservations for tonight? FISH TACOS & Mexican BEER are ROMANTIC. Or at least delicious and cheap!, 1.99 Baja Style (Ensenada) FISH TACOS Tonight.  Both New York & Brookline locations., We're serving fabulous breakfast TACOS and QUESADILLAS this morning (in Brookline).  Grilled STEAK, cheese & eggs.  Chorizo.  Huevos Rancheros. Fresh coffee., Back to the beach! 1.99 FISH TACOS!  Today.  AFTER 3 PM.  New York & Brookline!  Great with PACIFICO, Today, in Brookline our original Baja (Ensenada tacos) are 1.99 after 3 PM.  Starting next week in New York., "If you can make it here..." Today's Grub Street NYC. http://newyork.grubstreet.com/ Scroll down., The equipment (fan) is repaired.  Our kitchen is OPEN.  We're preparing tacos, quesadillas, and cemitas!  Today 1.99 Ensenada FISH TACOS After 3., Oops.  No TACOS today.  We've had a major equipment failure and will be closed until tomorrow.  Sorry!, Rain or Shine. You can rely on our Ensenada FISH TACOS to be 1.99 TODAY after 3 PM.  Two taco plate ONLY 4.98, Today, in Brookline & New York, our original Baja (Ensenada tacos) are 1.99 NOW!, DORADO Now OPEN in New York City. 28 East 12th St. Near Union Square. Same delicious FISH TACOS & QUESADILLAS. Tell your friends!, Yes, its COLD!  We have hot Mexican chocolate, tortilla SOUP, cheese QUESADILLAS.  Tonight. After 3. Famous Fish Tacos ONLY 1.99, We're OPEN today & tomorrow. Breakfast tacos, famous fish tacos, steak quesadillas, and more. Win Tacos. Play TRIVIA on facebook., OPEN today. 11-5. FREE Coffee with any breakfast TACO, QUESADILLA for facebook/twitter followers.  Mention this posting., OPEN today. Taco ESPECIAL:  Grilled Marinated AHI TUNA with  Spicy Asian Salsa & Crisp Napa Cabbage  3.25, Hungry? Tired? We're OPEN today until 6. Serving BRUNCH, our famous FISH TACOS, steak and eggs quesadillas, etc.., Save MONEY! Eat great food. Today. After 3. Our famous BAJA, CA. FISH TACOS only 1.99. Two tacoS plate 4.98.  Mexican beers 3.75, "One of the BEST BRUNCHES in Boston" Cheese quesadilla with eggs, steak, guacamole, salsa fresca & Corona. Breakfast TACOS., Reminder.  Wednesday night Fish Taco ESPECIAL.  Only 1.99.  Two Taco Plate 4.98., This evening we're supporting the Boston College ARRUPE El Salvador program by donating percentage of sales to the January trip., We're serving our FAMOUS FISH TACOS for only 1.99 today.  After 3 PM.  
2 TACOS PLATE with Mexican rice and black beans 4.98, Brunch this morning? Huevos Rancheros, Breakfast TACOS with steak, Cheese QUESADILLA with eggs and CHORIZO. Coffee. Beers., Back to school? Short on cash? Eat CHEAP today. Our famous FISH TACOS. Only 1.99. Today, after 3. TWO TACOS plate, rice, beans 4.98., Tired of cooking? Turkey? Our famous CRISPY FISH TACOS are only 1.99 TODAY after 3 PM. TWO tacos, rice, beans 4.98, Who saw The Descendants last night?  As fine as they say?, Have FISH TACOS, QUESADILLAS, etc  before seeing "The Descendants" at Coolidge Corner tonight., GLUTEN FREE diet? Enjoy our STEAK tacos with guacamole on CORN tortillas. Or spicy grilled PORTABELLA mushroom. Chicken tortilla soup., Serving BRUNCH now. Breakfast TACOS. Quesadillas with steak, EGGS & cheese. Coffee. Mexican Hot CHOCOLATE., Wednesday Special: 1.99 Baja California style FISH TACOS. 2 Tacos Plate with RICE Beans 4.98. Sangria, BEERS, New this morning: Fresh crispy YUCA chips with CHIPOTLE Ketchup.  Also Mexican HOT CHOCOLATE., Make this weather a little more warmer; HOT Mexican CHOCOLATE & Crispy Cheese QUESADILLA 5.00 .BREAKFAST Tacos this morning., Good day for a crispy cheese QUESADILLA and bowl of hearty chicken TORTILLA SOUP.  Mexican COMFORT FOOD., Good morning for BRUNCH.. Breakfast TACOS with  STEAK & EGGS/ Quesadillas. Huevos Rancheros.  Coffee. Beer, REMINDER: CHEAP Eats Today. 1.99  Famous FISH TACOS.  4.98 Two Tacos PLATE, Zesty Mexican rice, Black Beans, Outdoor dining NOW! EPIC FISH TACOS. 3 Cheese Quesadillas. Sangria. CERVEZA/ Chips, Salsa & Guac, Meet here for dinner tonight! Only 4.98. Two Ensenada  FISH TACOS, tasty Mexican RICE, savory black BEANS. Negra Modelo 3.75, Too many LIBATIONS last night? How about some HUEVOS RANCHEROS and coffee for breakfast? Cheese QUESADILLA with steak and guac?, Today. Wednesday  After 3. Our famous Baja FISH TACOS 1.99.  2 Tacos PLATE, Black BEANS, Delicious Mexican RICE. Only 4.98, Continue to enjoy this warm WEATHER.  Eat OUTDOORS tonight! TACOS, Quesadillas, CERVEZAS, Sangria, Breakfast? Brunch? Eggs, tortilla, cheese, salsa fresca, grilled steak. 2.95. Cerveza 3.75., Starving student and others.  Tonight. Our Famous Ensenada Fish Tacos 1.99  Two Tacos Plate 4.98, Today is Mexican Independence Day. Name one of the Grito de Dolores and receive a FREE TACO today. OPEN 'til 10., It's still SUMMER. This weekend. Grilled Yellowfin TUNA TACO with Avocado, roasted CORN and poblano chili salsa.  GAZPACHO, too., Bring your DOG. Eat OUTDOORS. Really CHEAP Ensenada FISH TACOS. Today After 3. Only 1.99.  2 Tacos, Rice, Beans 4.98. Mexican Beers 3.75, Have dinner plans? How about our delicious Grilled SWORDFISH TACOS Plate, Chips & Fresh GUACAMOLE?  Sangria, Mexican BEERS., Cheap EATS! Ensenada FISH TACOS only 1.99. Today. After 3 PM. 2 Taco Plates with rice beans 4.98. CERVEZAS 3.75., OPEN Today and Tomorrow, LABOR DAY.  Grilled local BLUEFISH Tacos.  Shrimp tacos with PINEAPPLE Salsa. White & Red Sangria, Need a break from moving? Best CHEAP Eats: Famous Fish TACOS, Cheese QUESADILLAS, Guac & Chips, Mexican Beers and more, Tell your friends! Ensenada FISH TACOS only 1.99.  Today. After 3 PM.   2 Taco Plates with rice beans 4.98.  CERVEZAS 3.75., VEGETARIAN options?: Zucchini & Red Pepper TACOS, Portabella SHROOMS, Grilled Sweet CORN, Mexican RICE, black BEANS, Guac, Wnderful evening to eat outdoors.  Famous FISH TACOS, beer, fresh guacamole & chips., Weekend's SPECIAL Fish TACO: Grilled TUNA with Charred Corn, roasted Poblano Chili, & Avocado Lime Salsa. 3.25. White or Red SANGRIA 4.95, Available NOW.  Our Famous Ensenada FISH TACOS.  Only 1.99.  Two Tacos Plate, Rice, Beans. 4.98   Mexican Beers 3.75, Returning from the beach? Extend your vacation. Enjoy FISH TACOS, Mexican BEERS, fresh chips, salsa, & GUAC at DORADO, Best Cheap Eats. Today. After 3. Our Famous FISH TACOS 1.99. Two Tacos PLATE 4.98. Mexican BEERS 3.75, From ZAGAT: Dorado Tacos. One of the BEST CHEAP EATS in Boston., null, Tonight. Our famous ENSENADA FISH TACOS are only 1.99. After 3 PM.
Tomorrow, from 5-8, get ONE FREE in celebration of our 2nd Anniversary, Today's SPECIAL Fish Taco:  Grilled Marinated SWORDFISH with Charred Corn & Avocado Lime Salsa. 3.25, Today! Our Famous Wednesday FISH TACOS Special 1.99.  Also featuring delicious CALAMARI steak tacos, with AVOCADO, Poblano, Sweet CORN 3.25.  BEERS 3.75, Today. Our FAMOUS Wednesday TACO Special. Crispy Baja California style FISH TACOS Only 1.99, Returning from the beach today? Extend your weekend with our Baja California FISH TACOS & CERVEZA. Sangria & grilled CORN, too., It's TOO HOT to cook. Today. After 3. TWO Fish TACOS, Rice,
Black Beans. Only 4.98. Cold Cervezas 3.75. Crispy Fish Tacos 1.99, Breakfast is served. Eggs, tacos, cheese, beans, huevos rancheros. Cold beer, hot coffee., HOT Wednesday SPECIAL.  TWO Fish TACOS Plate, Mexican Rice,
Black Beans. Only 4.98. Mexican Beers 3.75. Also 1.99 Fish Tacos, Record heat?  Cool off with GAZPACHO, grilled fish TACOS, and CERVEZAS, Returning from the beach today? Extend your weekend with our Baja California FISH TACOS & CERVEZA.  Sangria & grilled CORN, too., TOO HOT to cook SPECIAL.  Today. After 3. TWO Fish TACOS Plate, Rice, 
Black Beans. Only 4.98. Mexican Beers 3.75. Also 1.99 Fish Tacos, Friends & Patriots: We are OPEN today, Sunday. Closed tomorrow, 4th of July., Partying this weekend? Order our fresh-made tortilla CHIPS, perfect GUACAMOLE, salsa fresca, gazpacho., Enjoy our FAMOUS 1.99 FISH TACOS today, after 3.  TWO Tacos Plate, Rice, Beans 4.98.  Mexican BEERS 3.75., Endless SUMMER begins at DORADO.  Tacos, quesadillas, Mexican beers, grilled corn..., Today's SPECIAL TACO is grilled Yellowfin TUNA served with sweet spicy  ORANGE salsa, Napa cabbage. 3.25  Also grilled CORN, Gazpacho, In 90 minutes, our famous Ensenada FISH TACOS will only be 1.99.  2 Taco Plate, Rice, Beans 4.98.  Can you wait until after 3 PM?, Celebrate SUMMER. Gazpacho. ELOTE (Grilled Corn) Guacamole, Chips. FISH TACOS & BEER, Today's SPECIAL Taco. Grilled marinated Yellowfin TUNA with Napa Cabbage, Fresh ASIAN-seasoned Orange Salsa. 3.25, Tonight's PRIX FIXE: 2 Tacos Plate, Mexican Rice, Black Beans, Charred Jalapeno 6.25, Gorgeous Day.  Sit outside.  Bring your dog or iguana. Enjoy 1.99 FISH TACOS, Mexican BEERS, Chips, Guacamole, Grilled Corn (ELOTE), Grilled FISH TACOS with SWORDFISH this week.  Tomatillo-Avocado salsa. Cabbage, Baja crema. 2.99, Too HOT to cook? We've got FISH TACOS (Only 1.99 today after 3), GAZPACHO, cold Mexican BEERS, Chips, Spicy Guacamole, Elote, What do people eat more of in Lancaster County, PA: Scrapple or Chilaquiles?  http://pottsmerc.com/articles/2011/05/29/news/srv0000011850333.txt, Not too late to enjoy tacos, grilled corn, Mexican beers, with us tonight., Enjoy fresh GAZPACHO, White SANGRIA tonight with our 1.99 Ensenada FISH TACOS.  Fish Tacos PLATE Only 4.98. Today, until 10., Guess what 2 white wines we use in our new white SANGRIA? Hint:  One "Old Word," one "New World.", New today. White wine SANGRIA. Our famous Vegan GAZPACHO. Wednesday's 1.99 Ensenada Fish Tacos.  2 Fish Tacos PLATE 4.98, 77' in Brookline. Nice day to sit outside. Eat tacos, cemitas, elote, drink sangria., Is the END near? Judgement Day? May 21? Be sure to have a CEMITA, FISH TACO & ELOTE before., You're first to know.  Serving ELOTE (grilled early season corn w/ lime, chili, mayo) today after 3.  Also pineapple ginger agua fresca, 296 reviews on yelp. 132 5 STARS  http://www.yelp.com/biz/dorado-tacos-and-cemitas-brookline, Starving? Here's a bargain: 2 Ensenada FISH TACOS, Black BEANS, Mexican RICE. Charred Jalapeno Only 4.98. Fish Tacos 1.99 Today. After 3, From Brookline Patch: Frugal Family $10 Dishes, Today. Cinco de Mayo SPECIAL 2 Tacos Plate & Pacifico (from) 8.99, null, Making plans for Cinco de Mayo? DORADO TACOS Brookline.  2 Taco Plate & Pacifico 8.99, Featuring HUEVOS RANCHEROS for Brunch. Grilled SWORDFISH Tacos, Napa cabbage, Asian salsa.  GLUTEN FREE., Wednesdays only. After 3 PM    2 Ensenada FISH TACOS, Mexican RICE, Black BEANS, Mexican BEER. Only 8.75. Also 1.99 FISH TACOS, OPEN today until 7.  Enjoy our OUTDOOR SEATING.  Bring your DOGS.
BRUNCH. Tacos. Quesadillas. Cervezas., Cool RAINY day?  Enjoy hot Mexican chocolate, hearty tortilla SOUP, perfect 3 cheese QUESADILLA with steak, BREAKFAST tacos with EGGS, Gluten free TACOS. Grilled marinated steak, chicken, veggie, grilled local bluefish, yellowfin tuna. All on white corn tortillas. NO GLUTEN, Today. After 3. Two Ensenada FISH TACOS, Black Beans, Mexican Rice, Charred Jalapeno. ONLY 4.98 (1.99 FISH TACOS) Mexican BEERS 3.75, Nice evening to enjoy our grilled yellowfin TUNA TACO with Napa cabbage, orange salsa WITH ASIAN flavors. Sweet & Spicy 3.25, TODAY after 3:00. Ensenada FISH TACOS, 1.99  Also Enjoy our famous Asian seasoned grilled TUNA TACOS with Ginger Orange Salsa 3.25, Good day to enjoy our Pork Loin (or steak, etc.) CEMITA, one of Boston's BEST SANDWICHES (Globe 4/3/11)  http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2011/04/03/bostons_best_sandwiches/, We'll have our famous Asian seasoned grilled TUNA TACOS this afternoon. Also, Ensenada FISH TACOS, 1.99, TODAY after 3:00., Wednesday SPECIAL Starting  3 PM: Our FAMOUS Ensenada FISH TACOS 1.99. TWO Fish Tacos, Mexican rice, black beans 4.98.  Cervezas 3.75, Vegetarians & Vegans. We have delicious choices for you., Save money for gas. Starting at 3 PM TODAY: Ensenada FISH TACOS 1.99. TWO Fish Tacos, Mexican rice, black beans 4.98, Enjoy OUR hearty & wholesome TURKEY & Black BEANS CHILI. Tonight "All-You-Can-Eat 4.99  With a beer, 7.99, Save money for gas. Starting at 3 PM TODAY:  Ensenada FISH TACOS 1.99. TWO Fish Tacos, Mexican rice, black beans 4.98, Yes, we are OPEN today.  Mondays Unending BOWL Hearty Turkey & Black Bean CHILI 4.99.   Cheese, Steak, Guac Quesadillas 5.25, Baja California street fare: GRILLED marinated fish TACOS with avocado-tomatillo salsa. Coronas, Negra Modelos., 1.99 Catch Ensenada FISH TACOS. Tonight. After 5., NO reservations. NO prix fixe. Just delicious, fresh Mexican TACOS, Quesadillas, BEER, Sangria. TODAY Unending bowl TURKEY CHILI 4.99, Limited time. Grilled CALAMARI STEAK TACO with Avocado, ORANGE & roasted POBLANO chili SALSA 3.25, Tomorrow. After 3. Grilled marinated CALAMARI STEAK TACOS with CITRUS SALSA. 3.25, Cold? Our cheese QUESDADILLA & Mexican HOT CHOCOLATE will warm you up. TONIGHT After 5. 1.99 Ensenada FISH TACOS., Dinner plans tonight?  ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT delicious Turkey & Black Beans CHILI, salsa, sour cream.  Only 4.99. With a beer, 7.99, Cold weather COMFORT food. Hearty tortilla SOUP, melted cheese & steak QUESADILLA, Mexican HOT CHOCOLATE, sangria. OPEN 'TIL 10, Tonight. All-you-can-eat Turkey & Blacks Beans CHILI 4.99. Also, FREE Ensenada FISH TACOS. Go to http://www.signpost.com/deals/165075, Food pornography? http://devour.com/video/epic-butter-commercial/, Yes, we are open! Reminder: signpost.com's FREE FISH TACO day., Boston Brunchers...are bloggers, brunchers, a community., Eat Well. CHEAP EATS. Today MONDAY  All-you-can-eat Turkey & Black Bean CHILI. Sour cream, salsa fresca. 4.99. Chili & (1) Beer 7.99., Back again! Limited availability.  Grilled ASIAN seasoned AHI TUNA Taco with Napa Cabbage, Asian salsa, ginger, lime, Siracha, Sambal  3.25, Preparing dinner for under $20.11, Taste summer: NEW pineapple, ginger, mint agua fresca.  Muy delicioso.  Great with a grilled steak taco., Wednesday night special.  After 5. TWO Baja California style Ensenada FISH TACOS, Mexican Rice, Black Beans, Jalapeno. Only 4.98., Of course we're OPEN this evening.  Tonight. Unending bowl of Turkey & Black Bean CHILI, sour cream, salsa, tortillas 4.99, Brunch today. 11-3 Huevos Rancheros, Breakfast TACOS & QUESADILLAS, Mexican Hot CHocolate, Yes, we are OPEN. Zesty CHILI, hearty tortilla SOUP, hot Mexican CHOCOLATE. Tonite, after 5. 1.99 FISH TACOS. 2 tacos platters 4.98, Today! Endless bowl of Turkey & Black Beans CHILI salsa fresca, sour cream 4.99 (7.99 with beer), Hungry? Cold?  Hearty Turkey & Black Beans CHILI & warm Cheese QUESADILLA. Hot Mexican CHOCOLATE., Mexican comfort food. Turkey & Black Bean CHILI 4.99 with cheese QUESADILLA 6.99. Mexican hot chocolate. Grilled AHI TUNA Taco, Asian salsa, Tonight. After 5 PM. TWO Ensenada FISH TACOS, Rice, Beans, Jalapeno. Only 4.98.  NEW Asian flavored grilled Ahi TUNA TACO 3.25, MONDAYS Only: All-you-can-eat Turkey & Black Bean CHILI. 4.99.  7.99 with Mexican BEER. Served w/ sour cream, salsa fresca, tortillas, We are OPEN today!, Closed today.  Open tomorrow, January 1, regular hours.  Brunch 10:00 AM. Huevos Rancheros, great for hangovers., Oops.  We are closing early tonight.  6:00 PM due to the weather., TOMIGHT  All-you-can-eat Turkey & Black Beans CHILI 4.99. With Mexican BEER 7.99. Served with tortillas, sour cream, salsa., We're open tonight, regular hours until 10 PM. Delivery? dashboston.com  Closed tomorrow., null, Sold out of CHILI our first Monday.  Some enjoyed 3(!) bowls (all-you-can-eat),, Mondays.  All you can eat Turkey & Black Bean CHILI, Tortillas, salsa fresca, sour cream 4.99  (7.99 with Mexican BEER), Things to do Under $5.00: Brookline, Allston, JP (From Time Out Boston), Your breakfast/brunch is ready. Breakfast tacos & quesadillas, chorizo, huevos rancheros, coffee, Mexican beer., After shopping, movie?  We're open 'til 10. Tacos, quesadillas, beer, chips, guacamole., Rainy day BRUNCH:  Cheese QUESADILLA with STEAK, EGGS, salsa fresca.  FREE coffee to Facebook, Twitter friends, followers., Staying in tonight? Want hearty tortilla SOUP, melted cheese & steak QUESADILLAS, Guac and Chips?  dashboston.com delivers., TODAY For Facebook friends, Twitter followers: FREE Mexican Hot Chocolate, Coffee or Tea, with any BRUNCH purchase, Until 3:00 PM., So have you tasted the "BEST DISHES" in Brookline/Boston?   http://www.dishtip.com/, Starving student & rainy night SPECIAL! 2 Ensenada FISH TACOS, black BEANS, Mexican RICE, charred jalapeno. Only 4.98. Tonight. After 5., We are now serving grilled marinated SWORDFISH in our GRILLED fish tacos. With TOMATILLO & AVOCADO salsa, Baja crema., Too cold to go out? Want dinner? Dash delivers hot tortilla soup, melted 
cheese steak quesadillas, guac & chips http://dorado.foodler.com/, No need to cook at home tonight! 1.99 Fish tacos. 2 Tacos PLATE with rice & beans 4.98. Mexican beers 3.50, Chilly tonight.  Staying in? Want a nice warm cheese QUESADILLA with steak, guac, sour cream,DELIVERED?  http://dorado.foodler.com/, If you haven't tasted our weekend brunch  menu yet, maybe these photos and review will inspire, Dreary day? Mexican COMFORT food: Dorado hearty TORTILLA SOUP, melted three CHEESE QUESADILLA 5.99, Tonight. 3 Ensenada Fish TACOS. Only 5.97.  After 5 PM. Coronas, Pacificos 3.50. Quesadillas 4.99, TASTE this zesty seasonal TACO. Grilled spice & citrus marinaded TURKEY with CRANBERRY poblano CHILI salsa 2.99 Limited Time, Wednesday is FISH TACO night. Ensenada Fish Tacos, only 1.99. 2 tacos, rice & beans 4.98. Coronas, Pacificos 3.50   
mns, Celebrate El Dios de los Muertos (Day of the Dead). Enjoy Tacos, Quesadillas, tortilla soup, etc. http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dead/, Brunch?  Huevos Rancheros. Eggs, blacks beans, tortillas. Hot Mexican Chocolate. Corona., Tonight only. After 5. Two crispy Ensenada FISH TACOS, black BEANS, Mexican RICE. Just 4.99. Mexican beers 3.50. Also Tortilla Soup!, Serving breakfast/brunch this AM. Tacos, eggs, quesadillas, patatas bravas, Fair Trade brand coffees. Mexican beer., Cool weather dinner?  Hot tomato corn SOUP, 3 cheese QUESADILLA 5.99. Weekend Brunch tomorrow. 9-3. HUEVOS RANCHEROS, Breakfast Tacos, What about this for LUNCH (or dinner)? Hearty roasted tomato & corn SOUP w avocado & poblano chili and 3-cheese QUESADILLA 5.99, Too much to drink last night? Hungry? Here's the cure: HUEVOS RANCHEROS, chorizo, organic COFFEE, Corona Lite. OPEN now., Starting today. Weekend brunch 9-3. Huevos rancheros, quesadillas, breakfast tacos, patatas bravas., Tonight. Grilled marinated CALAMARI Steak Tacos. With Ripe Avocado & Sweet corn, poblano chili salsa. Lime  2.99, Save bucks. 1.99 FISH TACOS tonight. Also serving Elote, Calamari Steak Tacos, Quesadillas, Beer, We ARE serving our famous ELOTE, grilled ears of CORN with mayo, lime, and ancho chili powder.  Limited time., Sorry, today  will be the last day for calamari steak tacos. (No more corn for salsa), Starving Student Special: Tonight.  After 5.  2 crispy FISH TACOS, savory black BEANS, Mexican RICE, grilled jalapeno. 4.98, Good day for our HOT Tomato & Sweet CORN SOUP . Vegetarian. With Cilantro and Scallions. 3.99, Two SOUPS today: Gazpacho (cold), Sweet CORN Soup (HOT).  Both Vegetarian. Great with 3 Cheese QUESADILLAS, Mexican COKE, made with cane SUGAR is back.  Also, crispy YUCA CHIPS with fiery chipotle ketchup., ELOTE finished for the season. NOW enjoy our crispy YUCA CHIPS with smokey CHIPOTLE KETCHUP., Short on CASH?  SPECIAL. Tonight.  After 5. 2 crispy FISH TACOS, savory black BEANS, Mexican RICE, grilled jalapeno. 4.98, Some great things don't last forever.  Sorry. This will be the LAST week for ELOTE, grilled corn.  Availability limited., Dinner tonight? Sit outside. Eat crispy fish tacos, cheesy steak quesadillas, pork cemitas. Drink Coronas, Negra Modelos, Pacificos, Today MEXICO Independence Day. Tell us name of PRIEST who declared "Grito de Dalores." Receive FREE Ensenada FISH TACO., Tomorrow, September 16 is the REAL Mexico INDEPENDENCE DAY.
Celebrate early. Tonight! 1.99 FISH TACOS. 3.50 Cervezas. After 5., Staying in tonight? Expecting rain? Quesadillas with steak, guac, sour cream?  
Dash delivers. http://dorado.foodler.com/, In town this weekend?  Come by for FISH TACOS, CORONAS, grilled corn, chips & guacamole, quesadillas., YES, we are OPEN! Until 10 PM. Beautiful day to sit outside, eat fish TACOS, steak QUESADILLAS, sip SANGRIA, PACIFICO., From Boston University's "The Daily Free Press" Cheap Eats Guide, Grilled local BLUE FISH taco with avocado tomatillo salsa, and a Pacifico cerveza.  Doesn't get much better than that., Wednesday 1.99 FISH TACOS.  Tonight.  After 5 PM. 4.99 for 2 Ensenada Fish Tacos, rice, beans.  What a deal!, Now serving WINE by the glass. Calif.  Sauvignon Blanc & Rose. Only 6.50.  Delicious with our FISH TACOS, quesadillas, grilled CORN, In the mood for a SANDWICH? CEMITA Poblano.  Sesame egg roll with pork milanese, Oaxaca string cheese, avocado, black beans, chipotles., Hungry? Short on cash? EAT good tonight. After 5. 2 Ensenada FISH TACOS, Mexican RICE,  black BEANS, jalapeno. Only 4.98., CALAMARI steak TACOS? Grilled low fat high protein flattened squid, with avocado and charred corn, scallions, lime, poblano pepper SALSA, NEW! CALAMARI STEAK tacos.  Limited time. With avocado, charred corn, roasted poblano salsa., Taste why Citysearch reviewer lists our FISH TACO #1 in Boston.Tonight. After 5. Ensenada Fish Tacos ONLY 1.99, Thanks to those who ate here in spite of AC not working. It is fixed now. Much more comfortable inside restaurant. Sorry for inconvenience., Dinner plans tonight? Cool gazpacho, spicy shrimp tacos, pineapple salsa, grilled corn, cerveza, sangria?, Starving student? Eat well. 4.99: 2 crispy Ensenada FISH TACOS, black BEANS, Mexican RICE, charred jalapeno. Tonight, after 5., Check-in four times on FourSquare.  Get FREE fish taco 5th check-in., Congratulations to Katie B. for winning a year supply of tacos!  Thank you to everyone else who participated in the contest and celebrated our one-year anniversary!, Thank you Boston/Brookline!  We look forward to serving you fresh, seasonal, traditional Mexican street food for another year!, Get a free taco NOW until 1:30PM, 4:30-5:30 or 6:30-7:30.  It's our one year anniversary and we would love to celebrate with you!, Our 1st Anniversary!  FREE Ensenada FISH TACOS. TODAY. Limited Times: 12:30-1:30, 4:30-5:30, & 6:30-7:30, Ensenada,
 Baja California Fish Tacos  1.99. After 5.  Tonight. Mexican "street 
food"  Traditonal, fresh, seasonal., Come celebrate Dorado Tacos & Cemitas one year anniversary!  Tomorrow, we are giving each person one free Ensenada Fish Taco from 12:30PM-1:30PM, 4:30PM-5:30PM and 6:30PM-7:30PM., 24 hours left to enter the contest for Free Tacos for a year!  Check out our Free Taco Day Event below for further information., Our large, sweet grilled corn are back (ELOTE).  Seasoned with mayo, limes, cotija cheese, and chili., In celebration of our one year anniversary we want to give one lucky winner a year's worth of free tacos! To enter, become a fan on Facebook, follow us on Twitter and tweet about the event (http://twitter.com/doradotacos). If you do all three, you will automatically be in the running to win! Please enter by Thursday at 12:30pm., Do you want to win a year's worth of tacos ($312 coupon) from Dorado Tacos & Cemitas?!  To enter, become a fan on Facebook, follow us on Twitter and tweet about the event.  If you do all three, you will be eligible to win!, Tonight. Wedneday  After 5. 2 Ensenada FISH TACOS, rice, beans, Pacifico or Corona, 8.49. OR 1.99 fish tacos., Dinner plans tonight? Cool gazpacho, spicy shrimp tacos, pineapple salsa, grilled corn, sangria?, Hot weather eating:  
FISH TACOS, ELOTE (grilled corn), watermelon AGUA FRESCA, and cold 
SANGRIA or BEER.  As good as it gets., Wednesday is TACO & BEER Night. Baja California style Ensenada FISH TACOS 1.99 After 5.  2 tacos, beans, rice, beer 8.49, null, OPEN today until 10  "Spicy foods keep you cool in hot weather":  See #11  http://www.wikihow.com/Cool-Yourself-Without-Air-Conditioning, Summer eating:  FISH TACOS, ELOTE (grilled corn), watermelon AGUA FRESCA, and cold SANGRIA.  As good as it gets., FourSquare special.  FREE Ensenada FISH TACO on your 5th "Check In", This exuberant group was dining on tacos around town., null, What can you get for 8.49? 2 Ensenada FISH TACOS, black BEANS, Mexican RICE, roasted jalapeno, choice of Mexican BEER. Tonight.  After 5., Hundreds of cemitas being produced and eaten in Puebla, Mexico, If you want DELIVERY (TACOS, CEMITAS, etc.) before/during the USA vs. Ghana match (2:30PM)? GO to http://dorado.foodler.com/, Our hot weather menu: cool GAZPACHO, spicy 
ELOTE, WATERMELON agua fresca, SANGRIA, chips and salsa fresca,
 cold NEGRA MODELO, TONIGHT, after 5, enjoy our 1.99 Baja CALIFORNIA style FISH TACOS.  4.99 TWO tacos, rice, black beans, jalapeno. Mexican BEERS 3.50, Our hot weather menu: cool GAZPACHO, spicy ELOTE, WATERMELON agua fresca, SANGRIA, tortilla chips and salsa fresca, cold CORONA, Our hot weather menu: cool GAZPACHO, spicy ELOTE, WATERMELON agua fresca, SANGRIA, tortilla chips and salsa fresca, cold CORONA, We're included in trifter.com's list of GREENEST PLACES in BOSTON.  Taste our scrumptious tacos served on compostable plates, etc., Make this the night you have our 1.99 Baja California style FISH TACOS.  After 5.
4.99 Two tacos, rice, black beans, jalapeno, Our CEMITA included in GRUB STREET Boston Sandwich Register (29 favorite local sandwiches), For this damp cool day, we just made Sopa de Elote (CORN SOUP) with roasted POBLANO and charred corn SALSA. Now serving., Rain or shine, our Baja California FISH TACOS are 1.99 tonight. AFTER 5. 
2 tacos, rice, beans, 4.99! OPEN until 10PM, You've  got to try our cool Spanish GAZPACHO, and ELOTE, roasted whole CORN with mayo, chili, lime,
and cotija cheese., Biking today?  Ride to DORADO with helmet.  
Receive FREE BICYCLE BENEFITS decal for discounts at DORADO, etc.  
Mention TWITTER, We're serving local caught BLUEFISH with our GRILLED fish tacos this weekend.  Also ELOTE (Roasted Corn), Gazpacho, Sangria., Yes, we are open this evening. Until 10, as usual . Fish tacos, gazpacho, cold beers, etc., Biking today?  Ride to DORADO with helmet.  Receive BICYCLE BENEFITS decal for discounts at Dorado, etc. FREE.  Mention twitter., Something NEW at DORADO. Chef Organ's famous GAZPACHO. Spanish cool vegetable soup. Starting today., Wednesday Fish Taco SPECIAL  1.99.  After 5.  2 Baja-California FISH TACOS, beans, rice, 4.99.  Cold Cerveza 3.50, 10% OFF food/bev. with Bicycle Benefits decal on bike helmet. Sticker FREE to first five requesting.  Must arrive by bike with helmet., null, This weekend, SERVING refreshing WATERMELON-LEMON-MINT agua fresca.  Perfect with tortilla chips & salsa fresca. Outside dining., See panda bears live., Tonight. After 5.  Baja Caifornia-style FISH TACOS. 1.99  TWO TACOS, rice and beans. 4.99, Have you tried our WATERMELON-lemon-mint AGUA FRESCA?  Especially good with YUCCA CHIPS., Re:  Mexican Coke.  It looks like we won't be getting any Mexican Coca Cola to sell anytime soon.  Coke products from Mexico have typically been made with cane sugar.
U.S. bottlers have been successful in preventing the importation of Coke products from Mexico, as they don't want the competition. 
Also, it appears that manufacturers of HFCS (high fructose corn syrup) are aggressively marketing to the Mexican market as US consumption of their product has drastically declined. (See article below), Today! Celebrate CINCO de MAYO!   Ensenada FISH TACOS plate and Pacifico BEER  7.99  (1.99 fish tacos after 5), Yes, we are open! Full menu. Cold beverages.  Even have ice for agua frescas (strawberry lemon), No water?  We've got cold beer!, Celebrate Cinco de Mayo! FISH TACOS, Mexican rice, black beans, cerveza PACIFICO  8.99  TODAY, May 1, 2 & 5., Strawberry-lemon-mint agua fresca.  Refreshing on this warm evening., 1.99 FISH TACOS.  Tonight.  After 5 PM.  PACIFICO Only 3.50, It may not be the  beach, but you can sit outside in the sun and enjoy tacos and beer here, Earth Day? Our plates, knives, forks, cups, to-go boxes, all are made from sustainable materials (corn, bamboo, etc.) and are compostable, 1.99 FISH TACOS.  Tonight.  After 5 PM.  NEGRA MODELO Only 3.50, Like Cilantro?  Don't like cilantro?  VOTE, Here's a recipe for a healthy vegetarian watermelon and papaya salad with tequilla vinaigrette, "American chefs obsessed with tacos" Food & Wine magazine.  Taste our chef's amazing creations., Ever see a surfer on a fish taco?, PERFECT evening for a few TACOS and a delicious serving of our own SANGRIA., 70' in Brookline.  Great afternoon for fish tacos & a Pacifico, null, Reminder:  1.99 Fish Tacos. Tonight After 5.  Why wait to try one?, Another rainy night. Staying in? Dash DELIVERS our FISH/steak TACOS, soups, QUESADILLAS  http://dorado.foodler.com/, This is why I am always broke: http://iamalwaysbroke.wordpress.com/, Chilly night?  Good evening for hearty TORTILLA SOUP, SIRLOIN QUESADILLA, & Pacifico., DINNER plans TONIGHT?  1.99 FISH TACOS After 5.  Wednesdays Only. TWO TACOS black beans and rice ONLY 4.98, Gluten intolerant?  We have plenty of gluten-free options.  Tacos are made on soft white corn tortillas., We have the PRIZE: What's the CONTEST? 2 round trip TICKETS to SAN DIEGO Transportation to ENSENADA Mexico, where you can hang 
around and enjoy fish tacos and beer; two HOTEL nights, dinner and music
 at Anthology http://www.anthologysd.com/index.html.
What's
 the contest?  How do we choose a winner?, Like SANDWICHES?  Youll love our CEMITA,  a tasty MEXICAN sandwich with meat or veggie, cheese, chipotle, AVOCADO, more., “A great taco is a perfect food. A tortilla, a protein and then the 
salsa is just the genius Mexican way of seasoning every bite with 
acidity, heat and salt.” said Danny Mena, the chef at Hecho en 
Dumbo, who is from Mexico City., Really GOOD. Really  CHEAP. Boston's best FISH TACOS Only 1.99. Wednesdays After 5.  2  Tacos, Mexican rice, black beans 4.98, Beautiful afternoon for a fish taco, guacamole, chips, cold Corona.  Open until 10 PM, Rainy day. Cooks have nothing to do.  FREE FISH TACO today until 6 PM!  1 per person.  Must MENTION this post/tweet. RETWEET friends., Staying in this dreary afternoon? Want fish tacos, tortilla soup, quesadillas delivered? Go to dashboston.com, See the Lyric Theatre fundraising auction.  Great deals.  Even on tacos and cemitas., Really GOOD. Really CHEAP. Boston's best FISH TACOS Only 1.99. Wednesdays After 5.  2 Tacos, Mexican rice, black beans 4.98, Beautiful afternoon for some grilled fish tacos, guac & chips, Corona, Dreary night?  Come enjoy hearty tortilla soup, steak or fish tacos, chips, guac, Corona, Great VALUE delicious meal TONIGHT after 5 2 crispy Ensenada FISH TACOS Mexican RICE, black BEANS Only 4.98 (& 1.99 fish tacos), Great VALUE delicious meal  TONIGHT after 5   2 crispy Ensenada FISH TACOS Mexican RICE, black BEANS  Only 4.98  (& 1.99 fish tacos), Still haven't tried a CEMITA?  Sweet sesame ROLL, crispy PORK LOIN, AVOCADO, Oxaca CHEESE, etc. Why wait?, Want delivery tonight? Best fish tacos, cemitas, & more? dashboston.com http://www.dashdeliveries.com/brighton.php, Nominated in The PHOENIX BEST '10. But we don't sell burritos. There's no TACO category http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/Burritos/, Nice evening for crispy FISH TACOS, black beans, chips, GUAC, NEGRA MODELO, Reminder: Hot crispy Fish Tacos 1.99  Tonight  After 5. Enjoy with tortilla soup., HUNGRY?  Don't want to go out? How do SHRIMP TACOS taste? Sirloin QUESADILLA? TORTILLA SOUP? foodler.com for delivery.http://www.foodler.com/MA/Brookline/Mexican/Dorado-Tacos-&-Cemitas/6328.html, Too late to get a table at OLEANA.  We have DELICIOUS food, excellent VALUE., This evening,  taste why  Phantom Gourmet featured our cemita (Mexican sandwich) with pork milanesa or marinated sirloin steak., Reminder: Hot crispy Fish Tacos 1.99  Tonight  After 5. Enjoy with a Negra Modelo, If your visiting Boston, see PlanetEye Traveler: Cure your taco cravings in Brookline., It's not too late to have tacos, cemitas, etc. delivered during the Super Bowl. Go to foodler.com http://www.foodler.com/MA/Brookline/Mexican/Dorado-Tacos-&-Cemitas/6328.html, Today only. 4 facebook fans/twitter followers. free bag of tortilla chips with purchase: pint of guacamole or one of our fresh salsas, Comfort food on a cold day: cheese quesadilla, hearty tortilla soup, warming Mexican hot chocolate, Come and taste why the Boston Globe Sunday magazine included us in today's Best of the New list.
http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/magazine/articles/2010/01/31/best_of_the_new_food/?page=2, New items: Delicious vegetarian black bean soup & crisp and refreshing sangria, Staying in tonight? We'll deliver tacos, quesadilllas, tortilla soup.  Go to foodler.com http://www.foodler.com/MA/Brookline/Mexican/Dorado-Tacos-&-Cemitas/6328.html, 1.99 Fish Tacos.  Wednesdays (Today!) After 5.  Enjoy with Corona, Bohemia, etc, Vegetarian? How about grilled zucchini & red pepper taco Or portabella mushroom taco w/ habanero salsa, http://ritsukurimono.wordpress.com/, Tonight. 1.99 Crispy Fish Tacos. After 5:00. Negra Modelo extra. Es muy rico., Tomorrow, Monday January 18, we will donate 10% of our sales to the Red Cross Haitian Relief efforts. http://www.redcross.org/, We're yelp.com's hottest restaurant based on last months bookmarks.  Come taste why. http://www.yelp.com/boston, 1.99 Ensenada Fish Tacos.  Wednesdays.  After 5:00 PM, More layers to love http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2010/01/13/a_mexican_treat_from_dorado_tacos__cemitas/, Free tortilla chips and fresh salsa with any beer (Corona, Negra Modelo, Sam Adams) purchase tomorrow during Patriots game.  Go Pats!, We need photos of people eating tacos.  Post here or send to info@doradotacos.com, Bohemia (my favorite) & Sam Adams added to our beer selection today.  Enjoy this evening with tacos, cemitas, etc., How does Mexican hot chocolate taste on this cold day?  Come by for a hot cup. Free marshmallow included., Oops.  Negra Modelo, Our first beer delivery has arrived!  Corona, Negro Modelo, Pacifico, We'll be offering a selection of domestic & imported beers (Corona, Dos Equis, Sam Adams, etc.) beginning next month., Good day for a warm melted cheese quesadilla and hot tortilla soup., We were included on the Boston Metro/Citysearch list of "10 Best New Restaurants for 2009.
http://boston.citysearch.com/list/167661, Thanks for all your support on our Cusotmer Appreciation event.  We'll do it again soon., FREE TACO Event, http://foodiemommy.blogspot.com/, Hibiscus has gained buzz recently for its healthful reputation and
potential medicinal properties, but chefs long have prized the flower’s
full flavor, deep red color and its heritage as an ingredient used
around the globe., null, Want DORADO fish tacos delivered?  Go to foodler.com http://www.foodler.com/MA/Brookline/Mexican/Dorado-Tacos-&-Cemitas/6328.html, Taste our new 3-cheese Quesadillas. Steak, chicken, vegetarian options. $4.29, Boston Globe cites "fish tacos at Dorado Tacos & Cemitas" as one  of this year's ten best meals.  http://www.boston.com/ae/food/restaurants/articles/2009/11/25/restaurant_critics_dishes_to_be_thankful_for_this_year/?page=2, Huungry?  Tired?  Foodler.com will deliver DORADO tacos. http://www.foodler.com/MA/Brookline/Mexican/Dorado-Tacos-&-Cemitas/6328.html, Careful when you walk around with a bag of tacos: http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?section=news/local&id=7122919, Delivery available of our tacos & cemitas at foodler.com http://www.foodler.com/MA/Brookline/Mexican/Dorado-Tacos-&-Cemitas/6328.html, Coming Soon, We've been approved to sell beer!  Starting January 1, 2010 we'll have assorted cervezas for sale with our tacos & cemitas., Stay posted Customer Appreciation Event coming soon!, null, We've changed our customer seating.  Now we have  tables & chairs (no stools, hightops). It's much more comfortable., Sorry, no more elote (grilled corn).  Out of season.  But we do have crispy yucca chips with chipotle ketchup., Just a few days left for you to vote for your favorite Newcomer Restaurant in Boston.  Go to Dig This Awards 2009 http://www.weeklydig.com/node/23935/done?sid=11993
 to vote for your favorite Newcomer Restaurant (listed between Neighborhood Grocery and Northend Italian  EAT MORE TACOS, EAT MORE TACOS!, We've been nominated for the “Dig This” Awards for the Best Newcomer Restaurant category! Go here and vote: http://www.weeklydig.com/digthis2009, We have Mexican Coke, as featured in today's New York Times Magazine article :Cult Classic."   http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/11/magazine/11fob-consumed-t.html?_r=1&ref=todayspaper&pagewanted=printinze, I'm not disappointed or suprised about the demise of Gourmet Magazine (I canceled my subscription years ago)  It was too focused on the lifestyle of the elite, not on practical recipes., Follow us on twitter. http://twitter.com/dorado_tacos  Receive special deals., We finally got our Certificate of Occupancy.  Opening today at 5pm!, We're waiting on our final permit...should be open by this afternoon. We'll keep you posted!, Opening tomorrow!, null, null, Opening Wednesday, July 29!)