List(As we gear up for warmer weather, we're looking to expand our team!, The patio will be opening this Monday, April 4!, This one's a must-try!, Have you tried the Big Cheese since it made a comeback on our menu?

Created by Parish Owner Peter Culpo with Fontina cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and sliced tomato on grilled French Pullman bread., We will be open regular hours tomorrow on Easter!, A big meatball and a beer. #YesPlease

(photo by @marissasbeer), @juliafromfrance captured an amazing sunset from Parish!, It's #NationalRavioliDay, and you must try this Cheese Ravioli & Sweet Sausage dish!

Oversized cheese ravioli and sweet Italian sausage on a bed of spinach, tossed in Sean’s homemade gravy and topped with Pecorino cheese. #DELISH, What's your lunch order?, We're getting festive for #StPatricksDay!, Special Drafts from Heretic Brewing Company, Stone Brewing, 21st Amendment, Berkshire Brewing Company, Maui Brewing Company, and Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits!, null, We'll be closing early tonight for a staff holiday party. Kitchen is open until 3pm and bar is open until 4pm. See you soon!, Thanks Zagat for listing Parish as one of 24 Late-Night Menus to Try Before the T Stops!, Have you checked out our updated spring menu?, These Vegetarian Corn Cakes are back on the menu!

Pan-seared and baked corn cakes served with pico de gallo and sliced avocado, topped with a scallion-mustard remoulade., Sunday relaxation.

(photo by @danaromanellischearer), Kick off your weekend with a special Blood Orange Margarita!, The Regal Regis, created by Shepard Chef/Owner Susan Regis, is now available at Parish Cafe for lunch and dinner!

Tenderized, sliced flank steak and portobella mushrooms in a soy, scallion and balsamic marinade. Served on Romano crusted French bread and sided with homemade potato salad or coleslaw., Our menu has been updated for spring!, "My favorite sandwich from one of my favorite restaurants in Boston: the Mexican Meatball." -@the_spaghettist, On Fridays, we indulge...

(photo by @boston_gps), @callinggreatcocktails loved this Blood Orange Margarita with Don Julio Blanco, Ketel One Citroen, simple syrup, lime juice, and blood orange purée!, ... and your top pick is?, Sunday goals., We did some interior painting during last week's renovations. Loving the new pop of color!, Updated!

Special drafts from Great Divide Brewing Co., Night Shift Brewing, Stone Brewing, Captain Lawrence Brewing Company, Revolution Brewing, and Rising Tide Brewing Company 🍻, We're back in business today! Come feast on that giant meatball you've been waiting for.

(photo by @marissasbeer), REMINDER: we will be closing today at 4pm for a week of renovations!

See you on the 15th :), Some special drinks for today!, Let it snow!, "The combination of protein, complex carbohydrates and dark greens is a healthful lunch option like none other."

Thanks Examiner.com for featuring our Hot and Cold Chicken Salad!, O Ya Restaurant's Tim Cushman calls his food "California Japanese," influenced by restaurants he has passed through over the years and his love for bold flavors. 

We're happy to have his Spicy Tuna Burger on our menu! It's a wonderful lunch or dinner choice., A Sunday spent right.

(photo by @bloodymarybabe), We love this shot by @onesmilingfollower_andcounting!, #WingWednesday: another reason to go for a plate of Roasted “Reggae” Wings!

A generous portion of baked wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney., Please note: we will be closed February 7-14 for a week of renovations!, A couple of our favorite snowy photos from the storm!

(Pics by @flaviarebecchi @marcusebaker), Yes please! You can enjoy this hearty pasta dish at both of our locations!, We also have some special drafts from Night Shift Brewing, Somerville Brewing - Slumbrew, Captain Lawrence Brewing Company, Stone Brewing Co., Revolution Brewing, and Foolproof Brewing Company!, #TGIF! Kick off your weekend with this special Hornitos Tequila Spiced Honey Sour., Happy #NationalCheeseLoversDay! A perfect occasion for our Baked Mac & Cheese :)

This casserole of macaroni is mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano and Monterey Jack cheeses and finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs., Our part of town dusted with snow!

(photo by @its_evan_avery), #BRUNCH cocktails.

(photo by @keconklin), We're excited to have Goose Island Madame Rose, a crimson colored Belgian style brown ale fermented with wild yeast and aged on cherries in wine barrels. 

This one is very rare — come get it while you can!, Today's Chalkboard Drafts featuring Blue Point Brewery, Stella Artois, and Goose Island!, @distancedrea just enjoyed the Benny, created by Ken Oringer.

Vietnamese-style, spicy grilled chicken breast on a baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint-coriander mayonnaise. Sided with spicy purple cabbage slaw tossed with diced tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil, and cracked peanuts., The Rialto, created by Rialto Restaurant Chef/Owner Jody Adams, is a satisfying sandwich layered with flavor. We're proud to have it on our menu!

Adams is a James Beard Award winning chef who is inspired by and versatile in cooking with New England and international ingredients!, Thanks WhereTraveler for featuring Sean's Meatloaf Club!, Simmer Magazine tried and loved Sean's Simple Chicken!

Tenderized, breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. Served over garlic-mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil., If you had to choose one, which would it be?, The black bean spread, eggs over medium, and pico de gallo fixings on our Egg Quesadilla make it so much more than the regular ol' thing!, null, @boston_gps went for the Bread Pudding!, Happy new year from Parish Cafe!, Come watch the parade from Parish at 5:30 tonight! Remember, our kitchen will be open until 1am :), We'd love to see you on New Year's Eve!, Wind down after the holiday weekend with some drinks at Parish.

(Photo by @oleg_ucsd), Just a reminder of our holiday hours this week!, We're getting ready for Christmas! Please note our holiday hours, and we'll see you before or after your festivities!, Cheers to a new week!

(Photo by @ekrause74), More holiday decorations!, "I'm putting on an extra layer for the long winter... at least that's my excuse." 

-@samshock with our onion rings, What's for dinner? We suggest Sean's Meatloaf Club.

Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine, sliced tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.

It's a classic favorite in sandwich form!, Thanks BostonTweet for highlighting our tree the other night! What a great photo., The Zuni Roll always satisfies!  

Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla. Served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream., And some special drafts from Goose Island, Revolution Brewing, Stone Brewing Co., Rising Tide Brewing Company, Great Divide Brewing Co., and Ithaca Beer Co.!, Look what we have!, We're all ready for the holidays!, null, Stop by this evening for an end-of-the-weekend cocktail!

@brookekathrynn went for a Martini with Grey Goose and blue cheese stuffed olives., It's Christmas time in the city!

(Photo by @_ele.a), We're excited for the Boston Common tree lighting tomorrow!, This Deep Fried Pork Chop is *NEW* on our menu!

A Panko breaded deep fried pork chop served with garlic mashed potatoes, creamed corn, and cherry peppers., "Glassware level: boss." -@5oclockpodcast, Pre-holiday lunch rush!

Note: we will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. Enjoy good food and drink with friends and family!, null, Time for dinner!

(photo by @rosepgarcia), Looking forward to the First Night festivities downtown to be announced!, "Best BLT I will ever have in my life. If anyone ever comes to Boston, get the Flour BLT. You will never regret it." -@theotherkristin, #TBT: The New York Times on May 5, 1996!

You can find the writeup here: http://nyti.ms/1YizuPI, New drink/draft specials!, Thanks Chow Down USA for the feature!, To be enjoyed with your meal or on its own!

(photo by @oh.mee ), Hello, weekend.

(photo by @jrosestuff), This dreary weather calls for some comfort food, like a big bowl of Pasta Bolognese!

Rigatoni pasta sautéed with ground beef, pork, and veal tossed in a spicy tomato sauce and topped with shaved Parmesan., The Campbell, created by Troquet Chef/Owner Scott Herbert, is also back on the menu!

Soy and ginger marinated grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with cilantro mayo, avocado puree, pickled red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Topped with fresh cilantro sprigs and served with mixed greens., Stop by for some drinks on your way out tonight!

(photo by @vasily.rodionov.9), Le Mistral, created by Ostra Boston Chef Mitchell Randall, is also back on the menu!

Garlic and rosemary marinated beef grilled to MEDIUM RARE on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, melted Bel parse cheese, seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli, and crispy onions. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., null, Draft specials from Stone Brewing Co., Goose Island Brewery, BBC, Anderson Valley Brewing Company, and Long Trail Brewing!, *NEW* on our menu: Deep Fried Pork Chop!

A Panko breaded deep fried pork chop served with garlic mashed potatoes, creamed corn, and cherry peppers., Happy #NationalSandwichDay!

Looking for poultry, pork, or beef? Maybe seafood or vegetarian? Whatever you fancy, you'll surely find something on our extensive sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1QS3eiE, We received so many creative entries for the the Pumpkin Contest! Winners are as follows:

Parish 1:
1st place: Make Way for Ducklings 
2nd place: Parish Cafe logo with Zuni Roll
3rd place: Caramel Apples

Parish 2:
1st place: Beauty and the Beast
2nd place: Marshmallow Man
3rd place: Cinderella Carriage, It's lunchtime at Parish!

"Boston's place for sandwiches. All the awards on the wall can't be wrong." -@fredykim79, "Wolves of Boylston Street." -@marlenamarlena, Pumpkin Contest winners announced tomorrow! Happy Halloweekend :), It's a ZUNI ROLL pumpkin! 

Keep 'em coming, as all entries are due *tonight* by midnight! Remember, no carving, piercing, or puncturing of any kind.

🎃 First prize: $500
🎃 Second prize: $250
🎃 Third prize: $100

Winners will be announced on Halloween!, The Pumpkin Contest entries are getting creative!

All are due tomorrow (Thursday) by midnight! Remember, no carving, piercing, or puncturing of any kind. 

🎃 First prize: $500
🎃 Second prize: $250
🎃 Third prize: $100 

Winners will be announced on Halloween!, Entries for our 23rd annual Pumpkin Decorating Contest are due this Thursday by midnight! 🎃, "Some really good Jerk Wings." -@tdot_heat, Enjoying the last of patio weather! 

(Photo by @jlefkarites), We've received our first Pumpkin Contest submission!

You still have time ― all entries must be in by midnight on October 29! There's only one rule: no carving, piercing, or puncturing of the pumpkin of any kind. 

$500, $250, and $100 prizes! Good luck!, Here are a few pumpkins from last year's contest! Are you ready to enter?, It's that time again! 🎃, Happy #NationalDessertDay! A perfect reason to indulge.

Try our White Chocolate Bread Pudding: Brioche style bread pudding with white chocolate and homemade custard. Served warm with a chocolate sauce drizzle and whipped cream. 

(Photo by @whatshouldweorder), With grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil & garlic, arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots, and chilled snap peas, our Hot and Cold Chicken Salad is quite popular!

 Served over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette., The perfect weekend treat.

(photo by @n0unours), "If you've never been to Parish Cafe (I or II), seriously GO! And even if you have been, GO AGAIN! I've never left disappointed; everything's too amazing to even imagine. That [Dbar] on the left is arguably one of the best sandwiches in this universe. The bloodies were also yummy, especially if you like them heavy on the Worcestershire." -@bloodymarybabe, With a combination of cinnamon and fruity flavors, a glass of our Fall Sangria is a perfect choice on a crisp afternoon or evening after work!, Are you energetic and reliable with a positive attitude? Are you a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment?

We're still hiring serves and full-time hosts! To apply, email your resume and availability to boylston@parishcafe.com., This weather calls for comfort food, and our Baked Mac & Cheese is the answer!

A casserole of macaroni mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano and Monterey Jack cheeses and finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs., Thanks Boston.com for featuring the Steak and Blue sandwich, created by Scampo's Lydia Shire!, The Elephant Walking on Eggs, created by The Elephant Walk Executive Chef/Owner Gerard Lopez, is a perfect choice for #WorldVegetarianDay!

Three New England eggs sautéed with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette., Tequila Sangria or a special draft? 🍷🍺, "Just a little sandwich." -@fifidam

This is the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad Sandwich, created by The Langham, Boston Executive Chef Mark Sapienza. 

Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon on an Italian baguette with sliced tomato, Romaine lettuce, and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., We're still hiring serves and full-time hosts!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment.

To apply, email your resume and availability to boylston@parishcafe.com!, Today's special drafts are from Goose Island, Dark Horse Brewing Co., The Shed Brewery, Coronado Brewing Company, and Somerville Brewing - Slumbrew! 🍻, Congratulations Kelly Mesa for finally making it big time!, The Steak and Blue, created by Scampo's Lydia Shire, layers thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with red marinated onions and Roquefort butter. 

Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions!, Happy Friday! #TGIF

(photo by @jprif), null, When you're in need of a cold one, we have you covered!🍻, We're hiring serves and full-time hosts!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment. 

To apply, email your resume and availability to boylston@parishcafe.com!, There is *always* room for dessert, especially when White Chocolate Bread Pudding is an option!

Brioche style bread pudding with white chocolate and homemade custard. Served warm with a chocolate sauce drizzle and whipped cream.

(Photo by @whatshouldweorder), We're getting a lot of Zuni Roll love! Have you tried one yet?

Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla. Served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream., null, We're hiring full-time servers with day, night, and weekend availability!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment. 

To apply, email your resume and availability to boylston@parishcafe.com!, You have a whole night ahead with the holiday tomorrow! Grab a seat and enjoy your favorite drink🍹, Welcome to the weekend! 

This is a Ginger Darling made with GrandTen Distilling Wire Works Gin. Which is your cocktail of choice?, We have the seating, service, food, and drinks. Just bring your appetite!, We're hiring full-time servers with day, night, and weekend availability!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment.

To apply, email your resume and availability to boylston@parishcafe.com, White Chocolate Bread Pudding: your Friday splurge.

(Photo by @fit.happy.girl), null, The B&G Lobster Roll is pretty popular this summer!

Fresh New England lobster meat served on two buttered and grilled brioche hot dog buns with applewood smoked bacon, chopped romaine, tomato confit, and Hellman's mayonnaise. (Created by B&G Oysters Chef/Owner Barbara Lynch.)

Thanks @francantcook @drewdale_dagreat @intoxikatexo for the photos!, Today's selection of Chalkboard Drafts from Stone Brewing Co., Artisan Beverage Cooperative, Coronado Brewing Company, Tap Brewing Company, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, and Lost Abbey!, People-watching on Boylston Street!, We're hiring full-time servers with day, night, and weekend availability!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment.

To apply, email your resume and availability to boylston@parishcafe.com, Our sandwich menu has been updated for summer! 
View it here: bit.ly/1QS3eiE, This Hummus Platter is the perfect snack for when you head out tonight!

Homemade hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, marinated red onions, and roasted red peppers served with grilled pita points.

(Thanks @capecodeatz for the photo!), The L'Espalier is now on special at our Boylston Street location!

Fresh Maine crab meat in a spicy remoulade on fresh brioche bread with mango, avocado. Sided with mixed greens, Cape Cod chips, and sea salt., We have some great Chalkboard Drafts today from Stone Brewing Co., Boulevard Brewing Company, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island, Coronado Brewing Company, and Tap Brewing Company!, Will you go for a Piña Colada, Margarita, Daiquiri, or Mud Slide?, "The best onion rings in Boston." -@hungryhungrymasshole, Which of our sandwiches is your favorite?, TGIF! How about some al fresco dining on this wonderful summer night?, Today's draft specials! Come by for a cold one after work 🍻, If you haven't tried the *new* B&G Lobster Roll, today's the day!

Fresh New England lobster meat served on two buttered and grilled brioche hot dog buns with applewood smoked bacon, chopped romaine, tomato confit, and Hellman's mayonnaise. (Created by B&G Oysters Chef/Owner Barbara Lynch.)

Thanks @meredithmckelvey for the photo!, The Benny, created by Clio Restaurant Chef/Owner Ken Oringer, is back on our menu!

Vietnamese-style spicy grilled chicken breast on a baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint- coriander mayonnaise. Sided with spicy purple cabbage slaw tossed with diced tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil, and cracked peanuts., Happy #NationalChickenWingDay!, LuLu's BLT, created by Lulu's Allston Executive Chef Sarah Wade, has been added to our regular menu!

Thickly cut pecan wood smoked bacon, bibb lettuce, farm tomatoes with herb-garlic mayo, and sundried tomato spread on grilled pain de mie., Introducing the B&G Lobster Roll, now available at both our Back Bay and South End locations! 

Fresh New England lobster meat served on two buttered and grilled brioche hot dog buns with applewood smoked bacon, chopped romaine, tomato confit, and Hellman's mayonnaise. (Created by B&G Oysters Chef/Owner Barbara Lynch.)

Thanks @jamesrumohr for the photo!, TGIF! See you for a drink later on?, Thanks, Boston.com!, Cheers to a new week 🍻

Thanks @amlindsay89 for the photo!, It sure is., The Campbell, with soy and ginger marinated grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette, is now on special!

Also layering cilantro mayo, avocado puree, pickled red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs and served with mixed greens. Created by Troquet Chef/Owner Scott Hebert., Created by O Ya Restaurant Executive Chef/Owner Tim Cushman, the Spicy Tuna Burger is made with sashimi grade yellow fin tuna finely chopped & formed into a patty, and grilled to medium rare. 

Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds, and a kabayaki drizzle., A Saturday afternoon refresher🍹

(Photo by @martinatchet), We're thrilled the rain decided to hold off today! Take a seat and enjoy your evening with us., Sangria + Watermelon Margaritas + Bread Pudding = :) 

Sara and friends made some nice choices!, Happy 4th!

(Photo by @zachschladetzky), Begin your holiday weekend with some friends on the patio 🍷🍴, Which of today's Chalkboard Drafts would you like?, What's for dinner? 

@eatingboston chose the Bristol: rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted focaccia with Boursin cheese, a homemade Béarnaise aioli, Boston Bibb lettuce, and sliced tomato. Created by The Bristol Lounge Chef Brooke Vosika., Forget about the rain and relax with a Bloody Mary!, Simmer Magazine tried and loved Sean's Simple Chicken!

Pounded, breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. Served over garlic-mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil., It's a wonderful Wednesday over here in downtown Boston! Swing by for some food and a drink on the patio., Happy #NationalOnionRingsDay!, You've had our Ice Cream Sandwich, but what about our Bread Pudding dessert?

(Photo by @sterling.dl), Perfect right now :), Today's Chalkboard Drafts: Bantam Cider Americain, Stone Brewing Co. Stochasticity HiFi + LoFi Mixtape, Weyerbacher Brewing Tarte Noveau, Hidden Cove Brewing Company Scurvy Cure, Harpoon Brewery U.F.O. Big Squeeze, & Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grapefruit Sculpin.

Which will you choose?, If you haven't tried our Egg Quesadilla, now's the time.

A cheese quesadilla on top of a black bean spread topped with two eggs over medium, pico de gallo, and sour cream. Enjoy by yourself or split as an app!, A cool, refreshing drink on a warm day..., A perfect evening for al fresco dining. #TGIF!, Sounds good to us... come join on the patio!, Thanks, Matador Network!, "Wings and things." #SnackTime

Thanks @sterling.dl for the photo!, The sun is shining and everyone's lunching on the patio. #TGIF!, Another happy customer due to our Zuni Roll!

Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla. Served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream., The Elephant Walking on Eggs, created by The Elephant Walk Executive Chef/Owner Gerard Lopez, is now on special!

Three New England eggs sautéed with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette., A comforting cup of coffee for those rainy day blues., It's Thursday night, meaning the work week is *almost* over and the bar is calling your name. What makes your perfect cocktail?, We make it easy for you to unwind and soak up the sun with comfortable patio seating, gourmet sandwiches, and refreshing White Sangria., Created by lumiere the restaurant Chef/Owner Michael Leviton, the Lumière is piled with thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. 

Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., Where are you headed after work in this wonderful weather? We think giant onion rings and refreshing cocktails on the patio are a good idea., The Regis, with soy & scallion marinated flank steak and sliced portobello mushrooms on Romano cheese crusted French bread, is a huge customer favorite and on special again!

Created by Susan Regis (Upstairs on the Square). Try for yourself and see why it's so popular!, You made it through Monday! 

Chill out after work with a Cran-Apple Margarita, made with Sauza Tequila, triple sec, house made clove syrup, chilled apple cider, lemon, & cranberry. Served on the rocks with a cinnamon & sugar rim., Soo's table ordered Le Mistral and The Bristol for lunch! 

Which will you have? View our gourmet sandwich selection here: http://bit.ly/1QS3eiE, The Regis, created by Susan Regis (Upstairs on the Square), is now on special!

Made with soy & scallion marinated flank steak and sliced portobello mushrooms on Romano cheese crusted French bread., When you're halfway through the week, make Wednesday night extra exciting with an Ice Cream Sandwich and some beer!, We love fresh beets, especially with chopped romaine, diced tomatoes, and a citrus-walnut vinaigrette!

That makes up our Beet Salad, topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese, and served with garlic crostinis., When in doubt, go for the Zuni Roll!

Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla. Served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream., Downtown people watching, shade, and refreshing drinks are all options out on our patio!, It's now been patio weather for a few days straight, and we couldn't be happier! Come take advantage of a seat right downtown for some al fresco dining., Sunday calls for an Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise, created by Craigie On Main Chef/Owner Tony Maws. Complete your meal with nothing other than a Bloody Mary!, TGIF! Swing by after work... drinks like these are waiting., The Hot and Cold Chicken Salad tosses protein, greens, and a ton of flavor!

Grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots, and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette., Start the week on a high note and get through your Monday with our Baked Mac & Cheese, made with three different cheeses and topped with Ritz cracker crumbs!, @tdelo85 says the Dbar, created by Deuxave owner Chris Coombs, is "goodness."

Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet on a toasted baguette with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese, tomato-caper relish, and tarragon mustard aioli., If you haven't had a Spicy Tuna Burger since it returned to our menu, today should be the day.

O Ya Restaurant Executive Chef/Owner Tim Cushman created this one with sashimi grade yellow fin tuna finely chopped & formed into a patty, and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds, and a kabayaki drizzle., Phantom Gourmet's top picks at Parish Cafe? The famous Zuni Roll and baked Reggae Wings., Very useful info if you're in the city today! 

We'll be open regular hours at 11:30am ― if you find yourself downtown, stop by for some food or a drink later!, We have you covered with the perfect Sunday afternoon snack: a Hummus Platter with a pitcher of Sangria., How do you kick off Friday nights?, Wine tasting day with the Parish I & II staff!, Thanks BostInno for including our patio!, @carolynn_chang and friends are just as excited as we are for patio season! 

Stop by for a seat under the sun with some sangria and one of our gourmet sandwiches, and hope this weather is here to stay!, "Boston's Parish Cafe is easily one of the best sandwich places I've ever been to."

Thanks @kellyufit for the shout! Kelly chose The Lumiére: thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., #TGIF! We'd love to see you this evening as you kick off your weekend., The Schlow, layered with thin-sliced roasted rare sirloin, caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula, and a horseradish-cream sauce, is on special tonight!

Created by Tico's Michael Schlow, this one is delish and will get your mind off the rain outside., It sure is, and we couldn't be more excited. Stop by for lunch, drinks, or a snack while you're out and about!, Happy Easter! We're open regular hours today., Soy and ginger marinated grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette? We have that, thanks to Troquet Chef/Owner Scott Hebert's Campbell sandwich!

Also layering cilantro mayo, avocado puree, pickled red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Topped with fresh cilantro sprigs and served with mixed greens., "Onion rings done right." -@joelf15

When you want just a little something extra..., ICYMI: this Egg Quesadilla, a perfect mid-afternoon snack or dinner starter, has been added to our menu! 

Toasted tortilla, black bean spread, pico de gallo, sour cream, Monterey Jack & cheddar cheeses, and over-medium eggs., One good thing about cold weather: an excuse sip our Parish Buttered Rum cocktail!

Bacardi Oakheart Rum, butterscotch liquor, and coffee served hot with whipped cream and crushed Butterfingers. #YUM, Created by lumiere the restaurant Chef/Owner Michael Leviton, the Lumière is piled with thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. 

Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., The Nebo is on special today!

Italian tuna, tomato, lettuce, sliced hard boiled egg, fresh basil, olive tapenade, and a mediterranean aioli. Created by Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters., "Some serious looking sandwiches for brunch." -@shallweelee 

Sided with a Bowl-O-Rings, of course! What's your favorite brunch combo?, Start your weekend right and go for this big bowl of Pasta Bolognese!

Rigatoni pasta sautéed with ground beef, pork, and veal tossed in a spicy tomato sauce and topped with shaved Parmesan., Hot Chocolate sounds like a good idea right about now... come warm up after work and have one yourself!, Simmer Magazine is right about Sean's Simple Chicken!

Pounded, breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. Served over garlic-mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil., Imagine you're in paradise and end your weekend with a Cran-Apple Margarita!

Made with Sauza Tequila, triple sec, house made clove syrup, chilled apple cider, lemon, & cranberry. Served on the rocks with a cinnamon & sugar rim., A special thank you to Nani for giving us our boy back...

Coming soon: Lloyd & Nani's., Happy Friday! Today we recommend the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad Sandwich, created by Langham Boston Executive Chef Mark Sapienza.

Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon on an Italian baguette with sliced tomato, Romaine lettuce, and crisp fried onions. Add a beer and you've kicked off the weekend right!, null, Want a cold one after work? Come by for one of our current Chalkboard Drafts!

Pete recommends Night Shift Brewing Whirlpool. "It's local and very popular.", The Mexican Meatball and an Oxley Gin Spritz: your lunch break done right.

*We'll be closing the kitchen at 4pm/bar at 4:30pm today due to our staff holiday party!, Please note: we have a staff holiday party tomorrow and will be closing the kitchen at 4pm/bar at 4:30pm.

We'll be back regular hours on Tuesday!, "Ice cream and beer for dinner..." -@ntheiss

Well it IS the weekend, after all!, Another favorite, The Schlesinger, is back on the menu!

Warm banana nut bread served open faced with melted Monterey Jack cheese and thinly sliced ham, sided with a banana mango chutney and purple cabbage slaw. Created by Chris Schlesinger., The Burke is on special today, and Molly is enjoying one ― she has been a vegetarian for two years, but couldn't resist!, Congrats, you made it through yet another Monday! Head on over and join us at the bar for some eats and after-work drinks., Congratulations! Gordon had a baby!, Also back on our menu is the Spicy Tuna Burger, created by Tim Cushman, O Ya Restaurant Executive Chef/Owner!

Sashimi grade yellow fin tuna, finely chopped, formed into a patty, and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds, and a kabayaki drizzle., Vegetarian Potstickers are back on the menu!

Sautéed and served with sticky rice, an Asian dipping sauce, and a Chinese mustard, we recommend this plate for a snack or dinner starter., Our Choco-Berry Split is hot and on special! If you prefer a cold one, Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin (*limited availability*) is on tap.

Enjoy with your favorite food item ― we've made some additions: http://bit.ly/1DloDua, With smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce, the Zuni Roll will never do you wrong., Our mid-week dinner pick: Pasta Bolognese.

This hearty dish of rigatoni pasta sautéed with ground beef, pork, and veal is tossed in a spicy tomato sauce and topped with shaved Parmesan., Thanks Zagat for featuring our Cheese Ravioli and Sweet Sausage as a "must-try" in Boston!, ......and we're back!

Come by our freshly renovated space and try The Bristol, created by The Bristol Lounge's Executive Chef Brooke Vosika.
 
Rosemary, thyme, & garlic marinated grilled chicken breast on toasted focaccia with Boursin cheese, tomato, Boston Bib lettuce, & Bearnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., Update: After a week of renovations, we'll be back in action on Tuesday 2/17 (instead of tomorrow)!, Hope everyone is enjoying the snow! Just a reminder that we're closed all week for renovations and will re-open next Monday at 11:30am.

Parish Cafe II in the South End is closed for renovations today only and will re-open tomorrow., Please note: we will be closing at 4pm tomorrow for a week of renovations.

In the meantime, make a visit to Parish Cafe II in the South End. See you on the 16th!, Today's appetizer special: Egg Quesadilla!

Toasted tortilla, black bean spread, pico de gallo, sour cream, Monterey Jack & cheddar cheeses, and over-medium eggs. A perfect mid-afternoon snack or dinner starter., We're right along the parade route ― come warm up inside!, After being stuck inside yesterday, you sure could use a comforting meal like our Cheese Ravioli and Sweet Sausage.

Oversized cheese ravioli and sweet Italian sausage tossed in Sean's homemade gravy and topped with Pecorino cheese. Mouth-watering!, Our top three game day snacks: Bowl-O-Rings, Roasted 'Reggae' Wings, and Vegetarian Corn Cakes.

Come grab a seat at the bar or a table with your friends and cheer on the #PATS with us!, The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika of The Bristol Lounge, is on special today!

Pair with one of our Chalkboard Drafts ― Pete recommends Clown Shoes Beer Galactica and Night Shift Brewing Embark. "Two locals IPAs that could not be more different from each other.", We will be open regular hours today. Hope you're hungry!, Snow hours for the Wilcox Hospitality Group:

-Parish Cafe & Parish Cafe II: Closing at 10pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday.
-Lower Depths: Closing at 11pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday.
-The Tip Tap Room: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu.
-Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Estelle's Southern Cuisine: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Bukowski Boston & Cambridge: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu., You better have a full meal now in case you can't make it out tomorrow!

Sean's Meatloaf Club, White Chocolate Bread Pudding, and a Russian Espresso cocktail will fill you right up., Looking for an afternoon snack?

Sean's Simple Meatball, oversized and topped with tomato sauce & grated pecorino cheese, is served with toasted crostinis and will hold you over 'til dinner time., Kick off your Thursday night with a fruity, refreshing cocktail!

Between a Cran-Apple Margarita and The Bog, which will it be?, Coming soon: Clown Shoes Beer Galactica & Space Cake!

(Click the images for more info about each beer.), You would *almost* think the Elephant Walking on Eggs is a breakfast sandwich, but it sure is close enough!

Three New England eggs sautéed with assorted julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers with a balsamic vinaigrette., We did a little wall revamp by the front door! What do you think?, Le Mistral, stuffed with garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare, is now on special!

Served on cibatta and loaded with caramelized onions, chive, mashed potatoes, melted Bel Paese cheese, seasoned arugula, truffle aioli, and crispy onions, this sandwich a savory, filling lunch choice., Wind down after the first day back at work with some beers & eats.

@linbin13 and friends settled with Sean's Simple Meatball and a Bowl-O-Rings. Looks good to us!, Attn. Muggers: it's that time again! Don't forget to come renew your mug., Warm up with our award-winning Woodford Reserve Cocoa ― on special now!, The Benny, a sandwich made with Vietnamese-style, spicy grilled chicken breast, is a creation by Clio Restaurant Chef/Owner Ken Oringer.

Served on a hard baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint-coriander mayonnaise., Perhaps you should follow @baconizedbostonian's lead and top off your weekend with a hearty dish of Pasta Bolognese.

Rigatoni pasta sautéed with ground beef, pork, and veal tossed in a spicy tomato sauce, topped with shaved Parmesan. Warm up!, When it comes to comfort classics, Sean's Meatloaf Club is like an entrée in sandwich form!

Created by our very own Sean Simmons, with homemade chipotle meatloaf, applewood smoked bacon, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., null, Stuffed with roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme, and tarragon, the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad sandwich is something you'll want to savor forever.

Topped with crisp fried onions, and created by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef at Café Fleuri at The Langham Hotel., Tenderized, sliced flank steak in a soy, chili garlic marinade. Mmm...

That's exactly what you'll get in The Vieira, created by our own Ederson Vieira! Sautéed and served on an Italian sub roll with watercress, roasted red peppers, sliced white onions and a homemade basil aioli., Merry Christmas to all!

We will be closing at 5 tonight for the holiday ― be back on Friday!, This Cheese Ravioli and Sweet Sausage dish is NEW to our menu!

Oversized cheese ravioli and sweet Italian sausage tossed in Sean's homemade gravy and topped with Pecorino cheese., The Schlow, created by Tico Chef/Owner Michael Schlow, is layered with thin-sliced roasted rare sirloin, caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula, and a horseradish-cream sauce.

See you for lunch!, Take a seat at our bar and enjoy Slumbrew's Attic & Eaves, now on draft!

"An autumn brown ale with distinctive toasty flavors from an assortment of roasted malts and grains. A bright hop finish from Cascade and Fuggles balance the toasted grain notes to create a new expression of autumn brown ales.", The Big Cheese sure is big, and on special now!

Grilled Pullman bread layered with Melted Fontina cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and vine ripened tomatoes., Do you like your salad hot or cold?

Have it both ways with our Hot & Cold Chicken Salad: grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots, and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette., Now THOSE are onion rings!

We can make you a tasty bowl o' these homemade, beer-battered & deep-fried onion rings with a side of homemade chipotle aioli.

(Photo by @onionologist), Come by after work for one of our chalkboard drafts! Pete suggests Peak Organic Brewing's Winter Session Ale.

Also on: Bantam Cider Rojo, White Birch Brewing Blueberry Berliner Weisse, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Calico Amber Ale, Harpoon Brewery UFO Gingerland, and Jack's Abby Brewing Ham On Rye., The Old Cuban & Apple Jacked Martini are two new drink specials ready to be tasted! Which do you want to try today?, Created by Flour Bakery+Cafe's Executive Chef/Owner Joanne Chang, a Flour BLT with applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce, and basil-mayo on Texas toast will surely satisfy you.

@ninn610 enjoyed it, and we know you will too!, Does this weather have you in the mood for soup? We don't blame you.

Our Chicken Corn Chowder & Italian Wedding have you covered ― on special now!, Thirsty? Pete highly recommends Backlash Beer Co.'s Groundswell!

The Belgian style Blond ale is brewed "with four different varieties of malt, which results in a golden color and smooth mouth-feel. Subtle yet complex flavor components include pilsner malt sweetness, fruity yeast esters and citrus notes from the addition of Indian coriander.", The Mexican Meatball isn't made with ordinary meatballs...

They're cilantro-infused Mexican meatballs smothered with melted pepper jack cheese, sliced red onions, romaine, and tomatoes. Now THAT'S a sandwich, created by Brian Poe, Executive Chef at The Tip Tap Room & Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake.

(Photo by @amoryeonj), Made with three different cheeses and topped with Ritz cracker crumbs, our Baked Mac & Cheese will end your weekend right.

Dig in!, Still full of turkey? 

Here are two things you DIDN'T have yesterday: Glasgow Iced Tea & Woodford's Kentucky Dessert. On special now!, Wishing you an enjoyable holiday! Surround yourself with your favorite people and delicious food.

We will be closed tomorrow, and return with regular hours on Friday!, We now have the latest Enjoy By from Stone Brewing Co.! 

You only have a month to try this "devastatingly fresh double IPA.", Beef and pasta get along famously... that's why we created a Beef Braciole Cheese Ravioli dish! 

Oversized cheese ravioli in a  homemade sauce topped with beef braciole — on special now!, A Michelada is a Mexican "cerveza preparada" made with beer, lime juice, and assorted sauces, spices, and peppers.

We make our Ham On Rye Michelada with Jack's Abby Brewing #RIPSeries Ham On Rye, topped with our homemade Bloody Mary mix & garnished with applewood smoked bacon, olives, and a lemon. 

Try it while it's on special!, This is all we have left of these extremely rare bottles of aged Old Rip Van Winkle Distillery Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey!

Come taste for yourself before they're empty!, Try a new cocktail with dinner tonight!

The Bog: Cranberry Deep Eddy Vodka, chipotle cranberry, lime, and soda water served on the rocks with a lime., Thanks BostInno for featuring our Zuni Roll as one of 15 turkey-stuffed sandwiches to try right now!

Read the article: http://bit.ly/1xQQsbL, The Rialto, created by Rialto Restaurant Chef/Owner Jody Adams, takes a standard ham and cheese sandwich up a notch!

Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on garlic and olive oil rubbed Texas toast. Served with a mixed green and sundried tomato salad with a pine nut dressing., Looking for lunch in the Back Bay? Leave it up to us.

(Photo by @shban91), We have new chalkboard drafts!

Bantam Cider Rojo, Mayflower Brewing Company Thanksgiving Ale, Harpoon Brewery Grateful Harvest Ale, Wolaver's Organic Brewing Pumpkin Ale, Peak Organic Brewing Pale Ale, and Jack's Abby Brewing Ham On Rye.

Also just added on tap: Stone Brewing Co. Go-To IPA & Jack's Abby Calyptra. Drink up!, Start your week off right with The Zuni Roll!

Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a warm flour tortilla.

And there's more! Served with homemade potato salad or coleslaw, and a side of cranberry chipotle sauce & sour cream with scallions. (Photo by @alishadesigns4u), Teriyaki-glazed and grilled, the rare tuna steak in The Blue Ginger will win over your tastebuds.

Served on focaccia with avocado, wasabi aioli, lettuce, and tomato + a mild Asian slaw.

(Thanks @lpksfitmom for the photo!), @yunaoh just enjoyed The Mexican Meatball — see for yourself!

Cilantro infused Mexican Meatballs on a toasted baguette with melted pepper jack cheese, sliced red onions, Romaine, and tomatoes. Served with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus and an aguas frescas salad with a cilantro-lime vinaigrette.

(Created by Brian Poe, Executive Chef at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake & The Tip Tap Room), Announcing our Annual Pumpkin Contest winners!

1st place: Where the Wild Things Are
2nd place: Yellow Submarine
3rd place: Flower Power

We received so many amazing and creative entries. Thanks to all for participating!, It's #NationalSandwichDay! Celebrate with one of our many sandwiches, like the Steak and Blue, created by Lydia Shire, Executive Chef/Owner, Scampo.

Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with red marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions., What's for lunch? @candy_tummy chose the Parish Chicken Sandwich!

Baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine, sliced tomato, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of chipotle aioli., Check out the decorative display Aimee made for Halloween! It's along the wall with all the pumpkin submissions., Halloween is here, and the winner of our Annual Pumpkin Contest will be announced today!

Take a look at some of the submissions we received — recognize some of the characters?, Thanks Tom., Everyone's pumpkins are looking great! You have until midnight to enter Parish I + Parish Cafe II's 22nd Annual Pumpkin Contest!, The Russian Espresso cocktail is NEW and delicious!

Vanilla Stoli Vodka, BAILEYS Coffee Creamers, espresso Pinnacle Vodka, and milk served on the rocks. Topped with cocoa and coffee powder., Happy National Chocolate Day!

Ice Cream Sandwich vs. White Chocolate Bread Pudding… 

Which of our desserts do you choose?, Created by Jamie Bissonnette, Coppa Enoteca & Toro Chef/Owner, the Eggplant Milanesa is a great choice for #MeatlessMonday! 

Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese, served with chipotle Mexican slaw.

(Photo by @tomconstantino), Good news: Vegetarian Corn Cakes are BACK on the menu! 

*jumps up and down*

Pan seared and baked corn cakes served with pico de gallo and sliced avocado, topped with scallion-mustard remoulade., Our NEW Cran-Apple Margarita brightens up this weather!

Sauza Tequila, Triple Sec, house made clove syrup, chilled apple cider, lemon, and cranberry. Served on the rocks with a cinnamon & sugar rim!, You have until October 29th to enter Parish Cafe + Parish Cafe II's 22nd Annual Pumpkin Contest for the chance to win cash prizes!

We can't wait to see what you come up with. Just remember: no carving or puncturing of ANY kind!, Warm up to the fall weather with the new Parish Buttered Rum cocktail!

Bacardi Oakheart Rum, butterscotch liquor, and coffee served hot with whipped cream and crushed Butterfingers. #WOW, You can get this at our Back Bay location, too!, Treat yourself to something good this afternoon. A sandwich or corn cakes, perhaps?

Happy lunching!

(Photo by IG user @sweta295), Also available at Parish I — come try one this weekend!, We have Harvest Sangria on special for the next 2 weeks!

Sit down & enjoy this autumnal mix of Shiraz, Bacardi Oakheart, apple cider, orange, lemon, brandy, cloves, cinnamon, and vanilla.... those leaves can be raked later, anyway., Pete + Harpoon Brewery Leviathan IPA = one EXCELLENT afternoon!

More on the beer from Harpoon: "This Imperial IPA is brewed with loads of pale malt and just enough caramel malt to provide a sweet malt backbone to balance the hop intensity. We used a mix of our favorite American hops including Chinook, Centennial, Simcoe, and Amarillo to create a complex hop flavor and lingering bitterness. Harpoon’s proprietary yeast lends fruity esters, while dry-hopping at the rate of over one pound per barrel produces this beer’s massive aroma.", "Le Mistral and Mexican Meatball Sub, my new two best friends." - IG user @gurriapu

Looks like the best of both worlds!, We're ready to see your pumpkins!, Happy #NationalDessertDay!

Now you have a  reason to splurge on some White Chocolate Bread Pudding.

Brioche style bread pudding made with white chocolate and homemade custard. Served warm with chocolate sauce and whipped cream. 

(Photo by IG user @whatshouldweorder), In case you were wondering about Pretty Things: http://bit.ly/1scVtrR, Our Bowl-O-Rings is tasty and perfectly appropriate for #MeatlessMonday!

Homemade, beer-battered and deep-fried onion rings served with a side of homemade chipotle aioli.

Come dig in and end the long weekend right. We're open all day!

(Photo by IG user @jeongsonyaa), This Hot and Cold Chicken Salad looks much too good to turn down!

Grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots, and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette.

(Photo by IG user @emilythorndike), EventbriteBoston just named our patio one of Boston's best places for people watching!

Check out the list here: http://bit.ly/BosFallGuide, "What's for lunch?" you ask.

"Le Mistral," we answer.

Created by Ostra Boston's Exec. Chef Mitchell Randall, this garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin sandwich is grilled to medium rare, served on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, and melted Bel Paese cheese. Topped with seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli, and crispy onions + sided with Cape Cod potato chips. 

(Photo by IG user @minnietu87), If you like chicken, you'll love The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef at The Bristol Lounge. 

Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette.

(Photo by Instagram user @kashifoodz), Do you feel those warm rays? That, our friends, is SUN!

You know where to find us......, Gentleman Ginger: Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey Gentleman Jack with ginger syrup, honey, fresh squeezed lemon, and ginger ale.

A delicious cocktail after a long week of work! TGIF everyone., We're celebrating National Homemade Cookie Day a day late... because there's no such thing as a "bad time" for an Ice Cream Sandwich!

Thanks @asheleybabbs for the great photo. :), Pete's showcasing our lovely chalkboard drafts: Bantam Cider Americain, Long Trail Brewing Harvest Ale, Harpoon Brewery 100 Barrel Cambridge Uncommon, Dogfish Head Beer Pun'kin, Buk's / Mayflower Brewing Company Lazy Ambition, and...

Night Shift Brewing's Viva Habanero, a rye ale brewed with agave nectar and aged on habanero peppers!!, Thanks WBZ | CBS Boston!, Take advantage of this weekend's wonderful weather with lunch on the patio! 

(by IG user @chaeee123), Have you tried the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad yet? @steph_son has!

Created by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef at Bond at the Langham Boston., This delicious sandwich is on special now: The Blue Ginger by Ming Tsai, Executive Chef/Owner of Blue Ginger!

Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion foccacia with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, a wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Served with an Asian slaw., null, Happy 1st day of fall from the Zuni Roll!, There's two days of summer left. You know where we'll be all day! ;), "True happiness: working for oneself." - Gordon Wilcox, Sangria isn't a Friday-only thing, but it sure tastes better when you know you've got off the next day!

Photo by @mcgrail., The Coppa is on special through the rest of the week!

Created by Jamie Bissonnette of Coppa Enoteca + Toro:
Slow roasted pork belly on a seeded bun with Hellmann's mayo, american cheese, jalapeños, and caramelized onions. Sided with potato salad or coleslaw., Chalkboard drafts:

Doc's Draft Hard Cider Apple, Anderson Valley Brewing Company Boont Amber, Harpoon Brewery 100 Barrel Cambridge Uncommon, Dogfish Head Beer Indian Brown, & Port Brewing / The Lost abbey IPA! 

Just imagine drinking one of these with "Take Me Home Tonight" by Eddie Money playing in the background... because it is., Today at lunch, get a much-needed dose of comfort with the Flour B.L.T.!

Created by Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery:
Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., Loving @classy_mcnugget's photo of the Le Mistral from Thursday!

Created by: Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef – Ostra Boston:
Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare, served on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes and melted Bel Paese cheese. Topped with seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli and crispy onions. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips., "another reason to love #boston : the food"

We couldn't agree more! Thanks for the photo, Dani Lauren Music!, Need a post-work pick me up?

Give Meg's Spicy Sapphire a spin! It's got Bombay Sapphire East Gin bruised with rosemary, jalapeño, strawberry & lemon juice., You deserve a lunch with some real flavor, like Michael Leviton's (lumiere the restaurant) Lumière!

Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., Say goodbye to the weekend with a taste of home!

Try any of our "comfort classics": Sean’s Meatloaf Club, The Flour B.L.T., and The Mexican Meatball (pictured)!, This lunch break, BOND over something delicious!

The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad, created by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef at Bond at the Langham Hotel:
Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon on an Italian baguette with sliced tomato, Romaine lettuce, and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., Our cocktail special is the Jalapeño Sunrise, made with Corzo tequila, pineapple juice, jalapeño, lime juice and a red wine float.

A taste of vacation in every sip!, Parish Cafe in the Back Bay and South End are open regular hours today!

What sandwich will you be celebrating Labor Day with?, Just showing some Sunday Zuni love!

Photo by @najaness via Instagram., Gordon with his favorite girls!, The long weekend is here! You deserve a break...and some sangria.

We'll be open all #LaborDay weekend., There is no wrong time for a #sandwich.

Good thing we've got a wide selection! http://parishcafe.com/boylston/menu/sandwiches/, Thank you to everyone who came out to The Tip Tap Room last night to support Massachusetts General Hospital's Global Surgical Initiative! 

Pick up a copy of today's Boston Herald for a nice wrap-up of our 1st annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser, or check out the article online here: http://bit.ly/1zzogIj

Photo gallery: http://bit.ly/1tR7Lpf, Good friends, good cocktails, and a Bowl-O-Rings on the patio. Sounds like the perfect Sunday to us!

Homemade, beer-battered and deep-fried onion rings served with a side of homemade chipotle aioli., Which draft beer would you pair with Sean's Meatloaf Club?

Photo by @doingthatwrong via Instagram., Here's a photo from Anna's farewell lunch at The Bristol Lounge with her boyfriend and Parish Cafe owners Gordon Wilcox and Sean Simmons!

We'll miss you Anna!, Wow! A beautiful photo of The Nebo, taken by @emykoh on Instagram!

Created by The Pallotta Sisters, Executive Chefs/Owners of Ristorante Nebo:
Italian style tuna on a crunchy baguette with an olive tapenade, Mediterranean aioli, lettuce, tomato, sliced hard boiled eggs, fresh basil, sliced red onions, and a balsamic vinegar drizzle. Served with a string bean and tomato salad with a lemon-olive oil dressing., Tim's pouring an ice-cold beer (or shandy) ...Just for you!

Chalkboard draft specials:
Downeast Cider House Lemonade
Peak Organic Brewing Nut Brown 
Harpoon Brewery 100 Barrel Citra Victorious
Traveler Beer Company Time Traveler Strawberry 
Cambridge Brewing Company Sgt. Pepper 
Mayflower Brewing Company RIP Series Lazy Ambition, How's this for some Sunday comfort food?

Two warm chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce!

Photo: @rtquint on Instagram, A lovely photo of the Spicy Tuna Burger, taken by @diztoto on Instagram!

Created by: Tim Cushman, Executive Chef/Owner – O Ya Restaurant:
Sashimi grade yellowfin tuna, ﬁnely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, Roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle., Funds raised from the first annual "Chefs For Clefts" event will directly assist Dr. Jay Austen's (and his plastic surgery team from Massachusetts General Hospital) trips to Colombia, which provide a brighter future to children scarred by horrible burns or born with congenital deformities.

Please join us at The Tip Tap Room on August 25th as we enjoy Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d'oeuvres, all to benefit this life-changing cause.

Get your tickets today: http://bit.ly/1nV0Syd, How 'bout a pitcher & The Rialto to wash away today's weather blues?

Photo by @estmeeh on Instagram., Less than 2 weeks!, TONIGHT!

We're so excited for the premiere of Travel Channel's Sandwich Paradise 3, tonight at 10pm!

Tune in for a behind-the-scenes look at Sean Simmons in the kitchen, showing the Food Paradise crew the secret ingredient in his Meatloaf Club!

More on the episode + clips: http://bit.ly/1vCmARD, Lunching alone isn't so bad when you've got an iced coffee & The Benny!

Hungry yet?

Photo by: Sarah Der Photography, No matter the meal, you can't go wrong with some wings & sandwiches!

(Photo by @jayesselle.), Thank you Eater Boston for including us in your list of 70 patios to visit before the season ends! http://bit.ly/1y9mEEh, We're so honored to be featured on Travel Channel's Food Paradise: Sandwich Paradise 3!

Get an early behind-the-scenes look at co-owner Sean Simmons in the kitchen, spilling the SECRET ingredient in his infamous Meatloaf Club here: http://www.travelchannel.com/video/bostons-sandwich-heaven

And tune in to the Travel Channel at 10pm on Tuesday, August 12th to see the full episode live!, Drinks on drinks on drinks!

Here's our special Skinny City Margarita, limited drafts, and bottle specials!, There is no Monday that the Zuni can't fix!, White or Red Sangria - take your pick!

Thanks to REGianatasio Photography for the great photo!, After-work munchies? Try our current sandwich special: The Big Cheese!

Created by our own Peter Culpo, it's got Fontina Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, & Vine Ripe Tomatoes on French Pullman Bread. Served grilled with Cape Cod chips., Work over near Boylston Street?

The rain's temporarily let up - head over for a delicious Eggplant Milanesa, created by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner of Coppa Enoteca & Toro!, There's no such thing as too many patio photos!

#TGIF., Sometimes we all just need a little comfort.

Which comfort classic is your favorite: Sean's Meatloaf Club, The Mexican Meatball, or the Flour B.L.T.?

We love them all!, Our current sandwich special is The L'Espalier by Frank McClelland!

Fresh Maine crabmeat mixed in a homemade remoulade served open face on toasted Brioche bread, topped with mango and avocado slices. Served with Cape Cod chips and salted greens., #regram from Peak Organic Brewing Boston of The Bond Chicken Salad and a pint of Mayflower Brewing Company #RIPseries "Lazy Ambition" before Saturday's Drink Craft Beer Summerfest!

Sounds like a great way to end this Monday. :), Another beautiful day on the patio! 

Join us. :), One of the only things that could cheer us up on a rainy day: The Parish Chicken Sandwich!

The side of homemade chipotle aioli doesn't hurt either. ;), Out late on Boylston Street?

We serve our full menu until 1am every night - stop by for a plate of shareable Vegetarian Potstickers with an Asian dipping sauce and a Chinese mustard!, Our latest chalkboard drafts!

Woodchuck Cider Amber
Uinta Brewing Bristle Cone Brown Ale
Oskar Blues Brewery Mama's Little Yella Pils
Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Union Jack
Blatant Brewery IPA
Mayflower Brewing Company #RIPseries Lazy Ambition, #TBT: The New York Times feature on Parish Cafe & our chef-filled sandwich menu, nearly 20 years ago in October 1996!, Choose one of our limited drafts on this beautiful day!

Mayflower Brewing Company RIP Series Lazy Ambition 
Woodchuck Cider Amber 
Portico Brewing Company Fuzzy Logic 
Two Roads Brewing Company Honeyspot Road White IPA 
Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Union Jack IPA 
Uinta Brewing Bristlecone Brown Ale, This week's sandwich special is The Alternative!

Tuna Salad tossed in a Roasted Red Pepper Mayo, served open faced on toasted Tuscan Wheat Triangles with melted Monterey Jack Cheese & Applewood Smoked Bacon. Served with chips., Is Brazil's goalie BLIND today?

5 goals in a half hour - step it up #BRA! #WorldCup, What's your favorite post-work sandwich?

Photo by: http://instagram.com/samsaggese, Cheers to summer, sunshine, and Naragansett Del's Shandy!, The sun's back out...

Time to head to the patio!, It's the day of the red, white, blue, and ZUNI.

Happy #July4th! We're open regular hours today., Heading to the Esplanade tonight?

Pre-game the fireworks with a Spicy Tuna Burger!

Created by: Tim Cushman, Executive Chef/Owner – O Ya Restaurant:
Sashimi grade yellowfin tuna, ﬁnely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, Roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips., Thanks again Mayor Walsh for joining Gordon and the Wilcox Hospitality Group for dinner last night!, Hannah (U), Sarah (S), and Tim (A) showing their 'MURICA spirit with our current limited drafts:

Woodchuck Cider Amber
Uinta Brewing Bristle Cone Brown Ale
Firestone Walker Brewing co. Union Jack
Portico Brewing Company Fuzzy Logic
Two Roads Brewing Company Honeyspot Road White IPA

#goUSA!!, Let's go #USMNT!, Stop by for a Sunday sangria session!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/mcgrail, null, null, Let's go #USA!

#USAvsGER kicks off at noon & we've got the all the hummus & cocktails you could ever need..., This heat is making us feel like we're in the Caribbean. 

Guess it's time for some Roasted 'Reggae' Wings!

A generous portion of baked roaster wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney., Get a taste of breakfast at lunch with the Elephant Walking on Eggs “Sandwich from the Mountain”!

Created by: Gerard Lopez, Executive Chef/Owner – The Elephant Walk, Cambridge: Three New England eggs sautéed with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette., Brian Poe, Gordon Wilcox, and Gene Williams invite you to an impromptu fundraiser upstairs at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake for the Chica Project!

Light 'em up Sunday at 5pm sharp for USA vs Portugal. #WorldCup, We are celebrating the first official day of summer with a beach party!

Get your sunblock ready & order up a Mimosa Beach Bucket - a bottle of Domaine Carneros Winery Brut Sparkling served with your choice of OJ, blood orange, apple cider, peach, strawberry, or guava juices!, What will it be today - poultry, pork, or vegetarian?

L-R: The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad, The Lumière, Eggplant Milanesa., TGIF! Try one of our new limited drafts:

Woodchuck Cider Amber
Woodstock Inn Brewery Pig's Ear Brown
Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Easy Jack
Portico Brewing Company Fuzzy Logic
Two Roads Brewing Company Honeyspot, The Burke is back on special today!

Created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Come by the bar & cool off with the Blood Orange Quencher & Peach Punch, the virgin versions of our Blood Orange Mango Margarita & White Sangria, respectively.

See you soon!, Congrats to Gordon Wilcox & Brian Poe on 2 years at The Tip Tap Room!, Stop in for our refreshing drink special, the CO-CO LO-CO!

Malibu Rum Coconut with guava & lime juices, jalapeño syrup & topped with grapefruit soda., The real boss.

Gordon Wilcox, The night staff is ready for action! #BostonPride, Happy Boston Pride from the Parish Cafe patio!

Swing by after the festival for some much-needed sandwiches & sangria. :), We know the cure to Friday the 13th frights...

#ZuniLove, Our limited drafts board is fascinating...

Doc's Draft Hard Cider Original 
Woodstock Inn Brewery Pig's Ear Brown 
Tröegs Brewing Company Dreamweaver
Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Pale 31
Portico Brewing Company Fuzzy Logic 
Harpoon Brewery/Bukowski Tavern #RIPseries Mai-Buk 

Cheers!, The weather's always better on the Parish Cafe patio!, Have you tried the 'Le Mistral' yet?

Created by: Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef – Ostra Boston:
Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare, served on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes and melted Bel Paese cheese. Topped with seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli and crispy onions. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips.

Photo by: http://instagram.com/kimmivo, Wilcox Hospitality meets with Nurys of Chica Project!, Would you like a 16oz, 20oz, or extra medium? ;), Warm weather ... check.
Awesome sandwiches ... check.
Limited drafts ... check!

New lineup:
Doc's Draft Hard Cider Original 
Woodstock Inn Brewery Pig's Ear Brown 
Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Easy Jack 
Portico Brewing Company Fuzzy Logic 
Tröegs Brewing Company Dream Weaver 
Harpoon Brewery RIP Series Mai-Buk, "This beef sandwich is next to godliness."

Thank you, @chaptertwompr! We love The Campbell too.

Created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet, Boston: 
Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette., Head out of work & over to Parish Cafe...

We have a huge Bowl-O-Rings and homemade chipotle aioli with YOUR name on it!, Two things that never get old: Baked Mac and Cheese & Naragansett!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/avaivoda, It's June & we've got some well-deserved sun!

We'll meet you on the patio...

Photo by: http://instagram.com/bethanytuller, Wilcox Hospitality partners Gordon Wilcox and Brian Poe enjoyed the hospitality extended by La Barra Sports Bar in Everett. 

Thank you ladies!, #TGIF! Come by after work for some celebratory sangria. :)

Photo by: http://instagram.com/calessi, We'll bring the sangria & hummus, you bring your closest friends...

Happy Thursday!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/gnaromano, #TBT: Best Sandwich in Improper Bostonian Magazine's Boston's Best 2012!, Don't let this cold, rainy day get the best of you - just ask for the "Minty Morning": Baileys, creme de menthe, coffee, and whipped cream!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/bridillon89, It's our favorite lunchtime view: sandwiches, patio, and Boylston Street!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/e_mackx3, Gordon out on the town!, It's time for lunch & our current sandwich special, The Schlesinger!

Created by Chris Schlesinger of the East Coast Grill: an open-faced sandwich of melted Monterey Jack cheese and smoked ham on banana-nut bread, served with pickled ginger, cabbage, and mango chutney., Our cocktail special is the Swift Water!

Grey Goose Vodka L'Orange with fresh squeezed lemon, simple syrup, & soda water over ice., Get over that midweek hump with The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika - Executive Chef of The Bristol Lounge!

Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., Happy Monday from the Parish Cafe patio!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/luvsdixon, You know you're at Parish Cafe when...

[Photo by: http://instagram.com/arikano], Homemade whole kernel corn cakes sautéed and served over mixed greens topped with pico de gallo, a scallion-mustard remoulade, and sliced avocado.

It's time for LUNCH at Parish Cafe!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/chaseface24, Spring is calling ... and we're answering!

Try our Vegetable Pasta with broccoli rabe, summer squash, zucchini, carrots, and roasted tomatoes in a garlic sauce.

And thanks to http://instagram.com/lolo61188 for stopping by & snapping this great photo!, You've made it through Monday - now it's time for drinks on the patio! #Cheers.

Photo by http://instagram.com/sotacky33, #TGIS - Thank God It's Sangria!

Photo by http://instagram.com/seby0918, "Both the Back Bay and South End locations of Parish Cafe have large beer lists, and they also feature a 'Mug Club' program. You have six months to chug them all and earn your engraved mug. When you're not drinking, you can partake in a menu of sandwiches created by various chefs from all around town..."

Thanks to Zagat for featuring us in 'Boston's Biggest Beer Lists'! http://bit.ly/1mClhcK, We love the Zuni, but sometimes you need something SWEET.

Here's a great photo of our White Chocolate Bread Pudding taken by http://instagram.com/whatshouldweorder!

Brioche style bread pudding made with white chocolate and homemade custard. Served warm with chocolate sauce and whipped cream., Have you ever had a BLACK margarita? Trust us, just take a sip!

Hornitos Tequila, Chambord, Blue Curaçao, fresh lime juice, OJ and cranberry juices on the rocks with a salt rim.

#CincoDeMayo, The only way to get through Monday: Vegetable Potstickers + SANGRIA on the patio!

Photo by Pratik P. on Foursquare., Happy Friday! Have you tried The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad yet? 

Created by: Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef – The Bostonian at Langham Hotel: Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian baguette with sliced tomatoes, Romaine, and crisp fried onions.

Photo by Christina L. on Foursquare, Did you know that hummus contains plenty of Omega 3 fatty acids, which are great for improving intelligence?

Basically, hummus makes you smart AND it's delicious - any downsides?

Hummus Platter: homemade hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, marinated red onions and roasted red peppers. Served with grilled pita points., We're gonna spend today's lunch hour getting up close & personal with the ZUNI.

...care to join us?, What's your plan for lunch? If it doesn't involve The Lumière, you're doing something wrong...

Created by: Michael Leviton, Chef/Owner – lumiere the restaurant, Newton: Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., It's Friday!! Celebrate with shareable drinks on the patio! :)

Photo by http://instagram.com/dansaysget, The marathon may be over but we're still pouring the finest marathon beer in town: Samuel Adams 26.2.

Run over and try some!, Thanks to WBZ | CBS Boston for including Parish Cafe & our salads in 'Boston’s Best Spring Salads'! http://cbsloc.al/1fpwych

"A patio, a long beer list, gourmet sandwiches and fresh salads are just a few of the highlights of dining at Parish Cafe, right on Boylston Street in Boston’s Back Bay.... 

Other salads include the beet salad with toasted walnuts and blue cheese, the traditional Nicoise salad [pictured] or the spinach salad...", It's a special day ... with special gear!

Lots of love for Boston today! #bostonstrong, We are ready to run! Can't wait to see you after the finish!

#bostonstrong, Meet one of our #SandwichMadness finalists, the Eggplant Milanesa!

Created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Toro, Boston: Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Cold weather got you down?

Head here after work for some homemade, beer-battered and deep-fried onion rings & a side of homemade chipotle aioli.

See you soon!, Today, as we remember those lost and injured, we stay strong and look forward to seeing Boston run again. 

#BostonStrong, ICYMI: The Parish Chicken Sandwich is the CHAMPION of our first ever #SandwichMadness!!

Try it today & see why..., In honor of PAX East 2014, our drink special for the weekend is The Goomba!!

Pinnacle Vodka Cake & Cookie Dough with GODIVA Chocolate Liqueur & whipped cream. Served up with chocolate syrup. #YUM, And the winner of our first ever #SandwichMadness is...

THE PARISH CHICKEN SANDWICH!!!

Thank you to all who voted by eating one of our sandwiches... it's a tough job, we know.

We will be grading brackets to announce the winner of the bracket challenge ASAP., For the CHAMPIONSHIP we have the Zuni Roll going head-to-head with the Parish Chicken Sandwich!

The sandwich that WINS our FIRST #SandwichMadness will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston:
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., So we made it to the Final Four of #SandwichMadness! How's your bracket looking?

After today's sales, we will know who will be in the championship tomorrow!, It's the final countdown with our next #SandwichMadness FINAL FOUR match-up: The Parish Chicken Sandwich vs. The Eggplant Milanesa!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

Eggplant Milanesa, created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Things heat up with the first game of our #SandwichMadness FINAL FOUR.

And it's a hard one: The Zuni vs. The Burke!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston:
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Burke, created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Get through Monday with one of our #SandwichMadness Elite 8 contenders: The Mexican Meatball or The Eggplant Milanesa!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Mexican Meatball, created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and The Tip Tap Room:
Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette.

Eggplant Milanesa, created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Today in #SandwichMadness Elite 8: The Campbell vs. The Burke!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Campbell, created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet, Boston:
Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette.

The Burke, created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., The Elite 8 continues!

Next up in #SandwichMadness Elite 8: The Parish Chicken vs. The Bristol!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations!

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge, Boston:
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., How's your bracket for #SandwichMadness looking? We are in the second round of competition with the Elite 8 of the Parish Cafe sandwiches.

If you are following along, the first round received 10 points per correct pick. Second round correct picks receive 20 points each with 3rd round receiving 40 points each.

The championship correct pick is worth 80 points and the tiebreaker will be used if needed., Let the Elite 8 begin!!

First up in #SandwichMadness Elite 8: The Zuni Roll vs. The Flour B.L.T.

Yesterday's winner was the Eggplant Milanesa. The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations!

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston:
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

Flour B.L.T., created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe, Boston:
Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., The patio is OPEN!!

We couldn't be more excited. :), #SandwichMadness: Do you prefer The Steak & Blue or Eggplant Milanesa?

Comment on this photo with your pick! The sandwich that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Yesterday's winner was the Mexican Meatball!

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Steak & Blue, created by: Created by: Lydia Shire, Executive Chef/Owner – Scampo, Boston:
Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions and an herb vinaigrette.

Eggplant Milanesa, created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro, Boston:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., The battle of the sandwiches is back!

Today in #SandwichMadness: The Mexican Meatball vs. The d bar!

Which chef creation do you like best? Comment on this photo with your pick! The sandwich that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

Yesterday's winner: The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef of The Bristol Lounge.

The Mexican Meatball, created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and The Tip Tap Room:
Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette.
  
The d bar, created by: Chris Coombs, Executive Chef/Owner – dbar:
Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet on a toasted baguette with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyère cheese, tomato-caper relish and a tarragon-mustard aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., DING DING DING!! 

Time for another round of #SandwichMadness: The Oleana vs. The Bristol!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Let us know here! The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Yesterday's winner: The Burke.

Match-up schedule (subject to change): http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Oleana, created by: Ana Sortun, Chef/Owner – Oleana Restaurant, Cambridge:
Beer-battered, deep fried mussels and Hungarian hot peppers on a baguette with Turkish almond tartar sauce and Romaine lettuce. Served with cole slaw and dill-cucumber salad..

The Bristol, created by: Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge, Boston:
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., The Campbell beat the Regis yesterday!

In today's #SandwichMadness, we pit The Burke against The Blue Ginger!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Let us know here! The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule (subject to change): http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Burke, created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Blue Ginger, created by: Ming Tsai, Executive Chef/Owner – Blue Ginger:
Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion foccacia with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, a wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Served with an Asian slaw., The winner of yesterday's head-to-head was the Parish Chicken Sandwich!

Today in #SandwichMadness: The Regal Regis vs. The Campbell!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Comment on this photo & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule (subject to change): http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Regal Regis, created by: Susan Regis: 
Sliced flank steak and Portobello mushrooms in a soy, scallion and balsamic marinade. Served on Romano cheese crusted French bread with a side of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Campbell, created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet:
Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette., Which sandwich won yesterday's head-to-head? The Flour B.L.T., created by Joanne Chang of Flour Bakery+Cafe! 

Today in #SandwichMadness it's our own Parish Chicken Sandwich vs. the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Comment on this photo & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. 

The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad, created by: Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef – The Bostonian at Langham Hotel:
Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian baguette with sliced tomatoes, Romaine, and crisp fried onions., ZUNI is the champ! The Zuni Roll won yesterday's match-up and will advance.

Today in #SandwichMadness we pit the Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise against the Flour B.L.T.!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Comment on this photo & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise, created by: Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner – Craigie On Main: Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad.

Flour B.L.T., created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe: Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., *ding ding ding!*

It's the FIRST head-to-head in our FIRST EVER #SandwichMadness 'Round of 16': The Zuni Roll vs The Lumière!

Which chef creation do you like best? Comment on this photo with your pick & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The sandwich that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston: 
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. 

The Lumière, created by: Michael Leviton, Chef/Owner – lumiere the restaurant, Newton:
Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., Have you entered our bracket challenge yet?

Tonight is the last night to submit your bracket in person for the $100 gift card! Don't forget, all donations are going to the Greater Boston Food Bank. #SandwichMadness, You've always had a favorite Parish Cafe sandwich - here's your chance to see how it stacks up!

We are having our FIRST EVER Parish Cafe Sandwich Tournament, #SandwichMadness!

Starting this Thursday we will have daily match-ups between your favorite chef creations. To kick the tournament off, you can fill out a bracket with your picks: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

A $5 donation will get your bracket entered for a chance to win a **$100 GIFT CERTIFICATE to the Parish Cafe** (either location)!

All donations go to The Greater Boston Food Bank. All brackets entered must be submitted in person.

We can't wait to see you and to see which sandwich will win it all!, Here's a sneak peak of what's to come...

Just start thinking about your favorite Parish sandwiches ;), Finally! Time for #LUNCH - may we suggest The Blue Ginger?

Created by: Ming Tsai, Executive Chef/Owner – Blue Ginger: Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion foccacia with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, a wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Served with an Asian slaw., Reminder: both Parish Cafe & Parish Cafe II will have The Summer Shack on as an additional special every Friday during the Lent season!

Created by Jasper White, Chef/Owner – Summer Shack, Boston: Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles., We could put cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions on EVERYTHING.

But of course we like it best on the Zuni Roll. :)

Great photo by http://instagram.com/ninn610, TONIGHT: Both Parish Cafe + Parish Cafe II will stop serving food at 4pm and drinks at 5pm in order to close for an employee party.

See you all on Wednesday!, Not feeling your chipper self just yet?

Come in for our current sandwich special, the Elephant Walking on Eggs!

Three New England eggs served omelette style with julienned vegetables & goat cheese on a baguette., So much #craftbeer!

Just tapped Peak Organic Brewing's Espresso Amber, America's first FAIR TRADE beer!

It's a perfect balance of espresso & ale - try it today!, null, New to the lineup: Troegs Nugget Nectar!

We have a limited amount, so all you #hopheads come on down!, Happy #StPatricksDay!

We have our green on and are ready with the Luck O' the Parish! Jameson with muddled limes, ginger beer, and ginger simple., #PiDay?! How about Shepard's Pie Day? ;)

Ground beef, pork, and veal with mixed vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes. Baked and topped with gravy.

Full menu: http://bit.ly/1lpxRzJ, We just tapped #RIPseries "Pulp," a Hibiscus Red Ale that's a home-brew collaboration between Bukowski Tavern & Portico Brewing Company!!

Honor the 20th anniversary of Charles Bukowski's death AND give back - a portion of every pint sale goes to a Boston literacy organization!, Our current sandwich special is the Elephant Walking on Eggs “Sandwich from the Mountain” created by Gerard Lopez, Chef/Owner of The Elephant Walk, Cambridge.

Three New England eggs served omelet style with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette.

Breakfast for lunch, anyone?, Mmmmm hummus.

Have you tried our Hummus Platter yet?

Homemade hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, marinated red onions and roasted red peppers. Served with grilled pita points., Happy Friday!

Get those warm thoughts going with our current cocktail special, the Tuscan Punch! 

Made with Oxley Gin, fresh lime juice, pomegranate juice, rosemary syrup, & grapefruit soda., On special now: The Summer Shack!

Created by Jasper White, Chef/Owner – Summer Shack, Boston: Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles.

We'll have this sandwich on as an additional special on Fridays during the Lent season., We're nominated for Best Beer Bar (Bottles) in DigBoston's Dig This Awards 2014!

The Zuni + #CraftBeer? Sounds like the perfect match! Vote here: http://bit.ly/1ndbElM, Add some color to your #lunch hour with our Nicoise Salad!

Grilled RARE tuna steak, topped with a dollop of wasabi aioli, and served over a bed of greens with sliced hard boiled eggs, Kalamata olives, string beans, tomatoes, and diced cucumbers. Tossed in a fresh lemon-olive oil dressing., Take a (mental) vacation with our Roasted "Reggae" Wings: baked roaster wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy! Served with banana-mango chutney. #YUM, Savor the last of the weekend with our current cocktail special: Cucumber Spritz!

Fresh cucumber & lime muddled with Oxley Gin, cucumber liqueur lemonade & a champagne float., Weather this cold calls for something special: The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise by Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner of Craigie On Main!

Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad., It's #lunchtime! 

The perfect time for our current sandwich special: The Schlow by Michael Schlow of Radius Restaurant & Via Matta!!

Roasted RARE sirloin, thinly sliced, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on toasted Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens., Come in tonight for Le Fizz, a special Grey Goose Vodka cocktail! Cheers., Get comfort from the cold with an old favorite, The Flour B.L.T.!

Created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe: Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., We love lunch.

Especially when lunch includes The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge!!

Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., We've made it to #Friday!

Come by today for our Hot and Cold Chicken Salad:

Grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette., It's our favorite time of the day: #lunchtime! 

Try our Smoky Pork Sandwich, on special now: 

Smoky marinated pork tenderloin grilled and served on foccacia with a smoky, spicy aioli, finely chopped romaine hearts, pico de gallo, and deep fried onions., Happy #PresidentsDay!

We have reopened with our new look - come in and check it out!, Look at these smiling faces, ready to see you again!

We've reopened today for Presidents' Day - come by for lunch!

We've missed you. :), Both Parish Cafe locations are closed for renovations today through Sunday, February 16th. We will reopen on Monday, February 17th.

Sorry for any inconvenience - we (and The Rialto) look forward to seeing you soon!, Whether you choose a signature sandwich or one of our entrées, there's always time for a warm lunch at Parish!

Full menu: http://bit.ly/1lpxRzJ

Photo by @tylerwilliams0n on Instagram., You've made it through the snow storm and (almost) to Friday!

Treat yourself to one of our Anytime Cocktails, The Gentleman Ginger: Jack Daniel's Gentleman Jack Bourbon with ginger syrup, honey, fresh lemon juice, and ginger ale. Served over ice., This #bosnow storm doesn't seem to be letting up - but at least we've always got the Zuni!

We're #OpenInBOS regular hours today, so come by for a bit of comfort, sandwich-style.

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, This photo = the perfect lunch!

Have you tried our Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad sandwich yet?

Created by: Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef – Langham Hotel Boston: Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian baguette with sliced tomatoes, Romaine, and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad.

Pair it with a beer and you'll nearly forget about the snow!

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, It's Friday! It's lunchtime!

Dig in to our Shepard’s Pie: Ground beef, pork, and veal with mixed vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes. Baked and topped with gravy.

Full menu: http://bit.ly/1lpxRzJ, TGI(almost)F!

It's been a long week - treat yourself to this week's Sandwich Special: 

The Schlesinger, created by Chris Schlesinger of the East Coast Grill in Cambridge: an open-faced sandwich of melted Monterey Jack cheese and smoked ham on banana-nut bread, served with pickled ginger, cabbage, and mango chutney. #yum

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, *Heat up* your night with our Endless Love cocktail special! ♥

Absolut Mandarin vodka with pomegranate liqueur, pomegranate juice, white peach puree, and simple. Served on the rocks with a champagne float., Brr! 

Warm up your lunch hour with The d bar, created by Chris Coombs, Executive Chef/Owner of dbar:

Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet on a toasted baguette with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyère cheese, tomato-caper relish and a tarragon-mustard aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, Another great addition to this menu's sandwich lineup: The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise by Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner of Craigie On Main!

Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad.

Delicious! #TGIF, Come warm up with one of our NEW cocktails, the delicious Cran-Apple Margarita!

Sauza Tequila Giro Silver Tequila, clove syrup, cold pressed apple cider, freshly squeezed lemon juice, and cranberry juice. Served over ice with a cinnamon sugar rim., It's cold out there! Come warm up with a hot bowl of our homemade Lentil Soup!, Whether it's your lunch break or your day off, we'd love to see you for lunch! 

Pictured: The warm Eggplant Milanesa by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro, Boston - Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw.

Full new sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, We may not have an infusion right now but we do have personalized Woodford Reserve! Keep an eye out for a new infusion coming soon..., Another delicious sandwich now available on our new menu: The Blue Ginger by Ming Tsai, Executive Chef/Owner of Blue Ginger!

Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion foccacia with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, a wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Served with an Asian slaw.

New sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, Come try one of the sandwiches now available on our NEW menu! Here's the Steak & Blue, created by Lydia Shire, Executive Chef/Owner of Scampo, Boston!

***The Steak & Blue 
Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions and an herb vinaigrette.

New sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, The Bristol is back on the new sandwich menu - you have to try it!

Created by: Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge, Boston
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette.

Delicious!

New sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, Have you tried out our new sandwich menu yet? http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9

The Campbell is back!

The Campbell 
Created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet, Boston

Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette., If you've been missing The Bristol or The Campbell, you're in luck! They're back on our new menu. Check out what else is new here: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9 

Or, come warm up with one of our Sandwich Specials this week: The Vieira, created by our own Ederson Vieira, Sous Chef of Parish Café!

The Vieira: Tenderized, sliced flank steak in a soy and chili garlic marinade sautéed with watercress, roasted red peppers, and sliced white onions served on an Italian baguette with a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette., New Year… New Menu, with some old favorites like the dBar by Chris Coombs of dbar, Deuxave, and Boston Chops!
 
Breaded and pan-fried veal cutlet on a baguette with melted Gruyere cheese, applewood smoked bacon, a tomato-caper relish, and a tarragon-mustard aioli. 

Full new sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, A crowd favorite, The Rialto by Jody Adams, Chef/Owner of Rialto Restaurant! See you for lunch... 

The Rialto: Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with mixed greens and sun-dried tomatoes in a pine nut dressing.

Check out our full sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, Parish Cafe will be #OpenInBOS regular hours today: 11:30am - 2am. 

Zuni vs. Hercules. Who will win?, Little snowy out there, huh? Good time for some warm, comfort food! 

Like Sean’s Meatloaf Club: homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, chipotle aioli ... 

...and garlic mashed potatoes and gravy!!! 

Call in an order for pick-up now, before it's too late! (617) 247-4777, It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!

(Photo of our decorations from last night), The *perfect* sandwich for today: The "Le Mistral" by Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef – Mistral Restaurant, Boston.

-Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta 
-caramelized onions
-**chive mashed potatoes**
-melted Bel Paese cheese
-seasoned arugula
-a truffle aioli
-crispy onions. 

See you for lunch!, null, Our decorations are up!! Happy holidays from all of us at Parish Cafe!, Need a delicious, hot sandwich to go before the storm hits? We strongly suggest the Eggplant Milanesa! Call ahead at 617-247-4777 and we'll have your order ready for pick-up. 

Protip: Ask for extra chipotle aioli on the side! ;)

http://parishcafe.com/boylston/menu/sandwiches/

Eggplant Milanesa: Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. 

By: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro, Boston, New Chalkboard draft specials!:
Angry Orchard Original Cider
Founders Brewing Co - Tap Room Breakfast Stout
Long Trail Brewing Double Bag
Harpoon Brewery 100 barrel Polski Mastne
Tröegs Brewing Company Hop Back
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Boone Amber, New cocktail special starts today: Highlander Cider!! Dewar's Highlander Honey Blended Scotch on ice with fresh lemon juice and craft cider. #yum, 2 Perfect choices for a cold, rainy Monday: Our Italian Wedding soup special and The Mexican Meatball!, Need a late-night sandwich and beer or cocktail? Our kitchen is open until 1am daily and we serve drinks until 2am. See you tonight!

'Boston After Midnight: A Dining Guide' via Zagat: http://bit.ly/19lTVzX, We have a great sandwich special this week created by Joanne Chang, Chef/Owner of Flour Bakery+Cafe: The Flour BLT!

Applewood smoked bacon, Boston bibb Lettuce, tomato confit, and basil mayo on Texas toast. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips! #yum, Which sandwich at Parish Cafe is your favorite? 

http://parishcafe.com/boylston/menu/sandwiches/

We hope to see you soon! :), In case you missed it: Boston.com picked Parish Cafe as one of their favorite beer bars in Boston! They re-shared the piece today in the Nightlife section: http://bo.st/1cNOVa1

Are you down for the Mug Club challenge? 

Parish Mug here pictured with The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad., Happy Thanksgiving! Stop in for lunch, de-stress, and treat yourself to one of our rotating Draft Chalkboard Specials with your sandwich.

Just added yesterday: 21st Amendment Brewery Fireside Chat, a delicious English style amber ale! 

Pictured here with The Burke: Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., The perfect way to warm up today: "The Mexican Meatball" by Chef Brian Poe of Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, The Tip Tap Room, and Estelle's Southern Cuisine)!!

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., Mashed Up- Recognizing Smashed Spuds Since 2013 stopped by last night during their #BostonTaterTrot and loved our garlic mashed potatoes! Check out their delicious photo of Sean's Meatloaf Club & garlic mashed! 

"@Mashed_Up_: Hit the jackpot at @ParishCafe1. I got #mashedup with their meatloaf club & garlic mashed.", We had some people ask about our cover photo - which is this bad boy, The Rialto!

Created by: Jody Adams, Chef/Owner – Rialto Restaurant, Cambridge

Thin sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with a mixed greens and sun-dried tomato salad with a pine nut dressing.

See you for lunch..., Serious man of the hour Peter Bouchie and his amazing 'stache! Stop by tonight for our #Movember event for a great cause - Peter is donating all of his tips to support Men's Health Awareness! And we're matching every cent!, Our #Movember-fied day staff and drink special for today's Movember fundraiser event at Parish!!, We're excited to see you tomorrow at our #Movember Night to help raise money for Movember - Men's Health Awareness!!

Peter will be donning a dapper tux and of course his 'stache, and donating his tips to charity. Whatever amount he receives, Parish Cafe will match!!, Woohoo! The Zuni made 'Boston's Top Turkey Sandwiches' in Zagat!! http://bit.ly/1hULHs6

"Parish: Of course we love the concept of this gourmet sandwich shop with branches in the Back Bay and South End: each menu item is concocted by a different local chef. Our favorite might be the Zuni Roll, a warm flour tortilla filled with smoked turkey breast, bacon, scallions, dill Havarti cheese and cranberry chipotle sauce (617-391-0501).", You and the boss have lunch at Parish Cafe. He asks what you recommend.

"Try the homemade Vegetarian Corn Cakes!"

You are promoted.

Homemade whole kernel corn cakes sautéed and served over mixed greens topped with pico de gallo, a scallion-mustard remoulade, and sliced avocado.

When you come in, don't forget to ask about our #Movember fundraiser: guess how many staches are in the jar - $1 per guess. All proceeds go to support our own Peter Bouchie's awesome 'stach for Movember - Men's Health Awareness! http://us.movember.com/mospace/9396629, We are having a #Movember event + raffle, both fundraisers to help raise money for our own Peter Bouchie's awesome 'stach for Movember - Men's Health Awareness! http://us.movember.com/mospace/9396629 

From today to Wednesday, November 20th, we are accepting guesses for $1 to enter to win your very own engraved mug at Parish Cafe! Guess the number of 'staches in the jar - closest without going over is the winner!

On Wednesday, November 20th, we are having Parish Cafe's MO-Vember Night to help raise money for Men's Health Awareness. Peter will be donning a dapper tux and donating his tips to charity. 

Whatever amount he receives, Parish Cafe will match!! 

The raffle ends at closing on Wednesday. Winner we be announced Thursday., #TGIF! Our other Sandwich Special this week is the rich and flavorful dbar by Chef Chris Coombs.

Seasoned and breaded veal cutlet, applewood smoked bacon, and gruyere cheese on a hard baguette with a tomato caper relish & tarragon mustard aioli served with your choice of potato salad or coleslaw., One of our current sandwich specials is The Big Cheese created by Peter Culpo, Owner of The Parish Cafe!! 

This sandwich is delicious: Fontina Cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and sliced tomatoes on french pullman bread served with a side of Cape Code potato chips., @mwantz: "Just had Elephant Walking on Eggs @ParishCafe1. Perfect sandwich. Kids loving the foodie food."

Elephant Walking on Eggs “Sandwich from the Mountain” 
Created by: Gerard Lopez, Chef/Owner – The Elephant Walk, Cambridge
Three New England eggs sautéed with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelet style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes, and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette., It's cold out there today - come warm up with a cup of our homemade Chicken Corn Chowder!, Our new chalkboard special: Cocoa with a kick! House infused chipotle and clementine Woodford Reserve bourbon mixed with cocoa and cinnamon. Served hot with whipped cream. 

Perfect for this wintery weather!, A recent customer tweet: "Unbelievable spicy tuna burger in Boston at @ParishCafe1"

Have you tried it yet?

Spicy Tuna Burger 
Created by: Tim Cushman, Executive Chef/Owner – O Ya Restaurant, Boston | Sashimi grade yellowﬁn tuna, ﬁnely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, Roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., null, Happy Monday! What will it be today, the Zuni or the Regal Regis? 

The Zuni Roll 
Created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Regal Regis 
Created by: Susan Regis, Chef – Upstairs on the Square, Cambridge
Sliced flank steak and Portobello mushrooms in a soy, scallion and balsamic marinade. Served on Romano cheese crusted French bread with a side of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., #TGIF! Settle in from this crazy weather with our Cocktail Special: the Spiced Pumpkin!

Bacardi OakHeart Spiced Rum with Torani Pumpkin Syrup and orange juice. Served up with a cinnamon sugar rim. Yum!, "French Kiss" pumpkin entry! Happy Halloween!, More awesomely creative entries for the 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest!! All entries are due by midnight tonight.

$300 cash prize! Winners announced tomorrow on Halloween!, Today's your last chance to enter the 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest! Entries must be dropped off by 11:59pm tonight. 

Win the $300 cash prize for first place! We've had some great entries so far.

2nd Prize: $50 
3rd Prize: Any Bottle of Wine on our Menu

Rules: 
-No carving or piercing of any kind. 

Winners will be announced on Halloween.

Good Luck!, The entries are "rolling" in for the 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest! 

Don't forget: All entries are due by 11:59pm tomorrow (Wednesday).

First prize wins a $300 cash!
2nd Prize: $50 
3rd Prize: Any Bottle of Wine on our Menu

Rules: 
-No carving or piercing of any kind. 

Winners will be announced on Halloween.

Good Luck!, Come warm up with lunch today at Parish Cafe. Try one of our tasty soup specials: Guinness Beef Stew (pictured) or Chicken Corn Chowder!, Happy Halloween! Our 19th Annual Pumpkin Contest is ON at Parish! First prize wins a $300 cash!

2nd Prize: $50 
3rd Prize: Any Bottle of Wine on our Menu

But more importantly, it's about the personal satisfaction of winning our Pumpkin Contest!!

Rules: 
-No carving or piercing of any kind. 
-All entires must be dropped of at Parish on Boylston by midnight on Wednesday, October 30th (Halloween Eve!)

Winners will be announced on Halloween.

Good Luck!, Good luck Sox for Game 5! We've got beard, how 'bout you? #getbeard, To-go soups during the World Series! :) 

Photo via @El_Connolly on Twitter, We still have the spirit, how 'bout you?, Have one of our limited drafts while you watch the Sox game tonight at Parish! 

Crispin Hard Cider Abita Brewery Harpoon Brewery Dark Horse Brewing Co. Rock Art Brewery Dogfish Head Beer, We have the Sox spirit today at Parish! Go Sox!, Beautiful fan photos posted on Foursquare by some of our customers. Which one do you like the best?

We love seeing your photos. Tweet them at us next time you stop by! https://twitter.com/parishcafe1, Our other specials include Spiced Pumpkin Bisque and The Schlow by Michael Schlow of Radius Restaurant & Via Matta!!

Happy fall. 

The Schlow: Roasted RARE sirloin, thinly sliced, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on toasted Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens., Come try our current Sandwich Special: The Schlesinger created by Chris Schlesinger of the East Coast Grill in Cambridge: an open-faced sandwich of melted Monterey Jack cheese and smoked ham on banana-nut bread, served with pickled ginger, cabbage, and mango chutney.

Fun Fact: Singer-songwriter John Mayer called The Schlesinger the "best sandwich in the world." http://bo.st/1bZqOJC via Boston.com, For a delicious and nutritious lunch, try our Spinach Salad! 

Baby spinach, sliced red cabbage and green apple, toasted peppered croutons and sunflower seeds tossed in a citrus-apple and poppy seed vinaigrette. Served with guava paste wrapped in provolone cheese.

For take-out, please call 617-247-4777., Getting fired up for the Sox game at Parish!!, Happy Friday! Come try our Cocktail Special: the Pumpkin Pie Martini.

Absolut Vanilla Vodka & Pumpkin Spice Liqueur with Simple Syrup and Whipped Cream. Served Up with a Cinnamon Sugar Rim. #tgif!, It finally feels like fall! Come warm up with our soup special, Chicken Corn Chowder. Yum!, Why is Parish Cafe so popular? Come in and find out. ;), Cure for a rainy Monday: comfort food! Like Sean’s Meatloaf Club: homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. 

Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.

Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston, Starting Friday off right: Thrillist named The Burke one of 'The 5 best sandwiches in Boston'! http://thrl.st/176I5ZB #TGIF 

"Haha, no -- it's not 1995. We get it. That's funny. Seriously, Parish Cafe -- both on Boylston and Tremont -- continues to kill it when it comes to making some of the Hub's tastiest sammies, as is still evidenced by the lines you have to wait in to get a table. 

While the prosciutto-, capicola-, and soppressata-loaded Burke topped w/ Provolone and sided by a spicy red pepper relish takes best in show, the Schlesinger (an open-faced smoked ham & melted Monterey Jack w/ a mango chutney on banana bread!!) and Regal Regis aren't far behind.", Here are all of the new sandwiches that made our fall menu! Which one is your favorite?

The Summer Shack by Jasper White (Summer Shack)
Eggplant Milanesa by Jamie Bissonnette (Coppa Enoteca & Toro)
The Benny by Ken Oringer (Clio Restaurant)
Le Mistral by Mitchell Randall (Mistral Restaurant)
The Nebo by Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters
The Lumière by Michael Leviton (Lumiere Restaurant)

Full new sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, The Nebo: Not-your-average tuna sandwich.

Created by: The Pallotta Sisters, Executive Chefs/Owners – Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters, Boston
*Italian style tuna on a crunchy baguette with an olive tapenade, Mediterranean aioli, lettuce, tomato, sliced hard boiled eggs, fresh basil, sliced red onions, and a balsamic vinegar drizzle. Served with a string bean and tomato salad in a lemon-olive oil dressing.

Featured on our new sandwich menu! http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, TGIF! Treat yourself to the delicious Le Mistral, created by Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef of Mistral Restaurant in Boston!!

Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, melted Bel Paese cheese, seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli, and crispy onions. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips... so good!, Which sandwich on the new menu is your favorite? 

Clockwise: The Summer Shack, Eggplant Milanesa, The Rialto, or The Benny?  

Descriptions: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, We made WBZ | CBS Boston's list of 'Best Dinners For Less Than $15 In Boston'! http://cbsloc.al/19G0KMm

See you for dinner... ;)

"...But it is The Parish Cafe’s sandwiches that are the real standout. Chefs from around the area have shared their recipes for unique combinations like the zuni roll for only $12 with turkey breast, bacon, scallions, dill havarti cheese and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. This spot also has sides that come with the sandwiches like cole slaw or potato salad for a truly satisfying and affordable meal.", A crowd favorite, The Rialto by Jody Adams, Chef/Owner  of Rialto Restaurant, has been officially added to our new sandwich menu! See you for lunch... 

The Rialto: Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with mixed greens and sun-dried tomatoes in a pine nut dressing.

Check out the full new sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, Packed patio right now on this gorgeous fall day!, Another beautiful day in Boston! Must be our new sandwich menu... http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9 ;)

New on the menu: Eggplant Milanesa (vegetarian-friendly!)
Created by: Jamie Bissonnette
Chef/Owner – Coppa & Toro, Boston

**Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., It's a gorgeous day for a sandwich on the patio! Try one of the new additions on our fall menu, like The Benny.

By: Ken Oringer, Chef/Owner – Clio Restaurant, Boston
**Vietnamese-style, spicy grilled chicken breast served on a hard baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint-coriander mayonnaise. Sided with spicy purple cabbage slaw tossed with diced tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil, and cracked peanuts.

New sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, The Lumière is BACK on the new sandwich menu!! http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9

Thanks to Michael Leviton, Chef/Owner – lumiere the restaurant in Newton for this delicious sandwich: Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. 

Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts. #TGIF!, More exciting news: We updated our sandwich menu for the fall!! http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9 

The Summer Shack is back!
Created by: Jasper White, Chef/Owner – The Summer Shack, Boston
*Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles., We're trying something new: Introducing... rotating chalkboard draft specials!!

Come and get these before they're gone!, Celebrate this gorgeous fall day with a Zuni Roll! 

http://parishcafe.com/boylston/menu/sandwiches/

The Zuni Roll
Created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry-chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Great Photo by Jeff Cutler (What Would Jeff Cutler Eat?) 

"Peppered tuna @parishcafe1 - their food is good and their beverage selection is great."

Thanks for stopping by! 

Follow him on Tumblr here: http://wwjce.tumblr.com/
Instagram here: http://instagram.com/jeffcutler, We're honored to have been included in Zagat's 'Top Sandwiches in Boston'!! http://ow.ly/oOfeZ   

"Every 'cleverly designed', 'reasonably priced' gourmet sandwich at this 'go-to' duo in the South End and Back Bay comes from a recipe by (and named for) a different locally famous chef, and the 'incredible concept' continues with drinks from the 'top bartenders in town' plus an 'amazing selection of international beers'; the 'cute' setting 'frequently gets very busy', so to avoid 'killer' waits, grab takeout from the 'friendly' staff.", What are you having for lunch today? How about The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef of The Langham Hotel, Boston?

Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian baguette with sliced tomatoes, Romaine and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., #SandwichSpotlight: The Schlow 
Created by: Michael Schlow, Chef/Owner – Radius Restaurant & Via Matta, Boston

Roasted RARE sirloin, thinly sliced, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on toasted Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens., Which of these appetizers is your favorite: Sean's Simple Meatball, Roasted “Reggae” Wings, Hummus Platter, or Vegetable Potstickers?, #TGIF! Your sandwich awaits you..., Come try our new cocktail special, the Pineapple Breeze! - Bicardi Pineapple Fusion Rum with fresh mint, simple syrup, ruby red grapefruit, and jarritos grapefruit soda. x, Thanks to Live Free And Dine for stopping by this weekend and for the great feedback. They loved our Corn Cakes! 

@LiveFreeAndDine: the portobello mushroom and the chipotle meatloaf sandwiches, plus the corn cakes - our favorite! Thanks for a great lunch!

Make sure you follow us on Twitter, we love hearing from you: https://twitter.com/parishcafe1, Treat your friends and family this Labor Day with one of our most popular sandwiches!, This week's Sandwich Special is The B&G Lobster Roll, yum!!

Created by: Barbara Lynch, Executive Chef/Owner - B&G Oysters, Boston
--Fresh New England lobster meat on two buttered and grilled brioche rolls with applewood smoked bacon, chopped Romaine, tomato confit, and Hellman’s mayonnaise. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., Spice up your day today with this #SandwichSpotlight:

The Mexican Meatball!
Created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake & The Tip Tap Room, Boston

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., Patio Power!! #TGIF

Pictured: Spicy Tuna Burger (left) + The Schlow (right) 

http://parishcafe.com/boylston/menu/sandwiches/, #SandwichSpotlight: The Vieira 
Created by: Ederson Vieira, Sous Chef – Parish Café, Boston

Tenderized, sliced flank steak in a soy and chili garlic marinade sautéed with watercress, roasted red peppers, and sliced white onions served on an Italian baguette with a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette., @LilMissRunshine is on a mission to try all of our sandwiches! Read this foodie's review of Sean’s Simple Chicken: http://ow.ly/o60aM  

"I got Sean’s Simple Chicken-breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. The chicken is served over garlic-mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  

I seriously was in heaven eating this and really looked forward to my leftovers for lunch the next day...."

Follow her on Twitter here: https://twitter.com/LilMissRunshine, #tgif!!, Gorgeous day for a drink and a sandwich on the patio!, How about a classic, The Zuni Roll, today? Sure to get you through any Monday blues. :)

Created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston
--Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry-chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Yum! Amazing photo of The Coppa (by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner Coppa Enoteca, Toro) and our Onion Rings taken by Foodiespr.com (@Foodiespr)!!

"@ParishCafe1 is the best #sandwich parlor in #Boston The Coppa by chef @Jamiebiss is a kiss to #pork heaven and ask for the most amazingly good #onion rings in the states Betsy ur the #bestwaitress #foodie #massfood #newenglandfood #bestofboston" 

Follow them on Instagram here: http://instagram.com/foodiespr, Great photo of The Mexican Meatball by Chef Brian Poe taken last night by @itsjakebailey!

The Mexican Meatball  
Created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, The Tip Tap Room

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., We're excited to share that we've won "Best Sandwich in Boston" on The Boston A-List!! Thank you to everyone who voted. http://ow.ly/nIKhY, Fantastic #FANphoto by @LynelleSchmidt via Twitter of Sean's Meatloaf Club at Parish Cafe II! 

Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café and Bar, Boston

Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., Great fan photos of our Beet Salad and White Sangria!!

Beet Salad: Fresh beets, chopped romaine and diced tomatoes tossed with a citrus-walnut vinaigrette. Topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese. Served with garlic crostinis., Thanks Boston.com for naming us one of Boston's best beer bars! http://ow.ly/nEmDU   

"We suggest you start drinking soon if you ever want to be a member of the Parish “Mug Club.” Order all 100 beers on the menu within six months and you will receive a commemorative beer mug that you can drink out of whenever you visit. Sip your way to the “Mug Club” at the outdoor dining area (pictured) available during the spring, summer, and fall months....", They like us, they really like us! We won Reader's Choice for Best Sandwich 2013 in Boston Magazine. http://ow.ly/nuUG0, Here's a photo of the delicious and refreshing Lavender Sapphire! 

Made with Bombay Sapphire, lavender syrup, lemoncello, and fresh lemon juice., We may not have won the GQ contest, but we had a good time and the Lavender Sapphire will be available starting today. Come try one! 

Lavender Sapphire: Bombay sapphire with lavender syrup, lemoncello, and fresh lemon juice., On tonight's agenda, we compete for GQ's "Most Inspired Bartender" at The Revere Hotel Boston Common Emerald Lounge from 7-10pm. Wish us luck!

We are making Lavender Sapphires: Bombay sapphire with lavender syrup, lemoncello, and fresh lemon juice., Our updated draft list now includes Berkshire Brewing Company Steel Rail and Dogfish Head Beer Tweason'ale!

Have an ice cold beer today with our "Bowl-O-Rings" - Homemade, beer-battered and deep-fried onion rings served with a side of homemade chipotle aioli.
(Half order available)

Check out the full beer list here: http://ow.ly/nqjJz, The Lavender Lemonade is back! We've just finished the infusion and it's ready to go again. 

"Cucumber & lavender infused vodka served up with St-Germain, lemonade & a champagne float. Vodka is infused in house.", This week's sandwich special: **The Rialto**

Created by: Jody Adams, Chef/Owner – Rialto Restaurant, Cambridge

'Thin sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with a mixed greens and sun-dried tomato salad with a pine nut dressing.'

Check out all of our specials here: http://ow.ly/nhxf5, It's a lovely, cool Monday. Treat yourself to lunch outside on our patio!, Need an ICE COLD cocktail to cool off? Chill out here with this week's refreshing special: the Lavender Lemonade!

Cucumber & lavender infused vodka served up with St-Germain, lemonade & a champagne float. Vodka is infused in house. 

It's smooooth! Ask Pete., #SandwichSpotlight: Sean’s Meatloaf Club by our own  Sean Simmons vs. Brian Poe's Mexican Meatball Sub (Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake/The Tip Tap Room)! #MEAT

--Sean’s Meatloaf Club: Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.

--Mexican Meatball Sub: Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad., #SandwichSpotlight: The Burke 
Created by: Jim Burke, The Wandering Chef 

Thin sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., #SandwichSpotlight: The Spicy Tuna Burger

Created by: Tim Cushman, Executive Chef/Owner – O Ya Restaurant, Boston
--Sashimi grade yellowﬁn tuna, ﬁnely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, scallions, mixed greens, Roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips., Meat or Vegetarian today? 

The Vieira, created by our own Sous Chef Ederson Vieira
--Tenderized, sliced flank steak in a soy and chili garlic marinade sautéed with watercress, roasted red peppers, and sliced white onions served on a French baguette with a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette.

VS. 

The (vegetarian) Pudding Portobello, created by Debra Hughes, Chef/Owner of UpStairs on the Square
--Sliced Portobello mushrooms served on warm foccacia with Casio de Roma cheese, an onion marmalade, and a walnut parsley pesto. Served with a mixed greens and white bean salad in a balsamic vinaigrette., Someone's #Twitter-craving our chicken salad sandwich! 

Follow us for updates: https://twitter.com/parishcafe1 

The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad:
Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian sub roll with sliced tomatoes, Romaine and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., Here we go: These 3 once-sandwich-specials were just added to our menu. 

Which looks the best to you today: The L'Espalier (top), the Flour Bakery+Cafe B.L.T. (left), or The Coppa (right/Toro)?

Descriptions: 

*The L’Espalier*
Created by: Frank McClelland, Chef/Owner – L’Espalier, Boston
-Fresh Maine crab meat tossed with a homemade remoulade served open faced on toasted brioche topped with sliced avocado and mango. Served with Cape Cod potato chips and salted greens.

*Flour B.L.T.*
Created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery, Boston
-Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast sided with Cape Cod potato chips.

*The Coppa*
Created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa & Toro, Boston
-A slow roasted pork belly sandwich on a sesame seeded bun topped with melted American cheese, Hellman’s mayonnaise, caramelized serrano peppers and onions, and raw jalapeño peppers. Sided with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., To make sure that our product (like the Zuni!) is kept at a high standard for dining customers, starting this Monday, June 24th, Parish on Boylston will stop take-out orders from open to 3pm every day!

The South End location (Parish Cafe II) will still be doing take-out orders!, Check us out in The Boston Globe Magazine's "Where to eat on Boylston Street" today! http://ow.ly/m56L2 

"But every open business is a testament to the city’s capacity for endurance and recovery. There has never been a better time to head to the area to share a meal.", We're thrilled to have Chef Gburski's (of Estelle's Southern Cuisine) Fried Shrimp Po’Boy on our updated sandwich menu!

Fried shrimp on a club roll with sliced fried green tomatoes, corn chow chow, and remoulade slaw. Served with Cape Cod potato chips.

Follow Estelle's on Facebook to see more of Chef Gburski's Southern-inspired creations! http://ow.ly/m4bfN, This was our lunch crowd yesterday. :) 

We got the wonderful opportunity to provide lunch for the White House press corps during President Obama's visit. They were looking for a local restaurant and we were referred!, Chef/owner Sean Simmons with Barack Obama today at Charlie's Sandwich Shoppe!!!, We've updated our sandwiches menu! http://ow.ly/lXWjD 

Looks like The Burke, created by Jim Burke, is here to stay!

Also on the menu:

Elephant Walking on Eggs “Sandwich from the Mountain," created by Gerard Lopez of The Elephant Walk

Flour B.L.T., created by Joanne Chang of Flour Bakery+Cafe

Pudding Portobello, created by Debra Hughes of UpStairs on the Square, Which of our three most popular sandwiches is your favorite: The Parish Chicken Sandwich, The Zuni Roll, or The Regal Regis? 

Comment with your pick!, Where's all the rum gone? Into our new cocktail special! 

Pirate's Tea: Bacardi OakHeart Spiced Rum with house-made ginger syrup, fresh lemon juice and topped with Jarritos grapefruit soda.

Get refreshed!, How does an ice-cold cocktail sound today? 

http://parishcafe.com/boylston/cocktails/, Here's a photo of our Prickly Grape cocktail special! Three Olives grape vodka on the rocks with prickly pear fruit purée, fresh lemon juice and Sprite:, Happy Memorial Day! Stop by and try our Prickly Grape cocktail special., Our new sandwich special is the Elephant Walking on Eggs “Sandwich from the Mountain” created by Gerard Lopez, Chef/Owner - The Elephant Walk, Cambridge.

Three New England eggs served omelet style with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette., Try our new cocktail special, The Hunny Bunny! Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, ginger beer, lemon juice, honey, and bitters., Our cocktail of the week is The Skinny City Margarita: a refreshing spritzer made with Sauza Tequila Giro Silver with triple sec, agave nectar and lime juice. Served on the rocks with Sprite and soda water!, Our new sandwich special is The Benny, created by Ken Oringer, Chef/Owner of Clio Restaurant!

Vietnamese style grilled chicken breast served on a baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint-coriander mayonnaise. Sided with a spicy purple cabbage slaw tossed with diced tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil and cracked peanuts., We now offer 101 bottled beers! Here's the updated list: http://is.gd/dYBDJV

Also check out our new cocktails lists: http://is.gd/Lgqv06, Keep #BostonStrong and come in for a Sam adams beer 26.2!

100% of the sales go to The One Fund Boston., Try our current sandwich special, The Rialto,
by Jody Adams of Rialto Restaurant in Cambridge:
 
Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on garlic-oil rubbed Texas toast.  Sided with a mixed green and sun-dried tomato salad in a pine nut dressing., Cocktail of the week: The Peary Pom with Grey Goose Poire on the rocks with pomegranate liqueur, triple sec, pomegranate, lemon and orange juices and simple syrup., We will be open today for our regular hours. Please stop by if you're in the area., Parish Cafe on Boylston St. is closed for the moment. Everyone please be safe. #BostonStrong, The patio is indeed open!, Happy National Beer Day! What are you drinking to celebrate?, Would you do the patio today?, Happy Easter from all of us at the Parish! We're open normal Sunday hours today. See you soon!, Now available as a bottle special: Abita Beer Strawberry Harvest. The taste of strawberries is light, not syrupy. Come in and try it!, One of our Mug Club members is REALLY glad it's Wednesday., Our latest special: The Burke!, The patio is open! It's finally spring. (Even if the thermometer isn't cooperating.), Happy French Bread Day! Does your favorite Parish sandwich come on a baguette?, The week is half over. Celebrate with Lagunitas Brewing Co's New Dogtown Pale Ale, now on draft!, Congratulations to Chef Bissonnette and Chef Chang for being named James Beard Award finalists!, A little hungry after your St. Patrick's Day? Our full menu is available until 1am, tonight and every night. (And we've got Guinness on draft if you can't resist one last beer.), Want to try something a little different? We've got Harpoon Brewery's Director's Cut on as our bottle special., Spring is on its way, despite this minor setback..., Now on draft at the Parish! Maybe a mug with a Mexican Meatball Sub from Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake's Brian Poe?, The world's best onion rings are in... Texas? We disagree., The accent walls aren't the only green thing about our renovation. All our recessed lighting is now LED., We've got beers on draft from across town and across the Atlantic. Which are you drinking tonight?, Soup and a sandwich?, We think we've got the best sandwiches in town and we hope you agree! The Parish Cafe is nominated for Best Sandwich in the Boston Phoenix Best 2013 poll. Readers pick the winner, so be sure to vote!, Congrats to all the semifinalists! (Glad to see so many of the chefs on our menu on this list as well.) , Trying to get fit? Boston Fitness Magazine reports that you can eat healthy here at the Parish!, Happy Valentine's Day! Treat yourself to lunch away from the desk and one of our amazing sandwiches., The restaurant isn't the only thing with a new look since we've reopened. We just changed up our menu. Is your favorite sandwich back in regular rotation?, We're back and looking better than ever after our renovations! Hope to see you for lunch!, We are getting ready to open tomorrow at 11:30am! See you for lunch!, Be sure to come in and get your favorite sandwich for lunch! We close at 5pm tonight to prepare for renovations. Back on Monday, 2/11., Some days, you just crave a classic. , A quick programming note: The Parish Cafe will close at 5pm on Sunday, 2/3 for renovations. We will reopen at 11:30am on Monday, 2/11. We apologize for any inconvenience. Thanks in advance for your patience!, Going stir-crazy in this weather? Bundle up and brave the cold for our Gin's Porter. It'll stick with you--in a good way--on a cold night., Looking to brighten up your day? Check out our latest cocktail special: The Parish Potion #9. Oxley Gin with Thatcher’s cucumber liqueur, fresh lemon juice, pomegranate juice, simple syrup, and Magic Hat Brewing Company #9. Served on the rocks., Stay warm out there today, Boston! (Hope this picture of our patio from July helps.) , The best way to combat the cold outside is with a cold beer inside a warm bar. What are you craving?, Now available at the Parish Cafe (Back Bay location only), Thirsty? We've teamed up with Oxley gin to create three amazing beer cocktails. Available at the Boylston Street Parish only., The Spicy Tuna Burger by Tim Cushman of o ya is our latest sandwich special! , Spicy Tuna Burger
Created by: Tim Cushman, Executive Chef/Owner - o ya, Boston
Sashimi grade yellowfin tuna, finely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare.  Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, scallions, mixed greens, Roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle.  Sided with Cape Cod potato chips., Anybody got a case of the Mondays? Treat it with one of our amazing sandwiches!, Resolved to learn more about beer in 2013? Our Mug Club is a great way to do it. Drink 125 beers in six months and get your own personalized 25oz mug!, Check out this great story about Jamie Bissonnette's food adventures in Hong Kong in the Boston Phoenix., Time for a beer!, Still don't have a plan for tonight? The Parish is open regular hours (bar til 2am--kitchen til 1am) with no cover! Happy New Year, indeed., Merry Christmas from all of us at the Parish! We're closed for the holiday--see you tomorrow!, In the last-minute rush? We're open until 5pm today., You know what to do... pitcher or glass?, Our latest sandwich special! Just in time for a long Wednesday lunch. , Feeling festive! Take a break from the holiday madness and let us cook dinner., Thanks for the love, My Secret Boston!, Now on as our special: The Steak + Blue, created by Lydia Shire of Scampo and Towne. Rare tenderloin, roquefort butter and marinated red onion on French pullman bread. Sided with mesculun greens, marinated onions, and pickled cabbage., Great day for some comfort food., Sean’s Simple Meatball: An oversized, homemade meatball made with beef, pork and veal, topped with tomato sauce and pecorino cheese and served with toasted crostinis., Need a Black Friday shopping break? How about a cocktail and our amazing hummus platter?, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at the Parish Cafe! We're closed today--see you tomorrow!, We're here all day (and until 2am tonight). Let us do the cooking today!, The bad news? It's not patio weather. The good news? It's perfect for some mac and cheese or Sean's Simple Chicken!, Honored to be named one of Boston's best craft beer bars!, Hard to believe, but the Parish Cafe opened 20 years ago today! Thanks to all the amazing chefs who have created sandwiches for our menu and to you, our customers! Here's to another 20 years., It was a tough choice--but the judges selected the headless Marshmallow Man as the winner of this year's pumpkin contest! Congratulations!, And no, that's not an intentionally headless Stay Puft Marshmallow Man--he had a little accident. Will it change the opinion of the judges? Stay tuned to find out who won., The entries in our annual pumpkin decorating contest! Which is your favorite?, Have you seen Boston Magazine's list of the 50 Best Restaurants in Boston? We spy several that are on our sandwich list... congratulations to all the winners!, We've made it through Sandy unscathed. Hope to see you for lunch today (especially if you've got a second storm day off)!, So far, so good on Boylston Street. We hope to be back tomorrow--thanks again for your patience!, Due to Hurricane Sandy, the Parish Cafe will be closed on Monday. Please stay safe. We hope to reopen on Tuesday., Lunchtime! Maybe the meatloaf club? Or check out our full sandwich menu on our website: http://parishcafe.com/boylston/menu/sandwiches/, Sean's Meatloaf Club: Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café and Bar, Boston
Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., DigBoston has nominated us for Boston's best Late-Night in their annual Dig This Awards! We'd appreciate your vote--our full menu is available until 1 a.m., every night!, Sandwich special: The dbar!, It's that time of year again. The Parish Cafe is now accepting take-out orders all day long. Thanks for your patience during the busy summer months!, Feels like summer out there today--don't miss out!, What do you think? Too cold for the patio in Boston today, or just right?, What a gorgeous day! Who's taking a long Friday lunch on the patio today?, The latest cocktail special at the Parish is a fall twist on a summertime favorite. Our Autumn Rita has Sauza Giro Silver Tequila, Triple Sec, fresh squeezed lemon juice, clove simple syrup, cranberry juice and apple cider. Served on the rocks with a slice of lemon and your choice of salt, sugar, or cinnamon-sugar rim., This week's special is the Burke. Who's coming in for this one?, The Burke
Created by: Jim Burke, Chef/Owner - Orta, Pembroke
Thin sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on French bread, toasted in the oven with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Served with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Got an email that just can't wait? We now offer WiFi to customers., Check out the redesigned ParishCafe.com!, Anybody ready for a 3pm snack?, Hummus Platter, Looking for a little something different? Our bottled beer specials are currently Wolter’s Hofbrau Pilsner and Franziskaner Hefe-Weissbier, both from Germany. Prost!, Gorgeous night for a sandwich on the patio!, We're thrilled to have Mistral Restaurant on our menu! Check out their pictures of Executive Chef Mitchell Randall's addition to our amazing lineup of sandwiches., Boston.com featured us in a list of late-night dining options. Our full menu is available until 1 a.m. every night!, It's almost lunchtime... hungry yet?, The Parish Chicken Sandwich Copyright 2012 Alicia Carlson Photography, It's Eat Outside Day. You know where to be., We're going to miss this sight... come have one last mug with Peter this afternoon!, Skip the brown bag lunch tomorrow and come in to send Peter Keane off in style! His last shift behind the bar is tomorrow during the day. We're going to miss him!, Ready for lunch? We are! , No rain yet! Join us while it's still dry..., We're on BostInnovation.com's guide to stepping up late-night eating. Our full menu is available until 1 a.m., every single night!, Spice up your Friday with the Mexican Meatball Sub from our friends at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake. (Photo: Alicia Carlson Photography), Now THIS is patio weather!, Hungry? We're still here! Come grab a sandwich and a nightcap!, Nothing says Friday like a patio lunch and a Zuni Roll., It's almost five o'clock. We're here when you're done for the day!, null, You don't need to be an Olympian to go for the gold this weekend. , It's going to be a great day for one of our amazing sandwiches! See you for lunch!, We've just updated our menu with some of your summer favorites! The Summer Shack, The L'Espalier, and more! Check out the updated menu and save the brown bag lunch for tomorrow., Office AC cranked way too high? The patio is open and has plenty of shade. Thaw out here!, Honored to get the Gif Hub treatment! How many of you feel this way too?, Few open seats on the patio on a gorgeous July day. Who's in?, Happy Fourth, Boston! We're open regular hours today (11:30am-2am, food till 1am). Stop by for a bite on your way to the Esplanade!, Thank you, Improper Bostonian Magazine, for naming the Parish home to the city's best sandwich!, Happy July! The summer is flying by--be sure to spend some time here!, Congrats to UpStairs on the Square as it approaches its 30th anniversary! One of the greats..., Patio warriors, we salute you., We love summer because it's patio time. However, it also means the Parish Cafe on Boylston Street won't be able to take to-go orders before 3pm, starting today. 
We will continue to accept to-go orders after 3pm, and the Parish Cafe II will take to-go orders all day. We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are committed to preserving the superior product you get here at the Parish. We'll let you know when we take lunchtime to-go orders again. Thanks!, "Stay cool and hydrated." We've got ice water, cold beer, and sangria by the pitcher to go with your lunch. Happy summer!, Happy Father's Day!, No patio? No problem. Bring the party inside and spice up your lunch with our potstickers! , Anybody else feel like this is the first Monday in months it hasn't been pouring rain? Start the week off right with lunch on the patio!, Happy Boston Pride from all of us at the Parish. We're right on the parade route, so if you get a little hungry or thirsty during all your celebrating, come on in!, Now this is how June should look!, That's our girl!, We're in hangover mode today--a member of the Parish family won Miss USA! Huge congratulations to Olivia! , It's a hot one! Cool down with a glass (or pitcher!) of our sangria., Anybody else craving Sean's Simple Chicken on this rainy Tuesday?, Now that's more like it! See you soon!, Remembering Boston's own Donna Summer today. You know we love our disco classics at the Parish... , Hang in there... it looks like patio weather returns tomorrow! , Gorgeous Mother's Day! Hope all you Moms are treating yourselves!, Don't know what to get Mom for Mother's Day? A Parish Cafe gift card is the solution. (And you can have lunch while you're in here picking it up. Everybody wins!), Ouch. That bright glowing light in the sky burns our eyes. But hopefully it stays around so we can do some patio dining!, Huge congrats to Chef Tim Cushman of o ya and Chef Barbara Lynch's No. 9 Park for their wins at the James Beard Awards! Check out their sandwiches at the Parish, and check out all the winners at the link., Patio lunch, anyone?, A little worse for the wear after Cinco de Mayo? Our full menu is available until 1am. One of our amazing sandwiches makes for a better tomorrow..., Anybody else having patio withdrawal? Bring back the sun!, Our full menu is available until 1 a.m. Don't go to bed hungry!, Looking good, Zuni Roll! (You too, Sean.) Check us out on Chronicle!, Set your DVRs! , Chef/Owner Sean Simmons will be featured on Chronicle this Thursday night!, No patio today. But don't give in to the brown bag! Come on inside and enjoy a tasty Monday meal--baked mac and cheese sounds perfect to us!, Happy 100th birthday to Fenway Park! It's looking good for its age... maybe it's had some work done?, More rabbits, more deer, and more time on the Parish Cafe patio? Works for us., Got a hungry runner on your hands? Our kitchen is serving up our full menu of sandwiches until 1am, tonight and every night. Congrats to everyone who ran today!, Whether you're running tomorrow or just planning a long day cheering those who are, get your carb load on at the Parish! Our mac and cheese will give you all the energy you need for Patriots' Day!, Man cannot live on Fenway Franks alone. Come by for a sandwich created by one of Boston's greatest chefs! Kitchen is open until 1am., Burned the ham? No problem! The Parish is open today--come on in and we'll handle the rest., Don't feel like cooking on Sunday? No worries--the Parish Cafe will be open regular hours on Easter., As baseball season begins, take it from a sports writer: The Parish Cafe is a great spot for pre- or post-game food. , Not too cold on this side of Boylston Street--come soak up some sun!, Thanks to everyone who voted! We love being in the neighborhood. , TGIF! You've been good all week. Time to treat yourself!, Thanks to Kevin for the heads-up on 2DineForBoston's Rachel showing the Hot and Cold Chicken Salad some love! , A touch brisk for the patio today. Luckily, the sandwiches taste just as good inside as they do outside., null, The Back Bay Patch has nominated us for the title of Best Place for a Casual Dinner in the neighborhood. We hope we've got your vote! , It's 65 degrees in Boston. It's not even 10:30am. It's March. This is rare, folks. Cancel that meeting. Stash the brown bag in the fridge. Come on in for lunch on the patio and enjoy the last very warm day we'll see for a while., Celebrate the official start of spring with lunch on the patio! (And maybe a nice cocktail. We'll never tell.), Hurting after the St. Paddy's weekend? A sandwich and a little time on the patio this gorgeous Monday will fix you up., Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at the Parish!, The electricity is running on our side of the Back Bay. Come in for lunch!, We've had great feedback on the Eggplant Milanesa by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner of Coppa and Toro. It's thin sliced, breaded, and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with slow roasted black beans, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw. The patio is open--come give it a try!, It's official! Patio season 2012 is here!, One of the most highly anticipated signs of spring is here. The Parish Cafe is getting ready for patio dining season!, Hard to believe with all the cold rain today, but we hope the patio will be open again soon!, Happy Leap Day! We're thrilled to have an extra day to serve the sandwiches of the chefs to you., We're back, folks! Stop in for one of our new menu items--the B&G Lobster Roll, the Coppa, the Schlow, and more!, Work is underway!, Hi everyone--Just a quick reminder that the Parish Cafe will be closed for repairs starting today at 5pm. We will reopen Monday, February 6. Come see us this afternoon!, It's your last chance for a late-night sandwich at the Parish Cafe! We will be CLOSED starting Sunday at 5pm for renovation., Reminder: The Parish Cafe will be CLOSED starting Sunday, Jan. 29 at 5pm for some sprucing up. Stop in for your favorite sandwich this weekend!, What sounds good tonight? , What better way to celebrate than with some Baked Mac and Cheese at the Parish Cafe? , We're serving up our amazing sandwiches until 1am. Brave the cold!, FYI: The Parish Cafe will be CLOSED starting at 5pm Sunday, January 29th. We will reopen on Monday, February 6th. As always, we thank you for your patience while we spruce up the restaurant to improve your dining experience., Check out our latest special. The Burke, by Jim Burke, chef/owner of Orta, Pembroke: Capicola, spicy sopresata, prosciutto and provolone cheese served on a toasted, garlic-oil rubbed baguette with marinated red onions. Sided with spicy red pepper relish and choice of homemade potato salad or coleslaw., It's finally cold enough to snow outside. If you need something to warm you up, check out our drink special. The Cranberry Toddy combines our house-infused Chivas Scotch with cranberries and orange zest. Served with cloves, honey, triple sec, and orange juice., Is this your first Monday back in the office after the holidays? Ease yourself back into the routine with lunch at the Parish Cafe!, Created by some of Boston's greatest chefs., We love Rialto (both the restaurant and the sandwich by the same name at the Parish). And, judging by this review in the Boston Globe, Chef Jody Adams' latest effort will be just as excellent. Congrats, Chef!, Check out the Boston Globe story on how the Parish Cafe does New Year's Eve! , We're loving an app called Chefs Feed. A travel guide written by chefs in amazing food cities around the country, it launched in Boston recently. Chef Robert Sisca of Bistro du Midi recommends the Rialto (by Jody Adams), served here at the Parish!, Planning your New Year's Eve festivities? The Parish Cafe will be open regular hours on December 31 and January 1. No cover, no events. Just amazing food and drink to start 2012 off right., A very merry Christmas to you and yours from the Parish Cafe!, The Parish Cafe is open until 5pm--let us do your Christmas Eve cooking!, Worked up an appetite shopping? The dbar will give you the fuel for the last-minute holiday push., The best part about the winter solstice? Every day, we're moving closer and closer to patio weather!, The Parish Cafe wishes a very happy Hanukkah to those of you who celebrate the holiday!, Ellen is a rerun this afternoon, showing her visit to Boston this summer. She gave a literal shout-out to diners on the patio at the Parish Cafe!, Still out and about? Looking for something to eat? Our full menu is available until 1 a.m.! Tonight and every night., Everyone's favorite fried veal sandwich--the dbar by Chef Christopher Coombs--is back on special at the Parish!, Feeling festive? Try the Candy Cane!, Fans of Boston's dining scene should check out food critic MC Slim JB's roundup of the year in food and drink. We love being a part of this city's great dining tradition!, Chef Ken Oringer (creator of "The Benny" here at the Parish Cafe) told Boston Chefs the gift he's hoping for is a bottle of Chartreuse Elixir.  http://bostonchefs.com/feature/chef-gift-guide-2011/, Wow, it got chilly out there! Come in and warm up with a fabulous sandwich at the Parish Cafe!, Getting hungry? Leave the brown bagged lunch for Monday and treat yourself to one of our amazing sandwiches instead!, You know and love the sandwiches designed by Boston's best chefs. But we also have entrees. Like Sean's Simple Chicken: Pounded, breaded chicken cutlets are sauteed in chicken stock, olive oil, lemon, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. Served over garlic mashed potatoes and baby spinach. Drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil., Almost lunchtime! Come to the Parish for our latest special--the Nebo. Italian-style tuna on a baguette with lettuce, tomato, hard-boiled eggs, onions, olive tapanade, fresh basil and a Mediterranean aioli., Late November patio weather? We'll take it!, #Boston is allowing 2 hours free parking for #SmallBusinessSaturday. Shop, then sample sandwiches of our city's chefs. http://ow.ly/7FMaQ, Shopping is hard work. Take a break at the Parish Cafe! We've got great new beers on draft and amazing cocktails., The Parish Cafe is thankful for our staff and the chefs who've developed sandwiches on our menu. We're closed today and will reopen tomorrow. Happy Thanksgiving!, Office closed early? Start your holiday right at the Parish! We've got a great new selection of beers on draft... come see us!, We wanted to remind you that the Parish Cafe is open regular hours tomorrow (Wednesday) and will be CLOSED for Thanksgiving. Join us on Friday for some post-shopping relaxation., TGIF! The beers are cold and we're ready to mix up your favorite cocktail. Start your weekend off right at the Parish Cafe!, Radius' Michael Schlow is featured in Stuff Boston's Chefs issue out now, and his sandwich is now on special at the Parish! The Schlow is thinly-sliced rare sirloin on Tuscan wheat toast with horseradish cream sauce, tomato confit, arugula, and caramelized onions. Served with a side of slaw and greens., Boston magazine says the food at Rialto distracts guests from the lobby of the Charles Hotel. Try Chef/Owner Jody Adams' Italian-inspired sandwich at the Parish! http://ow.ly/7tdN6, null, Happy Veterans Day! We've got a great cocktail for you--the Apple Cinnamon Sour. We've infused Woodford Reserve bourbon with apples and cinnamon and mix it up with triple sec, orange bitters, cider, and lemon juice. Think apple pie flavors, not the glowing green Appletini., Don't take this gorgeous weather for granted! Our patio is open--join us!, Congrats to all the chefs and restaurants named in Boston magazine's 50 Best Restaurants!, Nineteen years ago today, the Parish Cafe opened its doors. It's been our pleasure to serve you ever since. Come celebrate with us tonight!, Looking for a unique dinner? The Schlesinger (by Chris Schlesinger, Chef/Owner of the East Coast Grille) is our special. Two pieces of warm banana nut bread are topped with melted Monterrey Jack cheese and sliced smoked ham, served with a side of mango chutney., Happy National Sandwich Day! We can't think of a better place to celebrate this auspicious occasion than the Parish Cafe. Which of our sandwiches will you have to mark the birthday of the inventor of the sandwich?, The results of our staff pumpkin contest are in! 1st place goes to Jack Skellington, second to the snowman, third place to the hamburger. The coveted
People's Choice award goes to Jack Skellington. Thanks to everyone who voted!, Happy Halloween! It's the last day to vote for the People's Choice in our staff pumpkin contest. Check them out and vote for your favorite., We're getting some great entries in our staff pumpkin contest! This year, we'll also have a People's Choice award. Customers can vote starting on Sunday through Monday. Come vote and grab a bite this weekend!, Our new fall cocktail list is out! We've got libations from some of Boston's greatest mixologists and bartenders, as well as our own drinks. Come taste today., Gorgeous weekend for Head of the Charles, as well as the patio! Come by while you're in town and see what some of Boston's greatest chefs have developed for our menu., Lydia Shire's steak and blue is back on the specials menu. Nothing cures the rainy day blues like steak and a beer..., To our friends in the South End--thank you for your support as we've worked to bring a sidewalk cafe to the Parish. The Boston Parks Department will hold a hearing on Tuesday, 10/18 at 10:30am to review--and hopefully approve--our latest plan to bring outdoor dining to the Roxbury side of Mass Ave. Our proposal will keep one tree where it is now, and move one tree 28 feet south. It will allow us to preserve all the trees in the neighborhood while making the corner of Mass Ave and Tremont Streets more vibrant. We wouldn't have invested so much time and effort if we didn't think the neighborhood didn't need--or wouldn't support--this small business. The community has been overwhelmingly positive about the project, and we hope our fans here will be too.

If you can take the time to come to the hearing (at 1010 Massachusetts Ave.) on Tuesday to voice your support for outdoor dining in this part of the South End, we'd really appreciate it. Thanks again to everyone who wrote letters and came out for the hearings we've held over the past 18 months., Great news for our Back Bay customers--we're now accepting to-go orders all day long. Thanks for your patience this summer!, Both locations are open today. We are having fun! Come on by!!!, Join us at Parish I this Friday night for a Red Carpet Affair.  We're saying farewell to the FABULOUS California native, Erin!  We've got plenty of great beer, wine and cocktails to celebrate... and of course COSTUMES!  Show up in your Hollywood best!, The Parish Cafe on Boylston St will open at 11:30am tomorrow. Congratulations to the Bruins!!!, The patio is the perfect spot to watch the parade tomorrow and celebrate Pride!, Both locations are open Easter Sunday from Noon till 2AM. Happy Easter to all!!!, Parish 1 will re-open Monday 2/14/11 at 11:30 AM. The renovations are going well! See you Monday!, We are taking some time to do renovations. We will close today at 4pm and re-open Monday 2/14 at 11:30am with a great new look! We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. Please visit our other location, Parish Cafe 2, at 493 Mass. Ave or call them for take-out at 617.391.0501, Happy Snow Day! Come by to see Justin and unwind with a cocktail!!!, Both locations will be open today 11:30am-2am!, Cocktails on the Patio! What a beautiful start to a great New Year!!!, Happy New Year to All and Happy One Year Anniversary to Parish 2!!!, Parish Cafe II (Mass Ave)will be celebrating our one year anniversary January 1st, 2011!!! We would to say THANK YOU to all of our neighbors and friends...new and old...for all of your support and loyalty during our first year at this location. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!! Happy New Year to all!, "Santa Babies" Theme Night tomorrow night at Parish 1 with Debora as the Grinch!!!, New cocktails today at both locations!!!, Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry, Justin and Debora making it happen at Parish 1 tonight! Come visit!!!, New menu starting tomorrow!, Watch for Chef / Owner Sean Simmons on the Cooking Channel. They filmed today at Parish 2! Congratulations!, Check out our Skinny City Margarita: Patron Silver, Patron Citronge, Lime Juice, Simple Syrup, soda water and a splash of Sprite. Delicious!!!, Happy 3 Year Parish Anniversary, Dustin!!!, Tonight on the bar at Parish 1...Justin and Dustin! 
Join the ...ustins for cocktails and lots o laughs!!!, Richie and Justin are on the bar today at Parish 1. Come by to say Hi!, Stop by and say HI to Gilda tonight!!!, New Cocktail Menu at Parish Cafe II. It's a great day to stop by and discover your new favorite drink!!!, New Menu starting today at both locations!!! Some old favorites making a comeback...The Benny, The Campbell, The Schlow and The Spicy Tuna Burger!, New Beer list starting tomorrow at the Boylston St. location!, Parish Cafe South End, has started it's MUG CLUB!, Come by and check out our new menu!, Good-bye, Jess! We will all miss you!!!, Today's Specials Henri's Veal Pastrami A slow roasted veal briskett, thinly sliced and served warm on a baguette with a spicy mustard. Sided with homemade potato salad or cole slaw. The Benny A spicy Vietnamese grilled chicken breast sandwich served on a hard baguette with assorted vegetables and a mint-coriander mayo. Sided with a purple cabbage slaw tossed with tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil and cracked peanuts., Today's special...The Benny!!!, null, Thanks to all for an amazing weekend!, null, What a great day! The patio at Parish Cafe I was jamming and the open windows at Parish Cafe II brought in a great crowd. See you for more of the same tomorrow!!!, Ahhhhh...Spring on the Patio !!!, A sure sign of Spring when the Parish Patio opens !!!   Yipppeee !!1, Are you ready for Spring? This weekend is going to be gorgeous! Stop by the Parish Cafe I for the patio or Parish Cafe II for the open garage doors. Enjoy!, Congratulations to Gilda and Patrick for your promotions to Management! Great job!!!, Attention Beer Lovers: We are changing our beer list for the Spring and would love to hear your suggestions!, Good News! Parish Cafe II is extending it's kitchen hours. We will serve food till 1AM starting Monday Feb. 22nd.  As always last call at the bar at 2AM!!!, Come by Parish Cafe II to see Bartender Patrick Kelly (Mon-Fri, lunches). He has created some great new cocktails for the Spring list. Including the "Pink Pansy"-Veev liquere, St. Germain, Dry vermouth and Guava Juice topped with a Champagne float., Look for Chef/ Owner Sean Simmons on Phantom Gourmet soon. They will be at Parish Cafe II tomorrow to film and interview!, Visit our new location Parish Cafe II at
493 Massachusetts Avenue (on the corner of Mass. Ave. and Tremont St.)
(617) 391-0501

Serving food till midnight every night., null, null, null, null, Visit our new location Parish Cafe II at  493 Massachusetts Avenue (on the corner of Mass. Ave. and Tremont St.)   (617) 391-0501 Serving food till midnight every night., null, null)