List(Perfect morning for a cozy breakfast, hope to see you soon!, Holy crap! Piper eats at ROX!!!, Homemade Buttermilk Biscuits and Sawmill Gravy has returned to West Roxbury! And don't worry about this amateur-hour snow fall, You can open your front door, sneeze, and the snow will be gone. Seriously, just like that. Hope to see you at Rox, friend!, Celebrating the 1 year anniversary of our Notorious B.U.R.G.! It's become our best seller!!!

Shredded lettuce, tomato slices, crinkle cut pickles, diced onion, American & cheddar cheese, and, of course, our secret special sauce served on a seeded bulkie roll!, null, Happy Birthday to our country from a little diner that is very proud and grateful to be American., Congratulations and a warm welcome to our new neighbors!, So were spending this rainy Tuesday in the Eggs Benedict test kitchen in an attempt to create the ultimate summer Benny. Here's what we have so far. Thoughts?

Maine lobster, poached organic eggs, avocado, cherrywood smoked bacon, meyer lemon hollandaise, English muffins, Solar powered branding!, Tomorrow's special is a breakfast sandwich that will strip away everything you thought you knew about the most important meal of the day and leave you in a blissful haze of sensory nirvana. Friends, seared pancetta, whipped double-cream brie, fig confit & a cage free egg served between a sliced, fresh from the oven biscuit just made a hardened Marine Sargent post it to his Instagram with the hashtag #icanteven. Hope to see you tomorrow in #westie!!!, Serious question: If we put 'homemade cold pizza' as a brunch item, would you try it? Or should I just stop pretending we're on a college campus? On the other hand, I'd be into it - and I graduated from Oxford in 1952., Friends, we are on a mission to prove that bacon conquers all. Corned beef hash is a right; not a privilege. Kind folks of Boston, there are no red brunches or blue brunches! Maple syrup from the mountains of Vermont! Uncured gourmet ham from Virginia! Smoked Gouda from Wisconsin! We are ALL part of a one brunch, a united and strong meal dreamed by our forefathers. This dream cannot be brought down by snow. Rox will be open tomorrow, dear friends. You better believe it.
(By about 8:30 if that's cool, I have to snowblow and stuff), This looks intense..., BREAKING NEWS ON BLIZZARDGATE '15: Red Velvet Mascarpone Pancakes are being summoned to #WestRoxbury to help a wonderful, fed-up community deal with this  #@%&# pile of #$%#!, I don't care if I have to shovel all of Centre St with a spatula: Rox WILL BE OPEN in West Roxbury tomorrow. We will have coffee, bacon, pancakes, jokes about the weather, omelettes, bagels, real maple syrup, toast, corned beef hash, shovels, mimosas, beer, Bloody Mary's (now we're talking), sausages, home fries, organic yogurt, this awesome new artisanal smoked wild caught salmon, like thirty eight kinds of cheese and a TV!!! Come. Hang. Out. xoxoxo., Reasons to leave your house in this wimpy little snow-thing: 
1. Real Vermont Maple Syrup
2. Biscuits just finished baking
3. Sausage Gravy just finished, um, gravy-ing.
4. Brioche bread is ready for French toast
5. Bacon is standing ready
6. Hollandaise has been created with precision & love
7. We'd love to see your beautiful faces!, Back by popular demand! We will be waking up extra early on Saturday and Sunday to fire up the ovens and fill Centre St with the heavenly aroma of homemade buttermilk biscuits! Come early and often!, WINTERPOCALYPSE '15 BREAKING NEWS: The statewide ban on Bacon and Mimosas has been lifted. Rox Diner in West Roxbury will be OPEN tomorrow at 8am. Record high totals of Real Vermont Maple Syrup are still being reported, so take tomorrow off from work just in case. I mean, why not at this point, right? Those reports can wait until Thursday. See you at Rox!, Prime Rib Hash? Prime Rib Hash!, #brunch #westroxbury, ♪ Sing along, #westroxbury !!! ♫, This little Diner is thrumming with Holiday Cheer! (This entire post was an excuse to use the word 'thrum'.)

#westroxbury #brunch #thrum, null, null, null, The Notorious B.U.R.G. has dropped in West Roxbury!
Shredded lettuce, tomato slices, crinkle cut pickles, diced onion, American & cheddar cheese, and, of course, our secret special sauce served on a seeded bulkie roll!, One size fits all!, Good morning! Last night, I found myself face to face with a tenderloin of beef. Was I nervous? You better believe it. But, listen here friend, Mama didn't braise no fool, so I got to work!

(I'm so sorry about the above. I couldn't resist.)

Specials at our West Roxbury Shop:
Braised Beef Tenderloin Hash & Eggs
Homemade Cranberry Walnut Bread French Toast
Nutella & Mascarpone Brioche French Toast
Crabcake Eggs Benedict 

Hope to see you here!, We're thankful for many things here at Rox, none more important than all of you, your support and your friendship! We hope you have a fantastic Thanksgiving!

We'll be closed Thursday so our awesome team (who we're very thankful for) can spend time with family and loved ones.

We'll re-open Friday at 7am!

Thank you for everything!!!, So last night I decided to prepare a beef tenderloin for a nice wintry, overnight braise. Just as I'm adding a little red wine, a member from the James Beard society catapulted into our little West Roxbury diner and told me that if I braised that tenderloin and turned it into hash, I would lose 2 of my Michelin Stars. 

Nice try, pal.

Braised Beef Tenderloin Hash today, kids. Hope to see you at Rox in West Roxbury, Massachusetts!, West Roxbury MA: Turkey & Sweet potatoes have been removed from oven, Turkey Hash is nearing completion. Sage and aromatic veggies are standing by., BREAKING: Reported arrival of Pumpkin Bread French Toast at Rox has been confirmed. Pure Vermont Maple Syrup also reported by locals. #brunchinboston, Hi! My name is 'Salted Nutella & Banana Brioche French Toast'. I hope you come visit me this weekend at Rox Diner in West Roxbury!, Mornin!, Brunch Alert! Georgia Peaches & Cream French Toast Strata. Pure Vermont Maple Syrup! Right here in 'Downtown West Roxbury', as my Mom likes to call it. 

Hope to see you soon!, It seems like everyone and their monkey's uncle is hanging a picture of a lobster roll on their door (spelled lobstah, of course) this time of year. But I promise you this: We have the best traditional lobster roll from here to the rocky coast of Maine! Hope to see you soon!, null, Bloody Mary's and hockey go surprisingly well together! Come by if you're having a hard time convincing your 'other' on an afternoon at the bar!, Does anyone have Mick Fleetwood's phone number? No time to explain. Pls share for visibility. Thx., Friends! The taste of West Roxbury has almost arrived! This is a fantastic event that promotes the boundless talent in West Roxbury, supports the crucial work of West Roxbury Main Streets, and is the place your taste buds really want you to be. Please consider pre-buying your tockets using the link below! Thank you!, Alright so last weekend we made some Duck Confit Hash. It was soooo good with poached eggs. Every order I sent out of the kitchen felt bittersweet - like I was sending a child off to college. Or something. Anyhow, we're bringing it back this weekend! Hope to see you at Rox!, It's been a wonderful pleasure hosting this years Eggcademy Awards! But my wife tells me that I have to take out the recycling now and stop playing with Facebook. I'm so upset. Anyhow.... The BiG WINNER ...
The Eggcademy Award for Best Picture goes to...

The Rox!!!!

(the fix was in. good night, kids.), And the 2014 Eggcademy Award for Best Actress goes to...

The Isabela!!!, And the Best Actor Eggcademy Award goes to....

Al's Forklift!!!

This talented young breakfast was discovered behind a local hardware store and the rest is history! Congrats to a local boy done good!, And the winner for Best Supporting Hash is....

Guinness Braised Shortrib Hash!!!

After wowing the Eggcademy with its jaw-dropping performance in 'Dressed to Grill', this talented dish was truly the 'it' Hash this year. Congratulations!!!, Red Carpet Mimosa time! (No alcohol was consumed during this photo shoot...we think...), Eggcademy Awards weekend has arrived! Hope to see you on the #redcarpet!, Another #redcarpet special dropping this weekend:

Porter Braised Short Rib, Fig & Slow Caramelized Onion Hash.

Thoughts?, One of our #redcarpet weekend specials will be:

Louboutin inspired Red Velvet Pancakes with Vanilla Mascarpone Icing!, And now, the moment we've all been waiting for! The 2014 Eggcademy Award nominees for Best Picture!

1. The Rox
2. Blueberry Pecan Mascarpone Pancakes
3. The Mighty Eggs Benny
4. Flatiron Steak and Eggs

Coming soon, we'll discuss the specials that will be featured at our #redcarpet brunch this Sunday. Stay Tuned!!!, On to the nominees for best actor (eggtor?) Hold on tight! The Eggcademy nominees are:

1. Scramblin' Man
2. Al's forklift
3. The JFK
4. Eggs Alexandre

Keep the conversation going, kids! Thank you!!!, On to the blockbuster category of Best Actress in the 2014 #Eggcademy Awards! The nominees are:

1.The Isabela
2. The Juliana
3. The Jackie O
4. Eggs Americana

The excitement is building towards Sunday's Award Ceremony!, The envelope please! The nominees for the #Eggcademy Award in the category of Best Supporting Hash are:

1) Corned Beef Hash
2) Turkey Hash with a hint of Cumin
3) Sweet Potato and Black Bean Veggie Hash
4) Guinness Braised Shortrib Hash

Let the water cooler debate begin!, The big #Eggcademy Award Nominees day has arrived! The Eggcademy will release the nominees for Best Supporting Hash, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Picture starting at 10am!!! Share away and stay tuned!, You can cut the electricity around here with a knife! Tomorrow morning, we announce the nominees for the Eggcademy Awards! Our week's worth of coverage will culminate with red-carpet-ready weekend specials that will have Wolfgang Puck shaking in his chef boots! Stay tuned!, "Harry, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Every day, once a day, give yourself a
 present. Don't plan it, don't wait for it, just let it happen. Could be a new shirt at the men's store, a catnap in your office chair, or two cups of good, hot, black coffee."

Any other Twin Peaks fans amongst our peeps?, If you opened a diner - where would it be and what would you call it?, Gary walked in this morning, gathered the whole staff together in a huddle and said: 'Team - I'm about to bang out a Turkey Gumbo that will change your lives'. 

Friends, I think he did it., Quick question: How would you react if I randomly joined your table for a meal at Rox:

a) Hit me with a sweet "get back to the kitchen, pal."

b) Ignore me in hopes that I'll move on.

c) Tell me about this diner you went to in Virginia that made pancakes in the shape of helicopters.

d) Slap me with a sausage patty. 

e) Ask me to autograph a spatula to send to your son who is a big fan of my flat grill sorcery., Thank you so much for your support this weekend!!! There was no repeat of Peter Brady's bday bust at all! You guys are the best. Swear. Xoxo., Alright let's talk about tomorrow. Remember the Brady Bunch episode when no one came to Peter's party? That's how it feels for a Sunday to be slow at Rox. We're all prepped up, specials are printed, I'm wearing my special weekend apron...and nobody comes to the party. Then the servers get mad at me and ask for a big pile of veggie sausage patties to drown their sorrows in. It's rough. So please, don't let a little snow stop you! Hope to see you at Rox!!!, Tell us why you should be Rox Diner's Valentine. I'll pick one male and one female response and award both with an all expenses paid brunch at Rox!   (they don't have to eat together), Does anyone know anyone with purse strings at the Hard Rock Cafe? We've been running a special called the 'I Would Do Anything for Lunch' Meatloaf Melt that we want to sell them the rights to for $2.5mm. If we can make this happen, we'll split the cash with everyone who likes this post., Alright look. We need 18 measly likes to reach 1000. There are rest stops that have more than 1000 likes. We're starting to get looks at family parties. Will you please furiously share this post so we can reach triple digits before Facebook goes out of business? You are a wonderful friend!, The man from Fornax Bread Co. just informed us that it's not necessary to wrap him up in a big hug when he makes his morning bread drop. He says offering him a coffee will be quite sufficient. I hugged him anyhow. #breadthelove, Hello friends!!! For tomorrow morning in Westie, we're beer braising some short rib & chorizo for a hash & eggs special that we're all super pumped about. We're legit running around the kitchen throwing hi-5s at everything that moves. Hope to see you here!!!, Two old friends have rolled back into Westie for the weekend: Turkey Hash is back and packing a hint of cumin! Buttermilk biscuits and Sawmill Gravy arrived on the late train from Comfortville! Hope to see you this weekend at Rox Diner xoxoxox!!!, Behind the scenes peak...
http://i.imgur.com/yti5NLe.gif, BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!! Don't be scared of a little cold! Some blueberry, pecan, mascarpone pancakes will warm you right up! don't forget to grab a hot coffee too!, Don't worry about breakfast tomorrow! We've got you covered! We will be open at 8AM and ready for anyone dressed in pjs or clothes from the night before. We don't judge!, Yes yes yes a million times..YES! We are OPEN New Years Day at 8am. We will be accepting anyone who was out late the night before partying with open arms and stacks of stuffed french toast!, have you had a slab of meatloaf on your burger yet? what about french toast instead of a bun? or maybe something simpler like pickled red onions? hurry in and choose your own adventure for your burger before you go on that new year's diet!!!, don't eat leftovers! come in for dinner tonight!, We will be CLOSED Christmas Day 12/25 so that our staff may enjoy the day with their families. Please come see us on Thursday!! Happy Hollandaise! Love, Rox Diner, Ayo Beyoncé! Come have breakfast at Rox Diner while you're in MA. Or lunch. We'd be okay with either., Mashed potatoes on a burger? Heck yes? Or - Whachoo talkin' bout, Willis?, fresh batch of short ribs pulled from the oven! come in and treat yourself. AND its date night!, Now making snowman pancakes upon request for you and all your friends!, Give the gift of brunch! (or lunch, or dinner....) We have gift certificates available for sale! Makes a great stocking stuffer, secret Santa gift and fits nicely in a card. Ask for one from one of our lovely servers today!, Thank you to everyone who braved the elements and brightened up our day today!, I just powered out of my driveway, smashed through the mound left by the plows and yelled "Someone's gotta make the hollandaise!!!" Hope to see you at Rox!!!, It's date night! Come on by and ask our lovely server Bri how to share a sweet with your sweetie! #westie, THE RANSOM BURGER: 8oz chuck and short rib patty cooked just the way you like it, gorgonzola, arugula, balsamic reduction and hickory smoked bacon. Come have one tonight! Dinner in Westie is from 5-9pm!, Our Christmas decorations are up! Come by and get in the holiday spirit with a cup of hot cocoa and some apple cinnamon granola pancakes (some say they taste just like apple pie!). We are open for breakfast and lunch today until 3pm and then will reopen at 5pm for Date Night! Share a photo of you and a friend online with #dateatroxdiner and get a free dessert! #westie, Whoa whoa whoa....are you cooking right now? The day after Thanksgiving? What are you thinking?  Let us cook for you! Take a break and join us tonight for some Westie Mac and a glass of Fancy Pants blended red! You'll be thankful you did! #westie, We're so thankful for your support, friends! Happy Thanksgiving!, Have you been lucky enough to try (Gary's Famous) Coconut Chicken? It's all about the perfect balance of coconut and panko breading. Served with buttery orzo, seasonal vegetable, roasted red pepper aioli and mango. You'll see why it's famous! #Westie, IT'S DATE NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!! Grab a buddy, eat some dinnah, snap a pic and have a dessert on us! We love your love so come share it with us tonight!  #westie, It's Date Night in Westie!!! Come by tonight and have dessert on us! Snap a pic, post it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner, show it to your server and receive a free dessert to share with your special someone!, Get ready for the epic return of Date Night in Westie!!! Come by Wednesday night so you can brag to your friends on Thursday! Snap a pic, post it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner, show it to your server and receive a free dessert to share with your special someone!, Drunken Short Rib! And we're not talking about the lunatic at the pub who got an early jump on the weekend...we're talking dinnah at Rox!, Congrats Sox! Awesome! Operation: bring the trophy to Rox Diner begins now!, Have you been by for dinner yet? Come by this Thursday 5-9pm!, Congrats, Sox. Rejubilate!, Awesome cause & Johnny continuing to set a new standard of being a dork....enjoy!, Restaurant kitchen term of the day: 'All day'

This somehow means 'total at the moment' As in, "Two burgers on table 13, that makes five burgers all day, please"

The first time I heard someone saying 'all day' I just played along like I knew what it meant, but it took me about 2 weeks to figure it out., Pop quiz! What inspired the names behind these two solid breakfast classics?

a) We ripped them off from Denny's

b) They were Johnny's nicknames during a stories football career at Colgate

c) A six pack of tall-boys 

d) A dumb pun on a famous Boston crime and Scotty B's old Chevy Silverado., You may recognize the names Juliana & Isabela from our menu - here they are causing problems at Rox - and today is Juliana's (in blue) 4th birthday! We love you Jules!, Bacon soft or crispy?, Rox Diner is pleased to announce our endorsement of the Green Lantern Burger. We truly believe that #avocado, #smokedgouda, and #pestomayo are important issues facing an 8 ounce shortrib/chuck blend #burger. We feel that the Green Lantern Burger addresses these issues with zesty enthusiasm. We also apologize for showing zero restraint when it comes to opportunistic posts like these. We just cant help it! And by 'we', I mean 'me'. Or would it be 'I'? Anyway - have an A-1 day!, If you see someone dressed up as a piece of French Toast roll past you on an old school 10 speed, pay zero attention. It has nothing to do with an upcoming Rox Diner commercial. Have an A-1 day!, Come by this weekend and gobble up our Almost Autumn Omelette (say that three times fast!). Its packed with apples, pecans, farmhouse cheddar, hickory smoked bacon and finished with a drizzle of clover honey!, We have some beautiful weekend brunch specials for you starting tomorrow! Try one of our featured omelettes: The Alex's Ugly Omelette ( Alex's Ugly Sauce, pepperjack cheese, onions, hashbrowns (in the omelette!) and sour cream) or The Rocket Summer (arugula, feta, tomato and honey basil vinaigrette). Delicious!, it's thanksgiving tuesday and we couldn't be more thankful here at rox diner in westie! there's a turkey breast roasting in the oven right now, the cranberry sauce is slowly bubbling down, the bread is waiting to be turned into stuffing, the green beans are waiting for melted butter, its too early to make mashed potatoes yet, but don't worry, those will be ready and creamy and buttery....what are you thankful for?, Have you tried our bacon wrapped curried deviled eggs yet? oh so good!, it's time for sunday suppah! 10 oz prime rib, smashed potatoes and sauteed baby spinach with garlic. all covered in au jus! the heat wave is over, fill ya belly!!, milkshakes and burgers tonight! come by westie for a choose you own adventure burger! ever had fried mozzarella and meatloaf on a burger? now's your chance!, we are the anti-greasy spoon.
http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/07/17/rox-diners-kelly-lydon-on-macgyvering-at-greasy-spoons.php, it's Date Night in Westie!!! Come by tonight so you can brag to your friends tomorrow about the perks of Date Night at the Rox Diner! Snap a pic, post it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner, show it to your server and receive a free milkshake or dessert to share with your special someone!, Don't you dare cook in this heat! Come by tonight and have a milkshake and a caprese salad-everything fresh from the West Roxbury Farmer's Market! Every vegetable in our caprese was purchased right from Silverbrook Farm. Heirloom tomato, lemon basil, red currant infused balsamic reduction, fresh mozzarella, extra virgin olive oii...mmmmm perfect for this blistering heat!, Have you been in to try our summer menu yet? The best way to start a meal is with one of our snax, like bacon wrapped curried deviled eggs with a glass of Wither Hill Sauvignon Blanc. Then move on and have an appetizer like our Southern Style Arancini stuffed with bacon, smoked gouda and swiss chard and smothered in our homemade buttermilk ranch dressing. Dinner? Its a toss up between our Shep's Pie (brasied short rib, carrots, corn, smashed potatoes, farmhouse cheddar, bourbon gravy) or the Cutlet and Cavatappi (lightly fried breaded chicken cutlet covered in melted fresh mozzarella, arugula, olives, red onion, tomatoes, red wine vinaigrette on top of our homemade marinara and cavatappi) with a glass of Jargon Merlot . Desserts change weekly but tonight it'd have to be the banana bread french toast sundae. Come in to westie tonight and try it all!, Tonight we're featuring a lovely Seared Scallop special with Parsnip Puree, hickory smoked Bacon, Carrot and Pear salad and Curry Vinaigrette. Don't forget to try our new Blueberry Cinnamon Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream!, Oh my goodness.... it's Date Night in Westie!!! Come by tonight so you can brag to your friends tomorrow about the perks of Date Night at the Rox Diner! Snap a pic, post it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner, show it to your server and receive a free milkshake or dessert to share with your special someone!, It's Turkey Tuesday in Westie! Where else can you get a full Thanksgiving dinner in the middle of July?! Stuffing, Mashed Potatoes, Cranberry Sauce, Gravy, Sam Summer braised Kohlrabi....now if only there was football!, Do you have a date for date night yet? This Wednesday #dateatroxdiner and get a free dessert!, It's time for Sunday Suppah!!!! 10 oz. Prime Rib cooked just the way you like it, mashed potatoes, sauteed swiss chard and au jus. This Sunday and every Sunday here at Rox Diner in Westie!, Some killer brunch specials this weekend: Prime Rib Hash with Au Jus, Turkey Sausage and Sweet Potato Hash, Chorizo Hash, Turkey Hash...It's hash heaven! We are also featuring our ever so popular Crab Cake Benedict and Lobster Benedict. In the mood for an omelette? Try our special Summertime Omelette with sundried tomatoes, fresh basil, fresh mozzarella and garlic. Want some lunch? We have a slooooooow cooked Pulled Pork Sandwich topped with bourbon bbq sauce, pickled red onions and coleslaw. Don't forget to grab a slice of fresh baked banana bread!, Attention, attention: Rox Diner in Westie will be open from 7am-2pm for July 4th. Enjoy the holiday!, Hello friends! If you know of any amazing, passionate, dedicated creative restaurant professionals specializing in Front of the House leadership, please ask them to drop a note and a resume to johnny@roxdiner.com. We have opportunities in Newton! Feel free to share this or pass it along to anyone who may find it helpful. Thank you so much!, It's date night! Come by #westie tonight and enjoy the perks of date night at the Rox Diner! Snap a pic, post it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner, show it to your server and receive a free milkshake or dessert to share with your sweetheart!, We have chili (sweet potato and black bean), we have cheese (farmhouse sharp cheddar) and we have fries...it's only fair that we have Chili Cheese Fries! Come by Westie tonight and have a pile of them with Sour Cream, Pickled Jalapenos and Red Onions, Cilantro and Tomatoes. They're better than nachos!, It's Sunday which means it's Prime Rib Night at the Rox in Westie! Enjoy a 10 oz Prime Rib cooked just the way you like it with Mashed Potatoes, Glazed Baby Carrots and smothered in Au Jus. We serve it until it's gone so get it while it's hot! Bring the whole family!, Did you know that you can get lobster on ANYTHING at Rox Diner-just ask! Benedicts, Omelettes, Lobster Rolls, add it to your Burger, your salad, your Risotto, your pancakes (just kidding) (unless that's what you really want, we'll do it)...the possibilities are endless all summer long! Dare we say it's lobster mania?  #westie, We have some awesome specials for the weekend ladies and gents that pair perfectly with this warm weather! Start off with fried Fishcakes, grilled peach salsa, lemon aioli and arugula and for dinner we have a grilled Mahi Mahi with fried Avocado, Roasted Corn Salsa, sauteed Swiss Chard and Pineapple vinaigrette. Not into fish? We're featuring a new Farmer's Market Risotto with Carrots fresh from City Growers, mushrooms and caramelized onions topped with carrot chips! Finish it all off with a fresh fruit, nut and chocolate plate (which is vegan and gf!) See ya soon!, It's date night! Come by #westie tonight and enjoy the perks of date night at the Rox Diner! Snap a pic, post it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner, show it to your server and receive a free milkshake or dessert to share with your sweetheart! Tonight we're offering chocolate covered strawberries and fresh berries with whipped cream. Enjoy one of our new summer entrees like the Herb Roasted Statler Chicken or today's Fish of the Day (Grilled Mahi) and you're guaranteed to impress your date!, null, Tomorrow kicks off Rox Diner in Westie's first Date Night at The Diner! Every Wednesday, grab a special someone to take a photo anywhere in or right outside Rox Diner Westie and upload it on facebook, twitter or instagram with #dateatroxdiner. Show your uploaded photo to your server and receive a free dessert or milkshake to share with your sweetie!, Its everyone's favorite day of the week in Westie! Every Tuesday we slow roast an all white meat turkey breast and serve it with Fornax bread sage stuffing, cranberry sauce, bourbon gravy, mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetable (right now it's collard greens). Happy Thanksgiving Tuesday, pilgrims!, Check out Johnny on NECN!
http://www.necn.com/06/25/13/Summer-recipes-Barbeque-chicken-thighs/landing_features.html?blockID=844801&feedID=8498, ITS THE LAST DAY OF BURGER WARS! ITS THE LAST DAY OF BURGER WARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please vote for Rox Diner to WIN WIN WIN! THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 #burgerwars http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, It kills two stones with one bird. Google searches it. When opportunity knocks and its not there, opportunity waits. It's mother has a tattoo that says "Son". Once, it won burger wars. Three times. It is the most interesting burger in the world. #burgerwars http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, Come by Westie this morning a try some delicious prime rib hash smothered in au jus! Chef Kelly at the host stand. Come on by and hear about our new dinnah menu!!, How many of you have tried "The Most Interesting Burger In The World"? Show of hands (likes)!, We've got some rockin' specials for this weekend! Fresh PEI Mussels steamed with fennel, tomato, bacon, white wine, cream and parsley with grilled Fornax bread for soaking up the broth. A new Farmer's Market Risotto with sundried tomatoes, roasted garlic, sweet corn, pesto and baby kale from City Growers. We'll also be serving our #burgerwars burger all weekend for lunch and dinner!, Today's Fish of the Day: seared Swordfish, Jasmine Rice, sauteed Swiss Chard (from Applefield Farm), watermelon and cucumber salsa. Goes great with Pinot Gris!, Only 5 days left to vote for Rox Diner to win #burgerwars. If you haven't come in to try our "Most Interesting Burger In the World" now is the time. If you have already had one come and have another! 
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, Relish it. Just don't put relish on it.
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, Regardless of it's cooking temperature it is always considered rare. A popular work out video was made in honor of it's buns. Napkins used during its consumption become almost irresistible to the taste buds. Once, it flipped itself. It is the most interesting burger in the world.
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, Voting ends Sunday! Technically, you get to vote twice. Once online and once by coming into Rox Diner Westie and purchasing "The Most Interesting Burger In The World". Technically, you can vote 251 times. If someone buys 250 of these bad boys you'll forever be "The Most Interesting Customer In The World".
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, Just in time for father's day the premiere of Rox Diner in Westie's Sunday Suppah! Bring dad in for a nice 10 oz. roast prime rib, smashed potatoes and buttery green beans all topped with au jus. Pair that with an icy cold Baxter IPA and you've got yourself the best father's day present ever!!!!!!!!!!!, You don't bite into it, it bites into you. Regular french fries are ashamed to even be on the plate next to it. When you try to put ketchup on it, it won't come out of the bottle. Yes, even if you use a knife. Once, a cow thanked it for existing. It is the most interesting burger in the world. #burgerwars #westie, null, http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, Its time to vote for Rox Diner to win Burger Wars! Come in and try "The Most Interesting Burger In the World" this weekend! It's our delicious 8oz patty with red onion and bacon jam, beer infused fried goat cheese, horseradish mayo and mixed greens. Served with a healthy side of truffle fries. For each burger sold, and prices vary at each restaurant, $1 will go to West Roxbury Main Street's continual revitalization efforts. Please go vote!!!
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/YTS9JL9, http://boston.cbslocal.com/2013/06/02/phantom-gourmet-rox-diner/, null, Did you know Rox Diner in Westie is committed to using produce from local farms? This week we are featuring greens from City Growers (City Growers’ mission is to transform vacant lots in Boston into intensive urban farms that are economically and environmentally sustainable) and Applefield Farm in Stow, MA (home to some of the most exquisite Swiss Chard we’ve ever seen)!, Tonight’s the night!! Come in to Westie tonight and try our brand spanking new summer dinner and drink menu! Be the first one to say “I went to Rox Diner in Westie and got Mac and Cheese on my Burger!”, Hi everybody. It's Johnny. I have had the pleasure and honor of running the kitchen in West Roxbury for 6 years. The community's response to Rox Diner's food and values has been an awesome gift that I hold dearly and graciously. Your support of our 'little engine that could' has enabled us to bring on an inspired, gifted, smart and creative Chef to lead Rox into a bright future. 

I am thrilled to introduce Chef Kelly Lydon. 

Chef Kelly embodies Rox Diner's commitment to challenging ourselves to improve while staying true to our roots and our 'hood. With her fierce commitment to local farms and partners, an understanding of gluten-free and vegan deliciousness, and a natural fluency in our style of elevated comfort food, Kelly is a perfect match for Rox. The summer dinner menu looks amazing. I'll have it online tomorrow.

Friends - thank you endlessly for your support. xo.

jf, Want the inside scoop on Westie’s new dinner menu? Okay, okay here’s some things to look forward to: Goat Cheese stuffed Cherry Pepper, Southern Style Arancini, a Spinach salad with Watermelon, Feta, Red Onion, Cucumber and Red Wine Vinaigrette, Choose Your Own Adventure Burgers, Shepherds Pie made with braised Short Rib...and much, much, MUCH more. Come by tomorrow night and check it out!, Tonight in Westie we’re serving up a beautiful summer vegetable Risotto! Fresh sweet Corn, Asparagus, Summer Squash and Zucchini folded in with Cream and sharp Cheddar and topped with Garlicky Spinach. Vegan? Gluten Free? We make each risotto to order and can accommodate any of your dietary needs. We’ve got you covered!, When's the last time you had an awesome cup of Corn Chowdah? We make ours with sweet fresh corn, bell peppers and lots of fresh herbs. Come into Westie tonight and gobble some up!, Come into Rox Diner Westie tonight and try one of our new summer salads! Baby Arugula fresh from Applefield Farm, Orzo, dried Cranberries, hickoey smoked Bacon, herb infused Goat Cheese and  Steak Tips all tossed in a fresh Basil and Honey dressing., We're stepping up our dessert game here at Rox Diner in Westie! Tonight we are featuring a warm Orange, Cranberry and White Chocolate Bread Pudding (baked right here at Rox using bread from Fornax Bakery in Roslindale!) served with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. Not in the mood for a warm treat? Have a slice of cool Key Lime Pie baked right across the street at Sugar Baking Co.!, All this week at Rox Diner in Westie we will be testing out new items for our summer menu! Tonight we are featuring a Sweet Potato and Black Bean Chili (which is vegan and gluten free!) with cilantro, lime and warm corn tortillas. Come by and try a bowl for dinner and tell us what you think!, Come into Rox Diner in Westie tonight for dinner and enjoy a filet of pan seared Salmon atop a salad of baby Arugula, Goat Cheese, hickory smoked Bacon, Red Onion, sweet Corn and Red Wine Vinaigrette. Sip on a glass of Lagaria Pinot Grigio and you'll feel so good you'll forget tomorrow's Monday!, null, You want ice cold, fresh squeezed, perfectly sweet and tart lemonade? Okay, you got it! But you have to come by Rox Diner in Westie to get it! Have a Lobster Roll while you're at it! It's a match made in heat wave heaven., Another scorcher! Keep that oven off and come have dinner at Rox Diner in Westie! Tonight we are featuring a lightly fried Chicken Cutlet smothered in fresh Mozzarella topped with baby Arugula, Kalamata Olive, Red Onion and Red Wine Vinaigrette. Served with a side of Penne and house made Marinara. Pair that with a cold glass of White Watermelon Sangria and start the weekend off right!, It's too hot to cook at home! Come have a Lobster Roll with French Fries and Coleslaw in Westie tonight and show this weather who's boss., Nothin's like a slice of warm Apple Pie with a heaping scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream! Especially when that pie was baked fresh today across the street at Sugar Bakery! Come on in to our Westie location tonight and treat yourself! You deserve it., How 'bout some hot sauce with your eggs? Rox Diner in Westie is proud to now offer three flavors of  Alex's Ugly Sauce with your meal (Milder, Original and Habanero)! Delicious and made locally in Jamaica Plain!, Tonight's specials in Westie!

Seafood Duo
Crabcakes with red pepper aioli + Maine Lobster  with champagne cream sauce, rice and sautéed veggies. 
   
BBQ Boneless Pork 'Chops'
Pork tenderloins, fried sweet potato sticks, BBQ sauce, mash and sauteed veggies, If you're in the mood for a Fish Taco or three, swing by!, Tonight's dinner special in Westie:

Portuguese steamed mussels & toast points with tomato broth., Avocado, goat cheese, pecan & pear spring salad: With what kind of dressing would you match this?, We've never been prouder to be Bostonian., Thoughts and prayers for Boston., Tonight's specials 

Grilled portabella sandwich:

Balsamic marinated portabella cap, goat cheese, pesto mayo, roasted red peppers and caramelized onions. 

Warm spinach chicken salad:

Grilled chicken, sautéed spinach in a red wine balsamic dressing. Bacon cracklings, roasted red peppers. Grilled pita, Anyone near a TV should check out Phantom Gourmet - the Rox episode is about to air!, Tonight's menu for our beer and bacon bash in Newton! What do you think sounds the best? (coming soon to westie...), Should cherrywood smoked bacon be invited to a crabcake benedict party? Please discuss (pic related), null, Tonite!

Salad special: seared flatiron steak, mixed greens, grilled portabella mushrooms, gorgonzola cheese, balsamic dressing, caramelized onions and roasted reds. 

Entree: Seared flatiron steak on baguette with roasted red peppers, gorgonzola cheese and caramelized onion. Choose your favorite side. 

Hope to see you!, Avocado on your burger: Yay or nay?, Free appetizer to the first person to catch me drinking a glass of Pinot Gris tonight at Rox. The games begin at the proper hour of 7pm., Roasted 1/2 chicken and a biodynamic Pinot Gris? Cover me, I'm going in..., null, We've gotten landlord's approval to add a roof deck & bar to our beloved West Roxbury spot!!! Please, help show your support for this by liking/sharing this big news! Thank you friends!, Italian Job!, Fish & Chips night in Westie! Come slap Steve a high-5 and tell him you like his new sweater!, Tonight in Westie!, All of your friends' jaws will drop as you swag past them in this hotter-than-fire tee! One soon to be fashion icon (and beloved  friend of Rox) will win one of these babies FREE!, just by clicking 'share.' (Sleeves optional), Congratulations to Richard Waxman, who won a ticket to our Bacon and Beer Event! We can't wait to party with Richard and everyone else on 4/11!, Thank you for an amazing show, Phantom!, Our bacon & bleu cheese pork chop is a perfect match Angry Orchard Crisp Hard Cider...and the whole production is Gluten free! Hope to see you at Rox tonite!, One awesome person who 'clicks share' will win a FREE ticket to this spectacular event! Sam Adams & Rox Diner join forces! We'd love to see you in Newtonville on 4-11!
www.beerandbacon.eventbrite.com, Roasted 1/2 chicken night in Westie! Stop by for some home cookin. Well I suppose you don't have to leave your home for home cookin' but...we'll clean up too!, We're throwing a party to celebrate two of our best friends: Beer & Bacon!, Happy St. Paddy's day! Bangers & Mash pairs perfectly with a Guinness, and there is ZERO green food coloring in any of it! An Dúin le dathú bia glas! (Gaelic for 'Down with green food coloring!'), The crowned jewel of the appetizer family. The inimitable, almighty  king of all pre-meal snacks: Mozzarella sticks with marinara!, Apple-pecan crepe ala mode topped with Vermont maple syrup, creme brulee and more homemade magic for dessert in West Roxbury today - all made by the lovely & multi-talented server, Mel!, West Roxbury hours update: 6am-9pm Mon through Fri; 7am-9pm Sat & Sun. Thanks!, Perfect night for Apple-ginger marinated turkey tips at Rox in Westie or Newton!, To all of our friends reaching out with inquiries about the evening menu for West Roxbury, I can't resist but to cash in on a chance to point you toward our awesome new website. Hope to see you tonite!, Sugar on snow, anyone?, Tonight is our official opening night in West Roxbury. We've started with a nice compliment of beer and wine, which we'll continue to grow based on our beloved guests' feedback. We have an exciting new dinner menu posted on our website and, of course, we're serving the entire brunch menu as well. We hope to see you soon every night until 9pm, dinner service begins at 5pm., Big day in Rox Diner history! We're starting dinner tonight in Westie! Also - our new website launched! Take a peak. Awesome work Watershed Media, Pics of chefs gallivanting through farmer's markets inspecting okra are fine and all, but...I give you: 

The unstoppable Chef Bruce Harris

Epic., ...and after!, Fine, Nemo. The day is yours. But tomorrow - team Rox will reunite! Stay safe, everyone and we'll be back open tomorrow!, Here's our before picture (bonus cute puppy!)..., Our Blueberry Pecan Mascarpone Pancakes just got back from a session at Glamour Shots. Things got a little carried away..., So we had some super-pro photos taken at Rox! Here's an awesome shot of our most popular sandwich - the lovely and talented Classic Grilled Reuben with homemade chips., Great article by Rox Diner's dear friend and beer consultant - enjoy!, Should we do some Patriot themed specials? Maybe wait for the Super Bowl? Or maybe just stop trying to be cool by associating our food with local sports teams? I don't know...but in the meantime, I'm doing this dance., Specials!, Please enjoy..., Happy New Year!!! Thank you for a wonderful 2012!!! We will be open in both spots New Year's Day, we'd love to see you!, Backstory: My name is Johnny and I have two daughters. I'm an owner of a restaurant that loves to make local, artisanal friends. 

So...how hard do you think it was for us to decide to bring this deliciousness into the fold at Rox?, Newton Brunch Specials..., To our beloved, patient, beautiful friends in West Roxbury: Beer and wine, along with a full dinner service, is coming to Rox in West Roxbury in February 2013. We are thrilled!!!, We'd love to see you here for a Prime Rib dinny din!, Captain! We have a Crabcake Benny sighting at 12 o'clock!, So. I'm messing around in the kitchen, minding my own business when, bam! 
Salted Nutella French Toast Kebabs. 
Should these be a special?, Oh that? That ain't nuthin but a Maple Walnut Pancake Sundae. Come try one!, null, What starts with 'Prime', ends with 'Rib' and almost done slow-cooking at Rox? Hope to see you for dinner!!!, This weekend at Rox: The Mighty Lobster Benny. Hope to see you, friend!, Side of bacon with your dinner? Pancakes for dessert? We got you! Hope to see you in Newtonville for din-din!, Time to gather nominations for the 2012 Roxie Awards!
Tell us your favorite breakfast at Rox Diner: Is it the Banana Nutella Stuffed Brioche? Or the Avocado, Pear, Goat Omelette. Maybe its the Thomas Terrific (bacon egg & cheese with chicken salad on a bagel)? Please respond! Thank you, friends! Rox loves you!, Roasted Turkey Dinner tonight at Rox in Newtonville - with our featured draft: 
Comet Tail ale from Blue Hills Brewery! Hope to see you here!, From the entire Rox family, from the bottom of our hearts: Thank you., Rox was happy to host Joe Kennedy III, Mayor Setti Warren and Representative Barney Frank - a great day for Brunch!, Pumpkin Pancake Special - all weekend at BOTH Rox Diners! Why is that pumpkin eating his friends!?! Have a great weekend, kids!, This weekend's brunch special in Newtonville, Apple Crumbler French Toast!, Hi everybody! If you or someone you know is an experienced server and would like to join our awesome team in Newton? If so, please send information to johnny@roxdiner.com. Thanks and have a wonderful evening!, Elizabeth Warren and Mayor Warren stopped by Rox!, Thank you, Rox peeps, for helping us with this! This was a wonderful fundraiser for a great, hidden community treasure!
(My little Isabela is in pink, all the way to the right. I'm just a little bit proud.), Local craft beer in Newton - now on TAP! Tonite we launch our draught beer servive with four great local brews: Mayflower IPA, Gloucester Ale, Allagash White & Sam Summer! Hope to pour you a pint soon!, Tonite! 
Golden Ale Fondue
Mayflower Golden Ale & farmhouse cheese fondue with pita points & fresh veggies to dip! 

Pasta alla Carbonara!

Maine Lobster Bar!

(sorry about all the exclamation points!), Fun fact: Lobster Sliders go wonderfully with Montinore Biodynamic Pinot Gris. Just sayin', Also: West Rox peeps. We just began our beer & wine permitting process. We'll be serving dinner to our beloved West Roxburians in no time! Cross your fingers, please!, Tonite kicks off our 'Maine Lobster Bar' in Newton: Lobster Rolls & Lobster Sliders? Heard. Lobster Cobb Salad & Lobster Mac n Cheese? True. Lobster Reuben? Aw yeah. and we are staying open until 10, 7 days a week!, There is no closer friend to Rox Diner than Master Electrician Scotty Bennett. Here is our boy - greening the planet and making us proud., Planning on coming to Rox in Newton for dinner tonight? Oh. Well how about if I told you we are flame-grilling swordfish with tangy compound butter? And then - hows about I tells you that its a heavenly match with our Montinore biodynamic Pinot Gris, Willamette Valley? Hope to see you here!, Dinner special in Newton. Hudson Valley pan roasted duck breast with roasted peaches & pecan fried rice. Hope to see you at Rox!, Vote Rox! First of all: We are the only place on the list that is technically a "spot." Secondly: No one loves Mother's more than us. Thirdfully: We <3 you!, Let's all join hands and sing Happy Birthday to one of the two fools who started Rox Diner - and one of the hardest working maroons in the restaurant biz. Happy Birthday, Paul!, Paul was nice enough to share some footage of him and a bestie when they were young. Paul is the kid on the left being his usual smooth self. Enjoy!, Here's Paul on our security cam. He was running a little late, but was super smooth about it, as usual.
http://i.imgur.com/IL5zB.gif, Check our Phantom Gourmet tomorrow at 10:30am, TV38! Rox Diner is featured!!!, Quick vid of Paul on his new forklift stocking some eggs. Um...clean-up, aisle 7?!?!
http://i.imgur.com/8UwrV.gif, Specials: Tonight in Newton we have Almond & coconut crusted haddock with spring fruit chutney & balsamic glaze. All weekend in Westie we will be serving Tsoureki French Toast - A traditional orange zest & honey touched bread served with Greek yogurt & blueberries. Hope to see you! <3, Rox Diner is extending our weekend hours! 7am to 3pm on Saturday and Sunday. Hope to see you soon!, Chocolate studded zucchini bread French toast returns tomorrow (in West Roxbury) by popular demand. Thanks to our very own superstar server/baker Mel for this awesome spin. Absolutely delicious and you even get bonus veggies. Hope to see you in westie!, We're over here wondering if Mr. Loconto has taken our Lamborghini out for a spin yet? You know, our Brandt Burger topped with seared pancetta, fresh mozz, baby arugula & balsamic glaze? (neat segue, huh?) , Burger Wars! Rox Diner in West Roxbury is sending our Lamborghini burger to battle. Pancetta, fresh mozzerella, baby arugula & balsamic glaze over our 8lb all natural angus burger.
All that and $1 from each burger goes to West Roxbury Main Streets, an invaluable resource to our community!, Our Chronicle segment last night. Enjoy, sweehearts!, null, Its super Monday and, sandwich eaters of Newton, we're asking for your support. Our platform of organic ingredients, humane meats, and home cookin' is what will lead Newton into a prosperous future of lunching! Together, we can....Do lunch! Thank you!, We're not flip-floppin' on any breakfast-related issues facing West Roxburians today! Vote Rox Diner to lead West Roxbury into a brighter future of breakfast! Thank you! , For those of you who have never been inside our walk-in cooler, you're looking at shelf 1, row A, sector 3: Some of the best eggs known to humankind., Homemade orange tic-tacs at Rox tonight!, I have an idea! Raise a pork-chop to your favorite president at Rox Diner in Newton tonight!, Our first night of dinner was awesome! Thanks everyone! We're serving breakfast all night long as well as our hot off the presses dinner menu. Tonight we're spotlighting Mayflower Porter str8 outta Plymouth MA, Peak's Organic Ale shipped down from Portland ME, and Rope Swing Pilsner representin' Portsmouth NH. Come say hi!, Dinner in Newtonville kicks off tonight! Here's a li'l peak at the menu - we've also selected some great wine & local/craft beers <hiccup> - hope to see you soon!, On our soon to be released new menu, we will be featuring a burger that is topped with green chiles, pepperjack cheese & homemade bbq potato CHiPs. We can't decide whether to call it the 'Sgt. Poncherello' or 'The Estrada'. Hit play on this tune, get all fired up, then tell us which you'd choose. Or even suggest something else depending upon how fired up you get. Thanks, friends!, Check out this cool article in the Herald featuring two of your favorite baboons!, Hello friends! Slap on your stomping boots and shoot to Rox Diner for a treat on a snowy day. Specials! For our peeps in Newton: Sweet & Naughty Crepes featuring fresh raspberries & whiskey whipped cream. For our peeps in West Roxbury: The magical Crabcake Benedict. Hope to see you! <3, Today's the day!, Here's the new website too, friends!, Let's make this the Rox Diner page, ok friends? I'm going to be bugging the people from the other "formerly auntie b's page to come here)