List(Thanks to Exotic Flowers we're #LIUB for #AutismAwareness ! Kicking off our week of fundraising for the Autism program for the Parkway Community YMCA Autism program! Blue Sangria starts on Monday till Sunday!, Saturday Special! Rack of Lamb  - delicious!, Think Blue and drink Blue!! It all starts on Monday April 4 until Sunday April 10th!

https://www.facebook.com/sonia.garufi/posts/10153371570905703, "I only drink champagne on 2 occasions: when I am in love and when I am not!" - Coco Chanel

Winesday Bubbles!, Grotto Crew is out hunting Easter eggs today! Sorry we are closed!, Patio Puppy! Cool and sunny in Roslindale and perfect al fresco dining for this cutie Rozzie!!, Invasion of the Peeps! They love our Peepatini! Vanilla Vodka and Amaretto!, Wonder what quaint neighborhood restaurant they'll be shots of?? Tomorrow night at 10:00 on HGTV!, Saturday night calls for Margaritas!, March 9th and we are ready to #DineOutBoston alfresco! Who's joining us tonight for dinner on the patio! Thank you Mother Nature!, Hello #DineOutBoston! How about our delicious artichoke hearts stuffed with goat cheese wrapped in prosciutto for your first course!, "Leave the gun, take the cannoli"
...especially if they came from Sophia's Grotto!
Godfather - Academy Award 1973, Happy Valentine's Day! Celebrating with lots of Grotto Bubbly! #LoveOnMain #ROSLove #GrottoLove, Grotto Love Cocktails! Valentini or Bubbly Love? Happy Valentine's Weekend! #LoveOnMain, Grotto Love! #LoveOnMain, Thanks Zagat for the #LoveOnMain!!
 https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/the-most-romantic-restaurant-in-10-boston-neighborhoods, This is our Championship Team! Winning ten years of cooking the best food! The best crew! We couldn't do it without our Grotto Guys!, Grotto Winter Wonderland!, Grotto Snow Bunnies! #BOSnow #ROSlove, Winesday!! It's a battle between rich and old world wines! Argentina, Portugal and France!, No Manic Monday at the Grotto! We are all about Martini Monday! Is there a better way to start off the week??, Come keep cozy with the Grotto Girls!, How about a delicious cocktail before the storm! Our favorite blizzard combination of Rumchata, Vanilla Vodka, and Kahlua! Bring on winter storm Jonas!, Best Video Evah! Go PATRIOTS! #DoYourJob https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqDKvc2YHW0, Of course she's brilliant! Product in one hand... beverage in the other! We love the Fabulous Joanne Rossman!, PATRIOTS!!!! #DoYourJob, Huge shout out to Boston Cheese Cellar! http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-artisan-cheese-shops/?cid=twitter_cbsboston, So this is our answer to survive a cold, blustery night in Boston! Sampling Italian reds tonight! Old world vs. new world!, Huge THANKS to WGBH's Craving Boston for showing us Rozzie love! Hope to see you back soon at Sophia's Grotto!
http://cravingboston.wgbh.org/article/20160108/classic-rozzie-keeping-new, Our own Dia De Los Reyes! Happy Three Kings Day! Italian reds for Winesday!, It's Monday Night Solera Night! Perfect night to try one of their delicious Italian reds! Buy a bottle of wine from Solera, come in for dinner tonight and no corkage fee!, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Thank you to everyone - our awesome customers and amazing staff for another wonderful year filled with snow storm grotto dinners, dining al fresco, and many celebrations! All the best in 2016!, Getting ready for Club Grotto! Happy New Year's!!! All the best in 2016!, Wishing everyone a wonderful and peaceful holiday! Buon Natale! Sophia's Grotto will be open today until 5:00 selling gift certificates!  Closed Christmas Eve and Christmas Day!, ...while visions of Nogatinis danced in their heads!, This is how to holiday shop! Come in for Winesday! Buy Sophia's Grotto Gift Certificates! Brilliant!, For families with children with special needs, the holidays can be an extremely difficult time.  That is why we are a Proud Supporter of the Urban Nutcracker! This Saturday December 19th at 11:00 a.m. is their Autism Friendly Show! Tickets available at www.urbannutcracker.com!, "O Sole Mio!!" Pop up Opera tonight during Roslindale Holiday Wander! Now this is #ROSlove !, Congratulations Solera Wine Shop on your 15th year Anniversary! This Thursday join Maria, Michael and Marjorie for their Shrine to Wine Gala Event fundraising for the Casserly House! Tickets in advance $25, at the door $30. Salut!, Grotto Girls making our tree Merry and Bright!, Great night celebrating our Grotto Guy Jim's birthday!  Grotto Girls ❤️❤️ Jim!, Holiday Wander! Tonight - shop local, show us your bags, come in for dinner and receive 20% off your dinner! These are our some of our favorite #5onMain! #shopsmall #ROSlove, Holiday Wander in Roslindale tomorrow night! JP Honk will be kicking off the night with a parade through the village! And don't forget our "Show us your bags"! Shop local and come in for dinner on any Holiday Wander night and receive 20% off your dinner bill! #5onMain #ROSlove #shopsmall, We can all breathe! 
https://www.facebook.com/bostonmagazine/posts/10153121342871333, Awesome seeing Roslindale's own Elizabeth Swanson from Birch St. House & Garden! Make everyday Small Business Saturday! #ShopSmall #ShopLocal #ROSlove #5onMain!, Get ready Roslindale! Show your local businesses #ROSlove #ShopLocal #ShopSmall !What are your favorite #5onMain ? We love Small Business Saturday!, Happy Thanksgiving! Thank you to all our wonderful customers! To our incredible staff ... We would not be who we are without each and every one of you! We love our Grotto Family!!

Closed today to be with family!, Thankful for our night before Thanksgiving Pumpkin Pie Martini!, "Freezing at the game tonight... If I was home I'd be keeping really warm with a steaming dish of Gnocchi Bolognese or Ziti Boscaiola!"
Why freeze tonight? Do take out from Sophia's Grotto! Go PATS!!, Great night at the Mayor's We Are Boston Anniversary Gala! Incredible performance by Vanessa Williams! #WeAreBoston, Our hearts are heavy, but we need to continue to celebrate France, celebrate life ... #jesuisparisien, Friday Night Cocktail Special! Harvest Sangria Martini! How do you like them apples!, At the 11th hour, on the 11th day of the 11th month ...the guns fell silent
Always remember, never forget..., Great night supporting Boston Center for Youth & Families HubNob event at the House of Blues! #IamBCYF, Roslindale Open Studios! Go out and meet some amazing Artists and check out their awesome art! Sophia's Grotto is a proud supporter of Roslindale Open Studios!, Always a fun night supporting Boston Centers for Youth & Families!, It's our favorite day! #Winesday! Cabernet Sauvignon! Full-bodied & dry New World styles!, Monday Nights are Solera Nights! Buy a  bottle of wine at Solera and enjoy it with dinner at Sophia's Grotto! No corkage fee! We love to shop local!, Dare if you will to join us at the Grotto for a Maleficent Time!, Don't forget!, Are you going to let a little rain get in the way of you and our delicious Pumpkin Ravioli?, How can you resist our Caramel Macchiato Martini?, Grotto Girl Christine's Cocktail! Jacked up Pumpkin! Pumpkin beer with a shot of vanilla vodka and a delicious caramel, cinnamon rim! We love October Cocktails!, Taste of Roslindale! Wonderful night celebrating Roslindale Village Main Streets and the incredible legacy of the late Mayor Tom Menino, Tonight's the night! Great event in Roslindale! Come sample delicious food with friends and neighbors! We'll be serving our delicious Farfalle al Pesto! See you tonight!, Book it to the Grotto! Great night with author extraordinaire Jen Beagin! So proud of our Grotto Girl! Thank you to everyone who came to the event!, Great day for the Roslindale Parade! #SundayFunday!, Book it to the Grotto! Monday October 5th from 6-8 your Grotto Girl Jen Beagin will be signing copies of her first novel "Pretend I'm Dead"! Mona (character in the book) Martinis will be served!, La Bella Luna! Beautiful Friday night dining al fresco with heaters and blankets keeping you warm and cozy! A bottle of red also helps!, null, Oh hello, our dear friend Pumpkin Martini! We missed you! Delicious as always..., Grotto Girl Jen Beagin celebrating Autumnal Equinox and the release of her first book - Pretend I'm Dead 
To be released October 5th! Book signing party at the Grotto that night!, Buon Compleanno Sophia!! Wish Happy Birthday Sophia to your Grotto Girl and receive a complimentary dessert today!, Getting comfy in the courtyard! New fabulous furniture at Boston Cheese Cellar!, Never forget..., It begins tonight... Go PATRIOTS!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS_9PcJ18Ns, Happy Labor Day! Hope you're enjoying the last beautiful days of summer! We're open tonight for dinner! Come down and savor summer dining al fresco!, A favorite new summer dish! Burrata from the Boston Cheese Cellar! Topped off with pesto and it's a perfect dish for these hot summer nights! We love shopping local!, Let's give a big shout out to Mother Nature for our beautiful summer! Perfect weather for dinner al fresco! Grazie Mille!!, Great day to celebrate 30th Anniversary of Roslindale Village Main Streets at the Farmer's Market! Congratulations!, #RozzieSelfie Contest! Ok all you #Selfie peeps this is an easy, fun contest! Wonder who will have the most creative #RozzieSelfie at Sophia's Grotto?, We're turning Limes and Basil into a Gimlet! Refreshing Friday Summer Cocktails!, Thank you Improper Bostonian for our new restaurant bling!, Minted Watermelon Cooler! Loving our summer cocktails al fresco!, Oh Joanne Rossman- Purveyor of the Unnecessary & the Irresistible! Don't you know it's Thirsty Thursday! That Rita Rose is one smart gal!, This morning it was flour! Wednesday night pasta special! Raviolis stuffed with shitake, manchengo, ricotta, and shallots!, Why cook? Liguria Pizza and Rose Wine! Dinner is served Grotto style!, Happy 4th of July! Wishing everyone a safe and happy holiday! Sophia's Grotto will be closed today!, Grazie Mille Improper Bostonian!! Boston's Best 2015!! http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/neighborhoods-roslindale-sophias-grotto/, Happy Father's Day from these two awesome Grotto Dads! May all you dads celebrate with a nice cold beer ... or two!, Father's Day Weekend! Awesome gifts for dad at Solera Wines, Boston Cheese Cellar, Joanne Rossman, Birch Street House & Garden! Shop Local! Shop Rozzie!, Oh hello Friday! Yes a glass or two of Sauvignon Blanc will do nicely!, Rainy weather? We've got you covered!, "To Market to Market..." Roslindale Farmer's Market kicks off it's 30th season!, How about a Watermelon Martini to celebrate Friday!!!, Last Friday night with our Grotto Girl Jenny Stone before she moves to Bend, Oregon. We'll always carry her in our hearts!!, Memorial Day Flags on Boston Common
Always remember, never forget, be very thankful.
Photo courtesy of Chris Lang, Great article about our new neighbor Adam! We love Boston Cheese Cellar!, Love our Altesino Wine? Great to meet the GM from this wonderful winery today!
Salute!, Why is our NY Sirloin so delicious? It's because of this guy! We love Tony's Market! Best Butcher!, "When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child." - Sophia Loren
Happy Mother's Day!, It's going to be a beautiful weekend! We'll see you on the patio!, Who doesn't like pie?? A great local business supporting the tragedy in Nepal., Warmer weather means these flowers will be blooming in our courtyard thanks to #BarefootGardenDesigns ! Can't wait for patio weather!, Congratulations to all the incredible Marathon Runners today! All of you are the reason why we are #BostonStrong, Cheering on the Marathon Runners with our Grape Basil Martini! #GrapeJobRunners #BostonStrong #26.2, We are so grateful to everyone who supported our Fundraiser for the West Roxbury YMCA Autism Program! We raised over $5500! What a great community we belong to! And thanks to our many generous vendors for their amazing raffles! Donations can still be made online till the end of April. http://support.ymcaboston.org/site/TR?pg=fund&fr_id=1091&pxfid=2660, We are #BostonStrong..., A few of our favorite Grotto Guys on opening day! #BostonStrong, Just a few of our amazing customers drinking Blue Spectrum Sangria and buying raffles for our awesome prizes! Thanks everyone! Last day to buy raffles! If you can't make it in and want to show your support please donate on line! http://support.ymcaboston.org/site/TR?pg=fund&fr_id=1091&pxfid=2660, We love our Roslindale businesses supporting our Blue Spectrum Sangria Fundraiser! Kim is filling this Rozzie raffle with lots of delicious baked goodies! Also it's filled with gift certificates and product from Centre Cuts, Birch Street House & Garden, Tony's Market and Delfino's! Local businesses working together! Thanks everyone! (Love the bag? Go see Elizabeth at Birch Street House & Garden) http://support.ymcaboston.org/site/TR?pg=fund&fr_id=1091&pxfid=2660, Cute Grotto Girls rocking Harpoon sweatshirts for our raffle with a Gift Certificate to Dogwood Cafe! Come down and check out our awesome raffles! All to benefit the YMCA West Roxbury Autism Program!, Blue Spectrum Fundraiser starts today! Dinner at Masona Grill? Who wants to see the Red Sox?Thanks Exotic Flowers for the tickets! Lots of awesome raffles!, We're drinking Blue!! Tuesday April 7th-Sunday April 12th we're drinking Blue Spectrum Sangria to support the YMCA West Roxbury Autism Program! Also awesome raffles - Red Sox tickets! Gift certificates to Bella Luna, Dogwood, Delfino's, Masona Grill and much, much more!, null, Happy Easter! Grotto Crew is out hunting Easter Eggs! We will be open at 4:00 for dinner!, Rob and Jerry! First patio customers of 2015! How tasty is that beer Rob?, Italian Reds for Winesday! A great way to party!, Our Friday night dinner special! Who wants a carafe of grapes? Happy Friday!, Thank goodness it's Winesday! Rhone reds to help get you through the week !, Best way to deal with Frostage (to be held hostage by cold weather), This is how we are doing al fresco dining now!, Thank you Busted Knuckle! To all our customers... thank you for supporting small businesses!, "Oh boy Oh boy... Oh Danny" 
Happy St.Patrick's Day!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCbuRA_D3KU, Woo Hoo!! 
Now how do we make it go away? #ReadyforSpring, Hey! Who wants cake? Guess who's 10th Anniversary is today! Thank you to all our awesome customers for your patronage  this past decade! Salut!!, Don't forget clocks forward tonight!, Cucumber Basil Mojito! Drink it and spring will come!, 40 degrees in Boston today! Hasn't been that warm since January 18th! Celebrate that tonight with Winesday and Dine Out Boston!, Loving this yelp review about our awesome Grotto Girls!
"Jenny Stone and Mackenzie are so cute; such is Sophia's Grotto. Cute wine, cute food and such cute cute dessert!" Thanks Justin!, Think Spring! Our Winesday Piemonte Reds are melting away the snow! Al Fresco dining anyone??, Monday night and you can play #BosBingo while you #DigOutDineOut! Our favorite square is "Have a drink with a friend", Happy Thursday! It's almost Friday! ...and we recommend more than just a glass!, Bundle up, come on down, we're open! Steaming bowls of pasta and bottles of red wine will be good for you!, Sorry Roslindale...we can't shovel ourselves open tonight! Closed tonight - stay safe and warm!, "It seems to me that love is everywhere. Often, it's not particularly dignified or newsworthy, but it's always there." - Love Actually
Happy Valentine's Day!, Support your local businesses for Valentine's Day! Fabulous gifts from Joanne Rossman, Birch House & Garden, spa certificates from Centre Cuts, wine from Solera, flowers from Dandelions! Go! #shoplocal #LoveOnMain !, Snow! What snow? Perfect champagne drinking weather!, Go for the Bloody Mary's and Mimosas! It's Sunday Funday!, Beautiful moon tonight! With all the stress of the snow, traffic, no school... take a minute to appreciate it! Thanks Chris Lang Photography!, BOSTON AWESOME!!!!!, SWEET!!!!!!! PATRIOTS!!!!!!!!
SUPERBOWL CHAMPS!!!!!!, Looks like it's a Martini Friday night! After this week...much deserved!, So parents, you just found out yet another day of no school...how many bottles will you have tonight??, Who's better than bartender extraordinaire Jenny Stone running the show tonight with snowstorm chef Joey!!, What 3 little words do you want to hear?? Bar is Open!! If you can snowshoe, ski, or dog sled down... Come on by!, "Do you wanna build a snowman? Come on let's go and play...at the Grotto", California Dreaming for Winesday! Fruit-forward, soft and easy reds - Pinot Noir, Red Zinfandel, and a delicious blend of Malbec, Merlot & Syrah! Perfect on such a winter's day!, SWEET!!!!!!!!! SUPERBOWL!!!!!!!, Our awesome Grotto Patriot Fans at Gillette Stadium!!! 
GO PATRIOTS!!!!!!!, Get ready for the GAME! 20% OFF Sophia's Grotto take-out orders today! Show up at the party with a big dish of our Ziti Boscaiola, Pesto Farfalle, Sardignia Pizza... #AFCChampionshipSpecial!, Patriots Fans - make this Stadium shake!  GO PATRIOTS!!!, 1st Grotto Girl Selfie!! #EpicFail #TGIF!!, We're ready for Sunday! #JustDoItAgain !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpKduqYmALw, #6 - Bring it on! We're always open! 
http://www.thrillist.com/entertainment/boston/17-things-only-bostonians-understand-about-winter?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social-media&utm_content=17%20Things%20Only%20Bostonians%20Understand%20About%20Winter&ref=twitter-869, Ciao Anita Ekberg...La Dolce Vita, It's going to be a great year!! If you like us on facebook, make sure to follow us on Twitter @SophiasGrotto and  Instagram - we love your foodie photos! 
https://twitter.com/SophiasGrotto
http://instagram.com/sophiasgrotto/, BOOM!!!!!! PATRIOTS!!!!!!, It's less than 1 hour to kick off...
21 Degrees at Gillette Stadium...
Are you ready....
GO PATRIOTS!!!!!, Who's ready for the weekend? TGIF!!, Keeping cozy warm tonight for Winesday! Taking you away with some old world Spanish Reds!, Re-entry a bit tough after the holidays? If you take the capsule, add a stem at the end and invert...you've got yourself a martini glass! #MartiniMonday! Extra dry today!, So your New Year's resolution was to eat more veggies? We're making it so easy for you! Drink your veggies! #KillerBloodyMary!, As Frankie Valli put it best ..."Oh What a Night!" Thanks to all who celebrated with  us last night and to all our awesome customers - All the Best in 2015!, Grotto Girls getting ready for tomorrow night! Going to be a very fun NYE2015!! Still some seats for early sitting! Call for resi's!, From our Grotto Family to your family...all the best for the Holidays!! We are open today selling gift certificates till 4:30 for your last minute gifts! Closed for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Cheers!!!, Last night's Luminaria was magical! Roslindale was glowing! Thanks to Grotto Girl Jenny Stone for capturing this shot!, The holidays are a time for all families to enjoy!  That is why we are proud to sponsor Urban Nutcracker.  This Saturday December 20th at 11:00 am. they are putting on an Autism Friendly Performance.  Tickets are available at www.backbayeventscenter.com, This is how you holiday shop! Hang with the lovely Grotto Girls tonight! Cabernets for Winesday and gift certificates for your holiday shopping!, Help Centre Cuts win the City-wide Deck the Windows contest. They're in 4th place, let's get them to first! Voting ends this Wednesday at 3:00 pm! 

Vote here and share with your Rozzie friends! http://www.cityofboston.gov/deckthewindows/finalists.asp, Is this really how you want to do your holiday shopping?? A Sophia's Grotto Gift Certificate is so much easier! And we'll throw in a little gift for you! Buy $100.00 in gift certificates and will give you a $20.00 gift certificate! Can't make it in? Call us at 617 323 4595 and we'll be happy to mail you one! Now go and enjoy some eggnog...with some rum of course!, Sophia's Grotto is a proud supporter of Urban Nutcracker! What an incredible, fun show!, Did you get a chance to be hear the Pop Up Opera in Roslindale during the Holiday Wander?  So awesome!  http://bcove.me/9rl8rurn, Thank you Boston Globe! Tonight is the Holiday Wander! Read what our little Trattoria will be doing tonight! "Oh Sole Mio!!" https://www.facebook.com/roslindalevillagemainstreet/posts/10152900110837929, Still need some decorating ideas?, Saturday Sips! We're falling into the winter! Jacked up Pumpkin Beer or Candy Cane Martini?, All Aboard!! You'll feel like a kid again at this great event! Start off with brunch with us and get your holiday shopping done in our awesome shops! #shoplocal #5onMain !, Holiday Wander in Roslindale starts tonight! Shop local, come in for dinner tonight, show us your bags and receive 20%! #5onMain, What a great day in Roslindale! Small Business Saturday, Tree Lighting and #5onMain! Keep it going! Support your awesome local businesses! (Anyone recognize the official tree lighter?) Thanks to ChrisLang Photography!, Happy Thanksgiving! Wishing everyone a safe and happy holiday! Sophia's Grotto will be closed today. We'll see you tomorrow!, This is how we do the night before Thanksgiving!!, This is why we love Roslindale! Thank you American Express!! Remember Small Business Saturday! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WC2213e1_w&feature=youtu.be, Kicking off the holidays! Bubbles on a Saturday night!!, Keeping cozy on a chilly Friday night!, We've got some wicked smaht customers!!, Great night catering for YMCA Hyde Park Annual Auction!, Stormy weather coming? We're thinking spring! Thanks Barefoot Garden Designs. Sleep well bulbs! You'll be blooming before we know it!, At the 11th hour, on the 11th day of the 11th month... the guns fell silent., Awesome night for Boston Centers for Youth and Families HubNob Event!, A Rosey Rose on this rainy night from our guest bartender Theresa O'Connell will surely brighten your evening!, "Be as good to each other as you have been to me." - Mayor Thomas Menino, null, Happy Halloween!! Beware of the Grotto Pageant Ghouls!!, With heavy hearts we say good-bye to our friend Mayor Menino. His love and dedication to the city was felt everywhere in Boston - from crowning the Marathon Winners in Copley, to ribbon cutting ceremonies for Main Streets, to sampling our feast at the Taste of Roslindale. We will miss you. Our thoughts are with your family., Thank goodness it's Winesday!, "I only drink champagne on 2 occasions: when I am in love and when I am not" - Coco Chanel
Happy International Champagne Day!, One week tonight! We're going to have the most sincere looking pumpkin patch! (Linus would be proud)  Will your pumpkin be the best carved pumpkin?, Cold, rainy, blustery night? Perfect for the return of Winesday! Spanish Reds will go great with our Open Face Ravioli!, null, If it's Monday night that means it's Solera Night! Buy a bottle of wine at Solera, join us for dinner tonight and no corkage fee!, We're brewing up a batch of White Chocolate Pumpkin Martinis tonight!, This beautiful weather has helped harvest our bountiful crop of Merlot, Cabernet, and Chianti! Perfect night for the patio to try our harvest!, We are licensed to be your "Biological Anxiety Relief" center!, It begins tonight! Go BRUINS!, It's a Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood for the Roslindale Parade!, Thanks Boston's Hidden Restaurants! A bottle of red, steaming bowl of pasta, and a wood-oven will help those chilly New England nights! http://www.hiddenboston.com/foodphotos/twelve-more-romantic-5.html, On your mark!! Great race day in Roslindale for the Emerald Society's Cops for Kids with Cancer. Thanks to Kevin Gallagher for the photos!, Want to meet a cool, local Artist tonight? Stop by Birch St. House & Garden and meet Christoph! He loves hanging al fresco with us under a twisted tree of course!https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154590725510024&id=476434555023, Happy Fall! 72 degrees in Boston means perfect patio dining tonight!, It's time to carbo load for Boston's Toughest 5K! Cops for Kids with Cancer road race is this Sunday in Roslindale! Great cause and fun, fun, fun event!
http://www.emeraldsociety5k.org/Emerald_Society_5K/Bostons_Toughest_5K___HOME.html, Come in and celebrate Sophia Loren's 80th Birthday with our delicious cake from Fornax Bread Company!, Buon Compleanno Sophia Loren!! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/20/sophia-loren_n_5842876.html, Celebrating a Sophia Loren Birthday Weekend!! 80 and Fabulous!! Salut!!, "We shall never forget
We shall keep this day,
We shall keep the events and the tears
In our minds, our memory and our hearts 
And take them with us as we carry on.", "Sophia take me away! Take me over my HumpDay!", Happy Labor Day!! Go and enjoy! We're open tonight for dinner so if you're just getting back from the Cape, no food at home or you know a carafe of sangria is calling your name... we'll see you tonight!, Grazie Serious Eats for liking our little dolce vita!
For a Mini European Vacation: Sophia's Grotto

http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/08/boston-best-outdoor-dining-restaurants-with-patios-cambridge-dorchester-roslindale-massachusetts.html, WE WON!!  Huge thank-you to all our awesome customers who voted for us!! Grazie mille!!, Rain, rain go away! A rainy Wednesday calls for our 1/2 bottle of Rioja! Just one of the amazing cures of red wine!, Calling all Parents! Check out this cool contest for your kiddos!, Dear Mother Nature, Thank-you, thank-you, thank-you!! Perfect Al Fresco dining weather this summer! Speaking of Al Fresco Dining, last 2 days to vote!!! Huge thanks to everyone for voting! Grazie! http://boston.cityvoter.com/sophia-s-grotto/biz/31142, ...because it's Monday!! Fancy umbrella in our delish Rum Cocktail!, Last Week to Vote!!! We are currently in 2nd place! Please vote for us for Best Al Fresco! Maybe our little Trattoria could beat out the big guys on the Seaport!!  http://boston.cityvoter.com/sophia-s-grotto/biz/31142, ...because it's Monday! It's a Beaujolais kind of night! You just need to decide if Kerry is pouring you a glass or bottle!, Need to keep cool tonight? How about our Watermelon Basil Margarita! So refreshing!!, Congrats FORNAX BREAD CO.!! Improper Bostonian Best Bread!!!
Proud to serve your delicious boules!!, "Where liberty dwells, there is my country" - Benjamin Franklin 
Happy 4th of July!
Sophia's Grotto will be closed today! We'll see you tomorrow!, Love Lobstah? Try our new Lobster and Orzo tasty dish! A glass (or bottle) of Pinot Grigio and you my friend are beating the heat!, USA!!! Are you ready to cheer!! Game is on at 4 and we are open!!!!, BRING IT ON!! Come cheer the USA with your Grotto Crew! We're opening today for the game!! USA!!, Looking for a little Grotto love! We are nominated for Boston A-List for Best Al Fresco Dining! How cool if our little trattoria could beat out Newbury St. and the Seaport District! Please vote! Grazie!! http://boston.cityvoter.com/sophia-s-grotto/biz/31142, It's Sunday Funday! Doris is kicking up her heels celebrating summer, drinking our new delicious cocktail - Sorrentino! Ice tea vodka, Citron and lemonade! Enjoying al fresco of course!, "Having children is like living in a frat house - nobody sleeps, everything's broken, and there's a lot of throwing up."             
- Ray Romano
Happy Father's Day!, Thanks Zagat Boston!!
http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/the-best-outdoor-dining-in-12-boston-neighborhoods?utm_campaign=-&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=boston&utm_term=, Thanks Boston's Hidden Restaurants!! Father's Day is looking pretty good to celebrate al fresco!, Our Wednesday night Grotto Special! Baked flounder stuffed with shrimp and scallops! Top it off with a bottle of Rose! Happy Humpday!, Well that was a beautiful night! Let's have another one today for Sunday Funday! Go and enjoy!, We love Birch St. House & Garden! Awesome shop in the heart of Rozzie! Let's show some fb likes for Elizabeth!!, Your toughest Tuesday decision...
Chambord or Silver Margarita?, Looking for someplace to discover this weekend? Thanks Boston Magazine!, "It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died.  Rather we should thank God that such men lived." -George S. Patton, It's Sunday Funday!
Mimosas, Mojitos, Martinis oh my!!, We always have wine!! Cases and cases!, Hope all Moms had a wonderful day because tomorrow you're back to this..., "When you are a Mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A Mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child." Sophia Loren 
Happy Mother's Day!, Looking for a Mother's Day gift? Lots of awesome boutiques in Roslindale! Stop by Solera Wines, Joanne Rossman's, Boston Cheese Cellar, Dandelions, Birch Street House & Garden, Kitchen Central and more!, WHY WE ARE A BRUINS GROTTO!

I sit and ponder on the eve of the 34th meeting of the 85 year-old battle that continues tomorrow.

My first memories started at the 42nd year of the battle.

I remember a cigar-smoke filled Boston Garden, sitting in my father's second row balcony season ticket seats, trying to get a glimpse of my hero Bobby Orr. Not understanding much that was going on, but recalling the excitement in my father's face, it was intoxicating. 
Later, that year, on April 18th, 1971, my father and grandfather, in utter disappointment, were consoling each other over the phone about how a rookie Montreal Canadian goaltender named Ken Dryden had stolen the chance for Bobby Orr and the Big, Bad, Bruins to gain another shot at the Stanley Cup, I was 5 years old.

May 10, 1979. Year 50. As customary during spring-time play-off series, my father brought the TV out onto our porch promising that if the Bruins beat Montreal in this seventh-game battle we could have school off the next day (yes, he was a teacher). After an ill-timed too-many-men on the ice penalty, I felt a dagger rip thru my heart as Guy Lafleur flew down the wing and scored the tying goal in the waining seconds of the game. Ultimately we lost in overtime. I was 13.

April 26th, 1988. Year 59. Finally, for the first time, I had the privilege to watch the Bruins conquer Montreal in a playoff series. In Montreal, no less. The first win in 44 years. I was one of the 2,000 people that greeted Ray Bourque, Cam Neely and the rest of the Bruins at Logan airport when they arrived at 1:00 a.m. Harry Sinden stated later, 
"It was just like winning the Stanley Cup". I agreed. I was 22.

April 27, 2011. Year 82. Among my friends at Sophia's Grotto, the Bruins win a seven-game series against Montreal in overtime. They go on to win their first Stanley Cup in 39 years. As they say 
"The road to the Stanley Cup goes thru the Montreal Forum". I was 45.

As we prepare for another match-up with our familiar adversaries north of the border, 
let it be known that this is no ordinary series.

THIS IS WAR!!!!
LET'S GO BRUINS!!

Joe, Bloody Marys, Brunch and Bruins!! This is how we spend a rainy Saturday! #LetsGoBruins!, Best of luck to all the runners today! To quote a famous Red Sox player - " This is our %!#& city!" We are #BostonStrong!, Buona Pasqua!! Grotto Crew is out hunting eggs filled with pasta this morning!  We will be open for dinner at 5:00 today.  Come down and carbo load for the Marathon!, Flowers are planted, tables are out, sun is shining, we're ready for Al Fresco dining! Are you?, Huge thanks to everyone who supported our Blue Spectrum Fundraiser to support the YMCA West Roxbury Autism Program Fundraiser!, Our Saturday night special!
Olives, prosciutto and a Marriage Proposal!!
Congrats Cindy and Clark!!!!, Grotto Crew wearing their Blue!, "Why? Why should the bond between a people & their baseball team be so intense? Fenway Park is a part of it, offering a physical continuum to the bond, not only because Papi can stand in the same batter's box as Teddy Ballgame, but also because a son might sit in the same wooden-slat seat as his father." - Tom Verducci
Photo courtesy of Chris Lang, Anyone interested in Red Sox tickets? Case of beer a month for a year? Gift certificates to Delfino's, Bella Luna, and Dogwood? Or maybe a case of wine? Awesome raffle prizes to benefit the YMCA West Roxbury Autism Program! Drawing this Sunday night!, We're Lighting It Up Blue in Rozzie for Autism Awareness! #LIUB, It's time for Blue Spectrum Martinis!! From now till Sunday April 6th, join the Grotto Crew in raising money for the YMCA West Roxbury Autism Program! Awesome raffles - Red Sox tickets, Beer for a year, a special Roslindale basket and much, much more!!, "Take me out to the ball game...!!", If March is going out like a "Lamb" what are "April Showers" going to be like!  Good night for our $19.95 Pasta Sunday!, Today our hearts are heavy and our thoughts are with the families of Lt. Edward Walsh and FF Michael Kennedy.  Here is a link to help the families. We will always be #BostonStrong  http://www.masslive.com/news/boston/index.ssf/2014/03/if_you_want_to_help_the_famili.html#incart_river_defa, Thoughts and prayers to all families..., It's the final week of Dine Out Boston! Have you tried our scallops with pancetta, Swiss chard, and celery root purée? Perfect with a glass of Triton! #DineOutBoston, It's here! Dine Out Boston! Choose 2 courses for $28 from our special Dine Out Boston menu! Only until March 28th! Now, what to choose? The Tournedos or the Sachetti filled with prosciutto and provolone? So many delicious choices!, Awesome!!!, Happy St.Patrick's Day!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=RDOCbuRA_D3KU&v=OCbuRA_D3KU, LOVE these fabulous tea towels from Birch Street House & Garden! Thank goodness it's always wine o'clock at Sophia's Grotto!, Very important to remember...!, Can you feel it? Daylight savings! Set your clocks forward!, In the Rozzie Hood tonight? Joe needs your help! He's sampling Cabernets for our wine list! We know, we're being pretty demanding asking you to taste wine!, ...and the Academy Award for Best Actress goes to Sophia Loren for "Two Women"!, Dear Mother Nature, we need your help!  We have absolutely no idea what this foreign footwear is. Urban legend has it that they are worn on beautiful warm days, drinking carafes of sangria and enjoying our delicious antipasto on our delightful patio! Sincerely, a very tired and cold New England!, Another day, another wine tasting! At Sophia's Grotto we're working hard to bring you the tasty bubbles! Salute!!, Who's up and ready for some hockey? Joe is open and ready for a Miracle! Come on down! USA VS RUSSIA!! Go TEAM USA!!!, "All you need is love.  But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz, Oh snow gods, our Winesday offering of Piedmont reds! Please be kind to our morning and evening commutes and please, please may children have school!!, Come down for our Olympic Ceremony Cocktail! #GoTeamUsa!!, Strap your skis, snowshoes, or hey why not dogsled down here! Shoveling is done and we are open!, Happy Super Bowl! Game's on, come on down!
http://mashable.com/2014/01/31/peanuts-metlife-super-bowl/, Don't be angry Phil! We're heading to Sophia's Grotto! A Bloody Mary with Brunch will get us through this winter!!, Can't make it for Winesday? We wish we could send you the Winebulance! It would be full of tonight's new and old world style Cabernets!, Monday nights are Solera nights! Pop in to Solera Wines on Monday, come in for dinner and we'll open your bottle of wine with no corkage fee! Salud!!, "A snow day, we're stuck at home with no wine, no big deal" said no Parent EVER!! We are here for your emergency needs! Thank goodness it's Winesday!, "The taker eats better, but the giver sleeps better." - Tony DeBenedictis
Congratulations Tony!! Proud to serve your delicious sausages and steaks!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2014/01/21/tony-market-celebrates-years/FFtneHkvALGY7PZY8Y2i5M/story.html, Need we say more!! GO PATS!!!, Great article showing Rozzie love! Joe is serving up our delicious Eggs Benedict for Brunch!
https://www.airbnb.com/locations/boston/roslindale, In honor of Winesday and because we care about you should you find yourself in this emergency situation!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EZZVIyVeQI, SWEET SCORE!! Celebrate with a Mimosa (or two- it was a late game) and a Sweet Sophia for brunch!, "I SAID THERE'S A BIG GAME TONIGHT! DINNER AT SOPHIA'S GROTTO WILL GET YOU READY TO MAKE SOME NOISE!!", What do you get with Yukon Jack Wicked Hot? A tasty Friday night cocktail!, Oh Winesday! Tuscan Reds are calling us during this polar vortex!, You survived the holidays, snowstorms, freezing temps and kids being home extra days! Steve is pouring your wine tonight for your Pasta Sunday!, Come join the Grotto Girls tonight! Looks like they're keeping toasty with delicious coffee drinks! Smart girls!, Join us for dinner tonight! We have a little grotto hangover! Might be some tiaras and streamers and champagne glasses tucked in a corner!, ...more party pics!, Happy New Year!!! All the best for a wonderful 2014! Thanks to everyone for ringing it in Grotto style!!!, "Maybe Christmas, he thought...doesn't come from a store. Maybe Christmas, perhaps...means a little bit more!" 
All the best to you and your families from your Sophia's Grotto family!
We will be closed for dinner Christmas Eve and Christmas Day., Winter Solstice
"Your path is illuminated by the light, yet darkness lets the stars shine bright" J.L.W.Brooks
Photo by Chris Lang, THANK-YOU ZAGAT!!! Our Farfalle al Pesto is one of their "10 Best Things We Ate This Year" 
http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/the-best-things-we-ate-in-boston-this-year?utm_campaign=-&utm_medium=social&utm_s, Holiday Wander tonight!! Show us your bags! Shop local, have dinner and receive 20% off your dinner tonight!, Look what Santa left under our tree for Winesday! Spanish Reds! Feliz Navidad!!, Do you really want to be doing this? Stay home in front of the fire, give us a call, and we'll happily send you Sophia's Grotto gift certificates! You can even have a glass of wine while you shop! It is snowing out... better have the whole bottle!, This is how we holiday shop! Bloody Marys and Gift Cards! Buy $100 in Gift Cards and receive a $20 Gift Card for yourself!, Lots of Merry & Bright in Roslindale last night for the Holiday Wander!!, It's the Holiday Wander! Stroll through Roslindale tonight listening to Making Music Matter singing at the clock tower at 6! Show us your Roslindale shopping bags and receive 20% off your dinner tonight! Fa la la la la!!, "Walking in a Winter Wonderland" for some red wine!!, "Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree,
Much pleasure do you bring me!", Hello Nogatini our dear friend! We're so glad you're back!!, Holiday Wander Cocktail! Sparkling Poinsettia!! Come on and get fancy!, It's the Holiday Wander! Shop local in one of the many wonderful shops in Roslindale, come in and dine with us, show us your bags and receive 20% off your dinner bill tonight!, Oh Mondays... we've got cases of wine and beer if that helps!, What day is it? It's Small Business Saturday! #ShopSmall in Roslindale!, Small Business Saturday!! Go, shop local, support local.  It's because of all the wonderful small businesses that make Roslindale your wonderful home!, Happy Thanksgiving from your Sophia's Grotto family! Mangia! Mangia!
Closed today but we will see you tomorrow!, Done making your traditional pumpkin pie? It's time for your traditional martini or is it martinis at Sophia's Grotto! The gangs all here! Come on down!, Holiday Fun Fact! Did you know that Thanksgivukkah was created by Roslindale's own Dana Reichman Gitell! Congrats Dana!, Need a real Turkey? Tony's Market will take care of you! Turkeys at 20% off!  Natural, fresh turkeys still available at Tony’s Market Roslindale! Go in and congratulate Tony on 50 years in business!  617 323 7313, Think you can bake a pie? It's a Pie Contest at Kitchen Central in Rozzie judged by Personal Chef Lester Esser! 617 323-0270 to enter!, "oh my dear! Isn't it romantic! What could be better than this!"
"... well, it is Winesday at Sophia's Grotto...", La Bella Luna! Thanks to Grotto Girl Jenny Stone for this cool pic!, Moon over Sophia's Grotto last night! Thanks to Grotto Guy Kevin Gallagher for the shot!, Feeling a little chill in the air? Our delicious Cabernets will warm you up! Thank goodness for Winesday!, Happy 50th Anniversary Tony's Market!! Proud to serve your delicious steaks and sausages!, At the 11th hour, on the 11th day of the 11th month...the guns fell silent. Always remember, never forget., Sweet Sophia! So glad it's Sunday brunch!, Thank goodness it's Winesday! We can take care of the cork!, It's Roslindale Open Studios this weekend! Start off with a Bloody for Brunch and check out all the awesome Artists! Here's a sneak peek at some of the must sees!, Happy Halloween! Come join the Grotto Ghouls!, RED SOX WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS!!! GET OUT THE DUCK BOATS!!!!, Less than an hour till game time.  Do you have on your lucky socks, your favorite Red Sox cap, you're sitting on your lucky barstool? Ok, then boys.. let's play ball!!! GO RED SOX!!!, Need some ideas for our pumpkin carving contest?  Oh Great Pumpkin! This is pretty awesome! Don't forget to enter your cool carving till Thursday! Come by and vote after you trick or treat! Go RED SOX!!, Good morning Boston!! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!!, So, you think you can carve a pumpkin! Bring your carved pumpkin to Sophia's Grotto by Thursday to enter our Pumpkin Carving Contest! Come check out the Grotto Ghouls and vote for your favorite pumpkin on Halloween night! Prizes for the crowd favorites!, Ok...so last night didn't go the way Boston fans wanted. So come in, comfort yourself with a Bloody Mary at brunch or load up on our Pasta Sunday for tonight! But remember...we are Boston Strong!!!, We're serving Grand-slam-tinis tonight!!! Go #RedSox!!!, Let's do this!!! Go Red Sox!!, "Somewhere over the Grotto Rainbow... the Red Sox win the World Series"! Awesome sky tonight!, RED SOX!!! Need to carbo load for some World Series cheering? We've got you covered! Pasta Sunday... come on down!, From WORST to FIRST!!! Go RED SOX!! New menu item! 
Koji Cocktail!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAdTEoZHOkc, Awesome Taste of Roslindale!, What deliciousness will you be trying tonight? Over 20 of your favorite restaurants!  Fun event for a great neighborhood! See you there!, "That's quits for me Marge! Celebrating my favorite day with Nebbiolo Winesday and Red Sox game at Sophia's Grotto.", Look who's showing New England Pride! It's a great Columbus Day for Boston! Sophia's Grotto is open at 5! Eat, drink and celebrate!, New menu items! Brady cocktail, Pappi Pizza and Saltalamacchia over linguini!! Go Boston!!, It's back! Pasta Sunday! Wine, salad, pasta for $19.95! Mangia!, Anyone like a Harvest Martini to start a long weekend?  Columbus would want you to celebrate!, It's the Roslindale Parade!! Sunday Funday starts with brunch, a parade and a football game! It's good to be a sports fan in Boston!!, GO SOX!!!, We're loving our most sincere Grotto pumpkin patch! Linus would be proud!, ... and here's your Sunday morning chilling music!, Love the Ahts? Support Roslindale Open Studios! Awesome FREE annual event in Rozzie!, "Sing us a song you're the piano man!"
What song will you be playing?, You know your name is on this Bloody Mary! Patriots, Red Sox, Brunch = #SundayFunday!, Buon Compleanno Bella Sophia! "A woman's dress should be like a barbed-wire fence: serving its purpose without obstructing the view" - Sophia Loren  
Birthday shout outs to Grotto fans Matt O'Malley and Paula Maloney!!, How about a little Apple Whiskey Collins to go with your Third Thursday! #EatShopPlayRozzie!, Awesome race day! Emerald Society Cops for Kids with Cancer Race!, null, Rozzie Road Race this Sunday! Great race, wonderful cause and lots of fun! If you need to carbo load, we'll see you at Sophia's Grotto! http://www.emeraldsociety5k.org/EmeraldSociety5k/THE_BOSTON_POLICE_EMERALD_SOCIETY_5K_ROAD_RACE, "...the choices we make reveal the true nature of our character." The best beer commercial ever! We're proud to serve Guinness!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwndLOKQTDs, Just how fabulous is the Divine Joanne Rossman? She now has her very own American Express commercial! "Like" if you  think her and Rita Rose need their own Hollywood Star in Rozzie!, "It's the most wonderful time of the year!!" Celebrate! Kids are back in school and it's still summer at Sophia's Grotto!, Happy Labor Day! Hope your summer was filled with long beach days, double scoops of ice-cream and al fresco dinners at Sophia's Grotto! Open tonight for those who want to keep their vacation going!, Why are our Grotto Girls awesome? They have amazing Grotto Moms! #AwesomeLadies, It's Third Thursdays! Serving up delicious Starburst Coolers tonight! #EatShopPlayRozzie!, Team O'Connell is in the house! Which one will serve you tonight?, Fernando says "You look Marvelous drinking cocktails al fresco at Sophia's Grotto!", Thanks Zagat's! Sophia's Grotto is in their Hidden Gardens in Boston!
http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/secret-eats-10-hidden-gardens-in-boston?utm_campaign=-&utm_m, Happy Friday! If you're at work start the weekend early! Pick up your banana and join in a little "Blurred Lines"!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOZjaqHioro, Best of Boston!! Thank-you Boston Magazine!! Huge thanks to our wonderful customers! To our amazing staff - we couldn't do it without you!, Hey Mother Nature! Thanks for a beautiful night! Keep them coming! #LaDolceVita, It's a Beaujolais kind of night! #summerwine, Only 4 days left to vote! Big election in Boston this year! Vote for Tony's Market, Roslindale Farmers Market, Joanne Rossman, Pet Cabaret, Birch St. House & Garden! Go! Rock the Vote!!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/sophia-s-grotto/biz/31142, Not that long ago we were dealing with this!, Looking for Brunch this weekend?  Loving our review from Boston Food and Whine!
http://www.bostonfoodandwhine.com/2013/07/17/speaking-of-al-fresco-brunch-sophias-grotto-in-roslindale-rocks, Eat, Shop, Play, Rozzie tonight! Show how you love Rozzie at a photo booth by Proof at Birch Street House & Garden!  Spread the love!, Yup! This pretty much says it all!, Thanks Delicious Dishings for a great review!! Did she try one of your favorite dishes?
http://megan-deliciousdishings.blogspot.com/2013/07/dinner-at-sophias-grotto-roslindale-mass.html?spref=tw, Saturday night grotto crew getting ready for their shift! We believe in wine education!, Happy National Mojito Day! Not that you need an excuse to drink this! Go and celebrate!, If you "Like" us on Facebook... "Follow" us on Twitter! Tweet! Tweet! @SophiasGrotto, This is for all you Rose lovers to keep you cool!  A glass of "Chat-en-Oeuf"! Gotta love the label!, Hot outside? Hotter in our bar!, "America is a tune. It must be sung together" - Gerald Stanley Lee.
Happy 4th of July! Sophia's Grotto is closed today. See you tomorrow! Have a safe and happy holiday!, Start the 4th off right! Swing by tonight for a tasty drink with our fab Grotto Girls!!, Hot enough? How about this delicious, cool, refreshing Moscow Mule to make you all better!, Not exactly the ending we hoped for but thanks Boston Bruins for an exciting season! Proud to wear Black and Gold! Proud to be Boston fans!, Thank-you Roslindale Village Main Streets for the Award! A great event at the Boston Main Streets Awards Ceremony! Loved the red carpet!, La Bella Luna! Cool Super Moon pic shot by Rozzi's own Chris Lang!, The sky exploded over Sophia's Grotto last night! Kicking off summer at last!, Sweet Summer Solstice! Planning on dining Al Fresco? Please vote for our little family trattoria! Grazie!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/sophia-s-grotto/biz/31142, "Those who want respect, give respect" - Tony Soprano, "Orring" with the boys tonight!, "I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should be listening." - Don Vito Corleone, Bring Dad to Sophia's Grotto! We've got lots of beer! Happy Father's Day!, Sunshine in the sky, sunshine on the bar!, Because it's the Cup! Go Bruins!, Enjoying our just tapped Smuttynose Lemon Hefeweizen! That's a mouthful! Just ask for the Smutty...we know what you want!, Tim Tebow! Ok Pats fans, what do you think? Jimmy Fallon might be writing a new tune for this! Perfect beer drinking discussion on this rainy night! See ya soon!, Busy Bruin! After that sweep he's heading to the Roslindale Farmer's Market and Sophia's Grotto for brunch! Think he's having eggs a la penguin!, Boston Proud!! Go BRUINS!!, Need something to do on this rainy day? Vote for Boston A-List! How cool if our little family trattoria in Rozzie could make it to the top! Last year we came in second for the BEST Al Fresco Dining! Rainy today but sunny tomorrow!, Give us your best shot! Go Bruins!, We're loving that our college grotto girls are back!! Come join them for brunch!, Grotto special tonight! Fresh penguin meat!, "To Market, to Market to..."  
, Grotto Girls keeping it cool with a Grotto Italian Ice!, "It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived." - George S. Patton, Joe's "Bruin" up drinks tonight! Get your game face down here!, Ok, it's raining, it's sunny, it's muggy, it's humid, it's cool... Sounds like we could all use a refreshing  grotto cocktail tonight!, Puck drops in 30 minutes! We've got beer and Bruins! Why aren't you here?, Serving our speciality cocktail tonight - Italian ice! A refreshing taste of citron and prosecco! Delish!, What are your favorite places in Rozzie? Thanks JP Gazette for the shout-out!, The shrine is on the bar! Go Bruins! @NHLBruins #BostonStrong!, The sun is coming out!  Mom would want her mimosa on the patio!, "When you are a Mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A Mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child." - Sophia Loren
Happy Mother's Day!!, Here's your smile for the day! You never know when singing at the gas pump will lead to Jay Leno! This couple is awesome! , Serving only one kind of fan at the grotto tonight!!, It's springtime in Boston! Maybe these 2 lovebirds (no pun intended) will be sipping sangria soon on our lovely patio!, Happy Cinco de Mayo! Looking for fiesta decorations? Tres leches cake? Chiles Poblanos? Head over to El Chavo in Rozzie! Great owners, great place! Celebrate the day!
http://www.elchavomx.com/index.html, We're getting our Derby on! Slinging Mint Julep's!, BRUINS!! This is how we do it! @NHLBruins #BOSvsTOR, "If I win, you buy me a glass of Rose at Sophia's Grotto, if I lose...never mind, I always win!", Ok, how absolutely beautiful is it in Boston today! Go and enjoy! Start it off right with our delicious Bloody Mary and Eggs Benedict! We think it's kind of a perfect patio brunch day!, "perseverance and unity" 
Great cover! Thank-you Boston Magazine!, 68 degrees, blue sky and sunshine. The question remains: what will you have to drink on the patio tonight?, A little humor on a wet day!, Boston Strong... please, one minute to honor and remember. , Great way to start training for the Boston Marathon 2014! Boston Strong!!, "Well I love that dirty water, Oh Boston you're my home"
Law enforcements, first responders, doctors, nurses... words cannot express the gratitude!!, If you need to go "where everybody knows your name"... we are here., Stay safe Boston, stay safe!, #WeLoveBoston! Please show your support for Monday's victims! So many great Boston restaurants participating! Manga!!, Dine for Donations tonight! Sophia's Grotto and many, many other Boston restaurants are raising money. Dine with us tonight and 25% of proceeds go directly to the Boston Marathon victims and their families. Please show your support. Thank you!!, Prayers to all...such a sad day in our wonderful Boston...sending hugs to all...

"So let each dweller on the Bay
Fold Boston in his heart,
Till these echoes be choked with snows,
Or over the town blue ocean flows." 
- from 
"Boston," by Ralph Waldo Emerson, Doing a little run tomorrow? Come carbo load with us!, Starting April vacation week the Grotto Girl way!  Spring flower mojito! Get your spring fling on!, We are so thankful to everyone who supported our 3rd annual fundraiser to support the YMCA West Roxbury Autism Program! It was a huge success!!, Grotto Girls wearing the blue, drinking the blue! Come on down!, A good grotto crew enjoying their blue!, Anyone interested in winning a magnum of Rioja Reserva wine? A night at the Colonnade Hotel? A firepit? Awesome raffles until Sunday!, Lighting it up Blue!, Blue Spectrum Martinis at Sophia's Grotto tonight till Sunday! Proceeds go directly to YMCA West Roxbury's Autism Program!, Grotto crew will be out hunting Easter eggs tomorrow morning! We will be open for dinner on Sunday at 4:00!, "All you do is start in Roslindale..." 
Thank-you Mayor Menino!, Winesday - Pinot Noirs
Bruins - Montreal
Restaurant Week - Delicious
Need we say more? Sophia's Grotto tonight!

Tweet, tweet! Follow us on Twitter!, And to think last year during Restaurant Week we were dining on the patio!, We'll be raising our glasses tonight to toast a Happy 65th Birthday to the one and only #4!  And yes, Joe was a little awestruck when he met him!, It's Restaurant Week at Sophia's Grotto! (Actually it's 2 weeks!)  Come out before ...yes, hate to say it... before you have to shovel!
http://www.restaurantweekboston.com/, Elizabeth at Birch St. House & Garden knows to start her St. Patrick's Day with an Irish Coffee! Need last minute Leprechaun gifts? She's open from 12-5!, Happy St.Patrick's Day! From Sprinkles O'Knuckles!, Serving up our Grotto Shamrock Shakes and Irish Car Bombs! Starting off St.Patrick's Day weekend the  Grotto Irish way!, It's our 8th year anniversary!! We think a champagne and sparkling wine tasting is perfect for Winesday! 
Cheers to all for being a part of our grotto family! A la famiglia!!, Table for 6? Yah, we got that!, Winesday Wine Wars!! Whose bottle of wine will you prefer? Will it be Christine's, Steve's, or Joe's? Hmmm... who will be the winner?, Joe believes in starting off the week right! Tough job... someone needs to do it!, Bay State Model Railroad Musuem Open House! Really cool and fun! Check it out today and tomorrow from 11-4! , Come down tonight to wish our fabulous Grotto Girls a Happy Birthday!, Grotto Girl Jenny Stone is heading to Guatemala to volunteer at the Lake Atitlan Villages, www.centromayanproject.org. She is looking to bring any new or gently used children's clothing. Please drop off any donations at Sophia's Grotto this week. Thanks!, Brunch with these two great Grotto Guys! Sounds like a perfect way to start a long weekend! Bloody Mary or Mimosa? Or maybe both!, The fabulous Grotto Girls wishing everyone a Happy Valentine's Day!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UuVlfwAMDw
Happy Valentine's Day!! Classic scene from a great movie!
Here's wishing that your life is not going down the toilet!, Grotto shout outs!! We hope everyone survived Nemo! Sophia's Grotto was open thanks to our amazing staff who braved the blizzard! You guys are awesome! Raise a glass to Christine, Jen, Carolyn, Steve O, Leo, and Steve!!, ...and it's official! We are open! Joe shoveled out the Grotto! Of course he needed a reward!, This is how you survive a blizzard!! Thanks to all who came down! We will be working hard to shovel our way open! Keep you posted on our hours today!, Essential Grotto Snowstorm Crew cooking only essential Grotto menu items! If you can sled, ski, or snowshoe down here! We're open!, We're stocked for the snowstorm! Should be open around 4!, Sophia's Grotto will be at the House of Blues tonight for Camp HubNob! Great event for the Boston Centers for Youth and Families! Who's that smiling guy on the poster?, New world wines and old rivalries! It's Winesday and it's Bruins Montreal!, Aren't you glad this isn't your commute today! 35th Anniversary! But what will happen this Friday? Any predictions?, Don't let the cold temps keep you from the grotto tonight! Join Joe and his 2 favorite things! Winesday and the Bruins!!, Go Patriots!!, Don't let a little bad weather keep you from Winesday! Italian reds tonight! Remember, the weather could be worse... a lot worse!!, Patriots!!!! One hour till kick off! Big screen tv? Check. Cold beverages? Check. Take out from Sophia's Grotto? Perfect!, Take the Winesday challenge!  Think you know a French Cabernet from a California Cabernet?, Barry says "Kick off the New Year with a Guiness. It'll keep you warm and toasty!", New Year's Eve 2013!!, We love a snowy Grotto night! Cabernet and paella will keep you warm and toasty!, Holiday Wander tonight! Make sure to stop by El Chavo on Washington Street from 6-8 for their Traditional Posada Navidena! Shop local, show us your bags from the awesome boutiques and receive 20% off your dinner tonight! Go and Wander!!, Grotto Elf on the Shelf enjoying Winesday! Nebbiolo tonight!, Looking for great Christmas Cards? Head over to any of the fabulous little shops in Rozzi!! Don't end up in our Christmas cards gone bad post!  Can you say wrong on so many levels!, A big Happy Birthday to our Grotto Elf on the Shelf!, Our Grotto Elf on the Shelf is enjoying a delicious Nogatini!! Naughty little Elf!!, null, Lots of sparkling windows in Roslindale tonight! Vote for your favorite window!, Tonight! Stroll through the Village for the Holiday Wander! Come in for dinner,show us your fabulous shopping bags and receive 20% off your bill! , "If God forbade drinking, would He have made wine so good?" ~ Cardinal Richeleu. Italian reds tonight! Aren't you glad it's Winesday!, Busy, busy day today in Roslindale! Shop local! Support your small businesses!  Tree lighting in Adams Park from 3-5! All this running around... you might need to treat yourself to a glass of wine at Sophia's Grotto!, Happy Thanksgiving! A la famiglia!!, It's going to be a fun night!! The gang's all here! Come on down!, It's Pasta Sunday! Salad, pasta and glass of wine for $19.95! Mangia! Mangia!, We're  loving our handsome bar tonight!! Turn down the heat! It's hot in here!!, Shaken not stirred! Come bond with Steve tonight!, On the 11th hour, of the 11th day, in the 11th month... the guns fell silent.  Aways remember, never forget., Snowy Winesday = Cabernets!!, Open Studios this weekend! Start your day with a mimosa and eggs benedict at Sophia's Grotto (we are opening at 10 a.m. just for this event) and go and see some awesome artists!! Don't miss it!, Sorry, closed tonight for Halloween! Happy Trick or Treats!!, "Sandy, can't you see... I'm in misery!
Sophia's Grotto is closed today due to Sandy! Everyone stay safe!!, It's Winesday!  Don't miss tonight's delicious selection! Tasting Barolo's will brighten up this grey day!, Tony will be doing a cooking demo at the Taste of Roslindale tonight! You know he loves opera but tonight you might see him do a mambo and a cha cha! We love Tony's Market!, It's back! Winesday!! Joe just opened up one of his favorite Pinot Noirs - Chausseur!  We'll toast to that!, Ok, so it's Monday and the Patriots lost, but the rain stopped for yesterday's parade, it's really warm outside and the Taste of Roslindale is this Thursday! Some of your fav Grotto Girls will be there!! , Roslindale Parade!! Don't let a little rain keep you from cheering on a great parade! A little Bloody Mary at the Grotto will help dry you off!!, We love Fornax Bakery! Congrats Phoebe!, It's FRIDAY!!! Break out some new dance moves! Gangnam Style! "Dress classy and dance cheesy!", Grey morning + beautiful afternoon = Dining Al Fresco tonight!!, Buon Compleanno a Sophia Loren!! Birthday shout outs also to Grotto Fav's Paula Maloney and Matt O'Malley! Dine with us tonight, mention Sophia's birthday and enjoy a complimentary glass of bubbly!, We did it!! Enjoying refreshments! We do need to hydrate!!, Team Grotto ready for the race!, Team Grotto carbo loading today! Fun race for a great cause!, null, Very happy that we just tapped our Spaten Oktoberfest! Summer may be over but oh, what tasty fall beverages!, We love our new recipe card from Fresh in the Village! Thanks to Odessa Piper and Eric Lewandowski!, At Sophia's Grotto, we specialize in resuscitation classes!, At Sophia's Grotto, we're getting quite motivated by the incredible Olympic athletes! We're inspired to start training, working out... they carbo load right? Hmmm....farfalle al pesto, open face ravioli, fettuccine bolognese...I think we're on the right track!, Grotto Girls getting ready for the Olympics serving Team USA Margaritas!!, Last day to vote! Show all your favorite Rozzi businesses a little love! Vote for Tony's Market, Pet Cabaret, Fornax, Roslindale Farmer's Market!  Thank-you, thank-you for all your votes!, Last week to vote! We are in second place now! How cool would it be for Rozzi to beat out Newbury Street! Tell your friends, your nonna, your dog-walker! Please vote for us for BEST Al Fresco Dining!  Grazie!!, We love the "Summer Stroll"! Great world band playing at Adams Park tonight - Zili Misik!! See you tonight!, Summer Stroll Cocktail! Christine is making a refreshing, tasty, Ruby Red Grapefruit Margaritas!  How can you resist!, Ladies! Tomorrow night is "Girls Night Out" in Roslindale! Lots of wonderful events and our personal fav is the fabulous Joanne Rossman hosting the talented Mariolga, owner of define:beauty! What girl doesn't love a new lipstick!, Happy 4th of July! Sophia's Grotto will be closed today. Have a safe and happy holiday!, And the sun has come out just in time! Farmer's Market, Roslindale Garden Tour and perhaps a Bloody Mary al fresco at Sophia's Grotto? Go and enjoy the day!, Don't turn on that oven! Head on down and chill out with some of our new crisp, delicious summer white wines!  Verdejo, Pinot Gris, Orvieto are just a few to keep you cool! Order the antipasto and you my friend are beating the summer heat!, Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's living the Dad's Life! , How cool is this! Please vote for us!  Check out your other favorite Rozzi places!  Pet Cabaret, Fornax, Birch Street House and Garden! Vote for Rozzi!!, Hope this makes you laugh on a rainy Monday morning!, On this dreary Saturday night, the only question we want you to answer "which bottle of red with your dinner?", Christine says "Start your weekend with an Orange Dreamsicle", A beautiful day to take time, remember and be thankful.  Happy Memorial Day!, Can you say GORGOUS WEEKEND!! Wow! Why not finish it off  with some al fresco dining at Sophia's Grotto! The only tough decision - sangria, mojitos, or a Fernando Lamas!, Last Dance? Say it isn't so!  Here's a tribute to waitresses and all those who work hard for the money!, Happy Mother's Day!! Thank-you Moms for all you do! Have a wonderful day!, ...our sentiments exactly! What is leftover wine?, MaryLynne is making some delish mint julep's! Post time is 6:24! Grotto girls horse favorite "I'll have another", Margarita's, Mint Juleps, and maybe a Super Moon cocktail! Get out and celebrate Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby and let's hope the sky clears for the patio to view the awesome moon tonight!, Happy 100th Anniversary Fenway Park!!!, Need to carbo load for the Marathon? Sophia's Grotto will get you marathon ready! Good luck to all those running and special shout outs to City Councilor Matt O'Malley and Graham Griffith who are both running for great causes!! Stay cool!!, Happy Easter! Sophia's Grotto will be closed for brunch... out hunting for chocolate eggs! We will be open for dinner at 4:30! May the Easter Bunny bring you lots and lots of chocolate!!, Be Blue!! Order a Blue Spectrum Martini and support the West Roxbury YMCA autism program! Today is Autism Awareness Day!, null, Grotto crew showing their blue!! Supporting Autism Awareness!, And the answer is... the Blue Spectrum Martini!! Come in from Friday through Monday, enjoy our special cocktail and proceeds from the sale will go directly to the West Roxbury YMCA after school program for children with autism! A huge thanks to Tito's Handmade Vodka for their generous donation!!, Quiz time!  Sophia's Grotto, Tito's Handmade Vodka, the color Blue, and the West Roxbury YMCA! What are these 4 doing together? Stay tuned tomorrow for the answer!!, Was it just a dream or were we dining al fresco last week on our wonderful patio?  We hope Restaurant Week will help ease your week!!, Come join Barry as he celebrates St.Patrick's Day with the Grotto Lasses!!, Barry says "start the pride of the Irish early, celebrate with a Shamrock Martini!", It's officially train month in Roslindale! And today the Bay State Model Railroad Museum is open from 11-4!  If you've never been this is a must see!  Brunch at Sophia's Grotto, Train Museum, sounds like a great Sunday!, Choosing a new Mexican brew tonight! Any favs?, Happy Valentine's Day!! May your life not be going down the toilet!, Looking for a cozy place for Valentine's Day? Hidden Boston thinks we're pretty romantic!!http://hiddenboston.com/blogentries/romantic-restaurants-0112.html, Big screen t.v. - check, assorted cold beverages - check, family style pasta from Sophia's Grotto - not a bad idea!! Order take-out to feed your hungry Pats fans!!!   GO PATRIOTS!!!, Need a little help getting over hump day? Thank goodness it's Winesday! Pinot Noirs anyone?, We think this blustery night is perfect for a Guinness with the Grotto Girls!!, Rainy forecast tomorrow! Travel tonight to France, Spain, and Italy! Bordeaux, Grenache, and Nero D'avola! Love Winesdays!!, Who is loving this weather?!!  Can't believe on January 7th, at night, Grotto customers having cocktails outside while waiting for their tables! Sweet!!, Happy New Year!! Thanks to all who celebrated with us!! All the best in 2012!!, Grotto Girls Holiday Favs! Need help decorating? Don't do it Buddy's way! Head on over to Dandelions and Sarida to get great tree decorations and holiday decorating ideas!, Pats game or Christmas shopping!! Yikes!! Don't worry! Call us up! We'll be happy to mail you a Sophia's Grotto gift certificate! Shopping done! Go back and enjoy the game! Brady vs. Tebow? No contest!, Grotto Girls Holiday Favs! Keep the little ones nice and toasty with these comfy cozies from Colorwheel Collection! Wish they had them for adults!!, Holiday Wander tonight! Calling all singers! Christmas caroling tonight in the Village! Meet at the clock tower (in front of Joanne Rossman shop) at 7:00! Fa la la la la lah!! Hope to see you there!, Holiday shopping getting you stressed? Reward yourself with Winesday! Spanish reds tonight! Red wine - a wonderful calming effect on the soul!, Grotto Girls Holiday Favs! We love all the fabulousness at Joanne Rossman's! Tasty seasalt caramel chocolates, s'mores, star truffles! We're putting these on our wish list!!, Planning on going to the mall? Shop Local!! Look at the all the hidden mall dangers from our friend Buddy!! Bet he would love Roslindale! , Love this time of year to welcome back old friends!  Hello dear Nogatini! We missed you!, "Oh the weather outside is frightful!" ...ok, it's not snowing but it's crisp and windy! Bundle up and come wander Roslindale Village tonight! Keep us posted on your favorite events!, Grotto Girls Holiday Favs!!  Loving these Christmas cards at Birch Street House & Garden by local Rozzi artist Chris Roberts! Grotto Girls will get you through the holidays!!, Happy Birthday to our fabulous Grotto Guy Phil!! We love you!!, Roslindale Holiday Wander starts tonight! Shop tonight in Roslindale, come have dinner at Sophia's Grotto, show us your fabulous shopping bags and receive 20% off your dinner! (Does not apply to takeout)  What wonderful treasures will you have in your bags? Gifts from Sarida, Marla's Obsession, Joanne Rossman, Minerva's Owl?  Shop local, have fun!!, What time is it? It's wine o'clock! Wednesday -Winesday! Pinot Noirs tonight!, Thanks to all who came out for Small Business Saturday!  Remember to shop local everyday!!, So excited for Small Business Saturday!! Support your local awesome businesses! Fabulous Christmas ornaments at Joanne Rossman and Birch St. House and Garden, cool local artists at Sarida,  adorable baby gifts at Colorwheel Collection!! And the tree lighting!! So much to do tomorrow in Roslindale!, Happy Thanksgiving to all! Safe travels and if you're staying local, Grotto Girls hope to see you tonight for a cup of holiday cheer!!, Our fab grotto girl Christine suggests a chocolate covered berry will start your weekend right!!, ...at the 11th hour, the 11th day, of the 11th month...please take a moment to remember and never forget., Our awesome Grotto Girls, Christine and Carolyn, at the Hubnob party at the House of Blues serving delish Grotto dishes!, There's an App for that!! How cool!  Let us know your favorite artists! Have a great weekend!, Happy Halloween!! Sophia's Grotto will be CLOSED tonight. Have a safe and happy evening! See you tomorrow!, So have you finished removing that funny white stuff that's cemented to your car? Reward yourself with Pasta Sunday! Salad, pasta and glass of wine, $19.95!, Barry is in the pumpkin patch loving his pumpkin latte martini!, It may be gray and raining outside but inside it's warm and sunny with our Winesday!! Brunello, Chianti, and Montepulciano anyone?, Grotto Girls loving Solera Wine store's new location! Come to their opening party tonight!, Dear Mother Nature, Thank-you, thank-you, thank-you!  See you on the patio!, Raising the Stanley Cup Banner! Come celebrate and enjoy our delicious banner cake!, Happy Roslindale Parade Day!  Brunch at Sophia's Grotto and the Roslindale Parade! If you happen to see our fab grotto girl Christine O'Malley doing her parade interviews... wish her a Happy Birthday!!, Who's loving this warm weather! Brunch on the patio anyone? May your big decision of the day be to choose between our delicious Bloody Mary or Mimosa!, Thanks everyone! Another great Taste of Roslindale!!, null, null, null, null, Look who we saw tonight!, Fabulous Grotto Girls getting ready for the Taste of Roslindale!!, Busy preparing food for the delish-fest tomorrow at the Taste of Roslindale! Hope to see you there! Tickets still available!, Happy Birthday Sophia Loren!! Drop in tonight for a slice of her delicious birthday cake!, Looking for that autographed Tom Brady football helmet?  Check out this cool auction page for the Taste of Roslindale!  Don't forget to get your tickets at Sophia's Grotto!  The feast is one week away!, ... a beautiful day to remember that every day is a gift...never forget 9/11, Stay safe everyone! Sophia's Grotto will be closed today.  ...not a good patio day!, Happy Fabulous Birthday to our   K2's!!! Katie and Kevin we love you!!, Sip and stroll!! Sip our delicious Summer Stroll Cocktail and and stroll through the Village for the last Summer Stroll! Check out Sarida, a fabulous, funky store in front of Sophia's Grotto,  featuring wonderful artists! Sip and stroll! Enjoy!, Christine is kick starting the weekend with Strawberry Basil Martini's!! Delish!!, Cool off with our delicious, refreshing Summer Stroll Cocktail! Strawberry Lemonade!! This will beat the heat!, How cool!! Please vote for Sophia's Grotto for BEST Al Fresco Dining!! Grazie!!! http://boston.cityvoter.com/sophia-s-grotto/biz/31142?c=75de233cf7809f2&r=short, Looking for something fun tonight? Pack a picnic head to Adams Park for the Summer Concerts! Stop by Sophia's Grotto and sip our delicious Summer Stroll Mojito!! See you there!, Loving the mention of our delicious brunch! What's your favorite brunch item at Sophia's Grotto?, Happy Summer Solstice!! Absolutely beautiful day for a perfect patio night!, Happy Father's Day! What a great day for a wedding! Yes! Sophia's Grotto will be celebrating the marriage of Marie and John today! We will be open for dinner at 5:00, so bring Dad for dinner on the patio!, Ok, here it is! Tim Thomas and the Stanley Cup!! Great parade!! Thank-you Bruins!!, Barry says " what's Bruin at the Grotto!", Heading to Sophia's Grotto tonight? Stop by Dandelions Flower Shop and meet local artist Spencer Kirk-Jackson! Check out his handblown glass art! Very cool!, BELIEVE!!!!!!, Joey preparing for the game!! The grotto believes!!, Hello boys(nkotb)!!! Were you at the concert last night? Christine is on the bar making her fab bloody marys! She's making them extra special for juicy stories of the concert!!, Loving this beautiful Saturday! Roslindale Village Farmer's Market opens today, brunch al fresco at Sophia's Grotto and a new fabulous store Marla's Obsession opens today in the Village! Go and enjoy!!, Barry says "start your weekend with a Junebug Margarita!", Loving this beautiful Memorial Day Weekend! Mimosa's at brunch or sangria at dinner, perfect patio day! Enjoy!, Cool! My Secret Boston gives Jimmies ice-cream in Roslindale a shout out! 
http://mysecretboston.com/eat/cast-ashore, Thank-you Boston Herald!  Come back to Roslindale any time!!  ttp://bostonherald.com/blogs/lifestyle/fork_lift/?p=5049, A Saturday must! Stop in to Joanne Rossman and meet the author Lisa Occhipinti! Treats from Sophia's Grotto!, Heading to Sophia's Grotto tonight? You might run into a peacock, flying pigs, and goats at Birch St. House & Garden!!, "When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child" -Sophia Loren 
Happy Mother's Day!, ...even Barry is drinking Her Royal Majesty!, Grotto Princesses serving Her Royal Majesty! Happy Wedding Day!!, Happy Easter Egg Hunting! We will be open for dinner at 4:00 today! Might be a nice patio night!, What is Barry drinking? An "orange you glad it's school vacation"!, Thank-you Savvy Factory!!
http://www.thesavvyfactory.com/?p=1046, Grotto Girls enjoying a Blue Spectrum showing their support for Autism Awareness Day!, Autism Awareness at Sophia's Grotto! Order our special "Blue Spectrum" Martini this Friday & Saturday. $5 from every "Blue Spectrum" ordered goes directly to a new recreational program for children with autism at the West Roxbury YMCA!, Monday Night FUNdraiser at Sophia's Grotto for the Dana-Farber Marathon Challenge!  Paul Grenham (a great Grotto Guy customer) will be running the Boston Marathon! Come by Sophia's Grotto tonight between 4-7 and enter to win amazing raffle prizes!  If you can't come but want to donate, please go to www.runDFMC.org/2011/paulg!, Thank-you TV Diner for a great show!
http://www.necn.com/03/19/11/Destination-Sophias-Grotto/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=444337&feedID=4412, Barry enjoying our Friday night "Grottolash" served by our Grotto Lass!, Once again it's time for our favorite singing trio to wish all of you a Happy St.Patrick's Day!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riXcinqDeCI&feature=related, Had a great day shooting with TV Diner at Sophia's Grotto! Big thanks to Billy Costa and his fun crew! Watch TV Diner on Saturday March 19th at 10:00 and see if Billy sampled some of your favorite dishes!!, Getting ready for tonight's Movers & Shakers! Come vote for Christine's fabulous Sophia's Garden cocktail!, Have you tried our delicious brunch? Mention fb and receive a complimentary  Bloody Mary or Mimosa today!, Looking for something new this weekend? How about Brunch at Sophia's Grotto! Saturday and Sunday from 10:30-1:30! Brioche French Toast and Bloody Mary anyone?, Fb Monday! How about a nice complimentary glass of Valpolicella with your dinner order tonight! Don't forget to mention fb Monday!, Grotto Girls wearing their red!! Thank goodness red wine is good for the heart!, So we actually think skates might be the easiest way to get to Sophia's Grotto tonight! Be safe and if in doubt... walk like a penguin!!, On this once again snowy night, let us take you away to sunny Spain! It's Winesday at Sophia's Grotto! Spanish reds anyone?, Fb Monday! How about a complimentary glass of house red wine with any entree tonight!  We think this will help make you nice and toasty!, Al fresco dining anyone? Bundle up and ski or snowshoe down!!, Fb Monday! Carbo load for mid-week shoveling! 1/2 price on all pastas tonight!!, It's going to be another great New Year's Bash at Sophia's Grotto! Always a fun party!
Some reservations still available! All the best in 2011! Thanks for all the fun in 2010!, Roslindale Village Holiday Wander! Show us your bags! Shop in the Village, show us your bags and receive 20% off your dinner tonight! Also, please vote for the fabulous Joanne Rossman! The best decked holiday window in Boston!
http://www.cityofboston.gov/dnd/obd/Deck_the_Windows_Finalist_Intro.asp, A little chilly for you? Let us take you away to sunny,warm Spain! Spanish wines for tonight's Winesday!!, Fb Monday! Shopping for everyone else? Come treat yourself for a white wine tasting! Joe is on the bar!, Holiday Wander in Roslindale Village! Tonight a wonderful appearance by the Boston Boys Choir! Carolers will start at 7 at the village clock, roam through the village and end up at the courtyard Christmas Tree in front of Sophia's Grotto!, Tired of Turkey? How about 1/2 price on all pasta entrees! Don't forget to say the magic words...fb Monday!, "Hello Mr. Turkey how are you! Gobble gobble!!"  Join Joe and the wonderful Grotto Girls for a cup of Thanksgiving Cheer tonight!! Share some of your memorable Turkey Day stories!, fb Monday! Looking for Pinot Noir Tasters! Come down, sample and let us know your favorite choices!, fb Monday! Wanted Cabernet Tasters! Joe needs help in choosing some Cabernets! Come down, sample and give him some feedback!, Yucky rainy night! Thank goodness Kerry is on the bar and will warm you up with her smile!  $6 appetizers and $7 pizzas at the bar tonight will keep you nice and toasty!, Thank goodness for Winesday to get you through the week! Don't miss tonight's delicious tastings of Pinot Noirs - Chausser, Santenay and Meiomi oh my!!, It's back! fb Monday!! Tonight is one of our favorites! Delicious $5 pizzas!! Don't forget to mention fb Monday!, ...and the winner of the 2nd annual pumpkin carving contest is ....Kevin Gallagher!!!  Next Friday we will be serving the Kevin!!, Happy Halloween!! Come and get betwiched by the Witches of the Grotto!! ...if you dare!, Pumkin carving contest! Who will be this years winner?!, Christine is serving her delicious Pumpkin Latte Martini's tonight!, A great Taste of Roslindale last night! So wonderful to see everyone! It's going to be a gorgous weekend! Patio dining anyone?, Getting ready for the Taste of Roslindale this Thursday night! Always a great event with lots of delicious food!!, Happy Birthday to Sophia Loren! Fabulous at 76!!! Come celebrate her birthday at Sophia's Grotto and have a slice of a special birthday cake!!, null, Busy weekend ahead!! Shopping at Bloomingdale's today? Sophia's Grotto will be handing out tasty morsels between 1-3! And tomorrow morning, Grotto Girls and Grotto Guys will be running the Emerald Society's Cops for Kids with Cancer 5k race! Come cheer us on!!  www.emeraldsociety5k.org, Loving the mention of Sophia's Grotto in Devra First's weekly chat in today's G section in the Globe!! Thanks to Marc H for his shout-out to our paella!, It's Friday and another beautiful weekend!! What a great summer! Join us for our summer pre-fix dinner! Dinner for 2 with wine for $59.95! This special until August 27th!!  Hope to see you al fresco!!, Roslindale Farmers Market is going to the dogs!! Bring your pooch to the market today!, null, Great article today in the Globe about the revitalization of Roslindale! And if you're in the neighborhood, great day for some mojitos and a spanish antipasto on the patio!!, Happy 4th of July everyone! It's going to be a beautiful weekend!  Beach bound or Boston bound - have fun!! Just a reminder Sophia's Grotto will be closed on Sunday the 4th., World Cup! USA vs. Ghana today! The game will be on at 2:30 at Sophia's Grotto!, Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.  ~Bill Cosby
Happy Father's Day!!, WORLD CUP 2010!! Tomorrow U.S.A. vs. England! The match will be on at Sophia's Grotto at 2:30!  Here's a little Shakira to get you in the mood!!, Thank-you My Secret Boston for making Sophia's Grotto one of your eight secret dining places in Boston!!, Very happy that Roslindale Farmer's Market opens tomorrow at Adams Park! Pick up your tomato and basil plants! Get your garden growing! Every Saturday from 9 - 1:30 till the end of October!, Happy Memorial Day Weekend! Travelling - safe trip, listen to fun music to ease the traffic pain, staying local - we'll see you al fresco with a glass of sangria and pizza!, "When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts.  A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child." - Sophia Loren
Happy Mother's Day!, It's Monday with a big week ahead of you! Come in tonight and receive a complimentary glass of house wine with your entree! Hope it helps the Monday blues!!  Mention fb Monday!, FB Monday! Motivated by the incredible Marathon runners? Starting your training for Marathon 2011 tomorrow? Carbo load tonight with 1/2 price pasta dishes!! Mention fb Monday!, Running the Marathon, cheering on the runners, you'll need to carbo load! Good thing today is Pasta Sunday!! Good luck to runners Paul Grenham #22679 and Matt O'Malley #26045!, It's FRIDAY people!! Long weekend! Marathon Monday! And for some, no work for 9 days! Here's a little dance beat to help you groove in your office chair! Have a great weekend!, FB Monday! Pizza! Pizza! $5 Pizza at Sophia's Grotto tonight! Don't forget the magic word!, FB Monday! Gorgous weekend, Red Sox rule, and we are al fresco dining!! Complimentary glass of house wine with your entree tonight! Mention fb!!, Gettting ready for tonight's Movers & Shakers! Come and cheer our fabulous Grotto Girl Christine O'Malley as she shows how to move & shake a cocktail! Cocktails, food and fun! 
http://www.bcaonline.org/calendar/details/122-Movers%20.html?Shakers=, FB Monday! Coming in for dinner tonight! Lots of great raffle items to be won!! Our fb fan Paul Grenham is hosting a FUNdraiser at the bar tonight! Paul is running the Boston Marathon as a member of the Dana-Farber Marathon Challenge. He has an amazing 12 year old patient-partner named RJ. Win great gift certificates to Geoffrey's Cafe, Center Cuts, Masona Grill, Fornax, Pet Cabaret and many,many, more! If you would like to support Paul but can't come please visit his website at www.runDFMC.org/2010/paulg.  Go Paul and RJ!!, Still celebrating our 5th Year Anniversary!! (We love the bubbly!). All week we will be having our Anniversary Special pre-fix menu for $59.95. (Dinner for 2).  Come in tonight for FB Monday and receive the pre-fix for $49.95! Mention FB Monday!, "It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood" What a great weekend coming up! Enjoy every moment and hopefully we'll see you! Dining al fresco of course!, Hope everyone had a great St. Patrick's Day! Enjoy!!  Thank-you Dan for sharing! Next beer is on us!, O.K...so it would be nice to say "Come down and enjoy a night on the patio drinking sangria!"...but, well, how about coming down and sharing your flooded basement stories with Joe - he'll buy you a drink for your woes!, It's our 5th Year Anniversary! We'll be celebrating all month with lots of bubbly! Come join us for a toast and thanks to everyone for making Sophia's Grotto your home away from home!, What a weekend! Can you feel it! It's getting warmer, we're getting a little more sun and we had some al fresco diners!  FB Monday - complimentary glass of house white wine with your dinner entree tonight!, Next stop Roslindale Village! Model Train Museum open this Saturday and Sunday from 11- 4.  Sophia's Grotto will be open early for lunch (12:00) this weekend.  It's sunny, it's getting warm ... might this be a patio lunch day!, FB Monday!  O.k.... so we're back for fb Monday after being away for the Olympic games! Gold in wine drinking, silver in twirling pasta on a spoon, and bronze for stuffing cannoli shells!  Great games! Tonight we celebrate with $5 pizza night!, Thinking of building an arc? Come in tonight for Winesday! Flight of Northern Italian wines for $11.95... discuss your arc plans with Joe... save room for us!, Congrats to our FB fan Kim Foley MacKinnon on her new book! Boston Baby - A Field Guide for Urban Parents! Special thanks to her daughter for making Sophia's Grotto one of her favorite neighborhood spots!http://www.unionparkpress.com/books/boston-baby-field-guide-urban-parents/, Happy Valentine's Day! May your day be filled with chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate!!, Love the Pet Cabaret! Check out their awesome clip!, Done shovelling all the rain? Strap on your rain skiis and come on down! We're open during the nor-easter!!, FB Monday!  Gritty McDuff's Black Fly Stout is new on draft! Have a pint of Gritty's tonight for $2 a draft!  That should help ease the news of a mid-week nor'easter!, O.K. Ladies!! Show us your RED!!! Wear red, be aware and take care! Come in for dinner tonight, wear red and receive 10% off your dinner!, FB Monday! Complimentary flight of draft beers with any dinner tonight!  Definitely worth gettting a little wet for!, FB Monday! Yes, it's cold and dreary but we think 1/2 price on all pasta dishes tonight will warm you up! So bundle up, come on down, and enjoy a delicious plate of your favorite pasta!, FB Monday! After yesterday's football...how should we put it gently... Pats not going to the Superbowl!...come in tonight, order an entree, and receive a glass of wine on the house!  We hope that helps ease the pain!, A great New Year's Party with wonderful people to celebrate with! Thanks to all who joined us for a fabulous Sophia's Grotto Eve Bash!!, Happy New Year to all! To kick off FB Monday's  for 2010, we're going to help you keep some New Year's resolutions... complimentary cannoli with your dinner tonight! Wasn't your resolution to make it a sweet year? Mention FB Monday!, The champagne is chilling, the party hats ready to wear... it's going to be a fabulous New Year's!!!  Some late snow cancellations... call for last minute reservations!!!, FB Monday! Tired of Turkey?  $5 Pizza night!, FB Monday! Come in this week and spend $100 on Gift Certificates and receive a $20 Complimentary Gift Certificate for you! Can't make it in! Give us a call and we'll gladly mail one to you!, Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!!! Strap on your snow shoes, skiis,  or sled and head to Sophia's Grotto!! Build a snowman in the courtyard while sipping on  a Nutty Irish Coffee!!  Snow days are fun days at the Grotto and today is Pasta Sunday!, FB Monday! Come in tonight for dinner and receive a $10 Gift Certificate for your next visit! Mention FB Monday!, Yes it's a blustery and cold,  but oh, Christine's Candy Cane Martini will taste soo good tonight!!, Holiday Wander through Roslindale Village tonight! Lots of fabulousness going on in the shops! Shop in any of the stores today, come into Sophia's Grotto tonight  and receive 20% off your dinner! How simple is that! All for shopping local! Check out www.roslindale.net for more information!, FB Monday! As the song goes "Baby it's cold outside!"... so, tonight we're going to warm you up with 1/2 price on all pasta entrees! Will you warm up with the gnocchi bolognese or the farfalle al pesto? Don't forget to mention FB Mondays!, FB Monday!  Come watch the Patriots destroy the Saints! Complimentary appetizers at the bar!, Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!  Planes, trains and automobiles... safe travels and hope to see you soon!, FB Monday!  Looking for some Merlot and Malbec wine tasters! Come in, sample and tell Joe which ones you like!, Tonight Sophia's Grotto is celebrating the Boston Center for Youth & Families' 35th Anniversary at the House of Blues! A few Grotto Girls will be serving up some delicious appetizers and listening to some great music!  http://www.bcyf-events.com/.  
FB Monday!! 1/2 price on pizzas at Sophia's Grotto! Make sure to mention FB Monday!, At the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918.  Please take a moment to remember all of our Veteran's today., FB Monday! Spanish and Italian red wines! Looking for taste testers to sample wine and give us your feedback! See you tonight!, FB Monday! $5 for all small plates tonight!  Make sure to mention fb Monday to your Grotto server! Yummy deal!, null, Pumpkin carving tonight! Who's pumpkin will be the best! Drop by Halloween night to pick your favorite!, FB Monday! Red, red wine!! Joe has samples of Montepulciano and Negroamaro for you to try tonight! What better way to end a Monday!, FB Monday!!  Calling all Chianti tasters! Joe has some new bottles to try, so drop by, sample some Chianti's and let him know which ones you like!, Very silly and goofy but hey, you can never have enough laughs in one day!, O.K. people... it's FRIDAY!! 3 Day Long Weekend!!! Here's a little favorite from the Grotto Grooves to get you ready for the weekend! Ting Tings! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-E8UlrF_9o, It may be raining but it's a great day to come in and have a Spaten Oktoberfest and reminisce with Joe about Oktoberfest days!!...He might even top you off a little extra!!, Happy Birthday to Sophia Loren!!  Her words of wisdom - "Everything you see I owe to spaghetti"... also Happy Birthday to our Grotto fans Paula Maloney and Matt O'Malley!, Beautiful day... beautiful night... perfect September patio night!, Best of Boston 2009 - Sophia's Grotto winner of Best Affordable Al Fresco Dining!  Thank-you so much to everyone for supporting us!, Happy 4th of July!!! Hope everyone has a fun, safe, and hopefully sunny weekend! We wil be closed on the 4th but open Friday and Sunday.  Ciao!, Wishing a Happy Father's Day!! Enjoy!, Stressful week, gray skies... Christine is on the bar tonight making tasty "Southern Sweet Tea" - mint, lemon and of course Sweet Tea Vodka!, A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine - Anthelme Brillat Savarin ...Sophia's Grotto - where the sun is always shining!, Happy Memorial Day everyone! Safe travels and if you're staying local just might be a nice weekend for sipping sangria on the patio!!, null, ...AND THEY'RE OFF!!  Join us at Sophia's Grotto and sip on a Mint Julep and watch the Kentucky Derby!  The most exciting 2 minutes in sports!  Don't forget to wear your fancy hat!!, Marathon Day tomorrow! Today is Pasta Sunday! Just what you need to carbo load for the big race - running or cheering! Good luck to all the runners especially to our Sophia's Grotto fan -  Matt O'Malley!, SpiderMan(Griff) with Betty and Dotty, null, null, Welcome to Sophia's Grotto!  Just your local casual Mediterranean restaurant!  Join us and be a part of our family!  And remember... good things come from small places!, null)