List(null, null, null, null, null, null, I lost a significant amount of weight while drinking pu erh tea AND eating ONLY low glycemic nutrient dense vegetables (no bread; <2 pieces fruit/day) AND walking 10,000 steps/day, and drinking >10 10-ounce glasses of water/day.

Yes, pu erh tea made a new person of me - for as long as I was drinking it (and following my strict vegan dietary regimen with daily exercise)., null, null, null, null, Every TUESDAY evening, we do 'bilingual chat' at the Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, 677 Huntignton Avenue.  IF your skills in Mandarin AND English are sufficient to introduce yourself to a bilingual audience of high-performing thinkers, we invite you to join us and to participate with us., FREE WEBINAR: Dr. Michael Klaper - Salt, Sugar, and Oil

On Thursday, January 29, 2015 at 6:00 PM (EST),
Michael Klaper, MD, will present a free webinar produced by Rouxbe, the world’s leading online cooking school.

During this free event, Dr. Klaper will provide a keen understanding of what happens when excessive amounts of salt, sugar, and oil are consumed on a daily basis.

For more information and to register:
http://rouxbe.com/live-events/Dr-Klaper-02/details
- - -
Website:  DoctorKlaper.com
To subscribe, see:  DoctorKlaper.com/mailing-list

Or, send e-mail to: newsletter@DoctorKlaper.com, null, My Thai Vegan Cafe in Boston Chinatown is a great place for downtown revelers to catch a bit of vegan food to eat before OR after the fireworks.  Call ahead to ensure that they'll be open when YOU want to go there., null, BVS Inflatable Cow (borrowed from World Animal Net) - share the 'word' (image) - 'who' appears at the Boston Vegetarian Society's annual Boston Vegetarian Food Festival ( Kimber, BVS Executive Director, 'genderizes' the inflatable 'cow' image)., null, null, null, null, null, null, The Kitchen of My Thai Vegan Cafe - Boston Chinatown - is meticulous, and each of the kitchen workers is diligent, hard-working, and carefully attended by all the others to ensure accuracy and hygiene., null, null, null, "Mingling VEGAN Singles" holds a monthly VEGAN Single Mingle at My Thai (11:30 am to 2:00 pm)!

It is ONLY for REAL vegans - NOT for (a) flexitarians, (b) wannabes, (c) sometime vegans, (d) lactovegetarians, (e) ovovegetarians, (f) dairy-free macrobiotics who eat fish occasionally, or (g) any OTHER nonvegans.

It is ALSO NOT FOR vegans 'in relationships' or married vegans or engaged vegans or otherwise relationally-committed vegans

For the purpose of THIS gathering, we will DEFINE 'vegan' as dietary vegans.

Our PURPOSE FOR this gathering is mingling of (a) single (b) vegans (real vegans).



We will AFFIRM our VEGANISM in a one line unison CHANT - WE ARE VEGANS!

Let's discuss whatever comes to OUR vegan minds - OUR vegan practices, OUR vegan values, OUR vegan commitments and/or record of vegan advocacy, as well as our vegan hopes for the transformation of the world - for its veganization - on terms the social world will welcome!!

If you "do social media" with your handheld devices, bring them and "check in" at My Thai.

And, of course, we will MICROSTIMULATE My Thai All-Vegan Restaurant, 3-5 Beach St upstairs, Chinatown Boston !!

Those bringing portable digital access through their handheld devices are asked to

(a) check in digitally (to the Vegan Meetup website) when they arrive and
(b) tweet photos and news of the ongoing event to the Vegan Meetup website.

We'll hold this event IF we get four (4) persons other than the organizer(s).
The organizer loves meeting folks, but the mingle is not for the organizer(s); it's for all the other vegans in greater Boston. So bring your SINGLE vegan friends.
Oh, and we will GROW to NEED cohosts, so volunteer, if you can!
Please persuade at least ONE OTHER (hopefully fun vegan person) to attend this soiree.

With >125 seats, we say that there's no seating limit. We start with 6-10 seats in two tables IN THE BACK AREA, and we grow from there.

Nonvegans and nonsingles are welcome to join other vegetarian meetups AND to attend OTHER events of THIS meetup, but this event IS for VEGANS for MINGLING to begin and continue local friendships., null, null, null, null, null, null, Updated My Thai Facebook Page, null, ..., ..., ..., As a vegetarian, you’re less likely to have high blood pressure, cholesterol, heart disease, or type 2 diabetes. That’s the good news. But being a vegetarian also has its risks…

If you don’t eat a balanced diet, you could wind up with vitamin or mineral deficiencies. That could lead to anemia, hypoglycemia, diabetes, dental problems, or osteoporosis.

That’s why we created The Vegetarian Mastery Program. It’s a series of 50 lessons that teach you to thrive on a vegetarian diet.

Some people want to preview our info first. So we created a free 10-day email course. Sign up now and get brief excerpts of our lessons (the same ones our students pay for), but with no cost or obligation., The Boston Vegan monthly Meetup will be held on Saturday, 5 February, from 11:30 am to 2:00 pm., ..., ..., ..., Featured Scrolls - Vegetarianism in Religions

But most practitioners don't dig very deeply into their 'received' 'traditions' (the heritage is SO deep and their time SO short that they have little BUDGETED opportunity to explore these spiritual resources), Solar IS Civil Defense
a flashlight, radio or cell phone, an extra set of batteries
solar powered
with hand or foot operated dynamo back-up,
emergency lighting and communication
day or night
from sunlight or
muscle power.

One solar component
is an LED flashlight
which also charges AA batteries.
This design allows for 
battery switching,
charging a second set of batteries 
to use in other devices.

The Bogolight is a charger and light
with an international development 
addition:
each light bought
buys another solar LED light and battery charger
for someone who has no access to electricity
in this world.

Solar IS Civil Defense in another way., ..., ..., ..., ..., Bizarro.com

Are Humans REALLY Carnivores?, ..., Used SNA = Social Network Analysis, as developed at Harvard Medical School by Dr. Nicholas A. Christakis.

Religion's Secret to Happiness: It's Friends, Not Faith
By Alice Park Sunday, December 12, 2010 | 20 comments
« PREVIOUS POST
15,000

CommentPrintEmail Digg FacebookTwitter
MORE
 
Related Topics:Happiness, Happiness, Mental Health, religion, satisfaction
 
Religion can be good for your health, and especially your mental health, according to the latest studies, which show that church-goers are happier and more satisfied with their lives than those who don't attend services. But what exactly is it about religion that is so beneficial to health?

Some might argue that it is the power of faith in a being or power beyond ourselves. But according to a study led by Chaeyoon Lim, a sociology professor at University of Wisconsin-Madison, the reason religion makes us happy may have more to do with friends than with faith.

Using data from the Faith Matters Study, a survey of U.S. adults conducted in 2006 and 2007, Lim and his colleagues found that 33% of those who attended religious services every week and reported having close friends at church said they were extremely satisfied with their lives, while only 19% of those who went to church but had no close connections to the congregation reported the same satisfaction.

As Lim noted in a statement describing his findings:

“To me, the evidence substantiates that it is not really going to church and listening to sermons or praying that makes people happier, but making church-based friends and building intimate social networks there.”

The results support the idea that friends and acquaintances can have a powerful, even contagious effect on our health. In other work conducted by Dr. Nicholas Christakis at Harvard Medical School and John Fowler of University of California, San Diego, it's clear that our social network, regardless of how close or distant we are to the people in them, can influence our health. Christakis and Fowler showed that even people separated from you by up to three degrees can influence your weight, your happiness, or even whether you quit smoking or are prone to loneliness.

A version of that idea of social connectedness may explain Lim's findings, which were consistent across Protestant, evangelical and Catholic religions; they applied to Mormons and Jewish believers as well, despite their smaller sample size in the study. Lim stresses that the sense of community that religion promotes is an important part of helping people to feel involved and worthwhile, and therefore may contribute to an overall sense of happiness.

Related Topics:Happiness, Happiness, Mental Health, religion, satisfaction


Read more: http://healthland.time.com/2010/12/12/religions-secret-to-happiness-its-friends-not-faith/#ixzz17vw8i9Ja, BANANAS!*

Worth checking it out., The task of building vegetarian culture has been done vegetarians with a worldview throughout the millennia, and vegetarian diet is intertwined in their understanding with all their other beliefs.

Vegetarians today, both religious and secular, intertwine beliefs, both dietary and nondietary.

Issues in culture building arise constantly whenever there is talk about "increasing the number of vegetarians".

But modern social science understandings of culturebuilding OUGHT to give us profound insights into the importance of economics, material infrastructure, celebration, and intergenerational communication.

The Building-Vegetarian-Culture list is about deliberately and intelligently building vegetarian culture, assessing the current state of our society, and addressing gaps, deficiencies, strengths, resources, and opportunities, and consciously and effectively constructing the resources and strengths we do not yet have and enjoy.

The list is NOT about promoting particular events (e.g. a science fiction discussion held at Veggie Heaven or any other vegetarian restaurant, nor even official local vegetarian society events BECAUSE the list's CLEAR and EXPLICIT - and clearly stated - purpose is the reasoned discussion among vegetarian activists, advocates, and long-timers about how ALL of us collectively, "in the aggregate", can build an emergent culture -- either parochially or at large - that is both fundamentally vegetarian AND overtly pro-vegetarian in its values and stated priorities - that all SHOULD be vegetarian!

THIS list is not for every vegan or vegetarian, but for those who are able and committed to contribute their relevant expertise to "building vegetarian culture."

We are a nuts and bolts "how can and will we do it" list. For that reason, THIS list isn't for every veg*an, but for those able and committed to contribute their relevant skills to building vegetarian culture., In this study, 84 patients with MDD were randomized after achieving remission to receive continued antidepressant use, MBCT, or placebo. For the patients deemed "unstable remitters" with periodic symptom flurries, the relapse rates during 18 months of follow-up did not differ between the MBCT and antidepressant groups (28% vs 27%) but was significantly higher in the placebo group (71%).

"We were very pleased to find that [MBCT] could hold its own against active pharmacotherapy," lead study author Zindel V. Segal, PhD, head of the Cognitive Behavior Therapy Clinic in the Clinical Research Department at the Center for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and professor of psychiatry at the University of Toronto, told Medscape Medical News., 20 potatoes EACH DAY for 60 days?  Talk about COMFORT FOODS !, Animal ingredients found in cigarettes, ..., ..., ..., ..., Contemporary sustainability, given its green leanings, is powerfully influenced by environmental ideas. Perhaps the elusive beating heart of today's sustainability movement, its utopian vision, is that of self-sufficiency. The phrase "think globally, act locally" has served as a green mantra, but it is "act locally" that has engaged the popular imagination. Look at the locavore movement, or designs of gleaming city (sometimes rustic country) buildings that capture and store all needed energy. What suffuses these high- and low-tech varietals is the virtue of self-sufficiency., 
Senate Bill S 510 Food Safety Modernization Act vote imminent: Would outlaw gardening and saving seeds
Senate Bill S 510 Food Safety Modernization Act vote imminent: Would outlaw gardening and saving seeds, ..., A young man named John received a parrot as a gift.  The parrot had a bad attitude and an even worse vocabulary. 

Every word out of the bird's' mouth was rude, obnoxious, and laced with profanity.  John tried and tried to change the bird's attitude by consistently saying only polite words, playing soft music, and doing whatever  else he could think of to 'clean up' the bird's vocabulary. 

Finally, John was fed up, and he yelled at the parrot.  The  parrot yelled back.  John shook the parrot, but the parrot became angrier and even more rude.  In desperation, John threw up his hand, grabbed the bird, and locked him in the freezer.  For a few minutes the parrot squawked and kicked and screamed.

But suddenly, there was total quiet.  Not a peep was heard for over a minute. 

Fearing that he'd hurt the parrot, John quickly opened the door to the freezer.  The parrot calmly stepped out onto John's outstretched arms and said: 
"I believe I may have offended you with my rude language and actions.  I'm sincerely remorseful for my inappropriate transgressions, and I fully intend to do everything I can to correct my rude and unforgivable behavior." 

John was stunned at the change in the bird's attitude.  

As he was about to ask the parrot what had made such a dramatic change in his behavior, the bird spoke-up, very softly,
"May I ask what the turkey did?" , Interesting that Robin Quivers radically transformed her health in 2007 when she embraced a plant-based diet. The only problem was, now that Robin was preparing all her own food, she realized she had absolutely no idea how to cook.

The day Robin almost burned the house down trying to boil water (seriously) she finally thought to herself, "it's officially time to learn my way around a kitchen."

Who better to teach culinary skills to someone who can't even boil water than an Irish chef who has elevated the boiled potato to an art? Gavan Murphy, aka The Healthy Irishman, was fired up to take on the challenge, having been inspired by his own health transformation in cooking school when he first discovered the benefits of natural, seasonal, local food.

Will teaching a novice like Robin who once mistook a knife drawer for a broiler really be that easy? Or will they both go down in flames?, Increasingly Black Friday has become the unofficial kickoff of the holiday buying season. As many of you seek good deals at the nation’s stores, have you thought of ensuring that your purchases are environmentally friendly? Here are some green tips that apply to Black Friday or any day of the year., Animal Aid's site; November IS Global Vegan Month - time to celebrate vegan values globally, sfoskett@telegram.com

At issue is breed-specific legislation, when bill sponsors argue that wrongful socialization is the basis for misbehavior of dogs trained to be aggressive and to attack, behind which is a criminal trade in illegal drugs, which the Commonwealth hasn't addressed., ScienceDirect - Food Chemistry : Amino acid profile of raw and as-eaten products of spinach (Spinacia oleracea L.)

Zofia Lisiewska, a, , Waldemar Kmiecika, Piotr Gębczyńskia and Lidia Sobczyńskaa
a Department of Raw Materials and Processing of Fruit and Vegetables, Agricultural University of Krakow, Poland
Received 4 July 2010;  revised 28 September 2010;  accepted 2 November 2010.  Available online 10 November 2010. 
Abstract
The aim of the work was to evaluate the amino acid composition of fresh spinach and spinach products prepared for consumption. The investigation included fresh and cooked spinach and two kinds of frozen product: one obtained using the traditional method (blanching-freezing-refrigerated storage) and then cooked; and the other, of the ready-to-eat type, obtained using the modified method (cooking-freezing-refrigerated storage) and then prepared for consumption in a microwave oven. In 100 g of edible parts of the as-eaten products, the content of amino acids exceeded that in the raw material from which they were obtained, except for sulfur amino acids and tyrosine. In the as-eaten products, the content of amino acids in protein calculated in 16 g N was similar to that in the raw material, except for lower tyrosine and higher arginine content in the traditional frozen product prepared for consumption. Cystine with methionine was the amino acid limiting the quality of protein in the investigated samples, except for the traditional frozen product prepared for consumption, where the Chemical Score (CS) index was 100.

Keywords: Amino acids; spinach; freezing; cooking, ..., ..., Nutrition Education in U.S. Medical Schools 'Precarious,' Say Researchers

Student, Physician Knowledge of Nutrition Facts 'Suboptimal', 2010 Boston Vegetarian Food Festival, Reggie Lewis Center, Roxbury - a set on Flickr

178 digital color photos of the event, This Festival brings together an amazing array of vegetarian natural food providers, top national speakers and chefs, and educational exhibitors in a fun and welcoming environment. It is a chance to talk directly to food producers, learn the newest items in the marketplace, taste free food samples, shop at show special discounts, or simply learn what vegetarian foods are available and where you can find them!, Bagmara (South Tripura): Tribals of the dirt-poor village of Bagmara in Tripura have been holding on to their age-old custom that forbids consumption of cow milk, though nearly each household has at least one milch cow.

'We consider the cows as god; hence we stay away from any act of milking the milch cow,' Bagmara village chief Ranjit Tripura said. The village is located 170 km south of state capital Agartala.

'We also believe that depriving the calf of mother's milk is a sin and gods will not exonerate the sinner,' the nonagenarian tribal headman said., Vegan Holiday Recipes - and some unappetizing facts about the suffering of farmed animals, While the festival does predictably draw monster numbers from the vegan and vegetarian sets, the target audience, according to Kimber, is the general meat-eating public.

“We have over 100 exhibitors giving out really amazing plant-based foods, and we just want to show people there are really delicious vegetable alternatives available,” Kimber says. “Through the food samples at the booths, the speakers and the chefs doing demos, we hope to introduce people to the flavors of vegetarian cuisine as well as celebrate our communities.”, ..., just developed http://bit.ly/BVFoodFest as BVS Veg Restaurant guide for VegFest & FoodFest attendees http://bit.ly/BVSFoodFest, ..., ..., ..., Guess who's coming to a vegan dinner?  Sidney Poitier and thousands of other vegans...

And Michelle Obama says we should be eating more grains, greens, and beans - and not just because those three words in that order make good music lyrics, looks forward to hosting this month's Vegan Meetup here at My Thai Saturday morning, 6 November: 11:30 am for the Vegan Meetup; then the VegMeetup and Mandarin Meetup explore Chinatown, then have a an event there later. My Thai NO LONGER hosts the BVA meeting here, NOR 10% BVA discount., ..., ..., The Full Plate Diet - FREE as a vegan audio book, -  Meatless Monday was featured on the homepage of Prevention.com, along with four meatless recipes that would inspire anyone to join the movement!
-  Us Weekly takes a cue from stars Lea Michele and Natalie Portman, recommending Meatless Monday as a way to ease into more plant-based options.
-  The Courier Post announces that “Meatless Monday is gaining momentum” in their recent article covering the movement., The goal is to eventually lure journals away from a subscriber-based model that limits access to articles and costs libraries a fortune. Open-access journals eliminate the steep prices of print, but their growth has been limited by the absence of a revenue stream to support the costs associated with peer review. The idea that top universities might help subsidize these costs was seen by some as a key step toward creating a revenue stream to replace subscriber fees., Loving Hut

The global , Animal-free, animal-friendly, karma-free, vegan-friendly footwear in Porter Square, at 1771 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02140, Vegan Science Futures group on Academia.edu allows ahimsa-based researchers to collaborate and/or commisserate, The Boston Vegetarian Society volunteers have compiled this list of relatively new documentaries that encourage environmentally- and animal-friendly healthy plant-based eating.  They are available online or on DVD or both.  Some have been screened at BVS, and some we have not seen yet.  They present this list of film resources that you can explore and consider using in your own outreach for vegetarianism.

A Delicate Balance (Australia)
84 minutes
 A Delicate Balance documents the latest discoveries of some of the most prominent experts on nutrition in the world. Over 50 years of research is skilfully woven into what feels like a detective unravelling the mysteries behind the disease epidemic which has struck affluent countries with a vengeance - disease has been escalating over the last 50 years resulting in 1 in 2 men and 1 in 3 women being diagnosed with cancer.  Watching this film will help you make informed choices about your health and the environment around you and how to reduce your personal impact.
adelicatebalance.com.au
A Life Connected
12 minutes
 “We believe people are born with values that connect them to humanity and the rest of the world in which they live — values of justice, kindness and compassion. Our task is to help each other reconnect.”
Watch it online
A Sacred Duty: Applying Jewish Values To Help Heal The World 
60 minutes
 
Jewish Vegetarians of North America produced this documentary about how Jewish teachings can help address current environmental crises. It is especially suitable for synagogues, temples, JCCs, Jewish schools and other Jewish institutions.  However, its universal message speaks to people everywhere about the ethics of our relationship to the natural world, and why it is imperative that we respond quickly to help shift our imperiled planet to a sustainable path.  It is an expose of the dangers of global warming that highlights how religious responses can make a difference, and why a shift toward plant-based diets is an essential part of efforts to reduce global climate change and other environmental threats.  Includes interviews with Rabbis, Israeli environmentalists, and prominent Jewish activists.

Order free DVD or watch online at www.jewishveg.com/asacredduty/
Eating
88 minutes
 “Join over 20 million people throughout the world who have watched this award-winning film. It covers a lot of ground very comprehensively. Among the many highlights are interviews with Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn, Dr. Neil Pinckney, Dr. Ruth Heidrich and Dr. Joseph Crowe... What you will get is a virtual one-on-one consultation with some of the world's leading authorities on heart disease reversal.”  Includes segments on environmental and ethical issues.
www.ravediet.com
Eating Mercifully: Christian Perspectives on Factory Farming 
26 minutes
 This film from the Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) explores Christian perspectives on factory farming.  Observations from the Executive Director of the Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production, along with thought-provoking comments from a Professor of Animals and Religion, a Pastor, a Sister, and a conservative Christian couple who run a farm animal sanctuary are effectively intertwined with footage that illustrates modern animal farming practices.  HSUS' "three Rs" approach —Reduce, Replace, Refine— means there is a segment on so-called "humane meat."  This is an opportunity for discussion such as presented in this essay and this article.  Watch a 7 minute trailer and order a free DVD here.  Study guides for adults and youth are also available.
Food, Inc. 
91 minutes
 The word "vegetarianism" is never mentioned once in this Academy Award nominated documentary, even though it would be the solution to so many of the wrongs vividly exposed in the film.  This is an omnivore's view of the problem of our industrialized food system and its effect on our environment, health, economy, and workers' rights.   Nevertheless, its high production quality and exposé of factory farming and agribusiness make it worthy of inclusion on our list.  Through its broad commercial distribution and recognition, many people may have gotten their first inside view of what is involved in producing meat in America.
www.foodincmovie.com
Forks Over Knives 
Coming Summer 2010
 This feature film examines the profound claim that most, if not all, of the degenerative diseases that afflict us can be controlled, or even reversed, by rejecting our present menu of animal-based and processed foods.  The major storyline traces the personal journeys of two pioneering nutrition and health researchers, T. Colin Campbell PhD and Caldwell Esselstyn Jr, MD.  The idea of food as medicine is put to the test.  Throughout the film, cameras follow “reality patients” who have chronic conditions from heart disease to diabetes.  Doctors teach these patients how to adopt a whole foods plant-based diet as the primary approach to treat their ailments—while the challenges and triumphs of their journeys are revealed.  The film features many nutrition experts, and utilizes state of the art 3-D graphics and rare archival footage. 
forksoverknives.com
Mad Cowboy
58 minutes
 Based on the book Mad Cowboy: Plain Truth from the Cattle Rancher Who Won't Eat Meat, by Howard Lyman.  This is the story of the fourth generation cattle rancher and dairy farmer turned vegetarian and food safety activist who was co-defendant with Oprah Winfrey in the infamous "veggie libel" case brought by Texas ranchers.  Lyman uncovers the dangerous and potentially deadly practices of the cattle and dairy industry.  The film is a manifesto for change from an industry insider whose firsthand experiences may alter the way you think about your food, and the people who produce it.
www.madcowboy.com
Meat the Truth
73 minutes
 A Dutch-produced documentary, Meat the Truth is done in the style of Al Gore’s An Inconvenient Truth and presents the case for meat production’s impact on climate change.  It is a must-see companion film to An Inconvenient Truth, presenting the critical information omitted from the earlier film and contributing to societal discussion about movement towards plant-based diets and thus also a more humane society.
www.meatthetruth.com and www.meatthetruth.nl
Peaceable Kingdom: The Journey Home
78 minutes
 A story of transformation and healing, this film explores the awakening conscience of several people who grew up in traditional farming culture and who have now come to question the basic premises of their inherited way of life. With honest interviews and rare footage demonstrating the emotional lives and intense family bonds of animals most often viewed as living commodities, this groundbreaking documentary shatters stereotypical notions of farmers, farm life, and perhaps most surprisingly, farm animals themselves.
www.tribeofheart.org
Processed People
40 minutes
 ”Processed People features in-depth discussions with leading health and environmental experts/advocates detailing why so many of us are sick, and offers solutions to our current devastating health crisis. It features insightful interviews from nine preeminent health and environmental experts/advocates. They discuss how and why Americans got into this mess, and what we can do to break the ‘processed people’ cycle.  The DVD contains the full documentary (40 minutes) along with 140 additional minutes of extended personal interviews with the experts, plus another 25 minutes of special feature items.”
www.processedpeople.com
Seeing Through the Fence
83 minutes
 Through a series of humorous and poignant interviews conducted across the US and in Greece with “random people,” the documentarian’s family, and activists, Seeing Through the Fence explores our attitudes about the role of food in modern society and our connection, or lack of connection, with both the processes and animals from which our food originates, asking the question, “What prevents ethical principles from being advanced to action?”
www.porchlifeproductions.com
Sustainable Table
52 minutes
 Over nine months, Mischa Hedges and Digital Sense Productions traveled the west coast to learn more about our food system. During production, he found that the standard methods of producing food do not take environmental or human health costs into consideration. He also explored the many alternatives to the current agricultural system.  Includes interviews with Howard Lyman (Mad Cowboy) and Kenneth Williams (vegan bodybuilder).
www.sustainabletablemovie.com
The Animals Film
25th Anniversary Edition, 120 minutes
 “The most impressive film maudit, possibly too hot to handle, is Victor Schonfeld’s The Animals Film, a polemical onslaught, stuffed with footage never before shown, and a wealth of newly-shot material often taken undercover, which documents...mankind’s degradation, exploitation, and often pointless torture, of the creatures who share our planet... I do not know when I have come out of a screening so moved by the power of the cinema as a medium to transform the entire sensibility of an audience.”
www.victorschonfeld.com
The Emotional World of Farm Animals
53 minutes
 Aired nationally on PBS, this is a documentary for viewers of all ages about the thinking and feeling side of animals who are all too often just viewed as food.  Jeffrey Masson leads viewers through the personal journey he underwent while writing his book, The Pig Who Sang to The Moon.  This journey into the sentient, emotional lives of farm animals brings Masson to animal sanctuaries around the country where caregivers and the animals themselves tell their stories of rescue and escape.  Masson delves into the rich ancestry of these curious and intelligent animals and interviews top experts in animal behavior.  A 50 page study guide to accompany the film is also available.
www.AnimalPlace.org
The True Cost of Food
15 minutes, and a 7-minute abridged version; DVD or watch online
 Produced by The Sierra Club Sustainable Consumption Committee Mission, this film’s goal is to encourage people to think about the environmental impacts of their consumption choices by providing specific information.
www.sierraclub.org/truecostoffood  
The Witness
43 minutes
 “The Witness is one man’s truth that cries out for mass exposure… may be the most important and persuasive film about animals ever made.”
In this award-winning documentary, a construction contractor from a tough Brooklyn neighborhood explains how he feared and avoided animals for most of his life, until the love of a kitten opened his heart, inspiring him to rescue abandoned animals and bring his message of compassion to the streets of New York. With humor and sincerity, he tells the story of his remarkable change in consciousness.
www.witnessfilm.org
Earthlings
90 minutes
 Narrated by Joaquin Phoenix, music by Moby
Award-winning documentary film about the suffering of animals for food, fashion, pets, entertainment and medical research.  Caution: Content is graphic and disturbing throughout.
www.earthlings.com
, October 9th - begin planning for it, Happy Vegetarian Day, Week, Month, Life...! A little late to be reminding us, but we have from now through November 1st (International Vegan Day) to celebrate a series of vegetarian "events" (those we made up) and to great one another cheerfully, slap them on the back hard enough to dislodge any tofu caught in their throats, and to join ..., ..., ..., Research into regulation of the natural product reveals the presence of antibiotics in several brands, Making Vegan Friends LIST on Twitter, ..., ..., Are you looking to show off your vegan cred? Maybe do some vegan learning on your own time? , The petition commends HUHDS for its "efforts to create a more sustainable and thoughtful dining hall environment" and "general commitment to local, environmentally responsible cuisine."

But the amount of meat HUHDS serves undermines these efforts because it is detrimental to the environment, the petition says., Some of you recall the April Fool's day joke that circulated around the online vegetarian community that Barack Obama had gone vegan.  The photo of Our President hugging Dennis Kucinich was great, but ... it was ONLY for April 1st.

But this is for real, and the First Daughter from the Clinton Presidency has already gone vegan.  Now Bill, then Hillary...?, 
Encourage Your Non-Vegetarian Friends, Co-Workers and Family Members to Go Meat Free this October… and They Could Win Great Prizes!
, Track Hurricane Earl, ..., Repeatedly, commentators note that My Thai's food is GREAT (or really good), and when you visit Chinatown or ANY part of Boston, consider My Thai.  If you want to be quiet and left alone and never every rushed, THIS is the place (in Boston's Chinatown)!

Seating is MORE than VERY ample!, Gary Steiner argues that ethologists and philosophers in the analytic and continental traditions have largely failed to advance an adequate explanation of animal behavior. Critically engaging the positions of Marc Hauser, Daniel Dennett, Donald Davidson, John Searle, Martin Heidegger, and Hans-Georg Gadamer, among others, Steiner shows how the Western philosophical tradition has forced animals into human experiential categories in order to make sense of their cognitive abilities and moral status and how desperately we need a new approach to animal rights. 

Steiner rejects the traditional assumption that a lack of formal rationality confers an inferior moral status on animals vis-à-vis human beings. Instead, he offers an associationist view of animal cognition in which animals grasp and adapt to their environments without employing concepts or intentionality. Steiner challenges the standard assumption of liberal individualism according to which humans have no obligations of justice toward animals. Instead, he advocates a "cosmic holism" that attributes a moral status to animals equivalent to that of people. Arguing for a relationship of justice between humans and nature, Steiner emphasizes our kinship with animals and the fundamental moral obligations entailed by this kinship., Abolitionists dispute the widely-touted notion that welfare reforms can bring *meaningful* relief to animals.

Jason Largy will discuss this debate on Sunday afternoon at the Harvest Co-Op in Cambridge., ISSN 1677-2954 - http://goo.gl/JFY9 Rawls’ Legacy: A Limited Possibility of a Non-speciesist Environmental Justice, by Sônia T. Felipe, Brazil

We'll be at My Thai NEXT Saturday at lunchtime., ..., Luther Wright used to be a “vigilante vegetarian” in a garage punk band called The Mugworts.

“I was natural, healthy and totally angry,” he said.

The Mugworts wrote tunes like: I Love my Compost Heap, Life’s Much Sweeter as a Vegetable Eater. and The Meat Song.



Tragically, these songs are no longer available.  Just try to get them.  I'd LOVE to get copies of ALL their music.



Could anyone help us out?, FAN the Vegetarian Resource Center here on Facebook.  Facebook allows FANNING of VRC, and that FANNING puts WIND in the sails of VRC, so FAN VRC now..., ..., ..., ..., ..., Go vegan !!
For ALL the good reasons..., The Tiger ( 虎 ), is one of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar. The Year of the Tiger is associated with the earthly branch symbol 寅., Sunday is Asian New Year - Year of the Tiger - 看家     Years of the Tiger 1926, 1938, 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 [Multiples of 12] Tigers are most compatible with people born in the Year of the Horse, Dragon, and Dog. You like these folks or folks like this, they are going to be 12, 24, 36, 48, 60 this year., Tigers are sensitive, given to deep thinking, capable of great love.  They are bold andadventurous, self-initiating, charming, and extremely short-tempered. Although they command great respect, they sometimes come into conflict with older people or those in authority.  Indecisive at times, they can make poor, hasty decisions or goodones that come too late., Years of the Tiger 1926, 1938, 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010 [Multiples of 12 - You like these folks or folks like this, they are going to be 12, 24, 36, 48, 60 this year.], Sunday is Asian New Year - Year of the Tiger - 看家 So single folks with no valentines who feel left out - shouldn't - in Chinatown. In Boston, there's My Thai Vegan. People born the Year of the Tiger are deep thinkers, very sensitive, and can have great sympathy for others., Saturday was a GREAT day for Boston vegans; Thursday evening at 6:30 pm will be a great evening for Boston vegetarians (and vegans, since that's the kind of food they're GETTING at My Thai)., Looking forward to this month's Vegan Meetup and BVA meeting here at My Thai Saturday morning, 6 February: 11:30 am for the Vegan Meetup; then MOST of the rest of the afternoon for BVA-related events.   BVA members with membership ID card get 10% discount on all purchases., Looking forward to this month's Vegan Meetup and BVA meeting here at My Thai Saturday morning, 6 February: 11:30 am for the Vegan Meetup; then MOST of the rest of the afternoon for BVA-related events.   BVA members with membership ID card get 10% discount on all purchases., Looking forward to NEXT month's Vegan Meetup and BVA meeting here at My Thai:
11:30 am for the Vegan Meetup; then MOST of the rest of the afternoon there for BVA-related events., Boston Vegan Association was at My Thai Vegan Restaurant all afternoon Saturday, January 9th., The Boston Vegetarian Meetup holds its monthly meeting at My Thai on Thursday, January 14th, at 6:30 pm, Lunches are VERY quiet at My Thai in Boston, My Thai hosts today Saturday, January 2nd, the monthly all-vegan day in the large dining hall upstairs at 3 Beach Street, Chinatown. Everyone is welcome.  Begins at 11:30 am., Boston Vegan Meetup diners (1st Saturday of each month) in famed dining area at My Thai Vegan Cafe in Boston's Chinatown, 3 Beach Street Upstairs, Chinatown, Boston, MA 02111, The Vegan Meetup AND the Boston Vegan Association (BVA) together spend all day here in ONE half of the restaurant on the 1st Saturday of each month.  It's a great time for all, and the rest of the serving floor is available for walk-in customers.

Vegans!  Check out My Thai's monthly 'all vegan' day (1st Saturday of EACH month).
Everyone else: come in 'as you are' and dine on exciting food that for Asians is like 'home cooking' (and very pleasantly served in a cordial but hands-off setting).)