List(null, null, null, null, null, $3 Dos Equis Draft. 
Pacifico & Negro Modelo Buckets. 
Signature Margaritas.
$2 Tacos!, null, Join us for the 7th Annual Taste of Malden at the Malden YMCA Monday April 11th 6-8pm. Enjoy great food and drink from Malden's best restaurants!, null, Spring snow storms call for drink therapy! We've got you covered..., 4 Courses, 4 Beers, $40. Won't you celebrate National Beer Day with us?!, The Spring Menu at Ferry Street., Happy Easter! Join us for Brunch today!, Pina Colada Panna Cotta. The #Spring menu at Ferry Street., Excited for a full brunch tomorrow and lots of kids ready for the Egg hunt! Easter Brunch reservations are full. Walk in seating will be available at the bar., HUNGRY?, Grilled Pork Chop with Apricot Chutney. Whipped Potatoes, Grilled Asparagus. The first of many NEW #Spring Menu  dishes!, Easter Brunch & Egg Hunt, null, We hope you'll join us for our 2nd Annual #Kentuckyderby Party!, null, Easter Brunch and Egg Hunt, #Guinnessfest, HOORAY HOORAY It's GUINNESSFEST TODAY!, Thrilled to have this crew celebrating #Guinnessfest!, So close you can taste it..., Happy St. Patrick's Day! Stop in for Boiled dinner and plenty of the black stuff.  Come back for GUINNESSFEST this Saturday., Happy St. Patrick's Day! Join us for lunch., null, It's almost time..., Boiled dinner is here!, Summer says, "Don't forget to Spring Ahead!", Boiled dinner is back!, Great press keeps coming to Malden! Glad to be a part of it! #GOMALDEN, G-12 days! Count Down to GUINNESSFEST, You've been waiting all year...Boiled dinner is back starting March 9th., Poached Eggs with Cheddar Grits?...Brunch 12-4!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWC0sKCS5oA, Join us for the 7th Annual Taste of Malden at YMCA Malden! Vote for Ferry Street Food & Drink and help us defend our title of best taste!, Count Down to GUINNESSFEST!, null, null, We love special events! Closed for one this afternoon, please join us for dinner starting at 4pm! 

Interested in hosting your next event at Ferry Street? Email shannon@ferrystreetmalden.com to find out more!, Happy #Valentines, Happy #Singlesawarenessday, either way, will  you be our Valentine?, Baby it's cold outside...better warm up at Ferry Street., Join us tonight!, null, Closed for a private party this afternoon. Please join us for dinner and football tonight starting at 5!, null, null, null, Warm up with us Tonight! Come for $1 Oysters, stay for hearty dishes like the curry chicken pot pie, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, As a wise bartender once said..."You don't have to shovel rain". We agree! Come in from the rain and join us for Beer and Brunch 12-2:30pm today! We will be closing at 2:30 this afternoon for a private event., Honored by the mention BostonGlobe.com! Proud to be part of City of Malden (Official). And Congratulations also to our friends Sichuan Garden II at The Baldwin. 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2016/01/06/boston-best-new-restaurants/iUKnLurIMnyImFoZC66F3M/story.html?event=event25, Brunch, Beer, & The Winter Classic...Come on down! Happy New Year!, Hair of the dog...holiday hangover brunch starts in an hour., Have you made plans yet?, Spend New Year's Eve with Us!, No Crowds, No Cover, No Fuss, No crowds, no cover, no fuss! Dine this New Year's Eve with us! Then #recover on New Year's Day with #HOLIDAYHANGOVERBRUNCH!

Reservations recommended. Email jason@ferrystreetmalden.com., null, Because of the holiday season we will not be doing dollar oysters tonight but they will be back next Wednesday., Happy Holidays from Ferry Street!, Congratulations Notch Brewing!, Last night's power outage was unfortunate, but the good news is, you get $1 oysters again! We also just tapped one of the last kegs of Pretty Things Beer. Enjoy it while its lasts, 'cause once it's gone...it's gone., null, It's Wednesday, so that means $1 Oysters at Ferry Street! We also have some great new draft offerings from Kelsen, Kent Falls and SoMe Brewing We'll see you tonight!, Check out our most recent newsletter!, Have you seen our latest news?, In case you missed it!, null, Your Cyber Monday Restaurant Deals are Here!, Join us today for Craft Beer and Brunch!, Support Small Business Saturday Here!, Your Black Friday Ferry Street Deals are Here!, Sending thankful praise your way, Sending thankful praise your way, TONIGHT! Start your festivities with $1 oysters and Mayflower Brewing Company Thanksgiving Ale. #Thanksgivingeve, Start out the festivities with Thanksgiving Eve Oysters! $1 oysters tonight, while they last!!, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project we've enjoyed serving your beer to customers who have enjoyed it even more. We're sorry to see you go and wish the best in your new adventures., In Case You Missed It!, null, null, null, Meet Chef Jason! Thanks BostonChefs.com

http://www.bostonchefs.com/restaurant/ferry-street-food-drink/chef/jason-ladd/, Coming in this Friday Night Shift  Whirlpool and Viva Habanera!, Dollar oysters...we got those...until they run out., Our lineup for the Boston chefs photo shoot., Oh yeah! Brunch anyone? Saturday and Sunday 12-4., It's November 6th and the windows are OPEN!!!!! Get here tonight while it lasts!, Cocktail Special...Ginger Hub Punch. Oh, and dollar oysters are back tonight!, Summer says, "You look cold, warm up with a cocktail at my parents restaurant. And, oh yeah, don't forget to turn your clocks back.", KIDS EAT FREE, A break from bivalves today! Don't worry $1 oyster weds return next week! Meanwhile we hope you try some of our new fall flavors to tide you over., KIDS EAT FREE, A break from bivalves this wed. $1 Oyster Wednesday will return next week!! Meanwhile we have some fall flavors to tide (see what we did there :) you over., Have you seen our latest news?, Oh yeah! Brunch anyone? Saturday and Sunday 12-4., In case you missed it!, What are you having for dinner tonight? How about red with braised short rib with a side of pie?...Yeah. We've got that., No skimping on the candy in this Halloween candy cookie! Who wants some?! #cookiedough #halloween #candy, It's October 21 2015 so of course we will be showing back to the future tonight!, It's Wednesday... Do you know where your oysters are?, What are you having for dinner tonight?...

http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/food/, How about some Walkers Blood Punch? Perhaps a Zombie Brain Cocktail? Don't Miss TheWalkingDead Season Premiere Party at Ferry Street Food & Drink Tonight!, The Dead are coming... 

Season Premiere Party @ferrystreetmalden 10.11.15...if you dare!, Haven't tried our fall menu yet? Join us this weekend! www.ferrystreetmalden.com/food/ #fallforFerryStreet, Slow cooked boneless beef rib, green lentils, rainbow chard. #ferrystreetfall, Fall Menu is up! Check it out http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/food/, Sorry Folks. We will be closed this afternoon for a private event. We will reopen at 4pm. 

Didn't know we host events? Interested? Email shannon@ferrystreetmalden.com to find out more., Join Us Tonight! For Great Music and even Greater New Fall menu!  http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/new-events/2015/7/10/fiddle-friday-at-ferry-street, We're embracing Autumn! New Fall Menu is rolling out. Last chance for some of your favorites from the Summer Menu, First Chance to try new fall features., Thanks Idle Hands Craft Ales for celebrating at Ferry Street Food & Drink! It was wonderful having everyone over, we're so happy you are coming to town!, We are very excited to Welcome Idle Hands to Malden! Please join us tomorrow night to celebrate at Ferry Street Food & Drink & welcome our new neighbor! City of Malden (Official)Malden Chamber of CommerceMelrose Chamber of Commerce, null, Join us at Malden Chowderfest Tonight!, Have you checked this out?, THIRSTY THURSDAY! Join us Atria Maplewood Place tomorrow for this awesome Chowdah competition! Then keep the fun going Ferry Street Food & Drink with Stump Trivia, Thanks to everyone who stopped by the #victorianfair today! We're back and open for dinner. We'll see you soon., Closed for brunch today, join us at the Victorian Fair in Melrose! 11:30-4:30., In case you missed it!, Have you checked this out?, WELCOME BACK!, Hi Friends! Were sorry to say there is still an issue with our main phone line. We've been working with Verizon to get it resolved. In the meantime,  If you aren't able to call us please email Jason - jason@ferrystreetmalden.com., Verizon is working on the lines so we have no phone service tonight if you need to reach us you can send an email to jason@ferrystreetmalden.com, This week we have Hell or High Watermelon cans for 3 dollars and a Heradura Margarita for 9 dollars on special!, Salted Caramel cookie sandwich anyone?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Seems they've never been to Ferry Street Food & Drink! http://firstwefeast.com/eat/best-burgers-in-america-bucket-list/, Celebrate National Oyster Day, Today! $1 Oysters 5pm until they run out., National Oyster Day...$1 Oyster Day?! Can't be a coincidence., null, Congratulations to our friends Peak Organic Brewing for the great write up in BostonGlobe.com! Enjoy their delicious IPA with us and toast to life's "Peak" moments!!...or just to Thursday..., Some dishes have changed since the show. What is your favorite Ferry Street Food & Drink dish?, Are we serious?! Yuuuuup. S'mores Tart. This needs to happen, in your mouth., null, Enjoy City of Malden (Official)Summer Concert Series, then join Ferry Street Food & Drink for Dinner before or after the show!, Join Us for Fiddle Friday Tonight!, MONDAY FUNDAY! It's Monday and Yes, WE'RE OPEN! Come on by and say Hi., Thank you for the great review Phantom Gourmet!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbSugHfaVpQ, Trivia Tuesday Tonight! Starting a 8. Win some awesome prizes!, How about a little sweet corn panna cotta, pickled jalepeno relish & candied bacon? #Baconbeerfest, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Fiddle Friday  http://conta.cc/1MKnEHQ, Congratulations American Pharoah!! What a race! Thanks to everyone who joined us tonight., New dessert tonight. Strawberry Cheesecake!, 2nd Annual Belmont Bash! http://conta.cc/1cBUz4c, 2nd Annual Ferry Street Belmont Bash just 1 day away!, THIRSTY THURSDAY with Notch Brewing tonight!, null, Belmont Bash! http://conta.cc/1LOIEMr, null, Join us and 40 of our restaurant and brewery friends at @eatboston's 6th annual Bacon and Beer Festival on 6/20. http://www.wheretoeat.in/2015-boston-bacon-and-beer-festival/, FREE CAKE! http://conta.cc/1Sf0mho, null, What a difference a year makes! http://play.smilebox.com/SpreadMoreHappy/4e4445354e5445304e44413d0d0a, http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/05/19/mom-and-pop-malden/sEoukNIK05zZ6plkSBd86L/story.html, Look who came to visit. Preakness Party!, PINT Night! http://conta.cc/1K7kP5b, Don't miss PINT Night tomorrow with Cape Ann! On tap...Dead Eye Double IPA, Barrel Aged Stout, Fisherman's IPA, Fisherman's Ale, and a surprise limited addition brew! Cape Ann Brewing, Trivia Tuesday Tonight!, Haven't made reservations yet? We still have availability. (781)321-0265. Delicious food and a special gift for mom., null, null, Mother's Little Helper http://conta.cc/1c3AT9w, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We have plenty at Ferry Street! Mother's Day Brunch Reservations still available. Book now 781-321-0265.
http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/food/, The windows are open and we have Cinco de Mayo specials and trivia tonight!, Tonight for Cinco de Mayo we have 3$ Dos Equis on draft and 12$ buckets of Pacifico and Negra Modelo, Cinco de Mayo with Dos Equis & Trivia tonight!, A big THANKS to everyone who joined us for Derby Day! We hope your horses did better than ours :) Next up, The Preakness 

http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/new events/2015/5/16/preakness-party, Derby Day! http://conta.cc/1EYew2z, Summer's ready for the Derby! Are you?, Who are your picks? 

http://www.kentuckyderby.com/horses, There's always something happening at Ferry Street! Here's what's coming up., What would you pair with our Samoa cheesecake?, null, null, Derby Party! http://conta.cc/1JyWDbu, null, New Menu Items! Did you miss our Pate? It's Back! Check out some of our other new dishes. http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/food/, Don't miss trivia tonight starting at 8!, You Asked, We Listened http://conta.cc/1IKtsPj, null, You Asked, We Listened http://conta.cc/1Ggn1Gk, You asked, we listened. Trivia starts Tonight! Great prizes, free to play, bring a team of friends or make some new ones., null, A year ago we were doing this..., null, A Wonderful time at #tasteofmalden event last night! Thank you YMCA Malden for hosting and City of Malden (Official)& Malden Chamber of Commerce for having us. Congratulations to all the awesome area restaurants that participated., null, null, #tasteofmalden, null, We won best display and best taste at taste of Malden, thanks to everyone who voted for us!!!, Visit us this Monday at Taste of Malden!, We have Island Creek oysters tonight starting at 5, come early before we run out!, Congratulations to our friends Mystic Station! Happy Anniversary! It's been a long road, we'll be joining you soon :), null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Our's too. Let's Celebrate! #nationalbeerday, After almost a year, tonight is the first time someone stole a copper mug. To the last couple that just left, the mugs are not free. We bought each one of them and we don't have many, please bring it back., null, Easter Brunch & Egg Hunt http://conta.cc/1BXAaME, null, Thanks for the feature Malden Accesstv and Malden Chamber of Commerce along with our friends Mystic Station. We look forward to seeing you @ Taste of Malden! http://vp.telvue.com/preview?id=T01001&video=231532, null, null, null, null, null, A big thanks to Dining Playbook for the wonderful review!

http://nesn.com/2015/03/dining-playbook-review-ferry-street-food-drink-in-malden-mass/, Summer says "Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come to my mom & dad's restaurant for Boiled dinner. They won't let me eat the cabbage...", Thank you BostonGlobe.com, Leave the rainy day blues at home, come to Ferry Street and dance a happy jig!, Don't miss out!, This Saturday doors at noon. Irish breakfast 12-4, Boiled dinner served all day!, Thank you to everyone who joined us to support Malden's amazing artists tonight! We had a great time, hope you did too!, Tonight! Last chance to view their work and meet these amazing women!, A great time with great food and amazing local artists! Don't miss our showcase & reception this Thursday night!, GUINNESSFEST 2015 http://conta.cc/1C5xjrp, null, Boiled dinner starts tonight!  
**Limited time, get yours before it's gone!**, null, Being avid cyclists ourselves, we love how much support City of Malden (Official) and Bike to the Sea gives cyclists and businesses! Look for bike parking Ferry Street Food & Drinkthis spring!, Thanks @cityofmalden for your support!, null, Thanks to everyone who came out to support us tonight for the phantom gourmet filming, Phantom Gourmet at Ferry Street  http://conta.cc/17VpPca, null, Thank you for the wonderful article, Elizabeth! http://neighborhoodview.org/2015/02/23/maldens-chefs-ferry-street-food-drink-cycles-with-the-seasons/#comments, Forget the Cold, warm up tonight with us!, Celebrate National Margarita Day! Ferry Street Signature Rita, Sangriarita, Ciderrita, or perhaps a Passionrita!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZAuOkt8LbY, Yes, clearly there will be a celebration at Ferry Street!, null, null, Petite pots de creme for #maldenreads event tonight. @Cityofmalden, It's Ash Wednesday. It's $1 oyster Wednesday. Check out more delicious seafood and vegetarian items on our menu., French Quarter Cocktails!, null, Mardi Gras THIS Tuesday http://conta.cc/1yIe3YP, We've been so consumed with blizzards we almost forgot about hurricanes! Let John make yours THIS TUESDAY with Jason's Cajun cuisine, and of course Shannon's fabulous beignets. All you have to do to get our beads is show up ;), null, null, Don't be a blizzard Zombie, join us for drinks and dead tonight! Come early for dinner, stay for the show., We are happy to announce we are open for dinner and we will be showing the Walking Dead tonight at 9, Dollar oyster fans you're in for a treat because tonight they're island creek!, Despite continued issues stemming from the snow, we will be open for service today at 5pm. Please join us for $1 oysters and other menu favorites., How about roof issues..., Well, we are unfortunately forced to close...again, due to excessive snow on the roof which is causing multiple leaks in the restaurant. We are working diligently to remedy the situation and will be back up and running soon. Thank you for your patience and support., null, Heat Wave Predicted http://conta.cc/1vz75uA, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Good news folks! The leaks have stopped and we will be back in full operation tonight starting at 5 pm. We'll see you soon., Big thanks to the roofers for clearing this off the roof for us! Now were working on fixing the leaks and getting the kitchen back up. For now Bar's OPEN and $1 oysters are back!, Join us for the the Mid Season Premiere with a little Walkers Blood Punch! This Sunday at 9 The Walking Dead, #likeagirl
http://bostonchefs.com/restaurant/ferry-street-food-drink/chef/shannon-blake/, null, GAME DAY FAVORITES!, Or "Neat" at Ferry Street!, null, null, New on draft this week Mystic Descendant, Enlightenment Cosmos, and Idle Hands Patriarch., The best way to beat the cold is to feed the liver...We're open!, Checking out the delicious cocktails Sichuan Garden II at The Baldwin, Tonight for Idle Hands tap takeover we will have the Patriarch, Cognition, Things are Beautiful, Triplication, and the Enlightenment Cosmos., TONIGHT! Idle Hands Craft Ales, Beer, Bloodies, & Burgers http://conta.cc/1zxcuTM, $1 oysters are ready to go, we're just waiting on you. Come get 'em before they run out!, New on draft this week, Sam Adams Grumpy Monk and Baxter Tarnation, Don't Miss Idle Hands Craft Alestomorrow night! Drink Great Beer, Support a Local Brewer, and Add to your Glass Collection! What do you do with your Idle Hands?, null, null, null, null, null, Our Chief Arrffitect looking over the schematics., GO PATS!, AFC Championship today! Go Pats! Pregame with our Bloody Mary brunch from 12-4, stay for 1/2 priced burgers during the game. Kickoff at 6:30., House made linguine, milk braised pork shoulder, butternut squash., Tonight! Support a local brewery, enjoy some great beer & great food! Mystic Brewey Chelsea Ma Ferry Street Food & Drink, Tomorrow for pint night with Mystic we will have their table beer, descendant, saison, melisa, and vinland 3, Don't Miss Pint Night with Mystic Brewey Chelsea Ma, tomorrow night at Ferry Street! Support a local brewery, sample great beers, and get some free stuff!, Great time last night with Malden Chamber of Commerce!, Thanks to everyone who joined us tonight for Malden Chamber of Commerce BAH event! We loved hosting, and hope you enjoyed it too!, You know what's awesome? Saving money!, Pats. Today. 4:30. Halftime Hooch Cocktail. Today. 4:30. Coincidence? We think not., Pretty cool spot. But we think Ferry Street is the coziest bar in the "Boston Burbs" :), They say money can't buy you happiness, but in case it does, here's a great offer for you., null, null, null, We look forward to participating in this year's #BostonBakes for Breast Cancer Event! Bakes for Breast CancerBostonChefs.com, The weather outside is frightful, but the food at Ferry Street is so delightful..., City of Malden (Official)Malden Chamber of Commerce Thank you for welcoming us to Malden in 2014! We look forward to all that 2015 brings. http://www.smilebox.com/playBlog/4e4445354e5445304e44413d0d0a&blogview=true, New Year AND New Dishes! 

Chicken Liver Linguine, Butter Poached Lobster, Oysters Rockefeller, Winter Squash Bisque, "Illegal" Hot Chocolate...Oh yeah., Um...Lobster Eggs Benedict. Yep., Sneak Peek at tonight's Prix Fixe Menu! Reservations are closed but high tops are open for walk ins. Happy New Year!, To all our Friends, we look forward to celebrating with you tonight, and many more nights. Make a plan to get home safe. We'll see you soon!

T- Free after 8pm http://www.mbta.com/events/ 
Malden Taxi- (781)322-5050
Hugh O'Neill'sMystic Station, null, Take 2 of these and call usin the morning., If the Bumpuses dogs got your Turkey, join us at Ferry Street! Fa rah rah rah rah!, Enjoy a pint of the black stuff. Open at 4pm Christmas Eve and Christmas Day., Congratulations City of Malden (Official)! We're very excited for everything happening in the city. This is the place to be! 

http://patch.com/massachusetts/malden/state-gives-6-million-more-malden-center-redevelopment-plan-0?utm_source=alert-breakingnews&utm_medium=email&utm_term=politics&utm_campaign=alert, Could the rumors be true?...Is the rabbit coming back on the menu tomorrow?...Only one way to find out!, All small bites are half price from now until 7. Happy thirsty Thursday!, In light of today's news we thought these were in order. Come for $1 oysters, stay for Cuban Mojitos!, null, After a brief hiatus last week dollar oysters are back. Come get some before we run out!, null, null, Ferry Street Gift Cards Available! Now through New Years buy $25 in gift cards get $5 for yourself. Spend $50, get $10. Stop by or email Shannon- shannon@ferrystreetmalden.com. 
*Not valid for ecards., null, Mulled Wine, House made Eggnog, Classic Martini #festiveferrystreet, Ok, probably the best batch of bread pudding yet! Ginger croissant bread pudding to be exact...., null, Tonight with Clown Shoes Beer!, We have a large party coming in tonight so we will not have dollar oysters, but don't worry we are still open for walk ins and oysters will be back next Wednesday., Don't Miss Pint night with Clown Shoes Beer this Thursday!, Walking dead done until February :( but the Pats are on at 8:30 and the beer is cold. Stop by., null, Farewell to the 18th Amendment! Save the date to celebrate 82 years, December 5th, 2015!, Seats just opened up, so come on down! Celebrate Repeal Day! The band is jamming until 11:30!, SOLD OUT! We'll be closing at 6:30 tonight for our Repeal Party! Happy Repeal Day!, Something like...Joining us for a cocktail. Celebrate Repeal Day!
http://www.eventbrite.com/e/prohibition-repeal-party-tickets-14338618193?aff=eac2, We're continuing our food drive through the end of the week to donate for Bread of Life. Coming to the Repeal Day Celebration? Bring a canned food item and you'll be entered to win a Ferry Street Gift Card!, null, Thank you to everyone who joined in our holiday fun!, Let the countdown begin! 48hrs until our REPEAL DAY Celebration! Only a few tickets left, have you gotten yours yet?, Early Bird tickets are sold out! Event is 80% full, get your celebration ticket before they sell out too!, null, Did somebody say "pass the rolls?", At Ferry Street, we know how to do pie. Apple, Mapke Pumpkin, and Chocolate bourbon pecan will be waiting for you tomorrow. Happy Thanksgiving!, Just added Idle Hands Rosemary For Remembrance on tap., Just added Brooklyn Brown Ale on tap., Tonight. Only 2 episodes left!, null, To our smoking customers, this will affect our restaurant, since there are several entrances along our stretch it's a bit of a challenge. We're working together to designate a spot for you., Just a reminder, Friends, we are expecting 50 guests for an event tonight at 8pm. Stop by early for dinner before the crowd!, New this week to the draft menu Brooklyn Brown Ale and Idle Hands Rosemary for Remembrance, null, Don't miss Libations and Live Jazz with the Erik Van Dam Trio tonight!, null, Hello Friends, we have a large party coming in on Saturday at 8. To accommodate the group we've closed reservations. We will still be open for walk ins. Thanks!, Just sold out of the Dimples. Next up...On tap this Thursday!, null, #shoplocalmalden, The Erik Van Dam Trio is back this Friday for "Libations and Live Jazz"! See you there!, Don't miss Walking Dead viewing party tonight. Only 3 episodes left! Come early for dinner, show starts at 9!, Huge thanks to As You Like It Band for the amazing show tonight! Stay tuned for updates on the next performance!, Don't Miss As you like it band tonight!, null, Tickets On Sale Now!, We have dollar oysters tonight, come get some before we run out, Join us this Saturday for the As You Like It Band!

It's a party and As You Like It Band is bringing the good times and good tunes. Join us live, enjoy the food and feel the vibes. We will be covering the best from the 60's to present.

http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/new-events/, Come in tonight for our new Tuesday special 15 dollar burger and beer. Select draft and bottles only., Malden Chamber of Commerce Celebrate with us on Tuesday December 2nd at our very first "Cocktails and Christmas Tree lighting"! There will be music, hors d'oeuvres, & lots of cheer. Bring a donation for our canned food drive to benefit Bread of Life and be entered to win a Ferry Street gift card!, null, null, It's Sunday and that means bloody Mary's and brunch at Ferry Street!, Don't miss the award winning music of Thaddeus and John tonight! Full menu available, show starts at 8., New on draft this week Delirium Tremens, Stone Anniversary IPA, and 2 Roads No Limits Hefeweizen, http://www.cityofmalden.org/content/veterans-day-parade-and-memorial-service-tuesday-november-11-2014-900-am, null, Don't miss the award winning music of Thaddeus and John this Friday!, We want to host you! For 8 people or 80 we'll customize a special menu for your special event. Book your holiday event with us! Dates are filling up quickly, email shannon@ferrystreetmalden.com to reserve your date., Brrrr...It's snowing. That sucks. But bloody marys are good, come down and have one with brunch & we'll get through this together., Summer says, "You look cold, warm up with a cocktail at my parents restaurant. And, oh yeah, don't forget to turn your clocks back.", The perfect way to round out your Halloween weekend! Join us for Walking Dead Sunday night., Time to make the Marshmallows!  Getting ready for the Halloween Party., Join us for our Halloween Festivities this Friday!, Oysters & Bully Boy Distillers #hubpunch. Get here!, Bully Boy distillers and dollar oysters tonight, what more could you ask for?, Cocktails and dollar oysters this Wed with Bully Boy Distillers! Get here!, Bourbon Pecan Pies just out of the oven and Walking dead showing in 30 min. Head down for dessert and a show., Join us tomorrow night!, Don't miss the amazing music of the Erik Van Dam Trio. LIVE Tonight!, Brrrr, it's cold out there. Warm up in here with "Grandma's Quilt"-Jim Beam Fire, Spiced Pear, honey,cinnamon, cloves, null, Check out our Halloween Party on Boston Chef's! Space is limited so make your reservations soon to guarantee your spot for this awesome event! No cover, just great food & great fun., Now available on draft Ommegang 3 Philosophers!, null, Congratulations Haunt Jaunt'ers, you look great!, Don't miss Erik Van Dam Jazz Trio this Friday! New start time, 9pm., null, Try it with $1 Oysters at Ferry Street Wed 10/29!

http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/new-events/, null, Walking Dead viewing party tonight. If you missed last week's episode, we will be showing it at 8 followed by tonight's episode at 9pm. Enjoy a Zombie brain cocktail or Walker's Blood Punch!, null, null, null, null, Libations and Live Jazz can only be complimented with New Fall Cocktails! Try a 

"Grandma's Quilt"- Jim Beam Fire, Spiced Pear Liqueur, honey, cinnamon, cloves.

"Nor'Easter"- Dark rum, ginger beer, lime juice, simple syrup, mulled cider, tonic

"Brown Derby"- Rye, grapefruit, lime, honey, Angostura bitters

"Ferry Street Gin & Juice"- Wireworks gin, pomegranate, mulled cider, domaine de canton, ginger ale. 

MMMMMmmmmmmmm, Tonight...brave the weather and come watch your New England Patriots take on the Jets. Kickoff is at 8:30, we will be offering $.50 wings during the game as well as Bites 'n Flights all night (one complimentary bar appetizer with a beer flight purchase. 

Tomorrow night...live music starts at Ferry Street! We are proud to present The Erik Van Dam Trio starting at 8pm. See you soon., null, Thanks to everyone who joined us for a very successful and EPIC Walking Dead Premier! Join us for more Walking dead every Sunday Night, we'll save you a seat., We will not be serving food from 3 to 5 today so we can get ready for the Walking Dead premier tonight, Our fresh picked apples are tested by our top quality control specialist., Perhaps a trip to France is in order..., Thursday Night Football, Texans vs. Colts kickoff at 8:30. You know what goes great with football? Beer flights and free bar snacks, that's what. Come get some., Its Wednesday so that means $1 oysters at Ferry Street! Come and get 'em while they last., Our new special, hanger steak with sweet potato fries, 2 dollar carnitas tacos tonight and we also have a grilled hanger steak with sweet potato fries on special., Tonight's Market Catch is pan seared scallop with parsnip puree, local apples, and balsamic figs. Also tonight we will have $.50 wings during the Pats game. Kickoff is at 8:30, see you tonight., New Menu Items! Join us for brunch every Saturday & Sunday 12-4pm., Celebrate the return of the coupe with us. Perhaps a Ward 7 or a little French 75 will do the trick.

http://drink.bostonchefs.com/2014/10/02/the-return-of-the-coupe/, We are now serving brunch on Saturday as well as Sunday so now you have two chances to try the best brunch in town, Only a week away! http://www.bostonchefs.com/news/2014/10/2/walking-dead-premiere-party/, We want to say we knew you when...The live music series at Ferry Street is about to begin & we want you! 

We're looking for talented artists in Jazz, Bluegrass, blues, acoustic, how about a little Irish music session with brunch? And of course we need a great jazz band for our December 5th prohibition party. So, who's in?, Bites and flights tonight! We also have some new cocktails we've been perfecting coming soon!, Dollar oysters tonight, come get some before we run out!, null, And the answer is...YES., Did someone say Shrimp and Grits with poached eggs? Oh yeah...we've got that., We're now accepting reservations on Open Table! Book through this link or through our website www.ferrystreetmalden.com/reservations http://bit.ly/1yqUcTP, Tonight we have fried oysters, pork schnitzel, and clams and pasta on special come try them before they're gone!, null, Check Out our updated hours. Join us for dinner 6 nights a week, and brunch every weekend!

M- Closed 
T-Th- 5pm-12am 
Fri- 5pm-1am
Sat- 12pm-1am
Sun- 12pm-12am 

Same great specials! $2 Taco Tuesday. Buck a shuck Wed. Bites and flights Thurs. Brunch served 12pm-4pm every weekend! See you soon., The best bloody Mary in Malden, It's brunch time at Ferry Street and we will also be serving fifty cent wings during the Patriots game, Jack's Abby tap takeover!, Now you can find us and our event listings on Boston.com! Review us for a chance to win dinner for 2., Our market catch tonight is grilled swordfish with crispy potatoes, sauteed kale, oil cured olives , and lemon, null, This Thursday Jack's Abby takes over Ferry Street! Food, fun, giveaways, and most importantly...award winning beer. We'll see you there., null, We're very excited to be participating in this wonderful event. Enjoy the stroll then join us for a reception, wine tasting, and "Meet the Artist" Lisa L. Sears, On Thursday September 25th 5-8pm.  

http://malden.wickedlocal.com/article/20140913/NEWS/140918395, Remember that time you missed the salted caramel macaroons, and you were really upset, and didn't know how to go on without having that salty sweet deliciousness in your life...and then we made more, and again...you missed it and started questioning the meaning of life?

And just when you thought nothing could fill the void...the weather cooled, the heavens parted, and the sun shown through the windows on, on what? Could it be?!...Pumpkin Spice Macaroons. They're waiting to make you feel warm and fuzzy inside. We're closed tomorrow, come to Ferry Street today, feel warm and fuzzy inside., It's Sunday and that means brunch here at Ferry Street, and as a special treat we will also be serving fifty cent wings during the Patriots game!, Its beginning to feel like Fall so we are introducing some new menu items tonight! Come down and try one of our new features like Maple Pork Chop with parsnip & apple, Baked Raclette, or Beet Salad with warm goat cheese & pistachios. We look forward to serving you tonight., null, Season Premier Party Sunday October 12. 9pm!, Do you miss Tommy Doyles? Feel better at Ferry Street! Beer is cold, food is great and perhaps there will be a guest bartender appearance...
http://www.boston.com/news/2014/09/10/tommy-doyle-kendall-square-abruptly-shuttered-for-good-blame-the-owner/e6AadfuSvt0WGeAg55b75N/story.html?p1=Topofpage%3ACarousel_sub_headline, Tonight at Ferry Street...Thursday Night Football, Steelers vs. Ravens, kickoff at 8:25pm. Also tonight, Bites n Flights. Get one complimentary bar appetizer with purchase of a beer flight. See you soon!, This is what people have been saying about our burger! Mmm... This Is a Tasty Burger!: http://youtu.be/DzsjT3TiL9Q, Not only is tonight dollar oyster night we also have a braised chicken leg, steak tartare, and a pumpkin apple risotto on special, Tonight we have grilled chicken tacos for 2 dollar taco Tuesday and we also added Mayflower Autumn Wheat to our draft selection, null, Brunch and football is always a winning combination, Tonight's menu specials: Pemaquid oysters, Seared skate wing with shiitakes & wax beans, Rigatoni carbonara. Plus, Shannon whipped up a couple dessert specials: Chocolate truffle & peanut butter pie & warm bread pudding with caramel apples. See you tonight!, And for market catch tonight we have a pan seared skate wing with wild mushrooms and baby bok choy., Tonight we have a rigatoni carbonera on special and a few oysters left too!, The NFL kicks off tonight with the Packers and Seahawks, come watch the game and enjoy bites and flights. One free bar snack with the purchase of a beer flight!, It's Wednesday and that means...Buck a Shuck Oysters at Ferry Street. Tonight we will be featuring Pemaquids from Maine. We're also trying out some new fall menu items and tap offerings this week. We'll see you tonight., Tonight for 2 dollar taco Tuesday we have carnitas tacos!, If you're not here you're missing out, Bites & Flights tonight! Receive a complimentary bar snack with purchase of one of our beer flights, 3 samples of any of our beers on tap for $7. 

 Tonight's bar snack menu:       
 
Marinated Olives 
Spiced Pecans 
Salmon Rillettes 
Stuffed Jalapenos 
House Pate 
Soft Shell Tacos 

We hope to see you tonight!, Dollar Oysters tonight! Get here early before they run out, and they will run run out. Cheers!, Don't forget...$2 tacos starting at 5 pm today and every Tuesday. See you tonight!, Tired of Back to School shopping? Come on down tonight for some stress relief...of the liquid variety! Also Pats vs. Panthers will be on both TV's starting at 7:30. See you soon., All this week Sierra Nevada Pale Ale on draft for only 4 dollars!, Bites and flights starts in 30 minutes and ends at 7!, Tonight we have bites and flights! Order a beer flight and you get one free appetizer from our bar snacks menu, It's Wednesday so come and try some dollar oysters before we run out, Two dollar taco Tuesday is the best deal in town, 10 orders of Rabbit on the Menu tonight. 

http://thatcarguy.typepad.com/.a/6a0105355ab3fc970b01156fd530dc970c-pi, We have a new addition to our bottle selection, the one and only Shiner Bock, Come get it while it lasts, The braised rabbit is back but only for a limited time!, We have two new beers in this week Stone Go to I.P.A. on draft and Butternuts Pork Slap Pale Ale in a can, null, Its pouring outside with no end in site, but good news...we still have dollar oysters tonight! Try them with some great menu specials including: 
 
Fried Scallops with Old Bay Remoulade 
Seafood Risotto with Grilled Corn, Bacon and Caramelized Onions  
Braised Pork Tacos, Pico de Gallo, Citrus Crema, Pickled Jalapenos 

We hope to see you tonight!, Its Shark Week, so naturally we have shark tacos tonight for $2 Taco Tuesday starting at 5pm. See you then., Come try our new chocolate peanut butter cup dessert, The end of summer is nigh, preseason football starts tonight! Come watch the Pats vs. Redskins starting at 7:30. Come early to enjoy a complimentary bar snack from 5-7. See you tonight!, $2 Taco Tuesday continues this week starting at 5pm., Brrrrrunch, null, Pork Belly BLT back for Brunch tomorrow!, New to the can selection this week, 21st Amendment Brew Free or Die IPA, New to the draft list this week, Idle Hands Cotton and Clown Shoes Space Cake., Buck a shuck oysters commence in T-minus five minutes ago., New app special tonight pork belly confit with pineapple ,pickled scallion, honey drop peppers, and almond butter, Starting our week with $2 Tacos, served every Tuesday. Come on down tonight!, Brunch today 12-4, New Desserts- Peach Cobbler with house made ice cream, Coconut Cream Pie, and oh yeah...Chocolate Peanut butter cheesecake if that's your thing :), Complimentary bar snacks today, and every Thursday, from 5-7pm. We will see you tonight!, New on draft this week Shiner White Wing!, $2 Taco Tuesday! This week, grilled swordfish, cabbage slaw, citrus crema, pickled jalapenos., Good Luck to all our fans in Iowa this week. Have a great ride! We can't wait to here all about it when you get back...well...maybe not ALL about it ;), No that's not a misprint, It's a Pork Belly BLT on the brunch menu. Seriously. Sleep well, and when you wake up...we'll be here with awesome food for you., Remember that time we made salted caramel macaroons, and you missed it, and then you were sad? 

Come down, we have more salted caramel macaroons waiting for you. Don't miss out again!, Half day Friday? There's still plenty if time to join us for a late lunch and cocktail. And since you're here you might as well stay for dinner too., At Ferry Street it's the "Texas Mule"!, We're missing RAGBRAI this year to run the restaurant but we would love to meet local riders. Today through July 31st if you bring in a piece of RAGBRAI memorabilia (Jersey, koozy, etc) you'll receive a free appetizer, Karras loop patch- 10% off food, Mr. Pork Chop bandana or shirt- free pork tenderloin!, Come try our new specialty cocktail the mint berry fizz!, The clouds have broken and I even see signs of sunshine. Time for $1oysters. We are featuring Wiley Points from Maine tonight, It's Wednesday and you know what that means... dollar oysters from 5 until we run out., BRUNCH! If you're not here you're missing out. Also, Red Sox vs. Astros @ 1,   World Cup finals @ 3., Summer says have some Strawberry shortcake :), Brunch and Blues starts at noon! Biscuits and gravy, cured salmon with bagel chips, duck rillette baguette, and more. Plus, the best Bloody Marys in town., null, Tour de France coverage starts today!, Barbecue rained out? We got you covered, we're open 2-10., July 4th, we're open 2pm-10pm. Come on by., The air conditioning is working so come beat the heat while you watch the U.S. soccer team beat Belgium., Look what we picked for you today at Verrill Farm Try them over house made french vanilla ice cream, in our strawberry mojito, or prosecco, New Menu Items! 
Apps-Texas Style Chili, Wedge Salad.
Entrees- Summer Vegetable Risotto, Smoked Chicken Sandwich. 

"A bowl full of Cherry Desserts!" Cherry Cobbler, Cherry Cheesecake, Cherries Jubilee over ice cream. Not very into cherry? How about a 'Maine Root' Root Beer Float?

Feature Wine- Urban Riesling
New beverage- Down East Cider 
Feature Cocktail- Yellow Rose 
Feature Draft- Idle Hands Patriarch, null, Its beautiful outside so come grab a seat at one of our open windows., Ask and you shall receive, we are now serving Down East cider, http://www.boston.com/business/news/2014/06/26/new-restaurants-check-out-this-summer/zPBqc4k2FCSDDmAeSj23JN/pictures.html?hootPostID=be83844b8350523fe5d369dba4c011cd#slide-7, New this week to the draft list, Idle Hands Patriarch and Smuttynose Summer Weizen., Join us for an amazing brunch tomorrow! 12-4. We'll have the Bloody Marys ready., Tonight's Special, Grilled spiced shrimp with pepper melon, baby kale, cherries, and candied pecans.  Try it with a $5 Anchor Steam., Wednesdays at Ferry Street, Its hot out there, try one of our refreshing summer cocktails. Hemingway Daiquiri, Bee's Knees, The Retriever., World Cup action shown daily at Ferry Street Food & Drink., Buck a shuck oysters continues tomorrow evening; get here early they went fast last week!, Angel food cake with lemon cream and fresh blueberries marinated in honey, lemon, & mint. 

Also blueberry cobbler and root beer floats on this beautiful father's day!, This Sunday join us for the kick-off of our weekly brunch menu. Oh, and our Bloody Mary's are fantastic., Coming soon...Beer flights, Our custom cocktail menus are in., Thirsty Thursday, The market catch today is fish and chips. Cornmeal crusted trout, old bay steak fries,  and homemade slaw., They're here! Supply is limited so come get some before we run out!, Today's market catch is shrimp and grits, Tomorrow night, and possibly continuing every Wednesday, we will have buck a shuck oysters., Ferry Street Fact. Did you know we compost all of our food waste?, It got a little warm in here yesterday, these babies should fix that., Pulled pork sandwich with slaw and pickles., Lunch is served. Duck Confit with French Breakfast Radish, Favas, Pea Greens., What a wonderful turnout for our Belmont Party! Thank you to everyone who came out, and for bearing with us through a couple hiccups. You are the best!, Don't forget about our Belmont party starting today at 4!, Join Us for Negroni Week! From now through Sunday June 8th for every Negroni ordered we'll donate $1.00 to the East Coast Greenway Alliance #NegroniWeek, Test for Saturday's feature cocktail, our version of the Belmont Breeze., Tonight's market catch. Pan seared scallops with potato, bacon, and english peas in a white wine reduction., null, Who's ready for our Triple Crown Party on Saturday?! We're creating the menu, what would you like to eat?, Tonight Coconut Macaroons..., If you weren't here tonight you missed salted caramel macaroons..., Anglaise ready for the ice cream maker...house made ice cream for your cookie anyone?, Tonight's specials., null, Mystic beer looks better in a Mystic glass and it goes great with our house burger too., Another batch of Pots de Creme headed into the cooler..., Its cold outside so come warm up with our fish tacos., null, We are open for lunch today!, null, Come on in, we'll save you a seat., It may not feel like summer yet, but we're going to pretend that it does. We are featuring a special Memorial Day cookout style menu this evening with special on Troegs Summer Pilsner., Soft opening tonight!, We look forward to serving you., We had some Pots de Creme base left over in the test kitchen. Wondered if it would make good ice cream...It does., Opening a restaurant is hard work..., Summer says Hi., Starting to come together., Cocktail Training in the midst of floor dust., OK FB peeps, we need to find patio umbrellas 9ft high by 3 ft wide, black. 3 ft wide is the issue, looks like they will have to be custom made. Anyone know a guy who knows a guy?..., null, Starting the floors..., Before and After front., null, Sign is up, green and orange windows are down!, http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/dining_news/2014/04/diverse_dining_scene_flourishes_in_malden, The new door is in!, Do you like our new Speakeasy door? It's pretty awesome., Ready for a new Sign, Custom Columns and Bar Refinishing. Thanks Chris!, Menu is posted! Getting hungry?

http://www.ferrystreetmalden.com/food/, The copper mugs are in!, Bye bye Shamrocks., Primer. Looking better already!, Congratulations to our friends at Jack's Abby! We're proud to be serving your award winning brew., Old sign down, prepping for paint., Kitchen is getting prepped for a new floor and FRP, So much room for activities!, null, No more ducking to go down the stairs!, The Bar Menu is finalized! Check it out.
https://jason-ladd-gwuq.squarespace.com/drink/

, Day 2, Outside "before" pics, Renovation, Cleaning, More before pictures, "Before" pics...stay tuned for updates!, null)