List(Which roll do you like?
a.Spicy Tuna Roll
b.Salmon & Avocado Roll
c.Shrimp Tempura Roll
d.Eel & Avocado Roll, Chinese food and Japanese food
  Like China, for over 2000 years, rice has been the most important food in Japanese cuisine. Despite changes in eating patterns over the last few decades and slowly decreasing rice consumption in recent years, rice remains one of the most important ingredients in Japan today, and can be found in numerous dishes. For example, a bowl of plain cooked rice is served with most Chinese and Japanese meals, but in Japan it is sometimes mixed with a raw egg and soya sauce and in China it seldom adds any condiment. Another famous rice dishes in Japan is undoubtedly Sushi. Sushi can be defined as a dish which contains sushi rice, cooked rice that is prepared with sushi vinegar. Similar to Sushi, Onigiri are rice balls made of cooked rice and usually wrapped in nori seaweed. They are slightly salted and often contain some additional food in the center. In China, there is also a kind of snack food called Fan Tuan and often served as breakfast. It’s usually made sweet. Both in China and Japan, rice balls are a popular and inexpensive snack available at convenience stores. Fried rice in Japan has been originally introduced from China, too. A variety of additional ingredients such as peas, egg, leek and small pieces of carrot and pork are mixed into the rice when stir fried. It is a suitable dish for using left over rice., How about try Teriyaki Chicken with rice as lunch today? :), Fun facts about sushi and Japanese food
 
Japanese cultures have evolved greatly over time with influences from all over the world. The culture is not only about dedicated cultural members practicing traditions, but it brings some amazing food to the table. What does this mean? It means that you can experience the lifestyle of Japan without even having to be in Japan. Below are some fun facts about sushi and Japanese food to teach you some more whilst on your journey of exploration.
Like a samurai, the blade of a professional sushi chef’s knives must be re-sharpened every day. This is especially important when working with sashimi – raw, thinly sliced fish., null, Have you tried our dragon roll?Do you like it? or Which roll is your favorite?, How about have Avocado Salad +Tuna Roll+ Eel & Avocado Roll as today's dinner? :), null, How many Asian Vegetables have you tried?, Soba served in a soup (usually the hot ones) are enjoyed by using your chopsticks to lead the noodles into your mouth while making a slurping sound. The slurping enhances the flavors and helps cool down the hot noodles as they enter your mouth. The broth is drunk directly from the bowl, eliminating the need for a spoon. It is not considered rude to leave some unfinished soup in the bowl at the end of the meal., Japan is presented to the American public as a nation benefitting from all the dietary paradigms deemed politically correct. Their diet is low in fat, high in carbohydrates, devoid of dairy foods and rich in soy foods, we are told, and for this reason the Japanese enjoy the longest life-span in the world, with much lower rates of heart disease, osteoporosis, breast and prostate cancer than the US.

These are partial truths and the relationship between diet and disease in Japan is more complex than we are led to believe. Close examination of the traditional Japanese diet proves that, although very different from Western diets, Japanese cuisine embodies all the principles of nourishing traditional foodways. It is rich in fat-soluble vitamins from seafood and organ meats and in minerals from fish broth, and contains plenty of lacto-fermented foods. Japanese preparation techniques eliminate most of the antinutrients in grains and legumes. As long as the Japanese get enough to eat, their diet is a healthy diet in surprising ways., The Mid-Autumn Festival is named Tsukimi (月見) or Otsukimi (literally means moon-viewing) in Japan. The Japanese make steamed buns, gnocchi (soft dough balls), rice cakes, and bread from newly-ripe taro, sweet potatoes, oriental giant radish, and beans. They put them on a table in their yards together with fruits, such as apples, pears, and persimmons. Lanterns also decorate their yards, adding much luster to the festival., Have you tried Yakizakana?
Yakizakana means grilled fish. Many varieties of fish are enjoyed in this way, including mackerel (saba), salmon (sake), mackerel pike (sanma), horse mackerel (aji), Okhotsk atka mackerel (hokke), sea bream (tai) and sweetfish (ayu)., Japan's Food
Rice is an important crop in Japan. Farmers grow crops on terraced fields since the land is so mountainous.
Rice is served at almost every meal in Japan. Another staple is fish, which is the main source of protein. A popular dish is sushi, which is rice and raw fish wrapped in sea weed., OYAKODON
Japanese is a poetic language, there’s a story behind their words, and often hidden meanings in names or characters. This dish, oyakodon, is a great example. The two main ingredients are chicken and egg and the ‘oyako’ in the name reflects that – it means ‘parent and child’. It’s a beautifully-artistic name for a dish that is pretty simple and crude.
The meal consists of a big bowl of white rice with a particular mix of ingredients put on top. The typical ingredients are chicken, onion and egg which are all simmered in a broth. Sometimes other foods are included – but those three things are the basics.
One of the interesting things about oyakodon is that the mix of simmering ingredients is poured over the rice before the egg has completely cooked. It’s the heat from the freshly-cooked white rice that finishes the job and helps the egg mixture to solidify., Similar to samurai swords, the blade of a professional sushi chef’s knife must be re-sharpened every day. This is especially important when working with sashimi—raw, thinly sliced fish., Dragon Roll Recipe
Ingredients
• About 6 cups prepared sushi rice
• 1 Japanese cucumber
• 4 avocados
• ½ lemon
• 4 nori sheets, cut in half crosswise
• 16 shrimp tempura* (See the recipe here)
• ⅛ cup (20oz) Tobiko
• Unagi (eel) - optional
For toppings
• Spicy Mayo (recipe here)
• Unagi Sauce (recipe here)
• Black sesame seeds (optional)
Vinegar water for dipping hands (Tezu)
• ¼ cup water
• 2 tsp. rice vinegar
Things you will need
• Bamboo sushi mat
• Plastic wrap
Instructions
1.Cut cucumber lengthwise into thin strips.
2. Cut the avocado in half lengthwise around the seed and twist the two halves until they separate. Hack the knife edge into the pit. Hold the skin of the avocado with the other hand and twist in counter directions. The pit will come out smoothly.
3. Remove the skin and slice the avocado widthwise with the tip of knife.
4.Gently press the avocado slices with your fingers and then keep pressing gently and evenly with the side of knife until the length of avocado is about the length of sushi roll (length of nori seaweed). Squeeze lemon over the avocado to prevent from changing color.
5.Wrap the bamboo mat with plastic wrap and place half of the nori sheet, shiny side down. Dip your hands in tezu (vinegar water) and spread the rice over the nori sheet.
6.Turn it over and put the shrimp tempura, cucumber strips, and tobiko at the bottom end of the nori sheet. If you like to put unagi, place inside here as well.
7.From the bottom end, start rolling nori sheet over the filling tightly and firmly with bamboo mat until the bottom end reaches the nori sheet. Lift the bamboo mat and roll over.
8.Place the bamboo mat over the roll and tightly squeeze the roll.
9.Using the side of knife, place the avocado on top of the roll.
10.Place plastic wrap over the roll and then put bamboo mat over. Tightly squeeze the roll until the avocado slices wrap around the sushi. Be gentle so you won’t break the avocado slices.
11.Cut the roll into 8 pieces with knife. Clean knife with wet towel after each cut. Remove the plastic wrap on top of the sushi and transfer to a serving plate.
12.Put tobiko on top and drizzle spicy mayo and unagi sauce. Sprinkle black sesame seeds if you like. Enjoy!, “People who love to eat are always the best people.” --Julia Child
Our customers are all the best people, no matter how much they love to eat!, null, Did you know nearly 80% of all Bluefin Tuna caught are used to make sushi and sashimi?, Horse and Whale meat are both easily available in Japan. Octopus, squid, jellyfish and other SEAFOOD are very popular., “A recipe has no soul. You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.” --Thomas Keller
Our cooks always bring soul to our recipe. Come in today for the most tasty food in the city!, Today’s sushi began as a type of fast food—the 19th century Japanese equivalent of a McDonald’s drive-thru., Japanese Creative Food Art, The Japanese often eat sashimi as the first course and then move onto sushi., Inside-out rolls are the mainstay of American sushi—and are an American invention. They didn’t exist in Japan until recently, when they were imported from the United States., Sushi masters believe that you eat with your mouth and your eyes, which is why they work so hard on the presentation., Japanese food is not limited to sushi and sashimi. Other tasty dishes include teppanyaki, tempura and teriyaki!, Sushi chefs consider making perfect sushi rice an art. It will be slightly sticky to the touch when perfectly cooked., null, The first International Sushi Day was June 18, 2009; a world-wide celebration of Japanese food!, It would be criminal to pass on a dish this delicious. Come on in today!, If the type of sushi precedes the word, sushi mutates to zushi. For instance, maki is maki-zushi; nigiri is nigiri-zushi., "Better to be deprived of food for three days than tea for one." --Ancient Proverb
Have you been deprived of tea lately? Come into our restaurant and enjoy freshly prepared tea today!, “Food is our common ground, a universal experience.” --James Beard
Food is what brings us together. Let’s celebrate our delicious common ground together—come in to our restaurant today!, null, Foods taste best when in season!, In the mood for something healthy? We've got several healthy, delicious dishes to choose from. Come in today and check them out!, null, Come celebrate summer with us. Visit us today!, “Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.” --Hippocrates
We’re not saying that our food will cure you of your sickness, but it’ll definitely make you feel better., Fun fact of the day: For centuries using knives and forks at the table were unsuitable because these instruments were regarded as weapons., “A recipe has no soul. You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.” --Thomas Keller
Our cooks always bring soul to our recipe. Come in today for the most tasty food in the city!, Did you know? Nearly three million tons of tea are produced worldwide., “You can’t buy happiness, but you can buy sushi, which is kind of the same thing.”
Come into Blue Fuji Restaurant for happiness and awesome sushi!, null, “The preparation of good food is merely another expression of art, one of the joys of civilized living…” 
― Dione Lucas, Have you tried Salmon Teriyaki with Vegetable and Rice? How do you like it?, Have you tried our Hibachi Chicken?, null, Fun fact of the day: fortune cookies are an adaption of a Japanese recipe, and originated in America!, Did you know the Egg Roll is the American version of the Spring Roll? They are also larger than their Chinese counterparts., Japanese Finger Food Recipes
Avocado Canapé
Ingredients:
1/2 ripe avocado
50 g French bread
1 teaspoon soy sauce
Step 1:
Cut the avocado into 1 cm. cubes. Add soy sauce and mix in a bowl.
Step 2:
Slice the French bread into 1 cm. thick widths and toast in an oven toaster. Place the avocado mixture on the French bread., Recipes: 30 Minutes Or Less
Baked Tonkatsu
Ingredients
¾ cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)
1 Tbsp. olive oil
2 pieces pork loin (1/2 lb ,226 g), ½ inch (1.2 cm) thickness
1 tsp. salt
Freshly ground black pepper
2 Tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 large egg
Tonkatsu Sauce (or Make homemade Tonkatsu Sauce)
1 Tbsp. black and/or white sesame seeds
Instructions
1. Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 400F (200C). Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.
2. Combine the panko and oil in a frying pan and toast over medium heat until golden brown. Transfer panko into a shallow dish and allow to cool.
3. Get rid of the extra fat and make a couple of slits on the copnnective tissue between the meat and fat. The reason why you do this is that red meat and fat have different elasticity, and when they are cooked they will shrink and expand at different rates. This will allow Tonkatus to stay nice and flat and prevent Tonkatsu from curling up.

Pound the meat with a meat pounder, or if you don’t have one then just use the back of knife to pound. Mold the extended meat back into original shape with your hands.
Sprinkle salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Dredge each pork piece in the flour to coat completely and pat off the excess flour. Then dip into the beaten egg and finally coat with the toasted panko. Press on the panko flakes to make sure they adhere to the pork.
Place the pork on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the pork is no longer pink inside, about 20 minutes.
Cut Tonkatsu into 1 inch pieces (so you can eat with chopsticks) by pressing the knife directly down instead of moving back and forth. This way the panko will not come off. Transfer to a plate and serve immediately.
To make special sesame tonkatsu sauce, grind black and white sesame seeds in a mortor and add tonkatsu sauce. Mix all together., We will offer special food for all mothers at mother's day! :), Sous Vide Chicken Teriyaki
Ingredients
1 chicken breast - skinless boneless
1/2 teaspoon ginger juice
1 teaspoon sugar - unrefined
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoon sugar - unrefined
2 tablespoon soy sauce
2 tablespoon sake
Servings:  breast
Units: 
Instructions
Dry the chicken with a paper towel and then coat with the ginger juice. Mix the sugar and salt in a small bowl and sprinkle on both sides of the chicken.
Place the chicken in a vacuum bag and seal. It's best to let the chicken marinate overnight but you can also cook it right away.
Heat a water bath to 140 degrees F (60 C). Drop the bagged chicken in the water and cook sous vide for 1 hour 30 minutes.
When the chicken is done, remove it from the bag, dry the surface with a paper towel, and place the chicken on a heatproof surface.
In a small saucepan, combine the remaining sugar, soy sauce and sake. Bring to a boil and boil until the sauce is thick, forming large shiny bubbles.
Drizzle half the sauce onto the chicken and quickly torch the glaze until it has caramelized into a rich mahogany color. If you don't have a torch, you can put the chicken directly under the heating element of a broiler set to high.
7. Slice the chicken and drizzle with the remaining sauce., There are five classic styles of Chinese cooking namely Beijing, Cantonese, Hunan, Sichuan and Fujian. All differ in taste and style., The history of sushi is a long and fascinating one, going back centuries into Early Asian History.Over 2,000 years ago, the first “sushi” was conceived, and its preparation scarcely resembles what it is today.  Nare-zushi , as it was referred to, was the first step in the long lineage of sushi. At this point in time, caught fish were preserved and packed by pressing them in salt and rice. Over time, the proteins of the fish broke down and the natural fermentation process began. It would take months before the process was complete, but the result was worth it. People were left with beautifully fermented fish, and then would throw away the remaining rice, The typical Japanese meal consists of a bowl of rice (gohan), a bowl of miso soup (miso shiru), pickled vegetables (tsukemono) and fish or meat. While rice is the staple food, several kinds of noodles (udon, soba and ramen) are cheap and very popular for light meals. As an island nation, the Japanese take great pride in their seafood. A wide variety of fish, squid, octopus, eel, and shellfish appear in all kinds of dishes from sushi to tempura., Sashimi vs Sushi
Contrary to popular opinion, sushi does not mean raw fish. In some countries, the terms sashimi and sushi are used interchangeably. But sashimi is sliced raw meat (usually fish like salmon or tuna) and sushi is a vinegared rice preparation that can have a variety of toppings. In essence, sushi is a combination of rice and sashimi and it does not necessarily have to be raw fish., null, null, null, Are you struggling what for lunch/dinner today? 
How about try our Yaki Udon? :)
Pan fried thick noodles with vegetable and chicken, beef or shrimp., Salmon Sashimi + Seafood Ramen for Lunch?, Onigiri
This is a popular snack which is quick to make. It consists of balls of rice often wrapped in sheets of dried nori seaweed. In the centre is a marinated plum or other tasty filling., ***Lunch Box***
(w.organic house salad)
(11:30am - 3:00pm) with miso soup and organic rice
(for sashimi only), Fun Fact: Chinese do not like using knives and forks while eating because they believe these are weapons. That is why most of their dishes use boneless meat and chopped vegetables., Enjoy a delicious meal with your family today from Blue Fuji Restaurant!, FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Chop Suey is an almost entirely American invention. It was born in California and translates to "odds and ends" -- basically, it was a bunch of foods thrown together in a pinch, and ended up becoming one of the most popular dishes of all time!, Fun Food Fact: Chinese food uses a lot of rice and includes no dairy products!, Let your food be your medicine and your medicine be your food. ~Hippocrates, How-To: Four Ways to Debone a Chicken Wing, Japanese Chicken Wings
Ingredients
3 pounds chicken wings
1 cup butter
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 cup all-purpose flour for coating
3 tablespoons soy sauce
3 tablespoons water
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup white vinegar
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder, or to taste
1 teaspoon salt

Directions
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
2. Cut wings in half, dip in egg and coat with flour.
3. Heat butter in a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Fry wings until deep brown. Place in a shallow roasting pan.
4. In a small bowl combine soy sauce, water, sugar, vinegar, garlic powder and salt. Pour over wings.
5. Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, basting wings with sauce often., null, Chopsticks 101! It's not as hard as you think. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8mw8SWS5nM&noredirect=1, Treat yourself to some Delicious Sush at Blue Fuji Restauranti TODAY!!!, How many following dishes did you already try? 
A. Seaweed Salad
B. Miso Soup
C. Scallops Hokkaiyaki
D. Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura, What is your favorite dish?
A. Sashimi Combo
B. Sushi Combo
C. Special Roll
D. Teppanyaki Combo, null, "If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." --J. R. R. Tolkien
Help make the world a merrier one by stopping in to Blue Fuji Restaurant for great food, cheer, and song today!, Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura 
Ingredients 
3 cups flour
1½ cups cornstarch
1½ cups crushed ice
3 eggs
a pinch of salt
4 thin slices of carrot
1 zucchini, sliced
2 whole green onions
1 sweet potato, sliced
2 shiitake mushroom caps
4 large tail-on shrimp, peeled and deveined
2 tablespoons flour
3 cups oil

Dipping sauce 
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1½ teaspoon sherry
1½ teaspoon rice wine vinegar
1 tablespoon green onions, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon water, null, Are you ready for Valentine’s Day?, null, Are you struggling what for dinner tonight? Would you like to try our fried rice? We offer 

                                                        Small   Large
Fried Rice with:   ............................ $5.75  $8.75
pork, chicken, beef, shrimp or vegetable
Fried Brown Rice with   ................... $6.75  $9.95
pork, chicken, beef, shrimp or vegetable
Fried Healthy Multigrain Rice with ....... $6.95 $10.95
pork, chicken, beef, shrimp or vegetable
House Fried Rice with: ..................... $6.75  $10.95
White rice, brown rice or Multigrain rice.
Jasmine White Rice  ..............         $2.25    $4.95
Brown Rice  .............. $3.25  $5.95
Healthy Multigrain Rice  .......... $4.95  $7.95, The grilled eel on rice, especially when the soft, slightly chewy eel has been grilled well so that the edges are just a little bit crisp and the sweet glaze is caramelised. Have you tried?, Japanese food has a reputation for being very healthy, null, What animal are you?
In Chinese astrology, each year is named after an animal
Animal Astrology 
1996, 2008, 2020 – Year of the Rat
Rats are ambitious and very focused on their goals, but they are also fun and love gossip.
1985, 1997, 2009 – Year of the Ox
Oxen are loyal, dependable, determined, and perhaps a bit stubborn.
1986, 1998, 2010- Year of the Tiger
Tigers fight tooth and claw for what they want- but they also have a sensitive side.
1987, 1999, 2011 – Year of the Rabbit
Rabbits are diplomatic, honest, kind, and stick to agreements.
1988, 2000, 2012 – Year of the Dragon
Dragons bring good luck – so it’s great to have one as your friend.
1989, 2001, 2013 – Year of the Snake
Snakes are lovely, charming and perceptive.
1990, 2002, 2014 – Year of the Horse
Horses are bursting with energy and fun.
1991, 2003, 2015 – Year of the Sheep (Goat)
Sheep love a quiet life, and are peaceful easy-going souls.
1992, 2004, 2016 – Year of the Monkey
Monkeys are lively, clever and full of pranks.
1993, 2005, 2017 – Year of the Rooster
Roosters are extrovert and love to strut their stuff.
1994, 2006, 2018 – Year of the Dog
Dogs are kind, loyal, loving, and good listeners.
1995, 2007, 2019 – Year of the Pig
Pigs are great fun, really enjoy life, and love their friends and family., null, Welcome to Blue Fuji Restaurant to enjoy your dinner :), Udon Noodles are thick, wheat-flour noodles and are very popular in Japanese cuisine. Udon was first introduced to the Japanese by the Buddhist priest Kukai around the 9th century A.D. These noodles can be either square or round and they puff up when cooked much like Italian noodles, giving them a uniquely soft yet dense texture., Would you like to have fried rice as your lunch?, Cute Sushi Panda :), null, Enjoy your lunch and dinner at Blue Fuji Restaurant!, In general I love to eat anything.
I enjoy anything that is well prepared,
a good spaghetti, lasagna, taco, steak,
sushi, refried beans.
- Martin Yan, “Food is our common ground, a universal experience.” --James Beard
Food is what brings us together. Let’s celebrate our delicious common ground together—come in to Blue Fuji Restaurant today!, Sushi masters believe that you eat with your mouth and your eyes, which is why they work so hard on the presentation., Homemade sushi rolls, null, null, Here is a wishing that the coming year is a glorious one that rewards all your future endeavors with success!, Crab season again!! Let's hangout and enjoy delicious crab recipes!! Here's some suggestion for your wonderful dinner. 

Appetizer:  Scallop Hokkaiyahi
Salad: Spicy Seafood Salad
Entree: Sushi cook combo

Let's have fun! Let's eat crabs!, Did you receive Santa's gift? :), Happy Christmas Eve :), Hard boiled eggs cut in half and decorated with star made of pepper is a wonderful appetizer. This egg shaped into Christmas tree completes your Christmas party foods., Which one is your favorite? or All :), A healthy Christmas Tree:), null, null, String cheese Snowmen make a healthy and adorable snack!, null, Are you ready for Christmas? :) Make your own Reindeer?, Check out our video on Youtube~, What a glorious salad! I love all the flavors that are pulled together and the vinaigrette. Do you love it?, How is your Monday? Let's get a Rubber Duck Plate tonight!~, Could you tell us What Your Favorite Cuisine is?, Do you know which year our restaurant opened?, 5 food are good for losing weight:
1. Beans
Beans are a great source of protein. Beans are also high in fiber and slow to digest. That helps you feel full longer, which may stop you from eating more.
2. Dark Chocolate
Want to enjoy chocolate between m...eals? Pick a square or two of dark over the milky version. In a Copenhagen study, chocolate lovers who were given dark chocolate ate 15% less pizza a few hours later than those who had eaten milk chocolate.
3. Pureed Vegetables
You can add more veggies to your diet, enjoy your "cheat" foods, and cut back on the calories you’re eating all at the same time. When Penn State researchers added pureed cauliflower and zucchini to mac and cheese, people seemed to like the dish just as much. But they ate 200 to 350 fewer calories. Those healthy vegetables added low-cal bulk to the tasty dish.
4. Nuts
Research shows that when people munch on nuts they automatically eat less at later meals. 
5. Apples
Skip the apple juice or the applesauce and opt instead for a crunchy apple. Raw fruit contains more fiber., Are they cute food?, Enjoy our online order: http://www.bluefujimenu.com/, Happy Black Friday!, Enjoy Your Turkey Day!, Happy Thanksgiving!, null, Chow Mein Sandwich was invented in Fall River, Mass. It is exactly what it sounds like: traditional chow mein (including pork, chicken, etc.) served in a hamburger bun, often smothered with gravy., "Food should be fun." --Thomas Keller

At Blue Fuji Restaurant, we strive to make food delicious--and fun. Come in today!, HONORING ALL WHO SERVED!, Do you know Sushi chefs train for 10 years before serving Japanese food in a restaurant!, Happy Halloween! Trick or Treat? You deserve a great meal on Halloween :), Are you in the mood for sushi? Come on over to Blue Fuji Restaurant, where we’ve got everything you’re looking for!, What are you going to eat for lunch?, You deserve the BEST!, The best way to Beat the Monday Blues! Come visit us today!, “One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.” --Virginia Woolf

Have you dined well recently? Come on in to Blue Fuji--we'll serve you great food that will help you think, love, and sleep well!, Fun Fact of the Day: Today’s sushi began as a type of fast food—the 19th century Japanese equivalent of a McDonald’s drive-thru., No matter what kind of food you're craving, Blue Fuji offers it. Stop by today and check out our delicious dishes!, Our Blue Fuji Lobster is out of this world. Come try it today!, "Hunger is the best sauce in the world." --Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra

Besides sating hunger, Blue Fuji creates several great sauces to go with their dishes. Come try them today!, Come in to this beautiful restaurant today!, In the mood for something uniquely delicious? Come in and try our Peking Ravioli!, Blue Fuji has several vegetarian, vegan, and even gluten dishes to choose from. Come on in and try them out today!, Did you know that Crab Ragoons are not Chinese? These tasty crab and cream cheese dumplings were, in fact, invented in America!, “People who love to eat are always the best people.” --Julia Child

Our customers are all the best people, no matter how much they love to eat!, TGIF: Thank Goodness It's Friday! Celebrate by coming in for delicious food at Blue Fuji!, If you like scallops, you've got to come in to Blue Fuji. Try our teriyaki, agemono, and other delicious scallop dishes today!, The week is just flying by! Come in today and celebrate hump day--and the soon-coming weekend with Blue Fuji today., Did you know Labor Day became a federal holiday in 1894, but 30 states were officially celebrating Labor Day before that? Here’s hoping your day is stress- and work-free!, The weekend is nearly upon us! We hope you enjoy this three-day weekend celebrating Labor Day and the hard work everyone has done for our nation!, Sushi chefs do far more cooking behind the scenes than most customers realize. At the sushi bar, the chef must be not only a master of kitchen skills, but a savvy performer as well!, "There is no love sincerer than the love of food." --George Bernard Shaw

Do you sincerely love food? We do! Come visit Blue Fuji today as we welcome in the weekend!, Ever since the Stone Age, spices have been instrumental in making great food. Apparently wasabi has been around for thousands of years! Who would have thought?, It's hot today. Come on in for our cold, refreshing appetizers!, Is spicy food your thing? Come over to Blue Fuji--we've got dozens of spicy dishes to choose from!, It has been said that the Chinese make food choice decisions based on the Five Fs: fresh fish, fresh fruits, fresh vegetables, fresh meats and fresh seafood., “Vegetables are interesting but lack a sense of purpose when unaccompanied by a good cut of meat.” --Fran Lebowitz

Luckily, Blue Fuji always serves a good cut of meat with their vegetables!, Did you know General Tso’s Chicken was invented in New York during the 1970s specifically for American taste buds?

Come to our restaurant so we can cater to your taste buds and cravings!, It’s been said that food tastes better when eaten with chopsticks. We tend to agree!, Happy Chinese Valentine’s Day! Did you know Wong Mu Niang Niang scratched a wide river because she was angry that her daughter married a mortal? That’s how the Milky Way was created where Altair and Vega are on opposite sides of each other.

Don’t be distance from us! Come join us for this holiday!, Among sushi toppings, clams actually have more flavor than any of the fish. At the sushi bars of old Tokyo, customers often preferred boiled clams over raw slices of fish., “A recipe has no soul. You, as the cook, must bring soul to the recipe.” --Thomas Keller

Our cooks always bring soul to our recipe. Come in today for the most tasty food in the city!, What a unique way of making lobster!, Did you know the highest price ever paid for a sushi grade Bluefin Tuna was $396,000 for a 754 pound fish ($526/lb) on January 4th, 2011 at the Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo.

That's a lot of fish!, Did you know the mass-production of sushi rolls was made possible by a pioneering female scientist in Britain in the 1940s? Japanese seaweed farmers have erected a shrine in her memory. What a great invention!, “Once you decide on your occupation you must immerse yourself in your work. You have to fall in love with your work. Never complain about your job. You must dedicate your life to mastering your skill. That’s the secret to success, and is the key to being regarded honorably.” -- Jiro Dreams of Sushi

We work hard to master our skills so our restaurant would serve you well! Come visit us!, “Let food by thy medicine and medicine be thy food.” --Hippocrates

We’re not saying that our food will cure you of your sickness, but it’ll definitely make you feel better., Chicken-lovers beware: an extremely large amount of chicken dishes are available at China Wok. Come on in today and try them for yourself!, Similar to samurai swords, the blade of a professional sushi chef’s knife must be re-sharpened every day. This is especially important when working with sashimi—raw, thinly sliced fish. 

Come in today for perfectly sliced sashimi!, In the mood for something light? Come in and try one of our specialty salads. Choose from Spicy Tuna Organic Salad, Sashimi Salad, and more!, Have you checked out our website recently? You can view our menu and hours, order food and pick delivery times. Come check it out!, "Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly." --MFK Fisher 

Come on in with your family to share food with your loved ones! :), With dozens of excellent Chef's Suggestions and new dishes available, including Blue Fuji Steak, Organic Avocado Shrimp, and Take Tung Ting Shrimp, there's something here to please any appetite!, In the mood for awesome sushi? Look no further than Blue Fuji. Come in today!, It's been said that Wimbledon 2013 champ Andy Murray loves sushi so much, he can eat over 50 portions of sushi in one sitting. That's a lot of sushi!, At Blue Fuji, sushi is our specialty. Come on in and try our delicious rolls today!, Looking for a snazzy place to grab dinner tonight? We're open until 11--come on by!, Do you love sushi? We do! Come on in for the best sushi in Medford. You won't regret it!, With sashimi like this, why go anywhere else? Come on in for the freshest sushi around!, “So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.” --Franz Kafka 

Enjoy a brief respite from answering life's questions. Come on in to Blue Fuji today!, Try some of our Chef's suggestions which ranges from a variety of meat and shrimp!, With lunch specials that include sashimi and organic house salad, there's something here to please everyone. Visit Blue Fuji--your stomach will thank you!, In the mood for something delicious--and healthy? We've got brown rice sushi for you! , Do you crave Chinese food in the wee hours of the evening? Blue Fuji is open 7 days a week, until 10:00 p.m. Sunday-Thursday, and until 11:00 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays. Come on by!, In the mood for great Asian cuisine, but can't choose between Japanese or Chinese? Problem solved. Blue Fuji serves both--and has a wide variety of gluten-free items as well!, "If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." --J. R. R. Tolkien 

Help make the world a merrier one by stopping in to Blue Fuji for great food, cheer, and song today!, How was your 4th of July? Did you see pretty fireworks?, Check out  our Gluten Free Menu!

Vegetable Tempura (app) ...................	 $9.95
Chicken Rice Soup ..............................	 $3.65
Steamed Vegetable with Chicken .......	 $9.50
Steamed Vegetable with Shrimp .........	 $12.30
Kung Pao Chicken   ......................	 $11.95
Pad Thai ..............................................	 $10.95
Fried Rice ............................................	 $8.50
Broccoli with Chicken or Beef	 $11.50
Broccoli with Shrimp ..............	 $14.25
General Gau’s Chicken ....	 14.05
Seafood Delight .......................	 $17.25, Lunch Box
Served from 11 am to 3 pm（w.organic house salad）
with miso soup and organic rice (for sashimi only)

Sushi Special box ................................... $11.95
Sashimi Special Box .......................... .........$11.95
Katsu Don (Box) (chicken) ........................  $9.95
Oyako Don (Box) (chicken) .......................  $9.95
Una Don (Box) (eel) ..................................$10.95
Chicken(or Beef,or Salmon)Teriyaki Plates  $9.95
Shirimp & Vegetable Tempura ..................  $9.95
Yaki Udon ................................................. $10.95, Busy Monday? You can order food online from us!, In the mood for mouth-watering Asian food, but want to order online? Look no further than Blue Fuji Restaurant! Our Chinese, Japanese, and Asian fusion dishes are sure to please all taste buds., Summer's finally here! What better way to celebrate than to grab a few rolls of sushi to celebrate? Let us know in the comments below--what's your favorite kind of sushi?, Chinese Chicken Salad Recipe

Ingredients:

3 cups mixed salad greens (1 1/2 cups bite-size romaine lettuce + 1 1/2 cups shredded green and red cabbage)
1/4 cup shredded carrots
1/2 cucumber, peeled, deseeded, and julienned
Sesame Ginger Salad Dressing
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breast fillet
4 tofu squares, pre-fried (store bought)
1-2 dried chinese mushroom, soaked in water
5 wonton wrappers
2 cups oil (to make crispy wontons)

Sesame Ginger Salad Dressing:

1/2 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup low-sodium or light soy sauce
1/4 cup pure sesame oil
2-inch ginger, peeled and minced
2-3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
1 stalk scallion, cut into thin rounds
1 small shallot, peeled and minced
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
1 teaspoon sesame seeds, lightly toasted

Whisk all the Salad Dressing ingredients together and set aside for at least 1 hour. Refrigerate until use.

For Chicken, Tofu and Mushroom:

1. Marinate chicken with a little salt, black pepper, and 2 1/2 tablespoons of Sesame Ginger Salad Dressing for 30 minutes. Discard marinade before cooking.

2. Preheat oven broiler/grill for 10 minutes.

3. Remove chinese mushroom from soaking water, drained and set aside. To speed up the process, microwave the mushroom with water in the microwave for 1-2 minutes, or until softened.

4. Put the marinated chicken, mushroom and tofu squares onto the broiler rack.

5. Broil the tofu and mushroom for 2-5 minutes on each side, or until lightly charred and cooked. Remove tofu and chinese mushroom from the oven, set aside to cool down. Cut the tofu into tiny squares (or crouton size), and cut the mushroom into strips.

6. Broil chicken breast for 8-10 minutes on each side, or until the meat is completely cooked. Remove chicken and cool down. Cut into thin slices. Store chicken, mushroom and tofu in the refrigerator until the salad is ready.

For Crispy Wontons:

1. For each wonton wrapper, cut into 8 strips.

2. Heat up oil in a wok to medium-high heat. When the oil starts to shimmer, briskly deep-fry the wonton strips until golden brown. Dish up and drain on paper towels. Cool down and store in an air-tight container.

For The Salad:

1. In a large bowl, mix the salad greens, sliced chicken, mushroom strips and tofu with generous amount of Sesame Ginger dressing. Toss well.

2. Chill for 5 minutes. Just before serving, spoon in extra Sesame Ginger Salad Dressing. Garnish with crispy wontons.

Cook’s Notes:

To substitute crispy wontons, use store-bought crispy chow mein or home-made crispy rice stick noodles.

If you prefer a spicy Sesame Ginger Salad Dressing, add a teaspoon or two of chili sauce and/or chili oil to the dressing., Tip 15, 20 or 25 Percent? Here, They Strongly Suggest Zero

In a city where taxicabs prompt passengers to tack on a 30 percent tip, the notion of turning down a gratuity sounds almost heretical. But one restaurant in Midtown Manhattan says it has taken that less-traveled path by instituting a no-tipping policy.

At Sushi Yasuda, tips are not only no longer being sought, but they will also be returned if proffered, said one of the restaurant’s owners, Scott Rosenberg.

After 13 years of trying to provide an authentic Japanesedining experience, the owners decided a few weeks ago to adopt the profoundly un-American custom of including the cost of service in the price of the food, Mr. Rosenberg said.

“The reason we did it that way was because in Japan, that’s how it’s done,” he said. “We thought, ‘How great would it be when you go to a restaurant not to have to think about the tip?’ ”

A small number of restaurants have tried to remove tippingfrom the equation. But some, like Per Se in the Time Warner Center, have instead added a European-style service charge. Per Se implemented their 20 percent service charge several years ago to balance the share of tips between waiters and kitchen workers — although tips are still accepted.

At Sushi Yasuda, the tips were not going to the workers, anyway. The staff received salaries and benefits and the restaurant took the tips, Mr. Rosenberg said.

The owners raised the already lofty prices by about 15 percent and removed the space for tips on credit-card receipts, he said. In keeping with the low-key tone of the 40-seat restaurant, notes explaining the change were placed at the bottom of bills and inside the back cover of menus.

It reads: “Following the custom in Japan, Sushi Yasuda’s service staff are fully compensated by their salary. Therefore gratuities are not accepted. Thank you.”

But Mr. Rosenberg said that after observing customers’ initial reactions, he realized that the switch required additional explanation. Some customers tried writing tips onto the bills themselves, he said.

Others, including at least two who had a late lunch there on Thursday, went ahead and left cash tips on the table. One was Lia Levy, a Manhattan resident who took two friends visiting from Israel to Sushi Yasuda.

She said she had just left $45 on the table to cover the service for a $270 lunch for three. Informed that she need not have tipped at all, she appeared confounded.

Ms. Levy said she was so fond of the restaurant that she called it “my Japan in New York.” So she was surprised, she said, that none of the servers had told her of the change. She did not seem surprised, though, that nobody had come running after her, brandishing a refund.

“Maybe they will make it up to me next time,” Ms. Levy said.

Rob Priffer, of Toronto, seemed even more dubious. He said he had just left $30 after his friend, Mamdouh Khawaji, had treated them to a meal that cost more than $200.

After Mr. Khawaji produced a receipt with the new policy circled in red ink, Mr. Priffer joked about going back for his gratuitous gratuity. But his expression indicated that he thought doing so would be gauche.

The men said they thought the food had been “excellent,” but agreed that it was overpriced.

Christine Tran, a visitor from Houston who shared sushi with two friends, deemed the service they received “really good” and approved of the no-tipping policy.  “If I felt the service was lacking, I would feel like they should go back to the old way,” she said.

When Mr. Rosenberg heard that tips were still being collected, he was perturbed. Tipping is not merely frowned upon, he said. It is not to be done.

But, he said, servers do not immediately count cash paid by customers “because that would be uncouth.” That habit left “a hole, obviously” in the policy.

“From now on, we’ll count cash left on the table, so that if we do catch a tip being left, we can return it,” he said., null, Happy Father's day, Final rule on small business health exchanges released

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services this week released a final rule explaining the operation of Small Business Health Options Program (SHOP) exchanges, the online health insurance marketplaces established by the 2010 health care law as a new option for small businesses to compare and purchase health plans for their employees.

The exchanges will sell small group market plans that are generally open to businesses with between 2 and 50 employees in 2014 and 2015 and up to 100 employees in 2016. States have the option to expand eligibility to businesses with 100 or more employees in 2017.

HHS also released forms for employers and employees to apply for coverage through the SHOP exchanges starting Oct. 1.

The federal government will run SHOP exchanges in 33 states, and already has scaled back a key feature: the ability for a small business to offer employees a range of SHOP plan choices. Federally run SHOP exchanges will restrict small businesses to a single plan in 2014, rather than letting small companies give their employees a range of plans to choose from. State-run SHOP exchanges have the same option, according to the final rule.

Additionally, the Treasury, HHS and Labor Departments on June 3 published a final rule governing employer wellness programs. The rule explains the discount (generally, 30 percent, but as high as 50 percent, in the case of certain smoking-cessation incentives) that group health plans can offer to employees as incentives to participate in wellness activities. The June 3 wellness-program rules complement an IRS regulation published May 3 that tells employers how to calculate the value of wellness programs in determining whether health plans meet "minimum value" and “affordability” standards under the 2010 health care law., Nigiri Sushi Recipe

Ingredients:

Avocado

Sushi Rice

Smoked Salmon

Preparation Method:

Making Nigiri at home doesn’t have to be perfect, but hey, you live, you experiment, and you learn right; so start by concocting the sushi rice following the instructions on the package. When that’s ready, get into it with your hands and form small clumps of rice to create the base for the Nigiri.
As for the fish, you’re going to need you best and sharpest knife in the house, and a bit a cutting experience. If you can safely tell the difference between your thumb and the fish (or the avocado), you’ll be fine; but I do recommend watching this how to video first:

It doesn’t have to be perfect, so get creative and dress up your Nigiri as you like. Serve it with the traditional sushi condiments and sauces, bust out the chop sticks if you’re into that, and enjoy a chill night with your entourage. If you’re of legal drinking age, a couple of sake shots pair well with a meal like this.

And if you’re like me, and have a significant other with some serious sushi making skills, you could always sweet talk your way into a full course night of sushi for the next gathering…at least that’s how we like to hang out at home., null, Mushroom Soup sold $2.95
Sliced mushroom with fresh cut scallion mixed in house special soup (boiled for 10 hours), null, Rising beef drive consumers to other choices

After achieving new highs for three weeks, choice-grade beef, the most common variety in the U.S., jumped to $2.1137 a pound Thursday, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. That level broke a decade-old record for wholesale prices set in 2003, when a case of mad-cow disease in Canada led to a spike in export demand for U.S. beef.

Wholesale prices retreated slightly Friday afternoon, falling to $2.0887 a pound, confirming some market-watchers' suspicions that retailers may be unwilling to swallow the record-high beef costs.

The fat beef prices are the result of years of drought in major cattle-producing states, a trend that has shrunk the nation's cattle herd to its smallest level in six decades.

Higher beef prices are pinching food budgets for consumers already wrestling with a rise in gasoline prices, the expiration of the federal payroll-tax holiday and stubbornly high unemployment. They're also expected to drive consumers to other meats after the holiday weekend, one of the biggest beef-sales periods of the year. That could threaten high beef profit margins for meatpackers like Tyson Foods Inc. and Cargill Inc. and also pose a challenge for restaurants and grocery stores.

"Consumers may favor beef more, but they've got to feed their families," said Gary Morrison, an analyst with Urner Barry's Yellow Sheet, a meat-industry newsletter in Bayville, N.J.

The week of Memorial Day is typically the third-highest for weekly U.S. beef sales after the Fourth of July and Labor Day holiday weeks, according to the National Cattlemen's Beef Association.

It is unclear how much beef sales this weekend may suffer and how much consumers might turn to alternatives like chicken patties or veggie burgers, say analysts.

Leah Hatcher, a 34-year-old mother of three in Chicago, said she decides what to make for dinner based on meat costs and "beef prices are pretty high right now."

While shopping at a Treasure Island Foods store one recent evening, Ms. Hatcher grabbed a package of pork chops. "These are $1.99 right now, baby," she said. "I've got to take advantage of that."

John Boyanoski, 35 years old, said he plans to offer only chicken breasts at his annual Memorial Day cookout in Greenville, S.C. "We were going to have hamburgers again, but prices were high for good meat," said Mr. Boyanoski, who usually grills burgers and hot dogs for the 20 or so friends who attend his party. "It was a bit of sticker shock."

Last year, Americans spent $288.40 per person on beef, a 4.2% increase from $276.80 a year earlier as retail prices rose, according to Jim Robb, director of the Livestock Marketing Information Center in Denver. U.S. beef sales reached $90.6 billion last year, up from $86.4 billion in 2011, he says. Yet volume is in decline.

Consumers have been fickle about beef this year. In the first quarter, beef sales volumes fell 1.7% from a year earlier at 18,000 grocery stores, supermarkets and other retail outlets tracked by market-research firm Nielsen Co. In contrast, pork volumes rose 3.1% and chicken volumes were flat.

Wholesale beef prices have risen as meatpackers seek to pass along the higher costs they have been paying for cattle after droughts the past two summers in Texas, Oklahoma and other big cattle-ranching states. The dry weather parched pastures and drove up feed costs, forcing many ranchers to cull their herds. The nation's cattle herd shrunk by 2% at the end of 2012 from a year earlier, to under 90 million head, the lowest level since 1952. That means fewer beef carcasses are making it through the industry's supply chain.

The higher wholesale prices are likely to hit the grocer's meat cases in the weeks ahead, according to analysts, and many think demand will continue to cool. Tyson, the biggest U.S. meat processor by sales, said earlier this month that margins and sales volumes in its beef division decreased in the January-March quarter as "consumers opted for the relative value of chicken."

At Cargill, higher beef prices "could result in some movement, by some consumers, to other proteins, although we're hopeful weather, pricing and consumer desire results in keeping with tradition for the next several weeks," said spokesman Mike Martin.

Others are a tad more optimistic. Heather Jones, an analyst with BB&T Capital Markets, says she doesn't expect a severe decline in U.S. beef consumption due to the price increases. "At some point, we're still a relatively wealthy economy," she said. "And if you want a hamburger, you want a hamburger. You don't want a chicken sandwich."

Consumers have faced a series of record beef prices at retail over the past few years amid tighter supplies and a boost in demand from overseas buyers of U.S. beef. Although the USDA predicts retail beef prices will finish the year 3% to 4% higher, that is lower than the gains of 6.4% last year and 10.2% in 2011.

Still, expectations for weaker beef demand are evident in the $14 billion cattle-futures market, where many traders and investors are betting that consumers will lose their taste for beef after the holiday weekend. Futures prices for live, slaughter-ready cattle have tumbled 10% since hitting a record $1.3385 a pound on Jan. 3.

"It would really surprise me to see the public absorb these [higher beef] prices for any extended period of time," said Narciso Perez, head of Narciso Perez Cattle & Trading, an agricultural-advisory firm in Albuquerque, N.M. "I just don't see it happening.", I really like the presentation of this sushi roll, Memory is a wonderful thing if you don't have to deal with the past., Now, if you decide to organize a Te-Maki Sushi Party, make sure that you have plenty of “neta”/fillings ready for your guests to easily choose from.
Bear in ind the priorities of your guests. Vegan and vegatarian sushi are very easy to provide for. If need be prepare different plates of ingredients.
Next you need nori/海苔/ dried sheets of seaweed. Cut to the size most appropriate to your te-maki. keep in mind the appetite of ypur guests. Some might want them small, others large. Do experiment!
Prepare enough sushi rice for all to fill their te-maki with.
I would suggets you make at least 3 large bowls of them:
One seasoned with sesame seeds like the Missus does all the time, one plain, and another one seasoned with an ingredient of your choice: finely chopped pickle, chopped cooked shiitake, and so on.

TECHNIQUES:
The above te-maki includes three ingredients: avocado, katsuo/bonito and fresh salmon sashimi.
Spread a triangle of sushi rice on the left half of the nori/dry seaweed.
The seaweed sheets ought to be cut in half along their length first.
Place the ingredients over the rice as shown in picture.
Start rolling from the left.
Keep turning until you have completed the cone!

FILLINGS SUGGESTIONS:
Hera is a group of four different te-maki as a combination suggestion with ingredients that should please both Japanese and non-Japanese.
Do experiment!
Kimchi, tuna flakes, mayonnaise and sesame seeds!
Crab meat and mayonnaise. You could add some green leaf vegetables, too!
Asparaguses (boiled), tuna flakes and mayonnaise. You could include some curry powder in the mayonnaise!
Salmon roe. Season the roe with a little soy sauce first! Some wasabi would be welcome, too!, Creative Sushi Balls, Mango and Lychee sushi
1 cup japanese sweet rice
1 1/4 cup water
3/4 cup coconut milk or cream
2-3 Tablespoons sugar or maple syrup
1 vanilla bean, slit down the side
3-4 Tablespoons lychee or another fruit juice
lychee, cut into thin pieces
mango, sliced into thin strips
your favorite jam or preserves (optional)
fresh mint, washed and stemmed (optional)
1/4 cup toasted dessicated coconut

Rinse rice until water runs clear. Add water, milk, sugar and vanilla, cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit for 20 minutes (don’t lift the lid!!). While the rice is steaming prepare your work station and the fruit.

After the rice is steamed stir the rice while mixing in the lychee juice. Remove vanilla bean. The rice should be creamy, and not too thick. Spread out the rice on your plastic wrapped sushi roller, top with preserves, mint, and fruit. Roll; slice into 1-2 inch pieces; roll each piece in toasted coconut and serve with crème anglaise., Interesting Cartoon Sushi., Creative Sushi Balls, The Next Big Thing in Business: Food

You'd never know the economy is in a slump from the state of the food industry.Specialty food sales in the U.S. alone grew 13 percent to $85 billion in 2012. And Americans consumed a record $34 billion worth of wine last year.

If you're at all into food (I mean, who isn't?) and looking for a business, industry, or career to sink your teeth into, look no further. Here are 10 reasons that food isn't just the way to your heart; it's the way to your wallet, too.

Venture capital flowing into food tech. Venture capitalists poured $350 million into food tech companies last year, an increase of 7.6 percent over 2011, according to research firm CB Insights. Not only that, but the number of deals increased by 37 percent, including robust activity in international markets.

Gourmet to go. Just because there's growing demand for healthy and tasty food doesn't mean people have the ability or the time to make it or eat out all the time. There's huge and growing demand for personal chefs, party chefs, specialty caterers, and thousands of gourmet and pre-made food websites. If you've got a kitchen and a cool recipe, you can make it and sell it.

Food franchises. If you wanted to own a food franchise business, you used to be limited to the likes of McDonald's, Subway, and Pizza Hut. Not that that's a bad thing, but these days, the choices are virtually limitless, from Baja Fresh to Ben & Jerry's. While restaurants like P.F. Chang's and Cheesecake Factory don't franchise domestically, both companies are looking for international partners to license.

Diversity. America has always been a melting pot, but we didn't always eat that way. If you grew up on the East Coast in the 60s or 70s, chances are you never heard of Mexican or Thai food. That's all changed now and it's opened the door for family-owned restaurants that specialize in all sorts of ethnic cuisines.

TV for Foodies. We've come a long way from Julia Child and Galloping Gourmet Graham Kerr. With blockbuster hits like Top Chef, Kitchen Nightmares, and Iron Chef America, food TV has turned into a booming media business. The competition is fierce but the opportunity is there for anyone to become the next Bobby Flay or Rachael Ray.

Health restricted diets. There was a time when the only diet foods you'd see were sugar-free foods for diabetics. Now, we have lactose and gluten-free foods and, the more we discover about how what we put in our bodies affects our health, the more fragmented our food choices will become. And choice spells opportunity.

Demand for natural and organic foods. Besides all the Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, and dozens of other markets specializing in natural and organic foods, there are thousands of farmer's markets popping up in cities big and small across the nation.

Sustainable and safe agriculture. As an entire industry retools to become more animal and environmentally friendly, and to improve the healthfulness and safety of our food supply, opportunities abound throughout the food chain.

Packaging and cold transport. Ever wonder how all that fresh and frozen food gets to your grocer without spoiling? New techniques in flash freezing and fresh and frozen food packaging and transport have enabled huge and growing industries.

New world wine, crafted beer, premium liquor. America's wine industry is booming and not just in California, either. Wine making has popped up in nearly every state, even Texas and Alaska. Not only that, but you can start small by growing grapes and selling them or buying the grapes and trying your hand as a wine maker. Likewise, demand for specialty brews and premium liquors has never been better., This is one of the most simple traditional dish in Japanese cuisine. It is called "hiyayakko" in Japanese, meaning "cold tofu". It is so pleasant to enjoy this dish on a hot summer day. However, I heard that yiyayakko was first discovered when a block of silken tofu was left outside in the cold weather. Though the tofu turned very cold but it still offers a fresh taste.

I first knew about this way of serving tofu when I worked in a traditional Japanese restaurant in Vietnam. Cold tofu was so a popular dish that it was often ordered by more than half of the customers. The tofu looks simple but very elegant on the serving dish. In Japan, cold tofu is a popular dish in the meal of ordinary people.

On the dish, the tofu looks pure and fresh. Silken tofu is often used due to its smooth texture and soft structure. The cotton tofu is sometimes used, but with less popularity. There are different ways to make a block of tofu cold. Traditionally, Japanese people prefer to let it cold naturally in cold water. Nowadays, it is easy to get a box of silken tofu in almost every Asian supermarket where the tofu boxes are displayed in chilled section. If you got the tofu from the supermarket, just open it, take the tofu out of the box, pour boiling water over the tofu to remove any impurities, then put the tofu back into the fridge until serving time.

Cold tofu is completed with some toppings. There are two things that must always be present there, traditionally, which are chopped spring onion and katsuobushi (or bonito – a kind of dried, fermented and smoked tuna). Other things may be topped on the tofu are mustard, plum paste, grated ginger, sliced okra, yuzu rind and perilla leaf. Serve with Japanese soysauce (Kikkoman is a recommended brand)., The supre happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved., Healthy Is Hip
 
The spotlight on healthy eating is growing brighter, and now even the youngest eaters are taking notice. A recent study by children’s research firm KidSay and The Marketing Store Worldwide (TMSW) showed the majority of children ages 5–11 think they are healthy eaters, with more than 80 percent of kids saying healthy eating was “cool,” up from 59 percent in 2004.

The survey also provided specific suggestions for restaurants to encourage healthful dining. These included camouflaging a nutritious option within a less healthy one, making healthy choices attractive, and using children’s desire to play to encourage kids to eat healthy.

Jeff Larson, vice president of global marketing, marketing development, and activation at Subway, says the chain—which places an emphasis on serving healthy food to children—is encouraged by the survey results.

“We have always felt, if you empower kids with information and choices, that they will make good decisions about eating, especially if you do it in a fun way that brings them into the process,” Larson says, noting the chain’s variety of fresh vegetables choices children can use to create their own sandwich.

Anita Jones-Mueller, founder and president of Healthy Dining Finder, says she has seen a huge shift toward healthy choices, especially for kids, in quick-service restaurants. “It is great to hear that kids are saying it is cool to eat healthy,” she says. “It shows our efforts are triggering a true long-term change in the way that people view eating.”, Bacon Wrapped Prawns – Stuffed with Jalapeno Cream Cheese and Drizzled with Honey, Sushi Box offers the largest selection of sushi, If you are not brave enough, no one will back you up., Unagi Nigiri Sushi, We place great importance on freshness and will only make to oeder for consumptio on the day., Chinese Style Tilapia
1 lb. lean ground beef
1 packet taco seasoning
1 cup water
4 cans Ranch Style Beans, drained & rinsed*
1 can diced Hatch green chiles
10 Kraft Single Slices, or shredded cheese as desired
20 fresh flour/wheat tortillas

Saute ground beef in a large skillet until browned. Drain grease. Add taco seasoning, green chiles and 1 cup of water. Simmer until water has evaporated. Add drained & rinsed Ranch Style beans. Simmer 10-15 minutes. Partially mash using a potato masher until desired consistency achieved. If using shredded cheese, mix in cheese until desired cheesy
consistency.

Fill each tortilla with a heaping 1/4 cup of beef/bean mixture. Top with 1/2 slice of cheese. Fold tortilla., Vegan Sushi, What we can provide for you is high quliaty sushi with our best services., The supre happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved., Healthy Eating pull salad consumption

Not that long ago, consumers visited limited-service restaurants mostly for items such as burgers, fried chicken, French fries, and sandwiches. But in the past two decades, salads have become an integral part of quick-service and fast-casual menus, now showcased as a prominent entrée on many restaurants’ menu boards.

“The great story of the last 20 years is that salads moved to the center of the plate,” says Paul Steck, president of Philadelphia-based Saladworks, the nation’s largest salad chain with more than 100 units in 11 states.

Among 240 limited-service companies that Technomic includes in its Top 500 restaurant chains, 60 percent offered entrée salads during last year’s third quarter. Some 86 percent of fast-casual chains had these dishes on their menus, too.

Overall, the number of entrée salads at quick-service and fast-casual restaurants rose 12 percent from 2009 to 2012, the Chicago-based research and consulting firm reports. This growth comes amid rising consumer demand, particularly by women, for lighter, healthier menu items.

More than four of every five American adults bought salads away from home at least occasionally during 2011, Technomic reports. Nearly half of consumers say they order salads on most restaurant visits, up from 34 percent two years earlier.

As salads have increased in popularity, the variety of dressings served with them has expanded, as have the types of vegetables, fruits, and nuts that act as toppings.

“Dressings and toppings are where the flavor comes from,” says Kelly Weikel, senior consumer research manager for Technomic. “People don’t want to veer much from their health needs, but they definitely still want to indulge when they eat out.”

In the past, healthy meant flavorless, says A. Michael Toroyan, chief operating officer at Tossed, which has seven locations across the country. “So we’re focused on great-tasting, healthy products, without being sinful from a calorie standpoint.”

Operators’ improving ability to source top-quality ingredients and offer a wide range of salad options has influenced chains like Corner Bakery. During the past decade, the company’s salad sales share jumped from single digits to more than 20 percent.

“Every time we made a decision to expand the category, sales grew,” says Ric Scicchitano, senior vice president of food and beverage at the Dallas-based bakery-café chain, which uses upward of 40 types of produce every day.

Vinaigrette dressings are becoming popular as menu developers balance health and taste. While most dressings had fewer menu mentions in the third quarter of 2012 compared with a year earlier, vinaigrette mentions jumped from 12.2 percent to 14.8 percent, according to Technomic. Vinaigrettes are viewed as healthier options than traditional creamy dressings because they are generally lower in calories and fat but high in flavor, Weikel says.

Another growing dressing ingredient is extra virgin olive oil, says Ryan Baxter, senior executive research and development chef for Kraft Foodservice, part of the well-known Kraft family of food companies.

“We’re seeing it increase in popularity, with the inclusion of extra virgin olive oil in the name [of the dressing],” he says. “That brings a level of wholesomeness and quality consumers are looking for.”

Although dressings serve as the “flavor backbone” of salads, companies like Sweetgreen “believe in letting fresh, organic ingredients speak for themselves,” says Nic Jammet, cofounder of the 13-unit salad and organic frozen-yogurt chain.

The growing Washington, D.C.–based company has a specific approach to all of its ingredients, including the dressings made daily at each restaurant: Keep it simple. Jammet says companies can be creative without being overly complex when it comes to salads.

Sweetgreen prefers light dressings to allow other ingredients to shine. Of the 17 dressings available in the chain’s signature or make-your-own salads, about a dozen are vinaigrettes. The few creamy dressings are made with yogurt to make them healthier.

All of the dressings, most of them vinaigrettes, at Los Angeles–based Tender Greens are designed specifically for each of the $11 “big” salads. Erik Oberholtzer, chef and co-owner of Tender Greens, says the eight-unit chain’s ingredients, including the daily-made dressings, are “given a tremendous amount of thought.” As a result, there are no make-your-own options.

For a steak salad on the menu, Oberholtzer wanted as light a horseradish dressing as possible. He came up with one that contains champagne vinegar, crème fraîche, canola oil, salt, and pepper. “It goes very well with steak and beets,” he says.

Major quick-service restaurants have noticed the rising popularity of innovative dressings. Wendy’s, a leader in the fast-food salads-as-entrées movement, offers several vinaigrettes, including one with pomegranate juice, balsamic and white wine vinegars, orange zest, shallots, and spices.

“In the past 10 years, vinaigrettes have become more popular,” says Lori Estrada, vice president of culinary development for the Columbus, Ohio–based company. “It’s not just the vibrantness of the dressing … but the cleanness of it.”

The pomegranate vinaigrette is part of Estrada’s favorite salad, the Apple Pecan salad, which also has dried cranberries and Blue cheese crumbles. “It has a lot of flavor, color, and texture,” she says, adding that it could be overwhelmed by a heavy dressing.

Wendy’s develops its dressings, which are then produced and packaged in individual servings by a private manufacturer. Although some small restaurant companies are able to continue making dressings daily in their stores, consistency becomes more difficult to maintain as a chain grows.

“All of our dressings, until six years ago, were made in the stores,” Saladworks’s Steck says. “As we hit 70 units, we started seeing huge differences in the dressings from one store to the next. It was the same recipe, but was different depending on who made it.”

Even a smaller company, such as Tossed, needs to have its dressings produced in one location, because its units are in cities all across the country. “You really need to have a consistency of your product,” Toroyan adds.

Not all restaurants use dressings they design. McDonald’s premium salads are served with existing varieties of Newman’s Own dressings that are formulated for restaurants.

Traditional dressings still rule the roost at many quick-serve chains. Ranch varieties show up in 12.9 percent of limited-service salads, according to Technomic, and long-time favorites Caesar, Blue Cheese, and Thousand Island are also near the top.

“There’s little aversion to risk,” says Kraft’s Baxter, whose company provides nearly 40 different groups of dressings to all types of eateries across the country. Most dressings include low-fat and fat-free versions.

“A lot of decisions about the dressings on the menu are driven by marketing, which says we need to have a Caesar, a French, an Italian, a fill-in-the-blank,” he says. “There is room on the menu for maybe one or two out-there dressings that are less familiar.”

When restaurants add nontraditional dressings, they are often ethnically inspired options; increasingly popular are Hispanic dressings, which might include chipotle and cilantro, and Asian dressings, featuring ginger or sesame oil. These often “have less calories but pack a lot of flavor,” Steck says.

Various salsas are used as a salad ingredient, but the citrus salsa served with Taco Bell’s taco salads is different because the thick, chunky condiment is also the dressing.

“It adds a level of flavor and a level of freshness a creamy dressing can’t provide,” says Heather Mottershaw, a director with the chain’s Food Innovation Team.

The salsa is being redeveloped with the assistance of chef Lorena Garcia, who reviewed all of Taco Bell’s menu items and worked with the company to create its more upscale Cantina Bell creations.

“We looked at the citrus salsa and asked, Is this the best it can be?” Mottershaw says. The new version is “really upping” the quality with more flavorful ingredients, she says, including fire-roasted tomatoes and fire-roasted garlic.

While dressings carry a large portion of the flavor in limited-service salads, there are plenty of other non-protein ingredients that add to the taste. Among the most popular, according to Technomic, are tomatoes, cucumbers, croutons, onions, carrots, and olives.

Just don’t refer to them as toppings, Tender Greens’ Oberholtzer says.

“Calling them toppings sends a message that you’re just sprinkling stuff on top of greens,” he says. “Here, the ingredients are components.”

The ability to source fresh, often organic produce year-round has been a boon for salad chains. Tender Greens’ online menus mention the farm or artisan for each ingredient.

Sweetgreen also “gets excited about local produce,” Jammet says. “We have a great, national organic partner that gives us a source for produce throughout the year.”

Sweetgreen salads start at $6.95 and go up to $11. One of the most popular is the Guacamole Greens Salad, which includes a range of greens, avocado, grape tomatoes, red onions, and crushed tortilla chips topped with lime cilantro jalapeño vinaigrette and a lime squeeze. “It all works very well together,” Jammet says.

Avocado is the key ingredient in many other popular salads at various restaurants. Among limited-service companies, the fruit is the fastest-growing produce ingredient, showing up in 4.8 percent of salads last year, up from 3.3 percent in 2011.

“People love it,” Scicchitano says. It is also a superfood rich in monosaturated fat, which assists blood flow. That offsets the downside of its high calorie level.

Avocados are part of Corner Bakery’s top salad, the Chopped Salad, and are also in the chain’s popular Anaheim Scrambler breakfast and Anaheim Panini.

“It used to be you could only get avocados out of California,” Scicchitano says. “Now, they can be from Mexico or South America, like Peru, and so they are available all year round.”

Tossed’s top salad, the Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad, also has avocados, along with blackened chicken, Feta, a black bean corn salsa, chopped tomatoes, tortilla strips, and a citrus-chipotle dressing.

Corn and black beans are two more of the top emerging salad ingredients, as are garlic, Gorgonzola, scallions, apples, and dried cranberries, Technomic says.

The most popular salad nuts are walnuts, which are rich in flavor as well as omega-3 fatty acids, antioxidants, vitamin E, and other nutrients. The nuts go particularly well with apples, and that’s why several restaurant chains, including Tossed, feature
apple-walnut salads.

“Walnuts are incredibly versatile, and they work with so many other ingredients,” says chef, author, and TV cooking-show host Joanne Weir. “Lots of vegetables, as well as fruits, go well with them. That’s why they do so well in salads.”

The classic Gorgonzola and walnut salad—often including roasted beets—is a popular choice among chefs, as is a simple spinach salad with walnuts.

“There is a slight bitterness to the [walnut] skin, and that is very appealing to people,” Weir says. That is one reason the nuts work with the sweetness of fresh or dried fruit, she says.

Because of salads’ growing popularity, restaurants are continually experimenting with different dressings, vegetables, fruits, and nuts to come up with new menu items.

“We’ve been playing with all kinds of things,” Wendy’s Estrada says. That includes roasted beets, asparagus, and a corn and bean salsa. “It depends on what we can get in large enough numbers and at a price point that works for us.”, Red meat prices climbed, consumers seek poultry products

As red meat costs climb, diners are craving more poultry variety on menus, according to Chicago-based market research firm Technomic Inc., which found that 55% of consumers want a wider selection of chicken dishes at restaurants and 40% want more turkey options.

“Escalating prices for beef and pork are nudging more consumers toward poultry,” said Darren Tristano, vice-president of Technomic. “Operators and suppliers can leverage shifting expectations by exploring a wider range of versatility for chicken and poultry. These proteins are both highly adaptable to flavor innovation. Look for opportunities to promote more poultry for breakfast, appetizers and snacks.”

Breakfast entrees with chicken have increased 16% on Top 500 full-service restaurant menus since 2011, according to the research.

Leading flavors for chicken entrées include garlic, spicy, barbecue, teriyaki and lemon, according to Technomic. For turkey, the top tastes are cranberry, savory, barbecue, chipotle and orange.

Poultry described as “fresh,” “naturally raised,” “natural” or “organic” signify health to most consumers, and about half equate health with such attributes as “premium” or “local.”

The report found 89% of consumers eat chicken at least occasionally and 54% of consumers eat turkey at least occasionally, with 46% of turkey consumers agreeing that turkey is a suitable substitute in most chicken dishes.

Additionally, three out of 10 consumers said they would order chicken- and turkey-based alternatives for beef or pork at lunch and dinner., We made it very carefully and did pay a lot attentions on its appearances, What will you order if you are sitting at here ？, If you are looking for a place for chillax, Blue fuji is definitely a good destination., What you can find in Blue Fuji is top quality and healthy Japanese food!, Cola chicken wings practices

Material: chicken wings, cola one, star anise, ginger, spring onion, cooking wine

Wash chicken wings into the onion ginger water boil remove, drain.

Pan put a little oil in pan, add the chicken wings.

Fry until skin on both sides of yellowing.

Pour cola chicken wings can not seen.

Add the soy sauce, aniseed, scallion, ginger, boil, turn a small fire.

keep cooking it until the soup is thick., Baked Seafood Rice

Rice stew cooked in advance, the pan lit injection of olive oil and stir-fry the garlic and onion.

Take a out the flavor into the tomato sauce and stir-fry.

Add whipped cream and rice, pepper, salt to taste.

Off a small fire cook, stirring evenly.

Fried marinated rice into glass baking dish with a shovel smooth spare.

Wok on fire more water, add a little oil, salt, pepper and a little white wine, seafood materials paused to smell boil hot spare.

Separate from the pan and stir-fry the onion, mushrooms fried side into a fragrance.

Stir-fry until the mushrooms half cooked, add a little broth boil.

And then down into the number of peas, bell peppers stir fry with pepper, salt to taste.

Fried mushrooms, peas, bell peppers, together with a little soup poured into a baked dish of rice with paved.

Then the seafood material code on top.

Baking tray on a baking sheet.

Sisa put cheese on top.

The oven prior Preheat the fire transferred down the fire of 220 degrees, and the baking tray into the oven baked 10 minutes.

Baked, start it., Potato dishes rise in popularity

On a raw spring morning not too long ago, Chris Murray, the chef at the Sunshine Diner in Manchester, NH, took me on a treasure hunt. We each had a little spade with us, which served double-duty as a walking stick on the long, two-hour hike up the old logging road leading into a pocket valley high in the White Mountains. When we finally arrived, the field looked barren to my untrained eye, just an expanse of dark dirt.

"They're underground," Murray told me as he started digging. Within seconds, he pulled a brown lump out of the soil and brushed it off. It didn't look like much, but it's the ingredient that's taken the culinary world by storm. Seemingly overnight, every restaurant in the country has these little lumps of heaven on their menu, from Michelin-starred food palaces on down to the Old Country Buffet.

"This is it," Murray said. "This is a potato."

And the potato, a relatively unknown root vegetable, is changing the way America eats. It started small, with food bloggers in Idaho Instagramming the starchy, boiled lumps that would come with their turkey mole at traditional Central American restaurants, cooked by Boise's surprisingly large Peruvian immigrant population. But as soon as the potato made it to San Francisco, things took off.

"I don't think I, like, invented the potato," said Kris Murtry, the chef at San Francisco's Barcotaille, "but I definitely helped it reach a larger audience." Murtry's signature preparation is the "potato pizza," which takes sliced potatoes, then layers and bakes them with cheese. "There's no tomato sauce," Murtry said, "but it's not really like anything else, either. So pizza seemed to make sense."

She, and other chefs across the country, are raving about the potato's simplicity, its pillowy texture, and its surprising, in-your-face flavor.

"It's like someone took a bunch of tap water, and exploded it into a f**king taste burrito," according to David Chang, whose long strips of "potato tempura" have displaced his pork buns as Momofuku's trademark dish. And Empellon chef Alex Stupak likened the potato to "a blank white piece of paper. Anything you put on it is a possibility, a dream that you should realize."

And the possibilities do seem endless for this strange ground-fruit. Southern chefs have started slow-boiling them, smashing them into paste, and then mixing them with butter to create "potato grits," and, inevitably, there's a food truck that just serves potatoes, baked, split open, and then covered in sour cream, cheese, and bacon.

At the moment, potatoes have only made their way into specialty and health food stores, not to mention the occasional farmers' market, but national acceptance can't be far behind. The real test of the potato's popularity will play out in the fast food sector, and while it's hard to imagine any potato dish overtaking pickled radishes as McDonald's best-selling side dish, it's sure to become a mainstay of any restaurant looking to appeal to Millennial diners' fad-friendly palates., Blue Fuji provide you with a ideal place to enjoy delicious foods., TUNG TING SHRIMP 
Large shrimp with broccoli, peapods, baby corns, straw mushrooms, water chestnuts, carrots & egg whites in a special white sauce., If you are in the mood for some quality Chinese food, you will definitely find what you are looking for at Blue Fuji Restaurant.
Don't hesitate to come and have a taste at Blue Fuji Restaurant!, Charming!! Butterfly Sushi., Wanna give it a try?  Fans and sashimi which full of a lot of Nutritions is well-prepared for you, For more informations, please click in http://www.bluefuji.com/Home.html, Lunch Box
Served from 11 am to 3 pmï¼ˆw.organic house saladï¼‰
with miso soup and organic rice (for sashimi only)
Sushi Special box ...................................$11.95
5 pcs Assorted Sushi and and Spicy Salmon Tempura Roll
Sashimi Special Box ..........................$11.95
9 pcs assorted fresh fish fillet
Katsu Don (Box) (chicken) ........................$9.95
Oyako Don (Box) (chicken) .......................$9.95
Una Don (Box) (eel) ................................... $10.95
Chicken(or Beef,or Salmon)Teriyaki Plates $9.95
Shirimp & Vegetable Tempura .................. $9.95
Yaki Udon ................................................. $10.95
Maki Lunch Special
Choice of Any 2 Rolls ............................... $10.95
3 Rolls ....................................................$13.95
Served with miso soup, house salad.
(excluding special rolls) or price above $6.95, General Tips for Purchasing Sushi Fish
    Shop for live fish. Some grocery stores and meat markets will keep live fish in an aquarium for customers to purchase. If you pick out a live fish to take home, you know exactly how fresh it is. Just check the skin for blemishes, which might be a sign of disease.
    Buy fish in season. The safest way to find fresh fish is to look for fish that is in season. Each species of fish is unique and may have a different harvesting season. Browse the sushi fish buying guide by species to find out when a certain fish is being freshly harvested.  » How to Select and Store Sushi
    Note how the fish is stored. Choose fish that is on fresh ice, not ice that is melting. It should be in an enclosed case or under a cover.
    Smell the fish. The fishier the fish smells, the more likely it is not fresh.
    Look at the eyes. In most fish, the eyes should be clear and bulging. This is an indication of freshness. Only a few fish, like the walleye pike, naturally have cloudy eyes.
    Feel the flesh. The flesh should be firm and shiny. It should spring back when pressed. If the flesh is firm but not shiny, the fish was probably frozen at some point. If the flesh is mushy, the fish is not fresh enough for sushi.
    Inspect the gills and blood. Gills should be red in color and should not show any traces of slime or goo, as these can be signs of disease or spoiled flesh. Any blood around or near the gills should be dark red in color. If the blood is pinkish rather than red, the fish has probably been sitting in ice too long.
    Examine the color. Avoid seafood with green or yellow coloring or darkening on the flesh, unless it is naturally yellow in color like the sea urchin. Also be suspicious of fish that is unusually bright red. Some fish are treated with carbon monoxide, which will give the fish an unnatural red color that makes old fish appear fresher. If you are unsure whether the red color is natural, try to find out if the fish was treated with carbon monoxide.
    Check the label on shellfish. When buying shellfish, look at the label to make sure it is up to code. Any shellfish sold in the United States should have a label that notes that it meets FDA recommendations.
    Avoid broken shells. Do not use shellfish with cracked or broken shells. Once the shell is penetrated, the meat of the shellfish begins to spoil quickly.
    Pick thick fillets. If you will be buying your fish with the scales pre-removed, it is better to buy a thick fillet than a steak. The fillets are easier to cut, and the thickness ensures that you have plenty to work with when creating your sushi., General Tips for Storing Seafood
Keep seafood in the refrigerator to reduce the risk of getting parasites from eating it raw. Use it within two days after purchase.
If you do not use the fish within two days, it should be wrapped in water-proof bags, paper or foil and stored in the freezer. It can still be used for sushi, although it will not have an ideal texture.
To thaw frozen seafood, place it in the refrigerator overnight, or microwave on your “thaw” setting until the fish is soft enough to cut. It should still be icy cold., Pan Sushi
Ingredients
1 1⁄2	Cup	sushi rice
3	Cup	water
3	Tablespoon	sushi vinegar
6	Ounce	crab meat or imitation crab meat, shredded
2	Tablespoon	mayonaise
1	each	medium Japanese cucumber, sliced 1/16 inch thick
1	each	avocado, sliced thin
 	each	Shiso furikake as needed
2	each	sheets roasted nori (seaweed)
Instructions
Note: 2 each 8" x 8" pans are needed for preparation
    Cook the rice in rice cooker. Once done fold in the sushi vinegar.
    Spread the rice out so it can cool.
    Combine the crab with the mayonnaise.
    Line the first 8x8 pan with aluminum foil. Lay down a sheet of nori, then cover with half the rice.
    Add the avocado, then cucumbers, then crab mayo mix, sprinkle with the shiso furikake. Then top layer of rice and nori.
    Cover the top with plastic wrap, then place the second 8×8 inch pan on top. Weigh it down and let sit, pressed, for an hour.
    Turn the square of sushi out onto a cutting board. Slice evenly., Caterpillar Rolls have sweet and savory unagi with crunchy cucumber on the inside, and creamy avocado on the outside.
Ingredients
1 batch sushi rice
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup sake
1/4 cup sugar
2 packs unagi cut into 1/2 inch strips
2 avocados halved, peeled, pitted and sliced
1 hot house cucumber seeds removed with a spoon and julienned
1 pack unseasoned nori

Instructions
1. Make a batch of sushi rice.
2.Make the kabayaki sauce by adding the soy sauce, sake and sugar to a small pan and boiling until most of the liquid has evaporated and the mixture is thick and syrupy.
3.You're going to roll your Caterpillar Roll with the rice on the outside, so you need to cover your makisu (bamboo mat) with plastic wrap to keep the rice from sticking. Prepare a small bowl of water to dip your fingers in to keep the rice from sticking to them.
4.Makisu for making California Roll
5.Carefully fold your nori in half, if the nori is fresh, it should easily split in half along the fold and make two 3.75 inch x 8 inch pieces. If it's not splitting easily, use scissors to cut the nori in half.
6. Split the nori in half
7.Lay one piece of nori towards the bottom of the mat. Lightly wet your fingers with water, then add a small amount of rice onto the nori.
8.Top nori with sushi rice
9. Make sure your fingers are moist, then use your fingertips to gently spread the rice out to the edges of the nori in a thin even layer. Don't use too much pressure, or you'll end up mashing the grains of rice together.
10.Spread sushi rice over nori
11. Flip the rice and nori over so that the rice is facing down and the nori is facing up. Place some cucumbers along the bottom edge of the nori, then top with the unagi.
12.Unagi and Cucumber in Caterpillar Roll
13.Tuck your thumbs under the bamboo mat, then use the rest of your finger to hold the filling in place. Roll the mat up and over the filling.
14.Rolling Caterpillar Roll
15.When the mat has come all the way around the roll, you'll need to keep rolling with one hand, while using the other to lift the mat out of the way so you don't roll it into your sushi.
16.Finishing Caterpillar Roll
17.Once the Caterpillar Roll is fully rolled, give the whole thing a hug with your fingers. This will compress the rice which will help keep it from falling apart when you slice it.
18.Hugging sushi roll
19.Splay the avocado slices over the roll making sure each thin slice of avocado overlaps the next.
20.Topping caterpillar roll with avocado
21.Wrap the roll with the bamboo mat again, and give it one more hug.
22.Hugging sushi roll
23. Transfer the finished Caterpillar Roll to a cutting board and use a long sharp knife (preferably a sushi knife) to slice the roll into 8 pieces. Start slicing the roll by putting the back edge of the knife on the roll and pulling the knife towards you, using the weight of the knife to slice through the roll. If you press down, you will smash the roll.
24.Plate the roll, and drizzle with the kabayaki sauce. You can garnish with two sprouts (antennas) and some sesame seeds if you want, but they're not necessary. I also like dusting a little sansho powder on top., A salmon twice a day keeps the wrinkles away
Would you eat salmon twice a day, three days in a row if I told you that it will increase your skin’s radiance, glow and firmness? I probably can eat a small serving, like maybe the equivalent of three small slices you find on the salmon sushi but that’s about it. I don’t really like salmon much, especially not when they’re cooked. So to eat 3-oz of broiled salmon for lunch and dinner is just too much to stomach. But that’s what Dr Perricone recommends in his anti-inflammatory diet to aid in the elimination of puffiness and increase our skin’s firmness.

Nutritional facelift diet
According to the Perricone diet, our skin can get immediate benefits by following what he calls a nutritional facelift diet for three days. The foundation of this diet is wild salmon, eaten twice a day with blueberries, strawberries, cranberries and raspberries. The antioxidants found in the berries along with the omega-3 fatty acids in the fish will make you looking markedly refreshed in three days. And in addition to eating lots of fish and berries, you are to cut out white foods like rice, bread, and pasta for those three days.

Benefits of omega-3 fatty acids for skin
Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids that can be found in good amounts in fishes such as salmon, herring, mackerel, anchovies and tuna. The two major types of essential fats found in fishes are DHA (Docosahexaenoic acid) and EPA (Eicosapentaenoic acid). In several researches, EPA component of fishes plays a major role in skin care. This includes:
- protecting the skin from sun exposure.
- providing anti-inflammatory properties.
- acting as an antioxidant to combat free radicals.
- inhibiting the production of androgens–hormones that results in oily skin.

Fish oil supplement as an alternative
Salmon is easily the most accessible and familiar of the five top fish for omega-3s but how many of us are able to eat salmon twice a day for three days? I’m not keen on taking on the Perricone’s diet even though I want firmer skin. So this is where fish oil supplements come in for people like me. It’s convenient and fuss free! Just remember to choose those that have undergone stringent testing for freshness and the presence of environmental contaminants including mercury, PCBs (polychlorinated biphenyls), DDT (an organic pesticide) and dioxins.

Grilled salmon skin
My husband eats salmon rather frequently as it benefits his joints. He grills the fish and so it’s quite tasty but still, I can’t enjoy this this fish daily and much less twice a day, three days in a row. The most I can do is to eat it on alternate days and I’ll rather fall back on taking the supplement. But I enjoy eating the grilled salmon skin, which is full of fat and really tasty. That I can eat daily! And you know what? Salmon skin contains high concentrations of omega-3 fatty acids! Okay, I know some people don’t eat the skin because of the fear of mercury contamination but Norwegian salmon are quite safe according to our government. Plus, we always pick the smaller pieces (which are tastier) so chances of those smaller fish absorbing toxins are lower.

Omega-3 drives away PMS
What about you? Do you like salmon? And are you able to eat broiled salmon twice a day, three days in a row for your skin’s sake? Oh and in case you don’t already know, omega 3 is also good for alleviating PMS!, Party Boat for 6 (94 pcs)  sold $119.95
Sushi (20 pcs), Sashimi (24 pcs) & Special Maki & Maki(50 pcs)
Pictures only for reference., Entree from the Kitchen
All entrees included miso soup, and organic house salad
TERIYAKI
choice of: chicken .............................................. 	$15.95
choice of: scallop/shrimp/salmon/beef ............. $17.95
Broiled to perfection, then smoothered in our own special teriyaki sauce.
AGEMONO
choice of: pork/chicken katsu ..................... 	$15.95
choice of: scallop/shrimp/salmon  .................... 	$17.95
Dipped in a light bread crumb batter then deep fried to perfection.
TEMPURA
choice of : shrimp (6)  ............................... 	$15.95
choice of : vegetables (13) ............................. $14.95
choice of : shrimp & vegetables (4)(7)  ........... $17.95
choice of : seafood & vegetables .................$19.95
salmon (2), scallop (2), shrimp (2), crabmeat (2),
vegetables (7)
Fresh seafood and vegetables lightly battered and fried.
Seafood Salmon (2), scallop (2), shrimp (2), crabmeat (2), vegetable (7)..................................................... 	$19.95
Nabayak Udon........................................... 	$13.95
Thick noodles or buckwheat noodle served in a light fish broth with shrimp tempura, chicken, fish cake and topped with an egg.
Yaki Udon (or Soba).......................................$13.95
Pan fried thick noodles with vegetable and chicken, beef or shrimp.
Una-Ju....................................................$19.95
Broiled eel glazed with sweetened soy sauce over a bed of rice with house pickles.
Tempura Udon...........................................$14.95
Thick noodle in soup with shrimp tempura on top, What your customers consider healthy
Consumers' perception of what is considered healthy eating at restaurants is changing. Patrons are taking more of a balanced and personal approach; they're seeking out better-for-you foods offset by occasional indulgences. And health-halo claims like "local," "natural," "organic," "sustainable," "whole-wheat" and "free-range" are increasingly driving food choices, according to Technomic's Healthy Eating Consumer Trend Report.

    64% of consumers today—up from 57% in 2010—agree that it is important to eat healthy and pay attention to nutrition
    50% of today's consumers report that they eat healthy food to have a nutritious and balanced diet
    38% of consumers today—up from 33% in 2010—say they are more likely to visit restaurants that have healthy menu options, even if they don't to choose to order one
    More consumers today than polled in 2010 report that they consume local, organic, natural and sustainable foods at least once a week
    Half of consumers say that descriptors such as "low fat" and "low sugar" clearly signal health, but strongly detract from the taste of food. However, foods that indicate a serving of fruit or vegetables, or 100% whole wheat, highlight health on the menu while strongly enhancing consumers' taste perceptions

"Operators can leverage this growing interest in the health halo by developing the kinds of menu offerings than can underscore health without detracting from the taste perception," says Darren Tristano, VP of Technomic., 15 fast food facts just for fun
2013-03-18
It's summertime. Warm nights, bar-b-ques, picnics, and casual get togethers fill up the calendar. Dazzle your friends, family and restaurant associates with your knowledge of food.

    Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
    There are more chickens than people in the world.
    Two-thirds of the world's eggplants are grown in New Jersey.
    Almonds are a member of the peach family.
    Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
    American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class.
    The world's number one producer and consumer of fresh pork is China.
    13 people a year are killed by vending machines falling on them.
    Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
    Bats always turn left when exiting a cave. (is that a food fact?)
    Your brain is 80% water.
    Dry mustard will remove onion odors from your hands or cutting board
    To eliminate the "canned" taste of canned shrimp, try soaking them for 10 - 15 minutes in a mixture of 2T vinegar and 1T of sherry
    Tomato juice will remove ink spots from clothing
    Soft drinks account for 1/4 of all the sugar consumed by Americans, Fried Brown Rice also can choose with shrimp, chicken, beef,
pork or vegetable.
http://bluefuji.com/NoodlesFriedRice.html, If you order our Pad Thai, you have four options to choose,  chicken, shrimp, beef or vegetable., To enjoy a wonderful meal at restaurant doesn't mean have to pay a lot, low price high nutrition dishes are indeed exist here. Just open our menu, what you want all in it with a reasonable price., Simple Ways to Live a Healthy Lifestyle 
You hear a lot about living a healthy lifestyle, but what does that mean? In general, a healthy person doesn't smoke, is at a healthy weight, eats healthy and exercises. Sounds simple, doesn't it?

The trick to healthy living is making small changes...taking more steps, adding fruit to your cereal, having an extra glass of water...these are just a few ways you can start living healthy without drastic changes.

Exercise

One of the biggest problems in America today is lack of activity. We know it's good for us but avoid it like the plague either because we're used to being sedentary or afraid that exercise has to be vigorous to be worth our time. The truth is, movement is movement and the more you do, the healthier you'll be. Even moderate activities like chores, gardening and walking can make a difference.

Just adding a little movement to your life can:

    Reduce the risk of heart disease, stroke and diabetes
    Improve joint stability
    Increase and improve range of movement
    Help maintain flexibility as you age
    Maintain bone mass
    Prevent osteoporosis and fractures
    Improve mood and reduce symptoms of anxiety and depression
    Enhance self esteem
    Improve memory in elderly people
    Reduce stress 

So, even if you opt for small changes and a more modest weight loss, you can see the benefits are still pretty good. One study has found that just a 10% weight reduction helped obese patients reduce blood pressure, cholesterol and increase longevity.

Simple Ways to Move Your Body

You can start the process of weight loss now by adding a little more activity to your life. If you're not ready for a structured program, start small. Every little bit counts and it all adds up to burning more calories.

    Turn off the TV. Once a week, turn off the TV and do something a little more physical with your family. Play games, take a walk...almost anything will be more active than sitting on the couch.
    Walk more. Look for small ways to walk more. When you get the mail, take a walk around the block, take the dog for an extra outing each day or walk on your treadmill for 5 minutes before getting ready for work.
    Do some chores. Shoveling snow, working in the garden, raking leaves, sweeping the floor...these kinds of activities may not be 'vigorous' exercise, but they can keep you moving while getting your house in order.
    Pace while you talk. When you're on the phone, pace around or even do some cleaning while gabbing. This is a great way to stay moving while doing something you enjoy.
    Be aware. Make a list of all the physical activities you do on a typical day. If you find that the bulk of your time is spent sitting, make another list of all the ways you could move more--getting up each hour to stretch or walk, walk the stairs at work, etc. 

Eating Well

Eating a healthy diet is another part of the healthy lifestyle. Not only can a clean diet help with weight management, it can also improve your health and quality of life as you get older. You can use the new MyPlate to determine how many calories you need and what food groups you should focus on or, if you're looking for smaller changes, you can use these tips for simple ways to change how you eat:

    Eat more fruit. Add it to your cereal, your salads or even your dinners
    Sneak in more veggies. Add them wherever you can--a tomato on your sandwich, peppers on your pizza, or extra veggies in your pasta sauce. Keep pre-cut or canned/frozen veggies ready for quick snacks.
    Switch your salad dressing. If you eat full-fat dressing, switch to something lighter and you'll automatically eat less calories.
    Eat low-fat or fat-free dairy. Switching to skim milk or fat free yogurt is another simple way to eat less calories without having to change too much in your diet.
    Make some substitutes. Look through your cabinets or fridge and pick 3 foods you eat every day. Write down the nutritional content and, the next time you're at the store, find lower-calorie substitutes for just those 3 items., NEW SPECIALS
Blue Fuji Steak 
Slices of Hong Kong steak. Pan seared to perfection & wok tossed in our chef’s special black pepper sauce
Organic Avocado Shrimp
Large shrimp, organic avocado, pepper, onion & chef’s special sauce
Salt & Pepper Shrimp or Calamari, Here I will introduce some Must-Try sushi to you, the first one is Mango Boston Maki which contains shrimp, cucu, lettuce, mango & special sauce. Second, General Gau’s Maki. Third  Pink Lady Maki, you can find shrimp tempura, seafood salad and mango in it. 
You can order it here http://bluefuji.com/, Spicy String Bean, Bean Curd Mixed Vegetables, Broccoli in Oyster Sauce, Buddha’s Delight, Steamed Chicken,Steamed Jumbo Shrimp, Stir-Fried Fresh Pea Pods, Vegetarian’s Delight, Yu-Hsiang Broccoli, Szechuan Style Beancurd, all these fabulous Chinese dishes can be found in our Healthy Dietary Menu.
We are what we eat, so we definitely concern about your healthy., Roasted Pumpkin Recipe
Same technique can be used for butternut squash or any other type of large, hard squash.
Ingredients:
1 small pumpkin or 1/4 large pumpkin
1 tablespoon olive oil
sea salt
ground clove
ground cinnamon
ground nutmeg
1 tablespoon packed brown sugar
Directions:
Heat oven to 400F. Using a large metal spoon, scoop out the seeds and insides of the pumpkin. Save the seeds for roasting. Use a sharp chef's knife to cut slices of pumpkin, about 1-inch thick.
Place pumpkin slices on baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and rub on both sides of pumpkin. Season with salt, spices and brown sugar. Roast for 20-25 minutes, depending on thickness of pumpkin slices., BlueFuji Hot Appetizers Best Sushi Start Here!
Organic Edamame............................$6.50
Shumai(6)......................... $6.50
Steamed or deep fried shrimp dumpling
Gyoza(6)............................................$6.50
Steamed or pan fried pork & veggie ravioli
Soft Shell Crab(1)...........................................$9.50
Deep fried with pozu
Scallop Hokkaiyaki.....................................$10.95
Baked scallops with crab stick, mushroom & flying fish roe
Beef Roll(6)............................................ $10.95
AP. Vegetable Tempura (7).......................$9.95
Broccoli, sweet potato, red pepper,cucumber, asparagus & eggplant
Spicy Scallop Tata Must Try !...................... $12.95
Seaweed salad with grilled spicy seafood and scallop salad
Amazing Tuna Tempura Must Try!................$11.95
Spicy tuna, scallion, asparagus with special sauce
Appetizer Shrimp Tempura........................... $11.95
2 pcs shrimps, 5 pcs vegetables
Hamachi Kama Must Try!......................... $11.95
Diamond Shrimp (2)...............................$8.95
Crab stick, octopus, tobiko, mixed with chef special sauce, on the bed of shrimp, grilled to perfection
Bob’s Amazing Special (5) Must Try! ............. $10.95
Tuna, salmon, white fish avocado, dipped in tempura batter, tobiko, fried with amazing special sauce
Agedashi Tofu (deep fried) Must Try !................$6.95
Fresh Lobster Organic Salad..............................$13.95
Fresh lobster meat , organic salad & special sauce, Don’t worry, be healthy
 
Following the misrepresentation of a recent study into plant-based diets and health by several media sources, the VVF sets the record straight.

The study – Chemistry behind Vegetarianism – points out that vegetarians have much lower risk of cardiovascular risk factors than meat-eaters as they have lower: blood pressure, waist to hip ratio, body mass index (counted from weight and height), cholesterol levels, and concentration of other fatty substances in blood. Furthermore, vegetarians eat more nutrients which are beneficial to health such as fiber, magnesium, folic acid, vitamins C and E, unsaturated fatty acids (good fats) and antioxidants.

The author of the review, Duo Li, focused on the intake of some nutrients often perceived as problematic and this is what he concluded about them:

Iron – iron deficiency is the most common mineral deficiency in the world but vegetarians are not any more likely to be iron-deficient than meat-eaters. Studies show that vegetarians have higher or equal iron intake to meat eaters. The confusing difference is that vegetarians don’t have high levels of the stored form of iron because plant-derived iron comes in a different form. However, if the body has a constant supply, it can use the iron directly and does not need to store it.

Zinc – it was concluded that although vegetarians might have slightly lower zinc levels than meat-eaters, the difference is not significant. Vegetarians have plenty of zinc in their diet and there’s absolutely no need to worry about it.

Vitamin B12 – vegans, like everyone else, can have low vitamin B12 levels and it has been suggested that eating enriched foods or supplements would be desirable but the review stated that vitamin B12 deficiency is uncommon.

Vitamin D – as this vitamin is actually made by the body whenever the skin is exposed to sunlight, vegans are not any more likely to be deficient than meat-eaters.

Omega-3 fats – omega-3 fats are found in plants so appropriate intake should not be a problem for vegans. Good sources of these are flaxseeds (linseeds), hempseeds and oils pressed from these (should be used cold because heat destroys some nutrients), walnuts, and rapeseed oil (for cooking).

Another recent study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition showed that vegan women have significantly more omega-3 fats in their blood than fish-eaters, meat-eaters, and lacto-ovo vegetarians. Vegan men had slightly lower levels than vegan women but the same pattern was observed in the other groups as well and was thought to be linked to female hormones influencing the metabolism to a certain extent.

VVF health campaigner, Veronika Charvatova says: “The author does not suggest that vegans have nutrient deficiencies or that plant-based diets increase the risk of heart-related diseases. In fact, the review clearly states that even though vegans might need to increase the intake of omega-3 fats and vitamin B12, their risk of cardiovascular disease is still much lower than that of meat-eaters.

“It is worth noticing that the increased consumption of omega-3 fats is a general recommendation (not vegan-specific) and vitamin B12 supplementation is also recommended to everyone above the age of 50 and for people with various health conditions.”

So if you want to thrive and feel good, plant-based is the diet to enjoy!, We only use premier grade wild caught seafood;
Our Core Value: We care about communities & our environment., Bluefuji Online Order is available at http://bluefuji.com, Vegetable Tempura

Point no. 1: Use the freshest ingredients you can find

The light tempura batter is meant to enhance the flavors of the vegetables or shrimp or squid and so on that is being fried, not mask it. So the fresher your ingredients are, the better your tempura will be.
Point no. 2: Dry the surface of the ingredients completely

This is a point often missed in other directions for tempura. In order to keep the tempura batter crisp, it’s important to make the surface of the things you’re frying very dry. My mother cuts up her vegetables at least half an hour beforehand, and spreads them out in a single layer on kitchen towels or paper towels and puts them near a sunny window. (Since this article is about vegetable tempura I’ll leave the subject of how to prep shrimp or squid for another time, but squid is actually allowed to dry out for several hours in the refrigerator, and shrimp is patted dry with kitchen or paper towels.)
Point no. 3: Use ice cold water for your batter, and don’t mix it much

The flour in tempura batter is just there to hold the other ingredients together. It should not be allowed to develop gluten, which leads to heavy, doughy batter. Therefore, you should always use ice cold water with ice cubes in it for the batter, and not mix it too much. A few ice cubes and lumps of flour floating in the batter are fine - they won’t stick to the food you’re dipping in the batter anyway.
Point no. 4: Don’t overcrowd your oil

You should keep the frying oil at a constant high temperature. If you put too much in at once, you will lower the temperature, which can make the tempura soggy and oil-logged.
Point no. 5: Don’t make too much at one time

At a tempura-specialist restaurant, your tempura is fried right in front of you and served immediately. They only fry a little bit at a time. That’s the ideal way to do tempura. At home, you could stand at the stove making individual portions for everyone else, but if you don’t want to do that just make a small batch at a time and try to eat it immediately, even if you have to stand up again to fry another batch. (This is why I think tempura is really ideal as an appetizer, rather than a main course, in Western-style meal structures. It’s easier to make appetizer-sized portions and eat it right away.)
Point no. 6: Don’t fuss with the tempura once it’s in the oil

There’s not need to keep flipping over your tempura over and over. This just lowers the surface temperature unnecessarily. Let the hot oil do its work! Just flip over once if needed.
Point no. 7: Drain the oil very well.

If you hold the tempura piece for a few seconds just above the oil, with a bit of the end still in the oil, the oil will drain off a lot better. Then transfer the tempura piece to the draining setup that is explained later. Some people transfer the tempura to a second draining setup (with fresh paper, etc.) to drain off even more oil

With these points in mind, here is my mother’s tempura recipe., Sushi Lemon Drop Roll
Ingredients
6 sheets nori
1 small avocado
1 small cucumber
3 cups sumeshi
1 cup imitation crab
6 oz smoked salmon
Juice of 1 lemon

Method
First of all cool the sushi rice.
Then slice the cucumber into long and thin sticks.
Now, cut the avocado in half and discard the pit.
Using a large spoon, scoop out the avocado out the hard skin.
Then, slice the avocado in slices.
Now, roll the sushi inside out using imitation crab, avocado and cucumber as fillings.
Then, wrap the smoked salmon and squeeze the lemon juice on the roll. Serve hot., California Temaki Sushi Recipe
For preparing the California Temaki Sushi you will need quite a few ingredients almost all of which generally are found in a kitchen including vinegar, salt, sugar, rice, lettuce, prawn, roe, cucumber, avocado, wasabi and mayonnaise. Other than these, you will also need some sheets of nori without which your sushi will not look like sushi.

Now to start with, first make a mixture of vinegar, salt and sugar and keep it stirring until fully dissolved. Next, boil rice in water in a saucepan and keep it stirring at a reduced heat. Keep the rice covered on simmer for 15–20 minutes and see whether the water has been completely absorbed or not. You can put the rice down from heat and leave it for 10 minutes to cool down and then add the mixture of vinegar while also messing with a fork.

After this make a mixture of wasabi and mayonnaise and keep it ready. Now take the 1 tablespoon of rice and put it on the nori sheet which will have to be hold by your left hand. Spread the rice to the left half of the nori sheet and see that it covers half the sheet. Then take a teaspoon of the wasabi mayonnaise sauce and pour it over the rice starting at the bottom left-hand corner. Spread it in a diagonal order covering the rice. Next, place a slice of lettuce, one prawn, a teaspoon of roe and one thin slice each of the cucumber and avocado on the filling.

Once all these are done, you can start wrapping the nori sheet but with a caution and in a pattern. First, lift the bottom left corner of rice-covered nori, start folding it up over the filling and continue this to the top right corner of rice. While doing the wrapping, use your left hand’s thumb in the rolling. Similarly, wrap the top right-hand corner of the nori sheet that is uncovered nori and make it look like a cone. Make the last corner wet with water which will help it in remaining sticking to the cone.

So, you can see that it is that easy and instant to be served as a starter or with the main course!, This “sushi” recipe is super easy to make. We prepared a vegan cream cheese in advance and stored it in the fridge until dinner time.
Assembling this meal is a piece of cake :-) In fact, you can get your kids to help you out and have some fun together.
Ingredinets:
    home made vegan cream cheese (hummus will also work)
    whole grain tortillas (we also used rice paper and nori wraps instead of tortillas)
    fresh spinach leaves
    cucumbers, cut into sticks
    bell peppers, cut into sticks
    carrots, shredded finely
    avocado, sliced into sticks
    organic extra firm tofu
    any other vegetable of your choice…be creative here
Assembly time:
    Spread the “cream cheese” mixture on the tortillas, stopping 1 inch before the edge (the filling will spread to the edges once the tortilla is rolled).
    Top with spinach, peppers, avocado, carrot, cucumber, tofu….and whatever else your heart desires.
    Roll the tortillas up into a tight wrap.
    You could wrap each roll in plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator until you’re ready to serve (for easy slicing).
    At serving time, remove the plastic wrap (if necessary).
    Using a bread knife, trim about ½ inch from each end of the tortilla wraps.
    Slice the logs into 1-inch thick pieces.
    Transfer the sushi pieces to a serving platter, spiral side up.
    Serve., Various types of Japanese cuisine can be found here, With excellent food and outstanding service, the restaurant is frequently reported by local media and has enjoyed positive word-of-mouth., If you are in the mood for some quality Japanese food, you will definitely find what you are looking for at Blue Fuji Restaurant.        
Don't hesitate to come and have a taste at Blue Fuji!, null, null, Mushroom Soup sold $2.95
Sliced mushroom with fresh cut scallion mixed in house special soup (boiled for 10 hours), Miso Soup sold $2.95
Fresh cut scallion and seaweed, mixed in hot miso soup, The depths of your soul will flower as your mood lifts and senses soar., null, null, null, Online Order is available at Blue Fuji, for more information can refer to the website http://bluefuji.com, Your smile is our biggest achievement, null, null, null, Nigiri Sushi Recipe

Ingredients:

Avocado

Sushi Rice

Smoked Salmon

Preparation Method:

Making Nigiri at home doesn’t have to be perfect, but hey, you live, you experiment, and you learn right; so start by concocting the sushi rice following the instructions on the package. When that’s ready, get into it with your hands and form small clumps of rice to create the base for the Nigiri.
    As for the fish, you’re going to need you best and sharpest knife in the house, and a bit a cutting experience. If you can safely tell the difference between your thumb and the fish (or the avocado), you’ll be fine; but I do recommend watching this how to video first:

It doesn’t have to be perfect, so get creative and dress up your Nigiri as you like. Serve it with the traditional sushi condiments and sauces, bust out the chop sticks if you’re into that, and enjoy a chill night with your entourage. If you’re of legal drinking age, a couple of sake shots pair well with a meal like this.

And if you’re like me, and have a significant other with some serious sushi making skills, you could always sweet talk your way into a full course night of sushi for the next gathering…at least that’s how we like to hang out at home., Mango and Lychee sushi
1 cup japanese sweet rice
1 1/4 cup water
3/4 cup coconut milk or cream
2-3 Tablespoons sugar or maple syrup
1 vanilla bean, slit down the side
3-4 Tablespoons lychee or another fruit juice
lychee, cut into thin pieces
mango, sliced into thin strips
your favorite jam or preserves (optional)
fresh mint, washed and stemmed (optional)
1/4 cup toasted dessicated coconut

Rinse rice until water runs clear. Add water, milk, sugar and vanilla, cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit for 20 minutes (don’t lift the lid!!). While the rice is steaming prepare your work station and the fruit.

After the rice is steamed stir the rice while mixing in the lychee juice. Remove vanilla bean. The rice should be creamy, and not too thick. Spread out the rice on your plastic wrapped sushi roller, top with preserves, mint, and fruit. Roll; slice into 1-2 inch pieces; roll each piece in toasted coconut and serve with crème anglaise., null, null, Blue Fuji Restaurant 
38 Salem Street, Medford, MA.
TEL: (781) 388-1888, Shabu shabu is Japanese style meat hot pot where pieces of thinly sliced meat, seafood, vegetables, mushrooms and tofu, are cooked by dipping them into a hot soup. The bite sized pieces are then dipped into a ponzu citrus or sesame sauce before being eaten., Soba Noodles
Soba noodles are native Japanese noodles made of buckwheat flour (soba-ko) and wheat flour (komugi-ko). They are roughly as thick as spaghetti, and prepared in various hot and cold dishes. The most basic soba dish is zaru soba in which boiled, cold soba noodles are eaten with a soya based dipping sauce (tsuyu).

Like pasta, soba noodles are available in dried form in supermarkets, but they taste best if freshly made by hand from flour and water. Soba making has also become a popular tourist attraction for domestic and international travelers. The activity is offered by many community centers and travel tour companies. Below you will find an illustrated description of the soba making process.

1st step: Mixing the flour

The first step, mixing the flour with water into a dough, is considered the most important and difficult part of making soba noodles. The correct amount of water is added step by step to the flour and mixed for several minutes until the flour becomes moist enough to be formed into a dough. The dough is then pressed until it becomes very smooth and contains no more air. 

2nd step: Rolling the dough

The dough is then rolled into a thin square by repeatedly rolling it around a wooden rolling stick.

3rd step: Cutting the dough

At last, the dough is folded and cut into the noodles. 

For zaru soba, the noodles are then boiled and cooled down with cold water, before served with a soya based dipping sauce (tsuyu), wasabi, nori seaweed and negi (Japanese leek). The water used to boil the noodles (soba-yu) is often added to the remaining tsuyu and drunk at the end of the meal.

Other popular soba dishes are noodle soups with various toppings, such as Kitsune Soba, Tanuki Soba and Tsukimi Soba. Despite the name, the popular dish Yakisoba is not made with soba noodles, but rather with Chinese style noodles (chukamen)., What you can find in Blue Fuji is top quality and healthy Japanese food!, BlueFuji Organic Sushi 
We open 
Monday to Thursday 11:00am--10:00pm
Friday to Saturday 11:00am--11:00pm
Sunday 11:00am--10:00pm
Make reservation please call 781-388-1888, Currently, Udon noodle popularity has gone beyond their boundaries and more and more been recognized and appreciated all over the world., null, Seaweed: Mother Nature’s Health Miracle 
Have you ever given any thought to seaweed?

For the majority of people seaweed conjures up an image of a smelly, green or brown, unpalatable tough weed washed up on a shoreline somewhere. Alternatively, it could be that dried stuff you get in sushi bars or Japanese and Chinese restaurants. Very few people realize the health benefits of seaweed and just how versatile it really is.

Described as “perfectly balanced natural food” certain seaweeds, like certain land plants have been used for centuries by different cultures for medicinal and nutritional purposes, fertilizers and even to awaken sexual desire.

Seaweed has been confirmed as one of Nature’s “all- round pharmaceutical miracles” with claims that it can accomplish everything from warding off and treating several types of cancer, lower cholesterol and blood pressure, thin the blood, prevent ulcers, kill bacteria and even cure constipation.

It’s not just the Japanese who have appreciated the health benefits from daily consumption of seaweed either as there are reports of people living high in the Andes consuming it on a regular basis. Both cultures are renowned for their hardiness but just why is this natural vitamin supplement so good for us? The answer is the ocean.

For millions of years minerals and nutrients have been draining from the land into the sea and it is more or less a constant chemical medium.

The ocean contains the same minerals and trace elements as human blood and these are integrated into the living tissue of seaweed. As the seaweed is organic (easily broken down) and the natural vitamins, foundation minerals and vital nutrients are in such an easy to assimilate form, this wonderful sea vegetable is of huge nutritional benefit and really is a natural whole food vitamin supplement.

For example, it has been estimated that certain seaweeds are up to 30 times higher in minerals than land food, which is affected by depleted nutrient levels in our soils.

Many people are understandably concerned about consuming produce from the oceans these days because of media reports of pollution, but this issue is widely misunderstood. Generally the ocean is a far less polluted growing medium than land soil especially farm soil because of the widespread use of pesticides, insecticides and fertilisers as well as airborne industrial pollutants.

Some seaweeds, particularly certain varieties of wrack have been the subject of scientific study over many years in connection with specific medical conditions where they have been found not only to have therapeutic value, but are a powerful nutritional component in a wide range of treatments.

For several years seaweed has been used as part of the protocol for detoxification in mercury amalgam extraction and may prove helpful where there is evidence of mineral imbalance and thyroid disorders.

The thyroid gland directly affects metabolism and regulates many other bodily functions. It requires iodine to operate smoothly and seaweed is a rich source.

In ancient Egypt seaweed was used as a treatment for patients with breast cancer but the modern use of chemo and radiation therapy makes the health benefit of seaweed far more evident because it provides a natural detox.

Seaweed has no significant fat and contains a high level of the rare antioxidant, selenium, making it exceptional value in candida treatment.

Cholesterol, blood pressure, heart disease are all familiar medical conditions in our modern society and a link has often been made to high salt intake. Very small amounts of whole salt, ideally in the form of seaweed have been shown to be an antidote to excess sodium consumption.

Also, seaweed can prove beneficial for bronchitis and other respiratory infections as it is a natural multivitamin containing soothing, mucilaginous gels which specifically rejuvenate the lungs and gastrointestinal tract.

Another problem seaweed can assist with is helping the body to maintain the acid/alkaline balance in blood, lymph and cells. Modern diet tends to favor carbohydrates, protein and fats, which can all become surplus acid deposits if our bodies do not have the means to fully metabolize them. Often this produces food allergy and intolerances, with acid build up in the system which is a cause of heartburn, indigestion, and ulcers. Seaweed can neutralize these acids so they can be safely eliminated and help restore balance.

Seaweed has been described as “the most nutritious form of vegetation on this planet”, so the next time you spot some on the sea shore remember it is far more than a smelly weed!, This is one of the most simple traditional dish in Japanese cuisine. It is called "hiyayakko" in Japanese, meaning "cold tofu". It is so pleasant to enjoy this dish on a hot summer day. However, I heard that yiyayakko was first discovered when a block of silken tofu was left outside in the cold weather. Though the tofu turned very cold but it still offers a fresh taste.

I first knew about this way of serving tofu when I worked in a traditional Japanese restaurant in Vietnam. Cold tofu was so a popular dish that it was often ordered by more than half of the customers. The tofu looks simple but very elegant on the serving dish. In Japan, cold tofu is a popular dish in the meal of ordinary people.

On the dish, the tofu looks pure and fresh. Silken tofu is often used due to its smooth texture and soft structure. The cotton tofu is sometimes used, but with less popularity. There are different ways to make a block of tofu cold. Traditionally, Japanese people prefer to let it cold naturally in cold water. Nowadays, it is easy to get a box of silken tofu in almost every Asian supermarket where the tofu boxes are displayed in chilled section. If you got the tofu from the supermarket, just open it, take the tofu out of the box, pour boiling water over the tofu to remove any impurities, then put the tofu back into the fridge until serving time.

Cold tofu is completed with some toppings. There are two things that must always be present there, traditionally, which are chopped spring onion and katsuobushi (or bonito – a kind of dried, fermented and smoked tuna). Other things may be topped on the tofu are mustard, plum paste, grated ginger, sliced okra, yuzu rind and perilla leaf. Serve with Japanese soysauce (Kikkoman is a recommended brand)., Miso soup is a traditional Japanese soup consisting of a stock called "dashi" into which softened miso paste is mixed. Many ingredients are added depending on regional and seasonal recipes, and personal preference., Noodles are a staple part of Japanese cuisine. They are often served chilled with dipping sauces, or in soups or hot dishes.

Ramen are thin, wheat-based noodles made from wheat flour, salt, water, and kansui, a form of alkaline water. The dough is risen before being rolled. They were imported from China during the Meiji Period. Ramen noodles have a firm texture and are usually pale yellow in color. The noodles may vary in shape, width, and length. They are served in a broth. Examples of ramen dishes are miso ramen, shio ramen, tonkotsu ramen, and shoyu ramen.

Shirataki are clear noodles made from konnyaku. These noodles are chewy or rubbery. Shirataki are used to add texture to dishes such as sukiyaki and oden.

Soba is a noodle made from buckwheat and wheat flour. Soba noodles are available dried or fresh. They may be served hot or cold with dipping sauce. Examples of soba dishes are zaru soba (chilled), kake soba, tempura soba, kitsune soba, and tororo soba. Although the popular Japanese dish Yakisoba includes "soba" in its name, the dish is made with Chinese style noodles (chūkamen).

Sōmen noodles are a very thin, white, wheat-based noodle. They are usually served chilled in the summertime with dipping sauces although they may be used in soups and other hot dishes. Sōmen noodles are very similar to hiymugi and udon noodles, only they are thinner (about 1.3mm in width). Somen requires oil in its manufacture. During the summer months Japanese consume chilled sōmen to stay cool.

Hiyamugi are wheat flour noodles similar to sōmen and udon noodles and somewhere in between the two in size. These noodles are often served in the same manner as sōmen and udon noodles. While they are mostly white, there are bundles mixed with noodles of pinkish or brown hues.

Udon are the thickest of the noodles served in Japanese Cuisine. Udon are white, wheat-based noodles, that are 4-6mm in width. These noodles are served chilled with a dipping sauce in the summer months, or in hot dishes and soups when the temperature is cooler. Udon dishes include kitsune udon, Nabeyaki udon, curry udon, bukkake udon, and yaki udon. However, sara udon is made using a different kind of noodle which is crispy., Japanese Okonomiyaki 

Ingredients
 	Bacon	12 Ounce, sliced
 	Water	1 1/3 Cup (16 tbs)
 	Eggs	4 Small
 	All purpose flour	3 Cup (16 tbs)
 	Salt	1 Teaspoon
 	Cabbage	1 Medium, sliced
 	Pickled ginger	2 Tablespoon, minced
 	1/4 cup tonkatsu sauce or barbeque sauce
Directions
Fry the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until slightly crispy. Remove to paper towels to drain and set aside.
In a large bowl, stir together the water and eggs. Gradually stir in the flour and salt until smooth. Add the cabbage and ginger; stir until evenly distributed.
Heat a skillet over medium heat and coat with cooking spray. Pour about 1/4 of the batter into the center of the skillet. Place 4 slices of cooked bacon in the center. Use a spatula to shape the pancake into a circle. Fry for about 5 minutes or until the edges are dry. Flip and cook on the other side until the center is stable and it is browned on both sides. Remove from the pan and drizzle with tonkatsu sauce to serve. Continue with remaining batter and bacon., Nutritions of Japanese Sesame Green Beans, Many people are afraid to try new things, especially anything having to do with raw fish. But sushi is nothing to be afraid of. First of all, the raw fish in sushi isn't entirely raw. It has been processed in some way or another. The fish may be soaked, pickled or blanched and frozen.

California roll and teaThose who have entered the sushi world do so not only for the taste but for the high nutritional value sushi offers, according to www.wikipedia.org. There are excellent carbohydrates (the good kind...to any of you Atkins dieters) in the rice and vegetables. The roasted seaweed wrapping the sushi is rich in vitamins and minerals. Of course, a lot of protein comes from the fish and other meats. Plus, fish is low in unsaturated fat. Because the fish is prepared raw, extra fat isn't added.

If this Web site still doesn't convince sushi avoiders, you can still play it safe with your first time at a sushi bar. Try a California roll which has crab, avocado and cucumbers. There are many rolls that don't contain raw fish. Rolls like the Mexican roll have shrimp tempura on the inside. Some bars even have chicken tempura rolls. Sushi is made for anyone and should be enjoyed by everyone!, Sushi Box offers the largest selection of sushi, Exclusive Health Benefits of Sea Salt

Do not be left behind, cooking with Sea Salt instead of table salt is proven to be much healthier. This week we will explain the benefits of using Sea Salt in all your meal preparations.  Sea Salt is obtained naturally from the sea, unlike table salt, which is heavily processed. Sea Salt can help lower the risk of both Asthma and Diabetes. Remember the best way to lower your daily sodium intake is to STOP eating processed foods.

Health Benefits of Sea Salt
1.Weight Loss.  Sea Salt aids the body in digestion.
2.Cleans Your Teeth.  Sea Salt contains fluoride, which helps to keep teeth feeling fresh and clean.
3.Pain Reliever.  Next time you are sore add a cup of Sea Salt 4.Prevent Osteoporosis.  Sea Salt is absorbed to through the bones, which then strengthens the bones and can help stop the formation of osteoporosis.
5.Immune System Booster.  Consuming Sea Salt naturally helps protect you from getting sick., We open  
Monday to Thursday 11:00am--10:00pm
Friday to Saturday    11:00am--11:00pm
Sunday                     11:00am--10:00pm
Make reservation please call 781-388-1888, If you are not brave enough, no one will back you up., Unagi Nigiri Sushi, Can prawns and vitamin C kill you? Scientists bust the myth, Bacon Wrapped Prawns – Stuffed with Jalapeno Cream Cheese and Drizzled with Honey, Raw Sushi

For the Rice:
2 Cups Macadamias
2 TB Agave Nectar
3 TB CocoPura Virgin Coconut Oil
Pinch of Salt
Step 1: Process all ingredients until rice like.
Step 2: Press into sushi molds. You can get these at Asian markets for a few dollars.
Step 3: Place in the freezer to set and firm up while making the dipping sauce and fruit topping.

For the Raspberry Dipping Sauce:
1 Cup Fresh Water
1 Cup Fresh Raspberries
1 Cup Soft Pitted Dates to thicken.
Blend until smooth and pour into decorated saucers for dipping the sushi.
Options: Pomegranates, raspberries or blackberries look fantastic on the tray next to the sushi pieces. Remove the “rice” pieces from the freezer, and top them with thinly sliced fruit such as strawberries, mango, blueberries halved, and mint leaves. Be fun and creative!, This is a fun recipe to make - don't be put off by the instructions as it's actually very quick once everything is assembled and ready to go!
Obviously, to make more, just double or quadruple the ingredients.

Ingredients:
115g/5oz short grain brown rice
230-300ml/8-10fl oz cold water
1 tsp vegan low-salt bouillon powder
1 sheet nori
1½ tsp tahini
1 tbsp shoyu soya sauce
1 medium carrot, grated
1 tsp fresh ginger, grated

Plus 1 of these options
Thinly sliced cucumber
Thin strips of avocado
Sauerkraut (pickled cabbage in a jar)
Toasted sesame seeds
Spring onion greens, chopped

To serve: Diluted soya sauce (preferably shoyu or tamari type) Wasabi (Japanese horseradish) - very hot! Good for clearing the sinuses! You buy it dried from large supermarkets or health/oriental stores and mix with water according to instructions. Try a very tiny dab - about a matchstick tip's worth - until you're sure how hot how you like it.

Salad Select from these: 2 handfuls of Pak Choi, Cos, Lollo Rosso, Lamb's lettuce plus 1 handful of watercress and/or rocket Beansprouts

Method:
1. Cook the rice in the water and bouillon powder until it is well-cooked and slightly sticky - about 25-30 minutes. (Add a little more water if necessary but don't drown it. You want all the liquid to be absorbed by the end of the cooking process).

2. Meanwhile, prepare the other ingredients, including 1 or 2 from the options if desired. Make the salad now if you have time.

3. If you don't have a sushi mat, wet a clean tea-towel and wring it out well so that it's just a little damp.

4. Let the rice cool. It should be fairly sticky and just slightly warm - this makes it easier to roll.

5. If the Nori isn't ready-toasted (see the packet), do this now - simply toast it carefully by holding it by a corner over a gas flame or hot electric ring until it turns green.

6. Place the nori sheet carefully on sushi mat/damp tea-towel.

7. Spread the rice thinly on nori sheet, leaving a 1cm/half inch gap at the top and bottom.

8. With a chopstick or handle of a wooden spoon, make a horizontal indentation in the middle of the rice.

9. Spread the tahini in the gap and then add the grated carrot.

10. Add another option, such as cucumber or watercress at this stage.

11. Using the mat/tea-towel, roll the nori up into a mini Swiss roll, making sure you keep pulling the leading edge of the mat/towel back so it doesn't get rolled into the sushi.

12. Continue rolling tightly until the uncovered top edge of the nori is reached.

13. Wet this edge with a little cold water and complete rolling - this will sel the sushi.

14. Slice the roll in half with with a sharp knife, making sure you cut through all the nori.

15. Then slice each half into 3 or 4 pieces.

16. Serve on the nicest plate you have, preferably plain white, with a little diluted soya sauce or aminos and a dab of wasabi - and the green salad., The Best and Worst Sushi Rolls
Not all sushi is created equal! Sushi is often touted as being healthy, and while some rolls are full of nutrients and low in calories, others can be deep-fried and loaded with mayonnaise! One sushi roll (6-8 pieces) can range anywhere from 150 to 700 calories! So before you order your next roll, here are the basics.

Tempura means the sushi is battered and deep-friend, so it’s high in fat and calories. If you’re watching your waistline, you definitely want to avoid tempura anything – even vegetables!

Sashimi is raw fish that has been very thinly sliced and served by itself. Pregnant women should not consume sashimi, but otherwise sashimi is a healthy choice that’s full of heart healthy omega-3s!

The Best and Worst Rolls

Best:
Rainbow Roll – 476 calories, 16 g fat, 6 g fiber. This roll may have more calories than most,but it’s full of healthy ingredients, including avocado, surimi, and a variety of raw fish arranged on top. Just stick to one roll!

Cucumber Roll – 136 calories. This nonfat roll isn’t exactly full of nutrition, but it’s a low calorie option that delivers some vitamin A and fiber. You can’t go wrong with cucumbers!

Avocado Roll – 140 calories, 5 g fat. Just nori, rice, and avocado, this roll is low in calories and a great source of healthy monounsaturated fats and fiber.

Tuna Roll – 184 calories, 2 g fat. This roll is packed with protein – 24 grams to be exact! That’s like eating an entire can of tuna fish, but so much better. It’s also low in fat, with only 2 grams.

Other healthy rolls are salmon and avocado rolls, california rolls,

Worst:
Spicy Tuna Roll – 290 calories, 11 g fat. Most “spicy” rolls mean you’re getting a heaping spoonful of mayo spiked with chili sauce. That means you’re looking at a minimum of 290 calories, sometimes more depending on how much the chef adds. Stick with the regular tuna roll and add a touch of wasabi instead.

Philadelphia Roll – 290 calories, 12 g fat. This roll might not have mayo, but it does have a good amount of unnecessary fat from cream cheese. It does have a healthy amount of salmon in it, so if it’s your favorite, enjoy it in moderation.

Eel and Avocado Roll – 380 calories, 17 g fat. Eel may be high in omega-3s, but this roll is also nearly always accompanied with a sugary, brown sauce. At nearly 400 calories per roll, this isn’t your best option., California Maki Sushi with Sesame - Roll made of Imitation Crab, Avocado, Cucumber, Japanese Mayonnaise inside. Sesame outside, Where can find Blue Fuji Restaurant? 
It is located in 38 Salem Street, Medford, MA., Niceness cuisine always leaves endless aftertaste in people., These sushi rolls are full of veggies and high-protein crabmeat which is also low in calorie and free of carbs. A healthy option if consumed in moderation.

Ingredients
• 2 cups sushi rice
• 2 cups water + water for rinsing
• 2 tablespoons black bean  garlic sauce
• 1 cup shredded carrots
• 2 cups shredded cabbage
• 1 teaspoon sugar + 1 tablespoon
• 1 cup lump crab meat
• 4 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar
• 3 roasted seaweed  sheets
• 1 avocado, thinly sliced
• 1 mango, thinly sliced
• Chopped scallions
• Chipotle mustard, optional
• Pickled ginger, optional
• Soy sauce, optional

Directions
1. Rinse rice in cold water until water is almost clear.
2. Place the rice and 2 cups of water into a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat, uncovered. Once it has come up to a boil, reduce heat to low and cover. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 10 minutes.
3. Transfer rice to a large bowl.  In a separate small bowl, mix vinegar, salt and 1 teaspoon sugar.  Add vinegar mixture to rice two tablespoons at a time and fold over rice until well-combined.  Let rice cool completely.
4. In a large skillet, heat black bean garlic sauce and add carrots, cabbage and sugar.  Cook for about 10 minutes over medium heat.  
5. Fold in lump crab meat.  Transfer to a large bowl and let cool.
a. Tip: to save time, prepare crab meat mixture while rice is cooking.
6. To prepare sushi rolls, wrap bamboo mat with plastic wrap and place over cutting board.
7. Add about 1/3 of the cooked rice onto the mat and spread using the tips of dampened fingers.  (Keep a water bowl within arm’s reach)
8. Place seaweed sheet over rice.  Add 3 slices each avocado and mango.
9. Spread over about 1 ½ tablespoons crabmeat mixture.
10. Roll up from bottom using mat to assist.  Repeat to make three rolls in total.
11. With a sharp knife, cut rolls into 6 pieces (these are quite large so we cut into 8 pieces).  
a. Tip:  Dip knife in water and wipe clean with towel between each cut.
12. Serve with chipotle spicy mustard, pickled ginger and top with chopped scallions., Is Sushi a good food to eat on a diet ?
People have this perception that sushi is a really healthy food, which it is, but people also for some reason have this idea that sushi is just rolls. So, they think sushi rolls are healthy. It really depends on the roll.One typical Americanized sushi roll (something like a Dragon roll) can be up to 800 calories... maybe even more.As mentioned earlier, fish is extremely high in Omega 3s, but not all sushi contains fish. Sushi, by definition, is vinegar rice, usually topped with another ingredient, the most common ingredient being raw fish, but that doesn't mean raw fish IS sushi. Raw fish alone is called sashimi. Also, fish doesn't just contain omega 3 fats; it also has saturated fats, but the amount of saturated fat is quite a bit less.California rolls are terrible, and they are definitely not the best for you; many of them have mayo...Try some nigiri,Also, if you're going to eat sushi with fish, you shouldn't eat a lot. Depending on the species, fish can have a lot of mercury. people are overly paranoid of it, but it is a concern of modern day society. Salmon is an example of a fish with low mercury content while fish like tuna, yellowtail, and swordfish are examples of fish with high in mercury content.
However, to ensure you are getting the cleanest fish possible, I recommend going to sushi restaurants ONLY if the sushi chefs were born in and trained to make sushi in Japan. They know the best way to handle the fish., Now, if you decide to organize a Te-Maki Sushi Party, make sure that you have plenty of “neta”/fillings ready for your guests to easily choose from.
Bear in ind the priorities of your guests. Vegan and vegatarian sushi are very easy to provide for. If need be prepare different plates of ingredients.
Next you need nori/海苔/ dried sheets of seaweed. Cut to the size most appropriate to your te-maki. keep in mind the appetite of ypur guests. Some might want them small, others large. Do experiment!
Prepare enough sushi rice for all to fill their te-maki with.
I would suggets you make at least 3 large bowls of them:
One seasoned with sesame seeds like the Missus does all the time, one plain, and another one seasoned with an ingredient of your choice: finely chopped pickle, chopped cooked shiitake, and so on.

TECHNIQUES:
The above te-maki includes three ingredients: avocado, katsuo/bonito and fresh salmon sashimi.
Spread a triangle of sushi rice on the left half of the nori/dry seaweed.
The seaweed sheets ought to be cut in half along their length first.
Place the ingredients over the rice as shown in picture.
Start rolling from the left.
Keep turning until you have completed the cone!

FILLINGS SUGGESTIONS:
Hera is a group of four different te-maki as a combination suggestion with ingredients that should please both Japanese and non-Japanese.
Do experiment!
Kimchi, tuna flakes, mayonnaise and sesame seeds!
Crab meat and mayonnaise. You could add some green leaf vegetables, too!
Asparaguses (boiled), tuna flakes and mayonnaise. You could include some curry powder in the mayonnaise!
Salmon roe. Season the roe with a little soy sauce first! Some wasabi would be welcome, too!, I like people who make me laugh in spite of myself., Creative Sushi Balls, Interesting Cartoon Sushi., Recipe for Fresh and Fruity Sushi
Serves 1 (double, triple or quadruple the recipe to suit your needs)

Ingredients

1 Sheet of toasted Nori Seaweed
1 C. Cooked Sushi Rice
2 Tbs. Seasoned Rice Wine Vinegar
1 Small Carrot, julienned
1/2 Cucumber, seeds removed and julienned
1/2 Avocado, sliced into thin strips
1 Large Strawberry, sliced

Tamari, Nama Shoyu or Soy Sauce for dipping
Pickled Ginger and Wasabi, optional for garnish

Instructions
Cook your sushi rice. I took 1 1/2 C. short grain sticky sushi rice and 2 C. water, brought it to a boil, reduced heat to low and simmered covered for 20 minutes. Then, FLUFF WITH FORK, and add 2 Tbs. Seasoned Rice Wine Vinegar. Set aside for now.

Julienne and slice all ingredients.

Place a bamboo sushi mat on a cutting board and top with a sheet of nori.

With WET hands, spread the sushi rice thinly across 7/8 of the nori. Leave about a 1" space where you won't put any rice.

Add your ingredients in the middle of the nori sheet.

Take the edge of the bamboo mat, and start rolling it up. THE TIGHTER THE BETTER. Really squeeze that sucker.

Then with damp hands, wet the edge of nori where there isn't any rice. Use this to finish rolling up the sushi, and seal the sushi log.

Wet your knife under running water.

Slice the sushi into bite-sized pieces.

Place on a plate and add your optional garnishes. I ate mine along with some store-bought seaweed salad. (The ginger was store-bought too, my local Whole Foods sells it right next to their prepared sushi.)

Serve and enjoy!, For years it has been the go-to punishment for parents, "eat your broccoli or else..." But maybe those parents were on to something. We should be eating our broccoli. Broccoli is a nutritional gold mine. Broccoli has been shown to help with everything from improving vision to fighting cancer to strengthening bones.

Why it's good for us:
Broccoli is one of those heralded super foods that really lives up to the hype. A single cup of raw, chopped broccoli is full of protein, vitamin E, thiamin, riboflavin, calcium, iron, magnesium, phosphorus and selenium, and if that weren't enough, it's also a very good source of fiber, vitamins A, C, K and B6 as well as folate, potassium and manganese and only 31 measly calories.

Why it's really, really good for us (or top 10 reasons to eat more broccoli):

It helps maintain a healthy weight. In addition to being very low in calories, broccoli is full of fiber. Fiber helps to keep us feeling full longer, so in turn, we eat less.

It improves brain function. Broccoli contains a high amount of potassium, which helps to maintain the electrical conductivity of the brain and has also been shown to help in higher brain functions such as memory and learning.

It lowers blood pressure. Broccoli is also a good source of magnesium and calcium, both of which help to regulate blood pressure.

It fights free radicals. Broccoli is chock full of vitamin C, which is one of those powerful antioxidants that fights free radicals. Just one cup of chopped broccoli contains your entire recommended daily allowance of Vitamin C.

It strengthens bones. Broccoli contains high levels of both calcium and vitamin K, both of which are important for bone health and prevention of osteoporosis.

It repairs skin. Broccoli is helpful in repairing skin damage thanks to the glucoraphanin it contains, a compound that helps the skin to detoxify and repair itself.

It prevents cancer. The glucoraphanin also helps the body to produce the anti-cancer compound sulforaphane. In addition, broccoli also contains indole-3-carbinol, a powerful antioxidant compound and anti-carcinogen found to not only hinder the growth of breast, cervical and prostate cancer, but also boosts liver function.

It strengthens immune systems. The beta-carotene in broccoli helps to enhance our immune system. And the trace minerals, such as zinc and selenium, further act to give our immune system a little boost.

It protects eyesight. The beta-carotene in broccoli can also protect the eyes against macular degeneration and prevent cataracts.

It may reduce risk of Alzheimer's disease. Studies have shown that a diet high in folate may reduce the risk of Alzheimer's disease; broccoli is full of folate.

How to choose:
Broccoli is available all year round, but the peak season is October through April, depending on where you live in the country.

When shopping for broccoli, the key things to look for include:

    closed, green florets without brown spots
    no soft areas or stalks that are discolored or slimy
    leaves that aren't wilted

The only bad thing about broccoli is how quickly it goes bad. It lasts a little longer if you store it unwashed (just wash before you use) in a plastic bag in the refrigerator. But even then it only lasts three to four days; it's best eaten within a day or two of purchasing.

How to eat:
Broccoli is so versatile. You can eat it raw, steamed, stir-fried; whatever your imagination can dream up. However, it's important to note that broccoli has some added benefits when you eat it steamed. Steaming the broccoli allows the fiber to bind better in your digestive track making it easier for bile acids to be excreted. This in turn lowers your cholesterol levels. Raw broccoli still has cholesterol-lowering benefits, just not as much as steamed., Sushi for Beginners
Sushi can be scary for diners who have never sampled it before. The presentation is intimidating, and the menu is strange. After all, it's raw fish! Start with sushi for beginners, though, and you may well fall in love.

Starter sushi

Technically, sushi is seafood served with vinegar-seasoned rice in a variety of elegant presentations. Sashimi is the term for fish or meat sliced, chilled and elegantly arranged.

Makizushi is fish surrounded by rice and a strip of seaweed. To make it, a chef rolls up fish or other filings inside a nori seaweed or omelet casing. A roll is formed that looks rather like sausage. Then it is neatly sliced into circles. Makizushi can be vegetarian or can contain tuna, salmon or combinations or foods. The mild flavor and delicate appearance of this form of sushi make it a fine choice for beginners.

Nigirizushi is a small mound of rice topped with a piece of seafood and perhaps garnished with wasabi. It can feature shrimp, salmon, tuna or less familiar choices. Diners usually dunk it in soy sauce and savor it slowly.

Gunkan is a package of seafood atop rice that is wrapped with a strip of seaweed. Fish roe is often served this way. People who like caviar usually like fish roe in gunkan.

Delicious ingredients

Shari is short grain rice. It forms the base of sushi dishes, dressed with vinegar and small amounts of salt and sugar. Sometimes sake or kombu seaweed is mixed in, too.

Nori is the dark green seaweed that decorates many sushi creations. It's salty, with a delicate papery consistency.

Wasabi is potent. The taste is somewhere between horseradish and hot mustard. Try a tiny dab of this beautiful green condiment, not a mouthful.

Ponzu is a citrus-flavored sauce that contains fish flakes, seaweed, vinegar and mirin wine, along with the Japanese citrus fruit yuzu.

Shoyu is Japanese-style soy sauce. Many sushi creations are meant to be dunked in shoyu by the diner.

Gari is marinated pickled ginger. This delicately pink or pale yellow condiment cleanses the palate between pieces of sushi.

Neta is the amazing variety of fish and seafood that flavors sushi. Vegetarian sushi is also available, including cucumber, tofu and egg.

Sushi technique

If the waitress brings you a warm towel, clean your hands. Separate your chopsticks if they are joined, and quietly feel them to see if they have splinters. Only rub them together if there are splinters.

Start with sashimi, to follow custom. Proceed to mild sushi, then spicier varieties, and then perhaps global sushi or soup.

Eat sushi with chopsticks or with your fingers. However, do not take a piece of sushi from a common platter with your hands. If you use chopsticks to eat sushi, reverse them when you take sushi from common plates. If you eat with your hands, you need not reverse your chopsticks to serve yourself.

Put soy sauce on the fish, not on the rice. Either invert the sushi and dip only the fish, or hold a slice of ginger in your chopsticks to baste with soy. Do not put soy sauce on sushi that is already sauced. That's like putting catsup on a French chef's ragout.

A sushi chef is a skilled artisan. Be sure to show your appreciation of his work.

The dangers of sushi

Mercury is a well-known danger for those who eat large amounts of certain fish. Pregnant or potentially pregnant women and small children should be careful, but for most adults occasional sushi is fine. Seafood highest in mercury includes bluefin tuna, horse mackerel and swordfish.

Some raw fish, particularly salmon and mackerel, can contain parasites. Fish frozen overnight at very low temperatures is safe.

Finally, fugu and certain shellfish contain a deadly natural toxin. Avoid fugu outside Japan. Shellfish is generally safe, but avoid it if you feel unsure. There are many kinds of sushi to enjoy instead.

Global sushi

Many forms of "sushi" are not usually seen in Japan. Like many American foods, they can be thought of as inspired by the original dish.

A California roll contains rice, nori, avocado, cucumber and surimi, which is imitation crab.

An Alaska roll substitutes salmon for the surimi.

A Hawaiian roll uses canned tuna, egg or surimi, with colorful red and green dried shrimp powder.

A Philadelphia roll holds cream cheese, smoked salmon and cucumber or avocado.

Japanese sushi is low in fat, low in calories and full of vitamins and protein. Sit at the sushi bar if you can to enjoy the artistry of the chef as he prepares delicate and intricate tastes for you to savor., A good sushi rice recipe can make rolling your sushi much easier, making the entire process more enjoyable, from the creation to the consumption of your sushi rolls. Making sushi rice isn't difficult; it's just cooked rice mixed with sugary vinegar sauce.

Simple Recipe for Sushi Rice

Ingredients You Will Need:
1 cup sushi rice
1 cup water
2 tablespoons rice vinegar
2 tablespoons sugar
1 teaspoon sea salt
1 tablespoon mirin
1 inch kelp leaf

Pour the cup of rice into a pan, and fill partway with water. Swish the rice (with a clean hand) in the pot, and then drain the rice. Repeat this process until the water runs mostly clear. Pour the rice into a strainer, and let it drain into the sink for 45 minutes.

Cook the rice and water in your rice cooker according to directions.

While rice is cooking, combine rice vinegar, sugar, salt, mirin and kelp leaf in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring gently (try not to break up kelp leaf) until sugar is dissolved completely. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature. Remove the kelp leaf after mixture has cooled. Discard piece of kelp.

Let rice sit in rice cooker for 10 minutes after done cooking.

Combine cooked rice with vinegar mixture in a mixing bowl. As you mix the rice and vinegar sauce, fan the rice to remove excess moisture. Mix the rice carefully, trying to break as few grains of rice as possible. Let the rice sit until it has cooled to body temperature, and then prepare according to the particular sushi recipe you are following., Memory is a wonderful thing if you don't have to deal with the past., I really like the presentation of this sushi roll, Scallop Preparation and Cooking Tips

Always take care not to overcook scallops. They toughen easily. As soon as they loose their translucency and turn opaque, they are done.

Bake: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line the bottom of a shallow baking pan with aluminum foil and grease the foil. Lay the scallops in the prepared pan. Place the pan containing the scallops in the oven. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until white in color and slightly firm.

Broil: Place your scallops in a well greased pan about 3 to 4 inches from heat source. Brush the scallops liberally with melted butter. Cook until white in color and slightly firm.

scallops-dry-wet2Sauté: Dip cleaned scallops in milk and lightly dust with flour. Melt enough butter in a skillet to cover the bottom. When the butter is hot, but not burned, place the scallops in the skillet. Cook until lightly browned on each side, turning once.

Scallops are also excellent in a stir-fry or grilled on a skewer.

Thawing: Frozen scallops should be thawed under refrigeration at or below 38°. Running cold water over the scallops can help thaw them quicker. Be sure to have the scallops in a sealed bag when doing this so you don't rinse out their flavorful juices., We located in  38 Salem Street Medford, Massachusetts
 
Routine Direction:

Salem St Opp River St (101, 134, 326, 354, 355, 94, 95, 96)

37 Riverside Ave @ Medford Sq (101, 134, 326, 94, 95, 96)

City Hall Mall @ Salem St - Medford City Hall (101, 354, 355, 95), There is no key to happiness, the door is always open., Vegan Sushi, Spicy Scallops Sushi Roll!
INGREDIENTS (& ADVICE):

No need to be too precise about exact quantities here as personal tastes can (and ought to) be different!

-Sushi rice: as much as you will need (freshly made. See sushi rice recipe HERE)

-Nori/dry seaweed: use large sheets (maximum size)

-Scallops: Only fresh, please.

-Tobikko (Flying Fish roe): as fresh as possible.

-Tempura kasu: these are the pieces of batter found in the oil after frying tenpura. The Japanese do not throw them away! Scoop them out as early as possible and lay them on a piece of paper kitchen to take off excess oil. Let them cool completely. If you do use them immediately, store them by dee-freezing them inside an airtight vinyl pouch!

-Coarsely cruched peanuts. These with the tenpura kasu will add a welcome crunchiness.

-Mayonnaise.
Now, if you don’t like it, make a thick dressing. The trick is to make a simple vinaigrette with a lot of soft Dijon mustrd which will give it consistency.
Mayonnaise sold over the counter can cloying sweet. I would make my own, which is not difficult at all: one egg yolk + salt + pepper + vinegar.
Whisk them all until smooth. Add and whisk in olive oil little by little until you have enough. Point: all ingredients must be at room temperature!
I add some wasabi to it for extra taste!

-Chili pepper powder.

-Cucumber: finely chopped. Cut the cucumber in 5 cm, 2-inch long pieces. Cut each piece into thin slices. Cut the slices again into very fine strips.

RECIPE:

-In a bowl drop the scallops cut into small pieces. Add the tobikko/Flyiing Fish roe, tempura kasu, crushed peanuts, mayonnaise and chili pepper. Mix well. Taste and rectify the seasoning if needed.

-Spread a large sushi roll mat out and cover it with a sheet of nori/dry seaweed.

-Spread a layer of sushi rice over the whole nori/dry seaweed as equally as possible. Careful with the quantity. Too much and you won’t be able to roll it!

-Leave a small strip space at one extremity. Line with the cucumber in a half centimetre/less than half an inch wide strip.

-Leave a space between the cucumber and scallops mixture to obtain the same pattern as shown in above picture. Spread the scallops evenly. Leave a space at the other extremity to allow for a tight closing of the roll.

-Carefully roll the sushi from the cucmber end. Once completely rolled, pressed gently and evenly so as to allow the nori/seaweed to seal the roll.

-Unroll the mat. Cut the roll and serve at once.

-There is no real need for extra soy sauce or whatever dessing, but this a personal taste., null, Baked Lobster with Sliced Garlic and White, null, Spanish-Style Tuna Niçoise Salad
Serves 2 as a light dinner with leftovers, or 4

    2 cans Italian or Spanish chunk light tuna in olive oil, drained
    2 roasted red peppers, sliced thin
    2 scallions, sliced thinly with both green and white parts
    Leaves only from 6 sprigs of parsley, done in a chiffonade
    1 avocado, halved and diced
    Zest and juice from 1/2 lemon (or one lime, depending on what you have on hand)
    4 cups baby arugula, washed, drained and well-dried
    2 hard-boiled eggs, chopped (optional)
    4-6 Kalamata olives, roughly chopped (optional)
    Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
    1/4 homemade aioli (instructions below)

To make the aioli:  in a food processor or blender, add one jumbo egg yolk and 1-2 cloves garlic; start to process/blend and drizzle olive oil into the container until everything combines and is smooth; set aside.

Add tuna to a mixing bowl and flake with a fork, and add peppers, scallions, parsley, eggs, avocado, lemon zest and juice to the bowl–if you can, try to let it sit for an hour in the refrigerator to let the flavors meld. Arrange on a platter that has been lined with the arugula, garnish with the olives and a drizzle of the aioli and serve., It looks appetizing, null, Wonderful food and comfortable atmosphere, Grilled Chicken Teriyaki Kebobs
Ingredients

    1 1/2 lbs boneless skinless chicken breasts, diced into 1 1/2 inch pieces
    2 small green bell peppers (or 1 1/2 large), diced into 1 1/2 inch pieces
    2 small red bell peppers (or 1 1/2 large), diced into 1 1/2 inch pieces
    1 large yellow onion, diced into 1 1/2 inch wedges
    3 heaping cups fresh pineapple, diced into 1 1/2 inch chunks (and about 1/2 - 3/4 inch thick)
    Marinade/glaze
    3/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
    1/4 cup + 2 Tbsp apple cider vinegar
    1/3 cup packed light-brown sugar
    1/4 cup honey
    3 Tbsp orange marmalade
    1 tsp molasses
    1 tbsp finely grated fresh ginger
    2 cloves garlic, finely minced
    1/2 tsp freshly ground black pepper
    1 Tbsp cold water
    2 1/2 tsp cornstarch

Directions

    In a mixing bowl, whisk together soy sauce, apple cider vinegar, light-brown sugar, honey, orange marmalade, molasses, grated ginger, garlic and pepper. Reserve 1 cup of sauce mixture in a bowl in refrigerator and pour remaining sauce over diced chicken in a large ziploc bag. Seal bag and place bag in a bowl (to prevent leaks) in refrigerator and allow chicken to marinate 4 hours in refrigerator.
    To prepare glaze, pour reserved 1 cup sauce into a small saucepan. In a small bowl, whisk together 1 Tbsp cold water and cornstarch, then pour cornstarch mixture into saucepan and stir. Bring sauce just to a boil over medium high heat, stirring frequently. Once mixture reaches a boil, reduce heat and allow to gently boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.
    To prepare kabobs, using either metal skewers or water soaked wood skewers, thread a piece of marinated chicken (discard marinade), followed by an onion wedge, a chunk of red pepper, a chunk of green pepper and a chunk of pineapple, then repeat pattern twice and finish with an additional piece of chicken (I fit 4 pieces of chicken on the kebab total then 3 of everything else).
    Grill kebabs over medium heat, 12 - 16 minutes rotating once halfway through grilling, until chicken has fully cooked through. Remove from grill and brush kebabs with teriyaki sauce, serve warm with cooked white or brown rice if desired (alternately you can brush kebabs with teriyaki sauce during the last few minutes of grilling but I say why waste such good sauce that will drip to bottom of the grill)., Chicken Teriyaki
Marinated grilled chicken served with a sweet Teriyaki sauce. Can be eaten with rice, noodles or alone as a party food., Hey guys!Do remember to recommend our restaurant to your friends!, Which one do you like best?, Fabulous, positively mouthwatering, Super 5 Star Roll with Shut Up Sauce
Ingredients
Shut Up Sauce:

    1 cup cilantro leaves
    1/2 cup lemon juice
    1/4 tablespoon salt
    7 Thai chiles
    6 habanero chiles
    4 serrano chiles
    2 small slices white onion

Super 5 Star Roll:

    2 sheets spicy seaweed paper
    1 cup cooked sushi rice
    1/2 cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into long thin slices
    2 spicy salmon fillets (about 7 ounces each), uncooked
    4 ounces seared spicy tuna
    Special equipment: bamboo mat

Directions

For the shut up sauce: Combine the cilantro, lemon juice, salt, chiles and onions in a blender and mix for 5 minutes until smooth.

For the super 5 star roll: Cover the bamboo mat with a piece of plastic wrap. Place one sheet of seaweed paper onto the bamboo mat. Spread half the sushi rice onto the seaweed paper and press firmly to create an even layer. Turn the bamboo mat over so the rice becomes the outside of the sushi roll. Place half the spicy salmon and cucumbers onto the seaweed paper. Roll the bamboo mat forward, pressing the ingredients together into a roll. Remove the sushi from the bamboo mat/plastic wrap. Place half the seared tuna on top of the roll. Slice the sushi roll into bite-size pieces and cover in the shut up sauce. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.

This recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., Mitsuko's Perfect Sushi Rice

Ingredients

    3 3/4 cups Japanese rice, such as Nishiki (or 5 rice maker cups)
    3 3/4 cups water (or 5 rice maker cups)
    1/2 cup rice vinegar
    4 tablespoons sugar
    1 teaspoon salt

Directions

In a large bowl, add rice and cover with lots of water. Stir rice in water with your hands, then pour off most of the water, and agitate 10 to 15 times by quickly moving your hand back and forth, swishing rice against side of bowl. Rinse the rice several more times, until the water that drains off of the rice is almost clear. Transfer the rice to a colander and let drain for 1 hour, undisturbed. Transfer the rice to a rice cooker, add the water, cover, and cook as directed by manufacturer's directions.

While the rice is cooking, bring rice vinegar to a boil in a small saucepan, and then remove from the heat. Add sugar and salt and stir until dissolved. Allow to cool to room temperature.

When rice is done, allow cooked rice to remain in rice cooker for 10 minutes. Transfer rice to a large shallow mixing bowl (traditionally a wooden tub, called a hangiri), so that rice forms a mound in the center of the bowl. Using a diagonal slicing motion, gently cut into rice with a wooden paddle (called a kijakushi), and pour cooled vinegar mixture over top of rice. "Cut" rice several times to evenly distribute vinegar mixture, then allow to cool. Gently turn rice over from time to time with paddle so that rice cools evenly. You might want to consider using a fan if time is of the essence. When rice has cooled to body temperature, it is ready to use for sushi rolls. Rice can be kept at the proper temperature by placing it in an insulated container such as a small ice chest, covered with a damp kitchen towel., Fun Fruit Sushi
Ingredients

    1 tablespoon unsalted butter
    2/3 cup mini-marshmallows
    2 cups cooked rice (any)
    Nonstick vegetable oil spray
    1 banana, thinly sliced
    1/2 pint fruit medley, like strawberries, pineapple, kiwi, and cantaloupe
    Thinly sliced mini chocolate chips and toasted shredded coconut, for topping sushi, optional
    Special equipment: Nigiri sushi mold or plastic ice cube tray

Directions

To make sweet sticky "sushi" rice: In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, melt the butter and marshmallows until completely soft. Remove from the heat and stir in the cooked rice until well blended. Spray the nigiri mold or ice cube tray lightly with nonstick spray. Take slices of the fruit medley and place in the bottom of the mold or ice cube tray. Spoon in rice and press gently into the fruit. Unmold the "sushi" and top with mini chocolate chips and toasted coconut, if desired., We wish you Merry Christmas, Have you prepared for you Christmas feast?, Carrot, Celeriac, Radish and Cucumber Slaw Recipe
Ingredients & simple Directions: This side salad was excellent. Finely julienned carrot, celeriac, daikon radish, and cucumber – include cabbage if you like – in amounts of your own choosing. Dress it with mayonnaise and rice vinegar, a touch of soy, whisked together. The seaweed, Nori, is an important sushi ingredient so find ways to work it into the mix as you like, maybe julienned and sprinkled over all.

Confetti is in the air and the heart these days, might as well put some on a plate and eat it.

*Directions for Cooking Sushi Rice: According to the Sushi cookbook (Lulu Grimes):  rinse 1 1/4 cups sushi rice in cold water until it runs clear; place in a pan with a scant 1 1/2 cup water and bring quickly to a boil.  Turn heat down and simmer with lid on – instructions are emphatic about not removing the lid at all during this time – for another 10 minutes. Turn the heat off and let the rice stand for another 15 minutes, keeping the lid on and no peaking. Put cooked rice into a large shallow bowl; using a spatula, very gently toss with sushi rice seasoning so as to keep kernels in tact.  (I didn’t have the seasoning so I omitted it.)  In order to cool rice to room temperature as quickly as possible fanning is recommended; I put it outside for a few minutes., Taiwanese Cold Tofu Salad, Making sushi is a lot easier that it seems. The real key to well-presented sushi is having good utensils, such as a sushi mat and a sharp knife. Each ingredient can be prepped in advance and assembled when you're ready to serve, and when you make it at home, it's a fraction of the cost!
Ingredients

Yields: 40 sushi rolls
2-2/3 cups Japanese short-grained sushi rice
2-3/4 cups water, cold
3-½ tablespoons rice vinegar (or any white vinegar)
1-½ teaspoons light sesame oil (optional)
2-½ tablespoons superfine sugar (or granulated sugar)
1-½ teaspoons salt
11 small toasted nori sheets, 1 for rice seasoning
2 Hass avocados
juice of a lemon
3 Persian cucumbers, seeded and cut into matchsticks
1 (3-ounce) package goat cheese, cold
1-½ teaspoons sesame seeds
3 tablespoons wasabi paste, ready-made
2 cups ponzu soy sauce
¼ cup pickled ginger
6 Romaine lettuce leaves, large center vein removed, for garnish

Directions

Making furikake rice seasoning:

In a wok, dry toast the sesame seeds for about 1-2 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside.

Finely chop one small nori sheet.

In a bowl, combine the chopped nori, salt, sugar, and sesame seeds. Toss well.

Cooking sushi rice:

Wash and rinse the jasmine rice thoroughly in several water baths. Unlike basmati rice, no soaking time is needed. Drain as much water as possible.

I placed the rice in a rice cooker with water and waited for about 20 minutes. You could  also cook the rice on the stove. Just follow the instructions on the package or use the same procedure as for cooking jasmine rice.

Once the rice is cooked, sprinkle with rice vinegar and light sesame oil (if used). Using chopsticks, gently stir the rice without breaking the grains of rice. Allow to cool to room temperature.

Prepping the sushi filling:

Cut the goat cheese into long strips.

Peel the avocados, pit them and cut into long strips. Drizzle them with lemon juice to avoid oxidation.

On a large platter, arrange the cucumbers, avocados, goat cheese and 5 handfuls of rice.

Assembly time:

Line 2 sushi mats with plastic-wrap on both sides.

Place one small nori sheet on one mat. Sprinkle with furikake seasoning. Wet your hands with warm water and take one handful of rice. Divide it in half. Put one half in the nori sheet and spread it evenly., stopping ½-inch before the end of the rectangle. Cover with the other sushi mat. Gently press so the rice adheres to the nori sheet. Flip the whole thing over so the rice is facing down over the mat.

Remove the mat on top. Place long strips of avocado, the cucumber matchsticks and goat cheese in the center of the nori sheet. Using the sushi mat as a guide, tightly and slowly roll the sushi mat away from you until the rice meets the other end of the rice to seal the sushi. Press gently with both your hands for  about 10 seconds. Remove the rolled sushi and transfer to a cutting board, seam side down. Dip a very sharp kitchen knife in hot water, wipe it clean. Cut the California roll in half, then cut each half in half one more time. You'll obtain 4 pieces. Repeat the same procedure with the 9 remaining nori sheets, wiping the knife clean after slicing each roll.

Line a large platter with the lettuce leaves. Place the sushi rolls on the lettuce. Garnish with rolled pickled ginger on one side of the platter and wasabi paste on the other side.

Serve immediately with ponzu soy sauce on the side.

Finish the meal with an avocado shake.

Enjoy!, null, Blue Fuji Restaurant is a good place to spend your weekend., Good day for you!!, Interesting design" Sushi Ring", like it?, Oshi Sushi– Oshizushi hails from Osaka in south-central Japan. It is sushi that is pressed into a rectangular shape using a sushi press, also known as an “oshibako.” The toppings are laid at the bottom of the mold, and then covered in vinegar rice. The cover is pressed down on the ingredients to create a tight, rectangular block of sushi that can be cut into pieces., Inari sushi – Inarizushi is also known as “stuffed sushi.” It uses tofu instead of vinegar rice on the outside and usually contains the vinegar rice on the inside. The tofu “pouch” is deep fried to create “aburaage,” or fried tofu bags., How to Make Wasabi
A flavor-packed condiment mainly eaten with sushi and other Asian meals, wasabi is a striking green colored, potent variety of horseradish originating from Japan. Used as a condiment for meals and as a base ingredient in spreads and sauces, it adds heat and flavor to any meal.

Making wasabi is easy. You can make wasabi paste either from genuine wasabi root or powder or you can use an alternative recipe for a wasabi-like product that uses white horseradish, mustard and green food coloring instead of real wasabi. This latter mixture is akin to the pre-made "wasabi" paste you can purchase at the grocery store.
http://www.wikihow.com/Make-Wasabi, Nigiri Sushi

Less common in the vegan sushi world, nigiri simply means pressing or squeezing. Vegan nigiri sushi is therefore simply a vegetable pressed into a rectangular ball of rice, held together by a thin band of nori. Again, you can get creative with the veggies you use here. Steamed broccoli or cauliflower, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, and avocado are all great choices. Marinated tofu and TVP (texturized vegetable protein) also make for some good rice pressing., Maki Sushi

The most common variety of vegan sushi comes in the form of what is known as maki sushi, or sushi rolls. This is the typical veggie rice and nori roll. Nori is the black sushi seaweed that traditionally makes up the outside of the roll (though in California rolls, the rice is on the outside). What’s great about maki sushi is that a large variety of veggies can be used, and they can be mixed and matched. Let’s start with traditional Japanese versions:

Kappa maki, or the cucumber roll is the most popular sushi roll and can be found at every sushi restaurant in Japan and locally alike. Named after a Japanese water spirit, this type of sushi has a fresh, light taste.

Other popular rolls found in Japan and most traditional Japanese restaurants include oshinko (pickled daikon), kampyo (dried gourd), shitake mushroom, and, for those who are a little more adventurous, there’s natto (fermented soy bean) and umeboshi (sour pickled plums).

But maki doesn’t stop here. You can also get your maki on with some adapted varieties such as avocado, yam tempura (make sure the batter is egg-less), roasted asparagus, julienned carrots, mango, red pepper or any combination of the above.

Nigiri simply means pressing or squeezing. In the photo: a rectangular ball of rice, held together by a thin band of nori, topped by avocado.

I particularly enjoy avocado cucumber; the creamy texture of the avocado complements the crunchy cukes and with a little bit of soy sauce and gari (pickled ginger), it is like a matsuri in your mouth (that’s a Japanese festival)! Gari is a necessity for a complete sushi experience. Traditionally used to cleanse the palate after each piece of sushi, this pale pink or yellowy pickled ginger packs a pleasant punch and delivers lots of healthy goodness: it aids in digestion, treats nausea, diarrhea and pain, and can even help prevent some types of cancer., Soba Sushi Rolls Recipe
Ingredients
9 ounces dried soba noodles
1 medium mango (14 ounces)
1 medium Kirby cucumber (3 1/2 ounces), peeled
1/2 medium avocado (3 ounces), pitted and peeled
3 ounces smoked salmon
4 sheets nori seaweed
1/4 cup cold noodle sauce, found at any Asian grocery store
Directions: 

    Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Divide the soba noodles into 4 portions and bind one end of each together with a rubber band, being careful not to break the noodles. Add the noodles to the pot of boiling water and, using chopsticks, quickly separate the noodles to prevent them from sticking together. Cook the noodles over medium heat as instructed on the package. 
    Drain the cooked noodles in a colander with the rubber bands still in place. Rinse the noodles under cold tap water until they are no longer starchy. Drain them well and pat dry with a paper towel. Set aside.
    Peel, pit and cut the mango into ½ by 3½-inch sticks. Cut off the ends of the cucumber and cut it (skin on) into ½ by 3½-inch sticks.
    Cut the avocado into 8 strips. Stack the smoked salmon and cut it into 1-inch-wide strips.
    Place a bamboo rolling mat on your work surface. Place one of the nori sheets on top of the rolling mat, positioning it so that the edge of the nori sheet is at the edge of the rolling mat nearest you. Pick up one bundle of cooked noodles and place it at the near edge of the nori sheet with the tied end protruding from the right side.
    Cut off the tied end of the noodles and discard. Spread the noodles up and down the sheet until two-thirds of the sheet is covered, leaving the top uncovered.
    Place 2 sticks of the avocado across the end of the nori sheet closest to you. Place 3 sticks of mango next to the avocado. Follow the mango with the 3 sticks of cucumber and one-quarter of the smoked salmon. Roll the nori sheet tightly around the soba noodles and stuffing. Make the other three rolls.
    Cut each roll into 8 pieces. Serve with cold noodle sauce for dipping., Mango Sushi Rolls & Fuji Mango Madness
Makes 1 roll

2 cups freshly steamed Japanese rice (white or brown)
3 tablespoons coconut milk
1 teaspoon granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon freshly squeeze lime juice
pinch of salt
1 mango, sliced
1 soy wrapper sheet (or 1 sheet of nori)

1. Place the hot rice in a large bowl or dish. In a separate bowl, combine the coconut milk, sugar, lime juice, and salt and stir until the sugar dissolves. Fill a small bowl with water and a splash of rice vinegar and set aside.

2. Sprinkle half of the coconut milk mixture evenly over the rice, then toss the rice by gently cutting into it vertically with a rice paddle (or spatula), and then lifting the rice and turning it over, working from the outside of the bowl into the center. As you do this, fan the rice with a hand fan or piece of cardboard (or get someone to help you). Sprinkle the remaining coconut milk mixture over the rice and continue the cutting, folding, and fanning process. Fanning the rice facilitates quick cooling, which gelatinizes the surface of the rice and gives a glossy finish to the rice. Fan the rice so it cools to room temperature, about 5 minutes.

3. Place the soy wrapper sheet, shiny side down, on a bamboo sushi mat. Dip both hands in the bowl of water, shaking off the excess (this helps prevent the rice from sticking to your hands), then spread the cooled rice evenly over the soy wrapper, leaving about a 1-inch strip of space at the edge furthest away from you. Put the strips of mango horizontally across the middle of the rice.

4. Place your thumbs on the back of the bamboo mat of the edge nearest you and begin rolling forward tightly. Press gently and continue rolling forward to complete the roll.

5. Shape the roll by applying light, but even pressure with your hands. Remove the bamboo mat and set the roll on a cutting board, with seam on bottom, for a few minutes to let the edges of the soy wrapper fully adhere and set.

6. Wipe a sharp knife with a damp cloth and cut the roll in half. Cut each half into 3 pieces, wiping the knife after each cut, and arrange on a plate and serve., Japanese people consume a lot more fish than is typical in western countries and this is said to be a major factor in the country's relatively low rate of heart disease. Seafood is eaten in just about any form you can imagine, from raw sushi and sashimi to grilled sweetfish and clams. The spread of ¥100 kaitenzushi (conveyor belt sushi) restaurants has made sushi into a homegrown fast-food that offsets some of the influence of imports like McDonalds.Many people are surprised to learn that meat consumption was illegal in Japan until the ban was lifted during the Meiji Restoration in the 1870s. As the country opened up to western culture, eating habits also began to change. Now meat is increasingly part of the everyday Japanese diet, with yakitori (grilled chicken), yakiniku (Korean barbeque), gyudon (beef bowl) and of course the standard fare of foreign and local hamburger chain restaurants ubiquitous across the country. This has led to an increase in related health problems, though the Japanese still maintain their position as the world's longest-living people.

Japan's consumption of fish has its controversial side as well. The country buys up about three quarters of the global catch of tuna, for example, which has driven the bluefin tuna close to extinction. As sushi was traditionally an expensive food eaten mainly on special occasions, some blame the cheap and ready availability provided by kaitenzushi for this situation.

The consumption of whale meat was relatively minor and restricted to small coastal communities until the end of WWII, when the U.S. occupation forces pushed whale as a viable source of much-needed protein. As a result a whole generation of Japanese grew up eating whale meat in their school lunches, a practice that continued even despite international shift toward conserving whales threatened with extinction. But in the 21st century, the consumption of whale and dolphin meat seems to be dying out, regardless of right-wing pressures to maintain this "pillar of Japanese food culture."., The typical Japanese meal consists of a bowl of rice (gohan), a bowl of miso soup (miso shiru), pickled vegetables (tsukemono) and fish or meat. While rice is the staple food, several kinds of noodles (udon, soba and ramen) are cheap and very popular for light meals. As an island nation, the Japanese take great pride in their seafood. A wide variety of fish, squid, octopus, eel, and shellfish appear in all kinds of dishes from sushi to tempura., Japanese Traditional Dishes

The Japanese are known for emphasizing on certain seasonal food while putting together a great combination of ingredients and presenting it with finesse. But along with the rich and fanciful fare, you also have
the modest bowl of rice and the simplicity of the heritage Japanese country-style cooking. Okonomiyaki, Sashimi, Sushi, Tempura, Sukiyaki are all a few names of some of the staple food served in Japan. So, if you are looking forward to being experimentative and don't mind sampling grilled octopus or raw fish and eel, the food will not come as a disappointment to you.

Personally, I prefer Japanese cuisine to any other cuisine, though it can be a bit expensive. In terms of unique presentation and taste, there is no other cuisine that can match the traditional Japanese cuisine. Who would ever think that raw food could taste so amazing? For all of you who have not yet explored and discovered the pleasures of the traditional Japanese food, this article should help change your mind., Japanese Eating Habits

Even though rice consumptions in most Japanese households is said to be on the decline, rice is still considered to be the staple diet of the Japanese people. A steaming hot bowl of rice is included in most Japanese
bowls and even the side dishes are served with rice! From rice cakes or 'mochi' to regular bowls of rice, the Japanese simply love their rice!

Apart from rice, most meals end with a round of green tea - exotic to the core! A traditional Japanese breakfast would include steamed rice, miso soup, and a variety of side dishes. And that's only their breakfast! Some of the more common side dishes are rolled omelet, grilled fish, pickles, salad, dried seaweed, and natto.

For lunch, the norm would be bowls of rice or noodles. From beef bowls to udon noodles and soba noodles, the Japanese also love their noodles! Sushi, tempura, and rice balls are traditional food items. Like in any other country, dinner is the main meal in Japan too. The variety of food available for a traditional dinner in Japan in simply astounding! From sushi to tempura and even other types of seafood, a typical Japanese dinner has it all. Apart from rice, seafood is also very popular in Japan. From clams and seaweed to fish and fish cakes, the Japanese seafood is unbeatable. Traditional Japanese ingredients used are soy sauce, miso, wasabi, ginger, mushrooms, beans, noodles, rice vinegar, and mirin., HEALTHY BROWN RICE & SHRIMP CONES

Here's a very delicious shrimp and brown rice recipe that is also full of goodness! This is an informal variation that brown rice lovers in Montreal came up with. It is fast and requires no particular expertise.

Brown Rice & Shrimp Handrolls
Sushi Recipe For Brown Rice & Shrimp ConesIngredients for 2-3 people (6 cones):

Nori - get the roasted and salted kind
Brown Rice - short grain, 1 1/2 cups
Shrimp - cooked and peeled (1 pound, extra large)
Avocado - very thin slices
Cucumber - very thin slices (seeded)
Sesame Seeds - black
Roe - (small container)
Scallions - thinly sliced, lengthwise
Rice Vinegar - 1/4 cup (to taste)
Mayonnaise - Hellmans
Lemon Peel
Prepared Seaweed Salad - (available in most sushi supply shops and major supermarkets)
Pickled Ginger
Soy Sauce
Tamari (wheat-free)

Make The Rice
Sushi Recipe For Brown Rice & Shrimp ConesMix 1 1/2 cups of brown rice with 3 cups cold water. Bring to boil and immediately cover and turn to lowest heat setting. Leave for 40-45 minutes. When done, add rice vinegar and stir. Transfer to a colander to cool quickly.

Chop shrimp into half inch pieces and add desired amount of mayo.

Roll Your Cones
The most important part of Temakizushi, or hand rolls, is to make sure not to overstuff them with rice. We find that 4-6 tablespoons is plenty. Add your shrimp mix and any combination of other ingredients to taste. Season with wasabi, ginger and soya sauce.

Some Tips For Making Temaki
Place a half sheet of nori horizontally on your mat and put some rice on the left side of the nori, but make sure to leave a border of nori all around. Next put your ingredients vertically across the middle of the rice. Take a corner of the nori and tuck it into the middle of the nori, about 1/3 of the way down from the top, and continue rolling. You can also wet the nori just a little bit to help it stick together at the bottom of the cone.

Be Creative
Try different combinations and you'll see how amazing these cones can be. Go wild and enjoy!, Japanese Sunomono Salad
This dish serves as a great accompaniment to most Japanese meals. Sunomono translates into English roughly as vinegared food. The following recipe is both light and refreshing. It is particularly good to eat in the hot summer months.
Ingredients:

Sushi Recipe For Japanese Sunomono Salad - Sushi Salad 100 g Dried Harusame Noodles
200 g Crab Meat [I love the Phillips brand]
1 English Cucumber
1 Small Carrot
1 Small Ginger Root
1 Small Japanese Daikon Radish

Marinade:
100 ml Seasoned Rice Vinegar [Marukan or Mitsukan]
15 ml Sake
dash Soy Sauce [Kikkoman or Yamasa]
dash Sesame Oil

Step 1
Mix all marinade ingredients and set aside.

Step 2
Boil noodles — 3 minutes — stirring occasionally then rinse well with cold water and drain.

Step 3
Drain crab meat.
Slice thinly crosswise 10 pieces of English cucumber.
Shred 1/2 cup carrots [I love using my katsura muki-ki for this].
Grate finely 2 tsp ginger root.
Shred 1/2 cup Japanese radish [Use your katsura muki-ki for this too].

Step 4
Combine all ingredients and toss well while adding the marinade.

Step 5
Garnish with lemon wedges and wakame seaweed if desired.

Step 6
Serve chilled., BREAKFAST SUSHI
Here's a breakfast sushi recipe from Eric Hanson, Linda Hayes Inn at Riverbend, Pearisburg, VA

Breakfast Sushi-1 Revolutionary Roll and 1 Colonial Roll
Yield: 1 roll of each cut into 8 pieces. Portion size is 4 pieces of each type
Ingredients (in order of the method):

4 Eggland Best large eggs
Kosher Salt to taste
Non Stick Cooking Spray    

Sushi Recipe For Brown Rice & Shrimp ConesRevolutionary Roll:
1 pkg  Yamamotoyama Sushiparty Sesame Soy Wrappers
3⁄4 Wild Alaskan Applewood Smoked Sockeye Salmon, cut into thin strips
Green Onion, white part removed, cleaned, trimmed and sliced into thin strips lengthwise
1 Orange Bell Pepper, cut into 1/4” strips, lengthwise
1 oz Low Fat Cream Cheese, softened

Colonial Roll:
1 pkg  Yamamotoyama Sushiparty Sesame Soy Wrappers
3⁄4 oz Virginia County Ham, cut into 1⁄4” square strips              
1⁄2 oz Applewood Smoked Cheddar, cut into 1⁄4” square strips
1 Red Bell Pepper, cut into 1⁄4” strips, lengthwise
2 Asparagus stalks, 1⁄4” -3/8’ dia., cleaned and trimmed to 4 1⁄2’ length

Hollandaise Sauce
1 pkg  Knorrs’ Hollandaise Sauce Mix

1 egg yolk
2 T. softened butter
1⁄4 C 2 % milk
1 tsp    lemon juice
1 T      Herbs d’provence
1⁄4  C    water
2 oz     Kecap Manis (Sweet Soy Sauce)
¼ oz    Crystalized Ginger

Method:
Mame Nori – Soy Bean Wrappers For Making SushiPreheat griddle on medium heat. Crack eggs into a bowl, add a pinch of kosher salt, and whisk until blended. Pour 2 oz onto griddle, moving the edges to form a uniform rectangle approximate 5” x 7 1⁄2”. When egg is set, flip and cook another minute. Remove egg to parchment paper and let cool. Repeat for remaining egg mixture.

Place softened cream cheese into a piping bag with a small writing tip.

Revolutionary Roll:
Lay one Paprika Soy Wrapper on sushi rolling mat width-wise. Place cooled egg on wrapper edge closest to you. Lay salmon strips down the middle, overlapping. Pipe a strip of cream cheese next to the salmon. Lay green onion strips on top of cream cheese and orange pepper on top of salmon.

Roll up like sushi. Carefully slice crosswise into 8 uniform sections. Set aside.

Colonial Roll:
Prepare cold water bath. Bring 1 cup of water to full boil in small sauté pan. Add asparagus and cook for 90 seconds. Remove and place asparagus in cold water bath. Remove to dry.

Lay one Sesame Soy Wrapper on sushi rolling mat width-wise. Place cooled egg on wrapper edge closest to you. Lay ham strips down the middle, end to end. Lay cheese strips next to ham and top with asparagus stalks, end to end with tips to the outside. Lay red pepper strips on top of cheese. Roll up like sushi. Carefully slice crosswise into 8 uniform sections.

Hollandaise Sauce: (if we were in the professional category, we would make our sauce from scratch, but since we are time deprived innkeepers, Knorr’s is a great substitute!)

Mix together Knorr mix, butter egg yolk, milk, and water. Over medium heat, stirring constantly, bring to simmer until sauce thickens, reduce heat to low and stir in lemon juice and herbs. Taste, and add a touch more lemon juice if desired. Pour into small dipping bowl.
Try different combinations and you'll see how amazing these cones can be. Go wild and enjoy!, CUCUMBER ROLL RECIPE
For a refreshing departure from the sushi-in-seaweed theme, try wrapping your rice roll in cucumber!

Begin By Making The Rice
Often, up to 80% of product consumed during a sushi meal is rice. Getting your sushi rice right is a crucial element in successful sushi making at home. Follow our recipe for perfect sushi rice.

Prepare The Wraps
Cutting a good cucumber wrap is a bit tricky, but don't be daunted - it just takes a bit of practice to get it right.

Begin by cutting the ends off a straight, evenly shaped cucumber. Peel the cucumber and slice it horizontally to make two cylindrical halves. To make a thin, nori-like sheet, hold a cucumber half against an 8-inch knife and carefully make a spiralling cut along the outside of the cucumber. For a visual aid, imagine you're trying to peel the skin from an apple from top to bottom in one piece.

Toss away any lingering seeds, and voila, you now have your very own cucumber wrapper. If you'd prefer a shortcut, you can just scoop out the insides of the cucumber halves, leaving a thin skin into which you can stuff the rest of your ingredients. If you prefer this alternative, finish by dividing your stuffed roll into bite-sized segments.

Ready To Roll
If you're feeling up to the adventure of actually rolling the cucumber around the rice, start by placing a cucumber wrapper on a bamboo mat (makisu).

The wrapper should form a 5 inch sheet and lay relatively flat. Cover the cucumber with an evenly spread layer of rice. About 2 tablespoons is a good amount. Add some wasabi and Japanese mayonnaise to taste.

Place the rest of your ingredients in the centre of the wrap. With the help of the makisu, roll the cucumber until its edges overlap slightly. This will allow the rice of the top layer to stick to the bottom one.

Slice & Serve
Slice the roll in half and then slice those again in halves to produce 4 pieces. And there you have it - perfect cucumber rolls!, null, Blue Fuji Restaurant 
Locate in 38 Salem Street, Medford, MA
Tel: (781)388-1888, We are grateful for your patonage!, Japanese Table Manners
Tables and sitting

In Japan, some restaurants and private homes have low tables and cushions on the floor, rather than Western style chairs and tables. These are usually found on tatami floors. Please visit our information page about sitting techniques and rules for more information.

A restaurant with traditional low tables

Itadakimasu and Gochisosama

In Japan, you say "itadakimasu" ("I gratefully receive") before eating, and "gochisosama (deshita)" ("Thank you for the meal") after finishing the meal.

Individual versus shared dishes

It is not uncommon in private households and in certain restaurants (e.g. izakaya) to share several dishes of food at the table rather than serving each person an individual dish. When eating from shared dishes, move some food from the shared plates onto your own with the opposite end of your chopsticks or with serving chopsticks that may be provided for that purpose.

Chopsticks

The proper usage of chopsticks is the most fundamental element of Japanese table manners, and therefore, we have assigned them a separate information page.

Some Table Rules

    Blowing your nose in public, and especially at the table, is considered bad manners.
    It is considered good manners to empty your dishes to the last grain of rice.
    Talking about toilet related and similarly unappetizing topics during or before a meal is not appreciated by most people.
    Unlike in some other parts of East Asia, it is considered bad manner to burp.
    After eating, try to move all your dishes back to the same position they were at the start of the meal. This includes replacing the lids on dishes and putting your chopsticks on the chopstick holder or back into their paper slip., Please sit down and try this sushi~!, null, Cozy dining environment, Yummy!!!, null, null, Happy Thanksgiving Day! Best wishes for you and your family!, null, null, null, null, Blue Fuji Restaurant, null, Fried wheaten pancake with fillings
Da lian huo shao, or fried wheaten pancake with filling, is a pan-fried roll filled with different stuffings, including pork with fennel, pork with cabbage, lamb with green onion and multiple vegetarian options. Its origins can be traced to the time of Emperor Guangxu (r. 1662-1722) of the Qing Dynasty. The pancakes are fried golden brown, but they remain very soft and delicious. Like dumplings, they usually go with vinegar. Beijing locals like to eat the pancakes while having a bowl of sweet and sour soup made of chicken blood and tofu., Wheaten cake boiled in meat broth
This traditional Beijing snack dates back 100 years to the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). Baked wheaten bread, tofu, pork chop, chitterlings and pork lung are cut into pieces and then boiled in the preserved meat broth. It is served with mashed garlic, chili oil, vinegar, fermented tofu, chives and coriander. Called “lu zhu huo shao” in Chinese, the snack gained popularity among commoners in the olden days because meat was too expensive while the offal was a cheaper option., http://kaleidoscope.cultural-china.com/en/133Kaleidoscope11813.html, Saich Ko Char Spee Khieu (Beef with Chinese Broccoli)
Ingredients

    225 gm  Lean beef, thinly sliced
    450 gm (1 lb.) Chinese broccoli. Separate the stems and leaves, chopped
    2 Cloves garlic, minced
    1 Yellow onion, sliced
    2 Tablespoons cooking oil
    1 Tablespoon fish sauce
    1 Tablespoon soy sauce
    1 Tablespoon oyster sauce
    1 Tablespoon sugar
    ? Tablespoon cornstarch
    60 ml (? Cup) of water
    ? Teaspoon black pepper

Method:

    In a small bowl, mix cornstarch with water, oyster sauce, fish sauce and sugar. Set aside.
    Mix the meat with garlic, and soy sauce in another small bowl. Set aside.
    Heat up a wok or skillet on high temperature with some oil. 
    Sauté onion, broccoli stems and beef. Stir well. Add Chinese broccoli leaves. Stir and cover with lid for a few minutes.
    Pour the mixed sauce over. Cook and stir until the sauce thickens. Sprinkle with black pepper. Serve with rice., null, Spring Roll, personally I lover this dish so much!, Chinese style cuisine, Dì Sān Xiān - Chinese sautéed potato, green pepper and eggplant 
The Chinese tend to use a lot of oil in their cooking, so to make this dish a bit more waistline-friendly, I altered it a bit... This undoubtedly affects the taste somewhat, but it will still taste great.
Here's my version:

What you need (2 servings):
450g potatoes, diced
1 eggplant, diced
1 green bell pepper, deseeded and diced
1 tsp garlic paste (or 1 fresh clove, finely chopped)
1 tsp ginger paste (or 1cm fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped)
approx. 1 tsp white sugar
approx. 3 tbsp soy sauce 
salt to taste
wet cornstarch (the proportion cornstarch-water should be 1:2)oil

Bring water to the boil in a pan and cook the potatoes and eggplant for approx. 10 mins. Drain and set aside.
Heat 1tbsp oil in a wok and fry the potatoes until they start to colour. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add the bell pepper to the wok and stir-fry for a few seconds.
Add the garlic and ginger and stir-fry for another few seconds. Add potatoes and eggplant and stir-fry for a few minutes. Season with sugar, soy sauce and salt to taste, and add approx. 2 tbsp wet cornstarch. Stir through the vegetables so they are evenly coated and cook for a few more seconds., China delicious food on the black plate, null, Happy Thanksgiving Day, http://www.seriouseats.com/2010/11/why-you-should-make-your-own-gravy.html?ref=obinsite, Chichi's Chinese: Tofu Skin 'Noodles' and Rolls, Thrice Cooked Pork, Mini hotpot.

Normally, we always eat hot pot in a big pan.

Today,mini hot pot become more popular,this one is like we all have our own pan to cook food.It’s quite clean and same delicious as big pan’s hot pot.

when we eat hotpot,first we put hot soup made by fishes or chicken bones,it depends your habit in the pot. After your can put the vegetables or meat inside for cook,then u would try the delicious food., Sticky Szechuan pork with sesame seeds
Ingredients

2 tbsp vegetable oil
4 dried red chillies, roughly chopped
6 star anise
500g boneless pork belly, cut into 2.5cm/1in-wide pieces
2.5cm piece root ginger, roughly sliced
1 tsp sea salt
1 tbsp rice vinegar
2 tbsp sugar
1 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp sesame seeds

Method

Heat the oil in a wok over a high heat. When smoking hot, chuck in the dried red chillies and star anise and stir-fry for 30 seconds until fragrant. Add the pork belly, ginger and salt, and continue to stir-fry for 2–3 minutes, or until the pork starts to take on a little colour.

Pour over 500ml hot water, which should just cover everything, and give it a good stir. Bring to the boil, cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes, or until the pork is cooked through and tender. Remove the pork from the wok with a slotted spoon and set aside. Skim off any excess fat from the surface of the liquid left in the wok using a spoon.

Whisk together the vinegar, sugar, soy sauce and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl and then add to the wok. Turn the heat up to high and cook, stirring continuously, for 5 minutes, or until the sauce has reduced by half.

Return the pork to the wok, add the sesame seeds, then stir-fry for 2–3 minutes, or until the sauce has become really thick and sticky and the pork is well-coated. Sprinkle over the sesame seeds and serve immediately., How to make sweet and sour chilli prawns

Ingredients

    500g large, raw peeled prawns
    Bunch of spring onions, trimmed
    3 tbsp sweet chilli sauce
    3 tbsp tomato ketchup
    1 tbsp Billington's Golden Caster Sugar
    1 tbsp light soy sauce
    1 tbsp rice wine vinegar or white wine vinegar
    3 tbsp sunflower oil
    2.5cm piece of ginger, cut into fine matchsticks
    1 tsp cornflour
    2 garlic cloves, crushed
    1-2 medium-hot red chillies, deseeded and finely chopped
    225-275g cherry tomatoes, halved

METHOD

1. De-vein the prawns if necessary, by inserting a cocktail stick into their backs about halfway along and hooking out the thin black vein with the tip.

2. Cut the green tops from the spring onions and cut them lengthways into thin shreds. Set aside for a garnish. Thinly slice the white parts of the spring onions on the diagonal. Mix the chilli sauce, ketchup, sugar, soy sauce and vinegar together in a small bowl.

3. Heat half the oil in a wok or large, deep frying pan. Add the ginger and cook for 30 seconds, then add the prawns and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until the prawns are just cooked through. Transfer them to a plate.

4. Mix the cornflour with 1 tablespoon of cold water. Return the wok or pan to the heat and add the remaining oil and the garlic and chilli. As soon as they start to sizzle, add the white spring onion slices and cherry tomatoes and stir-fry for 30 seconds. Add the chilli sauce mixture and the cornflour mixture and simmer for a few seconds until thickened and smooth. Return the prawns to the wok with the shredded green spring onion and toss everything together well. Serve with noodles or steamed white rice., null, The Braised Pork Ribs with Red Dates is a modern take on the regular braised ribs served in almost every Chinese restaurant.  There's an element of intricacy in the execution here.  The pork rib, braised till tender is then coated with a thin batter and deep-fried to preserve its flavour and shape.  The red date serves to add a bit of refreshing sweetness to the meat., null, Noodles with black bean sauce
I’m fascinated by foods that have been transplanted from one country to another and in the process become their own unique dish. Some dishes like Chop Suey get totally lost in the translation, while others, like Tacos Al Pastor, and Japanese Curry take on a different, though no less tasty life of their own.

This dish originated in northern China as a dish called Zhajiang mian. In its native form, it’s a fried mixture of fried scallions, garlic, ground pork, and black bean paste that’s all served over a bed of thick wheat noodles. 

The dish migrated to Korea with Chinese immigrants and there it began to change. The Korean-Chinese dish is called Ja Jang Myeon and is a popular staple in Chinese restaurants there. As it evolved, it took in more veggies like onion and zucchini, and got a black bean “gravy” thickened with cornstarch.I’ve had both versions and my recipe below takes it in a new direction. It’s lighter than both the original and Korean versions and has a full compliment of veggies. 

The sauce is less cloying and strikes a pleasant balance between sweet and savoury, enrobing the veggies and noodles like a satiny black cloak. I don’t like wimpy noodles and this dish is no exception. I’ve found that dried linguine cooked al dente makes the perfect foil for the sauce, putting up a good fight from the beginning until the very last noodle is slurped up.

    8 oz linguine cooked according to package directions

    for sauce
    1 Tbs cornstarch
    1 C water
    3 Tbs black bean sauce
    1 Tbs soy sauce
    1 Tbs mirin
    1 Tbs sugar
    white pepper to taste

    vegetables & meat
    1 tsp oil
    1/2 lbs pork chopped into thin strips
    1/2 onion chopped
    1/2 red bell pepper chopped
    1 clove of garlic minced
    2 small bok choy or a few cabbage leaves chopped 

For the sauce, add all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl and stir to combine. If you have clumps of cornstarch, just let it sit for a few minutes and when you stir it again, it should all combine nicely.

Boil a pot of water for the noodles. You’ll need about 6 minutes to cook the meat and veggies so depending on how long the noodles you got will take to cook, plan accordingly.

Heat a pan on high heat until hot. Add the oil, swirl, then add the pork. Fry until the pork is just cooked then transfer to plate. There should be enough oil left in the pan for the veggies, but if not, add some oil then add the onions, bell pepper and garlic, frying until fragrant and cooked.

Add the bok choy (if you’re using regular cabbage, you’ll need to add it sooner), return the pork to the pan along with any juices then stir the sauce mixture one last time and add to the pan. Bring the sauce to a boil and it should thicken.

To serve, just put some noodles in the bottom of a bowl and cover with a generous helping of sauce and veggies., Green Beans with Garlic Black Bean Sauce
Along with orange chicken, green beans with garlic black bean sauce is one of my favorite Chinese American dishes., Stir-Fried Chinese Broccoli and Chicken With Hoisin
1 large boneless skinless chicken breasts, diced
1 (17.5-ounce) package shelf-stable gnocchi
2 large cloves garlic, minced (~1 Tbsp)
1 Tbsp olive oil
1 Tbsp butter
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt (or more to taste)
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 – 3/4 cup chopped spinach

Cook the gnocchi according to directions. Meanwhile, heat ~1 teaspoon of olive oil and add diced chicken in a large skillet over medium heat, until lightly browned. Add minced garlic and cook until softened & fragrant, 2-3 minutes. Add remaining olive oil (~2 teaspoons), butter, drained gnocchi, salt & pepper. Cook until gnocchi are golden brown on the bottoms. Use a spatula to flip the gnocchi. Add the spinach, tossing frequently, until the spinach is wilted, about 3 minutes. Serve hot., Chinese Style Tilapia
1 lb. lean ground beef
1 packet taco seasoning
1 cup water
4 cans Ranch Style Beans, drained & rinsed*
1 can diced Hatch green chiles
10 Kraft Single Slices, or shredded cheese as desired
20 fresh flour/wheat tortillas

Saute ground beef in a large skillet until browned. Drain grease. Add taco seasoning, green chiles and 1 cup of water. Simmer until water has evaporated. Add drained & rinsed Ranch Style beans. Simmer 10-15 minutes. Partially mash using a potato masher until desired consistency achieved. If using shredded cheese, mix in cheese until desired cheesy 
consistency.

Fill each tortilla with a heaping 1/4 cup of beef/bean mixture. Top with 1/2 slice of cheese. Fold tortilla., Baked Tofu Sandwiches, Black Pepper Beef Stir-fry
Serves 4 as part of a multi-course meal

1/2 pound flank steak, cut against the grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 medium onion, thinly sliced
1 bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil

Marinade:
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine
1 teaspoon cornstarch

Sauce:
1 tablespoon oyster sauce
1/2 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
1/2 tablespoon sugar
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1/2 teaspoon of freshly ground black pepper

    Marinate the beef: In a large bowl, combine the flank steak with the soy sauce, rice wine, and cornstarch. Let stand for 10 to 15 minutes.
    Prepare the sauce: In a small bowl, combine the oyster sauce, soy sauce, rice wine, sugar, sesame oil, and black pepper. Stir until the sugar is dissolved and set aside.
    Heat oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat until a drop of water sizzles and evaporates on contact. Swirl in the oil. Add the beef in one layer and allow it to sear on one side for 1 minute. Stir-fry for another 2 minutes, until the outside is no longer red but the beef is not yet cooked through. Remove from the wok and set aside.
    In the same wok, add the garlic, onions, and peppers and stir-fry until the aromatic and the edges of the onions begin to caramelize, about 1 to 2 minutes. Return the beef to the wok. Add the sauce and stir well to coat. Transfer to a large plate and serve., Green Bean and Shiitake Mushroom Stir Fry
Ingredients:

1/2 pound green beans, trimmed
2 teaspoons cooking oil
1/2 onion, thinly sliced
6 ounces fresh mushrooms, sliced
1 clove garlic, finelly minced
1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger
1 tablespoon oyster sauce + 2 tablespoons water

Directions:
1. Fill the wok or saute pan with about 1 cup of water. Bring to a boil and then add the green beans. Cover and let steam for 4-5 minutes or until crisp-tender. Drain the beans, wipe the wok dry and return wok to the stove.
2. Heat the wok over high heat and swirl in the cooking oil. When very hot, add in the onions and mushrooms and stir fry for 3 minutes. Turn the heat to medium, add in the cooked green beans, ginger and the garlic and quickly stir fry for an additional 30 seconds or until fragrant. Take care not to burn the ginger or garlic.
3. Stir in the oyster sauce and the 2 tablespoons of water. Cook for 1 minute., Chinese Pork Ribs with Daikon and Dried Oysters
1/2 pound pork ribs
1 daikon/turnip (medium-sized)
6-8 dried oysters (rinsed and soaked in water for 15 minutes)
1 tablespoon wolfberries/goji berries
1 1/2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 cup water
Salt to taste
Sugar to taste
1/2 tablespoon oil
6 cloves shallots (peeled)

Heat up a wok or claypot (preferred) and add in the oil. Sauté the shallots until slightly aromatic, then add in the dried oysters and daikon. Do a few quick stirs, follow by the pork ribs, rice wine, soy sauce, and water. Lower the heat to between medium and low, and then cover it up with a lid. Braise for about 20-30 minutes or until the water reduces and thickens. Add salt and sugar to taste and serve hot immediately., Ham & Cheese Sliders
Yields: 24 sliders

For the sandwiches:
24 Hawaiian rolls (or other rolls/slider buns)
24 slices ham (~1.25-1.5 lbs thinly sliced ham)
24 small slices Swiss cheese (~ 6-8 0z thinly sliced swiss)
Mayonnaise, if desired

For the sauce:
4 tsp yellow mustard
4 Tbsp butter, melted
2 tsp. onion powder
½ tsp. Worcestershire sauce
Poppy seeds, for sprinkling

Preheat the oven to 350˚F.  Split the Hawaiian rolls and spread the insides lightly with mayonnaise, if desired.  Fold a slice of ham to fit on each slider bun, and top with a slice of Swiss cheese.  Replace the top bun to assemble the sandwiches.  Place the sandwiches on a baking sheet.

To make the sauce, combine all ingredients except the poppy seeds in a small bowl and whisk to combine.  Drizzle the sauce over the tops of the slider buns.  Sprinkle with poppy seeds.  Cover loosely with foil and bake 10 minutes, until the cheese is melted.  Remove the foil and bake 2 minutes longer.  Serve warm., Egg curry in tamarind sauce
Ingredients:
5 boiled eggs
1/2 onion, chopped,
red chillies (optional, to your taste)
green chillies (to your taste)
1 potato, cut in quarters then sliced
2 tomatoes, chopped
3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped
2-3 tbsp tamarind paste or 2-3 tamarind seeds soaked in warm water(the amount used will vary according to how much tang you want)
sugar
1 tsp turmeric powder
1 tsp garam masala
1/2 tsp cumin powder
1/2 tsp mustard seeds
1/2 tsp cumin seeds
few curry leaves

Steps:
1. Make slits along each egg or use a toothpick to make tiny holes inside the egg.
2. Coat the eggs with a pinch of turmeric powder and salt.
3. Heat 2 tbsp oil in a non-stick pan over medium heat and add the eggs. Stir the eggs around the pan frequently to ensure they get evenly lightly fried. Fry until light brown. Remove and keep.
4. In the same pan, add the sliced potatoes and fry until well cooked. Remove and keep.
5. To the same pan add 1/2 tbsp oil. Add the cumin seeds, mustard seeds.
6. When the mustard seeds start to crackle, add the onions and when they turn translucent, add the garlic. Fry for about 1 minute.
7. Lower heat. Add the red chillies, turmeric powder, garam masala and 2 tbsps water. Fry for a few seconds, taking care not to burn the spices.
8. Raise heat to medium. Add the chopped tomatoes and fry for about 3-4 minutes until tomatoes mash up. Add the curry leaves and green chillies.
9. Add the tamarind and some water.
10. Add salt and sugar. Reduce the heat, cover and let simmer for 5-10 minutes. Check for salt and sugar. Add if needed.
11. Add the fried eggs and cooked potatoes. Cover. Add water if needed.
12. Let the eggs simmer in the sauce for 5-10 minutes.
13. Serve!, Fried tofu with oyster sauce
Fried tofu with oyster sauce recipe

Ingredients:
5 slices of extra firm tofu, each about 2cm thick
5 branches of scallions/spring onions/green onions, cut finger-size, white part and green part separate
1 tsp oyster sauce
3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped

Steps:
1. Cut each slice of firm tofu again, about 2cm in width. You will get rectangles of firm tofu.
2.Fry the tofu in oil on both sides until golden brown. Remove and keep.
3.In the same oil, fry the chopped garlic until crispy.
4.Add the oyster sauce and fry for 30 seconds.
5.Add the fried tofu and mix.
6.Add the white part of the scallions. Fry until mid-soft.
7.Add the green part of the scallions. Fry for another 30 seconds.
8.Serve with a bowl of rice., "Laping" Noodles
Ingredients:
7 cloves of garlic, minced
1 stalk green onion, chopped
¼ cup cilantro, chopped 
5 ml salt
5 ml rice vinegar
¼ cup sesame oil
¼ cup soy sauce
¼ cup crushed dried red pepper (note: this amount of red pepper makes the dish extremely spicy – for those who don’t want it so hot, use roughly half this amount)
1 large package of glass noodles

Instructions:
A) Cook rice noodles according to package directions. Place noodles in refrigerator until they are chilled.

B) Combine garlic, onion and cilantro with salt, rice vinegar, sesame oil, soy sauce, and crushed dried red pepper in a small bowl and stir well.

C) Drizzle sauce over the glass noodles, and then mix gently with a spatula until it is evenly and thoroughly coated., Chinese Style Steamed Eggplant

Ingredients for 2 persons

1 big eggplant
1 tsp red chili pepper, chopped
1 tsp garlic, chopped
⅕ cup (40 ml) groundnut oil
2 tbsp dark soy sauce
1 tsp (mirin) vinegar
1 spring onions, sliced
a handful fried onions

Wash the eggplant. Cut off the green head and cut the eggplant in half lengthwise. Cut both pieces into ½ (1 cm) inch thick slices.
Put the sliced eggplant in a steam pan or steam basket without adding any oil or pepper and salt. Steam the eggplant for 45 minutes at 212°F (or 100°C, if you’re using an oven). In the meantime combine the groundnut oil, dark soy sauce, the (mirin) vinegar, chopped garlic and red chili in a small saucepan.
Heat this over medium-low heat for 4 minutes and whisk well. Take the pan off the heat and let this marinade cool.
Remove the steamed eggplant from the oven or steam basket and put it on a plate. Let it cool until lukewarm. Drizzle with the soy sauce marinade. Sprinkle with the fried onions, Yunnan Goat Cheese at South Silk Road, Sichuan Cucumber Salad
Serves 6 to 8 as an appetizer

    1 large or 2 medium-sized cucumbers, peeled
    1 teaspoon salt
    3 tablespoons cooking oil, like peanut or vegetable
    2 cloves garlic, minced
    1 teaspoon Sichuan pepper, ground or whole, or substitute red chili flakes
    2 tablespoons rice vinegar
    2 teaspoons sesame oil
    1 tablepoon sugar
    1 or 2 teaspoons chili garlic paste

1. Cut the cucumber(s) in half lengthwise, then cut each half again so you have quartered strips. Cut or scoop out the seedy middle section. Slice each strip into 3cm (1 inch) cubes. Put the cucumbers in a bowl, and toss with salt. Set aside for 5 to 10 minutes, as the salt draws out excess moisture from the cucumbers.

2. Heat a small pan on medium-low heat. Add cooking oil, then add garlic and Sichuan pepper. Cook until fragrant, but careful to not to let the garlic burn. Set aside in a small dish to cool.

3. Drain the cucumbers through a strainer or sieve, and return them to the bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the rice vinegar, sesame oil, sugar, and chili garlic paste. Pour the mixture over the cucumbers. Add in the garlic and pepper that was cooling, and mix well. Serve at room temperature, or chill in the fridge for up to a day to serve cold., Sichuan Boiled Beef in Fiery Sauce
Serves 4 as part of multi-course meal

    1 stalk of celery, stems only
    4 scallions, white parts only
    1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced against the grain
    Salt
    1 tablespoon yellow rice wine
    5 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, plus more if needed
    8 to 10 dried red chilies
    2 teaspoons Sichuan peppercorn
    3 tablespoons chili bean paste
    3 cups chicken stock
    1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
    3 teaspoons cornstarch, dissolved in 3 tablespoons water

    Allow beef to marinate in rice wine and salt mixture for 10 to 15 minutes while you prepare other ingredients.
    Slice celery and scallions to 2-inch lengths.
    Heat 3 tablespoons of oil in a wok until just smoking. Stir-fry chilis and Sichuan peppercorn until fragrant and the chilis begin to blister, about 1 to 2 minutes. Immediately remove the spices and set aside in a small bowl, leaving oil in the wok. When chilis are cooled, roughly chop them and return to the bowl with Sichuan peppercorn.
    Reheat wok and stir-fry celery and scallions until just cooked, about 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle with about 1/4 teaspoon of salt, then transfer to serving dish.
    Add more oil to the wok if needed. Over medium heat, stir-fry chili bean paste until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add chicken stock and dark soy sauce and bring to boil. Lower the heat to simmer. Add cornstarch mixture to beef and mix well. Drop beef slices into wok and simmer until beef is just cooked, about 1 to 2 minutes. Spoon beef and sauce into serving dish over vegetables.
    Sprinkle chopped chilies and peppercorn on top of beef. Working quickly, heat another 2 tablespoons of oil until just smoking. Remove from heat and pour oil over beef dish, causing it to sizzle. Serve immediately; if you’re quick, the dish will still be sizzling a when you bring it to the table., Cantonese Tomato Beef
Serves 4 as part of a multi-course meal, or 2 as a main dish

1 pound flank steak, cut against the grain into 1/4-inch-thick slices
1 1/2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil
1 yellow onion, thickly sliced
2 cloves garlic, chopped
1 pound tomatoes, cut into wedges
Freshly ground black pepper to taste

Marinade:
1 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
1 teaspoon cornstarch

Sauce:
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1/2 tablespoon soy sauce
1/2 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry

    Marinate the beef: In a large bowl, stir together soy sauce, rice wine, and cornstarch until the cornstarch is dissolved. Toss the sliced beef in the marinade to coat. Let stand for 30 minutes to let the flavors absorb.
    Prepare the sauce: In a small bowl, stir together the Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, and rice wine. Set aside.
    Heat the oil in a wok over high heat until a bead of water sizzles and evaporates on contact. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil and swirl the pan to coat the base and sides. Add the beef and sear until light brown on the outside but not yet cooked through, about 2 minutes. Scoop the beef from the wok and set aside.
    Add the remaining 1/2 tablespoon of the oil to the wok and swirl to coat the sides again. Add the onions and garlic and stir-fry until just fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes; they should soften but still be sturdy enough to hold their shape. Stir the sauce into the wok. Return the beef to the wok and stir-fry for another minute until the beef is cooked through. Transfer to a plate and serve with rice or noodles., Fermented Chinese Black Bean Pork Ribs
One way to cook this dish is to saute the aromatics (garlic, ginger, red chili, green onions) with the fermented black beans in a pan over the stove-top, then set the fragrant aromatics to steam with the pork ribs over a steamer., Chinese Meat Sauce Macaroni, Chong Qing chicken, Chinese dinner usually like this, Stirfried Salted Mustard Greens With Beef (Xiencai Nurou)
300g tenderloin or sirloin beef, cut into thin slices of ~ 3cm x 5 cm
--marinade with 1 T each of shaoxin wine, light soy sauce and cornflour
--also add 1/2 T fine sugar and a few dashes of black pepper
--leave 1 hour in fridge
300g (or more, if like) xiencai/humchoy, cut fine (1 cm lengths)
1 red mild chili, cut into fine strips
1 T fine ginger strips
1 T Chinese celery, cut into 1 cm lengths (optional)
2 t fine sugar
1 T oyster sauce
6 T veg oil

1. Soak the xiencai if too salty, wash a couple of times if not. Squeeze all water out.

2. In a wok, dry-fry the xiencai and ginger under medium heat without oil until all water is gone. This will take about 8 minutes. Add sugar and fry for another minute. Remove, wash the wok.

3. Put 6 T (or more, if you dare) oil in the wok, when it smokes, put the beef in and spread it on the wok in a single layer. When the edges start to cook, turn beef over, cook a couple of seconds and stir quickly. This is the right way to cook beef so that it remains tender, according to my friend Su who learnt it from her father. Remove beef when 3/4 done, leaving the oil in the wok.

4. In the wok (use very high heat) where you just fried the beef, fry the chili and celery for a second, then add the xiencai, beef and the 1 T oyster sauce, fry quickly mixing well the beef and xiencai and dish up.

Note: You can cook this dish with less oil and add cornflour solution (1 T: 5 T water) to thicken. This will give more sauce; my mom's method.

To make your own xiencai/humchoy, go to my previous post. I would advise that you not buy the xiencai from China, which has yellow coloring. The xiencai from our markets are free from coloring but remember they usually use leftover unsold veg and worse, they pickle them in plastic tubs and pails. All acidic food should be kept in glass containers which are non-reactive., Chinese Sweet and Sour Chicken
Ingredients

    1 egg white
    2 tsp cornstarch
    1/2 tsp salt, divided
    1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts or thighs, cut into 1-inch chunks
    1 can (8 to 10 oz) pineapple chunks in juice (reserve the juice)
    1 tsp fresh grated ginger
    1/4 cup white vinegar
    1/4 cup ketchup
    2-3 tbsp brown sugar
    1-2 pinches cayenne pepper (or more to taste-- spicy!)
    2 tbsp high heat cooking oil, divded (ex. grapeseed, peanut oil)
    1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch chunks
    1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch chunks
    1/2 tbsp sliced green scallions for garnish (optional)
In a bowl, whisk together the egg white, cornstarch, and 1/4 tsp of the salt. Add the chicken pieces and stir to coat evenly. Let sit for 15 minutes at room temperature or up to overnight in the refrigerator.
Meanwhile, whisk together 1/4 cup of the reserved pineapple juice, ginger, vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar, remaining 1/4 tsp of salt, and 1-2 pinches cayenne pepper (or more to taste--optional).
Set a wok or large saute pan over high heat. When a bead of water instantly sizzles and evaporates, pour in 1 tbsp of the oil and swirl to coat. Add the red and yellow bell pepper chunks and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from the wok onto a plate. Wipe the wok or pan dry.
Return the wok to the stove on high heat. When a bead of water instantly sizzles and evaporates, pour in the remaining 1 tbsp of oil and swirl to coat (be sure to fully coat the pan so the meat won't stick). Add the chicken to the pan, spreading it out in one layer.
Let the chicken fry, untouched, for 1 minute, until the bottoms are browned. Flip and fry the other side the same for 1 minute. The chicken will still be pinkish in the middle.
Add the cooked bell peppers, pineapple chunks, and pineapple juice mixture to the pan. Let simmer for about 2 minutes until the chicken is cooked through. Remove from heat. Let the chicken rest for a few minutes till the sauce thickens.
Garnish with sliced scallions, if desired. Serve warm as part of a multicourse meal, or over jasmine rice for a complete entree., Hainanese chicken rice, Chinese Chicken and Potato Stew
This dish reminds me of my childhood as my grandmother used to cook this for us a lot. The thick and flavourful gravy is so good with just plain white rice., Singapore's diversity dining, Mapo Dofu
Ingredients

    8 ounces mung bean noodles or rice noodles
    1 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
    3/4 cup beef stock
    1 1/2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns
    1 tablespoon peanut oil
    2 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped
    1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger
    1 red Fresno chile, seeded and finely diced
    12 ounce ground pork

    1 to 2 tablespoons chili bean sauce
    1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry
    1 pound firm fresh tofu, cut into 1-inch chunks
    1 to 2 tablespoons light soy sauce
    1 to 2 tablespoons black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar
    Sea salt
    Ground white pepper
    1 tablespoon cornstarch
    2 large scallions, sliced

Directions
Place the noodles in a large bowl and cover with boiling water. Let soak until softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and toss with 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil to prevent sticking.

In a small saucepan or wok, heat the beef stock to a simmer and then keep warm on low heat.

In a small frying pan set over medium heat, dry-toast the peppercorns until fragrant. Remove from the heat and crush in a mortar and pestle, place in a plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin or use a spice grinder.

Heat a wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. Add the garlic, ginger, chili and 1 tablespoon of the ground peppercorns and stir-fry a few seconds. Add the pork and chili bean sauce and continue stir-frying. As the pork browns, add the rice wine. When the pork has browned, add the tofu and mix gently. Season the stir-fry with soy sauce,black rice vinegar, the remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil, salt and ground white pepper.

Add the hot beef stock to the pork and tofu and bring to a boil. In a small bowl, stir together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water, then stir into the sauce to thicken. Stir in the scallions and remove from the heat. Serve over the noodles and sprinkle with the remaining peppercorns., Fast Hot and Sour Noodle Soup
Ingredients

    Soup Base
    1 tablespoon groundnut oil (peanut)
    1 (1-inch) piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced
    2 handfuls fresh shiitake mushrooms, sliced or 1 small handful dried Chinese mushrooms, 

reconstituted and sliced
    1 red chile, seeded and finely chopped
    1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry
    3 cups vegetable stock, hot
    1 (8 ounce) can bamboo shoots, drained and rinsed
    1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
    1 tablespoon light soy sauce

    1 tablespoon black rice vinegar (recommended: Chinkiang) or balsamic vinegar
    Pinch freshly cracked white pepper
    1 tablespoon cornstarch, blended with 2 tablespoons cold water
    For service
    7 ounces cooked egg noodles
    2 small handfuls bean sprouts
    8 fresh baby corns, sliced*
    1 spring onion, sliced
    3 1/2 ounces cooked chicken, shredded
    *Can be found at specialty Asian markets.

Directions
This is one of my favourite soups - 'Suan la tang' means 'sour hot soup'. Originating from the Sichuan province, this dish uses plenty of chillies and black rice vinegar for the 'sour'. You can vary the recipe to your taste and adjust the amount of chillies to your preference. You could also omit the chicken strips if you are vegetarian. I love this soup; it is earthy from the fragrant Chinese mushrooms and very warming on a cold winter's day. 

Forget instant noodles - this is a fast and healthier alternative.
For the soup base:
Heat a wok over high heat, add the oil, and stir-fry the ginger and mushrooms until softened. Add the chile, Shaohsing rice wine, hot vegetable stock, bamboo shoots, soy sauces, black rice vinegar and the white pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil, thicken with the cornstarch slurry and set aside over low heat.

For service:
In some plastic pots, layer some of the cooked egg noodles with the raw bean sprouts, raw sliced baby corn, and spring onions. Top everything with the shredded chicken, and then spoon plenty of the soup base over the ingredients. Give the noodle pot or bowl a good stir, and serve immediately., Double chili fish head, fried shrimps with cashewnuts, Golden Gate Chili Ribs
Ingredients

    1 rack spare ribs, cut in half through the bone
    4 tablespoons dark soy sauce
    4 tablespoons hoisin sauce
    4 tablespoons honey
    4 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry
    2 heaping tablespoons Chinese five-spice powder

    2 tablespoons light soy sauce
    1 Fresno chile, seeded and finely chopped, for garnish
    1 scallion, green part only, finely chopped, for garnish
    Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges, for serving, recipe follows
    Mixed green salad, for serving

recipe tools

    Save to Favorites
    Print Recipe
    email

    Tweet

ROASTED SWEET POTATOES:

    1 1/2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch chunks
    1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds
    1 teaspoon whole Sichuan peppercorns

    1 teaspoon sea salt
    2 tablespoons vegetable oil

Directions
Have the butcher cut the rib rack in half through the bone. Cut each half into separate single ribs.

In a large bowl, mix together dark soy sauce, hoisin sauce, honey, rice wine, Chinese five-spice powder and light soy sauce. Add the ribs and marinate for as long as possible, overnight is best.

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.

Remove the ribs from the marinade and transfer to a baking sheet, reserving the marinade. Bake the ribs until cooked through and no longer pink at the bone, 30 to 45 minutes.

Transfer the reserved marinade to a wok or small saucepot and bring the mixture to a simmer and reduce slightly. Baste the ribs halfway through cooking with the reserved marinade.

Remove the ribs from the oven and baste with the rest of the marinade. Sprinkle with the chopped chiles and scallions. Serve immediately with Roasted Sweet Potato Wedges and a mixed green salad.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.

Place the sweet potatoes into a large bowl.

In a wok or saute pan, toast the cumin and Sichuan peppercorns for 1 to 2 minutes until fragrant. Transfer to mortar and pestle or spice grinder and grind.

Sprinkle the spices and salt over the sweet potatoes, drizzle with oil and toss to coat. Transfer to a baking sheet and roast until tender, 30 minutes., Beef and Black Bean Ho Fun
Ingredients

    1 tablespoon peanut oil
    5 cloves garlic, finely chopped
    1-inch piece fresh ginger peeled and grated
    1 medium red Fresno chile, seeded and sliced
    1 Thai bird's eye chile, sliced
    2 tablespoons fermented salted black beans, rinsed and crushed
    1 pound beef tenderloin, trimmed and sliced into 1/2-inch strips
    1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry

    2 green bell peppers, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces
    1 cup vegetable stock
    2 tablespoons light soy sauce
    1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
    1 tablespoon cornstarch
    1 pound fresh or dried ho fun (wide rice) noodles
    1 scallion, sliced, for garnish

recipe tools

    Save to Favorites
    Print Recipe
    email

    Tweet

Directions
Cook's Note: If using dried ho fun noodles, cover them with boiling water in a medium bowl and soak for 10 to 15 minutes to loosen and soften.

Heat a wok over high heat and add the oil. When the oil starts to smoke, add the garlic, ginger and chiles, and stir-fry for a few seconds. Then, add the fermented black beans and stir quickly. Add the beef slices and stir-fry for 1 minute, keeping the ingredients moving in the wok. As the meat starts to brown, add the rice wine. Add the green peppers and stir-fry for 1 minute, and then add the stock and bring to a boil. Season the stir-fry with the soy sauces. Combine the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons cold water, add to the wok and stir to thicken. Add the ho fun noodles, breaking them up with a spoon and stirring everything together. Garnish with the sliced scallions and serve., Asian Chicken Salad
Ingredients
SALAD:

    1 large carrot, peeled
    3 cups shredded napa cabbage, from 1 small cabbage
    3 cups shredded romaine lettuce, from 1 small lettuce
    1 small red bell pepper, seeded and deveined, thinly sliced

    2 tablespoons fresh Thai basil leaves or fresh mint leaves, chopped** see Cook's Note
    2 cups thinly sliced store-bought rotisserie chicken (about 2 small chicken breasts)
    1/2 cup slivered almonds, toasted** see Cook's note
    1 tablespoon toasted white or black sesame seeds*

DRESSING:

    1/4 cup peanut or vegetable oil
    2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
    2 tablespoons rice vinegar*

    1/2 teaspoon granulated sugar
    Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional

recipe tools

    Save to Favorites
    Print Recipe
    email

    Tweet

Directions
1/2 cup chow mein noodles, for garnish

For the salad: Using a vegetable peeler, shave the carrot and add to a large salad bowl. Stir in the cabbage, lettuce, pepper, Thai basil, chicken, almonds, and sesame seeds.

For the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and sugar until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, if using.

Pour the dressing over the salad and toss well. Garnish with the chow mein noodles and serve.

*Cook's Note: can be found in specialty Asian markets

**Cook's Note: To toast the slivered almonds, arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 8 to 10 minutes until lightly golden. Cool completely before using.

SERVINGS: 4 (MAIN); Calories: 374; Total Fat 25 grams; Saturated Fat: 3.5 grams; Protein: 21 grams; Total carbohydrates: 19 grams; Sugar: 9 grams Fiber: 8 grams; Cholesterol: 36 milligrams; Sodium: 349 milligrams, Black Bean Mussels with Chinese Beer
Ingredients

    2 tablespoons peanut oil
    3 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped
    1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger
    1 Fresno chile, seeded (if desired) and chopped
    2 heaping tablespoons fermented, salted black beans, washed and crushed
    Splash Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, optional

    2 pounds mussels, washed and de-bearded
    2 cups Chinese beer
    3 tablespoons light soy sauce
    3 spring onions, chopped, whites separated and greens reserved for garnish
    Handful fresh cilantro stems and leaves, roughly chopped, for garnish

Directions
Heat the wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. Add the garlic, ginger, chiles, black beans and rice wine if using and stir-fry for less than 1 minute. Add the mussels and stir-fry for less than 1 minute. Add the Chinese beer and the whites of the spring onions and cook until the mussels open, stirring occasionally. Discard any that do not open. Season the mussels with the light soy sauce. Sprinkle in the greens of the spring onions and the cilantro, serve immediately.

SERVINGS: 4 (APPETIZER); Calories: 290; Total Fat 12 grams; Saturated Fat: 2 grams; Protein: 29 grams; Total carbohydrates: 14 grams; Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 1 grams; Cholesterol: 64 milligrams; Sodium: 1,040 milligrams, Blue Fuji's speical offer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$10 off with a purchase over $30
(only for sushi dined in)
Cannot be used for beverages, booze or tips
Not valid with other special offers, Kung Pao Beef
Ingredients

    One 1 1/4-pound beef tenderloin, sliced into 1/2-inch thick strips
    Sea salt
    Freshly ground white pepper
    2 tablespoons cornstarch
    2 tablespoons ketchup
    2 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry
    2 tablespoons light soy sauce
    2 tablespoons Chinkiang black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar

    2 heaping teaspoons Guilin chili sauce
    1 1/2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns
    2 tablespoons peanut oil
    5 whole dried Thai chiles
    2 small red Fresno peppers or 1 serrano chile, bruised and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces
    1/2 cup dry roasted peanuts
    1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro stems and leaves
    2 scallions, cut into 2-inch pieces

Directions
In a medium bowl, sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Add the cornstarch and mix well. Set aside.

In another smaller bowl, stir together the ketchup, rice wine, soy sauce, vinegar and chili sauce. Set aside.

In a small pan over medium heat, toast the Sichuan peppercorns until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and crush 1/2 tablespoon of the peppercorns in a mortar and pestle, or in a plastic bag with a rolling pin. Set aside. Leave the remaining peppercorns whole.

Heat a wok over high heat and, when wok starts to smoke, add the peanut oil. Add the remaining whole Sichuan peppercorns, dried chiles and fresh chiles and stir-fry for a few seconds. Add the beef and stir-fry until the beef is brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the reserved sauce and peanuts and cook until the sauce has reduced slightly and is sticky and has a thicker consistency. Add the cilantro and scallions and toss to coat and warm through. Then transfer to a serving plate and garnish with the ground Sichuan peppercorns. Serve immediately., Yang-Yang Crispy Beef
Ingredients
STEAK:

    Peanut oil, for frying
    1 pound sirloin steak, pounded 1/4-inch thick and finely sliced into strips

    3 tablespoons cornstarch
    Sea salt

SAUCE:

    2 tablespoons light soy sauce
    1/2 cup sweet chili sauce
    1 large orange, zested and juiced
    1 head romaine lettuce, shredded

    1/2 cucumber, sliced in half, seeds scooped out and thinly sliced into half moons
    1 large scallion, thinly sliced on the bias, for garnish
    1 to 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar

Directions
For the beef: Heat a wok over high heat and fill halfway up with peanut oil. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F, or until a cube of bread turns golden brown in 15 seconds and floats to the surface.

Place the beef strips in a large bowl and add 2 tablespoons cornstarch. Toss until the beef has absorbed the cornstarch. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch right before frying and toss to coat.

Fry the beef in 2 to 3 batches until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with sea salt.

For the sauce: Set another wok or saute pan over high heat and add the soy sauce, chili sauce and orange juice. Bring to a simmer and cook until it becomes thickened and coats the back of a spoon, 1 to 2 minutes. Toss the beef in the sauce to coat thoroughly.

Serve over a bed of the shredded lettuce and sliced cucumber that has been sprinkled with rice vinegar. Then garnish with the scallions and orange zest, Steamed Sea Bass with Ginger and Chinese Mushrooms
Ingredients

    One 1 1/2-pound whole striped bass or branzino, head on
    Sea salt
    Freshly ground white pepper
    One 1/2-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and julienned
    4 large shiitake mushrooms, sliced

    1/2 cup fresh wild mushrooms, sliced (oyster and shitake)
    4 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry
    2 scallions, sliced lengthways into 3-inch long pieces and julienned
    Steamed jasmine rice, for serving

Directions
Fill a wok three-quarters of the way up with water and place over high heat. Bring the water to a simmer.

Place the fish on a plate. Cut 5 or 6 slits into the skin on both sides. Sprinkle the fish with salt and ground white pepper.

Place a few pieces of ginger into the slits of the fish, and then stuff the cavity with the remaining ginger and the shiitake mushrooms. Pour the rice wine over the fish, place the fish in a bamboo steamer and close the lid.

Place the steamer over the simmering water in the wok and steam until the fish is cooked and the flesh flakes apart with a fork, 10 to 12 minutes.

After 10 minutes, sprinkle the scallions and sliced wild mushrooms on top of the fish and steam for 2 minutes more before serving. Serve immediately with the rice.

Cook's Note: Also pairs well with a side of stir-fried vegetables such as bok choy or kai lan., Patatas Bravas Home Fries with Roasted Tomato Aioli
Ingredients

    Olive oil
    1/2 small red onion, finely diced
    2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
    1 tablespoon smoked paprika
    3/4 cup prepared mayonnaise
    1 large plum tomato, halved, seeded and roasted until soft

    Few dashes hot pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco)
    Splash aged sherry vinegar
    Salt and freshly ground black pepper
    4 large Russet potatoes, parboiled, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
    Flat-leaf parsley leaves

Directions
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven.

Heat a tablespoon of oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and 

cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the paprika and cook for 30 seconds. Let cool slightly.

Combine the onion mixture, mayonnaise, tomato, hot pepper sauce, and vinegar in a food processor and process until smooth, season with salt and pepper. Scrape the mixture into a bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.

Heat 2-inches pure olive oil or canola oil in a large high-sided, heavy-bottomed skillet until it begins to shimmer. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown on all sides. Remove the potatoes to a paper towel-lined plate for a moment to drain the excess oil. Carefully remove the hot baking sheet from the oven, put the potatoes on the pan in an even layer and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove the pan and season the potatoes with a bit more salt. Transfer to a platter and drizzle with some of the aioli and garnish with parsley leaves. Serve hot., Liang Pi
Liang pi  is a noodle-like Chinese dish made from wheat or rice flour. It is a specialty dish originating from the Chinese province of Shaanxi, but has now spread to many other places in China, in particular the northern and central regions.

Ingredient:

Wheat; Water

Seasonings:

Chilie oil, vinegar, salt water, mashed garlic, shredded cucumber

Steps:

1. Make soft dough ready and leave it in a bowl for 1 hour.

2. Pour water in the bowl, begin to washing the dough.

3. Stop washing till the water is turning into a muddy white color, the purpose is to wash out the starch.

4. Take out the remainder of the dough and leave the water with starch at a cool place to sedimentate completely.

5. Discard the extra water and keep the starch-paste on the bottom of the bowl.

6. Prepare a flat plate and sweep with oil.

7. Pour some the starch-paste  into the plate in a thin layer.

8. Put this plate in a steamer and boil  for 5 minutes.

9. After 5 minutes, take out the Liang Pi and put into cold water.

10. Take out Liang Pi and drain water.

11. Cut Liang Pi into long pieces, and mix with Chili oil, vinegar, salt water, mashed garlic and shredded cucumber evenly., Chinese Braised Mushroom and TOfu, Sugar-coated sweet potatoes
This is Chinese sweet food, it looks like silk.

Ingredients:
300 grams (0.66 lb) sweet potatoes (but not normal potatoes)
150 grams (0.33 lb) sugar
10 grams (2 tsp) water
100 grams (0.22 lb) dry cornstarch
500 grams (1 cup) cooking oil (only 1/5 to be consumed)

Directions:

1. Peel the potatoes and cut them into cubes, 1 to 2 cm (0.4-0.8 inch) wide and 2 to 4 cm (0.8-1.6 inches) long. Mix in dry cornstarch to entirely coat the cubes.

2. Heat the oil to 180-200ºC (355-390ºF). Deep-fry the potatoes to a golden yellow color. Take them out and drain off the oil.

3. Put the water and sugar in a wok and cook on a low fire. When the sugar turns yellow and bubbles, quickly put in the deep-fried potato pieces and keep stirring and turning so that the syrup is evenly coated on the potatoes. Place in a pot which has been previously spread with some cooked oil. Now serve.

Note: Put along the dish next to a bowl of cold water. To eat, pick up a piece of potato and dip in the cold water to prevent scorching of the mouth.

Features: Golden yellow in color, crispy outside and soft inside, the potatoes display long golden threads as they are being picked up., Eggs with stir-fried vegetables, Want to have a try?, Blue Fuji is your best choice, Dry Fried Prawns, Mama Fury’s Wontons
Ingredients

2 packages of wonton wrappers. Yields approx 48 wontons.

    Basic Filling

    1/2 lb coarsly ground pork shoulder
    1/2 lb finely ground pork belly
    12 large tiger prawns, shelled, deveined and cut into 1/2 inch pieces
    3/4 cup finely chopped flowering garlic chives
    1/2 cup finely chopped bok choy
    1 egg

    Pork Seasoning

    1/4 cup water
    1 egg white
    1 tbs minced ginger
    3 tbs light soy sauce
    3 tbs corn/ potato starch
    2 tbs Chinese cooking rice wine
    2 tsp brown sugar
    1 tsp salt
    1 tsp white pepper
    1 tsp sesame oil

    Sauce

    1/4 cup black Chinese vinegar
    1/4 cup light soy sauce
    2 tsp minced ginger
    1 tsp sesame oil
    1 tsp brown sugar
    Chinese chili paste or chili oil to taste

Directions

Filling

Mix the ground pork together with the seasonings. Allow the mixture to rest in the fridge for 1/2 hour. Mix the remaining filling ingredients in with the pork using chopsticks.

Wrapping

Place 1/2 tbs of filling in the center of the wrapper. Wet the entire edge of the wrapper with water, fold the wrapper in half, then press to seal the edges while squeezing out any trapped air.

“3 sinks and 3 floats” Cooking Method

Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. In batches, put the wontons in. Just as they begin to rise but well before they reach the surface of the water, add 1-2 cups of cold water so that they sink again. Repeat the process twice more. After adding cold water for the third time, wait until the wontons float to the surface and immediately remove them from the water.

To Serve

Divide the sauce among four bowls. Drain the freshly cooked wontons and add them directly to the sauce. Garnish with toasted sesame seeds and scallions, serve immediately.

How to Freeze

Uncooked wontons freeze beautifully. Line a cookie sheet with plastic wrap and place the wontons on it in a single layer. Freeze, then transfer them into zip-top bags or sealed containers and freeze for up to three months. They do not need to be defrosted before cooking. Just follow the same cooking directions but they will naturally require a longer cooking time., Blue Fuji waiting for you, Enjoy your time in Blue Fuji, Blue Fuji, Blue Fuji, Blue Fuji, Blue Fuji, I am not just looking good! Taste even better!, Blue Fuji cooks this for you!, Yummy!, WOWWWW, null, Our Healthy Dietary, null, http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:R-XtPVoldwnDrMOsokCg9g, we only use premier grade wild caught seafood; and we only use organic sushi rice., http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:axL6n6Z81GItNPZH34vrrg, What makes you feel good in summer?
It's all about Cold Appertizers., Soup is always a good start., Who want some salad?, http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:cqLU4tlrZklGNxwT2cdH7g, Thanks Ladyjane
http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:azd5ChwmppmLixpaK4Xiuw, null, Thanks Joe, we will keep the good services and food for our customers. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:Rm_056Q2ez1jejqCAcxRCA, Video show much more about us, check this out!, thanks for the new reviews, we will work better to serve our dear customers.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:EOhTJ0zfmjme2v0LxGsGnQ, Your advices, we care! Please leave any thing you want to tell us, thanks a lot!, suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuushi, looking so nice!, guess what is this?, http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:soYuYblrYWifvltGVvdg7A, http://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-fuji-medford#hrid:iikzmzWnnXufoxD-LtYGag, thanks for all supports , do u know what is this?, combination for the satisification, NICE LOOK, TASTE BETTER, ARE U READY FOR IT?, hey guys, do you all know about the history of Sushi?? let Blue Fuji share something with you.

The origin of sushi:

Southeast Asia and China:
Southeast AsiaVery similar and sushi-like (Nare-zushi type) foods are still found in Southeast Asian countries (Thailand, Laos, Myanmar, Malaysia, etc.) now, and the plains of the north of Thailand and Myanmar, where people make their living by both rice cultivation and fishery - fishing in rivers and rice paddy fields, could be considered as the birth place of the 'original sushi' from well before Christ, and it disseminated to the south part of China, and Japan consequently.

The original concept of sushi is, by the aid of starchy rice, to preserve those of protein-rich foods, fresh water fish and flesh meat, which were not always obtainable through the dry and rainy seasons. This kind of preservation method could not be existed without the development of rice cultivation.

Natural fermentation is taken place when fish is kept long with millet or rice, starchy grains, and the generated lactic acid prevents from rotting. But in a long storage time, the rice part gets too soppy to eat and it was abandoned as a waste after all.

By getting well-off, people did not need a long storage period for preservation and also utilized the 'precious' rice part, then sushi became a dish to eat both the rice part and fish, in still semi-raw, together (Nama-nare type.)

In those countries, sushi has not much changed or improved its basic style till now, further it had completely disappeared in China by ca. 1800 eventually as the fact.

Japan:
It does not exactly known still now when and how sushi came to Japan. The first evidence concerning sushi in Japan is found in an old law document, Taiho-Ritsuryo (701/718) that referred awabi (abalone) and igai (mussel/moule) in Nare-zushi type. As in the rice cultivating country, sushi in Japan has much relation with rice and it has been integrated into today's splendid Nigiri-zushi type, and still been changing its style continuously in the world., Good night all our best friends, enjoy a great evening, null, special maki just for special you, Dinner time, how about checking out our healthy dietary, your comfortability is our goal, hi guys, check out our lunch special menu, are you hungry?, null, null)