List(Welcome back Suffolk students. This mezze plate has hummus, Moroccan carrots, red cabbage slaw, roasted veggies, grilled chicken and a cucumber daikon salad. All this with brown rice and mixed greens

PC: @bosstonfoodie on Instagram- thanks for sharing!, http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/dining_news/2015/08/social_studies_chefs_teaming_up_to_help_needy_kids, Nice write up in the Globe!, http://boston.suntimes.com/bos-entertainment/7/119/107130/vegetarian-boston, Piperi named one of the top 100 places to eat in the US by Yelp
http://officialblog.yelp.com/2015/01/yelps-top-100-places-to-eat-in-the-us-for-2015.html, Letting out a little secret!! What makes the Gozi sandwiches so good? They bread look like these the previous evening!!, Perfect start to today's lunch hour! Then it got crazy!!, http://www.zagat.com/l/boston/bostons-key-newcomers-quick-n-casual
Boston's Key Newcomers: Quick 'N' Casual
By Zagat Staff
September 12, 2013
Not all of Boston's new restaurants come with fancy food and white tablecloth service. Some of our key newcomers are casual, and we've listed those here.
Piperi
Mediterranean | Financial District
 
This fast-casual modern Mediterranean in the Financial District is centered around counter service for takeout but also features some unadorned tables for dining in; guests customize their meals, choosing to top the signature Gozi flatbread sandwich, salad or meze plate with a protein like grilled chicken or steak, then adding up to four sauces and toppings, such as hummus or feta cheese, to complete the picture, Welcome back to all Suffolk friends! There is a bustle in the area when you folks are around., Did you know that our Falafels are gluten free? Moist with a perfect crust !!, Tom Asbrook, of NPR, enjoying hummus at the Piperi Mediterranean Grill booth with co-founder, Tim Oliveri, at the Hometown Comfort event in Dorchester, to raise money for the victims of the Boston bombings., Home grown star Alessandro Nivola, back in town to film the new David O. Russell movie, along with Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, stops in to enjoy the falafel at Piperi Mediterranean Grill, along with co-owner Tim Oliveri., Tell us how we're doing. We'd love to hear your feedback., Studies have shown that carrots lower the risk of breast cancer, colon cancer and lung cancer. Pass the Moroccan Carrots please :-), Do you have a favorite Mediterranean recipe?  Share your recipes with us., Spring has sprung and our outdoor patio is open for your dining pleasure., Tim had the opportunity to personally thank one of the officers from Homeland Security at Piperi over the weekend., For the safety of our employees and to comply with the ongoing activities, Piperi will be closed today., We are very saddened by the events in our home city of Boston during what is normally a wonderful rite of Spring; The Boston Marathon.  Our hearts and prayers go to the victims and all who have been affected by this tragedy and our admiration to the First Responders and all those who displayed remarkable courage and spirit., If you're in Boston this Saturday, stop in and create your own Gozi sandwich. We are open from 11-3., Have you checked in on Foursquare yet?  You get a free bag of Gozi chips when you do., What is your favorite Mediterranean dish?, Have you seen us on Yelp yet?, Did you know that Falafel is a good source of protein and are low in fat?, Did you know that a Mediterranean diet can lower your grocery costs?, Did you know that being active and enjoying food with others are essential components of the Mediterranean Diet?, Planning an event? Having a lunch meeting? We now offer catering services for your next meeting or event. Call us at 617.227.7471 to order today., Tuesday's Health Tip:  Recent studies indicate that regular intake of olive oil can help decrease both systolic and diastolic blood pressure.  

Bone mineralization and calcification are improved in high consumption of olive oil. It helps calcium absorption., Friday's Nutrition Tip: Instead of adding salt to your favorite meals, substitute herbs and spices to give your meals punch without the sodium content., Did you know that the Mediterranean diet has been associated with a lower level of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol — the "bad" cholesterol that's more likely to build up deposits in your arteries., What's in your lunch bag today? Why not treat yourself to a Mezze Plate at Piperi Mediterranean Grill, Did you know that March is National Nutrition Month®?  Since the Mediterranean Diet is one of the healthiest, here are some tips on how to incorporate the Mediterranean Food Pyramid into your diet.
http://www.essortment.com/food-nutrition-mediterranean-food-pyramid-48956.html, Love Piperi Mediterranean Grill? Get $1 right here, right now from LevelUp. Click here to grab it now: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/Z12C4S, Which is you favorite meal style at Piperi? , According to a newly-released study, a Mediterranean Diet can help your heart!  The landmark study confirms what many have assumed; these kinds of foods can help you live longer., In a hurry? Order online and grab your lunch when you're ready., Did you know that chickpeas are also known to be effective in preventing build up of cholesterol in the blood vessels. Apart from that, it can maintain correct blood sugar levels., We've opened up our Catering operation and can't wait to cater your next event.  Having an office meeting, let us bring the food to you. http://piperi.com/menu/corporate-catering/, Food Service East has a great piece on Piperi  in their latest issue.  You can download a copy here. http://foodserviceeast.com/downloads/2013/FoodserviceEast_Wintertide_2013.pdf, Congratulations to @Jessica Mullarkey our Piperi Paparazzi Photo Contest winner.  Jessica won 10 free lunches for this photo entry.  

Keep checking back for our next contest and share this post to let Jessica know you care., Craving Piperi Mediterranean Grill? Get $1 off when you pay with your phone. Join LevelUp here: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/Z12C4S, We've heard you say you like the way our food tastes but did you know that 30 percent of heart attacks, strokes and deaths from heart disease can be prevented in people at high risk if they switch to a Mediterranean diet! 

Share this post with friends whose health you care about., Have you grabbed your $2.00 off coupon for our Facebook Friends.  They're only good through Thursday so click on our Social Offers tab and grab yours today., This is the last week to enter our Photo Contest for a chance to win 10 free lunches so enter today while you're here., null, Have you shared your favorite Piperi food photo in our photo contest yet?  Click on the Photo Contest tab and share yours today for a chance to win 10 FREE lunches., Share a photo of your favorite Piperi food for a chance to win 10 free lunches.. Enter Now!, If you'd like to get $2.00 off your next Gozi sandwich, Salad or Messe plate, click on our Social Offers tab (or the link below, to claim your coupon. See you soon. https://www.facebook.com/PiperiGrill/app_270273416371737, null, Come to Piperi Mediterranean Grill for our Valentine's Day Special. Two meals for $10!", We pleased to announce that we're now open for Catering.  Let us bring lunch to your next meeting, event or function. Just call us at 617.227.7471 for your next event., Come to Piperi Mediterranean Grill for our Valentine's Day Special.  Two meals for $10!, Our offer on $2.00 Off any Gozi sandwich, Salad or Mezze plate. is now unlocked. Get in before 06:00 pm EST February 28 to secure yours. But hurry, there are only a limited number available!, $2.00 Off any Gozi sandwich, Salad or Mezze plate.. 1 more participants are needed by 06:00 pm EST February 28 to unlock the offer. Click here to get in on this great offer., Come to Piperi Mediterranean Grill for our Valentine's Day Special.  Two meals for $10!, Want to save a buck? Grab your $1 coupon when you use Level Up to pay for your lunch. https://www.thelevelup.com/c/Z12C4S, With the worst behind us, and the shoveling done, we'll be open today for your dining pleasure.  Grab a Gozi!, Due to the extreme weather forecasted we will close Friday at 2pm and re-open Monday at 11 AM.  Stay safe everyone., If you get a chance we'd love it if you could get the vote out for us as Best Sandwich in Boston from the Phoenix.   Just scroll down to Restaurants, Best Sandwich and enter Piperi Mediterranean Grill.  Thanks for your help making us the best!, null, This just in: you can now pay with your phone at Piperi Mediterranean Grill! Grab $1 now to spend when you pay with LevelUp: https://www.thelevelup.com/c/Z12C4S, Are you using Level Up? You can now pay for your order at Piperi Mediterranean Grill using Level Up on your smartphone., What's your favorite topping for your Gozi sandwich?, It's the battle of Gozi vs Pita.  The undisputed heavyweight champion...... you'll have to read the article., Did you know the only difference between green olives and black olives is ripeness. Unripe olives are green and fully ripe olives are black.  Which do you prefer, green or black olives?, News Flash! We just added online ordering to our website so you don't have to wait in line for your order.  Order online, tell us when you want it ready, and pick it up at your convenience.  Now order your Gozi from anywhere., We're now accepting the Suffolk University RAM card and the Emerson College card for payment.  Expand your lunch options at Piperi Mediterranean Grill., If you're a Trip Advisor fan, and want to write a review about us on Trip Advisor, we just added a Tab to our page that allows you to write a review.  Please take a second to write something up and let us know how we're doing. 

Have a great weekend everyone!, What's your favorite thing to dip your Gozi chips in?, Have you tried our Moroccan Carrots yet?  Did you know that many studies have shown that eating carrots may help lower the risk of breast cancer, lung cancer and colon cancer?  Stop in and grab some today., We've got some exciting things planned in the upcoming weeks so if you want us to drop you an email we've posted our sign up tab here.  Pls share with your friends., What's your favorite Gozi sandwich so far?, null, We wish you all a new year of happiness., null, Rachael shared some photos from our lunch for the Boston Ballet yesterday.  Thanks foodista on pointe !, Hungry, hungry:) @BostonBallet post show #38 #BBNutcracker2012, Merry Christmas from all of us at Piperi Mediterranean Grill. May your Christmas be filled with love, laughter, good food and fine wines., We'll be closed tomorrow until the day after Christmas and we wish you a happy holiday until we see you next week., One of customers asked if we cater corporate events so we thought we'd share the link to our Corporate Catering page here.  Have a meeting coming up, entertaining clients, department get together?  Let us bring some freshness to your next event., Rachael Cossar from Foodista On Pointe shared her experience at Piperi Mediterranean Grill.  Thanks for stopping in Rachael.  See you after the holidays., The Boston Foodie stopped in for a bite and here's what he had to say about Piperi Mediterranean Grill, null, Have you tried our Gozi Chips?  Made from our Gozi bread, they come either sweet or savory. Which do you prefer?, Have you seen what's inside our falafel yet?  Fresh chickpea fritters - Spices, parsley, garlic, red onions and garbanzo beans ground together, Thanks Examiner.com for featuring us in this article.  Susan Holaday we hope to see you back here soon., Has anyone tried our Veggie Plate yet?  How did you like it? We'd love to get your feedback., The folks at Late Night Boston interviewed Chef Thomas John earlier this week and here's the piece they wrote. The Chef shares his favorite late night snack in here. Can you guess what that is?, Looking for an afternoon snack?  Have you tried our Gozi bread dipped in hummus yet? How'd you like it?, Thanks Zagat Survey for getting the word out!, null, @Limeduck stopped in last week for the Press Day sneak peek and had this to say about us.  Thanks @Limeduck.  See you soon., It's true we're officially open today.  Come in and see what Chef Thomas John has prepared for you today.  We can't wait to see you., null, What are you doing this Monday?  We'll be waiting right here to welcome you to the new Piperi Mediterranean Grill. Please share this with your friends and we'll see you Monday!, We asked a few of our Foodie friends to stop by yesterday to give us their feedback as we gave them a sneak peek at the menu.  Can you tag your favorite foodie in this picture?, null, Thanks Thrilllist for featuring us today!, We know one things that goes great on a Gozi Flatbread sandwich.  That's our Tomato Relish made with tomato, cucumber, radish, cilantro in a lemon juice dressing.  Try some when we open Dec 3., null, null, Thanks fastcasual.com for picking up our Press Release!, With only 2 days until Thanksgiving we're curious, What's on your Thanksgiving Day menu?, Who can tell us what Piperi means?  PSSSTTT - The answers on our website but no peeking......., Thanks Zagat!)