List(Thank you for your service to our country, and thank you NECHV for taking care of our men and women!, It’s true.  After over 20 years, the Keltic Krust is saying goodbye to West Newton.  We will miss all of you wonderful customers very much.  But we plan to carry on the Keltic Krust name in a new venture, and hope to have our Irish breads, scones, teas and other treats available soon online, at local farmers markets, and at local specialty stores.  Come by and see us tomorrow (Sunday, 8/31) if you can!  We will be open from 7:30am to 2pm.  We’re baking everything we’ve got. Baked goods left at the end of the day will be donated to the Veteran’s Shelter in Boston.

Meanwhile, we can all look forward to a new business  that will be renovating and moving into our spot here at the corner of Elm and Washington.   Coming soon—Judith’s Kitchen, featuring gourmet food and meals to go! Yum. We wish them much success and look forward to being regular customers.

Thank you all again for your patronage.  It has been a privleage and a joy to serve you all., null, Fresh Lobsters, null, Happy Summer Solstice!  Celebrate the first day of summer (and the longest day of the year!) with a wicked lemony lemon bar. Now more wicked lemonier., null, null, Gluten-free cupcakes!, "Hot cross buns, hot cross buns, if you don't have any daughters then you give them to your sons", null, !, Think Spring., Happy St. Patrick's Day!, What the fudge-- now serving chocolate, chocolate mint, and Bailey's Irish Cream!, Wake and bake. The soda bread!, Saints preserve us-- only 7 more days!, null, For the love of Mike, Saint Patrick's Day is only two weeks away!, Thanks for visiting the Krust, City Year Boston, with Kaitlin O'Donnell, Gluten-free cupcakes with both raspberry and mint chocolate frosting, Chocolate-dipped long stem strawberries for your sweetie, Chocolate-dipped long stem strawberries for your sweetie, null, null, On to Denver!, Go Pats, Merry Christmas!, Christmas Barm Brack-- a light, sweet bread with raisins, candied orange and lemon peel, almonds., null, Happy Winter Solstice! Here's to longer days ahead. Cheers!, null, Carolers at the Krust today, They're back-- gingerbread men and reindeer, now through Christmas!, more baked doughnuts!, Got pie? Order now for Thanksgiving!  Call 617-332-9343, 8am-4pm, or stop in the bakery at 1371 Washington St., West Newton. We're open til 5pm on Wednesday, 11/27, closed Thanksgiving day., Happy Halloween from Spidey and friends, null, New! Keltic Krust doughnuts-- baked not fried. More flavors coming soon., null, null, Pumpkin whoopies w/chai cream, null, null, null, Country apple cake is back!, Dear Krustomers-- we will be closed for summer vacation this Monday, July 29, thru next Sunday, August 4.

Hope to see you back on Monday August 5! Stay cool., : ), Eat a Peach, Happy 4th of July!, Red, white, and blue. And brownie., Big stack of whoopies, first day of summer, Raspberry and lemon butter cookies, null, Cupcakes for Mother's Day!, null, null, Let's go Boston!, We're back, Krustomers! Boston, we love you!, Dear Krustomers, we are closed this morning until further notice! Stay home and stay safe. Hope to see you all again soon., null, If you have no daughters, give them to your sons, one ha' penny, two ha' penny, hot cross buns! Celebrate #Easter in #NewtonMA., Quack., null, https://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=629849760363701&set=a.132208016794547.24698.109925819022767&type=1, https://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=629849760363701&set=a.132208016794547.24698.109925819022767&type=1, Shamrock creams!, Only two days left until St. Patrick's Day! What are your plans for celebrating this year?, Keltic Krust gets a mention in the Boston Globe today. Just in time to help celebrate our 21st St. Patrick's Day. Check it out!, Mmmmmmmm. Mint chocolate brownies., Vanilla cupcakes with Bailey's chocolate frosting, Time to raise your flags, null, Only 8 days til St. Patricks... call 617-332-9343 or stop in to place your order for Irish soda bread, scones, and other Irish treats for next weekend., 26 days til St. Patrick's, Happy Valentine's Day, Boston!, null, Red velvet cupcakes with chocolate ganache, Chocolate-dipped strawberries for Valentine's Day, Happy St. Bridget's Day. With thanks to Lmfm Breakfast Show, Ireland, Happy New Year from everyone at the Krust! Hope to see you back soon.  Cheers., null, Breads for Christmas! Pictured-- Wheat and Raisin Irish soda breads, barm brack, farmhouse white, multigrain (vegan), and sesame white (gluten-free)., Happy Winter Solstice!
http://ireland2012.ie/, null, Whether you're gathering with family for Christmas, celebrating Winter Solstice, or packing a bug-out bag for the Mayan apocalypse, why not pick up some tasty treats at the Keltic Krust?, Fresh batch of Christmas cupcakes (gluten-free), We're here!, Gingerbread men getting ready for the day., Mint chocolate brownies (made with Andes mint chocolates!), ...warm up with some good food, and good friends, Stop into the Krust this chilly holiday season..., Red velvet and chocolate mint whoopie pies, Gingerbread snowflakes, dipped in dark chocolate, Stop in and enter our Hand Turkey Drawing Contest, now through Nov. 21. All ages. Tasty prizes. Gotta draw one to win one., null, Hand Turkey Contest, 2012, Giant chocolate chip cookie, w/choc buttercream web and gummy spiders. (serves 8!), Now serving gluten-free cupcakes!  They taste great. No, really!, First day of Fall. Come on in for some fresh country apple cake., ... and our first pumpkin whoopie pies of the season, with chai cream., Last batch of lemon bars for the season. Wicked lemony., Relax, Stars and stripes, 4th of July cupcakes-- chocolate and red velvet, Chocolate whoopie pies with Fluff cream., Go moist., Blueberry-cinnamon-walnut coffee cake, Summer is the season of Lemonade and . . .

. . . our Wicked Lemony Lemon Bars. (Mmmm . . . so tart . . . so sweet . . . so lemony . . . ) We are also featuring new gluten-free banana-almond-chip Vegan Breakfast Bars, green tea-blended Fruit Smoothies, gluten-free Shortbread Cookies, and way, way, wicked-way more! Stop on by the Krust. www.keltickrust.com, Stop in and pick up some breads, scones and pastries for Mother's Day, This weekend only-- chocolate raspberry-filled and pineapple upside-down cupcakes, pineapple upside-down cupcakes, warm Irish batch bread, Gram's chocolate chip cookies, Hot cross buns for Easter Sunday, null, They're back-- Wicked Lemony Lemon Bars.  Pick some up for Easter Sunday..., This week-- giant Cadbury chocolate Easter eggs from Dublin. Featuring Flake, Wispa, Crunchie, Mars, Caramel, and Mint Aero chocolates. The good stuff!, null, Thanks to all our customers for a great St. Patrick's weekend. Hope to see you all again soon., Live bagpipes performance at the Keltic Krust today at noon. Happy St. Paddy's Day!, Get your Irish up, 30 More Days til St. Patrick's, Happy Valentine's Day, Happy Vanentine's Day, Kathleen's chocolate-dipped strawberries, Come in for our Christmas gift baskets and imports. Stay for lunch., null, ho, ho, ho my. Christmas whoopies are back-- chocolate with mint buttercream, and red velvet with chocolate chip buttercream., Sign art by John Preusch, null, Fresh summer zucchini bread with lemon icing (gluten free), July 4th, 2011, Happy Summer Solstice from the Krust!, Wicked lemony lemon bars (bahs), Easter Pie (ricotta pie with candied lemon and orange peel, cranberries, almonds, and splash of Irish cream), Imported Cadbury chocolates for Easter! The good stuff., think spring, null, 2 more weeks! Get your Irish up., award-winning Irish author Joseph O'Connor visits the Krust, while on a U.S. book tour for his new novel, Ghost Light. 
http://www.josephoconnorauthor.com/, 30 Days Til St. Patrick's, Stop into the Krust this Valentine's Day Weekend to pick up sweets for your sweetie. Now featuring chocolate-dipped, long-stem strawberries, cream-filled cupcakes and red velvet mini cupcakes, pink-heart sugar cookies, imported Cadbury Roses™ and other assorted chocolates, chocolate-raspberry herbal tea, and more. www.keltickrust.com., chocolate-dipped strawberries, raspberry-cream cheese brownies, cinnamon walnut coffee cake, gingerbread men and a snowflake, Happy Winter Solstice!, 'Tis the season-- for red velvet and chocolate mint whoopie pies., New-- ginger almond spice cookies., Happy Celtic New Year, Halloween Treats, Harney and Sons Hot Cinnamon Spice tea now back in stock. Warm yourself up at Keltic Krust Bakery: www.keltickrust.com, Follow @keltickrust on Twitter for updates and specials: http://twitter.com/keltickrust, Vegan Pumpkin Bread is here!, Now serving Vegan Pumpkin Bread. Come on by and try some!  www.keltickrust.com, They're back! Pumpkin Whoopie Pies with Chai Creme filling. Mmm-mmm autumn., Still serving up lots of hot cross buns for lent. Get 'em while the gettin's good., http://www.wickedlocal.com/newton/features/x427971233/Newton-residents-leave-careers-for-Keltic-Krust-Bakery, Special menu through St. Paddy's Day: Irish Style Beef Stew, Corned Beef Soup, and Potato and Leek Soup. Stop on by Keltic Krust Bakery., Keltic Krust Bakery Cafe wishes all of you all very happy Saint Patrick's Day!
Visit us at www.keltickrust.com)