List(Make us your #MarchMadness destination!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! Don't miss out on the fun with us tonight!, Don't forget: Corned beef, Fish & Chips, Beal Street Brisket & Green Eggs and Ham are on the menu for #StPatricksDay tomorrow! #HarvardSquare, Our Green Eggs and Ham app is the star of our St. Patrick's Day Menu!! Be sure to come in and try them out!, Check out what we've got cookin' this St. Paddy's day weekend! We've got a special treat from our Executive Chef Joshua Breen., See you there!, BEER LAUNCH PARTY TONIGHT! We have Pintley and Two Roads Brewing Company coming in from 7-10! Be one of the first in Massachusetts to try Two Road's newest Saison, Worker's Stomp! Plus, lots of other great brews, of course., Thank you 7NEWS - WHDH and Sarah French for coming in and checking out our #LambChili! #WhatsCooking, #AppTuesdays: Smoky Meatballs. Warm up on these cold days!, We don't care about #TheDress, either. Come on in for a drink tonight and let's not talk about it together!, #NationalClamChowderDay. 'Nuff said., Looking for something to do tonight? We're hosting Pintley with Peak Organic Brewing and Urban Farm Fermentory! Free admission...join us 7pm - 10pm! (Did we mention we'll have raffle prizes?!) #BeerLovers #Cambridge #HarvardSquare, We braved the cold for #HarvardSquare's 2015 Chili Cookoff! Proud to be a part of such a great event for our neighborhood. Thank you for all who came! (Find us at :18 seconds!), #PresidentsDay Trivia tonight! #GeeksWhoDrink, Happy Valentine's Day!, #ThirstyThursday... or, in this weather, Burrrsday?, Want to avoid the public transportation commuter rush? We are right by the Harvard T stop—come grab a drink!, Now taking reservations for a cozy, casual and romantic Valentine’s Day. Check out our special menu:, Don't forget to buy your Good #Beer Passport! Get 1 Craft Beer at 20 different #Boston restaurants. Buy before 2/14, use till 3/13., YES! We will remain #OPENinBOS all day and night. Join us this evening for #geekswhodrink pub trivia at 8pm, and don't forget to celebrate #NationalPizzaDay!!!, Fridays have never looked so good. Join us tonight!, Our #GeeksWhoDrink Monday Night Trivia winners!, YES! We are #OPENinBOS, Come see if you can handle "The Gronk" 1lb chili dog, or our "Deflate-gate Burger"., Come watch the game and chimp on some 25 cent wings., Pregame for the big game with us this weekend. #GoPatriots #DoYourJob #SuperBowl, Come in tonight and order a Jackie-O cocktail! #WCW, We're closing early. Wishing everyone a warm and safe few days in the storm!, ATTENTION #GeeksWhoDrink #Trivia friends: due to the weather, we have to cancel trivia tonight. However: we are still open for regular business--get a good meal in before the travel ban at midnight!! Everyone be safe in the storm!, Due to the impending snow storm, we will be rescheduling our Pintley event originally set for this Tuesday the 27th. New date to be determined, stay tuned! (And warm!), Birthday coming up?  Give the gift of food! Stop in and pick up a Kennedy’s gift card., #ThirstyThursday - The Jackie-O. 
Photo Courtesy Yelp & Tatsu Ikeda!, Feel like tacos on a Tuesday? 

...How about now?, Did you know MLK’s name was originally Michael, not Martin? Trivia tonight at 8! #MLKday #GeeksWhoDrink, Chef Breen with his delicious bread pudding based on the #GirlScouts Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookie. Thank you Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts for letting us be a part of your #CookieCreations event last night! We had a wonderful time., #ThirstyThursday, Get out of the house and celebrate hump day with dinner & drinks at Kennedy’s!, On a cold day like this, you know you could go for some New England Clam Chowder #AppTuesdays #ClamChowder #CambridgeEats, Test your brain in the company of good friends! Trivia tonight at 8pm! #Geekswhodrink, Tonight's a good night to use that Kennedy's gift card you received for the holidays. Or, use it tomorrow while we root for our favorite football team, the New England Patriots!! Either way--see you soon!, #ThirstyThursday, Take a hump-day break and let us cook for you!, #AppTuesdays Mediterranean Sampler: hummus, baba ganoush, eggplant salad, falafel, house-made pickles, olives, & mint pita chips, Back to work today? Relax after a Monday return with a trip to Public House., Watch out for a killer brain-freeze tonight! Whether it’s from one of our decadent dessert options or our Monday night trivia (starting at 8pm), stop by! #Geekswhodrink, null, And we are back to the weekend! Spend it with us., Happy New Year! Thanks to all who joined us last night. Who's ready to come back and cure the hangover?, Sheri Kay is patiently waiting to serve your champagne. #NYEboston #kots, We've got a handful of tickets left! Call Mike Lanno at 617-497-0900 to reserve your spot now before it's too late!!, Happy New Year's Eve! Everyone be safe and we'll see you tonight at our Charity Masquerade! #NYEBoston, It's not too late--grab tickets to our Charity New Year's Eve party tomorrow night!, Did someone say TRIVIA? See you tonight at 8pm! #GeeksWhoDrink, Come for a drink and wind down with friends and family after the holiday., Merry Christmas! Wishing all a safe and happy holiday., Get your tickets now while they last!!, Feeling smart? Prove it tonight at Geeks who drink trivia tonight at 8pm., Please join us in helping the less fortunate this New Year's Eve. All ticket proceeds to benefit Youth on Fire, and we are open an extra hour too!, Finish up your last minute shopping with a great deal from KOTS!, We're throwin' it' back tonight: DJ John Chen bringin' you the best 80s and 90s Dance Party Music starting at 10pm. See you there., null, null, Kennedys will be closed to the public this evening starting at 4pm for a private function. We will be returning to our regular business hours tomorrow for lunch. We apologize for any inconvenience, and we will see you Thursday!, #AppTuesdays Featured appetizer: our Smoky Meatballs - house aged ground beef, veal, & pork with sun-dried marinara and shaved parmesan, Think you're smart? Prove it tonight at 8pm as we host #gwdtrivia., #FlashBackFridays Hosted by DJ Justin - Your best 80s and 90s Dance Party Music starting at 10:30pm. No Cover!, Kennedy's would like to congratulate our Geeks Who Drink trivia winners! In 1st place, we have #SixCoolPeople and in 2nd place we have #TheEllerys. #KOTStrivia #GWDtrivia, null, null, Come enjoy a beet salad, then tear up the dance floor with our live DJ tonight., Come let Paul make you your favorite cocktail and let our live DJ ease you into the weekend., null, null, Are you ready for winter? We have all the hot mulled wine you could ask for., Have you started your holiday shopping? For the month of December, we are offering huge discounts on Kennedys gift cards., null, Welcome to Hump Day!, null, Look at what our waitress Kelsey had for dinner tonight. Come try one yourself!, null, null, Kennedy's would like to congratulate our first and second place winners of our Geeks Who Drink Trivia last night! Way to go Blanket (returning champions) and Premium Scante (second place)!!!, null, null, Come celebrate life with us tonight. Trivia 8-10pm., #KOTScontest., Come have some fun and dance off that Turkey with us! DJ starts at 10:30pm., null, null, null, Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!, Hit me with your best shot! Tell your friends, family, dog, and anyone else who loves eating and drinking! #KOTScontest, Congrats to our first and second place trivia night winner! And congrats also to the 5 bonus round winners as well. Go team 3 day weekend (#2) and team Blanket (#1), null, null, Don't forget, we debut our Monday Night Trivia tomorrow, November 24th at 8pm. Come have some drinks and show off your brains!!!, Looks like Harvard may take it this year!!!, Join us as we root for the best that the Ivy League has to offer. Playing on two flatscreens and serving food till midnight., null, null, All of us at Kennedys would like to give a very big thank you to all of our fans and guests for helping us make our 400 like milestone. We vow to continue to offer an honest, quality meal at a fair price, with the best service possible. Happy Turkey Day!!!, Want to know the secret to staying warm? Come in and let us show you. #KOTSdailyspecials, null, null, Stop in for some warm mulled wine to warm up. #KOTSdailyspecials, What's your idea of "Timeless"?
#KOTS, Just joined up on snapchat! Add us to view #KOTSdailyspecials and updates on #KOTSafterdark., Looking for something to do this weekend? Swing by and check us out. #KOTSafterdark, null, YEAH! Check these guys out. They have great photos of our neighborhood that our wonderful residents share via #picturecambridge. Well worth a browse., It's not turkey time yet, but this Half Roast Chicken will get you in the mood., Homemade clam chowder makes everyone feel warm and fuzzy. Have you tried ours?, Don't you deserve to take some time for yourself? Come enjoy a Mediterranean Sampler and a nice glass of wine with us. #KOTSdailyspecials, If you're in Harvard square tonight, stop by Winthrop Park for some free hot chocolate and a wonderful concert from theSt Paul's boys choir, compliments of #kennedysOTS., null, null, What's your plan for the evening? #KOTSafterdark, How do you plan on keeping warm today? #KOTSdailyspecials, Thanks to everyone who came out for #KOTSafterdark! We had a blast, and hope you did too! Don't forget, tomorrow we are spinning #top40s, We are up and running with our first #KOTSafterdark!, We'll be there, will you?, null, null, null, What's for lunch today? Come see for yourself..., Nothing like a proper rack of ribs to keep you warm on nights like these. What's your favorite food to warm up with?, null, Thirsty? We've got plenty of mulled wine to take that edge off., Thanks for all the likes everyone!, Finally up and running and doing great !, null, These make great holidays gifts for friends, family, and most importantly, all your employees who work all year to make your business thrive., This Friday and Saturday night, we're kicking off the weekend with live DJs spinning throwbacks and top 40s. Come drink and dance with us!, null, Also coming up, we are offering Trivia Night starting Monday, November 24th from 8-10pm. The three top teams win a gift certificate to the restaurant, and bonus round winners get a free draft beer. E mail Michael.Lanno01@gmail.com for more details., Come check us out this weekend as we go live with Kennedy's After Dark. Friday and Saturday night we will be offering live entertainment with DJs spinning throwbacks on Friday, and your favorite Top 40s playlist on Saturday. Music starts at 10:30pm. Email Michael.Lanno01@gmail.com for details, and we will see you there!, Come check out our first night with live entertainment. That's right! We've got a DJ spinning your favorite top 40s playlist. Come check it out!, null, Brrrr.... It's cold outside.  Come watch the Pats vs Broncos game with us!, null, Tommy Doyle's field trip to KOTS open mic!, Forget about waffles- have you tried our vanilla cognac French toast?! Come by for brunch!, Open mic night about to get started! Check out some live local talent right here in Harvard Square!, Happy Head of the Charles weekend!! Check us out for post-race food & drink, Look who's on the mic tonight!  Come sing along with Mike!, Acoustic open mic night tonight with Tim Ko!, Stop by for some comfort food on this rainy Saturday, Local beer on tap here!, Follow us on Instagram!
@kennedys.onthesquare

Follow us on Twitter!
@kennedyscambrid, null, null, #sundaybloodysunday #football #patriotsnation #sundayfunday #kennedysonthesquare #harvardsquare, On the "small" plates menu,  our BBQ pork ribs with onion strings and apple jicama slaw. #getsome # Yummy #kennedysontheSquare, Beet Salad, Live music tonight! Acoustic open mic hosted by Tim Ko every Sunday night!, null, null)