List(Thank you volunteer planters of 10,200 fava beans (and their mighty farm leaders) #volunteersrock, Daisy, Tigerface, Bubba...want to name some baby goats? Bid on naming rights for 2 goat kids, visit a family goat & chicken farm Locust Knoll Farm, and get goat goodies with this Sprout auction item! 
Join us at the Sprout event on Fri., April 8th, 6:30-9:30pm Charles River Museum of Industry & Innovation for our annual farm benefit and silent auction...online bidding open now! https://www.501auctions.com/sprout2016, Bid on me at Sprout to support #walthamfieldscommunityfarm and our work in #foodaccess #hungerrelief and #education, April is coming up soon, and so is Sprout (get your tickets soon) and baseball season (bid on several great sets of tickets for this year's games at Fenway! ), Online Registration for summer programs through Waltham Recreation begins TOMORROW, including two weeks of programs at Waltham Fields Community Farm!, This looks like a great way to enjoy some good food and drink in support Waltham's Museum of Industry tomorrow night (Thurs):, Check out the great work being done at Boston HandyWorks, a social enterprise of Pine Street Inn. They made a beautiful cutting board for our Sprout silent auction - it even has our logo. Buy your Sprout tickets to bid on this lovely item plus a set of wood spreaders. https://www.501auctions.com/sprout2016, There are just a few more days to sign up for Garden Corps, our spring gardening program for teens, starting April 9th! This program is a great way to get your hands dirty, learn a little about farming, and complete community service requirements!, Waltham Fields Community Farm invites you to Sprout, our annual farm benefit and silent auction on April 8, 2016 at the Charles River Museum of Industry & Innovation.  It's going to be a great night with amazing food from Season to Taste Catering (featuring produce grown at Waltham Fields!), live jazz from the Ryan Kowal Trio, open bar and fantastic auction items including get-away stays, sports tickets, fine dining, hand-crafted gifts and so much more! 

To purchase tickets and see more information, visit https://www.501auctions.com/sprout2016/, We are getting some great auction items....starting April 1, you can bid on a Taste of Blacksmithing intro class at Prospect Hill Forge in Waltham..., Of course we prefer picking our own local strawberries, but this is a great step forward in recognizing that living wages and decent working conditions for farm workers benefits us all., Summer Programs are filling up quick, sign your kids up today! Programs run Monday-Friday 9am-2:30pm, for ages 5-13!, Just a few of the delicious restaurants offering gift certificates at Sprout silent auction (buy your tickets now!), null, We're sprouting every which way...., The Massachusetts Department of Agricultural Resources (MDAR) is seeking public comment on the state Pollinator Protection Plan.  The dealine to sumbit comments is March 31, 2016., Our chard is sprouting for Sprout!  Our annual farm benefit and silent auction is happening on Friday, April 8....just one month away!  A lovely spring celebration with farm-fresh food, drinks and live jazz.  Get your tickets today! https://www.501auctions.com/sprout2016/, Looking for a summer program for your preschooler? Our NEW Junior Garden Explorers summer class is a 1/2 day (9am-12pm) weeklong gardening program  for 4-6 year olds! For more information, visit our website: http://ow.ly/ZyiXq, null, Welcome back, volunteers...we missed you!
Friday drop-in volunteering started today at 9am and will continue through Aug 19.  Find all the details about how you can help this season on our website., Sprout tickets are now on sale!  It's going to be a fantastic evening at the Charles River Museum of Industry & Innovation with great food from Season to Taste Catering, drinks and live jazz from the Ryan Kowal trio.  Follow the link to see what's new and fun for 2016. http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout

Share with your friends and buy your tickets today!, We know it's really the beginning of the spring season because Friday Drop-In Volunteer hours are beginning tomorrow! Meet us at the green roof barn a little before 9am to get in on the seeding action!

Teen volunteers, be sure to check out our spring 4H Club, Garden Corps: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#q2, A day like today was made to be outside., Spring Little Sprouts and our summer programs are quickly filling up! Be sure to sign up your young gardeners (ages 2-13) early to secure a spot: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#q1, Anna and Naomi start off our 2016 growing season planting seeds of swiss chard, arugula, and lettuce mixes for Sprout, our annual silent auction and benefit for the farm on April 8th in Waltham.  Tickets go on sale at the end of this week!, Hopefully you would be deterred by this if you are a Canadian goose. #coyotedecoy, It's always a thrill to see the first green shoots ~ Erinn surveying the baby garlic in the fields., Homegrown local greens in February, courtesy of winter CSA share  #carrottops #beettops #windowsillgarden, We are so pleased that CitySide Subaru supports Waltham Fields events and programs with their Sprout sponsorship, and we have numerous members who can attest to their great customer service. Congratulations!, "Dirt means three things to me. It’s eating nutrient-dense food from healthy soil. It’s being exposed to certain microbes. And it’s spending time outdoors in nature.", We'd love to have your help to make Sprout the best ever this year ~~ if you have something great to donate or ideas for sponsorship, let us know., Get  your tickets with online code DON-CFO...., Just a reminder....if you're heading out for some skiing, use our code online DON-CFO so Waltham Fields gets a donation!, It may be yucky outside right now, but we're already looking towards the summer! Sign your kids (now expanded for ages 4-18!) up for summer in the Learning Garden today: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#q1, Distribution barn closed up for the winter #walthamfieldscommunityfarm, null, Kale stalk stubble, #snowyfield #walthamfieldscommunityfarm, null, null, If you are planning a visit to Wachusett Mountain for skiing, use our special promo code DON-CFO to buy tickets online, and Waltham Fields will receive $10 for every lift ticket and Beginner Package sold for the rest of the season! (Bonus, you receive discounts for online purchase, and there are no processing fees).  Don't forget, our code is DON-CFO. Happy Skiing!, Planning for Sprout, join us! Hooray for our Sprout volunteers!! We currently need help soliciting for all our great silent auction items. Contact volunteer@communityfarms.org for info, ideas, or to learn when our next suppertime gathering will be., Great article about long-time Waltham Fields supporter, the environmentally minded Basil Tree Catering. We love their smoky cheese apple quesadillas and fresh lemonade that have become our standard treats for our Crop Mob volunteer weeders in the summer!, null, The Forest Foundation offers great opportunities for undergraduates to do paid meaningful work at local nonprofits over the summer, and they are looking for applicants...last season we were incredibly fortunate to have Ali, Cassie and Alisa work with us through this program. Spread the word., Teen volunteer and employment opportunities at Waltham Fields ~  Be part of our Garden Corps, Field Corps, or Farm Corps this summer!, Happy to see Food For Free profiled nationally! We partner with them to get our vegetables to those in need. Those could be our veggies in that photo spread there....  :-) .... OK,artichokes, hmmmmm... probably not., Worm bin in corner of our Education Program Manager Alex's office - "Promote Global Worming"!, A frosty kale star to end the year, plus recipes we're cooking and an easy donation link., Registration is now open for our spring and summer 2016 programs! To view our schedule and sign up today, visit our website:, We broke a record this year., If you work for a corporation that matches employee contributions, would you keep us in mind? Thank you to wonderful people making matches from: Arbella Insurance, Adobe Systems, Agilent Technologies, Cadmus Group, Cisco Systems, Harvard Univ, McKesson,  Microsoft, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Millipore, Pfizer, and Verisk Analytics!, Got a hankering to pickle some of those winter veggies? This is a great compilation of vegetable jam and pickle links, like curry maple pickled kohlrabi and carrot cake jam., We're teaching some winter programs this year! They will be held indoors at the Waltham Rec Dept ~ click the link and look for Little Sprouts (pre-school, Wed 1-2pm) or Garden Explorers (K-Gr 3, Wed 3:30-5pm) - these are the classes taught by our education staff and involve both indoor activities and outdoor exploration., Check out our latest e-newsletter ~, Oakes Plimpton - founder of Community Farms Outreach/Waltham Fields Community Farm, as well as the Boston Area Gleaners - front and center!, Look who got extra lucky in the Learning Garden today!, http://purchasing4mycause.com/ 
May we make a suggestion, if you are interested in mail order goodies, to check out this site, called Purchasing4MyCause (from PS: It Matters). They donate 15% of your purchase price to a charity of your choice at checkout. We are pleased that folks from WinterWyman often choose us for their corporate gifts! It's very simple, at check-out choose "Food Org", then our state of MA, and you will see Waltham Fields in the drop-down list., Holiday party lunch with goodies from Flour Bakery+Cafe and most of our year-round staff! Over the past several weeks we've been bidding farewell to the many amazing field staff we've had the pleasure of working with this season. Now the farmer kitchen seems just a little bit empty....., Just want to give a big shout-out to Chestnut Farms CSA and Blue Ribbon Barbecue ~ two local businesses we'd be happy to support any time ~ they have been incredibly generous donors of product and labor and community goodwill!, Johnson Compounding and Wellness, Basil Tree Catering, Season to Taste Catering Gordon's Fine Wines & Liquors, CitySide Subaru, PlanetShoes.com... these are a few of our favorite things! Thank you to these Local Business Heroes that are so supportive of the work we do., Yesterday's frosty crucifers, null, null, null, Can you help us ready the greenhouses for the farmers? We need a few extra hands to help us move tables back from the greenhouse (from our Annual Meeting Potluck last week) into the auditorium for winter, then we'll set up the cement blocks and table tops that are used for planting seeds in spring! This is not super-heavy work, just a lot easier with a few more hands. Give Alex a ring or email alex@communityfarms.org if you can help out., Harvesting over 400 pounds of collards for Food For Free on this very chilly this morning...., null, Skeleton in the fields - skeletal hoop house, that is. We successfully grew ginger in it this season! The cover is removed in preparation for winter. A plentiful field of brassicas (collards and kale) awaits harvest for donation to food banks and pantries, as well as our winter CSA shares., This Thursday, come on down. Park in the parking lot and follow the signs to our greenhouses., Look what's still green and growing in the Learning Garden! We got two!, null, Took this photo then saw the shadow #halloweenmonster in the #collards, Cambridge Montessori School students are learning about different ways to extend the season in the Learning Garden by using row covers and building us some cold frames!, Constant Contact volunteers taking a tech break to help us get a lot of garlic into the ground! They were so fast we're gonna let them get a lot of carrots out of the ground, too :-)  Thanks for all the help!, Dr. Gregory Parham from the USDA visited the MacArthur school for lunch this afternoon to see our Farm-to-School program in action. He asked many questions about Waltham Fields and our partnership with Waltham public schools!  #farmtoschool, Good to see attention being to be paid to soil (and not treating it like dirt!) The UN has declared 2015 the International Year of Soil; and this Saturday 10/24 is National Food Day - over 420 elementary schools in Mass. will eat 'fresh and local' school breakfast and lunch on Friday to celebrate! #yearofsoil  #foodday, Happy to have the help of volunteers from Dassault Systemes to dig up carrots this afternoon., The Waltham Family School is an important resource for English Language Learners in our fair city. They are also an important partner with Waltham Fields,  helping to get our fresh vegetables to families in need. Learn about their good work as they celebrate the year's accomplishments at their new Friends of WFS annual meeting., We're looking for a part-time bookkeeper/office coordinator! Contact Shannon by the end of the week, interviews are happening soon., It's that time of year. Storage crops will keep for weeks and months. We still have winter CSA shares available, first pickup is early November., Zannah harvesting lettuce this morning, on her almost-last day here! She will be moving on to manage Powisset Farm, aTrustees of Reservations farm located in Dover...if you see her, please bid her happy farm trails!, Anna and Jack washing some beautiful late season greens., Staff and Justice Brandeis Semester (JBS) volunteers having fun at our last low-income Outreach Market of the season!, null, As seen in the farmer kitchen....! Frickin' Awesome Fried Cabbage Balls, Visitor Nehemiah Brand helped harvest sweet potatoes from this bin in our container garden on Farm Day a few weeks back. We learned from another visitor that the sweet potato greens were widely eaten in Asian cultures. Stir fry them and you have a tender, mild spinach-like green, with loads of vitamins K and A, and without the oxalic acid of spinach., Winter CSA shares still available ..., MENU includes pasture-raised pig from Chestnut Farms, Grits from Mainstone Farms, Veggies from Waltham Fields, Dennis Busa (fresh corn), and Blue Ribbon Chef Scott's own garden (late season tomatoes), and Fruit from Autumn Hills Orchard: Pulled pig, grits w/ herbed grilled corn, old school Blue Ribbon mashed potatoes, beans & greens, creole cabbage w/ veggies and fall tomatoes. Top it all off with apple cranberry cobbler and pear crisp for dessert! All sides and desserts are vegetarian. For more information & to purchase tickets, go to our website: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events, null, Our ED Shannon met Mass. Ag Commissioner John Lebeaux, who visited with the Waltham Rotary Club today to talk about the improving state of Mass ag. He also encouraged local businesses to advocate for the future UMass Waltham Center for Urban Sustainability., null, Join Fort Point Ramblers, Chestnut Farms CSA , Blue Ribbon Barbecue at this delicious benefit, tickets still available, $10 discount to Waltham Fields members, children eat free, Veggie of the Month is our Summer Squash/Zucchini at the Waltham Public Schools ~ look at all these tasty presentations!  #farmtoschool, Check out the great day we had for Farm Day (thanks to Healthy Waltham for the photos), null, Education Coordinator Alex with a Learning Garden harvest #tomatilloajipepperandtomato, null, null, Come help for 2 hours, this Saturday! It's going to be a great day., Go team! Some of our bikers this Sunday in the The Ride for Food, Our Youth Crew will be selling these beauties at a farmer market in front of the Boston Children's Museum this afternoon, plus fresh snacking veggies. Visit if you're in the area - plus it's $1 admission for all, from 5-9 pm at the museum tonight!, Let your unloved cookbooks and garden books spark joy with someone new; drop them at the office or Distribution Barn for our Book Sale table at Farm Day next Saturday., "Robert Zarr, a pediatrician, writes prescriptions for parks. He pulls out a prescription pad and scribbles instructions—which park his obese or diabetic or anxious or depressed patient should visit, on which days, and for how long—just as though he were prescribing medication."
Come get some therapy at the farm next Saturday 2-5pm 9/26, at our free Waltham Farm Day!, null, Winter CSA shares available - 3 pickup dates in Nov and Dec, $200, check link for more info:, A worthwhile re-post from our friends at Johnson Compounding and Wellness !, We are looking for volunteers for our Ride For Food 9/20 in Dedham and our Farm Day 9/26 on the farm, contact marla@communityfarms.org if interested ~, The Ride for Food is this Sunday 9/20 and we are 73% of the way toward meeting our financial goal!  Please consider a donation toward our wonderful bikers, biking to help support our food access and hunger relief work., Make a farmer happy today, donate to help Zannah reach her fundraising goal, the ride is less than 2 weeks away!, Hot and dusty day for the farmers. With no fans or AC to help out., Always appreciative of all the extra effort it takes for our farm staff to get these beauties in from the fields., The Ride For Food is 2.5 weeks away and we're nearly halfway to our financial goal - help our mighty riders to reach our cumulative $10,000 with a donation of any size:, We are so pleased to be a recipient of a grant from the Foundation for MetroWest for our Food Access work!, Long-time supporters Michele and Graeme stopped by to donate a stainless steel kitchen prep table for our Learning Garden cooking programs before heading west to their new home. They have been generous volunteers: Michele baked delicious vegan desserts for many of our events and was the hand behind the creatively decorated Sprout  'veggie periodic table' grab bags, and Graeme built the database years ago that we still use today...Happy Trails, we will miss you!, Our Youth Crew is winding up their summer work, but you might still see some faces here and there as they take weekend shifts through the beginning of the school year. Here's a recipe they made together  #AGsummerjobs, null, null, null, Sponsor a Waltham Fields team rider with a donation of any size:
https://ride.threesquaresne.org/fundraise/team?ftid=50111, Early bird registration now available for Northeast Sustainable Agriculture Working Group (NESAWG)'s  annual convening of regional food and farm practitioners - this year's theme looks at the civil and labor rights movements and how they apply in food systems, with a terrific keynote speaker. Worth the trip to Saratoga Springs!
http://nesawg.org/our-work/conference, Enthusiastic weeders from Adobe Corp., thank you!, What's coming up, Do you want to encourage your children's love of fresh healthy cooking? We still have space open in our Farm2Table Family Cooking Workshop this Thursday, August 20th 4-6pm! To sign up, click the link below! http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07eb5of4p87fa7138b&llr=47sznzbab, Meet our Youth Crew! Our high school-aged Youth Crew has been working in the fields harvesting, in the CSA and at the Outreach Market all summer, and will continue to be at the farm for the fall, too! #AGSummerJobs, TONIGHT! Free Farm Tour & Movie Night! Farm Tour starts at 7pm, and the movie starts at 8pm. Visit our website to see the name of this farm-fresh movie: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events, Live free or die? What's your take, if you found this in your veggie patch?, Which of these bugs should you welcome into your garden...and how do you deal with the others using organic methods? Join Farmer Zannah and Extension Associate Sue on a field walk and talk this Saturday, see Events or our website for more details., null, Fierce rain :-)   and hail  :-(  right now in the fields, We are over the moon that Blue Ribbon Barbecue has very generously offered to sponsor our Pig Roast, and that Chestnut Farms CSA is donating the meat. Save the date on October 3rd, more details later in the season!!, null, Don't forget about our upcoming pest management event on Saturday, August 8th- perfect for a backyard gardener!, Dear Rodwens and every ELL (English Language Learner) in your group visiting this week: :-)  :-)  THANK YOU! :-)  :-)  :-), A big shout-out to all who made it to Crop Mob on Saturday (some of you pictured here), you saved so many rows of vegetables, THANK YOU! And special thanks for the smoked gouda and apple quesadillas and fresh lemonade donated by Basil Tree Catering,it was a delicious way to wrap up the morning., null, Crop Mob weeds before....and after., null, null, Justice Brandeis Semester (JBS) made a class visit this week, working with our Youth Crew in the Learning Garden and learning about all the ways we try to provide Local Food For Everyone (our tagline!) with our food access programs. It's inspiring that universities are creating these courses and Alex and Marla really enjoyed meeting these future leaders of the food and justice movement :-), ChopChop Magazine is a great publication for kids, with engaging Spanish and English articles about food and how to cook it! Check out their #chopchopcookingclub as well., The stem is the highway and the fruit is the suitcase...as seen in the Learning Garden!, null, null, Our Outreach Market started today! Here's our Youth Crew distributing vegetables to low income families!, Our flower field ready for picking! Flower shares start this week, we still have some available! $100 for 2 PYO bouquets weekly for 10 weeks, for more info:
http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07eb69z42n776d7300&llr=47sznzbab, Some of our Youth Crew, hot and tired after a long and hot day of farming, but still smiling!, Thank you, mystery garden glove donor! Our volunteers will really appreciate these!, It's a happy day when you get to hold a chicken., We're on Instagram now!
https://instagram.com/p/45Hfyjvt9w/, The increasing visibility and organizing of farmworkers nation-wide is good news. These issues affect us just as much here in the Northeast as they do in CA. Did you know that migrant workers IN VERMONT are organizing for the right to get ONE day off a week?, null, Delicious farm fresh pizza from Posto, followed by a tour from Farmer Erinn!, Check out the container garden at tonight's pizza event...or any time!, Lots of great research showing multiple benefits of garden-based learning for youth~, Check out the latest blog post about our recent visitors to the Learning Garden ~, Here's Alex dropping off vegetables at Posto for Thursday's pizza night and farm tour. Hope to see you all there!, null, I Am Important...And Together We Are Powerful! plus Love waistband = a powerful message from the Cambridge Adventure Day Camp youth visiting the Learning Garden today!, null, No drop-in volunteers tomorrow, Saturday July 4th. Enjoy the weekend!, null, null, null, Four months ago v. yesterday, Today's Metro News clearly did not interview any farmers., Healthy Waltham and Waltham Fields Community Farm team up at the Waltham Farmers Market today, handing out samples and talking about our education programs. Stop by and say hello!, Welcome (back) to our Forest Foundation Interns! Check out the latest blog post:, Help a great organization win a grant for their garden that feeds homeless constituents in Waltham!, null, null, Did you know Preserve Products office is based in Waltham?  And that they donated all the recycled plastic bowls and cutting boards we use in the Learning Garden? And that their whole office came out to weed the kale and herb beds? 
Thank you for all your volunteer work plus making products that turn waste to usefulness., CSA Flower Shares still available for $100. Starting in mid-July and exclusively pick-your-own, flower shareholders can pick 2 bouquets (10-15 stems each) per week for ten weeks. Shareholders can expect a diverse offering of cut flower varieties, including zinnias, cosmos, everlastings, sunflowers, and asters.
More info and to register:
http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07eb69z42n776d7300&llr=47sznzbab, Four beds of garlic weeded, now the onions...thanks to our weed and field crew and the fabulous volunteers joining us this Crob Mob Saturday morning!, 600 heads of lettuce going to Greater Boston Food Bank this morning...., Enjoy strawberry season and a silent auction while helping a great organization Boston Area Gleaners, Inc. ...in the beautiful Mass Audubon Belmont's Habitat., The CSA starts this week    :-), null, Thank you to the Waltham Morgan Stanley Wealth Management volunteer group, they've been planting a variety of seedlings this afternoon!, Next Saturday we'll be mobbing the fields to pull weeds together and share refreshments afterwards! We'd love for you to join us., Rhubarb fundraiser at Red Bird restaurant extended through the end of this week!  Just a few days left for treating yourself to the best rhubarb dessert on the planet.  Head on over to Red Bird on Moody St. for a slice of heaven!, Our Weed Crew started yesterday-- three cheers for them for powering through a very cold and muddy Tuesday!, Join us at the Lyman Estate TODAY at 10:30am at the Lyman Estate for a FREE lecture & walking tour on managing invasive species., Check out Waltham Fields as one of the great places to visit in Waltham, on Fox 25 this morning! http://www.myfoxboston.com/clip/11546534/great-things-to-do-around-waltham, Join Farmer Zannah, Board Member Jay Rudolph and Debra Weisenstein as a part of the Waltham Fields Ride for Food Team. Register by May 31st and you'll be entered into a raffle with great prizes!, Is your teen still looking for something fun to do this summer? Consider signing them up for Farm Corps, a 6-week farming program for ages 13-18! (bonus: these hours may fulfill those high school community service requirements!) Sign up today: http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07ea89r06r50c7a508&llr=47sznzbab, Just six days left for our Red Bird Rhubarb Rally! Stop by Red Bird and order the Gateau Basque. You won't be disappointed and the proceeds go towards food access and education at Waltham Fields!, EAT ME at Red Bird on Moody St, Waltham, for the rest of this month ~ it's made with our organic rhubarb, is amazingly delicious, and is a fundraiser dessert in support of our charitable programs!, Thanks so much to Never Too Late Basketball for donating its Play Forever League's Lost But Found Fund to Waltham Fields. Yep - that's right, leave your sweatshirt or hat in the gym and want it back - that's $3 for the Lost But Found Fund, please!  Those small amounts add up and we received $393 at the League banquet last night!, Mary Beth is one of our 'crop steward' volunteers. 
Mary Beth enjoys fresh air, sunshine and the knowledge that her efforts keep a crop healthy and thriving. 
Be all that you can be - Become a Crop Steward today! Contact volunteer@communityfarms.org for more info., null, null, May 16th 10-12pm, bring your children (ages 2-14) to visit the Learning Garden! You can take care of our plants, learn about our educational offerings for the season, and make a tasty snack! Don't forget to swing by the seedling sale, from 9am-4pm to purchase plants for your home, too!, null, Constant Contact busy planting thousands of vegetable seeds in the greenhouse this morning!, We will have a table at the farmer's market this weekend only - stop by and say hi to Claire!, Looking forward to hosting Cambridge Adventure Day Camp again this summer!, Local bike shop participating in the The Ride for Food this year, null, We still have a handful of full CSA shares left, and here's someone who would like to split her share, too...., Haulin' compost to the Learning Garden, getting it ready for spring plantings, thanks to the awesome Clearway School volunteers!, http://www.threesquaresne.org/
This Could Be You...riding 10,25 or 50 miles on September 20th, to raise funds for Waltham Fields., Project Bread - The Walk for Hunger is still looking for volunteers to guide walkers this Sunday and cheer them on. You’ll receive a free Walk for Hunger Volunteer t-shirt! Needed in Newton, Watertown and Cambridge -great for families and groups who don't want to walk but do want to help. Times vary - Contact volunteer@projectbread.org for info., We've been hosting some great volunteer groups from National Grid, getting our onion sets (that's what those seedlings are called) into the ground. Black plastic with drip irrigation underneath is water-saving and pesticide-free., We're hiring for the summer. Come work with us., Today our chickens are chowing down on some delicious spent grain donated to the farm by Night Shift Brewing, We're getting a new floor in the distribution barn, and enjoying watching the pavers get put into place by Gilmore Landscape Architecture, Parents of infants and toddlers, we've got a great offer for you, the Waldorf School of Lexington donated a gift certificate for one Rosebuds or Roses class for this upcoming fall, winter or next spring. classes range from $150-$260, first person to offer us $100 takes it; email to marla@communityfarms.org check out their website: http://www.thewaldorfschool.org/parent-child ., Dang it, we just love this woman's work so much, and she has been generous in donating product to Sprout as well. Now for a limited amount of time, any online purchase from her store will result in a donation to Save the Children. Check out her Farm To Table line!, Project Bread has been a longstanding supporter of our food access programs, please consider walking or sponsoring someone who is!, Look who's here!, ~Happy Earth Day~, Saturday morning drop-in volunteering for all ages starts tomorrow, please be prompt (no later than 9am) at the back volunteer shelter; and enjoy helping green sprouting life to unfold on the farm! More info here: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/volunteer-service, Did you know we still have a few summer CSA shares left...? Shares start in June and are weekly through October. Here's where to learn more: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/csa, null, It's not too early to mark your calendar for the Ride For Food on Sept 20, this year there will be a Waltham Fields team, we will not be as crazy as this swinging group, though!, null, Seedlings for sale (in a 2014 photo) - come on by this year on Saturday May 9th and May 16th, 9am-4pm., Thanks to this morning's volunteer efforts of  Noble and Greenough School students, we will see rows of fava beans growing this summer!, Please send us your photos of Sprout 2015!, Last chance at discounted prices by purchasing online until midnight tonight, Thursday  (but you can still purchase at the door, walk-ins welcome!) Hope to see you there., We're busy harvesting delicious greens for Sprout tomorrow! Don't have a ticket yet? You can buy one here today: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout/, Lauren, Jessie and Mel at our 'volunteer party' prepping the gift certificate files for Sprout! Thanks to everyone who has helped us get ready - it's our most important fundraising event of the year for our food access and education programs. https://www.facebook.com/events/766925766720185/, Fabulous volunteer Michele diPalo said "oh I'll decorate the Sprout grab bags for you" so our brown lunch bags wouldn't look so drab - and then she did this., We're still looking for a few more volunteers at Sprout, next Friday evening April 10th! Free admission and our gratitude in abundance for an hour of your time, email marla@communityfarms.org to learn more., Tom Pendergast Guitar will be our music for the evening at Sprout, Season to Taste Catering our food, TRILLfoods our post-dessert treats, Gordon's Fine Wines & Liquors our generous suppliers of beer and wine, Reynders Mcveigh Capital Management and Fresh Pond Capital and Constant Contact and Hobbs Brook Management our wonderful premier supporters. And hopefully YOU our guests!, Season to Taste Catering we can not wait to taste this menu at Sprout next Friday!, We've got some great handcrafted items for the Sprout silent auction next Friday, including these adorable items for a little person in your life..., Naomi and Anna making Sprout centerpieces. Welcome back Anna (at right), who returned this week for a second year in our farmer training program!, Our online eSprout ends at 9pm tonight....still up for well under value: a parent infant/toddler class at the The Waldorf School in Lexington, two great seats to the last Celtics home game on 4/14, pad thai private cooking class party for 8, a garden makeover, numerous gift certificates...biddingowl.com/esprout, Our online auction has a few more days left, check it out....., Handmade aji dulce pepper silver pin is this year's beautiful one of a kind creation from Geraldine Perry of Fairbank and Perry Goldsmiths  for our Sprout silent auction ~, Just looked up from the computer and out the window, this fog just rolled in, very misty!, A local viewing in Weston next Monday of Food Chains., Happy National Farmworker Awareness Week - not so happy for many farmworkers harvesting much of the food in our grocery stores. Asking questions leads to awareness (and awareness leads to change...), Early bird tickets for Sprout available now!
http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout/, Urban farmer Nataka Crayton-Walker made this dish, it sounded so tasty I just had to repost her version of roasted root crops:   
A big thanks to Waltham Fields Community Farm, who provided Bobby and I fabulous root crops that we turned into a cool dish for the State House Urban Ag Planning session yesterday.
We prepared a roasted root crops marinated in cilantro, cumin, green pepper, ginger garlic pesto, and honey; accompanied by roasted potatoes with carrots, with whole grain mustard, honey vinegar, baby collards and kale salad. Wraps and cabbage salad were provided by the Haley House.
I heard folks liked the dish, which anyone who knows us, knows we love to feed people and most certainly love it when their happy!, We are hiring for seasonal opportunities! Please spread the word., Help out one of our food access partners Food For Free by shopping at any of the Whole Foods Cambridge locations today ~, Our mini online silent auction eSprout is now open! A few of the items up for auction: restaurant gift certificates, a pad thai dinner for 8, garden makeover, and Celtics tickets to the last regular season home game on 4/14! All proceeds to support our food access and education programs~, Our Executive Director Claire is participating in this day-long event at the State House on urban agriculture planning....and our vegetables are what's for lunch!, Yeah, yeah, a couple more inches of snow on the way (happy Spring, everyone) but take heart, in the greenhouse the sprouts are sprouting for Sprout...those are Bright Lights (chard) on the left and bright lights ahead! Like Spring! It's like a metaphor or something! (anyway, these will be greens in our delicious food at Sprout, we will post an amazing menu next week. Buy your tickets at a discount now)http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout/, Bronwyn Restaurant. Craigie On Main Artistry on the Green Post 390  are just a few of the dozens of amazing restaurants donating gift certificates to Sprout this year...as is a fabulous dinner for 2 with wine from 80 Thoreau:, Happy National Ag Day!, This little pile will become a whole lot of lettuce!
PS Thank you Gibbet Hill Grill for donating a gift certificate to our upcoming Sprout silent auction....just one of many great restaurants with a local farm focus to participate this year., Every single person on this panel alone is a reason to set aside next Sunday afternoon for a trip to Concord., One month later, we're getting close to diggin' it!
Be sure to check out our summer Learning Garden programs for ages 6-18: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#q1, Come to the Waltham Public Library today at 4pm to read stories and learn about springtime!, We feel so fortunate to have Reynders McVeigh Capital and Fresh Pond Capital as top sponsors of Sprout again this year.http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout/ They create social impact portfolios for clients and have done some deep thinking (and writing) on investments and women, the environment, and social equity and justice issues. https://freshpondcapital.wordpress.com/2014/10/06/millennials-model-values-aligned-lives-and-investments/, An assortment of ceramics to be bid on at Sprout -  EARLY BIRD tickets now available online http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout/, Zannah preps the trays, Naomi and Miriam seed the tiniest seeds (those in the onion/leek family), We welcomed our first drop-in Fridays volunteers for the season! Students from Olin and Babson working on a joint affordable greenhouse climate control project came by (and welcome back, Wendy!), Congrats in order to longtime member Leo Keightley for being crowned a Waltham Community Hero!  Leo oversees the 'solar' part of our Learning Garden solar kitchen set-up - in addition to lots of other volunteering throughout the years., null, Help us turn seeds into seedlings....Friday volunteer drop-in hours start this Friday, 9am sharp, meet at the office to walk over to the greenhouses together! Friday drop-in hours are adult-only, tx! (all-ages on Saturdays start next month), null, It is in the 20s outside, but we can hear the sparrows chirping in the sun on the fire escape...and we just opened up ticket sales to this year's Sprout fundraiser celebration of SPRING and all things living and sprouting!, The greenhouse comes alive. Planting seeds for food to be served at Sprout - tickets on sale tomorrow!, "SO, what do the farmers do in the winter?" THIS IS WHAT THEY DO (plus making crop plans, budget planning, ordering seeds, generating reports about last season, maintaining equipment...), History of Camellias in Boston
Saturday, March 7, 2:00 – 2:30 p.m.
Free to Historic New England members, $5 nonmembers
Our estate neighbor around the corner (where we cultivate some fields)  Lyman Estateis offering a workshop on the rich history of camellia cultivation in New England 1700-1900s at this illustrated lecture in the mansion. 
Registration is recommended. Please call 617-994-5912 for more information. To purchase tickets online, please visit: 
http://shop.historicnewengland.org/p-7910-history-of-camellias-in-boston.aspx, Our Sprout caterer this year is Season to Taste Catering, who is holding a pop-up restaurant next week at their intimate farm table on Mass Ave. The menu sounds fantastic, limited tickets available., Waltham Local First  is spearheading a week-long "jump start" to patronize Waltham businesses and restaurants...check out the deals that are being offered thru March 7th:, null, You know that here at Waltham Fields we have a special place in our collective hearts for good ol' Butternut...., A tip of the hat to Cityside Subaru's 20th anniversary (we passed that milestone last year!) and especially to their longstanding support of our programs via sponsorship of our annual Sprout celebration and fundraiser., Confused succulents at the farm kitchen window., Some beautiful panoramas from Dan., Despite the mounds of snow, we're hanging in there., The Learning Garden compost pile might be snow-bound, but we've already opened up registration up for some great programs in the spring and summer! http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education, Recognize the Learning Garden?, null, null, Great to hear that an organization that has worked so hard to end modern slavery here in the US  - supposedly justified so our tomatoes can be a few pennies cheaper in the supermarket - is receiving presidential recognition. Coalition of Immokalee Workers, We are very pleased that Johnson Compounding and Wellness  is sponsoring our Sprout celebration and silent auction again this year - and very happy to have them in our local community., Support your local Future Farmers of America - eat pizza at the Bedford Flatbread next Tuesday and the Lexington-based Minuteman Man High School FFA will benefit., The truck is freed., Ha!, New use for the new skid steer., Farm Corps: 4H at Waltham Fields! If you have a teen who wants to get some on-farm experience and complete a mentored project for the 4H County Fair, check out the program and register soon!, Super Hunger Brunch this weekend ~ Jan. 24th and 25th. Eat at one of the participating great restaurants and support the Greater Boston Food Bank!, null, So simple. Recess first., We are VERY excited to announce that Season to Taste Catering will be providing the food for our Sprout celebration and fundraiser this year (4/10 save the date!). We've just learned they offer Sunday brunch at their Mass Ave, North Cambridge storefront - sure to be delicious, check it out! www.cambridgetable.com, Farmers and food entrepreneurs interested in some pro bono legal help might want to check out this information session about the Legal Services Food Hub., null, Want to see a film about ag labor? Help it get a screening at Kendall - see details below. If enough people agree to buy tickets, it will play! (you won't be charged if there is not enough to make it happen) PS we haven't seen it, but its from a producer of Fast Food Nation and Food Inc., Throwback Thursday. Sign stashed in one of the buildings on site. UMass Waltham Center for Urban Sustainability, Sharing some Consumer Reports data and taking the opportunity to mention just how much we appreciate CitySide Subaru 's longstanding financial support of Waltham Fields., Serving up our carrots in some of the Waltham public school cafeterias today as part of their vegetable of the month program!, Feed the soil and the soil will return the favor., null, Yay soil!, Chilly cabbage harvest, Winter is coming? Winter is HERE!, Check out our latest Farm Newsletter (and kale recipe!), Happy to participate in Waltham Local First's one year celebration at Solea last night, and to see Waltham Fields supporters East Cambridge Savings Bank, Watertown Savings Bank - Massachusetts, Johnson Compounding and Wellness, LeBlanc Mechanical - HVAC, Back Pages Books and Gordon's Fine Wines & Liquors Please support these fine community-minded businesses!, The Female Farmer Project  is a proud part of the We-Women for Expo providing stories of the women who farm to the collective novel of how women feed the world.

 This peek at the National Geographic Future of Food photography exhibit in Rome is breathtaking. Here's hoping this exhibit goes on tour so we can all see it., Our new skid steer arrived!, Good idea to call Tres Gatos and make a reservation if you are coming out...we look forward to seeing many familiar faces. Tues 12/2, reserve at tresgatosjp.com or 617-477-4851., null, Many top-notch speakers at this upcoming event - can appropriate agricultural land and herd management tackle the issue of global warming? There's a growing body of data that suggests it could be a real solution..., ****TOMORROW**** (THURSDAY 11/13)***** Hope to see you there!, Boston Area Gleaners doing their thing - and they were able to use our wash station to clean up 3,000 pounds of carrots and potatoes for donation. More proof that volunteers rock!, Tomorrow, Rhonda Spigel retires after many years as Director of Food Services for the Waltham Public Schools.  Here she is (on the left) at her party this morning with incoming Director April Liles and a basket of farm-fresh veggies.  Thanks to Rhonda for her commitment to farm-to-school efforts!  This month's feature vegetable is kale and next month we'll be supplying carrots for the school meals., Next Thursday, bring a dish to share and join us in the greenhouse!, If you've ever been curious about Johnson Compounding and Wellness on Main Street in Waltham, Nov. 8th would be an excellent time to check them out - 20% off everything! Really nice people with your best health interests in mind, as well as the health of the community-they are a Waltham Fields event sponsor., null, Me: Look at this, it's so pretty! 
Friend's eleven-year-old daughter: Yeah, and it's a Fibonacci spiral!, null, null, New 'skin' layers for the greenhouse., Today we are re-skinning the greenhouse., It's a nice day for harvesting rutabagas., Let's hear your guesses for what this is! A formerly-edible vegetable, left in one of the Learning Garden beds..., Great graphic for Food Day!, null, null, Thank you Dassault Systemes for working with Assistant Grower Anna yesterday, digging up carrots for local food pantries! Glad we were able to get it done with your help before  today's rain., null, Come visit us at the Boston Children's Museum, we have fun games and will be selling veggies from 11am-4pm!, null, If you would like to encourage and support the vibrant farmers market scene across this state, right now is the time to make a donation to Mass Farmers Markets. They have received a challenge grant and have 24 hours left to make the match -- they are so close, please give! (And besides, they are our upstairs office neighbors and they're really nice.), Interesting comparison of typical school lunches (French elementary schools still provide multi-course meals!). We are working again with the Waltham public schools to provide produce to their Vegetable Of the Month cafeteria program - with Healthy Waltham., null, null, Great panel of speakers!, Great photos of a great day! Thank you Healthy Waltham, Thank You Boston Area Gleaners! , null, More happy faces from the 20th anniversary brunch!, So glad to see local farm representation, and some familiar faces as well (Hi Sutton!), Our founder Oakes and wife Pat at the 20th anniversary brunch., A perfect day of weather, friends, food and celebration, CSA Shareholders: don't forget that there is NO share pick-up this Saturday, due to our on-farm brunch celebration. This grainy photo is a CSA share pick-up in June of 2001., 2001's Farm Manager Jenny, with "farm hands" Rachel and Tom, who can tell me where they are today?, About to bring the vegetables to Red Bird in preparation for Saturday's 20th Anniversary Brunch! Forget to buy a ticket? No worries! You still can, right here: http://buff.ly/1puD9pe, It's true...Sasha Purpura from Food For Free will say a few words at our upcoming brunch about our decades long collaboration to increase access to fresh local food!, Early years., Claire and Marla ate at Red Bird on Friday and we had a FANTASTIC meal - what a great addition to Moody Street! Highly recommended ~ and we are super happy they will be preparing our anniversary brunch this Saturday. Early bird tickets ends tonight http://www.communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events, Ooops....early bird ticket sales to 9/20 anniversary brunch extended due to technical problems, now fixed! http://www.communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events, Last day for early-bird tickets to brunch:  grilled chicken, sausages, farro salad, deviled eggs, corn on the cob, homemade potato chips and other dishes highlighting our vegetables..., Last day to get early-bird pricing on tickets for this very special event, 20th anniversary brunch on the farm! Sasha Purpura of Food For Free will be joining us and say a few words about our long-term collaboration; and we are looking forward to cider mimosas and the delicious food from Red Bird   Tix at www.communityfarms.org, We still have open spots in our Friday classes including Little Sprouts (11:15-12:15pm, for ages 2-4, with caregiver) and Garden Explorers (3:30-5:00pm, for elementary-aged farmers). Registration is through the Waltham Recreation Department: http://www.city.waltham.ma.us/recreation-department/pages/program-information Hope to see you there!, We love volunteer help! Drop-in hours are now Saturdays only, starting promptly at 9am-noon, through 10/25. We have ended our Friday morning drop-in hours for the season, thanks to all who have come out! See our website for more info on volunteering., null, For brunch sponsors....we'd love for you to be one., Chomp on chard!, We are always happy when local businesses come to volunteer! On-Time Payroll sent a crew to last month's weeding Crop Mob and they saved rows of lettuce - hundreds of pounds was harvested and sent to Food For Free which distributed to local food pantries in need. , September is an especially nice time of celebration on the farm this year., Early Bird tickets - and super special farm friend Special Sponsorships - available now, online or send us a check. This is a limited ticket event and we expect it to sell out, please plan accordingly!, Bookend the week of Sept 14-20 by supporting local community farming: Sunday 9/14 is Lexington Community Farm's Art for the Farm and Saturday 9/20 is Waltham Fields 20th Anniversary Brunch!, Youth Crew, Matt and Alex got soaked at Outreach Market today, but lots of people braved the weather to pick up veggies!, I know it's not flashback Thursday but after today's sticky heat I thought this snowy shot of the shed from years ago might be fun., Learning Garden harvest!, I didn't know numeracy was a word...maybe I need to garden a bit more. , Trading Places for a day (day trading??): Farm Managers Dan and Erinn at Lexington Community Farm host Hector, new Farm Manager Miriam and Anna from Waltham; while LexCF's Julia, Emma and Caroline work the fields in Waltham with Farm Manager Zannah and Field Crew Leader Laurie., An interesting workshop being offered at Newton Community Farm this weekend with acclaimed Australian soil scientist Dt. Christine Jones, on the incredible capacity for proper soil management to aid in substantial carbon sequestration - more at http://www.nofamass.org/events, Learning Garden sign., Congratulations to Meryl, a former assistant grower as well as board director at Waltham Fields! , Our first eggs! Congratulations hens, on becoming adults!, null, Chef Yuki from Healthy Waltham, demonstrating proper knife skills at our Farm2Table family cooking workshop!, Gabby and Mark and Ruby and Goldilocks (two of our awesome Youth Crew...and two of our awesome chickens!), Just some of the activities happening right now: our crew harvests cukes and zukes, a Learning Garden Explorers group plays a game about salad (that involves a lot of running around), Groundwork Somerville Green Team learns about our nonprofit farm, and a group from the new UMass Center for Urban Sustainability checks out the Boston Area Climate Experiment as part of a site tour., http://waltham.wickedlocal.com/article/20140804/NEWS/140808977 , https://www.facebook.com/events/920934971286904/, Youth Crew harvest of cukes and zukes!, What an amazing event on the farm yesterday.  Thanks to everyone who came to our Cocktail Party on the Farm.  What a lovely send off for Amanda Cather, our Farm Manager for the last 10 years.  Here she is at the end of the night on the Kubota tractor, newly named AC in her honor., Spicebush swallowtail butterfly enjoying the Learning Garden flowers., A member asks, want to share a share....?, It bears repeating...advance tickets necessary for the on-farm cocktail party next Thursday, held jointly with Mass Farmers Markets. Bid our farm manager Amanda of ten years good bye, enjoy delicious food from Moody's Delicatessen & Provisions with your drinks. Children welcome (discounted tix and mocktails avail for kids; under age 10 is free.)

, Kim, Owen and Lily paid a visit from the West Coast. Guess which one used to be our Education Coordinator!, It turns out, not all our hens are hens. Meet our Barred Rock Rooster! What should we name him?, Lettuce, beets and chard were all freed from the weeds thanks to the three dozen people who came out on a beautiful Saturday morning to help! Combined with the efforts of the June Crop Mob, we got an enormous amount of work done - thank you to all our volunteers, and to Basil Tree Catering for the snacks., Our new Learning Garden gate is hacked from an Ikea bed frame! Alex says she would love one more - If anyone has a LADE Ikea bed to dispose, contact her at Alex [at] communityfarms.org, https://www.facebook.com/events/731438630251693/, Our Development Coordinator Marla has a wish fulfilled -- to receive a giant check! She is especially happy it's coming from the Foundation for MetroWest's Youth in Philanthropy program. Teens learn about local non-profits and engage directly in the grant-funding process from start to finish. Their generosity supports our on-farm education programs for youth., Join Boston Area Gleaners, Inc., our upstairs neighbor, in bicycling for a cause. Proceeds dedicated to local food rescue organizations. , Lend a hand between 9am and noon this Saturday to pull a few weeds for the cause. Operation Crop Mob (part deux), homemade lemonade and treats afterwards., Stormy weather!, Drop on by this Saturday morning, we'd love your help freeing a few more fields of vegetables from weeds! Your efforts will support our food distributions to low-income populations. Refreshments at noon., One step closer! 
However..."while this is an important step, it isn’t a done deal. Once the bill is approved, a new governor must direct money to the project and the treasurer must sell bonds to pay for it."
, null, null, Nice article about our "sister organization" Boston Area Gleaners - they are turning 10 years this year, we are turning 20, both founded by Oakes Plimpton. And we share Matt, too (center of photo) - he will be our Outreach Market coordinator this season. , The Cambridge Adventure Day Camp kids did so much today - made salad from fresh greens and carrots, picked mint to put in their water bottles, and took turns getting a chance to step inside the chicken coop and pet a chicken (or even hold one). They also watered, looked for worms to feed to the chickens, tried to catch dragonflies, and found many interesting things to talk about on their around-the-fields tour., null, null, Vegan grill?, A rusty old tub can produce a nice crop of vegetables and herbs! Thanks to Dede, our container gardener, for the inspiration and ongoing maintenance., Member Eric Wlodyka sent us this photo of his first harvest at his community garden. All his seedlings were purchased at our seedling sale, and he is donating everything he grows in this plot to food access programs. :-), null, What a beautiful morning....! come on out to the fields and enjoy the longest day of the year with us -, Celebrate the summer solstice at the farm with us tomorrow, connecting with the land and helping with organic vegetable production.  Crop Mob weeding party from 9-noon and then refreshments,  with our own farm salad and smoked cheddar and apple quesadillas and fresh squeezed  lemonade courtesy of Basil Tree catering., null, If you feel like eating fresh strawberry shortcake for a cause, why not join Boston Area Gleaners (our upstairs neighbors and farm gleaners extraordinaire) in this Strawberry Fete fundraiser Thursday June 19th at Belmont's Habitat facility. , "I learned there's this thing called chard and they call it rainbow because of the colors on its stem." I learned that there is some lettuce that is red." "Chickens give us eggs, but they also give us chicken." Brooke Charter School kids were full of questions and knowledge!, null, This Saturday, still some spots available in our Chicken workshop. Come meet our new hens and get all your backyard chicken questions answered from our gurus. Please pre-register:, We got chickens!, Our education coordinator Alex and some volunteers from Aveda are harvesting the most beautiful heads of lettuce for donation to Food For Free today....our first harvest of the season!, null, Thank you, Forest Foundation, for interns Alisa and Cassie! They have been experiencing the full spectrum of non-profit farm work, from database management to weeding. They are currently enjoying today's fine weather helping to spruce up the barn for summer., We're getting new chicks next week! And they're going to be the first inhabitants of our brand new wooden coop, built last month. Come visit both at our workshop next Saturday, for anyone interested in urban chicken-keeping. Click link for more info and to register., TO: the Belmont High school group who came out this morning on this dreary cold and wet day, and got a mountain of work done in one morning - we can't thank you enough.  You knocked it out of the ballpark., Farmers are Busy People this time of year...take the opportunity to walk and talk with Erinn and Dan Roberts this Saturday, on a free tour of the new Lexington Community Farm. 3-4pm, at 52 Lowell St, Lexington. , Introducing....our Weed Crew! Here for the season, cleaning up the chard on their first day. So glad to see you all!, null, null, More weekend volunteers, helping to make the hoop house ready for planting again - thank you all., Planting spinach - volunteers doing mitzvah over the weekend, thank you Temple Isaiah and Beth El Temple Center!, Seedling sale happening now! Head on over, we'd love to see you!, Naomi with just a few of the seedlings for sale this Saturday 5/17, 9am-4pm: herbs, vegetables, flowers, seed potatoes, onion sets, organic potting soil, compost. Here at the farm! 
AND... the Waltham Garden Club is holding a plant sale 9-noon at the Legion Hall (right at the corner of Waverly Oaks and Beaver St) on the same day - shop both and support local!, Farm Visit with the Amigos School dual-language immersion kids - they picked, shucked, and snacked on herby popcorn with chives and thyme. That's our Education Coordinator Alex loading up the popper., What a difference a few days of sunshine makes. 
Tulip bouquets will be available at this Saturday's seedling sale here at the farm., Watering the rhubarb...Little Sprouts' first classes started this week!, Help! We need any available volunteers to join the farmers this Thursday, 5/15 at our Gateways site, located at 
 500 Wellesley Street, Weston - look for the little flags to turn into driveway (its past the house). Arrive at 9am. You will be getting the rest of our onions into the ground, and they will be so grateful! The onions and the farmers both., null, Last fall, the The Fessenden School  boys came out to plant new beds of tulips in our Learning Garden. We're hoping they'll be ready for this Saturday's seedling sales -- and you can pick n' pay for a bouquet, in time for Mother's Day!
What do you think - will the buds open in time??, null, Thank you MathWorks folks, out in this rainy/sunny spring weather right now prepping the vegetable beds and putting up fencing in our Learning Garden!, Our ED, Claire, did the Hunger Walk this weekend, and posed with this sign she saw along the way! We are pleased to count  Project Bread - The Walk for Hunger as a long-time supporter of our food access programs., null, null, Love fresh veggies? Interested in learning how to grow your own? Sign up for our Container Gardening Workshops May 17th, where you can learn how to grow vegetables in your own backyard, porch, or inside your house! More information available here: 
http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07e93qm97b6c51ffed&llr=47sznzbab, This Saturday will kind of be like Habitat for Chickenity day here at the farm - sign up and help us build housing for our future chickens. Then go home with all the knowledge to do it again in your own back yard! Workshop registration required, space is filling up. , Many thanks to all the National Grid volunteers we've had these past two weeks - right now harvesting greens and radishes in the hoop house on this grey, drizzly May Day., null, Help Waltham Fields build a chicken coop, learn everything you ever wanted to know about keeping chickens in your own yard, and come away with all the skills to make it happen...this Saturday! Still a few spaces left, sign up online:, null, Farm Manager Amanda and her shadow (community service apprentice Austen) in what we're calling "Take Someone Else's Daughter To Work" day., We are participating this year in The Feinstein Foundation million dollar hunger challenge. For any donation you make through April 30th we will receive a partial match to go to our food access programs. http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/support/, Moe and Farah of Tedeschi Food Shops  in Waltham presenting us with a check for the first collection of money from donation boxes they have at their cash registers for our hunger relief programs - thank you!, Have you ever wanted to learn how to build a chicken coop? Now’s your chance! Join WFCF Members Kimi Ceridon & Oivind Brockmeier, engineers and chicken gurus, as they lead participants in this hands-on workshop Saturday May 3rd, 11:00-4:00pm
http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07e97wcs6p3e124522&llr=47sznzbab, Thank you Kappa Sigma Pi Kappa at Bentley for raising up some mighty fine garden beds in our Learning Garden this weekend!, Are you a backyard gardener? Interested in kicking off the season right? Consider registering for our Organic Pest Management workshop, hosted by The Lexington Community Farm Coalition and taught by Charlie Radoslovich of Rad Urban Farmers. Click the link below to register today! , Our own farmers Dan and Erinn Roberts with Janet Kern, ED of The Lexington Community Farm Coalition, at the new Lex Community Farm stand.  Stop on by Wednesday through Sunday at 52 Lowell St., Lexington., Constant Contact volunteers planting cabbages on this chilly spring day at our Lyman field today - thank you!, null, null, Saturday's volunteers transplanting beets., Our volunteers are doing a fantastic job helping us get ready for Sprout - thanks to Michele for her artistry in decorating our grab bags!, null, Also available at Sprout this Friday: bid on our CSA shares, Chestnut Farms CSA meat shares, ONCE heat n eat weekly prepared food, Boston Organics home delivered groceries...or take away a case of League of Urban Canners foraged fruit preserves., Chef, cookbook author and innovator in food sustainability Didi Emmons signs your copy of The Wild Flavors cookbook, then leads you and 3 friends on a tour through Eva Sommaripa's herb garden of over 200 edibles.. bid on this experience at Sprout this Friday., Some of the gift certificates available at Sprout this Friday are to: Ribelle, Kingston Station, 80 Thoreau, flora restaurant, Il Capriccio, Cinquecento, Post 390, Restaurant dante, Oleana Restaurant, Trade, Rendezvous, True Bistro...impressed yet?, Our own greens on the menu for Sprout this Friday, just delivered to the caterer Cuisine en Locale. Spinach, baby lettuce, rainbow chard, radish and basil sprouts., Thanks to everyone who bid on our eSprout online silent auction. It's now closed and if you won you've received an email. Remember, Sprout is this Friday and there is an amazing variety of items up for bid. Advance discount tickets here: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout
And thanks to all our generous sponsors:
, You can now register for many of our upcoming workshops including: Build A Chicken Coop, Container Gardening I & II, White House Garden Cookbook Demo and more! Sign up today!
, Food and drink. Bid on some at Sprout next Friday. Get your tickets online and save!, null, Photo from July, 1962 at the UMass Waltham Experiment Station...now Waltham Fields Community Farm.  Courtesy of today's Boston Globe article about the potential UMass Waltham Center for Urban sustainability, In the Globe West section of today's Boston Globe..., Now hiring for our Youth Crew summer jobs initiative, for teens aged 15-17., More great donations coming in for our silent auction at Sprout next Friday (this iris vase is by the talented Meryl Brenner). Live music, wine, beer, buffet supper, and wandering the museum all included in the ticket price - $45member, $50 nonmember if you purchase in advance. All walk-ins are $55 at the door., Advance purchase of tickets receive discounted price, buy on line or drop by the office with a check!, Our online auction eSprout is now open for bids, through 4/7. Proceeds support the food access and educational activities at Waltham Fields. Please take a look! You will be asked for contact information, but no credit card info is necessary. If you win we will contact you to determine how you'd like to pay., Another example of the amazing generosity of our members - we just received this beautiful sterling silver pin, hand made just for us by Geraldine Perry of Fairbank and Perry Goldsmiths for our Sprout silent auction., Throwback Thursday at the Waltham Fields offices in the UMass Field Station, maybe a hundred years ago? Any guesses? This would be our farm fields, I believe looking across at the Girl Scouts..., Wow, more great food with farm-fresh focus generously offering gift certs for Sprout silent auction: Jody Adam's new Trade in Boston, really-brand-new Artistry at Inn at Hastings Park in Lexington, 80 Thoreau0 Thoreau in Concord, and Armsby Abbey Abbey in Worcester., Is this unfair to post mid-afternoon at nibble time...these photos of TRILLfoods goodies that will be an auction item at Sprout?  Yeah...sorry., Just showing off some stuff you can bid on at Sprout on 4/11 (and look for e-Sprout, our online auction, coming up next week): a gorgeous vase by Nan Hamilton (Mudville Pottery owner), some vintage fruit crate art, and one of those Nest 'smart thermostats' they keep talking about on NPR., Don't forget to swing by the Waltham Public Library from 4-5pm for springtime plant-based arts & crafts activities with our Education Coordinator!, Exciting and a tiny bit daunting that Sprout is only 3 weeks away! Get your tickets in advance for savings. Very, very happy to say that  Fresh Pond Capital and Reynders Mcveigh Capital Management are our top sponsors helping to make it all happen. We appreciate their strong interest in investing with environmental and community values in mind. , Drop-in volunteer hours for adults have begun, Fridays at 9am! Today our wonderful volunteers are sewing and sowing., See those tiny rows of green? 
Arugula.
So now it's spring. 
--petite poem by marla, March is International Women's Month, so we're celebrating women in farming. Read about it in our recent blog post, and spend the four and a half minutes to watch the video - you won't be sorry., One small but crucial step closer to $20 million for a new building to replace our current offices... It could "restore a gem for Waltham" and is being characterized as a "sustainability mall"... , Thank you Saul Blumenthal for this donation to Sprout's upcoming silent auction, of a beautiful metal print of one of your more popular WF photographs!, One step closer...! , Cuisine en Locale, our caterer for Sprout, is throwing a series Saturday brunches with live music and cocktails in their new-ish digs in Somerville through March. Sounds seriously delicious, and she's deliciously serious about her food:"once you try your coffee with maple, you'll never go back", We are fortunate to live in a community with a thriving restaurant scene that makes the effort to source locally and support local farming. Thank you flora restaurant, 80 Thoreau, Highland Kitchen for doing just that, and donating some awesome gift certificates to our upcoming Sprout silent auction., Online advance ticket purchase now enabled! Ticket prices go up at the door, so purchasing in advance is such a smart thing to do., Awesome Intern Eva from Brandeis joins Naomi and Amanda in the greenhouse, and now you can too, starting promptly at 9am this Friday 3/14 with our adult-only Friday Drop-In Volunteer mornings.  Please read this to learn more: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/volunteer-service, Naomi plants spinach seeds to be served at Sprout on 4/11 - tickets now available online: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout, Registration is now open for all of our spring and summer children's programming!
http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/, null, We are very lucky that member Saul Blumenthal enjoys walking around the farm with his camera - his photos are beautiful. , Save the date....Friday, April 11th, for Sprout 2014, our evening spring celebration and silent auction fundraiser. If you've got something awesome to donate (gift certificates, high quality handmade items) submit our online form:
, Learning Garden snow shadows, And then there were 20... only a few more WFCF summer CSA shares left!  Get them before the snow melts!, The groundhogs say six more weeks of winter, but why not start dreaming of spring?  Waltham Fields Community Farm has a few summer CSA shares left to sell!  Visit our website to sign up, and think crisp lettuce, crunch spinach, spicy radishes.... hope to see you on the farm in June!, Produce bins., January., Former Learning Garden raspberries...., WOW....the Oxfam video featuring Amanda just got posted by Upworthy!
, We are very pleased to be featured in a video Oxfam did about farmers nourishing their communities:, Handy way to donate via paypal or credit card   :-), null, null, Wow, our ED Claire really outdid herself preparing this amazing meal for our annual holiday staff lunch today. Elegant food served in our humble mess hall kitchen - first course, chestnut celeriac soup with a truffle oil drizzle!, Waltham Fields member Will Tenney has an art photography show at Kitchen on Common in Belmont, also a long-time supporter of our work.  Check it out, he's offering 10% off any work you'd like to purchase if you show him a Kitchen on Common receipt., Win this basket of our own produce, tonight at Flatbread Somerville!, Tues 12/10: Tonight's pizza and/or salad choices will feature Waltham Fields' grown carrots, red onions, watermelon radishes and sweet potatoes!  
Raffle prizes drawn hourly include a basket full of our own produce, amazing cookbooks, and more
Eat in or take out
Family friendly ~ bring the kids 
Bar featuring local craft beer
Reserve a table for parties of 8+, or to ensure a bowling lane
Call 617-776-0552 for take-out or reservations... otherwise, just show up! We look forward to seeing you!, So, like the sign says....see you tonight at Flatbread Somerville for our fundraiser (and raffle and bowling and beer and our very own veggies on the menu and PIZZA!), Article in the Globe West about the new Lexington Community Farm and our involvement in it (Community Farms Outreach is the legal name of our organization)., An unusual sky, patchy blue, full rainbow, setting sun, glowing greenhouse, NEXT TUESDAY: Eat pizza, support Waltham Fields! Every pizza sold means more money Flatbread Pizza will donate to our nonprofit programming. Dine in or take out; parties of 8 or more, or parties requesting a bowling lane, should make advance reservations at 617-776-0552. , Today is Giving Tuesday, and we're using it as a gentle reminder that our annual appeal is underway and your support is what sustains us! And that allows us to help sustain others. You can mail in checks or donate online below:, Very nice piece that aired on NPR's Living on Earth about gleaning out here at Waltham Fields!, null, Our neighbors upstairs, Boston Area Gleaners, Inc., helped clean the fields to bring even more collards to local area food programs. , Erinn and Dan Roberts, just completing their 6th season with Waltham Fields, are looking forward to starting up Lexington Community Farm next year!, Our Annual Appeal is under way, and you can donate on line here:
http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/support
We really do rely on your support to make food donations like this (and our subsidized education programs and half-price CSA shares) happen. Please consider a generous donation!, Still some beautiful lettuce and tatsoi in the fields, but not for much longer -- tomorrow it will all be harvested for food pantries and feeding programs throughout the region., Waltham Residents! Did you know one of the oldest farms in the US is right here in Waltham: if you are interested in learning more about it's potential fate please come tonight, Tues, to the Community Preservation Committee Public Hearing
from 07:00 pm to 09:00 pm at Council Chambers, City Hall, 610 Main Street, Waltham

On the agenda is a public hearing regarding Arrigo Farm, the 4-acre parcel located on Warren Street that has been family-farmed since the 1630s and is therefore one of the oldest farms in America. The City Council has submitted an application to the CPC which recommends using Community Preservation Act funding to purchase the land, which could then be leased to a farming group. This would keep this prime soil in agricultural use instead of putting 19 homes on it. Please and show your support for Saving Arrigo Farm by speaking or standing up in favor of the application., The sunsets have just been spectacular the last few nights. Does the cold snap have something to do with that? This doesn't even begin to capture it (it's the view toward the volunteer shelter.), Three local Brownies turned owls for a farm nighttime walk...!, null, A great harvest potluck in the greenhouse last night - delicious, abundant food and good company! Member Leo Keightley was awarded our Volunteer of the Year, we voted in Laurie Rothstein and Marni Caputo as new Board members, and happily welcomed Rebecca Nesson back to the Board as well. We were so pleased to honor Amanda Cather for her 10 years of service as our farm manager. Amanda's son Jonah serenaded us with holiday songs on his violin as we filtered back out into the night..., Win this basket of beauty tonight at our Harvest Potluck and Annual Meeting., What are you bringing to the potluck tonight?, Change is in the air, and in the farm fields as well.....notes from the field. Getting this most recent blog post up a little late, it's description of the delicious foods the farmers brought to their own goodbye potluck will hopefully entice you to come to our annual meeting potluck tonight, Thurs 11/7, 5:30-7:30, to share good food and conversation in the greenhouse., Food on the Food author and Waltham Fields member Tammy Donroe Inman will be speaking and sharing desserts from her new cookbook Wintersweet at our Harvest Potluck Annual Meeting Thurs, 11/7, 5:30-7:30. See you in the greenhouse! Bring your appetite and a dish to share!, null, Thank you Lesley University Community Service group for all your help last weekend digging new kid-friendly garden beds and clearing out our greenhouse in anticipation of this Thursday's Harvest Potluck Annual Meeting. Special thanks to Natalie Cohen for the photos!, Ghosts and goblins in the fields....our row covers (and sandbags to hold them in place) are stretching the season a little longer by protecting the greens a few crucial degrees these chilly nights., Time for some WALTHAM butternut squash..., We will be having a staff lunch on Wednesday, 10/30 at noon at The Elephant Walk in Waltham while it's the last few days of our October Benefit Month. A portion of all sales for the whole restaurant, for the whole month, benefits our charitable mission. Please find our table and say hi if you choose to have lunch there also -- but ANY meal you have there through 10/31 will benefit Waltham Fields. Thanks to all who have already gone out of your way to dine local/Cambodian and delicious this month!, One more plug before the weekend rolls in for dining at The Elephant Walk in Waltham this month - we receive 3% of all their October sales as part of owner Bob Perry's Monthly Beneficiary program. 
PS: the caramelized catfish filet is a stand-out., We're proud to work with Food For Free getting fresh vegetables to those in need, and we'll be attending their fun event this evening - lots of great food, drink, music and dancing, and a silent auction in support of their Produce Rescue program.  , You can dine with us tonight in celebration of Food Day, then make it home to catch the second half of the Red Sox game tonight, no problem....just sayin'...., Dassault Systèmes volunteers cover our greens in advance of impending frost. THANK YOU!!, Last year's Food Day benefit dinner for Waltham Fields at The Elephant Walk in Waltham...please join us this Thursday! Reservations required, $45/pp, 781-899-2244. Another generous benefit - The Elephant Walk will donated 50% of the proceeds of any gift cards sold that evening!, Huge rainbow over the distribution shed right now...!, Check out our menu for this Thursday's Benefit Dinner at The Elephant Walk in Waltham. Spaces still available, advance reservations required. Please join us!, Did you know The Elephant Walk in Waltham is supporting us all month long by donating 3% of everything - from brunch to dinner and drinks and takeout - to Waltham Fields? It's very generous! If you can make it on Thurs the 24th, even more of the proceeds from that special dinner will go to us. Advance reservations required., Awesome...our special guests at the Food Day dinner will be some ESL summer program participants who have incorporated farm visits into their learning. Our educators have loved working with them, and we'll get to hear about their experiences while we dine!, Over a thousand pounds of bell peppers heading to the Greater Boston Food Bank this morning., Farm Day photos!, Zagat review: "Elevated and elevating Cambodian fare shares the menu with excellent traditional French items" .... come share with us next Thursday, 10/24 for our special benefit dinner. Advance reservations required!, Freezing fog!  Will the peppers pull through?, Moby, the giant white 'purple' cabbage., In just two weeks you can eat well for two great organizations - our Elephant Walk dinner on Thursday the 24th (reserve here: http://elephantwalk.myshopify.com/products/food-day-benefit-dinner-for-waltham-fields-community-farm-2013) and Food For Free's Party Under the Harvest Moon annual benefit on Friday the 25th. Both events are fundraisers to aid our neighbors in need. , Time to reserve your tickets for our Food Day benefit dinner at The Elephant Walk in Waltham.  $45/person includes tax, tip and a delicious Cambodian/French meal featuring our fresh produce. http://elephantwalk.myshopify.com/products/food-day-benefit-dinner-for-waltham-fields-community-farm-2013, null, It's beautiful out, come join us this afternoon at Farm Day here on the farm. We'll be here 2-5pm. You can park at Waltham Common and take the free open air trolley (and there's an environmental fair at the Common, too). , Farmer Andy pretty much sums it up., We've got a cocktail named after us! Stop on by The Elephant Walk in Waltham anytime this month and order the Waltham Fields Reviver. Infused 100% blue agave tequila with our aji dulce peppers, pamplemousse (grapefruit) liqueur, Cocchi Americano (we had to look this one up, it's an Italian aperitif like Lillet but with a bite), and fresh lemon juice. Garnished with one of our Learning Garden-grown Mexican gherkin cucumbers, the cutest, tastiest little things currently growing on a vine. THE BEST PART: Waltham Fields gets a cut of every sale!, Our new Education Coordinator Alex says, come on out to Farm Day!, Zing! Facepainting will be at our Waltham Farm Day this Saturday, 2-5pm!, Our friends upstairs, Mass Farmers Markets is holding a fundraiser that sounds very tasty... , Zoomer, a fainting goat* from Locust Knoll farm, will be visiting us at Farm Day this Saturday, 10/5 2-5pm. Come visit with Zoomer!
*yes, that's a real breed of goat!, The federal government may be shutting down, but The Elephant Walk in Waltham is starting up their benefit month for Waltham Fields. They have committed to giving us 3% of all lunch, brunch and dinner sales for the month. We think that's a much better way to approach October!, Our food access partner Food For Free's annual evening fundraiser is an event we always enjoy, and they're offering early bird discounts for the next few days..., Cosmos brightening our Learning Garden! They're good at that., null, Come join us after work today (Wed 9/25) at Watch City Brewing Company for some Pie-Eyed Pumpkin Ale brewed with Waltham Fields pumpkins! We'll be there 5-6:30., Oh my!, Join us TODAY at Artefact Home|Garden for special deals, store-wide discounts, a mini farmers market and tasty treats. Best of all, receive 20% off everything in this gorgeous store (located in the renovated yellow brick bldg. that used to be a car showroom, near CitySide Subaru. A portion of the days proceeds will to be donated to Waltham Fields. , Yum!  Between 12-4pm tomorrow at Artefact Home|Garden, WFCF Member Laurie Rothstein and her friend Jackie  will sample their Trill desserts - featuring New England Honeybees, Sesame Doubledoons, Assorted Chocolateenies, and Jackie's signature Chocolate Leaf Torte.  Did I say Yum!  Stop by for a tasty treat and some shopping to benefit the farm.  1000 Pleasant St., Belmont.  See you there..., Read about our field crew in this most recent blog post from Amanda..., Hey Waltham Fields folks - Along with Rep. Stanley, Sen. Mike Barrett, Rep. Denise Provost, our own ED Claire Kozower, and Dee Kricker from the Waltham Land Trust all gave testimony yesterday to advance a vision for creating a LEED-certified building/conference space to house the UMass Center for Urban Sustainability.  Senate Chair Marc Pacheco is going to take some convincing so stay tuned for requests for your support.  It's high time to say goodbye to these dilapidated State-owned structures and see investment in revitalization to promote the site's full potential and original purpose of assisting agriculture throughout the Commonweatlh! , Hey All! Come out to volunteer at Farm Day October 5th. Here's the link to sign up. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JbaytDm6hHJmenzLxdB6nDy6RSpSZYzPmpQUFGGDaWI/edit?usp=sharing, Our Executive Director Claire Kozower will be at this hearing also, supporting the proposed UMass Center for Urban Sustainability in Waltham., null, Join Waltham Fields farmer Dan Roberts and chef Joh Kokubo from Kitchen on Common to learn all about peppers, get your questions answered about growing, cooking and eating them, do some tasting and prepare a recipe to bring home. Plus spend a few beautiful afternoon hours on the farm. $40/45, fee assistance available, still spaces left, Please join us this Sunday!, ...and thank you, Constant Contact folks, for all your garlic-sorting and for being so great to work with!!, The time of the seedpod, the "beauty of the bone", is just ahead. As we approach that seasonal moment of balance, the fall equinox, we have Just Enough. Another beautiful piece by Amanda., Join us at this beautiful store for 20% off everything, with 10% of your purchase going to Waltham Fields. There will be special goodies throughout the day....10am-6pm, Still spaces left for this afternoon workshop, demo's, tastings, make a recipe to bring home. Advance registration required., Whole Foods/Fresh Pond is holding a special cooking class at the farm!, Check out farmer Dan's beautiful summer poetry...., Jalapeno, Cayenne, Serrano, Anaheim, Pasilla....learn all about the wonderful world of peppers, from growing to eating them, with our farmer and chef panel. Sun. 9/22 2pm, More info and sign up online required., This is the last week for our Youth Crew booth at the Waltham Farmers' Market.  Head on over to the Market at the intersection of Main and Moody to support this exciting new program that we piloted this August with much success!  We look forward to an expanded effort next year.  Thanks to Annie, Calvin, Danny, Kira, Lizzie, and Crew Leader Alex for their great work!, Photos courtesy of Rebekah Carter., null, Root for ROOTS! This week's Garden Explorers are making delicious snacks using fresh veggies grown in the Learning Garden. Register your child for our fall Garden Explorers afterschool. They will make tasty, nutritious snacks like warm veggie salad, kale chips and curried vegetables!, Our Youth Crew's first day at the Waltham Farmers' Market.  Come on down to meet them and pick up some of Waltham Fields' organically grown produce!  The Market goes until 2pm., Check out our Farm Friends newsletter - packed with information about new farmland opportunities and other exciting initiatives on the farm!, For all you 4th-6th graders out there, still a few openings left for our Farmer For A Week program Aug 19-23rd; come do what we do only way, way more fun than how we do it! AND cook and eat the food you just picked. (Not that we don't have fun. But we won't make you sweat it out for 50 hours, and we don't get to do crafts and play and visit the chickens. Much.), Sunday afternoon at the farm, null, Walrtham High students trying the lemon cukes!, null, null, Troublesome irrigation pipe pretty much sums up the week. 
This weather just isn't fun., Prepping vegetables requires careful cutting skills. And those onions can make you cry!, Hiya Cambridge Camping kids! It's so much fun to have you here! , Farmers To You pickup time starting an hour earlier, 4-7pm on Thursdays. , A few spots left for the Garden Explorers program first week of August, for 1st-3rd graders..., A few more hours left for eSprout, which ends at 1pm - still some items at way below value. We'd love for you to check it out.  Many thanks for those of you currently bidding!, Jen Hocko of AJourneyIntoHealth.com is donating individualized yoga or reiki, or you can win a private tour for 10 at Westport Rivers Vineyard & Winery ~ at our online auction eSprout, ending tomorrow (Wed) 7/17 at 1pm., ONE MORE DAY to help us out by bidding on our mini-online auction. Great items donated by great artisans and restaurants ~ Rigel Stuhmiller Printmaking and Illustration donated awesome chicken prints, we have ceramic tiles by Ruchika Madan, scuba lessons from East Coast Divers...., We're holding a quick eSprout online auction right now! Please visit and bid on some really great gift items as well as gift certs to Bronwyn Restaurant and Journeyman restaurant , scuba lessons, exclusive wine tasting tours, handmade jewelry, and more., Week-long summer session sign-ups happening now!, Cambridge Adventure Day Camp visiting on this misty, steamy morning. They're going to harvest, prep, and make wilted greens salad for lunch!, null, null, Last day of school - time to sign up for summer programs! Kim will be outside the Waltham Fitzgerald School today at 2:30, with freshly made mint tea for you to sip while she answers your questions (or, just skip the tea and sign up below), If you've signed up for the Wild Foraging Walk with Russ Cohen for today, it's still on..., null, null, null, Hiring teens for our NEW YOUTH CREW! Learn more and apply at https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1auOViSzs4J0WpsEv8PGtalXYe82py_XBhYJ0D5CxNrM/viewform, We're almost there!  Just a few more families need to sign up with Farmers to You in order to start deliveries at Waltham Fields!, Last day for our Rhubarb Fundraiser with Tempo Bistro.  Escape the heat and treat yourself to the salad with pickled rhubarb and candied bacon, an entree with rhubarb hash, or a rhubarb crisp pie!  Check out their great selection of refreshing cocktails too!
http://www.tempobistro.com/, Ever hungry while hiking in the woods? Sign up and learn about wild edibles with Russ Cohen!, null, Thanks Belmont High Seniors for coming out to volunteer earlier this week. You collectively completed so much work on the farm! 

Congratulations on graduating this weekend!, What's In Your Food? This Thurs, 5/30 7-9pm, join Jack Kittredge of NOFA/Mass.org at the First Parish Church (50 Church St, Waltham) for a free film screening and discussion of "Genetic Roulette: The Gamble of Our Lives"  Sponsored by First Parish Social Action Team, Waltham Farmers' Market, and your favorite community farm :-), Good article pointing to the value of heirloom varieties. If the genealogy of corn interests you, take a look at Walt Galinat's funky display in the basement hall here at the Extension Station. Some of you may remember Walt 10 years ago, puttering about his corn patch., Amanda's first Notes from the Field for the 2013 season. Enjoy!, Dessert at Tempo Bistro tonight is raspberry rhubarb crumble pie, made with our rhubarb and proceeds to benefit our programs..., Thank you Mimi, Janet and your son from Temple Beth Elohim for helping us on Mitzvah Day this Sunday., Thanks Whole Foods Fresh Pond Grocery Team for coming out this morning to volunteer! Plants in the Learning Garden and farm fields have more room to grow after your hard work weeding!, Join us at WalthamConnect this Thursday evening for an evening of short videos, conversation,and food: From Farm to Feast: community conversation about food – what we eat, where it comes from, and why it matters. Featuring TED talk videos to spark conversation, with guest panelists. Free. At the First Parish in Waltham – 50 Church Street. Free childcare., Harvesting rhubarb for Tempo Bistro...they removed the tasting menu (apparently there weren't a lot of people thinking rhubarb in every single course was a good idea)  and are offering many rhubarb a la carte offerings, still as a fundraiser for us, still through the month of May!, Despite the wind and rain forecast for tomorrow, our seedling sales are ON!  Come out to our cozy barn and browse our selection of beautiful, organically grown vegetable, flower and herb plants.  What could be a better Mother's Day gift?  Hope to see you there!, null, null, Tonight! Join us for the evening or for all three..., Our ED Claire just tried this rhubarb tasting menu over the weekend with visiting family and they all loved it...four courses with choices such as watercress arugula salad with candied smoked bacon, pickled rhubarb, warm goat cheese and rhubarb vinaigrette; baked brie with blueberry rhubarb compote; shrimp and rhubarb ceviche; grilled sirloin or monkfish with rhubarb, red onion and apple tart; a trio of rhubarb desserts including crisp, cake and sorbet.... , Brassica day of beauty, getting the rows all neat and tidy., Learn to identify and use herbs both wild and tame in this fascinating workshop series starting next Tues and continuing on a Tuesday evening in June and July. You will make products to take home to soothe, repair and remedy your ailments, as well as learning how to recognize and harvest these natural, effective medicines. Pre-registration required., null, Thanks to all who attended, sponsored and bid - Sprout was a huge success!, null, A beautiful day, a beautiful bowl of radishes. Sample them tomorrow at our Sprout fundraiser., First crop from our new hoop house....baby radishes for our Sprout supper tomorrow!, We just posted the program book for Sprout - take a look at our amazing array of silent auction items! So many wonderful local merchants and members supporting - we are so lucky and grateful and happy to see such participation to benefit our charitable programming. Please join us!, We want to highlight this special item available at our Sprout auction this Friday, for 3.5-5 year olds : 2 weeks of Preschool Summer Camp at Running Brook Day Camp (at Chapel Hill-Chauncy Hall School down the road from us in Waltham). Lovely outdoor campus, 2 new pools, healthy lunch and snacks included, wonderful dedicated staff. Winner chooses 2 consecutive summer weeks., Thanks to all who bid on eSprout and congratulations to the high bidders! Please join us for a lot more bidding, great food, music and fun at Sprout THIS FRIDAY - great auction items include CSA shares from Pioneer Valley Heritage Grain CSA,  Boston Organics,  Cuisine en Locale, Chestnut Farms meat CSA, Farmers To You deliveries ...., Last day, eSprout closes at 11pm tonight Sunday! Gift certs to Blue Inc. Boston, Posto, 80 Thoreau, Gibbet Hill Grill, 4 Wks of our CSA of your choice, vacation packages, Handel and Haydn Society concert tix, opening night Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater...., Our online auction eSprout is in progress, with items ranging from Choose-Your-Own 4 Weeks of our CSA to vacation packages to local gift certs. Check it out and bid generously - eSprout runs from today through Sunday, April 21st. http://esprout.communityfarms.org/, We're donating a membership and farm merchandise basket to Tempo Bistro's fundraiser for Marathon victims; happy to help this important fundraiser and also happy to return the favor, as Tempo generously donated restaurant gift certificates for our Sprout event on the 26th. , In advance of our Sprout event on the 26th, we have eSprout - an online auction with 25 items to benefit our charitable programming.  Check it out and bid generously - eSprout runs from today through Sunday, April 21st.  http://esprout.communityfarms.org/, WFCF Female Farm Staff!, Sprout tickets available now! Fri 4/26. Special discounts for bringing your friends. Price includes open wine and beer bar, fabulous food by JJ Gonson's fabulous Cuisine en Locale, jazz guitar by Tom Pendergast Guitar, strolling thru the Charles River Museum of Industry & Innovation, what better way to end the work week?, Five openings left at the Science Boot Camp For 5th Graders
April vacation week Tues-Thurs, 9am-2pm  
3 days of fun science-based food and farm exploration designed to engage learners and reinforce MA Curriculum Standards
- learn more:, Craigie On Main in Cambridge, Blue Inc. Boston, Bistro 5 in W. Medford, Duckworth's Bistrot in Gloucester, Il Capriccio in Waltham---we've got you covered for fine dining wherever you go, all have offered generous gift certificates to our Sprout Silent Auction on 4/26., Thanks Arlington School Community Outreach students! The Learning Garden is ready for our new Spring Science Boot Camp to begin next week., Sprouts Sprouting For Sprout - these greens will be part of our all-local fare at the Sprout benefit in a few weeks!, Our beautiful Sprout posters have arrived, thanks to Neva Corbo-Hudak for her great graphic design. We hope you start to see them Sprouting up around town!, SCIENCE BOOT CAMP FOR 5TH GRADERS - enrollment now open for this special on-farm 3-day "boot camp" during April vacation! Click to learn more - registrants will learn scientific concepts with hands-on activities, practice test-taking techniques, and of course make farm-fresh snacks to fuel their learning.
 Please spread the word - FREE spots available for low income families. , Start planning a sweet vacation getaway you could win at Sprout, staying at vacation homes of generous members and friends in Waitsfield, VT or Maine's Rangely Lake...or a B&B in South Slope, NYC!, Sprout Silent auction items are coming in - it's going to be another great year of offerings, such as $100 gift certs from Bondir Restaurant, Taranta, and Sel de la Terre, SCIENCE BOOT CAMP FOR 5TH GRADERS - enrollment now open  for this special on-farm 3-day "boot camp" during April vacation! Click to learn more - registrants will learn scientific concepts with hands-on activities, practice test-taking techniques, and of course make farm-fresh snacks to fuel their learning., We are very pleased that Hobbs Brook Management and Eastern Bank have chosen to be major sponsors of our Sprout Benefit this year, and that we will be able to again host it at the Museum in downtown Waltham - this year on FRIDAY 4/26. Tickets now available on our website!, Sprout Benefit tickets now on sale! With food from Cuisine en Locale it's going to be a great way to celebrate food and farms. Friday, 4/26 6:30-9:30., Thank you Suzanne and Wendy, kicking off our drop-in volunteer season by seeding vegetables in the greenhouse! Want to help? 9am-noon Tues-Fri for high school and adults; for more information please check our website first: http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/volunteer-service, We have a few weekday-pickup CSA shares for sale on our website -- tell your friends!  We hope to see you on the farm this summer!, Congratulations to Janet Y. for winning the raffle for a pair of Celtics Tickets.  Go Janet - hope your good luck brings a victory over the Knicks!  Thanks to all those who participated in the raffle.  We really appreciate your support., Did you catch the Celts winning in overtime? Last chance to buy raffle tickets for their 3/26 game against the Knicks...we will draw the winner on 3/1! http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07e707trmc34b79c99&llr=47sznzbab, Our solar powered outdoor kitchen in the Learning Garden is getting charged up while the sun is out today. Thanks Leo!, Celts v Knicks on 3/26 as a fundraiser for Waltham Fields! OK, maybe they're not playing just for us, but you could be sitting in some pretty sweet seats by buying a raffle ticket to support the farm's education and food access programs. http://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/event?oeidk=a07e707trmc34b79c99&llr=47sznzbab, null, null, null, null, Happy 80th to Waltham Fields founder Oakes Plimpton!!, Hey local folks.  If you're not busy Monday evening - this film looks like a good one..., Save the date, Sprout will be Friday, April 26th this year! If you want to help out, please contact Fan at sprout at communityfarms.org. It's a great group of volunteers that help plan and execute this annual celebration, we'd love you to join us!, If you have an account at Watertown Savings Bank, please consider voting for us in their Customer Choice Awards. "This year, the bank will award $75K amongst the winning organizations chosen by our customers!! This means valuable and much-needed funds for your favorite non-profit. Deadline to vote is Saturday, January 19th! Ballots may be picked up from any one of our nine branch locations, or you may vote online by visiting the link below.", null, Our former Education/Volunteer Coordinator Jericho (and JP) paid us a visit last week for lunch. They've spent the past year homesteading in Maine in a yurt. It was so good to see them!, Come on out to Medford Winter Market to buy holiday baskets! Your purchase supports WFCF's education programs AND local agriculture. Stop by today from 3-7pm., Holiday Baskets for SALE! Support WFCF's Education Program and local agriculture! Perfect gift for your family member or friend! Email Kim (kim@communityfarms.org) for details., null, Basket full of farm produce is up for raffle at Flatbread Pizza!, Come on over to Davis Square and eat pizza for the common good! At least, for the good of our food access and education programs. We'll be holding hourly raffles throughout the day. Flatbread will be using our lettuce, butternut squash, carrots and radishes today! , Next Tuesday....., Farm playlist., Yesterday. Not today. Cuz that's what weather in New England is all about., That was fast., We're putting up a high tunnel hoop house., Did you know that today is #GivingTuesday? It's a growing movement to counteract the black friday/cyber monday shopping frenzy with a day to support the start of the giving and sharing season., Flash frozen., Our Thanksgiving donation to Food For Free this year included 250 lbs. of collard greens to be cooked up into meals for families in need.  Please help us continue to provide fresh produce for low-income community members by contributing to our Annual Appeal.  http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/support, Our Volunteer of the Year is Leah Albert - so happy to have all your help this year, Leah!, null, Tonight!, https://www.facebook.com/pages/Waltham-Fields-Community-Farm/123763680971957?ref=hl#!/events/467114669999238/
Our Harvest Potluck and Annual Meeting is this Thursday @ 5:30 Meet in the brick building, share delicious food, meet current board members and help elect new ones. Open to all; bring a dish to share., null, null, Belated thanks to Samiotes Consultants, Inc. for coming out last week and getting the garlic in the ground, for Sandy to water :-), Take a turn on a bike-powered apple cider press. Join fellow farmers and WF Board Directors Meryl LaTronica and Chris Yoder for this fun event. Bring a container, make a donation and come on out this Saturday, 1-4. , About to head out to The Elephant Walk in Waltham for a staff lunch. Come join us, we'd love to see you!
And if you eat or drink there tonight as well, your dollars will still count toward our benefit month., Trivia Night is still happening TONIGHT and should be a lot of fun! Come join us to participate or watch. First-timers more than welcome. Come alone or bring friends. Proceeds benefit our non-profit activities., Trivia Night is still happening TONIGHT and should be a lot of fun! Come join us to participate or watch. First-timers more than welcome. Come alone or bring friends. Proceeds benefit our non-profit activities., Intermittent power at the farm this morning, computers are down (this is Marla, reporting from home after a phoned-in update) and assessing the lay of the land. But all structures are still standing. Unlike the first year Amanda and I worked here, when we ended up chasing a hoophouse across the field one stormy day...., This morning's harvest was brought to you by Helly Hansen., All hands on deck, getting ready for Frankenstorm!  Sadie, Jonah, Dan and Mark harvested spinach this morning and we took the skin off the hoophouse so it wouldn't blow away.  Hopefully everything else is buttoned up tight., Jonah's mom Amanda got this out of the ground intact! It's a crazy big daikon radish. How much do you think it weighs?, Please consider a meal at The Elephant Walk in Waltham - through the end of the month of October a portion of the sales will benefit Waltham Fields. We are down in our fundraising income this year so it really helps - and you get delicious food, too., Thursday November 8th, please join us for a very fun and farmy Harvest Potluck at our Annual Meeting (which will not be long and boring we promise). 5:30pm Still looking for a few volunteers contact kim@communityfarms.org if you would like to help out., null, null, null, What a great time we had at The Elephant Walk last night! Assistant growers Zannah and Sutton said a few words then we shared platters of delicious food (and for some/many, our special Ferme Fatalii cocktail which may be going on the The Elephant Walk menu!) Profuse thanks to owner Bob Perry for donating 50% of the evening to us and making it all happen in his lovely restaurant., null, null, Our Elephant Walk benefit dinner tonight is filling fast, but there are still a few tickets left. Seating will be family-style so if you're eating solo tonight why not join us? You need an advance ticket so purchase NOW (via link below), Voila La Ferme Fatalii cocktail! Made specially with an infusion of our farm-grown fatalii chili pepper and asian basil.  Come try one this Wednesday at our benefit dinner at The Elephant Walk. Advanced reservations required, book today!
http://waltham.elephantwalk.com/2012/10/19/ferme-fatalii/, A cocktail to be unveiled at our Food Day dinner on Wednesday! Advance reservations necessary. , Please join us for this delicious prix fixe dinner that supports our programming - shrimp, lamb and vegetarian dishes on offer, cooked with our vegetables, lovely desserts, passed appetizers, tax and tip included. Advance tickets recommended, click below.
, The farmers are being videotaped right now for something Project Bread - The Walk for Hunger is putting together about where their money goes and what it does (some of it goes to us and it funds our Food Access work!), Cabbage, Carrots, Cauliflower
Parsley, Peppers, Potatoes
all grown by us and being cooked for us on Wed, 10/24
at The Elephant Walk in Waltham 
to celebrate Food Day. 
We invite you to join us!, Join us at The Elephant Walk in Waltham on Food Day next Wednesday, as seen in the Boston Globe...., Please join us for this delicious prix fixe dinner that supports our programming - shrimp, lamb and vegetarian dishes on offer, cooked with our vegetables, lovely desserts, passed appetizers, tax and tip included. Advance tickets recommended, click below., Two spots left for our seed saving workshop this Saturday afternoon - , This week's Note's from the Field by Amanda Cather., To all of the volunteers from Dassault Systemes, thank you for your hard work! We have 9 bins of clean leeks and 9 bins of storage beets. Great Work!, In the fields this morning, This week's Notes from the Field by farm manager Amanda Cather., Photographs taken by Rebekah Carter (2012)., This article about kale features Waltham Fields and the different ways we share it - CSA, Outreach Market, Farm-to-School and a delicious salad even kids enjoyed at Farm Day, the recipe is in the article!, null, null, Waltham's Elephant Walk owner Bob Perry was invited to share his Benefit Restaurant concept (we are the beneficiary this month) at a White House forum recently. Here's his blog post about it - inspiring!, Still some spaces left..., All those farm tasks that still have to get done - big thanks to  Vertex employees who came out last week to pull up all the tomato stakes., Autumn greets the farm in this week's Notes from the Field., null, And now a word from our sponsor, for the month of October!, Pumpkins curing in the barn at our Gateways field...we are going to miss all the hard work and bright spirit of our field crew Anna, Kat, David and Alison..., null, null, null, null, null, null, Domenic, Dylan, Nicolina-Rose, and Carmine  lounging with the pumpkins!, Boudicca won the pumpkin!, null, null, Apple crushing cider making biking happening right now at Farm Day, come on by, we're here til 5pm. ANd what a day!, This afternoon....bring the kids, dig carrots, press apples, climb a tractor, wander....park here or at Waltham Common and take the free trolleycar!, null, Our Farmers for a Week Campers want you to come to Farm Day!, Here are this week's Notes from the Field by farm manager Amanda Cather., Tractors! We'll let your kids climb on one this Saturday! Waltham Farm Day, 2-5pm., Royer's One Man Band will be entertaining us at Waltham Farm Day this Saturday afternoon., null, Try this warm meal with summer favorites: zucchini "noodles" with sauteed veggies (garlic, onion, red bell pepper, tomato, summer squash, green beans, Swiss chard), fresh basil, and grated parmesan., Not this weekend but the next....make plans to drop by Sept 22!, Some farmers-for-a-week pulled up the basil plants/bushes in the Learning Garden, a sure sign that summer is losing its edge --, For your reading pleasure!, Annabelle from our wonderful weeding crew posted a nice summary of all they did and learned this summer on her blog ~, 3 spots left in the Little Sprouts program for pre-K and their caregivers: Six Tuesday afternoons starting Sept. 18. Click link below for more information., All's quiet here after the rain, Thanks to the Devonshire Investments group that came out last week and blitzed their way through some mighty weeds to free our broccoli!, Happy Labor Day to, as originally proposed over 100 years ago, those "who from rude nature have delved and carved all the grandeur we behold.", Many thanks to Boston Area Gleaners, Inc. for a special donation this week to our Outreach Market program of 15 boxes (~375lbs) of kid-sized peaches, gleaned from Dicks Market Garden in Lunenberg. A real treat for the Outreach Market visitors., Tomatoes. Zannah. More tomatoes., Probably the biggest tomato harvest we've had., About 160 trays, all with incredible tomatoes. That's a lot of harvesting., If you wander through the Learning Garden, you'll see this growing experiment; any ideas what's going on here?, Got greens?  What's your go-to greens dish this summer?, This week's Notes from the Field, brought to you by field manager Dan Roberts., Support the Learning Garden today, vote in the Fallon Community Health Plan Healthy Communities Challenge!, null, Help Waltham Fields Community Farm win $5000 - we are a semi-finalist and the only farm in this healthy living challenge from Fallon Health Plan. The most votes win, so PLEASE pitch in it's really just a click - you can vote once daily til 8/27 - Click on the link below., null, Does it feel like we're bugging you to vote? We are! You can vote once daily for the next 12 days, it's just a click to hlep us or whichever program you choose ;-) to win $5,000 in the Fallon healhty living challenge., Help Waltham Fields Community Farm win $5000 - we are a semi-finalist and the only Waltham org (and only farm) in this healthy living challenge from Fallon Health Plan. The most votes win, so PLEASE pitch in it's really just a click - you can vote once daily til 8/27, Notes from the Field by farm manager Amanda Cather., null, Aug 15 2012, null, Come out in the fields and gaze upward with us tonight...., Stop by the store Aug 15th 2012 - 10% of sales to Waltham Fields that day. And at 3-6pm you can buy produce and flowers from our mini-farmstand, too. Artefact is at 1000 Pleasant St, Belmont., COME JOIN US AT THIS BEAUTIFUL STORE Wed. 8/15 All purchases discounted 10-15% all day, with proceeds to Waltham Fields. Plus we'll have a mini farmstand 3-6pm. Come by, enjoy free ButterGirl cookies, spend $50 or write a donation check for $75 and get entered into a drawing for a beautiful 60Nobscot cutting board w/silver accessories from Artefact., A stylish scarecrow in the Learning Garden., A lovely poem by Marge Piercy featured in this week's Notes from the Field., Hello Waltham Fields friends, would you click today? We need as many people as possible to click once daily for the next 2 weeks. We made the final cut, now its down to this popularity vote! We are the only farm in the running, show your farmy support., , Just came across this blogpost from Cambridge Adventure Day Camp's adventures at our Learning Garden. They come out every year and its because of them we even decided to start the Learning Garden!, COME JOIN US AT THIS BEAUTIFUL STORE Wed. 8/15 All purchases discounted 10-15% all day, with proceeds to Waltham Fields. Plus we'll have a mini farmstand 3-6pm. Come by, enjoy free ButterGirl cookies, spend $50 or write a donation check for $75 and get entered into a drawing for a beautiful 60Nobscot cutting board w/silver accessories from Artefact. , null, A rural glimpse in Waltham, and our pretty flower fields., Facebook friends, PLEASE vote for us, it's REALLY easy - just a click, you don't need to give any other information. We are a finalist to win $5K in this health challenge to support our outdoor healthy eating/healthy growing programs...we're honored to be a finalist, now help us win., null, null, null, I AM MAKIN SALAID WE PIKT...
in the Learning Garden!, Save the date - Wed, Aug 15th, 10-6, Artefact will host a 10% benefit day for Waltham Fields! Get 10-15% off everything in the store, from striking furniture and lighting to gorgeous home/garden accessories. Free ButterGirl cookies while they last, plus chance to win a Ray Bachand wood serving board. AND you can buy our veggies 3-6 we'll have a mini-farmstand there!, null, Can you guess the crop?, I love this sign in the Learning Garden, and just learned that Jonah, Farm Manager Amanda's son, made it!, a natural in our onesies! , Still time to bid...., null, Sunshine + Rain = Rainbow over the PYO fields, Bid on a Dustin Pedroia signed bat, L'Espalier gift certificate, garden-themed art prints, a 7-night stay in Banff, an AMC membership, and more at our online eSprout summer auction., Notes from the Field by farm manager Amanda Cather., null, null, A post from farm manager Amanda Cather., A great start to the Outreach Market yesterday, indeed.  Thanks for the comment, Martha.  And for volunteering again this year, overseeing SNAP acceptance and providing an extra set of hands each week.  Here's Dan, Katie, and Sutton leaving the farm parking lot all loaded up for the first Market of the seaon (with Amanda on the tractor headed out into the fields)!, Chef Joh Kokubo from Kitchen On Common is back for this popular event. The menu: creamed kale and egg gratin, herbed fritters, napa cabbage salad, it's a great morning for it!, Please join us..., These terrific folks from the Climate Summer program came to the farm yesterday and helped us with several neat projects - setting up a special compost area for compostible servingware used at events, planting a kiddie pool with seedlings as part of a UMass Extension container garden experiment, and spreading burlap bags down in our hoop house to help supress weeds in preparation for fall planting.  Please join them tommorrow night for what is sure to be a good discussion!, null, null, An idea for breakfast (... brunch, lunch, or a picnic dinner), Notes from the Field by farm manager Amanda Cather, If you're new to fermenting foods, sauerkraut is a great project to start with., May we present to you the Waltham Fields summer workforce (minus Marla)!, null, null, Organically-grown blushed butterhead lettuce from the garden, on its way to Tempo Bistro., Know your farmer... even the wee ones! These Little Sprouts braved the heat and harvested and washed over ten pounds of radishes from the Learning Garden., Notes from the Field by farm manager Amanda Cather., Welcome to the world baby Elsie June - daughter of Field Manager Andy Scherer.  Just 6 days old and she's already set down in the farm fields.  Congratulations Andy and Emily!, This Wednesday!, In the potatoes this morning, null, Wow - what a lovely spring day at the Medford home of our hosts, Kimi Ceridon and Oivind Brockmeier.  Guests learned about the chicken coop, beekeeping, creative container plantings, composting and more!  And we all delighted in a feast of homemade and locally sourced treats, including sauasages donated from Chesnut Farms, sole donated from Cape Ann Fresh Catch and perfectly smoked by Kimi and Oivind, grain and bean dishes, honey granola, kimchi, an array of pickles, roasted tomatoes from last year's harvest, garlic scape person, jams and jellies and a variety of refreshing beverages!  Stay tuned for our fall event at Kimi and Oivind's home on Saturday, Oct. 13th.  Register through our website:  www.communityfarms.org    , 4 beds of sweet potatoes in, 8 more to go!  Thanks to 5 Board Members and one drop-in volunteer showing up to help with the Saturday morning planting despite torrential rain.  Wow - were you all troopers!

The planters (from far left around to front right):
Nathan Weston, Bd. Secretary
Erinn Roberts, Greenhouse/Field Manager
Shelby - community service volunteer
Janet Yeracaris - Bd. Vice President
Rebecca Nesson, Bd. President
Dan Roberts, Field Manager
Margaret Post, Bd. Member
Jay Luker, Bd. Treasurer, The broadfork in action!, Rebekah, our Learning Garden Workshare, using a garden fork to prep beds...., Its weed BBQ this Memorial Day weekend! The propane flame is not so evident in this photo, but assistant grower Zannah is making sure those little weedlings are feeling the heat., null, Eastern Bank just called us to say we will be receiving a $10K Partnership Grant! We are so thrilled - what great Friday afternoon news. Also happy to report that Eastern Bank recently received the annual Green Star award from the Environmental League of MA for its impressive energy-efficiency efforts., Andy and Amanda at our Gateways field, marking beds for planting. Tis the season..., null, null, On this rainy day, a whiff of pesto-infused summertime in the greenhouse..., https://vimeo.com/40963010
Great short video that Earth Brands Footwear did when they sent a group of employees to volunteer here a few weeks ago...., GUESS THE VEGGIES WINNER: thanks to all for your guesses...the 3 photos were basil, zucchini(squash), and eggplant! And the winner, chosen from the correct answers, is Janice Brown McPhillips - the cashier will be holding your gift cert for you when you come to the seedling sale!, Can you name these seedlings? Win $10 worth of our organically grown seedlings by sending your guesses to wfcfquiz@gmail.com by 5pm tomorrow, Fri 5/11th. We will draw a winner from all correct guesses, to be claimed at our seedling sales 5/12, 5/19 or 5/20. , Our Moody St. 5K runners (from left to right):  Farmers Dan Roberts, Erinn Roberts, Amanda Cather, ED Claire Kozower, and Learning Garden Educator Rebecca Byard, What a wonderful day we had this past Sunday.  5 staff members from WFCF ran in the Moody St. 5K in Waltham and 5 volunteers oversaw a WFCF table and veggie activity at the Get Growing/May Fair festival in Harvard Sq.  Farm Manager Amanda Cather took the overall bronze for women, running under 7 minutes per mile (wow!) while ED Claire Kozower brought up the rear with over 10 minutes per mile, but finishing with a smile., It's the end of citrus season in FL but the beginning of tender greens season in MA. This healthy salad brings together the best of both words!, Need to find ways to use up last year's jams and preserves? How about a cupboard tart ---> http://walthamfieldscommunityfarm.blogspot.com/2012/05/cupboard-tart.html, null, Come see what we're cooking up this week over @ our blog!, Rhubaaahb! A springtime favorite. What do you like to make with rhubarb? by Rebekah, Frosty Sunday morning in the Swiss chard field by Rebekah, Very happy to acquire this used box truck; our first refrigerated truck will help make driving vegetables to the Outreach Market and elsewhere much easier., null, Grape Hyacinths in the Learning Garden... and sprinklers in the fields! by Rebekah, Yes, we do welcome walk-ins to Sprout tomorrow. Please join us. 
http://www.communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout, This just in, for Sprout auction tomorrow: a beautiful handmade cutting board of maple and walnut by North Bennett Street School grad Greg Ghazil., Volunteers Jessica, Dale and Mike are here right now laying out the raffle items for Saturday. Yeah, that would be for Sprout. Lara and Kerri are in the other room making signs and organizing the files -- thank you all!, null, Wow, just got a look at the Sprout menu and we are so excited. We are proud that you'll get to sample our own produce, plus other ingredients as locally sourced as possible. From falafel with celeriac slaw to pulled pork or seitan tacos to beet feta tartlets, the theme is Global Street Food, and the chefs are students from Newbury College learning about local food systems!, Just one-hour to go for eSprout!   If you're still awake, check out what deals are left to be had...
http://esprout.communityfarms.org, http://blogs.wickedlocal.com/brandnewwatch/2012/04/03/new-barn-new-land-seed-saving-and-more-at-waltham-fields-community-farm/#axzz1rfQTta3d, null, Celtics tix on 4/18 and Alvin Ailey opening night on 4/26 are still bidding well under value, so is the tattoo session with Erik Rieth (you don't have to get a growling tiger like in the photo, you can choose any design!) and Picco gift cert in the South End, plus others...remember all proceeds to support our charitable programming., Check out our mini-online auction, starting now and running one week only.....fancy vacations, handmade kid's quilt, tickets to Alvin Ailey and others...., Does your lunch need a makeover? Consider this:, Farmer Dan made this cigar box ukulele for the Sprout silent auction!, null, Can you guess where this is? I fyou haven't visited us in a few months, you'll be surprised., Sprout silent auction items are pouring in: gift certs to Sophia's Greek pantry, Upstairs on the Square, Craigie on Main, Gaslight in the South End, Flora, TW Food, 80 Thoreau in Concord, Island Creek Oyster Bar, and a ONCE Locavore dining event by the inimitable JJ Gonson......., null, Many thanks to CitySide Subaru, Kalso Earth Shoes, Watertown Savings Bank, Eastern Bank, Hobbs Brook Management, Reynders McVeigh Capital Management/Fresh Pond Capital, and Peace Frog Organic Solutions for becoming this year's Sprout sponsors., null, Alex Green of Back Pages Books donating books to our educational programs; Kim Hunter, our new Education and Volunteer Coordinator, happily accepting!, null, null, null, We'll be presenting The Risky Life of a Seed story and activity next Tues 3:30 - come join us! , Drop-in volunteer hours have begun.  Come help Farmer Erinn in the greenhouse!  http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/volunteer-service, http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1674889308/a-defiant-dude, Congratulations to the UMass Amherst Permaculture for winning the White House Challenge from thousands of entries! Waltham Fields is located on UMass property - and a couple of us are alumnae, too., null, Quiet in the farm office today....Field Manager Andy is online looking for a used box truck (got a source?) while also ogling a vintage blue offset tractor for sale..., We still have some CSA farm shares left for the upcoming season, as well as a limited number of half-price shares for low-income households., Does your workplace consider event sponsorships? We are looking for sponsors for Sprout 2012, our silent auction event coming up April 14th. Good exposure, especially since we'll have an online silent auction component this year...please drop a line with any suggestions to marla at communityfarms.org, Someone just came into the office to say hi....as part of this. Nice!, Give your Valentines some heart-healthy food love!, Helping to get the word out about this critically-acclaimed environmental film,
‘A Sense of Wonder’
Fri, 2/17/12 @ 7:30 pm
The free film will be preceded by a potluck supper at 6:30p.m. Come see the inspiring story of Rachel Carson on the big screen, and enjoy good food and fellowship!
First Parish Church of Watertown
35 Church Street, Watertown - http://www.asenseofwonderfilm.com/ 

 

, null, Save the Date for Sprout - and please consider a donation for our auction!  Sports tickets, vacation getaways or overnight stays, original artwork, special experiences for our food and farm loving crowd - all items are welcome!
http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout, Wow - we just got 3 beautiful vegetable print reproductions donated by artist Rigel Stuhmiller!  Here in the farm office, we're big fans of Rigel's art and were so thrilled when she agreed to donate to our upcoming auction and spring celebration - Sprout.  And not only did Rigel generously donate to us, but she blogged about us too.  Check it out!  
http://rigelstuhmillerportraits.com/blog/?p=125
, null, Nominate Waltham Fields to receive $1,000!  Thanks to farm friend Katy Coburn for bringing this opportunity to our attention!, null, Mark your calendar - Sprout 2012 will be Saturday, April 14th. Do you work for a business that might be interested in becoming a sponsor for this great event? We're interested in any leads - let Claire or Marla know: marla at communityfarms.org, null, Staff lunches today, so vibrant and colorful I made everyone push their plate to the center for a quick shot..., Crisp clear day, but those winds are biting, especially across the fields...hope you are planning some hearty, savory dishes with winter veggies., Congratulations to Kelly from Framingham for winning our quiz!  See you at Flatbread in Davis Sq. - this Tueday evening!  The correct answers are: B,C,D,C,A, POP QUIZ: We will draw winner at 4pm Mon randomly selected from those w/all correct answers to win a large pizza this Tues 12/13 at Flatbread in Davis Sq (it's our fundraiser night - win or not we hope to see you there!)

 1.  Which of the following greens in our fields right now is least likely to over-winter?
       A) Kale
       B) Swiss Chard
       C) Spinach
       D) Collard Greens

  2.  Which of the following animals took to eating our watermelons this season?
        A) Rabbits
        B) Deer
        C) Coyotes
        D) Raccoons

   3. Before UMass Extension stopped using its Waltham property and began leasing to us, which of the following activities were conducted on-site?
       A) Soil Testing
       B) Chicken Diagnostics
       C) Corn Research
       D) All of the above

   4. How many pounds of carrots did Waltham Fields Community Farm distribute through its hunger relief/food access efforts in 2011?
        A) 20 lbs.
        B) 200 lbs.
        C) 2,000 lbs.
        D) 20,000 lbs.

   5. Which bird, known as solitary blue, has found the farm to be fantastic feeding grounds this fall?
        A) Blue Heron
        B) Indigo Bunting
        C) Blue Jay
        D) Cassowary, Vegetable box we'll be raffling off tonight at the Johnny D's benefit concert....in Claire's car on it's way over..., OK last time we're going to tell you....tonight! Music starts 7:30pm! Johnny D's in Davis Square, $15 at the door, proceeds to Waltham Fields educational and food access and donation programs! Listen to Tim Gearan , Will Dailey and the Rivals, Jay Psaros, come join us, eat, drink, listen, and still be home at a reasonable work-night hour!, Bo donates an 'Eat More Kale' T-shirt to our silent auction every year....do YOU confuse it with the Chick-fil-A "eat more chikn" advertisement? Chick-fil-A thinks you will, and they're not happy. , Thanks for the shout-out Jim; we definitely have lovely range of Tshirts, perpetual calendars, onesies and more for your gift-giving needs...., This Tuesday, 7:30 pm, to benefit our education and food access programs, great music lineup at Johnny D's. For advance tix and saved table seating (or a great dinner deal):  http://www.johnnyds.com/dinner-reservation-info/premium-seating-dinner-package/   , What're you doing with local veggies this Thanksgiving? Some of us are making rutabaga turnip puff, sauteed greens with creamed turnip topping, sweet potato mash with orange zest.....and some of us still need your ideas! Let's hear 'em., null, null, Member Suzanne Cooper is offering a holiday massage special that will benefit the hunger programs at Waltham Fields. It's time-limited so check it out soon!, null, Collards, carrots and turnips going from Waltham Fields to Food For Free today, for their deliveries to multiple meal programs, pantries and shelters...these veggies will be going to Thanksgiving meals for all., Don't forget, if you're interested in a great Tuesday night out,  Will Dailey and others will be playing for us at Johnny D's Tues 11/29. Starts at 7:30 cuz we know it's a weeknight! Best to make advance reservations to get a table: http://www.communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events, Step into the farm office and you will often be hearing Tim Gearan in the musical mix, which is why we're extra thrilled that he'll be playing at our benefit concert 11/29 at Johnny D's. In the meantime, Listen to Tim Gearan and get a free download here:, Winter CSA share-holders....don't forget, this Saturday is your first pick-up, 1-4, in the greenhouse. There will also be The Crushah - a bike-powered cider press, so bring some containers to fill make a donation and get ready to pedal., The end of another season in the learning garden has arrived...
http://walthamfieldscommunityfarm.blogspot.com/2011/10/notes-from-learning-garden-thoughts-and.html, Dan, Erinn, Marla, Claire, Sadie just peeking from below, Amanda, Lauren, Andy and Larisa!, It's the last week of our status as beneficiary of The Elephant Walk's Benefit Restaurant program - so treat yourself to some great Cambodian and French cuisine for lunch, dinner or weekend brunch. Or just grab some drinks and ogle the fantastic hanging lights and little candles on every table featuring your favorite community farm., Need ideas for what to do with your autumn harvest? Check out our newest blog post!

http://walthamfieldscommunityfarm.blogspot.com/2011/10/notes-from-field-autumn-harvest.html, Some of us are heading over to The Elephant Walk in Waltham for lunch today...come join us. A portion of sales all this month will be donated to our charitable activities via their Benefit Restaurant program - check out the link for more information. , Next Monday Oct 24, is Food Day. All sorts of happenings happening. Let us know if you're doing anything special., http://walthamfieldscommunityfarm.blogspot.com/, Heather loading up the truck for our last Outreach Market of the season. This weekly market is in a Waltham neighborhood where people who have received our vouchers from a variety of community service agencies can redeem them for bags that they fill with our fresh vegetables, farmers-market style., Autumn harvest sides and snacks to try out!, A new post about our After-School Programs!
http://walthamfieldscommunityfarm.blogspot.com/, Sweet farm ride..., http://www.wickedlocal.com/waltham/photos/x1461795336/Waltham-Farm-Day-at-Waltham-Fields, Happy October! We are so thrilled that all this month at the Waltham location of The Elephant Walk  will be a fundraiser for our food access/hunger relief and education programs. Terrific, authentic Cambodian and French cuisine, and with vegan and gluten-free menus - lunch, dinner, prix fixe and Sunday brunch, too. 3% of total sales for the month will be donated to us!, New Notes from the Field!

http://walthamfieldscommunityfarm.blogspot.com/2011/09/notes-from-field-balance.html, Need some new ideas for what to do with tasty fall greens?  Sign up for "Killer Party Dishes Fresh From the Farm" with JJ Gonson! October 6th, 6-9pm, Start prepping for the holidays with JJ from Cuisine en Locale and learn how to turn out Killer Party Dishes....Fresh From the Farm! PS JJ is pretty killer herself, she is devoted to honoring locally sourced food and making delicious dishes from it. Voted Best Personal Chef by Boston Magazine in 2008...This will not be a dull evening! Thursday Oct 6, 6-9, at the farm. Pre-registration at http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events, Forecast for tomorrow is that it's clearing in the afternoon...just in time for Waltham Farm Day...hope to see you there., Joanna posting the final signage for the new self-guided Farm Tour booklet. Said Joanna: "Yay, I get to use power tools!" Say us: "Thank you so much for all your work this summer!", We are sad to say good bye to Joanna, our Stanford Fellow this summer - she made a wonderful self-guided  Farm Tour booklet for us. Check it out this Saturday at our Farm Day!, Rain or shine, Waltham Farm Day this Saturday afternoon - come pay a visit., Pop Quiz: win a signed copy of Getting A Grip by Frances Moore Lappe! Which one statement is false (3 are true):
1) Gourmet magazine named her one of 25 people who changed the way Americans eat; 
2) She has appeared on the Today Show and Fox News, but not on Oprah; 
3) The James Beard Foundation named her Humanitarian of the Year; 
4) The Chez Panisse Foundation named her one of 20 Most Righteous Influencers. 
Post your best guess below (no fair looking it up, take a stab!), Frances Moore Lappe is a member of our CSA. Here's a great article in The Nation by her, we get a mention as well! , Heads up - if you've never been, our annual Farm Day (next Sat afternoon 9/24) is a really fun local farming celebration. Cider pressing, scarecrow making, carrot digging, tractor climbing, game playing, chicken petting, food eating, and Royer's one-man-band. Plus the Northeast Fiber Arts Center will be selling beautiful yarns and donating part of the proceeds. With free shuttle service from Waltham Common in their open-air trolley (or just drive right here!), New blogpost on cover crops!, null, We'll post some more photos later....just want to send a huge warm thank you to all our soup makers, bread and cupcake bakers, bowl crafters, volunteers who showed up early and stayed late, and members and farm friends for showing your support for our food access programming in such a wonderful way. What a great community we have!, Erinn, Sadie and Amanda at our Empty Bowls fundraiser., Beautiful bowls waiting for beautiful soups...., An incredible evening for our Empty Bowls fundraiser!, null, Dee-lish!, Pickles! Thursday 9/8 6:30-8:30., THIS THURSDAY @ 6:30: Learn to preserve a multitude of veggies using lactic acid fermentation! This is the technique used to make sauerkraut and kimchi, but will also make delicious dill pickles and more. In this workshop, participants will make lacto-fermented bok choy and pickles - sign up online. Soon., Face it, autumn is coming, and so is cider making, pumpkin sales, dig-your-own carrot patch and more at our Farm Day on 9/24, 2-5. Plus great music from the one and only Royer's One Man Band., Farmer Erinn gets to wear a Happy Birthday tiara today!, Lacto-ferment us!, null, Learn to preserve a multitude of veggies using lactic acid fermentation! This is the technique used to make sauerkraut and kimchi, but will also make delicious dill pickles and more. In this workshop, participants will make lacto-fermented bok choy and pickles to take home and enjoy!
, Dropi-in volunteer hours now 9-noon on Saturdays only through end of October. Come at 9am to head out with us to do whatever needs doing. We really appreciate it., Toasted 6-grain bread with a wispy smear of butter, spread with greek yogurt, thick slices of your favorite local tomato, a drizzle of EVOO, fresh chopped basil and a pinch of coarse salt over all -- Heaven On Toast. Do you have a favorite way to eat vegetables for breakfast? Let's hear it!, We have sold out of tickets to our upcoming Empty Bowls Dinner - we are pleased at the generous response, sad for those of you we have to turn away., Try it out tonight!, null, A go-to, last-minute meal in my house., Tickets still available for our Empty Bowls Dinner on Sept. 10th. But your bowl won't be empty; The Elephant Walk and Tempo are two of the six restaurants that will help to fill it with soup they are graciously donating! Limited seating - follow link to purchase tickets now. , null, So pleased that Coppa Enoteca, Kitchen on Common, and Basil Tree Gourmet & Natural Catering are all participating in our upcoming Empty Bowls Dinner fundraiser on Sept. 10th. Good soup, good company, and a beautiful reminder to bring home with you - a hand-thrown bowl from our farmer Andy., null, WFCF Member and shareholder Michele Di Palo just offered to make some of her signature mini cupcakes for our Empty Bowls Dinner on the farm.  Mmm mmm - get your tickets now!  http://www.communityfarms.org/emptybowlsdinner, On Sept 10th, join us for a simple soup supper with pottery made by our talented Field Manager, Andy Scherer - every guest may choose a bowl to take home with them. We are thrilled to have several wonderful restaurants participating, including Coppa, Elephant Walk, and Tempo.
Buy a ticket to ensure a spot, seating is limited!, null, Thursday morning in the sunflowers., null, Delicious! Try it out., Cuke season = pickle season, null, null, null, This Saturday brings a three-greens strata with asiago, vegetable red flannel hash, tomato gazpacho w/cucumbers, fennel, radish and basil, grilled summer squash and spring onion salad, all for $5, all for a good cause, here at the farm! Buffet Breakfast with chef Kokubo 10-1., Buffet Breakfast on the Farm this Saturday- Bring a blanket and your appetite! Last year's menu featured frittata with arugula pesto, scallion pepperoncini relish, dilled cabbage potato hash, herbed rice salad with pickled vegetables, Red cabbage slaw with candied walnuts -What will this year bring? $5/person $10/family, 7/16 10a-1p, null, null, null, Little Sprouts program for children under 4 and their caregivers starts tomorrow - crafts, songs, farm walks, $10/family drop by 9-10:30 or 11-12:30 or email jericho at communityfarms.org for more info. In our beautiful Learning Garden!, Breakfast and Bike Tuning On The Farm! Sat, 7/16 10am-1pm, save the date! Joh Kokubo from Kitchen on Common will be our chef - $5/indiv, $10/family; bike tune-ups by WF Bd Director Nathan Weston while you eat - $20.  Proceeds to support our food access and educational programs., null, Like weed-whacking, but with fire. And tiny, tiny weeds that won't ever get to grow up., null, Tomorrow night Wednesday 6/29, summer stargazing with astronomer Andrew West 8-10pm. Free, all are welcome. We will have telescopes (bring yours if you got one) Bring a potluck dish if you want to eat something first!, null, While you can saute them right with the greens, why not pickle them, too? A beautiful side dish to serve at 4th of July festivities!, Get ready for summer and support Waltham Fields with a bicycle tuneup at this Saturday's Waltham Farmer's Market! 6/25, 10am-1pm, get a cleaning and adjustment for $20, all proceeds benefit our food access and education programs., Picking that 900 pounds of lettuce.....(to Greater Boston Food Bank), Nine hundred pounds of lettuce to Greater Boston Food Bank., null, What a fabulous crew of volunteers!  Thank you for all of your hard work today!, Sign up for Farmer For a Week, for kids entering 4th-6th grade, Aug 8-12. Please help us to spread the word! , Never mind that the heat just kicked on in our Extension Station offices...our first CSA pickup starts this afternoon. The summer bounty begins!, Check out what our spring Little Sprouts have been up to!, Now's the time to sign up for August kids programs here at the farm - for kids entering 4th-6th grade this fall, check out Farmer For A Week, Aug 8-12!, Strawberries!, null, Don't forget:  CSA Orientations are June 4 10-11 AM, June 7 3:30-4:30 PM, and June 9 3:30-4:30 PM.  Shareholders new and old are welcome for a tour of the farm, some Q & A with the farmers, and maybe a taste of strawberries!, The farmers are discussing their need for it not to be June already. And you? Are you glad June is here - or appalled that it already is?, http://www.communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/calendar-of-events WED 6/29 Pre-registration required for Wild Foraging Walk w/Russ Cohen, 6-8, bring a picnic supper and stay to stargaze with Astronomer Andrew West at dusk!, Nice article about how lovely it is to take a stroll around the Field Station grounds (and the work we do here), Photos taken by Rebekah Carter on May 30, 2011., Happy strawberry plants on Memorial Day evening, It's really summer now!  Planted tomatoes this week.  Photos coming soon!, What some Waltham Fields growers do on their day off. Go, farmers, go! They made great times, too!, For kids entering 4th-6th grade this fall, check out our Farmer For A Week program this August! , null, Pop Quiz:

I help decompose organic matter and so can be found in the compost pile or under rotting logs. Many people think I am a bug, but I am a crustacean like a lobster or a crab! 

Name two of my many names in an email to wfcfquiz@gmail.com within the next 24 hours for the chance to win a Waltham Fields Community Farm tote bag which can be picked up at our Insect Exploration event this Saturday, 1-3pm!!, What weeds will you be eating?, Did you know that a bee can fly 60 miles in one day while collecting food?  Come explore the wonderful world of insects at Waltham Fields Community Farm this Saturday 1pm-3pm!, A hardy group of volunteers from Constant Contact are currently in the fields, valiantly pulling giant weeds for us and getting slowly soaked in the dreary drizzle. Many thanks to them and all our other volunteer groups that come out - several temples, Adobe, National Grid, Gann Academy just in the past few weeks., Seedling sales were a big success!  Thanks to everyone for coming out and supporting the farm!, Last seedling sale is this Saturday, 5/14 9-1 here at the farm. COME ON OVER!! There's some mighty fine dill, basil, parsley, beautiful cosmos, zinnias, marigolds, nasturtiums, sunflowers, peppers sweet or hot, many more hot weather veggies,  There will also be an informal perennial plant sale/swap, bring yours!, Did you know that ants actually aerate the soil as much, or more than, earthworms in some ecosystems? Explore the amazing world of bugs at Insect Exploration! Saturday, May 21st 1pm-3pm at WFCF!, Pop Quiz:  
I'm delicious, prolific, easy to pick and the kids love them in the garden and fields in summertime (so do adults) ...recognize me? 

First person to correctly respond with TWO DIFFERENT names gets a $10 gift cert to our seedling sale this Saturday, May 14th 9-noon, at the farm., With seedlings growing like crazy and spring programs beginning we are really getting into full swing now!, Per request!, First day of work for our new assistant growers!  Welcome to the farm, Larisa and Lauren!, Got radishes?, No Saturday seedling sale this week (4/30)...but next two Saturdays, May 7th and 14th, come on by the farm 9am-1pm for heat-loving vegetable and flower seedlings for you to grow. Tomatoes, peppers, herbs, zinnias, snapdragons, lots more........., Super-delicious idea for holidays... and everyday!, Last week, we hauled compost and made delicious chive hummus with our very first Farm Visit group of the season!  Just a few more weeks before the start of our other spring programs including our new 6-week Little Sprouts Family Program!
http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#clg, With help from drop-in volunteers and a group from Bentley Women's Center we got about 5000 beets and almost 3000 brassicas transplanted this past Saturday!!! Let the planting begin!, null, Seedling sales start TOMORROW! Drop by between 9AM-1PM to see what we have to offer for your home garden!, Just a few spaces left in our Little Sprouts Family Program! Sign up today! http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#clg, Followup to yesterday's post... perfect for today's weather!, null, Facebook updates -- again, Well, Sprout was pretty great, and we couldn't have done it without dozens of fantastic volunteers - thanks so very much to all of you who helped. And to the Newbury College culinary students and staff who put so much time and effort into careful sourcing and preparation of the food...it paid off! The food was delicious and plentiful. You should be proud., Ready to see your farmers all dressed up and clean?  See you at Sprout!, These lovely planters available for bidding at Sprout this Saturday. Thank you Heidi at Bacon Street Farm!, What does blacksmithing, pasture-raised chicken and a chocolate gorilla head have in common? They are all items at the Sprout Silent Auction this Saturday!, Another delicious dish to try out:, Boston's NPR website has featured our blog today!, How about a July 4th Red Sox game - grandstand home plate tickets just in for the Sprout silent auction! , SPROUT! Please join us for our signature fundraising event, purchase tickets online and take advantage of our bring-a-friend discount
http://communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout Just a few of our silent auction goodies: meat and poultry CSA shares from Chestnut Hill Farm and John Crow Farm, New England overnight get-aways, Red Sox tickets and lots of fine dining..., Little Sprouts Multi-Session Family Program Wednesdays, beginning 5/11, 10:30am. Sign Up Now! Age 0-4 come on out and bring your favorite adult to explore the sights and sounds of springtime on the farm. Watching and listening for birds and insects, digging in the soil, planting seeds, smelling and tasting fresh herbs...http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#clg, Come see us tomorrow at the first ever Winter Market at the Waltham Community Center at 510 Moody Street, 10 AM to 2 PM!  We'll have our last few CSA shares for sale, and there will be lots of great vendors there with local products!  Start your spring off warmly, even with a chill in the air!, null, null, If you have access to scrap white paper with one blank side, we would surely welcome it in our office. Cuz we haven't quiiite made it to a paper-free office yet....thanks to the elementary school (whoever you are) that donated the last box we went through., Keep a lookout in your snail mail for our beautiful asparagus-decorated invitation to the 2011 Sprout silent auction benefit (4/9) - we are so excited to have The Newbury College culinary students "Ethics of Eating" class preparing the food this year., The chickens and duck are enjoying this slightly warmer weather, foraging around out near the edges of the fields today...any members with backyard poultry?, SPROUT! Our annual silent auction benefit is this April 9th and we are extremely excited about it. Auction items are rolling in, http://www.communityfarms.org/index.php/involved/sprout check out the links if you want to see a sampling - - - and get your tickets online., Our 2011 Program Calendar is now online! www.communityfarms.org, A new post on the WFCF Blog..., Volunteer Update, come help plant seeds in the greenhouse Tues-Fri in March...not Saturdays yet. Plus, we still have CSA shares available, including low-cost shares for qualifying households (WIC-eligible) http://communityfarms.org/index.php/csa/how-to-join/, Time to start the seeds....YES! Come help Erinn in the greenhouse! We gladly welcome volunteers Tuesdays-Saturdays for this rewarding task. Please arrive promptly at 9am, and stay til noon if you can! Right now we are requesting high-school age and older, please (in June we will be able to start accepting younger folk on Saturdays, but now is not a good time for them...), We can't believe it's March already, and that means May is right around the corner and Learning Garden Programs will begin! Seeds will be planted, insects will emerge, and we will be able to harvest fresh produce for tasty snacks! Hooray!, Guess what...we still have CSA shares for sale for this summer! Spread the word!http://communityfarms.org/index.php/csa/how-to-join/, Register for Spring Children's Learning Garden Programs Today! http://communityfarms.org/index.php/programs/education/#clg, Our Field Manager Andy visits Vermont Compost Company!
http://www.facebook.com/home.php#!/photo.php?fbid=185656024799226&set=a.185655994799229.42598.133566706674825&theater, http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/sign/obama_goes_rogue_on_gmos/, Any special vegetables you're fixin' for SuperBowl.....??, A belated shout-out to Erinn and Dan here at the farm who, during the last blizzard, made an unscheduled weekend visit to ensure the greenhouses didn't collapse under the weight of the snow....and here's hoping they don't have to do it all over again in a few days., Sprout 2011 is coming.....save the date..April 9th...., Please don't forget us when you are writing your end of year donations...our Annual Appeal is still in full swing! Help fund our fresh food donations, innovative low-income market and full range of educational programs...and thanks for all your support, both monetary and not. , Thanks for the great turnout at Flatbread Pizza! We raised over $600. We are in the midst of our Annual Appeal, so this is a welcome addition! Our gorgeous autumn harvest raffle basket caught many people's eyes - esp. the romanesco broccoli., http://www.greenwardshop.com/shop/stationery/calendars-and-planners/new/9038-waltham-fields-community-farm-perpetual-calendar/, Board Director Alicia Harvie making the banner to hang in Flatbread Pizza in Davis Square for our pizza fundraiser next Tuesda,y 12/14. There's a bar and bowling alleys, too - kids welcome.  45 Day St at the former Sacco's Bowl Haven., A belated shout-out and big thank you to Bonnie for the delicious jars of cranberry pear jam that we found on our office desks the morning after her sold-out workshop!, Any delicious Thanksgiving dishes to share? Braised leeks, broccoli and leek gratin, sweet potato with coconut milk, and pureed pumpkin served in popovers are some dishes mentioned in the office...., It's still harvest season....the farmers just dug and washed a couple hundred pounds of carrots. Destination: the Salvation Army kitchen and food pantry. And Food For Free recipients will have fresh collards from us this week, over 500 pounds., Just under $12,000! That's how much we made from the Whole Foods 5% day! That is a significant donation for us - yay!, Tuesday, Nov. 30th 6:30-8pm:  Here at the farm, join Bonnie Shershow of Bonnie's Jams and learn how to turn the fresh fruits of fall into delicious jam to be enjoyed all year 'round. For more info, and to register, go to www.communityfarms.org, null, null, I hear we had an amazing response from the 5% day at the two Whole Foods stores - Fresh Pond and Newtonville - that sponsored us for that event. Will post when we get the official amount., OK folks, c'mon over....The official Waltham Fields page is here., Waltham Fields is transitioning from "Group" status to this page! But for now, please visit us at our group page...., null)