List(Dear all,

    Due to the seasonal change and to provide better quality 

of services, we are going to adjust our business hours starting 

from Dec.21st  by following time:

Monday to Friday: 11:00am-9:00pm

Saturday: 10:00am-8:00pm

Sunday: 11:00am-8:00pm

    We are sorry for your inconvenience. In order to appreciate for 

your understanding and support as always, 15% discount will be 

applied by any purchase on Christmas Eve, Dec 24th and New 

Year ’s Day, January 2nd. We sincerely welcome the regular and 

new customers to join us at Eighty Six Degrees Tea!

  Happy Holiday!

  Best Regard, 

Eighty Six Degrees Team, Attention Eighty-Sixers! Nothing says Fall and Winter like a nice cup of hot tea! Come in and see us! We will maintain our schedule throughout the season, with the following exceptions:

Thanksgiving: Closed
Christmas Eve: 10a-6p
Christmas Day: Closed
New Year's Eve: 10a-6p
New Year's Day: Closed

From our family to yours, have a great holiday season!, Kicking off the holiday season right, we give you The Gobbler! This month's holiday drink was inspired by the countryside and Fall harvests, and features a barley tea base, with milk, winter melon, and our own house-made pudding topping! It's already a huge hit here, and we're sure it'll have you giving thanks all month long!, We've created a monster! Just in time for Halloween, #EightySixDegreesTea is pleased to present the Frankenstein! A delightful blend of Dragonwell green tea (brewed fresh from loose leaf, as always!) with honey, kiwi, mango, and supplemented with lychee and green tea jelly! This monster of a drink and other holiday specials are available now, so drop in and say #Boo!, Introducing the Specials Board! Located conveniently behind our main register, check it out for some of our favorite and most popular combinations! (In addition to some awesome art from our talented staff as well!), This is the 86 Degrees Tea take on the Jian Bing Guo Ze (煎饼果子). Known in English as a Chinese Crêpe, this popular street food gets kicked up a notch as our 86 version adds lettuce, onion, and even some kimchi to the base of ham, egg, crispy dough, scallion, cilantro, and sesame! It makes a great breakfast, or a great snack!, Eighty Six is now offering Americano on our menu, hot or iced! Come in and get refreshed and comforted with a cup of goodness.

- We now officially use Flat Black espresso beans as our espresso base to make all espresso beverages. Flat Black is a local brand, and their beans are roasted here in Massachusetts. We always love to honor local business that provides quality products. 
#flatblack #rainydayboston, There's a #lunareclipse of a #supermoon tonight! This hasn't happened since 1985 and won't happen again until 2033! To celebrate, we're offering 10% off of everything today! That's right, all teas, espresso drinks, and crêpes are 10% off! Come on in for a bite and a drink before you go out to view the moon tonight!, Tomorrow is the Mid-Autumn festival, any plans guys? Did you say you'd like to grab a delicious drink and crepe before heading to witness the beautiful Super Moon + Eclipse? Brilliant idea!
To make your experience even better, the store will offer a 10% discount on any purchase throughout the day tomorrow from 9am-10pm. 
Come on in, and celebrate with us!, Come on in this weekend for some bubble tea, some espresso drinks, and of course a savory Chinese Crêpe or two!, Fall is here! (Feels that way anyway.) Don't forget that all of our drinks are delicious both hot and cold!, Hello Eighty-Sixers! We will be closed on Saturday, 9/12, from 11:30am-2pm for a private event. 

We look forward to seeing your smiling faces from 2pm until we close at regular business hours (10pm) that night! 

Thank you for your understanding!, School is back in session, so come on in and get your study on! Comfy chairs and couch, delicious tea and espresso, and the friendliest staff in Quincy!, What's happening Eighty Sixers? Yes! We are open today during our normal weekday hours! What explains a relaxing and refreshing Labor Day better than a GFYD (grapefruit yogurt drink)?! Grab one on your way to the beach!

Come and check out our various yogurt drink selections! We use Yakult probiotic yogurt drinks as our drink base, combined with various fruit pastes. Oh, and don't forget to mix & match your drink with our DIY add-ons!, Drink profile! This is 'The Farm,' a barley tea with lactose-free whole milk and sweetened with caramel (cup marking and drawing by request : ) ). The fresh roasted barley pairs deliciously with the milk and caramel combo! Come on in and try it soon!, Most bubble tea establishments feature a variety of add-ons, but we here at #EightySixDegreesTea believe that people can truly mix and match as they wish, which is why our add-on bar is completely DIY... Make sure you get that boba-to-pudding ratio just right!

#EightySix #EightySixDegrees #Tea #MilkTea #BubbleTea #Boba #Pudding #DIY #DoItYourself #AddOns #Toppings #PowerToThePeople #SupportYourLocal #Cafe #Café #Quincy #QuincyCenter #Boston #Massachusetts #NewEngland #Nom, It's the last Monday before #LaborDay, and that means Fall is right around the corner... Fortunately, Autumn is perfect for drinking tea and espresso! Come on in for a snack, a study session, or just to meet up with some friends!, #EightySixDegreesTea is hiring! If you'd like to be a part of an awesome team, contact us at career@eightysixdegrees.com! We're hiring for multiple positions and are looking for anyone who loves to work hard and is excited to be a part of an up and coming location!, Not quite certain what you'd like to order from our menu? We will always have a couple of samples for you to try! Even if you are a dedicated fan of your favorite drink, make sure you try one... You may just like it!, Making a bubble milk tea with boba, step by step. Come on in and see the process for yourself, the results are delicious!, Need that afternoon pick-me-up? Sometimes tea just isn't enough caffeine. Fortunately, we have some great espresso options (like this iced mocha) on offer as well!

Some fun facts for you guys:
1) We use espresso beans from various sources, but they are all Boston-area based companies who roast their beans locally.
2) In keeping with our desire to provide only premium ingredients, we proudly feature @ghiradelli chocolate and caramel for our mochas and macchiatos.
3) All of our milk options are lactose free, so feel free to enjoy anything on our menu!

Friday is only a day away, come get that boost you need!, null, Did you know... All of our teas are made from premium loose leaf! No powders, tea bags, or pre-made product, all of our teas are brewed fresh daily, and we think you'll taste the difference. Come visit us in Quincy Center and see for yourself! Open until 10pm tonight and every night!, We have more than just tea! Our Chinese style crepes and egg-wiches are our delicious take on a popular Chinese street food, and make a perfect breakfast (or snack at any time of day!) Stop by and grab one!

#EightySixDegrees #EightySixDegreesTea #Crepe #Crepes #Food #Tea #Boba #BubbleTea #MilkTea #IcedTea #HotTea #Espresso #Cafe #Café #Quincy #QuincyCenter #Boston #Massachusetts #NewEngland, Rainy day weather got you down? Stop by @eightysixdegreestea for a cup of tea and a Chinese crepe to raise your spirits!

#EightySixDegreesTea #Tea #Boba #Latte #Chinese #Crepe #BubbleTea #Cafe #QuincyCenter #Quincy #Boston #Massachusetts #Rain #RainyDay, http://www.freshcup.com/tea-latte-esteem/
A well written article about milk tea a.k.a. tea latte., We are excited to announce our Grand Opening day this Friday July 10th! Thank you all for keeping tuned! As a THANK YOU, we are going to have a few promotion events. During the week of July 10-17, everything is 20% off. Additionally, if your purchase is more than $15, you will get one of our customized T-shirt or Mug (Hurry! while quantities last!).

There will be a brief Grand Opening ceremony and celebration on this Friday around 12:30pm, please stop by and join us.

Operating hours starting from July 10th will be:
Mon- Fri 7am - 10pm
Sat- Sun 9am- 10pm

We look forward to seeing you soon!, Today we concluded our Soft Opening, and thank you so much for all your support! We know that we still have much to improve, and we could never have got here without your understanding and belief in us. 
We will be stepping into Grand Opening following some adjustment and reconciliations of this week. The store will be closed temporarily and will open uninterruptedly when we come back.
Please keep tuned for our Grand Opening date soon., Ok, here we go. Are you ready?

We will be having regular hours starting Monday, June 8, which will be:
Mon-Fri  7am-10pm
Sat-Sun  9am-10pm

Followed by our Grand Opening, and we will be announcing the date and promotions of Grand Opening on our Facebook page, please pay close attention for the Big Day!, Hours Next Week:

4pm - 9pm on Tues, Wed, Fri, Sat

One more week of training and Staffing. We are almost there!, Yes we are opening tomorrow and here are our hours for next week. Come by and say hi to our new Teamembers :)

4pm - 9pm on 5/25 Mon, 5/27 Wed, 5/30 Sat., The Soft Opening Discount still holds for next week! Please take it while you can! 
Soft Opening Hours for next week:
5/20 Wed:  11AM- 5PM
5/22 Fri:     5PM-10PM
5/23 Sat:    5PM-10PM, Thank you for your patience!! Here are our Soft Opening Hours for this Saturday and Next Week:

5/9    Sat:  4PM-9PM

5/11 Mon:  7AM-1PM

5/13 Wed: 11AM-5PM

5/15   Fri:   5PM-10PM

5/16  Sat:   5PM-10PM

(Note: We will be closed on Tuesday 5/12 and Thursday 5/14 and Sundays 5/10 & 5/17), The night was totally rocked by all of you who visited! We are taking your feedback and working hard to improve!

We will be closed for tomorrow (Thursday) and Friday for maintenance and adjustments, and will resume on Saturday!

Please keep tuned, we'll Be Right Back!, Check out our article on Eater Boston! A Big THANK YOU to Dyer Brown for the great works you've done!, Thanks for joining us today! We are open for feedback. As a thank you, we will have everything 25% off during our soft opening. (Please refer to this post at the cash register)

Business Hours tomorrow (Wednesday): 4pm-9pm

Please note that our business hours during soft opening is subject to change. We apologize for any inconvenience., We are finally having our soft opening tomorrow from 10am-5pm. Please come by and visit us!, A glance of the store at night., Treasures of the wholehearted feedback that makes us better each day...Thank you! We are working hard on some final adjustments, Anyone ready for spring? We are!
So what it's snowing tomorrow? Mr. Spring, you can run but you can't hide! #bostonspring, Photoshoot day for our staring beverage and food. This is a hard working crew!, Ok Teams #teamblackandblue #teamwhiteandgold, it's all about coexistence! Here's a sneak-peek inside of the store! (It's purple btw), We are coming soon! Keep tuned! Exciting stuff is happening behind these signs..)