List(Introducing our new blue barista, our highest level of recognition for the excellent mastery of coffee., Torta della Nonna: pastry filled with custard and topped with pine nuts and powdered sugar. A Florentine masterpiece., Our Cold Brewed Coffee tap in Andover is ready for warmer weather. How about you?, Happy Easter from all of us!  Can you spot the remnants from our Easter egg hunt in Downtown Crossing this morning? (there are two), Spring is just around the corner. Can you feel it?, You'll find Lisa in our new Andover location sipping on espresso because "espresso hits you in a different way than drip coffee". Be sure to say hello if you see her!, In honor of #WorldPoetryDay and the Boston Ballet, here's an excerpt from Eugene Ogin by Alexander Pushkin.

Thanks for the suggestion Trends and Tolstoy!, "What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness." - John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Photos taken by you, from around the world of Caffe Nero., Our Downtown Crossing Baristas would like to wish you all a very happy St. Patrick's Day!, Seeking: Cozy spot to nap and catch some Monday-after-daylight-savings Zs, There's a subtle note of Jasmine in our blend, like Spring in the air., Celebrating women (and coffee) the world over. #InternationalWomensDay, We've got that Spring Break feeling. Where do you wish you were spending the break (perhaps at this Caffe Nero in Cyprus?)

photo by @puura, “If winter comes, can spring be far behind?” 
― Percy Bysshe Shelley, Ode to the West Wind, A good book is like an old friend. They both go well with coffee. #WorldBookDay, Tomorrow our new location in Andover will be open for it's first full day, 6:30am - 9pm. We can't wait to meet you all!, “It's snowing still," said Eeyore gloomily.
"So it is."
"And freezing."
"Is it?"
"Yes," said Eeyore. "However," he said, brightening up a little, "we haven't had an earthquake lately.” 
― A.A. Milne, Crafting milk for coffee is an art., Photos taken by you, from around the world of Caffe Nero., Nothing could make a Monday better than resting by the fire with your favorite drink and a treat.

PC @muayee, “She stuck her head out and took a deep breath. If she could eat the cold air, she would. She thought cold snaps were like cookies, like gingersnaps. In her mind they were made with white chocolate chunks and had a cool, brittle vanilla frosting. They melted like snow in her mouth, turning creamy and warm.” 
― Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen, Start the week with love (and coffee)., Just having some Valentine's Day fun!, Coffee and milk. They're total opposites. Dark vs. light. Strong vs. smooth. Together, however, they make the perfect pair., Everything you need for playing in the snow: warm head and warm hands, Feeling cozy and sophisticated by the fire 

PC @jeanmarie55 on Instagram, “I wonder if the snow loves the trees and fields, that it kisses them so gently? And then it covers them up snug, you know, with a white quilt; and perhaps it says 'Go to sleep, darlings, till the summer comes again.' " 
― Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass, For romantic, rainy February days., Step in from the cold and get cozy., Happy National Croissant Day. Will you fall for chocolate, or whole grain?

PC the wonderfully creative Artemis Design Co., What's warmer than the roasted hazelnut color of our crema?, Our big armchairs were designed specifically for Mondays., Because, Saturday., We warm our cups to keep your coffee at just the right temperature., A good start to the week with the best of both worlds: a warm fire and your favorite iced drink.
PC @Minty_bab, Welcome back to Boston in the Wintertime., These decadent brownies come right from our neighbor Treats on Washington. Have you indulged in their treats yet?, Don’t let Monday make you blue., Keep the holidays alive with our holiday sandwich: turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.  (only available until the 16th!), Make the most of the cold finally coming in and read by firelight in the South End., Have you started planning 2016?, Bring in the New Year with family and friends., The perfect winter drink, a rich cup of hot chocolate., May your day be merry and bright., Twas the night before Christmas., On the shortest day of the year, enjoy that even a little bit of daylight can be remarkable.
PC @susanmbradley on Instagram, Christmas in a cup. What warm drink makes it feel like the holidays to you?, Our baristas at Downtown Crossing are keeping the holiday spirit alive today., Find something cozy beneath the tree., We’ve made it a bit cozier for the holidays. Show your favorite decorations in the comments., Making everywhere feel like Christmas. Here's how Shayna (@speterzell) is sprucing up her dorm room. Show us how you’re decorating your dorm room in the comments and keep the finals blues away!, Give the gift of a warm morning by the fire with a hot drink in hand., Praline and gingerbread lattes, for making spirits bright., Silky milk is the ideal complement to our espresso., Wishing you a day full of smiles with friends and family. 

Happy Thanksgiving, Boston, Jose competing in our Barista of the Year competition this summer. His favorite drink is a ristretto latte., Home for Thanksgiving means catching up with old friends. Tag your friends that you want to see while you’re home this week!, We're running a contest to encourage Boston to #CreateThanks until November 24th, details here on how to enter: http://bit.ly/1HWn3j7

Designer Abi Solberg shared with us the beginning of a series of science of food illustrations she will be sharing with the world soon. "I'm thankful for my tasteuds because without them the joys of food/drink and making them would be gone." 

She's got a point! Follow her series on Instagram and Twitter @AbiSolberg, You have a few more days to enter our #CreateThanks contest http://bit.ly/1LeeaBj

Here’s why Boston blogger Clair De Lune thankful:
“Tonight, I am sharing my grandma's secret recipe of a Chinese traditional meal with one of my closest friends. Words cannot describe how thankful I am for having amazing friends who not only helped me grow as a person, but also made me realize they are my family away from home.”

Follow her on Instagram @clairingtonzhan and Twitter @clair_traveller
Blog: http://www.theeyetraveler.com/, We're running a contest to encourage Boston to #CreateThanks, details here on how to enter: http://bit.ly/1HWn3j7

Singer/Songwriters Joanna Lee and Justin Cho share a snippet of their wonderful song "Song to Gratitude (Silhouette)" with us for #CreateThanks. Here's how Joanna describes it: The song "is about the need for gratitude and simplicity of youth and childhood.  We tend to be grateful for more things when we are little, I feel.  And then superficiality, vanity, security and materialism kick in gradually as we age.  This song is addressed to "gratitude", my questioning this personified character "why you seem out of reach" but then "maybe with age, a tug or stir will get me there" asking Gratitude to come back.  I talk about its "silhouette" and how it graciously sweeps through me and teaches me a lesson to go back to humble roots."

Follow her on Instagram @joalee3 to keep up with her recording, We keep things traditional. Especially in our roasting rituals., Be creative to share what you’re thankful for now – Nov. 24th and you could win 1 of 3 prizes! Sing a song, put together an outfit, bake a cake, write a poem, however you want to show what you’re thankful for! Post on Twitter or Instagram using @Caffenero_US and #CreateThanks. For each winner, we will donate a holiday meal for a family of 5 to the The Greater Boston Food Bank. See details: http://bit.ly/1LeeaBj, A warm drink and a warm seat. Don’t you love fireplace season?, Our signature blend has a balanced taste, full body and a rich aroma. What can you taste?, Nature’s finest accessory., Not just any bean makes it into our blend…only the very best., The cutest costume award goes to this adorable babyccino. Be sure to share your own costume photos in the comments!, Our baristas at Downtown Crossing are ready for any evil plans.

Ok, time for cake!, Our very own Michelle won 2nd place in our International Barista of the Year competition this past month, where she competed against Caffè Nero baristas from all across Europe. Be sure to tell her congratulations when you see her!, Move aside Pumpkin. Long live Hot Apple Cider, don’t you agree?, Undeniably, Fall in a cup., The americano and chocolate cake combo.

Classic., Laugh in the face of mid-terms., Our espresso is small, but mighty., A bit of morning coziness.
 
By @clairingtonzhan, How far will you go for the perfect apple?, Rich, smooth, strong and aromatic… good things do come in small doses., Crunch. Sip. Enjoy, Right here, right now, just for you., Some people restores antique cars, but Ben restored a 1979 Gaggia espresso machine., College is all about finding a good place to study, We're taking it back to basics for National Coffee Day…, Looks like we have a new fan.

You can find more of little @DoggyDiego on Instagram., Where will you find your solace when you need to get away?, Isn’t it nice, being home? 

PC @Leesha224, Freshly ground coffee, just for your espresso, Looking for something to do this weekend? This Saturday and Sunday is the Jamaica Plain Open Studios event throughout JP! We’re excited to have Robin Radin’s photography displayed in our JP location., Time to get out and explore your city., Get your reading done outside (While you still can!), For those of you who thought that an 8am class was a good idea…

This is called an Espresso con Panna., There’s still a few weeks left of Summer, New dorm, new city, new school, great view. 

 Photo by @Joeburt_, Moving in Boston can be tough. What helped you make it through?, How are you staying cool during these last days of summer?

Show us your best sunglasses selfie with you enjoying an Iced Drink for a chance to win a $10 gift card! Just use #NeroCool on Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter before Friday!, How does your family beat the heat?, Be cool, Learning a new skill takes 20 hours, the same amount of time it takes to make our cold brew coffee. What would you learn?, Who would have thought this sweet and flaky French pastry would have such a fun name? Kouign amann (pronounced queen a man), What’s better than taking a dip on a hot summer day?, As if our iced drinks weren’t cool enough…, Don't mind if we do., Now, this is our kind of beach., 20 hour road trip + cold brew iced coffee = the perfect getaway, No better view than from our newly opened South End location!, Best friends keep you cool., It takes us 20 hours to make our cold brew iced coffee. What would you do with 20 hours?, The best advice we've had all Summer, Nothing better than hanging out with your best friend. How did you spend Friendship Day?, Thanks to our friends at Siena Farms in the South End for these beautiful sunflowers. It’s great to have such wonderful neighbors!, Cold brewed iced coffee takes 20 hours to brew. We think it was time well spent., Debbie will be relaxing in the Dominican Republic later this summer. Where is your favorite getaway?, An easy summer read, or a hearty non-fiction?, A lifesaving Americano for @alihale, This week we held our annual Barista of the Year competition, where we put our baristas to the test. Congratulations to Michelle for winning first place, and Joe for coming in 2nd! We are proud to have such excellent baristas on our team., South End, we're here and we're excited to meet you! Tomorrow begins regular hours: 7am - 9pm at 564 Tremont Street, be sure to come by and say hello., The blended Frappe Latte... A latte like you've never seen before, Less than a week until we meet our newest neighbors., Freshly made every day for you…., We like summer a latte…, Get outdoors and enjoy a picnic with a friend!, Thank you to all who entered our #CaffeNeroSummer contest, we enjoyed seeing all of your adventures! Congratulations to Josephine, Adam, and Patrick, the three winners who will be enjoying a week of free coffee!, Kissing causes your pupils to dilate, just like your morning coffee…which do you prefer?, Drink up, it’s the 4th of July!, We’ll see you soon South End., Wishing you had more time? We can help: we've officially extended our #CaffeNeroSummer contest another week! You now have through July 6th to post a photo of your fun summer activity with #CaffeNeroSummer for a chance to win an entire week of coffee. Start posting on Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter!, Let coffee stir your imagination today.

Thank you to our loyal fan for sending us this lovely drawing., Jump for joy, school’s out for the summer time!, Keep sharing your #CaffeNerosummer for a chance to win free coffee for a week!, We hope that everyone had a Happy Father's Day!, Share a photo of your favorite summer activity using #CaffeNeroSummer on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram for a chance to win free coffee for a week! Contest ends June 29th. For more details, visit our website: http://bit.ly/1eknprV, Escape to your tropical paradise, even if it's just with a smoothie., We don’t care how you get to us… just as long as you do., “Kissing and coffee never go out of style” - @rutujarajwade, Today's recommendation: find a shady spot to sip the day away., Summer days are best spent with company., Fantastically fresh lunch… for here or to go?, Where do you go to take an afternoon break?

Thanks for the great photo from Instagram user @liveundefined91!, Treat yourself with reckless abandon: it’s okay to get chocolate all over your face., Your favorite coffee, on ice., Hello, summertime. What took you so long?, Thanks to Jeff Cook, a Boston blacksmith for creating this unique piece for our Longwood store., Meet Joseph in our Longwood store… we charmed him with our white mochas., Thank you to Cobwebs Antiques Boston for providing our JP location with such beautiful flowers!, We're excited to celebrate our 1-year anniversary of being in Boston. Were you there on opening day in downtown crossing last year?, What did you do today to make your mom’s day?, We never compromise on our coffee, starting with the espresso., Soak up the sun, Boston., Classico vs. Milano… what do you taste?, We're excited to announce that our Longwood location is open today! Be sure to stop by at Longwood Center, 360 Longwood Avenue, Our favorite kind of spring shower

Image Source(Surreal Photos by Joel Robison (http://tinyurl.com/pjcmsuw), Not too cold and not too hot, we steam our milk to 120 degrees Fahrenheit to make your drink just right.  Want yours extra hot? Just ask your barista!, Finishing up the final touches on our new Longwood location. We look forward to seeing you soon!, Spectators need to carb-load too…

Best of luck to those running the Boston Marathon today!, What do you think these ladies are talking about in the corner of our DTX location? Leave your caption below!, Did you know that we roast two blends? You have likely tasted our Classico blend, but why not give the Milano a taste?, Goodbye, Winter. Make way for warmer weather., You deserve to feel like royalty…, Aromatic notes of dark chocolate, nuttiness and sweet caramel give our espresso a depth of flavor., Our egg frittata sandwich… who says a vegetarian breakfast can’t be fresh and filling?, Our favorite treat…How are you spending your Easter Sunday?, We are happy to partner with High Lawn Farm to bring you the best quality local milk for our drinks. Learn more about them here http://highlawnfarm.com/, Introducing our new Molto Grande sized cups...good luck carrying it back to the office., Our designer Richard hand crafted this light fixture ourselves from an old German light bulb testing machine days before opening in JP. What do you think?, Big enough to share… or keep it all to yourself. We won’t judge., Do like your coffee to have a subtle sweetness? It comes from the fourth aroma in our espresso - caramel., Meet Ryan, one of our JP baristas. Boston born and raised, you can catch him joining in local tech events. 

Thanks to Maura for this great photo. Take a look at her blog post on our JP location here: http://www.mauraodonnellphotography.com/blog/, We loved this blog post by Claire about our JP location. We hope you feel at home too.  http://bit.ly/17NVIDp, We've loved a great relationship with The Young Folk  over the years. What's your favorite music to enjoy on St. Patrick's day?, Thanks to the Art Talkers for joining up at our JP location for their monthly meeting! 

Do you have a group that meets at Caffè Nero?, The third aroma in our espresso gives it a tasty toasted nuttiness with every sip., Where is your favorite place to meet up with an old friend?, Still keeping up the New Year's resolutions?
Didn't think so… hello, hot chocolate!, Wish we could be joining all you students for a warm Spring Break! Where are you headed?, Introducing our new white and gold cups…, There's nothing like the zing of a morning coffee, and it comes from the second aroma in our espresso - fresh cherry., Time for an afternoon pick me up? Sounds delicious., “I mix classic, beautiful pieces found off the beaten track across Europe with the given neighborhood’s look and feel in order that each coffee house has its own individual character.”
– Richard Hamilton, Caffè Nero Designer, The Oscars are here! Can you match the iconic european films to the quotes? 

1. Accept me as I am. Only then can we discover each other.
2. Marcelo, come here!
3. I was destined for sensibility. I was destined to become a writer.
4. Nothing is more necessary than the unnecessary., Have you ever noticed how different people eat their pastries? How do you eat yours?, There are four aromatic notes at the core of our espresso, and the first is dark chocolate.

Ever wondered why coffee and cake go so well together?, All you need for a cozy afternoon, Happy Valentine’s Day from everyone here at Caffè Nero, A few fashion bloggers (including some Boston locals!) gave us their take on our Caffè Nero t-shirt in honor of Fashion Week 2015 #nyfw. 

Which look do you like best?, Think warm thoughts Boston. This green grass will be back again!, We love a good celebrity sighting. Who are you hoping to see on the Grammys tonight?, What was your favorite warm drink as a child?, Nothing better than your favorite cup of coffee and the warmth and comfort of a fireplace, What's the first thing you think about when you taste our espresso?, A great tasting espresso is music to our ears., Staying warm and safe from the storm. How are you spending your day cozy inside?, The choices are endless, A delightful treat to keep you warm on these cold winter days., Relax, and sip the day away., From first sip to last, our espresso is bursting with a variety of flavors. What can you taste in your cup?, Our JP store is officially open! We hope all our neighbors stop by and say hello., Here’s an official sneak peek of our JP store location!, We're excited to be a part of an episode of the Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 tonight at 7:30pm on their showcase of the Theatre District!, How are you making the most of these cold winter days?, We obsess over the crafting of our espresso., The final details are coming together for our second US store opening.  Can’t wait to meet you JP!  Come visit us next week at 733 Centre Street., Our new year’s resolution is to share more of our espresso knowledge with you.  Tell us below what you would like to know about espresso!, How will you be ringing in the new year?, Your safe haven., Bambino cup love.  Thanks to Crystal for sharing this pic with us!, Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas!, Which cookies do you think are Santa’s favorite?, The Perfect Stocking Stuffers, Who do you wish you could be sharing our pumpkin praline cheesecake with?, It was wonderful having Sons of Serendip join us in store to make their music video. Stay tuned for when we share the final video soon!, Our special guest for the holidays - Peppermint Hot Chocolate, Where do you wish to spend your holidays?, Dreaming of the Sugar Plum Fairy, Holiday Cheer, in a cup, Show us your favorite Holiday craft & enter to win a Nero gift card! Post your creations in the comments below by Friday, December 19th., What motivates you during finals?, Come on in, it’s cozy in here., The holiday season means…

Festive lights, holiday sweaters and praline lattes, null, null, From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving, Here's to lively conversation at the dinner table this Thanksgiving.  Who will be leading the conversation at your table?, Which do you prefer on your cappuccino?

A. Sweet & spicy cinnamon
B. Dark & delicious chocolate, After the beans have roasted, we have a careful tasting process to ensure a consistent blend., You don’t need gluten to make a delicious treat., Have you met our Boston baristas?  If so, tell us their names in the comments below!, Bring a friend and stay a while., Stop by and let our fireplace and our coffee keep you warm., Fall means sweaters,

Fall means changing leaves,

and Fall means all things pumpkin: including the lattes., We enjoyed creating your coffee roast, just for you Boston., Treat yourself this weekend, and have some cake too., Wishing you a Happy Halloween!, Grab a friend and a warm drink and step into Fall. Who is your favorite companion on a crisp Fall day?, Skinny latte, extra hot. How do you like yours?, We've seen how much you love iced coffee, even when it’s cold out.  Which are you drinking these days?

A. Iced
B. Hot, The way we see it, food is at its best when it’s fresh, wholesome and uncomplicated., Work… study… drink coffee!, Our sandwiches are made fresh for you each day., Starting the morning with coffee, conversation, and a stroll to the office., Our beans come from a variety of origins to make our unique blend., It was our pleasure giving her a taste of Italy again, which she hasn't had since studying abroad there., Fresh ingredients make for better sandwiches., What is your favorite fall time activity? Personally, we love apple picking., Have you been to any shows lately at our neighbors, the Boston Opera House?, The latte is supposed to have been first invented in the 1950s. But do you know when the first espresso machine was patented?, You can still drink iced coffee, even in October., Meet Eliza: a barista & writer who loves to travel. Ask her about her time in New Zealand while she crafts your favorite drink., Sometimes, you just need a good book and a cup of your favorite coffee., What better way to start a morning than with a fresh, flakey croissant?, We're ready for Fall in Boston, Our coffee experts, like Carlos, check every single batch of coffee beans to ensure it’s just right., Do you ever just need a change of scenery from those library walls?, What’s something that is tiny, but powerful?

Espresso Con Panna: A shot of espresso topped with whipped cream, Stop by for an Al Fresco lunch before the cold weather is truly upon us!, We’re looking for some new cookies to add to the menu. Which would you prefer?

A. Heath Bar
B. Peanut Butter
C. Double Chocolate
D. Other (Comment with what you would like to have!), Tucked away under a railway bridge, our European roastery is the place where our signature blend is born., Meet Michelle, one of our masterful baristas.

Her perfect breakfast is an espresso Ristretto and a Pan Au Chocolate, because what could be better than coffee and a chocolate croissant?, Happy National Grandparents day!, What are you bringing to Boston Calling today?, Thanks for the feedback, Boston. We have officially introduced a larger iced coffee cup size, just for you!, We’re excited to see students back in Boston!

Suffolk and Emerson students, can you tell where we are on your campuses?, Moving today? Don’t forget to treat yourself., Congratulations to the winners of our Boston Barista contest! Click through to see what they said about their favorite baristas. We will be contacting the winners about their rewards soon!, Do you take your coffee for here, or to go?, Meeting hall and marketplace since 1742. What do you go to Faneuil Hall for?, There’s less than one week left in the Boston Barista contest! Take a picture with your favorite barista and a fun fact about them using #CaffeNeroBarista for a chance to win a week of free coffee!, Our caprese sandwiches are made fresh each day. 

What are you having for lunch today?, We use the highest quality tea in silk bags from the Tea Exchange., We love using fresh ingredients in all our foods. Where is your favorite farmer’s market?, Today we saw the balcony where the Declaration of Independence was proclaimed! Where is your favorite spot on the Freedom Trail?, Taking an adventurous vacation this summer?

Don’t forget the essentials., Want to win a free week of your favorite coffee?  Enter by August 28th by posting a picture of yourself with your favorite Boston Barista and a fun fact about them! Just use the hashtag #CaffeNeroBarista

http://bit.ly/BostonBarista, Our coffee beans are handpicked from a variety of places with high altitudes and rich soils. Panama is just one example., Be fashionably late...order a Grande., The first public school was the Boston Latin School.

What was the first school you attended?, Meet Alec, one of our Boston Baristas.

His favorite pastry: definitely the Apple Coffee Cake, We create fresh filled cannoli each day. Do you like chocolate on your cannoli?, Our European roastery is where our signature blend is born., On the Freedom trial today! Can you tell us any fun facts about Park Street Church?, How do you pronounce espresso?, Pastries make any morning better.

http://caffenero.com/menu/food/, When you first enter our coffee house, you’re welcomed with these lights. 

What do you think of them?, Our go to for a mid-morning pick me up., Our Mediterranean salad features this freshly made cucumber salad., Can you tell where we are along the Freedom Trail today?, Can you find this Hood box in our coffeehouse?, Biscotti originate from the Italian city of Prato. We recommend dipping them into your favorite coffee., Stop #2: The Statehouse. 

Did you know that there’s a golden pine cone on top of the dome?, An expertly made shot of espresso looks like this: with beautiful “crema” on top
http://bit.ly/1skIdDw, There’s a lot you can do with our blue cups. Do you have any other ideas?, Who’s ready for the beach?, Don’t forget to look up when in our Boston store!, Getting to know Boston. Freedom Trail here we come!, Here’s to basking in the sun., Your favorite cup of coffee, in your own home., We're very hopeful that the rain stays away and that we get to see our first Boston fireworks display tonight!

What are your plans for the 4th?, "Today was my first time here. I tried a double espresso, and it was probably one of the smoothest shots of espresso I've ever had. ", Do you know the history of the Americano? Comment below if you know how it got started!, Stay cool, Boston, Our customers have been raving about our freshly made breakfast sandwiches.  

Have you tried one yet?, Check out the Parisian styled lights above our coffee bar. 

Send us a picture of your favorite lights in the store!, Our mocha has the perfect balance of espresso, chocolate and streamed milk, topped with delicious whipped cream., Happy first day of summer!  Grab a seat outside and enjoy your favorite iced drink.  

What are your summer plans?, “I just love their lattes. I was never a latte person before, but you just have to try it at Caffè Nero”, Our croissants are baked fresh in-house every day. 

Do you prefer sweet or savory croissants?, Wishing all the Dads out there a very Happy Father’s Day!, The difference between a latte and a cappuccino is all in the foam. 

Like if you prefer lattes and share if you like cappuccinos!, Start your weekend off with one of our fresh desserts.  

Don’t you wish you were eating this brownie right now?
http://caffenero.com/food/, This door was brought over from a country estate in Italy.

Have you ever been to the Italian countryside?, “The coffee is great and I love the atmosphere. I don’t even feel like I’m in Boston.”, Espresso is at the core of all that we do. What is your favorite espresso drink?, Start your morning with a cup of coffee and a slice of delicious bread from Leo's Bakery.

What do you enjoy most for breakfast?, Keep up with the latest news, with your favorite drink. We have newspapers available every day for free, just be sure to share!, Our loyalty cards are good at any of our locations around the world.

How close are you to filling your card?, Savor the weekend with one of our deliciously blended Frappés., We get our fresh bread for our sandwiches daily from Nashoba Brook Bakery in West Concord, MA, This mirror came from a house on Commonwealth Avenue right here in Boston.

What do you think of it?, We hope you enjoyed your long weekend. #HappyMemorialDay, Just for you Boston, we are offering cold brewed iced coffee.

Have you tried it yet?, Meet Devin, one of our Boston store managers.  His favorite coffee to make is a cappuccino. 

Come by and ask him to make you one!, All of our milk is locally sourced from High Lawn Farm, Looking for a relaxing Sunday morning? Come enjoy a coffee and stay as long as you’d like., Meet Josh, one of our Boston store managers.  He loves a double espresso in the morning. 

Come by and meet him!, Traditional Italian espresso drinks are our passion.

What do you love most about espresso?, Come by and visit us! We are open for our regular hours of 7am-9:30pm, Our doors are officially open, Boston! Come visit us at our Downtown Crossing location – 560 Washington Street., We are adding the last finishing touches for our 10am opening tomorrow! 

Will we see you there?, We'd like to wish all moms a very Happy Mother's Day!, A perfectly made cup of coffee makes any rainy day better. 

What is your favorite coffee for a rainy spring day?, We can’t wait for you to try our locally baked muffins from Leo's Bakery in South Boston. 
 
What’s your favorite kind of muffin?, Our coffee house is almost ready for you to find your favorite spot.

Do you prefer to enjoy your coffee in a chair, booth or couch?, "I lived in Boston and love the city. It’s a dynamic city where I feel familiar and fit in well with."

 - Caffè Nero Founder Gerry Ford, “I think about designing a space that juxtaposes a rustic, authentic European look and an industrial urban feel.”

- Richard Hamilton, Caffè Nero Designer, Our Boston team is fine tuning the detailed elements of our coffee craft, just for you., The team is getting ready to unveil the coffee bar, specially brought in from Strasbourg, France., We'll be opening our Boston coffee house in just 10 days. 

We look forward to meeting you all!, Much of our food will be sourced from local bakers to make Italian inspired recipes.

What is your favorite Italian recipe?, Wishing all the runners of the Boston Marathon the best of luck today. #BostonStrong, Happy Easter, Boston, We wish you all a pleasant weekend filled with great company.

What do you have planned?, Happy Monday. Fill in the blank: My favorite coffee drink to start the week is _______., We’re looking forward to the Opening Day celebration of our new hometown team, the Boston Red Sox! How are you celebrating?, Our Baristas are highly trained in the craft of coffee making so you know you’re in great hands., Our espresso is traditionally handcrafted and made in the classic Italian way – balanced, full bodied and with a silky smooth flavor. What type of coffee would you order?, Thanks to our new neighbor, Laura from Boston Day Book, for sharing news of our opening. We’re glad to have been a favorite studying spot of yours back in grad school and look forward to having you visit us again. http://bit.ly/1fDvK2h  , Every coffee made in #Boston will originate from our roastery in Europe., Happy St. Patrick’s Day, Boston.

http://bit.ly/1qMafFn, We’re getting to know our new neighborhood and adore this painting of Downtown Crossing in the early-1900’s.

http://bit.ly/O3g9D8, Our store wrap is up and we’ll be opening soon. What will be the first drink you order?, We’re thankful to have been included in The Voice of Downtown Boston’s round-up of businesses opening in Boston. Which openings are you looking forward to?

http://www.thevoiceofdowntownboston.com/new-businesses-where-to-eat-in-downtown-boston-in-2014/, “Boston, more so than many markets, has an affinity toward European culture.” - Caffè Nero Founder Gerry Ford, We’re happy to share that our first US-based coffee house will be in Boston. Keep an eye out for more details as we get ready for opening day!, We’re thrilled to be opening in the States! #Beantown http://bit.ly/1bRWAbI, null)