List(Floating Rock is currently seeking a new location and will update everyone as soon as we have more information., The Floating Rock will be closing its doors tonight for good. Come on down for your last chance to get the amazing home cookin you just can't get anywhere else!!, Get here early and claim your spot at the bar...LET'S GO PATS!! $0.50 jumbo wings, $6 mixed drinks!! Floating Rocks were it's at!, Join us on Superbowl Sunday! 3 flat screens, $0.50 jumbo wings & $6 mixed drinks!
GO PATS!!, Make your Valentine's Day reservations with us today!, We are now hiring lunch waitstaff (11:00am-2:00pm)! Message us if you're interested : ), Let's go PATS!!
 Come watch NE crush the Broncos and enjoy a free order of crispy rolls at the bar! (with purchase of item of equal or greater value, one per customer), WildCard weekend is looking good, Come ring in the new year with our family at Floating Rock!, Stay out of the cold for a few and stop by for some lunch! :D, Merry Christmas Everyone! Hopefully everyone enjoyed it! :D, http://www.wickedlocal.com/cambridge/fun/entertainment/dining/x1466795317/Floating-Rock-serves-up-Cambodian-food-in-Cambridges-Central-Square#axzz1gcr2zbyR, Its finally Friday! Come in to the Floating Rock to begin your weekend! :D, Happy Monday! Come in for lunch and enjoy yourself :D, Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! Once second rounds of turkey are over...Float on into the Rock for some drinks, snacks and dessert to start the long weekend off right!! Gobble Gobble, Looking for a place to continue the Turkey day festivities? Join us at the Floating Rock for drinks and desserts! Bar open 7pm-1am., Bruins and Pats and jumbo wings...oh my! Come on in and help us cheer on the boys!!, Come in with the family today and enjoy your dining!, Come in for some fine Khmer dining this evening!, Guess who's opening for lunch Nov. 14th...WE ARE! Come join us 11:30-2:30 mon-fri!, Pat's game is on, jumbo wings are $0.50 and Madison stands ready at the bar...come on in!, Fall into the Rock : ) for our brand new LATE NIGHT menu! Delectabel desserts and savory snacks to satisfy your after hours cravings! Pot Stickers, Red Velvet and Spiced Fries...oh my! Stale pizza aint got nothing on us! Come in to check out the full menu (vegetarian options available)., Come and try our New Fall Libations:
The White Khmer- Vodka, Thai Tea and cream (Our take on the White Russian)
Pong Nog- Egg yolk, Condense Milk, Captain Morgan and Goldshlager (Sweet, spiced, spiked egg nog)
Mississippi Mug- Honey, Lemon, Jim Beam and Goldshlager in warm water (Warm up with our version of the Hot Toddy)
Jasmine Martini- Vodka or Gin with Jasmine Syrup and Lime (Undeniably refreshing citrus floral treat), WORLD SAKE BOMB DAY!!! $2 bombs...starts @ 9pm...BE HERE!!!, null, World Sake Bomb Day this Saturday starting at 9pm...BE HERE!!!, Come by and enjoy some of our fine Cambodian Cuisine this Thursday evening., Enjoy the beautiful Tuesday evening. Come by for dinner., Tonight's the boss' b-day party!!! Let the festivities begin!, Check out De-Lor's new video! , Have A Goodnight Everyone!, NOW HIRING: -server, -bartender. People skills and positive attitude...a must, experience and knowledge of Cambodian food...a plus! (bartenders must have 1+ yrs experience) If interested send us a message or stop in for an application., We are closed today due to Irene, we apologize for any inconvience. , Come on down for 50cent wings and meet the TYKUY girls 8pm to 10pm!, NOW OPEN FOR LUNCH!!!, Come celebrate SUNDAY FUNDAY w/ some great food and delicious cocktails!!, http://www.necn.com/07/16/11/Destination-Floating-Rock/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=541641&feedID=4643, Start your weekend off w/a bang....HAPPY HOUR: 5-7pm $5 apps at the bar! Stay for FAB FRIDAY w/ DJ Detonate spinnin' your faves from 10pm-1am!, Trivia Tuesdays: 50 cent MEGA wings at the bar. $8 Organic Cocktails, $2 PBRs and $3 Rolling Rocks...HAPPY HOUR: 5-7 $5 apps at the bar. Come on in!, Fab Fridays w/ DJ Detonate on the ones and twos from 10-1. Come on down and shake what your mama gave you! Happy Hour @ the bar 5-7: $5 apps! $2 PBRs and $3 Rolling Rocks all night long!!, Thirsty Thursdays: 50 cent MEGA wings at the bar and 1/2 off all apps with a college ID. $2 PBRs and $3 Rolling Rocks...HAPPY HOUR: 5-7 $5 apps at the bar. Come on in!, Happy Fourth!!!!! Come celebrate with us!!!, Happy Hour 5-7pm+$0.50 mega wings @ the bar! Rolling Rock promo 9:00pm prizes, rr gear and more...COME THRU!!, Get out of the heat and into the ROCK! Come sample our half priced apps at the bar 5-7 and delicious organic cocktails by Madison sure to chase away the Monday blues!, Sunday/funday! Come celebrate with us!, Come on down to try our newly expanded menu...stay and groove to the beats of DJ Detonate from 10-1am!!, Thirsty Thursdays with 25 cent wings at the bar and 1/2 off all apps with a college ID. This month only $2 PBR and $3 Rolling Rock!!!, Get out of the RAIN and into the ROCK!!! Come try our new Organic Cocktails. Kitchen open 5pm to 10pm and bar open until 1am!!, We're pleased to announce a brand new special we're running thanks to our friends at Push44. Basically, if you spread the word about Floating Rock, you'll have an opportunity to earn free entrees and your friends will have a chance to score free appetizers by checking out our restaurant through your recommendation. What's not to love? :) Please visit the link below to learn more., Happy Fathers day! 10% off all entrees all night , The celebration continues tonight...come sample our new and delectable cuisine! Stay to dance the night away to the beats of DJ Slipwax!, big THANK YOU to everyone who came out and supported us yesterday and since day one., thank you , Grand Opening tonight!!! Come join us for the celebration starting at 5:00., College Night! 1/2 priced apps all night with your college ID!, Game 7 and karaoke...does it get any better? Come join us tonight!, The celebration continues tonight with DJ Kev 1 spinning top 40s starting at 9:30., null, Start w/ our savory 1/2 priced apps at the bar, add an ice cold signature cocktail or two by Jesse, mix in some Game 3 B's action and you're lookin' at a great night!, Ribbon cutting at 5pm and a meet and greet with free food samplings form 5pmn to 7pm, Happy Memorial Day! Come celebrate at Floating Rock Cambridge!!, null, null, Get down to the Floating Rock Cambridge tonight! $0.50 wing @ the bar, 1/2 price apps w/ college ID!! We've got the B's on all 3 flat screens...stay and meet the BUD LIGHT GIRLS 9-10pm!, Swing in tonight for HAPPY HOUR!! Mouth watering apps 1/2 price at the bar from 5pm to 7pm... pair them with one of our new mind blowing cocktails by master mixologist Corinna!!!, Military Appreciation Week: 20% off everything (excluding alcohol) with military ID!, It's a "Dark and Stormy" kind of day...get out of the rain and into the Rock for some delicious libations and soul-warming eats!, FAB FRIDAY with D.J. Kevin Thiphavong AKA KEV1 on the 1s and 2s, come in for dinner and stay for top 40 hits!, Happy Mothers day! Come down for our Mothers Day special, 10% off ALL entrees!!! We have added many Vegetarian options, ask your server for more details!!, Celtics @ 7, come down to watch the game on all 3 flat screens and for some delicious new cocktails created by our master mixologist!!!, Its Thirsty Thursday again, 50 cent MEGA Spicy wings at the bar and 1/2 OFF ALL APPS with a college ID!!!, Bruins on all 3 FLAT SCREENS!!!!!!! Come in with your Bruin jersey and get 20% off all apps!!!, Celtics game 2 tonight at 7 on all flat screens. Come in with your C's jersey and receive 20% off ALL apps orders!!!, Commencement is around the corner, book your Graduation or Birthday party now. Call us for more info., Come catch the end of the Celts game with us and some tasty food and bevies!, Bruins by day, DJ Kev1 by night...COME JOIN US!!!, Its Friday Night! Come in for dinner & drinks and hang out for DJ Slipwax spinning hits at 10!, 1/2 price apps w/ college id and $0.50 mega spicy wings at the bar tonight...COME ON DOWN and watch the Sox dominate the orioles!, We are open today on Easter Sunday and have added additional vegetarian options on the menu., The Menu is now available beneath our picture!, null, Freshly stocked bar!! Come on down for Game 2 and some amazing food+drinks!, working on getting our soft menu up!, Day 2! If you haven't come in yet, come on down!!, Soft opening tonight!!!!!, Tngay Leang Saka is the 3rd and last day of the New Year. Buddhist cleanse the Buddha statues with holy water. Bathing the Buddha images is the symbol that water will be needed for all kinds of plants and lives. It is also thought to be a kind deed that will bring longevity, good luck, happiness and prosperity in life. By bathing their elders, children can obtain from them best wishes and good advice for the future., 2nd day of the New Year celebration is Virak Wanabat. People contribute charity to the less fortunate, help the poor, servants, homeless people, and low-income families. Families attend a dedication ceremony to their ancestors at the monastery., Today is the 1st day of New year Maha Songkran. It is the ending of the year and the beginning of a new one. The members of each family pay homage to offer thanks for the Buddha's teachings by kneeling and bowing three times before his image. For good luck people wash their face with holy water in the morning, their chests at noon, and their feet in the evening before they go to bed., null, null, Floating Rock
Revere fave's reborn in Central Square


Read more: http://www.thrillist.com/food/cambridge/ma/02139/central-square/floating-rock_asian_date-spots_great-cocktails_live-music_lunch#ixzz1HT0GsL00

http://www.thrillist.com/food/cambridge/ma/02139/central-square/floating-rock_asian_date-spots_great-cocktails_live-music_lunch, We apologize for the late response to everyone’s Email regarding our gift cards. Our POS system arrived over the weekend and gift cards can be picked up at any time. Please let us know in advance when you will be stopping by to make the purchase so that we can make sure someone is there to assist with the transaction. We look forward to a smooth final inspection at the end of the week., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, hood is in, null, Ladies room, Finishing up paint in the main dining room, null, Touching up some minor mess ups, **LIMITED TIME OFFER** As a special thank you for all your patience and support, we would like to extend a limited time offer on our Floating Rock Gift Cards. Purchase a gift card worth $25 for $20, a $50 card for $40 and a $100 card for $75. Offer valid during this last month of construction only and will expire when doors open late February/ early March., Our beautiful sign, Our hearts go out to the many families who lost loved ones in the tragedy at Phnom Penh's Water Festival., null, Most Anticipated Opening for Diners on a Budget is the Floating Rock!!

http://stuffboston.com/dining2010/archive/2010/10/04/most-anticipated-opening-for-diners-on-a-budget.aspx, null, Happy Fathers Day from our family at the Floating Rock!, Was a part of the Heading Home Gala today. A huge success., Demo!, null, The end of an era is finally here. This is our last week at the Revere location which means Friday April 30th will be our last day. We are very sad to be leaving this location. Thanks to everyone for their love and support., Tngay Leang Saka is the 3rd and last day of the New Year. Buddhist cleanse the Buddha statues with holy water. Bathing the Buddha images is the symbol that water will be needed for all kinds of plants and lives. It is also thought to be a kind deed that will bring longevity, good luck, happiness and prosperity in life. By bathing their elders, children can obtain from them best wishes and good advice for the future., 2nd day of the New Year celebration is Virak Wanabat. People contribute charity to the less fortunate, help the poor, servants, homeless people, and low-income families. Families attend a dedication ceremony to their ancestors at the monastery., Today is the 1st day of New year Maha Songkran. It is the ending of the year and the beginning of a new one. The members of each family pay homage to offer thanks for the Buddha's teachings by bowing, kneeling and prostrating themselves three times before his image. For good luck people wash their face with holy water in the morning, their chests at noon, and their feet in the evening before they go to bed., Happy Cambodian New Year from our family at the Floating Rock!!!, Thanks to everyone for their resume submissions. We had a chance to review all 90+ resumes that was submitted and will start the interviews in a couple weeks., The month of April will be our last month operating at the Revere location. The Grand Opening of the Central Square location will be mid to late June. Our family would like to thank all of our loyal customers that have been supporting us through out all the years in Revere. THANK YOU!!!! , Our liquor license hearing is today at 6:30pm at 831 mass ave downstairs. Please stop by to support us! , Our liquor license hearing is this coming up Tuesday 2/23 at 6:00 pm downstairs at 831 mass ave. Please come to show us support at our hearing. , Is picking out Kitchen equipments and Furniture for the new place, Fun yet sooo stressful!, has hired Natasha Stickney to be the new Manager at the new Floating Rock in Central Square. Please join us in congratulating the new boss lady of the Floating Rock., A MILLION THANKS to those who donated money to the Floating Rock to help feed the poor and elderlys in the country side of Cambodia when Pappa Sok went to home over Christmas. We raised over $2000 and helped over 40 families. Here's the list of names that made contribution to us. Our family at the Floating Rock and the... families in Cambodia thank you from the bottom of or hearts., New Floor Plan, Floating Rock will be closed Tuesday 12/15/09 through Tuesday 1/5/10, we will re-open Wednesday 1/6/10. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Thank you and have a safe and Happy Holidays!, Last nights Community Story and Poetry Sharing at Floating Rock was a huge success. We would like to thank everyone for stopping by and sharing your stories.Special thanks to Shirley and her class for putting together this event. It was very touching to see the next generation of Cambodians getting together to learn more about our past so that we can pass it on to future generations. Well Done!, Pappa Sok is off the the Motherland in search of new delicacies to add to our existing menu! We wish him a safe trip to Cambodia and a safe trip back home soon! A Million thanks to the friends and family of Floating Rock for helping us raise over $2,000 to help provide food for the starving elders in the country side of Cambodia., Community Story and Poetry Sharing
at Floating Rock Restaurant

 

Come hear and share stories about the Floating Rock
Restaurant and/or the Khmer American community in Revere. 

 

Bring and share an original photo taken in Revere. Top winner for best photo will win a
prize sponsored by Paitlin
 City., Coming Soon to Central Square, Floating Rock will be closed on Thanksgiving Day! Have a safe Holiday!, http://boston.grubstreet.com/2009/10/floating_rock_floating_to_cent.html, New Business Card, Almost ran out of Chow Foon today but thanks to Pappa Sok and his connects, all it took was one phone call and a truck load of Chow Foon noodles was delivered to us within 20 minutes. Thank you Pappa Sok!, Celebrity chef Joanne Chang of Myers & Chang was so inspired by our Tigers Tears salad that she now have her version of the Tigers Tears on her menu. 
http://www.boston.com/ae/food/restaurants/articles/2008/07/16/balancing_act_of_tastes_textures/, People on Yelp Loves US!!! Thank You!
http://www.yelp.com/biz/floating-rock-revere, BOSTON RESTAURANT TALK 10/13/09
http://bostonrestaurants.blogspot.com/2009/10/floating-rock-restaurant-moving-from.html, A Million thanks to everyone for their support of Floating Rocks new location. Thank you for helping to make this transition easy and less stressful for us. Can't wait to see everyone in Cambridge soon!, Restaurant Layout, New Floating Rock coming soon, 485 Mass Ave in Cambridge Central Square and we are now accepting applications for Hostess, Bartenders, waiters and busboys! Please message me if you are interested in any position., Just hired a contractor and an architect for 485 Mass Ave, baby steps......, In the process of negotiating a space at 485 Mass Ave in Cambrige Central Square!!!, null, null, null, Possible location for the New Floating Rock, Fanuel Hall or Harvard Square???, WORKING ON EXPANDING AND RELOCATING TO BOSTON!! SAME OWNER, SAME CHEFS BUT BIGGER AND BETTER WITH LATER HOURS!!!, The Floating Rock)