List(Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android, From now until April 30th, visit your local Menchie's Northeast Ohio and purchase a paw print to support the Cleveland APL., It’s the first Saturday of the month, so that means the APL’s Offsite Adoption Team will be at Southpark Mall in Strongsville today with adoptable dogs and cats from 11 am to 3 pm. 

Find them in Center Court across from the entrance to JC Penney on the first floor., Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Our friends from Sherwin-Williams Corporate Headquarters stopped by today with a wonderful truckload of donations! Thanks so much to everyone who helped collect items for the animals here at the APL!, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., We'd like to thank our friends Ellie and Jonah for stopping by today for dog treats and carrots for the rabbits!, Meet Sadie who is currently available for adoption with two of her kittens, Samantha and Staci!

This adorable family is FIV+, which means they live with a virus that can suppress their immune systems.  Most FIV+ cats live long, healthy, happy lives with proper care and regular vet visits. FIV can’t be spread to another cat by sharing water bowls, food, toys or litter boxes. The most common way to contract FIV is from a bite wound of an infected cat.  Mom to baby transmission can occur, but is a less common route.

Because of the playful nature of kittens, we’d love to see Sadie and her kittens either go home to loving families as only cats (or together in pairs!) or join other FIV+ cats. Come meet this precious family today!, Tickets are still available for “It’s Raining Catfish and Dogs!” Join us April 8th from 6-9 pm at the Greater Cleveland Aquarium for a wine tasting. Explore everything the Aquarium has to offer AND meet adoptable cats and dogs from the Cleveland APL. 

Reserve your tickets today and come out for some furry fun amongst the fishes!, Meet Herman, a 3-year-old Terrier, American Pit Bull mix and one of our Pets of the Week! This sweet guy has been patiently waiting for his new family to take him home. Come visit Herman today and see for yourself just how great a dog he is!, T-shirt sales end tonight at midnight! 

If you haven't gotten yours yet, this is your final chance to get a Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl t-shirt and join the fun. T-shirts guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials, so make sure to get yours today!

 Visit www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com for more information., null, Have you met Cassie and Mugsy yet? This sweet pair is still waiting for a wonderful home. Come meet this lovable duo today!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? 

Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Meet Snaggles and Herman, our Pets of the Week! Herman is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Snaggles is waiting to meet his future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, Thanks to popular demand, Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl t-shirt sales have been extended until Wednesday, March 30th!

Don't miss out on Cleveland's biggest bar crawl and a wonderful opportunity to support the Cleveland APL!

Visit www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com for more information., Remi's puppies have all found homes but this sweet lady is still waiting for her new family to come along! Can you help this wonder dog find her dream home? Visit Remi today!, Today's the last day to get your Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirt! If you haven't done so yet, get yours right now! You don't want to miss out on this fun event. T-shirts guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials, so make sure to get yours today!

Visit http://www.freshbrewedtees.com/…/cleveland-animal-bar-crawl… to purchase your Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirt and help support the Cleveland APL!, UPDATE: BC was adopted today and is doing well! Thank you to everyone who shared BC and helped this sweet kitty find a home. We have many other senior cats who are waiting on loving homes here at the Cleveland APL. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/ to meet some of our other sweet senior cats!

Meet BC, a sweet, 20-year-old cat who came to us recently. He has something he'd like to say to all of our Facebook friends.

"Hey there! I'm BC, and as you might have noticed, I'm a SUPER senior cat! I was surrendered because my owner had to go live in a nursing home and now I'm looking for my own retirement community to spend the rest of my days. 

"Despite my age, I'm friendly and don't seem to be in any pain. I just want a quiet home and a little spot of sunshine to take my cat naps in. Will you give this old cat a happy ending? 

"Because the nice folks here at the Cleveland Animal Protective League really want to see me find a home soon, I have a reduced adoption fee. Call the APL's adoptions desk at 216-771-4616 x0 to learn more about me!" #MeowMonday, Meet Lucky, a 6-year-old Maine Coon mix who is waiting for a wonderful home at our adoption center in Tremont. This sweet lap cat enjoys to play and would love to go home with a family today! Come visit Lucky. #MeowMonday, Tomorrow's your last day to purchase your t-shirts to Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl! T-shirts guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials, so make sure to get yours today!

Visit http://www.freshbrewedtees.com/products/cleveland-animal-bar-crawl-t-shirt to purchase your Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirt and help support the Cleveland APL!, The Cleveland APL will be closed today. But, you can still visit our animals at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart®!, Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on April 9th! T-shirt sales end on 3/28 so make sure to buy yours this weekend!

Visit http://www.freshbrewedtees.com/products/cleveland-animal-bar-crawl-t-shirt to get yours today!, Join the Cleveland APL Off Site Adoptions team April 8th at the Greater Cleveland Aquarium for Adult Swim: It’s Raining Catfish and Dogs!

Meet adoptable animals, learn more about the APL from our volunteers and enjoy the Greater Cleveland Aquarium, all while tasting wine samples!

Visit http://bit.ly/1OcXwsG to get your tickets!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Rocky is a sweet, 12-year-old Siamese cat and is the most recent recipient of the Cleveland APL’s Fountain of Youth Award! Visit Rocky at our adoption center in Tremont today., Have you gotten your shirt for the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl yet? Shirt sales end on 3/28, so make sure to get yours today before it's too late!

Visit http://www.freshbrewedtees.com/products/cleveland-animal-bar-crawl-t-shirt to purchase your shirt., null, The dogs at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart® had a big play group today! Meet Harbor, Bonnie, Stella, Princess (who was just adopted), Kisa, Charlie, (Harbor, again) and Bailey! 

Visit our adoption center at the Parma PetSmart® to meet these wonderful dogs!, UPDATE: Wendy has been found!

Wendy, a 1-year-old Retriever mix who was adopted from us recently has gone missing. She jumped the fence from her North Olmsted home this morning. She has her collar and her ID on but is still missing. If you happen to be in the North Olmsted area and see her, please let us know! Let's help Wendy get back to her family.

Update: She was last seen yesterday (Saturday, 3-26) morning in North Olmsted on Mitchell and Westview Drive, in the same housing complex where she was lost.  Also, she does NOT have her collar on as she slipped it when she got away.  If seen, please call her owners at 440-512-1305., We'd like to thank Girl Scout Troop 7032 for stopping by today and making a wonderful donation! Thanks for caring about our animals!, The Lake Erie Monsters invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the 8th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, April 10, 2016. The Monsters will be playing the Rochester Americans, and faceoff is at 5 p.m.

The APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, please mention the APL when you order your tickets over the phone, or visit http://groups.theqarena.com/apl to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!, There's only one week left to buy you Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl t-shirt! Sales end on 3/28.

Purchasing a t-shirt guarantees you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. The best part is proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

Visit www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com to learn more and buy your shirts today!, Yen and Yang would like to wish everyone a wonderful National Puppy Day. We'd love to see how cute your dog was when it was a puppy!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Meet Georgia, Mugsy and Cassie, our Pets of the Week! Mugsy and Cassie are waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Georgia is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! Click to learn more about our Pets of the Week!

To find out more about our Pets of the Week, visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Remi, a 2-year-old Staffordshire Terrier mix, is still waiting for her new family to come and take her home! See for yourself just how amazing this dog is., Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for!

https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Meet Georgia, a sweet 5-year-old cat who is looking for a loving home at our PetSmart® Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®. Meet Georgia today! #MeowMonday, Do you think your pet is a star? Interested in having your pet in our 2017 calendar?

Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., It’s back again!

The Lake Erie Monsters invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the 8th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, April 10, 2016. The Monsters will be playing the Rochester Americans, and faceoff is at 5 p.m.

The APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, please mention the APL when you order your tickets over the phone, or visit http://groups.theqarena.com/apl to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!, Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android, Come meet some of our adorable adoptables at the Beachwood Place Moochie & Co. today from noon – 3 pm! To find out which dogs will be there, just look for those listed as “Offsite” on https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, null, Thank you to everyone who has donated to the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon presented by Levin Furniture!

If you would still like to donate, you can do so online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media, We'd like to thank Levin Furniture for not only sponsoring this year's #FurGetMeNot Telethon but also for volunteering for our final phone bank slot!

There's only 1.5 more hours to call in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon. Make sure to make your donation tonight! 

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media to make your donation!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

In honor of our #FurGetMeNot Telethon today, our adoption center in Tremont is open until 8 p.m., so there's still a chance to stop by and meet your new family member!, Bailey, a 2-year-old Boxer mix, was brought to the Cleveland APL by a Good Samaritan who witnessed her owner kicking her in the street. Thankfully, they knew that the APL would be a safe place for Bailey to find a new home.

Make sure to call 216-566-PETS (7387) or visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media to make a donation to the #FurGetMeNot Telethon, Meet Cassie and Mugsy, our 10-year-old odd couple who are looking for a family to go home with together. These best friends were brought in by our Humane Investigations team which is funded by donations!

Donations like yours will help to protect the animals in our community. Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media to donate to the #FurGetMeNot Telethon!, Trooper is a 2-year-old Hound mix who was transferred to the Cleveland APL from another shelter. It is because of your donations that we are able to help animals on their road to adoption!

Call 866-392-PETS (7387) or visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media to make a donation to the #FurGetMeNot Telethon, We'd love to thank VCA Animal Hospitals for helping to support this year's #FurGetMeNot Telethon and for volunteering for our phone banks this morning!

It is thanks to your donations that the Cleveland APL is able to take care of so many animals! Please call 216-566-PETS (7387) or visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media to donate today!, Hollie Giangreco and Michael Cardamone stopped by today to help spread the word about WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNot Telethon presented by Levin Furniture!

By calling 216-566-PETS (7387) today, you can help all of the wonderful animals that come through our doors. You can also donate by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media, Thanks to La Bodega in Tremont and Aladdin's Eatery for the wonderful food donations! After answering so many awesome calls, our phone bank volunteers deserve a few treats!

Make sure to call in to the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon to make a donation. Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media to make an online donation!, Chance, a 1-year-old Dalmatian, Terrier mix was surrendered to the Cleveland PAL with the help of our Humane Investigations team because his owner had too many dogs. It is because of your donations that our Humane Investigations team can help protect the animals in our community. 

Please call our line and make a donation to the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon presented by Levin Furniture at 216-566-PETS (7387) or go to https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media, We'd like to thank Ghostbusters: Cleveland for stopping by yesterday to make a donation. Mugsy and Cassie said "I ain't afraid of no ghosts" because of their new friends., Sadie, a 1-year-old cat, was very pregnant when she was brought to us. She was sent to spend time with one of our wonderful foster family to give birth. She and her four adorable kittens came back to visit us for WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon.

Your donation today would help us take care of animals like Sadie and her family while they stay with foster families in preparation to be adopted. #FosterFriday

Call 866-392-PETS (7387) today to donate or donate online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont today to adopt your new best friend!  In honor of WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon, the APL will be open from 8am until 8pm.

All adult cats (3 year and over) will be available for adoption for $30. Select dogs will also be available for $30 OFF their adoption fees. (Regular adoption fees are $45 for cats and start at $95 for dogs)

And remember to call 216-566-PETS  (7387) to donate. Or donate online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland+APL+Social+Media, Thanks to Starbucks on Clifton Rd. in Cleveland and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts in Middleburgh Heights for donating coffee and doughnuts today! It was the perfect way for our phone bank volunteers to start their day.

Remember to make a call and donate today during our #FurGetMeNot Telethon. 216-566-PETS (7387)

Or donate online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, 4-month-old Mr. Smith was brought to us when a Good Samaritan found him thrown from a car on MLK Drive. Thankfully, the person knew that he could be brought to the Cleveland APL in order to find a loving home. Now this Great Dane, Labrador mix is looking for his future home!

Your donation today could help the many animals in our care, like Mr. Smith. Call (216)566-PETS (7387) today!

Or donate online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Meet Coco, a 10-year-old dog who was brought to the Cleveland APL because her owner was moving and could not bring her. This sweet senior dog is waiting for a loving home! Come meet her today.

To make a donation, call 216-566-PETS (7387) or donate online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Tune in to the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon now! Call 866-392-PETS (7387) to donate now!

Donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Today is the day of the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #FurGetMeNot Telethon, presented by Levin Furniture. Make sure to tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland from 5 a.m. - 7:30 p.m. and call between those hours to make a donation! We will be posting live from the Telethon all day long, so stay tuned to our Facebook page, Twitter feed at @ClevelandAPL, and Instagram at @ClevelandAPL all day long!

You can donate before Telethon even begins by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Make sure to tune in!

The 5th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Levin Furniture, will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland tomorrow, March 18, from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year.

https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon, Mugsy, Cassie and our Adoptions team would all like to wish you a happy "St. Pitty's Day"! Make sure to visit our visit our adoption center in Tremont today or tomorrow and adopt one of our select pitties at our specially reduced St. Pitty’s Day fee of $30 off their adoption fees., Angela has shown amazing dedication to one of the ‘dirty jobs’ here at the Cleveland APL: bathing animals!

It is because of the many ways Angela helps our animals on their roads to adoption that we'd like to nominate Angela DeMuesy for Hill’s Pet Nutrition's #HillsShelterHeroes Contest., Tomorrow is “St. Pitty’s Day” at the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Pit bull type dogs may have been given a bad rap, but there are notable representatives of these dogs that prove that everything you hear about these sweet goofs isn’t true. The Cleveland APL hopes to prove this St. Pitty’s Day, just how wonderful these dogs can be!

Visit our adoption center in Tremont on Thursday, March 17 – Friday, March 18 and adopt one of our select pitties at our specially reduced St. Pitty’s Day fee of $30 off their adoption fees., We'd like to thank the St. Lukes Boys & Girls Club of Cleveland for stopping by today with donations and books to read to our animals!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Meet Octavia, a 4-year-old Boxer/Terrier mix who is looking for her new best friend! This active girl would make a wonderful work out buddy for an outdoor enthusiast. She loves to get out and play! Visit Octavia today!, Meet Paris and Mugsy, our Pets of the Week! Mugsy is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Paris is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., The 5th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Levin Furniture, will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this Friday, March 18 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year. 

https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon, Today is National Napping Day, and 10-year-old Flower wants to remind you that the ultimate nap is a cat nap! Is your pet enjoying National Napping Day, too? #MeowMonday, Say 'hello' to Mr. Fluffbottom, a 3-year-old cat who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont! This cute guy was the nicest stray on the block and now it's time to find him a nice, loving home.#MeowMonday, It’s back again!

The Lake Erie Monsters invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the 8th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, April 10, 2016. The Monsters will be playing the Rochester Americans, and faceoff is at 5 p.m.

The APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, please mention the APL when you order your tickets over the phone, or visit http://groups.theqarena.com/apl to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!, Want an adorable picture of your pets with the Easter Bunny this year?

Bring your pet to South Park Mall in the Center Court on tonight from 7:00 p.m. – 9: 00 pm for a picture! 10% of all photo sales on pet photo night will benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

For more information, visit http://events.q104.cbslocal.com/strongsville/events/pet-photos-easter-bunny-/E0-001-091403609-5., Want an adorable picture of your pets with the Easter Bunny this year?

Bring your pet to South Park Mall in the Center Court tomorrow, Sunday, March 13th from 7:00 p.m. – 9: 00 pm for a picture! 10% of all photo sales on pet photo night will benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

For more information, visit http://events.q104.cbslocal.com/strongsville/events/pet-photos-easter-bunny-/E0-001-091403609-5., Join our Offsite Adoption Team at Landmark Lawn & Garden Supply in Westlake from 11 am to 3 pm today. Come and pick up your spring garden supplies, purchase pet food, or find a new four-legged family member to take home!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, We'd like to thank the from Girl Scout Troop 90822 in Hinckley for donating rice socks for 'kitten season' and this adorable poster!, Have you heard about Shali yet? Right now, she's waiting in a foster home for the right family to adopt her and help her manage her Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency. You can call our Adoptions team for more information and to schedule a meeting with her. #FosterFriday, This Saturday, join our Offsite Adoption Team at Landmark Lawn & Garden Supply in Westlake from 11 am to 3 pm. Come and pick up your spring garden supplies, purchase pet food, or find a new four-legged family member to take home!, Meet Rocky, a sweet 7-year-old Retriever mix. Don't let his age fool you, this handsome guy is young at heart and loves a good chance to play outside! Come visit Rocky at our adoption center in Tremont today., Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android, Are you looking for a fun project for kids that can also help benefit animals at the Cleveland APL? Look no further!

We are in need of some basic supplies before kittens start arriving in the spring! One thing that families and kids can do to help is make heating pads for the kittens by making rice socks. Rice socks are used in our shelter and our many foster homes for orphan and neonatal kittens. Kittens need this heat to survive and thrive – heat is essential to ensuring kittens are healthy! The best part, all you need are socks and rice!

Follow this link to learn how to make a rice sock and help make our #WishListWednesday wishes come true. We only ask that instead of a ribbon, you simply tie the rice sock to help keep the kittens safe and away from small parts. http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Rice-Sock., The last of Remi's litter might be going home today! She wanted to give Chamuel a few words of advice before he went with his new family. Now, this sweet momma is ready to find a loving home of her own! Come visit Remi today., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Meet Kisa and Benny, our Pets of the Week! Benny is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Kisa is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, Remember Bea and her kittens who were found in our feral colony at the end of January? Here's a picture of them after they came back to the shelter late last week!

They all made a trip out to Southpark Mall on Saturday with our Offsite Adoptions team and many of the kittens have already found homes! Bea is still looking for a loving home, as well as one more kitten. 

Keep an eye on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to see when they're available and to view all of the wonderful animals we have for adoption!, Want an adorable picture of your pets with the Easter Bunny this year?

Bring your pet to South Park Mall in the Center Court on Sunday, March 13th from 7:00 p.m. – 9: 00 pm for a picture! 10% of all photo sales on pet photo night will benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Visit http://events.q104.cbslocal.com/strongsville/events/pet-photos-easter-bunny-/E0-001-091403609-5 for more information., We'd like to thank our friends at The Keep It Local Project who stopped by today with wonderful rice socks for to help keep kittens warm this spring! 

Last year, we ran out of rice socks because we had so many kittens needing our help. Would you like to help ensure that we have enough to make it through ‘kitten season’ this year?

Follow this link to learn how to make rice socks, too! We only ask that instead of a ribbon, you simply tie the rice sock to help keep the kittens safe and away from small parts. http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Rice-Sock., Meet Moma, a 4-year-old cat who is waiting for her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart®. This pretty girl loves a bit of quality time and having her head and neck rubbed. Visit Moma today! #MeowMonday, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., It’s back again! 

The Lake Erie Monsters invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the 8th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, April 10, 2016. The Monsters will be playing the Rochester Americans, and faceoff is at 5 p.m. 

The APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, please mention the APL when you order your tickets over the phone, or visit http://groups.theqarena.com/apl to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!, Want an adorable picture of your pets with the Easter Bunny this year?

Bring your pet to South Park Mall in the Center Court on Sunday, March 13th from 7:00 p.m. – 9: 00 pm for a picture! 10% of all photo sales on pet photo night will benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Visit http://events.q104.cbslocal.com/strongsville/events/pet-photos-easter-bunny-/E0-001-091403609-5  for more information., Join the APL’s Offsite Adoption Team for our monthly visit to Southpark Mall today from 11 am to 3 pm. To find out which dogs and cats will be available for adoption there, visit the Adoptable Animals page on our website and look for the purple tab that says “Offsite”! 

https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Today our friends Kristen Firchko from Levin Furniture and Joe Cronauer from WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland stopped by to film in preparation for our Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon!

Be sure to save the date for the 5th Annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland on Friday, March 18 from 5:00 am - 7:30 pm!, The 5th Annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland on Friday, March 18 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year. 

https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Ranger, a 10-year-old Norwegian Elkhound mix, came to the Cleveland Animal Protective League more than a little overweight. In December, he was sent to a foster home in order to begin his New Year’s Resolution, starting off at 97 pounds.

Ranger’s fosters started right away on his weight-loss program, which included two long walks a day (about 30-45 minutes each) and Hill’s Pet Nutrition Science Diet Adult. When he returned to the shelter, ready to find his new family, Ranger was down to 80 pounds after only 7 weeks on his program thanks to the dedication of his amazing foster family!

Not only had Ranger lost weight while with his foster family, his mood changed too! When he came back to the APL for adoption, Ranger was happier, spunkier and remembered just how much fun it is to play fetch and soccer. Twenty pounds lighter and less than a week after being back at the shelter, Ranger was adopted!
Thanks to Ranger’s wonderful foster family for everything they did on Ranger’s journey to adoption. #FosterFriday #HillsShelterPets #HillsFoodShelterLove, Meet Bonnie and Clyde, a pair of 1-year-old Mountain Cur mixes, who are looking for a loving home to take them together! This adorable pair does everything together and with a bit of time are willing to share their attention with the perfect human., We'd like to thank our friends Andrew, Sam and Henry for stopping by today with some wonderful gifts for the animals. They were so sweet to ask all of their friends to bring gifts for the animals as their birthday gifts this year!, Tonight, join guest bartenders from the Cleveland Animal Protective League at Thorncreek Winery and Gardens. Sharon Harvey, President and CEO of the Cleveland APL, along with David Thorn, owner of ThornCreek Winery, will be behind the bar serving up drinks and sharing their success stories of adopting out, protecting and loving all animals. All tips and donations received from 6pm – 9pm will be donated to support the tireless work of the Cleveland APL.

Join us at 155 Treat Road in Aurora to help make a difference in the lives of homeless and abused animals in our community. Together, we can have some fun, enjoy each other’s company, and support the APL’s mission of fostering compassion and ending animal suffering., Meet Shali, an adorable 7-year-old Shepherd mix who is waiting for a wonderful home that can provide her with the care and love she needs. 

To find out more about Shalimar, visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30324590&location=Foster, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., UPDATE: Thank you everyone for all of your help and support in finding Royce. We are so happy to say that he is finally back safe and sound! Thank you again for sharing the post and for everyone who kept an eye out for this sweet dog!

Royce, a 2-year-old Shih Tzu mix, was being transferred to our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart® today when he slipped past our staff. He ran off and staff lost sight of him in the area of Ridge Road and Sun Vista Dr. in Parma near Stearns Homestead around 9:30 this morning. Royce is a bit timid when he first meets people. If you happen to be in the area, please keep an eye out for him for us!, Thorncreek Winery and Gardens is pleased to host guest bartenders from the Cleveland Animal Protective League on Thursday, March 3. Sharon Harvey, President and CEO of the Cleveland APL, along with David Thorn, owner of ThornCreek Winery, will be behind the bar serving up drinks and sharing their success stories of adopting out, protecting and loving all animals. All tips and donations received from 6pm – 9pm will be donated to support the tireless work of the Cleveland APL.

Join us at 155 Treat Road in Aurora to help make a difference in the lives of homeless and abused animals in our community. Together, we can have some fun, enjoy each other’s company, and support the APL’s mission of fostering compassion and ending animal suffering., Our dogs would like to thank the Gulf Coast Humane Society for donating so many wonderful coats and sweaters! Minnie, Mugsy and Mahna Mahna could not wait to try theirs on., Today is National Peanut Butter Lover's Day! Mugsy definitely gives this holiday his own stamp of approval. What do your dogs think?, Meet Georgia and Nena, our Pets of the Week! Nena is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Georgia is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, Want an adorable picture of your pets with the Easter Bunny this year?

Bring your pet to South Park Mall in the Center Court on Sunday, March 13th from 7:00 p.m. – 9: 00 pm for a picture! 10% of all photo sales on pet photo night will benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Visit http://events.q104.cbslocal.com/strongsville/events/pet-photos-easter-bunny-/E0-001-091403609-5 for more information., Are you looking for a fun project for kids and families that can also help benefit animals at the Cleveland APL? Look no further!

We are in need of some basic supplies before kittens start arriving in the spring! One thing that families and kids can do to help is make heating pads for the kittens by making rice socks. Rice socks are used in our shelter and our many foster homes for orphan and neonatal kittens. Kittens need this heat to survive and thrive – heat is essential to ensuring kittens are healthy! The best part, all you need are socks and rice!

Last year, we ran out of rice socks because we had so many kittens needing our help. Can you help ensure that we have enough to make it through ‘kitten season’ this year?

Follow this link to learn how to make a rice sock. We only ask that instead of a ribbon, you simply tie the rice sock to help keep the kittens safe and away from small parts. http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Rice-Sock., Meet Jynx, a 5-year-old cat, and his best friend Jacob, a 1-year-old cat, who are waiting for a loving family to take them both home! They love cuddling and can't wait to add a human into their cuddle piles. Come meet this adorable duo today. #MeowMonday, Meet Bo, a 9-year-old cat who is looking for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Come visit this adorable kitty today! #MeowMonday, Do you think your pet is a star? Interested in having your pet in our 2017 calendar? Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Today is your final day to vote for your favorite pet!

Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads, plus their owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

From your computer, visit http://on.fb.me/1VMq1hn or Levin Furniture's Facebook page and click on the 'Contests' tab at the top and vote for your favorite today!, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Vote for your favorite pet today!

Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads, plus their owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

There are only few days left for voting! From your computer, visit http://on.fb.me/1VMq1hn or Levin Furniture's Facebook page and click on the 'Contests' tab at the top and vote for your favorite today!, The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Want an adorable picture of your pets with the Easter Bunny this year?

Bring your pet to South Park Mall in the Center Court on Sunday, March 13th from 7:00 p.m. – 9: 00 pm for a picture! 10% of all photo sales on pet photo night will benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Visit https://www.facebook.com/events/180015985707591/ for more information., Meet Cadet, a 3-year-old labrador mix and our Pet of the Week! He stopped by our meeting today to show off his new halo donated by Second Chances for Blind Dogs. Its only his second day with the halo so he's still getting used to it, but Cadet wants you all to know that being blind doesnt stop his adventurous spirit. Come visit Cadet today!, We'd like to thank our friend Charlotte for bringing in some amazing gifts from our Wish List yesterday! We absolutely love it when young animal lovers decide to help out., Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android, We'd like to thank Victoria and everyone at the Young Professionals Business Resource Group for stopping by with an extremely generous donation today!, Everyone here at the Cleveland Animal Protective League, both people and animals, would like to wish Dick Goddard a very happy birthday today! Thanks for all of you've done to support the animals here. We look forward to seeing you on September 22nd for the 2nd Annual Dick Goddard's APL Telethon!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., For World Spay Day, we're proud to share our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) Program has sterilized and returned nearly 36,000 cats thanks to the community and our funders! 

Did you know that TNR is the only proven method that is both humane and effective at controlling the feral cat population? Each cat that goes through our program is humanely trapped, given vaccinations, spayed or neutered, then returned back to the area it was trapped in. TNR is effective at reducing the 'nuisance' behaviors associated with large groups of cats, some of those being fighting, yowling, spraying, and having up to three litters a year!

If you would like to learn more about our Trap-Neuter-Return Program, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/ #WorldSpayDay, Meet Bella and Cadet, our Pets of the Week! Cadet is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Bella is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ for more information!, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for!

https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Thank you so much to our friend Madison who stopped by with some wonderful homemade toys and treats for the animals at the Cleveland APL!, Meet Milley, a 7-year-old Calico cat currently waiting for a loving home in foster. If you would like to meet this fun kitty, please contact our Adoptions Desk for more information! #MeowMonday, Do you constantly post pictures of your pet on Facebook? Here's your opportunity to get more people to see your pet's adorable face!

Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads, plus their owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

Today's the last day to enter! From your computer, visit http://on.fb.me/1VMq1hn or Levin Furniture's Facebook page and click on the 'Contests' tab at the top and enter today!, Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android., The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., Hera is a 1-yr-old Shepherd/Boxer mix who was transferred in to the shelter, along with her babies, from the Cleveland City Kennels in early January. The family stayed at the shelter for about a week before heading out to an incredible foster home. There they have spent the last 5 weeks growing big, fat, and happy! They will be ready for adoption in 2-4 weeks. #FosterFriday

If you would like to help Hera's puppies and the MANY other pups we currently have in foster care, we are in desperate need of PUPPY PADS which can be found on our Amazon Wish List here http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Please keep an eye on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to see when Hera's puppies are ready for adoption or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android. Simply search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all our adoptable animals.

If you are interested in becoming a foster for the Cleveland APL please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/foster-care/ to learn more., We're thrilled by your overwhelming response to our request for new beds. Thank you to everyone who donated a Kuranda bed to us! We got all that we wanted and more thanks to all of your support. Our dogs truly appreciate all the help!, Celia Cruz is a 3.5-yr-old Rat Terrier mix who came to us at the extreme end of her pregnancy in early January. She was so close to giving birth that she actually went into labor in the Animal Admissions Lobby of the shelter! She and her pups have been living in a fantastic foster home since the day after their birth! They are tiny little fluff balls who will be staying in their current foster home until they are ready for adoption. #FosterFriday

If you would like to help Celia Cruz's puppies and the MANY other pups we currently have in foster care, we are in desperate need of PUPPY PADS which can be found on our Amazon Wish List here http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Please keep an eye on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/…/adoptable-anim…/canine-adoptions/ to see when Celia Cruz's puppies are ready for adoption or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android. Simply search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all our adoptable animals.

If you are interested in becoming a foster for the Cleveland APL please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/foster-care/ to learn more., Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Cranberry is a 3-yr-old, small Staffordshire Terrier mix who was transferred in to the shelter from the Cuyahoga County Kennel in early January. She was very pregnant and within days of arriving at the shelter, she had 7 little pups. She soon after went to a foster home where she and her babies have been living the life of luxury for the last 5 weeks. The puppies should be up for adoption in 2-4 weeks. #FosterFriday

If you'd like to help Cranberry's puppies and the many other pups we currently have in foster care, we are in desperate need of PUPPY PADS which can be found on our Amazon Wish List here http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Please keep an eye on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to see when Cranberry's puppies are ready for adoption or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android. Simply search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all our adoptable animals.

If you are interested in becoming a foster for the Cleveland APL please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/foster-care/ to learn more., Seeta is a 1.5-yr-old Border Collie mix who was transferred in to the shelter, along with her babies, from the Cleveland City Kennels in late January. A loving foster home was found who took in the family of eight and have been showering them with love for the last three weeks. The puppies will stay in foster with their mom for another three weeks, after which they will be weaned and sent to new foster homes to get just a little bigger. They will be up for adoption in 4-6 weeks. #FosterFriday

If you would like to help Seeta's puppies and the MANY other pups we currently have in foster care, we are in desperate need of PUPPY PADS which can be found on our Amazon Wish List here http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Please keep an eye on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/…/adoptable-anim…/canine-adoptions/ to see when Seeta's puppies are ready for adoption or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android. Simply search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all our adoptable animals.

If you are interested in becoming a foster for the Cleveland APL please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/foster-care/ to learn more., Remi is a 2-yr-old Staffordshire Terrier mix who came to us as an owner relinquish back in mid-December. Upon intake, we could see that she was VERY pregnant and almost ready to drop her puppies. One of our amazing foster families agreed to take her home and let her have the puppies there. Remi gave birth to her puppies on Christmas morning. The foster home promptly named them after the archangels due to their very timely birth. Her pups are now 8 weeks old and some of them will most likely be up for adoption next week. #FosterFriday

If you would like to help Remi's puppies and the MANY other pups we currently have in foster care, we are in desperate need of PUPPY PADS which can be found on our Amazon Wish List here http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Please keep an eye on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to see when Remi's Archangel puppies are ready for adoption or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android. Simply search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all our adoptable animals.

If you are interested in becoming a foster for the Cleveland APL please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/foster-care/ to learn more., There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for!

https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, The animals at the Cleveland APL are helping with a fun giveaway for a chance to win THE LION GUARD: RETURN OF THE ROAR! Enter here, available on DVD February 23 - http://tinyurl.com/zkwwly9

About THE LION GUARD: RETURN OF THE ROAR

Meet Kion, second-born cub of Simba and Nala, as he assumes the role of leader of “The Lion Guard,” an elite team of animals tasked with preserving the Pride Lands. Follow him as he assembles a group of unlikely heroes: Bunga the honey badger, Fuli the cheetah, Beshte the hippo and Ono the egret. Join them on a thrilling adventure as they use their unique abilities to defend the Pride Lands from predators and maintain balance within the Circle of Life. Bursting with humor, music, beloved characters and heart, The Lion Guard: Return Of The Roar is a must-own for the entire family!

View all of our wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/., Do you constantly post pictures of your pet on Facebook?  Here's your opportunity to get more people to see your pet's adorable face! 

Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads, plus their owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

There are only four days left to enter! From your computer, visit http://on.fb.me/1VMq1hn or Levin Furniture's Facebook page and click on the 'Contests' tab at the top and enter today!, This #WishListWednesday, we could use more PUPPY PADS! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we're currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Thanks to Julie from Sweet Designs Chocolatier for stopping by today with delicious treats for the animals and humans at the APL in honor of Random Acts of Kindness Day. Her kindness was appreciated by everyone here!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Do you think your pet is a star? Interested in having your pet in our 2017 calendar? Take advantage of the snow and maybe your pet can be next year's Mister or Miss January!

Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Meet bitty and Solomon, our Pets of the Week! Solomon is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while bitty is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! Click to learn more about our Pets of the Week!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

Enter any time between now and February 21st at http://on.fb.me/1VMq1hn. Or visit Levin Furniture's Facebook page and click on the 'Contests' tab at the top!, The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., Are you looking for a fun project for kids and families that can also help benefit animals at the Cleveland APL? Look no further!

We are in need of some basic supplies before kittens start arriving in the spring! One thing that families and kids can do to help is make heating pads for the kittens by making rice socks. Rice socks are used in our shelter and our many foster homes for orphan and neonatal kittens. Kittens need this heat to survive and thrive – heat is essential to ensuring kittens are healthy! The best part, all you need are socks and rice!

Last year, we ran out of rice socks because we had so many kittens needing our help. Can you help ensure that we have enough to make it through ‘kitten season’ this year?

Follow this link to learn how to make a rice sock. We only ask that instead of a ribbon, you simply tie the rice sock to help keep the kittens safe and away from small parts. http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Rice-Sock., Meet Basil a sweet 9-year-old cat. Basil is a bit shy at first and would appreciate a home that would let him come out of his shell in his own time. #MeowMonday

To learn more about this sweet guy, visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30713716&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Georgia, a sweet 5-year-old cat who is looking for a loving home at our PetSmart® Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®. Meet Georgia today!, Love is in the air at the Cleveland APL!  Why?  Because our volunteers provide their TLC (tender loving care) for our animals every day at the Cleveland APL!, Meet Riley, this bachelorette is so excited to have the chance to fall in love this Valentine's Day weekend. She is an sweet 4-year-old Terrier, Pit Bull mix who is waiting for the perfect person to accept her rose and take her home. Come meet Riley and our other bachelor and bachelorette pets this weekend!

Visit the Cleveland APL today, Sunday, February 14 and adopt one of our bachelor or bachelorette cats at our specially reduced cat adoption fees of $5 for cats over 5 years old or those who have been at the Cleveland APL for 5 weeks or longer. Or adopt one of our SELECT, long-term bachelor and bachelorette dogs at our specially reduced fee of $50., We LOVE our Cleveland APL volunteers!  They make happiness happen every day at the Cleveland APL through their efforts of kindness and compassion., Meet Roxy, this bachelorette is so excited to have the chance to fall in love this Valentine's Day weekend. She is an affectionate 3-year-old Terrier, Pit Bull mix who loves attention and is waiting
 for the perfect person to accept her rose and take her home. Come meet Roxy and our other bachelor and bachelorette pets this weekend!

Visit the Cleveland APL between Friday, February 12 and Sunday, February 14 and adopt one of our bachelor or bachelorette cats at our specially reduced cat adoption fees of $5 for cats over 5 years old or those who have been at the Cleveland APL for 5 weeks or longer. Or adopt one of our SELECT, long-term bachelor and bachelorette dogs at our specially reduced fee of $50., Join the Cleveland APL’s Offsite Adoption Team for a family-friendly Valentine's Day celebration at the Great Lakes Science Center today from 11 am to 3 pm. Your family will be “Smitten with Science” while learning how to write secret love notes, uncovering the science of (magnetic) attraction, creating your very own "cupid" crossbow, and possibly meet your new true (4-legged) love!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, We have some really amazing fosters here at the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Today, we'd like to particularly thank Missy's foster family for all they did to help her on her road to adoption! #FosterFriday

If you’re interested in being a foster, visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-res…/foster-care/ and sign up for a foster orientation!, Thanks for the amazing support today! Here are some pictures from the last few stops our puppies made to Benesch Law and the Cleveland Botanical Garden. #UberPUPPIES, There's only 25 minutes left to request #UberPUPPIES! Here are a few of our pup's latest stops -- Case Western Reserve University's Alumni Center, Moody Nolan and UG Genetics Labratory., These puppies really have been getting around today! They've even made some new friends at JumpStart Inc., UBS Financial Services, HSB Architects + Engineers and Cleveland State University! Where will Uber take them next?

Keep refreshing your Uber app to try and get them at your office! #UberPUPPIES, Meet Pixie, this bachelorette is so excited to have the chance to fall in love this Valentine's Day weekend. She is a sweet 14-year-old cat who is waiting for the perfect person to accept her rose and take her home. Come meet Pixie and our other bachelor and bachelorette cats this weekend!

Visit the Cleveland APL between Friday, February 12 and Sunday, February 14 and adopt one of our bachelor or bachelorette cats at our specially reduced cat adoption fees of $5 for cats over 5 years old or those who have been at the Cleveland APL for 5 weeks or longer. Or adopt one of our SELECT, long-term bachelor and bachelorette dogs at our specially reduced fee of $50., The puppies have already shared some puppy love with the cleveland.com office as well as an office at Case Western Reserve University! We wonder where they'll be headed next with Uber. 

Try and get them to visit your office by checking your Uber app and requesting PUPPIES. #UberPUPPIES, It's time! Our puppies are all snuggled up and ready for their visits today with Uber. Try and get some puppy love today! #UberPUPPIES

HOW IT WORKS: https://newsroom.uber.com/us-ohio/clebuspups16/, From 11 am to 3 pm today, Uber users in Cleveland will be able to push a button and get some puppy love! All puppies will be provided by the Cleveland Animal Protective League and chaperoned by both a shelter and Uber representative at every stop. For just a $30 “snuggle fee,” Clevelanders will get 15 minutes of puppy playtime and Uber will in turn support the Cleveland Animal Protective League. #UberPUPPIES

HOW IT WORKS: https://newsroom.uber.com/us-ohio/clebuspups16/, This Friday, from 11am to 3pm #UberPUPPIES will be available in Cleveland! Uber has partnered with the Cleveland Animal Protective League to bring a little Pre-Valentine’s Day love while raising awareness for pet adoption and shelter animals across our city.

For more information on how to request a puppy visit tomorrow, go to https://newsroom.uber.com/us-ohio/clebuspups16/., Do you feel like you have extra love to give? Are you thinking that you could do with a few more cuddles this Valentine’s Day weekend? If so, you should make your way to the Cleveland Animal Protective League and offer one of our many bachelors or bachelorettes ‘a rose,’ or better yet – a home.

Visit one of our adoption centers on Friday, February 12 - Sunday, February 14 and adopt one of our bachelor or bachelorette cats at our specially reduced cat adoption fees of $5 for cats over 5 years old or those who have been at the Cleveland APL for 5 weeks or longer. Or adopt one of our SELECT, long-term bachelor and bachelorette dogs at our specially reduced fee of $50. Adoption centers are located at the Cleveland APL on 1729 Willey Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland and the Parma PetSmart® on Ridge Road. (Regular adoption fees are $45 for cats and start at $95 for dogs.)

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/the-bachelors-and-bachelorettes-of-the-cleveland-apl/, The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL.

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective  League, up to a goal of $2,000.

Enter any time between now and February 21st at http://on.fb.me/1VMq1hn. Or visit Levin Furniture's Facebook page and click on the 'Contests' tab at the top!, Do you feel like you have extra love to give? Are you thinking that you could do with a few more cuddles this Valentine’s Day weekend?  If so, you should make your way to the Cleveland Animal Protective League and offer one of our many bachelors or bachelorettes ‘a rose,’ or better yet – a home.

Visit one of our adoption centers on Friday, February 12- Sunday, February 14 and adopt one of our bachelor or bachelorette cats at our specially reduced cat adoption fees of $5 for cats over 5 years old or those who have been at the Cleveland APL for 5 weeks or longer. Or adopt one of our SELECT, long-term bachelor and bachelorette dogs at our specially reduced fee of $50. Adoption centers are located at the Cleveland APL on 1729 Willey Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland and the Parma PetSmart® on Ridge Road. (Regular adoption fees are $45 for cats and start at $95 for dogs.)

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/the-bachelors-and-bachelorettes-of-the-cleveland-apl/, Our dogs absolutely love Kuranda beds! These elevated beds give the dogs a comfy place to rest off of the cold, hard shelter floor and can withstand daily shelter use. But unfortunately, our supply is running a little low these days. We would love it if this #WishListWednesday you helped us reach our goal of 40 new medium beds! 

Visit Kuranda's website at https://kuranda.com/donate/state/47
to select the Cleveland Animal Protective League and donate a bed (or two!). Beds will be shipped directly to us, and right now Kuranda happens to be offering free shipping!

Please help make our dogs stay with us more comfortable by donating one of these wonderful beds today!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Charley, an extremely loving, pleasantly pudgy, 10-year-old cat is spending his Fat Tuesday day dreaming about finding a loving home where he can play and run off his extra weight. Come make this (not so) fat cat's Fat Tuesday dreams come true!, Thank you so much to the Better Business Bureau of Cleveland for stopping by today with a generous donation for our animals!, Meet Baby and Face, our Pets of the Week! Face is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Baby is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil ® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

The contest entry period is now– February 21st and the voting period begins February 22nd – February 28th. Winner will be announced February 29th. So start taking pictures today!, The official Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl shirts are now on sale!

Join the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on Saturday, April 9 around six bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland APL. 

The shirts are printed by Cleveland's Fresh Brewed Tees, and guarantee you admission to the crawl, access to shuttles & drink specials. Proceeds from all shirt sales go directly to the Cleveland APL!

To buy your shirt, see: www.ClevelandAnimalsBarCrawl.com. Also on the website, find more details about the event, sponsor information & photos from last year., Meet Bob, an adorable 7-year-old cat. This friendly guy is waiting for a loving family at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Bob today! #MeowMonday

https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29942404&location=Cleveland+APL, February isn't too late to get a 2016 calendar! Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Happy Super Bowl Sunday! Head over to Twitter to help us tweet to help shelter animals with Doritos. For every retweet of Dorito's #PuppyDad tweets during Super Bowl Sunday, Doritos will donate $1.00 to Pet Shelters Association of America, up to $25,000!, Do you think your pet is a star? Interested in having your pet in our 2017 calendar? Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Join the APL’s Offsite Adoption Team for our monthly visit to Southpark Mall today from 11 am to 3 pm. To find out which dogs and cats will be available for adoption there, visit the Adoptable Animals page on our website and look for the purple tab that says “Offsite”! (https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/), Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Brooke and her boys Lucas and Conor are spending the year giving back to the community through acts of kindness.  We’re so grateful that they chose the Cleveland APL as the beneficiary of one of their acts.  Thank you so much for your kindness and generosity and the wonderful donations you collected!  Thanks, too, to Thoreau Park Elementary for helping with the donation drive!, Latte had come in to the Cleveland Animal Protective League with a TON of medical conditions and looked terrible – she had bad skin and goopy, cloudy eyes among other issues. Not to mention she was dog reactive and even went after our office cat one day! We were afraid she wouldn’t get adopted.

So, Latte went into foster with an amazing couple who did everything to help her get better. They bought Latte an air purifier to help with her breathing, took her on walks super early in the morning or late at night to avoid other dogs, trained her to ‘leave it’ and to focus on her human rather than other dogs. They faithfully gave Latte her meds every day and night, and also brought her to the shelter every morning and picked her up every evening so she didn’t have to spend the night!

Latte stayed a total of 63 days with her very faithful foster family until she was finally adopted last week! We’re extremely thankful for all of the work they did to help get Latte adopted; our fosters are super stars and we appreciate all the work they do to help our animals! #FosterFriday

If you’re interested in being a foster, visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ and sign up for a foster orientation!, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil ® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

The contest entry period is February 1st – February 21st and the voting period begins February 22nd – February 28th. Winner will be announced February 29th. So start taking pictures today!, February is National Pet Dental Health Month. How are your pet's teeth? Remember, dental care is essential for the health of your pets!

Make sure to stop by The Pawtique retail shop at our adoption center in Tremont to purchase a pack of dental treats for your pet.
#NationalPetDentalHealthMonth, Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android., Do you think your pet is a star? Interested in having your pet in our 2017 calendar? Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for!

https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Lil Momma is a sweet 6.5-year-old cat who has been patiently waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl loves rubs. Visit Lil Momma today!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Do you think your pet is a star? Catch them doing something especially romantic? Want them to be Mr. or Ms. February in our 2017 calendar? Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Meet Hakuna and Mia, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil ® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

The contest entry period is February 1st – February 21st and the voting period begins February 22nd – February 28th. Winner will be announced February 29th. So start taking pictures today!@ L, February isn't too late to get a 2016 calendar! Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today, Meet Fogarty, a sweet 5-year-old cat who is currently waiting for a loving home in foster. This shy girl loves to be pet on the head and is ready to find a loving family. Call our adoptions desk to meet Fogarty!
#MeowMonday

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=10577624&location=Foster, Starting at midnight, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil ® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

The contest entry period is February 1st – February 21st and the voting period begins February 22nd – February 28th. Winner will be announced February 29th. So start taking pictures today!, Today is our final day of our #Flashbackfriday!!

#FlashbackFriday to November 2014, when our humane investigations and shelter team brought in over 400 cats, pushing us to the limits of our capacity. We asked the community to help us help as many cats as possible and we reduced our adult cat adoption fee to $5. Thankfully, we are not at critical capacity right now, but we cannot predict when we might be faced with another large intake situation. For that reason, and because news of our 2014 situation has resurfaced, we’re having a #FlashbackFriday promotion and reducing our adult cat adoption fees to $5 in an attempt to empty our kennels and find wonderful homes for all of the cats currently in our care. The reduced fees are for adult cats 1 year and older beginning Friday, January 29, 2016 running through Sunday, January 31, 2016., Do you think  your pet is a star? Interested in having your pet in our 2017 calendar? Enter our 2017 Calendar Contest today at https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Day two of our #Flashbackfriday!

#FlashbackFriday to November 2014, when our humane investigations and shelter team brought in over 400 cats, pushing us to the limits of our capacity. We asked the community to help us help as many cats as possible and we reduced our adult cat adoption fee to $5. Thankfully, we are not at critical capacity right now, but we cannot predict when we might be faced with another large intake situation. For that reason, and because news of our 2014 situation has resurfaced, we’re having a #FlashbackFriday promotion and reducing our adult cat adoption fees to $5 in an attempt to empty our kennels and find wonderful homes for all of the cats currently in our care. The reduced fees are for adult cats 1 year and older beginning Friday, January 29, 2016 running through Sunday, January 31, 2016., Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, #FlashbackFriday to November 2014, when our humane investigations and shelter team brought in over 400 cats, pushing us to the limits of our capacity.  We asked the community to help us help as many cats as possible and we reduced our adult cat adoption fee to $5.  Thankfully, we are not at critical capacity right now, but we cannot predict when we might be faced with another large intake situation.  For that reason, and because news of our 2014 situation has resurfaced, we’re having a #FlashbackFriday promotion and reducing our adult cat adoption fees to $5 in an attempt to empty our kennels and find wonderful homes for all of the cats currently in our care.  The reduced fees are for adult cats 1 year and older beginning Friday, January 29, 2016 running through Sunday, January 31, 2016., A huge thanks to Green Road Animal Hospital for collecting some wonderful donations for our animals!, Starting February 1st, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2016 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the pet owner will receive a CharBroil ® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000.

The contest entry period is February 1st – February 21st and the voting period begins February 22nd  – February 28th. Winner will be announced February 29th. So start taking pictures today!, US Marshalls discovered over 25 dead and 20 live roosters that had been brutalized in a large cockfighting operation in Youngstown this week. Ohio has one of the weakest cockfighting laws in the nation, third only to AL and MS. Please call your local legislator to voice support for HB 215 which would increase the penalty for cockfighting in Ohio. The bill was reported out of the House Judiciary Committee in June 2015 and now needs to go before the full House of Representatives. It will only take a minute to call your legislator and ask for their support to bring the bill up for a vote. http://www.vindy.com/news/2016/jan/28/during-manhunt-marshals-discover-cockfighting-ring/, This past weekend, we discovered four 5-6 week old kittens in our feral colony and decided to send them home with one of our loving foster families to be bottle-fed and cared for. Soon after, we found a mother cat, which we named Bea, in the same area and brought her into the Cleveland APL for treatment. About 3 days after Bea was found, we found an additional kitten, which was taken home by a member of our staff for the night.

The following morning, our staff introduced the newest kitten to Bea, who immediately recognized the little one and began to nurse her. It was amazing that the kitten had been able to survive on its own without its mother for three days! After that, we realized that the other four kittens we had found over the weekend were Bea’s as well and contacted the kitten’s foster family in order to reunite Bea with her babies.

Today, we’re happy to announce that momma and her five kittens are all together again and being taken care of by our fosters until the kittens are big enough to be adopted!

We just love that we were able to bring this cute, furry family back together again., Meet Mia, this sweet 11-year-old kitty is looking for a loving family! To find out more about her, visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29211399&location=Cleveland+APL, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for!

https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, We're so thankful for the amazing donations we got today. First, a group of girls from Citizens Leadership Academy came with some homemade dog treats. And then we received some wonderful treats, toys and food from another visitor! 

Schatzi was especially excited about both donations., It's come to our attention that an article from 2014 is in circulation again saying we are at capacity and are offering $5 cat adoptions. Right now, we have plenty of cats looking for loving homes but we are not at critical capacity as the article states. Our cats are ready to go home to loving families but at our normal adoption rates.

Thank you so much for your interest and we hope that you still consider taking home a furry friend today!, Peter Pan P17, a 3-year-old Beagle mix who was adopted from the APL earlier this month, ran away while on a walk around Clifton and Westlake in Lakewood on Sunday morning. His owner had slipped on the ice and lost her grip on his leash when he took the opportunity to bolt.

He has on a red collar and his tags, with a red leash still attached. Peter Pan is still skittish and fearful and more likely to be holed up in a hiding spot than to be walking around, so please keep an eye out for his leash.

Please call the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 or Peter Pan's owner Britny Adams at 940-206-0151 if you happen to see Peter Pan. Thank you., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, null, Wow! Thank you everyone for liking us! We just hit 50,000 likes on Facebook! Thanks for all of your support, We absolutely love it whenever our animals find wonderful families. Today, we're especially happy that a couple of our (many) favorites, Tai Chi and Latte, found loving homes!, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for! 

https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Still need a calendar for the new year? Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, A few of our dogs will be featured in a Lake Erie Monsters calendar. Today they went on an adventure to take some photos! Stay tuned for more info!, Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/ . You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android., Meet Sasha, a sweet 5-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl is ready to find her happily ever after.
#MeowMonday

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=25263400&location=Cleveland+APL, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today, Today's the last day to visit the NARI Home Show! 14 custom birdhouses designed and built by students from Polaris Career Center will be on display and raffled off with all proceeds going to the Cleveland APL! Check out the birdhouses by visiting http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/DoghouseAuction.aspx.

Also, our Offsite Adoption team will be there with adoptable animals today!

For more details regarding a discount coupon for the show, see http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/BuyTickets.aspx, Three's still time to visit the NARI Home Show! Today through Sunday, 14 custom birdhouses designed and built by students from Polaris Career Center will be on display and raffled off with all proceeds going to the Cleveland APL! Check out the birdhouses by visiting http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/DoghouseAuction.aspx.

Also, our Offsite Adoption team will be there with adoptable animals all four days!

For more details regarding a discount coupon for the show, see http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/BuyTickets.aspx, Make sure to visit the NARI Home Show tonight! From now until Sunday, 14 custom birdhouses designed and built by students from Polaris Career Center will be on display and raffled off with all proceeds going to the Cleveland APL! Check out the birdhouses by visiting http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/DoghouseAuction.aspx.

Also, our Offsite Adoption team will be there with adoptable animals all weekend days!

For more details regarding a discount coupon for the show, see http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/BuyTickets.aspx, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Can't get enough of Tai Chi? We know we can't! Check out this adorable video of the pleasantly plump 7-year-old Staffordshire Terrier mix who is available at our adoption center in Tremont.

More about Tai Chi: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30516251&location=Cleveland+APL, Make sure to visit the NARI Home Show, which starts today! Today through Sunday, 14 custom birdhouses designed and built by students from Polaris Career Center will be on display and raffled off with all proceeds going to the Cleveland APL! Check out the birdhouses by visiting http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/DoghouseAuction.aspx.

Also, our Offsite Adoption team will be there with adoptable animals all four days!

For more details regarding a discount coupon for the show, see http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/BuyTickets.aspx, Meet Tai Chi, an adorable 7-year-old Terrier/American Staffordshire/Mix who has been looking for a loving home since the beginning of the month. This friendly girl is available at our adoption center in Tremont. Want to find out more about Tai Chi? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30516251&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #NationalHugDay! Celebrate by snapping a photo of you hugging your pet and post it in the comments section below! :), They are back! The Third Annual Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl: Unleashed will take place on Saturday, April 9th, around multiple bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland Animal Protective League. Stay tuned for more information over the next three months!

More at: https://www.facebook.com/ClevelandAnimals, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, The NARI Home Show is almost here! Thursday, January 21 -  Sunday, January 24, 14 custom birdhouses designed and built by students from Polaris Career Center will be on display and raffled off with all proceeds going to the Cleveland APL! Check out the birdhouses by visiting http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/DoghouseAuction.aspx.

Also, our Offsite Adoption team will be there with adoptable animals all four days!

For more details regarding a discount coupon for the show, see http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/BuyTickets.aspx, Meet Milley, a sweet 7-year-old cat who has been waiting for a loving home since August! This pretty girl is currently available in her foster home, as she prefers to be in a home environment. Milley likes to play and will sit on your lap once she gets to know you. She would do great in a quieter home!

Learn more about Milley at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29483364&location=Foster, Learn about adopting from the Cleveland APL and view our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. You can also download our free adoption app available on iOS or Android. :), Need a calendar for the new year? Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Meet Mia, a sweet 11-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont today! https://youtu.be/SUWxev_HXaw  #MeowMonday, Need a calendar for the new year? Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Join the APL’s Offsite Adoption Team today at the grand opening of H&R Block, located next to Staples at 2166 W 117th St in Cleveland. Volunteers will have adoptable dogs, cats and will be collecting donations from 11 am until 3 pm. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Check out the adorable, festive photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, In celebration of our 2015 Fur Ball success, we recently honored the volunteer Chairs that made this event happen.  Thank you for your hard work and giving your time and talent to benefit the animals of the Cleveland APL.  In addition, thank you to the 85 volunteers who contributed 875 service hours to this undertaking that raised more than $243,000 for our Second Chance Program.  If you are interested in learning more about our Second Chance Program, the Fur Ball or volunteering, please visit www.ClevelandAPL.org for further information., Resolve to be kind in 2016—   showed us just how easy that can be: t.uber.com/rake, Meet Nessie, an adorable 7-year old Boxer mix who has been waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL for a few months now! Want to learn more about this adorable pup? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30208589&location=Cleveland+APL, Need a calendar for the new year? Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, What a nice thank you poster that was created for the APL by the Incarnate Word Academy's 6th grade class!, Sunfire, a sweet 5.5-year-old cat, is waiting for a loving home! Do you have space in your heart and home for this beautiful girl? Learn more about Sunfire at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=26989062&location=Foster, A big thank you to our friends and neighbors at the Tremont Athletic Club for collecting donations for our animals during the holiday season! :), Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Today is #KissAGingerDay! Do you have a redheaded pet at home that you're smooching today? Share a photo of him or her in the comments section below!

Learn more about Luke, the gorgeous kitty featured in this post, at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30525214&location=Cleveland+APL, Do you need extra love and happiness during these cold, winter months? Add some to your home by fostering a mom and her puppies! We have two litters of pups with their moms who are currently in need of loving foster homes.

If you are interested in fostering, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator by calling 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mailing foster@clevelandapl.org.

*If you are not currently a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer, please fill out an application on our website at: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/foster-care-application-and-waiver/, They are back! The Third Annual Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl: Unleashed will take place on Saturday, April 9th, around multiple bars in Cleveland to raise money for the Cleveland Animal Protective League. Stay tuned for more information over the next three months!

More at: https://www.facebook.com/ClevelandAnimals, If you didn't see our adoption photos on Friday, you might have missed the wonderful news - Steuben and Precious have found a loving home together! Check out these adorable photos of the kittens with their new mom. Have a wonderful life, you two! :), Meet Fuzzy, a sweet 4.5-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl came to the APL as a stray and is ready to find her happily ever after.
#MeowMonday

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30552535&location=Cleveland+APL, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for! https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Check out the adorable, festive photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Need a calendar for the new year? Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Sunfire sure loves lounging in our cat playroom! 

This pretty 5.5-year-old cat was abandoned by her owner in April and has been waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL ever since. She is very sweet and loving and would make a wonderful addition to any family. Learn more about this sweet girl at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/., Matilda is hanging out with our adoptions team today and decided it would be fun to sit on Adoptions Associate Gabby's lap!

Matilda is a sweet and playful 2-year-old Pit Bull mix who is available at our adoption center in Tremont. This beautiful girl enjoys the company of other dogs and is very happy go lucky! She knows sit, paw, and walks well on a leash. Matilda would make an excellent dog for any family! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30351874&location=Cleveland+APL, Our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) in the Parma PetSmart® store had our 3,000th adoption last night! Carson, an adorable two-month-old Boxer/Terrier pup went home with his new mom! Enjoy your new life, Carson! :), A bond between two cats helps a blind cat see through his friend's eyes. Read this touching story from the Cleveland APL:

Steuben (left), just 6 months old, came to the Cleveland APL with horribly damaged eyes that needed to be removed in order to help him feel better. While recovering in a loving foster home, sweet Steuben met Precious, who not only became his new best friend, but also his new pair of eyes! 3-month-old Precious taps Steuben when it is time to eat and gently leads him to his food bowl to help him find his way. Steuben returns the favor by giving his kitten companion a bath. 

Steuben and Precious are waiting to find a loving home together at our adoption center in Tremont. Could that home be yours? Learn more about this darling duo by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Chance is WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Pet of the Week this week! This handsome boy is a 5-year-old Pit Bull mix and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Chance today!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30331578&location=Cleveland+APL, Thank you to Laura and Dave for visiting today with Sticks, an APL alumni! Thanks for also bringing some wonderful donations for our animals!, Thank you to Violet for coloring pictures of owls and selling them to raise money for the Cleveland APL!  :), On December 22, our team drove to Adams County, Ohio to help transport some of the animals who were rescued from a suspected neglect situation. They were brought to Cleveland, where they have and continue to receive the care and compassion that they were in such desperate need of.

Our team was able to transport these animals in need in our new animal transport van that was able to be purchased through a $54,000 grant from the Petco Foundation! Thank you, Petco Foundation, for supporting our lifesaving work!, Meet Simba, a handsome 4-year-old cat who was brought to the APL in early December by his owner who could no longer care for him. This sweet boy does well with other cats and would love to find a great home soon! Visit Simba at our PetSmart Charities EAC Parma today. #MeowMonday

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30356894&location=Parma+PetSmart, Thank you to Colin, Store Manager for Pet Supplies Plus in Brooklyn for bringing in donations from his store last week that included dog food and treats, cat food and treats and other items for our animals!, Want to view photos and information about all of the wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to learn more!, Need a calendar for the new year? Our 2016 Pet Calendar is available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Happy New Year to you and your furry friends! 

* Our adoption center in Tremont is closed today and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store is open from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. We will be open tomorrow during our regular hours. Our hours can be viewed by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/., Thank you to Jillian who stopped by today to drop off donations she collected from her allowance!  Thank you so much for your support!, Hailey brought us 3 boxes full of donations today! She told us that she spent all of the money she got at Christmas on supplies for our cats and dogs because she loves animals more than anything else. Thank you for your generosity, Hailey!, Check out the adorable, festive photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Thank you to Deja and Lola who stopped by today to drop off monetary donations that they collected on Christmas Eve for the Cleveland APL! Thank you so much for your support!, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit all the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for! https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Happy New Year! If you plan to visit the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont or PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store, please note our holiday hours:

Today, our adoption center in Tremont will be open from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. We will be closed on New Year’s Day. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and will be open from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow., Are you looking for a cuddly companion to spend the cold winter days with? Meet Daft Punk, a 2-year-old Chinchilla who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/?animal_id=30460042&location=Cleveland+APL, Paris is a sweet 6-year-old cat who was found abandoned before coming to the Cleveland APL. She was somewhat timid, which may explain why she was at the APL waiting for a home for several months.The sweet kitty then spent some time in an office at the APL - that’s when she bloomed!  Paris came out of her shell and soon her day came - she was adopted by her loving mom and the rest is history!

Help us make more happily ever afters like Paris' in 2016 by making a donation today: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Year%20End%202015%20%2D%20Social%20Media, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, On Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, furry friends were  “delivered” to their new families during the Cleveland APL's "Home for the Holidays: Special Delivery" promotion. Tyrion the kitten and Novalee the dog (pictured) enjoyed going to their loving homes for the holidays and their new families were thrilled to welcome them! :), The Cleveland APL's project CARE (Community Animal Retention Effort), an outreach support service for pet-owning residents in a targeted area of Cleveland, held its’ third annual holiday “Give Back Day” on Wednesday, December 23rd.  Project CARE's goal is to help preserve the human-animal bond by keeping pets with families who love them.

On this special day, the APL’s volunteers, led by project CARE Manager Becca Britton, put on their Santa hats and packed their cars with pet supplies to distribute to more than 30 project CARE clients in need of some extra help this holiday season. Supplies that were donated included dog and cat food, treats, toys, and blankets! 

More about project CARE: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/project-care/, Thank you to our friends who stopped in over the last few days to bring items we are in need of for our animals. We are so grateful for your support!, Meet Zev, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Zev is a 1-year-old Shepherd/Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Zev today!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30305936&location=Cleveland+APL, When Rosie was rescued by our Humane Investigations team, she had been abandoned and chained to a house on Cleveland’s east side. Her brindle coat was dirty and dull, and she did not have food or water. Worse yet, Rosie, an American bulldog mix, was in labor and about to give birth to her puppies in the cold, wet mud under the porch.

Fortunately, our team was able to help Rosie when they arrived. Rosie gave birth to some of the pups—ultimately 10 in all—
on her way to the APL, and the rest after she arrived at
the shelter. They received the care that they so desperately needed and spent time together before they were ready for adoption. Rosie's 10 puppies were quickly adopted and then it was Rosie's turn. She now lives a happy life along with her two canine siblings and two human siblings! 

Help us make more happily ever afters in 2016 by making a donation today: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Year%20End%202015%20%2D%20Social%20Media, Meet Cheese, a sweet 6-year-old kitty who does great with other cats. Cheese is currently waiting for her future family to meet her at our adoption center in Tremont. 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30459771&location=Cleveland+APL to learn more about Cheese. #MeowMonday, Support the Cleveland APL in 2015. Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Year%20End%202015%20%2D%20Social%20Media to donate today!, Check out the latest issue of our Pet Patter newsletter which includes touching Happy Tales about Finn, Jasper, Noodle and Shadow. Also included is information about upcoming events, a highlight of our Fur Ball gala in November, and much more!

Read it here: https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Pet-Patter_Q4.pdf, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL! Check out all of the events happening in the community that will benefit the homeless animals that the Cleveland APL cares for:
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Merry Christmas to you and your furry friends! 

Please note: Our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store are closed today. We will be open tomorrow. Our hours can be viewed: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/., Check out the adorable, festive photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, It's not too late to purchase your 2016 Cleveland APL Pet Calendar! You can buy yours at either of our adoption center locations (https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/) or online by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/.

A big THANK YOU to our wonderful celebrity judges who were given the daunting task of picking the winners this year:
Average Joe, Aly Tanner, and Jeff Kurkjian of Q104 - Cleveland; Faith Nezovich of Newsradio WTAM 1100/Total Traffic Network; Pat Butler of Newsradio WTAM 1100; Jason Nicholas and Kristin
Byrne of WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton; Mark Duncan,Retired Associated Press Photographer; and Munch Bishop, ESPN 850 WKNR., Four of the dogs who were brought to the Cleveland APL from the Adams County neglect situation are available for adoption today and hoping to find their happily ever afters for the holidays!

Meet Rudolph, Captain Jack, Will Turner, and Peter Pan! Stay tuned to our website at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of our adoptable animals. You can also download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android to view our adoptable animals., Happy Holidays! If you plan to visit the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont or PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store, please note our holiday hours:

Today, our adoption center in Tremont will be open from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. We will be closed on Christmas Day. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and will be closed on Christmas Day., Thank you to Jessica and Jacqui who brought in several boxes of wonderful items from our wish list in addition to a monetary donation yesterday!  The donations were collected from the National BSC & EA’s with Ernst and Young. Thank you for your support this holiday season!, A huge thanks to the Rocky River Public Library for hosting their fourth annual Critter Christmas Party benefiting the Cleveland APL on Saturday, December 19th! Generous patrons dropped off much-needed donations and 2 dogs and 2 cats found their homes for the holidays. Thanks to library staff and APL volunteers for continuing to make this annual event a success. 

Also, thank you to to Alyssa of Alyssa’s Cupcake Confections in Westlake for collecting donations for the Cleveland APL again this year. She has held a donation drive through her business for several years now and we appreciate her support!, The animals from the Adams County neglect situation are settling in nicely at the Cleveland APL and are doing great! They woke up this morning cared for and snuggled in warm bedding. They are currently being examined by our incredible veterinary team. Although their conditions vary, they are all receiving the loving care that they deserve. Thank you to the The Humane Society of the United States for providing these animals with the initial care that they so desperately needed., Meet Cookie, WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's  Janessa Webb's Featured Pet! Cookie is a 9-year-old Tortoiseshell kitty who has been patiently waiting at the Cleveland APL to find a loving home since October.

More about Cookie: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=11774025&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Do you plan on bringing a furry friend home for the holidays? You can have him or her “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day!

*For a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies!*

Delivery options are as follows: Christmas Eve from 4 to 8 p.m., or Christmas morning from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. Adopters can sign up for this service at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (located at 1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road) today through Christmas Eve, depending on the availability of the APL’s delivery elves.

*The service is available only in Cuyahoga County and there are a limited number of deliveries available., On December 9, 2015, law enforcement executed a search warrant at a residence in Adams County, Ohio, with assistance from The Humane Society of the United States. Animals were found living in filth without adequate food or shelter. 166 animals (mostly dogs) were rescued from the suspected neglect situation.  

The Cleveland APL's team is currently on site to help and transport some of these animals (15 dogs and 7 cats) to Cleveland, where they will continue to get the care and compassion they need until new, loving homes are found for them. Upon arrival at the APL, the animals will be evaluated by our veterinary team and made available for adoption as quickly as possible, depending upon their needs. Please continue to follow us on social media for updates., Thank you to Courtney and Rocknes in Strongsville for collecting donations for our animals. Also, thanks to Aniko and Olivia for holding a bake sale to raise more than $400 for the APL! Your support means so much. :), We were honored to have been presented with a check for $824 from SouthPark Mall this morning that was raised at their holiday events!  In 2015, more than $6,500 was raised for the APL at SouthPark Mall during various events throughout the year and 53 animals found homes! Thank you to our wonderful friends at SouthPark Mall!, Lil Momma is ready to find a home for the holidays! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=27901281&location=Cleveland+APL to learn more about this pretty girl who has been waiting for a home since May!, Our friends at Cleveland Scene Magazine held a collection for our animals. Check out all of the wonderful donations they brought to us! Thank you, Cleveland Scene Magazine!, Meet Tammy, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Tammy is a 2-year-old Retriever/Hound mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities EAC. Visit Tammy today!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30324519&location=Parma+PetSmart, Thank you to the MetroHealth Emergency Department for bringing in lots of wonderful donations for our animals from their holiday collection! :), Do you plan on bringing a furry friend home for the holidays? You can have him or her “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day!

*For a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies!*

Delivery options are as follows: Christmas Eve from 4 to 8 p.m., or Christmas morning from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. Adopters can sign up for this service at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (located at 1729 Willey Avenue) or their PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road) beginning TODAY through Christmas Eve, depending on the availability of the APL’s delivery elves.

*The service is available only in Cuyahoga County and there are a limited number of deliveries available., Meet Ado, a sweet 6-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This handsome boy is ready to find a home for the holidays! #MeowMonday

Remember, if you adopt a pet today through Christmas Eve, for a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies!  More at: https://clevelandapl.org/home-for-the-holidays-special-delivery/, Bring a new furry friend home for the holidays!

*For a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies!*

Delivery options are as follows: Christmas Eve from 4 to 8 p.m., or Christmas morning from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. Adopters can sign up for this service at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (located at 1729 Willey Avenue) or their PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road) beginning Monday, December 21, through Christmas Eve, depending on the availability of the APL’s delivery elves.

*The service is available only in Cuyahoga County and there are a limited number of deliveries available., Are you shopping online this holiday season? If so, remember to support the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop!, Today is Rocky River Library's 4th annual Critter Christmas Party from 11am - 3pm!

Make a furry friend's holiday dreams come true by dropping off a gift from the Cleveland Animal Protective League's Amazon Wish List (https://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV) and stay to meet animals looking for forever homes. Bring the kids to make a pet-friendly gift for your pet or donate it to one in need at the APL!, The Cleveland APL has a pig! But careful folks, he is no teacup.  Chris is about 8 months old and looking for a loving home with plenty of space to grow. Chris is a clever guy who would do best with a pig-experienced family or someone who is willing to learn all they can about being a pig parent. 

If you are interested in learning more about Chris or potentially making him a part of your family, please contact us at receptionist@clevelandapl.org for an adoption application.

More about Chris: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/?animal_id=30316524&location=Cleveland+APL, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, My Cleveland APL helps animals through spay and neuter.

At the Cleveland APL, we are committed to ending the cat overpopulation crisis through our Trap-Neuter-Return Program. If you are caring for a cat outside, we invite you to be part of the solution to cat overpopulation and take advantage of our services! Through our Animal Welfare Clinic, we are able to offer many helpful services for feral cats and their caretakers.

Learn more by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/

View other spay/neuter resources: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/other-spayneuter-resources/ #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Tomorrow is Rocky River Library's 4th annual Critter Christmas Party from 11am - 3pm!

Make a furry friend's holiday dreams come true by dropping off a gift from the Cleveland Animal Protective League's Amazon Wish List (https://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV) and stay to meet animals looking for forever homes. Bring the kids to make a pet-friendly gift for your pet or donate it to one in need at the APL!, The magic of the holiday season is upon us. Cheerful music is playing, cookies are baking in the oven, family and friends are coming together to celebrate this joyous time, and folks are warming up by the fire. Here at the Cleveland APL, we recognize the importance of family during the holidays, which is why we would love to help you add to yours by adopting a pet to be “delivered” to your home by our APL elves on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day.

For a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies! 

Delivery options are as follows: Christmas Eve from 4 to 8 p.m., or Christmas morning from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.  Adopters can sign up for this service at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (located at 1729 Willey Avenue) or their PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road) beginning Monday, December 21, through Christmas Eve, depending on the availability of the APL’s delivery elves.  

*The service is available only in Cuyahoga County and there are a limited number of deliveries available., Sweet J from The Original Harlem Globetrotters came to the Cleveland APL today with donations for our animals. She also visited our wonderful staff, passing out candy canes and teaching us some skills!, A big thank you to the students from Highland Drive Elementary School's Makers Club for making and bringing in dog and cat toys for our animals! :), Today is the final day of #PawWars!

Cats over one year of age are available for adoption for $5 and kittens are available for $50 at our adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/, We are thrilled to have been awarded a $54,000 grant from the Petco Foundation, which has allowed us to continue to meet the needs of our life-saving efforts by purchasing a new and larger animal transport van that is equipped with cages and storage space! 

Thank you, Petco Foundation! #PetcoFoundation, Bring a new furry friend home for the holidays!

*For a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies!*

Delivery options are as follows: Christmas Eve from 4 to 8 p.m., or Christmas morning from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. Adopters can sign up for this service at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (located at 1729 Willey Avenue) or their PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road) beginning Monday, December 21, through Christmas Eve, depending on the availability of the APL’s delivery elves.

*The service is available only in Cuyahoga County and there are a limited number of deliveries available., Come to the Cleveland APL during #PawWars! Cats over one year of age are available for adoption for $5 and kittens are available for $50.

These promotional adoption fees will be honored through Thursday, December 17th at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road.

More at:https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Are you looking for a feline friend to share your life with? Ginks might just be the kitty for you! 

Ginks is a sweet, not to mention gorgeous cat who is spending some time in our clinic office. He loves to roll around, enjoys belly rubs, neck scratches and sitting on laps. Ginks would do well in a home with experienced cat owners and a home without small children is recommended.

Learn more about Ginks: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30328967&location=Cleveland+APL, Give back this holiday season! Support the Cleveland APL's project CARE by donating the items listed here., Adopt Tasha you must!

Now through Thursday, December 17th, cats over one year of age are available for adoption for $5 and kittens are available for $50. These promotional adoption fees are honored at both APL adoption center locations. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens #PawWars

More about Tasha: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30105182&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Pepper, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Pepper is a 1-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Pepper today!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30089942&location=Cleveland+APL, The magic of the holiday season is upon us. Cheerful music is playing, cookies are baking in the oven, family and friends are coming together to celebrate this joyous time, and folks are warming up by the fire. Here at the Cleveland APL, we recognize the importance of family during the holidays, which is why we would love to help you add to yours by adopting a pet to be “delivered” to your home by our APL elves on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day.

*For a $50 fee, your new furry friend will be “delivered” from the Cleveland APL to your home on Christmas Eve or Christmas Day. For a $75 fee, your pet will be “delivered” to your home along with a stocking of goodies!*

Delivery options are as follows: Christmas Eve from 4 to 8 p.m., or Christmas morning from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.  Adopters can sign up for this service at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (located at 1729 Willey Avenue) or their PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road) beginning Monday, December 21, through Christmas Eve, depending on the availability of the APL’s delivery elves.  

*The service is available only in Cuyahoga County and there are a limited number of deliveries available., Check out some of the wonderful items that were purchased for our animals off of our Amazon.com Wish List by generous supporters!

Would you like to help the Cleveland APL this holiday season? Visit https://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV to view items that we are currently in need of. Also, don't forget that you can shop on AmazonSmile by visiting  http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and you will be supporting the APL every time you shop!, Meet Bazoo, a sweet 3-year-old kitty who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray in November. This handsome boy is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. #MeowMonday

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30226305&location=Cleveland+APL, Come to the Cleveland APL during #PawWars! Cats over one year of age are available for adoption for $5 and kittens are available for $50. 

These promotional adoption fees will be honored through Thursday, December 17th at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road. 

More at:https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/, Magic happens every day at the Cleveland APL and these photos are just one example of how! Winter, a sweet 2-year-old Bichon Frise, came to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program.

As you can see from the photos, Winter was horribly matted and had never been groomed. She had burrs caught in her coat everywhere. Angela, one of our many incredible volunteers, worked her magic for Winter and she now feels and looks like a brand new dog! 

Winter is not available for adoption yet, but when she is her information will be posted on our website at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Are you shopping online this holiday season? If so, remember to support the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop!, “A short time ago, in an animal shelter close, close by, there were lots of wonderful cats and kittens who were waiting for loving homes…” Sound like the opening of a Star Wars movie? It is! Well, sort of… The time is now, the shelter is the Cleveland APL, and the cats and kittens are available for adoption and waiting to join your force – or family! #PawWars

Now through Thursday, cats over one year of age are available for adoption for $5 and kittens are available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and at our PetSmart Charities EAC located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios is back again with a new Cleveland APL Charity Ornament for 2015. This year’s design features a beautiful quote from Walt Whitman, as well as a heart paw print symbolizing the special place we hold for our beloved pets.

For every ornament purchased, $5 will be donated to the Cleveland APL! Each 3-inch round, hand-etched ornament comes complete with a silver cord and suction cup hanger for display in a window. They are now available for purchase online at: http://madison-design-studios.com/cleveland/2015-apl-ornament, “A short time ago, in an animal shelter close, close by, there were lots of wonderful cats and kittens who were waiting for loving homes…” Sound like the opening of a Star Wars movie? It is! Well, sort of… The time is now, the shelter is the Cleveland APL, and the cats and kittens are available for adoption and waiting to join your force – or family! #PawWars

Now through Thursday, cats over one year of age are available for adoption for $5 and kittens are available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and at our PetSmart Charities EAC located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Remember, today through Thursday, December 17th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both APL adoption center locations. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens #PawWars, My Cleveland APL is where you can find your best friend.

Learn about our adoption process, view adoptable animals, learn about our adoption center locations, and much more by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/. #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens

Remember, today through Thursday, December 17th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both APL adoption center locations. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens #PawWars, Cookie Monster is waiting for a loving home during Paw Wars: The Feline Awakens!

Today through Thursday, December 17th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both APL adoption center locations. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens #PawWars

More about Cookie Monster: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30281066&location=Parma+PetSmart, We were honored to be awarded a $25,000 grant from the Petco Foundation today as part of the Petco Foundation and Halo Pets Holiday Wishes Grant Campaign! More than 3,000 stories were submitted by pet parents, and we are thrilled to have been chosen as one of the top 13! Parma Animal Shelter and Multiple Breed Rescue were also awarded with grants at today's presentation! 

The story that was submitted was about a Cleveland APL alumni named Flynn and his loving mom! Thank you to Flynn's mom for sharing her and Flynn's story. 

View all of the winners by visiting: http://www.petco.com/petco_Page_PC_foundationholiday.aspx  #HolidayWishes2015, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios is back again with a new Cleveland APL Charity Ornament for 2015. This year’s design features a beautiful quote from Walt Whitman, as well as a heart paw print symbolizing the special place we hold for our beloved pets.

For every ornament purchased, $5 will be donated to the Cleveland APL! Each 3-inch round, hand-etched ornament comes complete with a silver cord and suction cup hanger for display in a window. They are now available for purchase online at: http://madison-design-studios.com/cleveland/2015-apl-ornament, Adopt you must!

Meet Tomasina, a sweet 2-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont. Beginning tomorrow, Friday, December 11th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored through Thursday, December 17th at both APL adoption center locations. https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens #PawWars

More about Tomasina: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30185540&location=Cleveland+APL, We are honored to be awarded a $25,000 grant from the Petco Foundation as part of the Petco Foundation and Halo Pets Holiday Wishes Grant Campaign! More than 3,000 stories were submitted by pet parents, and we are thrilled to have been chosen as one of the top 13! 

The story that was submitted was about a Cleveland APL alumni named Flynn (pictured here) and his loving mom! Thank you to Flynn's mom for sharing her and Flynn's story. View all of the winners by visiting: http://www.petco.com/petco_Page_PC_foundationholiday.aspx #HolidayWishes2015, Izzy is just one of the many fantastic cats who is waiting to join your force - or family! This sweet girl is 3 years old and is ready to find a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont.

Remember, this Friday December 11th through Thursday, December 17th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50 at both of our adoption center locations! #PawWars More at: https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/

About Izzy: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30315718&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Are you looking for the purrfect intergalactic companion? Look no further! Here at the Cleveland APL, we have some out of this world kitties who are waiting for loving homes! 

Beginning this Friday, December 11th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored through Thursday, December 17th at our adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road.
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios is back again with a new Cleveland APL Charity Ornament for 2015. This year’s design features a beautiful quote from Walt Whitman, as well as a heart paw print symbolizing the special place we hold for our beloved pets.

For every ornament purchased, $5.00 will be donated to the Cleveland APL! Each 3-inch round, hand-etched ornament comes complete with a silver cord and suction cup hanger for display in a window. They are now available for purchase online at:  http://madison-design-studios.com/cleveland/2015-apl-ornament, Fogarty, a sweet 5-year-old cat has been waiting for a loving home since March. Fogarty's foster family wanted to showcase how special this pretty kitty is in a fun video! Please call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 with any questions you may have!

Learn more about Fogarty: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=10577624&location=Foster, “A short time ago, in an animal shelter close, close by, there were lots of wonderful cats and kittens who were waiting for loving homes…” Sound like the opening of a Star Wars movie? It is! Well, sort of… The time is now, the shelter is the Cleveland APL, and the cats and kittens are available for adoption and waiting to join your force – or family!

Beginning on Friday, December 11th, cats over one year of age will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens will be available for $50. These promotional adoption fees will be honored through Thursday, December 17th at our adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue and at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road.  

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/paw-wars-the-feline-awakens/, Thank you to the Tremont Athletic Club for your incredible support! If you would like to help the animals at the Cleveland APL this holiday season, check out the links included in this post., Meet Pigeon, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Pigeon is a 5-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Pigeon today!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=30092704&location=Cleveland+APL, Are you a Cleveland sports fan who is looking to help the Cleveland APL? We are in need of Cleveland sports-themed bandanas for our adoptable dogs! (General sports-themed bandanas will also work.) 

If you have one that you would like to donate, please feel free to bring it to our adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue. Thank you!, Meet Brownie, an 8-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This sweet boy was brought in as a stray in October. Visit Brownie today! #MeowMonday

More about Brownie: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29940127&location=Cleveland+APL, Are you interested in giving or receiving a pet as a gift during the holiday season? Think adoption first and read this informative cleveland.com article about giving a shelter pet as a gift for the holidays:
http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2015/12/not_ready_to_publish_animals_i.html, Our 2016 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Visit our adoptable animals and Offsite Adoptions team at SouthPark Mall today! The team will be near Santa in Center Court from 11 am to 3 pm, so make sure to stop by!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Visit our adoptable animals and Offsite Adoptions team at SouthPark Mall tomorrow! The team will be right near Santa in Center Court from 11 am to 3 pm, so make sure to stop by!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, My Cleveland APL is there for animals in need. Just last year, more than 1,500 animals spent time receiving the love and care they needed in foster care, animals just like Rizzo, the adorable puppy pictured here. After receiving love and care in a loving foster home, Rizzo returned to the Cleveland APL where she was adopted!

Learn more about how you can make a difference in the lives of homeless animals as a Foster Care volunteer: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/
#MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios is back again with a new Cleveland APL Charity Ornament for 2015. This year’s design features a beautiful quote from Walt Whitman, as well as a heart paw print symbolizing the special place we hold for our beloved pets. 

For every ornament purchased, $5.00 will be donated to the Cleveland APL! Each 3-inch round, hand-etched ornament comes complete with a silver cord and suction cup hanger for display in a window. They are now available for purchase online at: http://madison-design-studios.com/cleveland/2015-apl-ornament., Are you planning on doing online shopping this holiday season? If so, remember to support the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop!, Our 2016 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Meet Lee and ChuCho, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Today is #NationalMuttDay! Let's celebrate by posting a photo of your pooch in the comments section! 

Are you looking for a canine companion to celebrate this special day with? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to view all of our adoptable pooches!, Meet BB, a sweet 4.5-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. BB came to the APL as a stray and is ready to find a home to call his own!

More about BB: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22203764&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Thank you for your support on #GivingTuesday! We raised more than $9,000 on this day of giving. Your donation will make a difference for the nearly 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year, so thank you from the bottom of our hearts.

Still want to make a donation? You can do so by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, It's not too late to make a gift to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday! Participate on this day of giving and make a difference in the lives of the nearly 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year.

DONATE NOW: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Help us help more animals like Sia by making a donation to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday! https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015

Sia's Story:
A tiny kitten named Sia was brought to the Cleveland APL by a Good Samaritan who found him in horrible shape in the middle of the road. He was in desperate need of help. Our veterinary team examined Sia upon his arrival and diagnosed him with an Upper Reparatory Infection (URI) and also with conjunctivitis. He was covered in fleas, and, as a result of these fleas, poor Sia was severely anemic and needed a blood transfusion to survive. 

Our amazing staff determined that in order to get Sia the transfusion that he desperately needed, we would need a healthy adult cat who would be still and cooperate for a few minutes. The cat who ended up being Sia’s lifeline was a sweet cat named Lucy. Two teaspoons of blood were taken from Lucy and transfused to the orphaned baby. 

After receiving this life-saving care, Sia spent time in a loving foster home, healing and receiving the care that he needed. Sia’s foster family soon decided that they couldn’t part ways with the adorable kitten, and they adopted him!, On #GivingTuesday, support the Cleveland APL and the nearly 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year.

Your gift will make a difference: a donation of $500 will provide food for all shelter animals for approximately four days!

Donate Now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Help us help more animals like Riggins by making a donation to the Cleveland APL today! #GivingTuesday 

DONATE NOW: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015

Riggin's Story:
King John, now named Riggins, was surrendered to the APL at just 3 months old. 

The hound mix pup was very underweight and had severe eye and skin conditions when he first arrived at the APL. Riggins received the medical treatment he so desperately needed, then spent some time in a loving APL Foster Care volunteer’s home. His foster moms fell in love with the sweet boy and so did their dog, Kemper! When they brought him back to the APL for adoption, they decided that they just couldn’t part with the adorable pup, and they adopted him on the spot! Riggins is now enjoying his life with his wonderful family. This special pup was featured as one of the VIPs (Very Important Pooches) at our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala this year!, We have raised $4,729.50 so far on this day of giving! Will you help us reach our goal of raising $10,000 for animals in need by making a donation today?

Did you know that a donation of $100 to the Cleveland APL will provide dental cleanings for 2 cats? #GivingTuesday

Make your gift now and make a difference by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Rocky, an adorable 2-year-old kitty, was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray in May.  While in our care, Rocky was treated for conjunctivitis and also for entropion, a painful condition of the eye. After receiving the love and care that he needed at the APL, Rocky was adopted! 

Help us help more animals like Rocky by making a donation to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday! 
DONATE NOW: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, On #GivingTuesday, support the Cleveland APL and the nearly 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year.

Your gift will make a difference: a donation of $50 will provide core vaccines for 10 cats or dogs at the APL. 

Donate now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Please support the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday by visiting  https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015. Help us to reach our goal of raising $10,000 on this day of giving.

Tonio's Story:
On April 16, 2015, our Humane Investigations team rescued 33 Shih Tzus, including Tonio, from a hoarding/breeding situation. The dogs were covered in filth and had so much matted hair that many could not move their limbs. 

Tonio was no exception. His fur was horribly matted and he was in desperate need of grooming. Upon examination, Tonio was diagnosed with whipworm and was in need of a dental treatment. After receiving the love, treatment and grooming that he so desperately needed, Tonio met his new, loving parents. Tonio now spends his days snuggling with his mom and dad and playing with his big canine brother, Zorro., We need your support to help us reach our goal of raising $10,000 on this day of giving!  #GivingTuesday

Your gift will make a difference: a donation of $25 will feed cats and kittens for approximately half a day at the Cleveland APL.

Donate now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Your #GivingTuesday donation will allow us to help more animals like Chance. 

Donate now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015

Chance's Story:
In September, a Good Samaritan came to the Cleveland APL with a young, grey cat who had an arrow embedded in his back.  The cat, given the name Chance by APL staff, was also missing a back paw from an old injury or birth defect.

Chance was in pain and suffering with the arrow in his back for what we believe to be at least a couple of weeks, if not more. When he arrived at the Cleveland APL, Chance was immediately treated and cared for by the APL’s veterinary team, and the arrow was surgically removed from his body. He also had to undergo a second surgery to amputate his back leg so he could get around easier and alleviate his pain.

After spending time recuperating in the home of a loving APL foster care volunteer, Chance was finally ready to find his happily ever after. He did just that with his new family when he was adopted in October! Chance is already enjoying his new life with his loving family thanks to a Good Samaritan who took the time to care and the Cleveland APL's programs and services, which are made possible through donations., Your donation to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday will allow us to help more animals like Cola. Donate now by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015

Cola's Story:
When Cola, a sweet 4-year-old Pit Bull mix, was surrendered to the Cleveland APL, she was in bad shape. She had mange covering her face and paws, and she also had entropion, a painful eye condition. Cola was treated by our veterinary team, and it took some time for this beautiful pooch to heal.

Cola spent some time in the home of a loving APL Foster Care volunteer before she was ready to come back to the Cleveland APL. When she did, she looked great – her fur had grown back and her eye was doing much better. 

APL staff and volunteers quickly fell in love with the adorable pooch. It took Cola some time to find a loving home to call her own – about 3 months. But Cola is now living the happy life that she so deserves!, Today is #GivingTuesday! 

We are participating during this day of giving by sharing stories of some of the very special animals who have come through our doors in 2015 in need of help. 

The Cleveland Animal Protective League relies solely on donations and program fees to investigate and prosecute animal cruelty in Cuyahoga County and assist nearly 15,000 homeless animals a year through a variety of progressive programs.

DONATE NOW: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Tomorrow is #GivingTuesday but you can make a donation right now to support the Cleveland APL! Simply visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015 to make your donation in celebration of this day of giving. 

Also, be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL tomorrow!, Meet Teddy, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Teddy is a 1-year-old Shepherd/Boxer mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Teddy today!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29922830&location=Cleveland+APL, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Katherine Boyd shares the reason why she is supporting the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday - her pooch Donovan who she adopted from the APL! #UNselfie

Giving Tuesday will take place TOMORROW! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday, December 1!, Meet Gracie, a sweet 3-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma. Gracie came to the APL as a stray in September and has been waiting for a loving home ever since. #MeowMonday

More about Gracie: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29719384&location=Parma+PetSmart, After doing some holiday shopping on Black Friday and Cyber Monday, please think of the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday, a global day of giving. Help us reach our goal of raising $10,000 for the animals tomorrow by making a donation to support the Cleveland APL and make a difference in the lives of the nearly 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year. 

Donate early by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=%23GivingTuesday%202015, Save the Date! Rocky River Library's 4th annual Critter Christmas Party is Saturday, December 19th from 11am - 3pm. 

Make a furry friend's holiday dreams come true by dropping off a gift from the Cleveland Animal Protective League's Amazon Wish List (https://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV) and stay to meet animals looking for forever homes. Bring the kids to make a pet-friendly gift for your pet or donate it to one in need at the APL!, Are you planning on doing online shopping today during #CyberMonday? If so, remember the Cleveland APL when you do! 

When you do your holiday shopping on Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League. Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop!, Don't forget - #GivingTuesday will take place this Tuesday, December 1! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday!, Have you checked out a preview of our 2016 Pet Calendar yet? If not, be sure to visit https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/ to preview and purchase the calendar!

Not only do they make a great holiday gift but you will also be supporting the Cleveland APL in the process!, Join the Cleveland APL at the annual Cleveland Pops Happy Holidays concert tomorrow at Playhouse Square! Enjoy traditional holiday music, carols, an audience sing-along, as well as fun family activities in the Connor Palace lobby, such as adorable, adoptable pets from area shelters and rescues…. And Santa Claus, too, of course! 

http://www.playhousesquare.org/events/detail/cleveland-pops-orchestra-happy-holidays, Join the Cleveland APL at the annual Cleveland Pops Happy Holidays concert this Sunday at Playhouse Square! Enjoy traditional holiday music, carols, an audience sing-along, as well as fun family activities in the Connor Palace lobby, such as adorable, adoptable pets from area shelters and rescues…. And Santa Claus, too, of course! 

http://www.playhousesquare.org/events/detail/cleveland-pops-orchestra-happy-holidays, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Remember to visit either of our adoption center locations today only to adopt a cat for $10 or kitten for $25! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store and meet some wonderful kitties just like Cookie! Cookie is a sweet 9-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our Tremont location!

More about reduced adoption fees today only: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday

View our adoptable animals: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, My Cleveland APL gives animals a second chance. Thanks to our Second Chance Program, we are able to help extraordinary animals overcome extraordinary circumstances.

As a nonprofit organization on a limited budget, we are frequently challenged by the cost of medical care for the animals who arrive at our doorstep. If you believe that every animal deserves the same care and attention that you would give your own pet, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/ to learn about our Second Chance Program and how you can contribute. #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, As if adopting a new furry friend for a reduced adoption fee was not reason enough to come to the Cleveland APL today, check out our #BlackFriday sale! We have fabulous items for your pets on sale today only!

Learn about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Richie, community advocate for the Cleveland APL’s TNR Program, shares the reason why she is supporting the APL this #GivingTuesday! #UNselfie

Giving Tuesday will take place on Tuesday, December 1! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday!, Adopt LOVE today only! All cats are available for adoption for only $10 and kittens are available for only $25. We are certain that there’s not a better “deal” to be found anywhere for people who are looking for the gift of unconditional love and companionship this holiday season. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Are you planning on doing online shopping this weekend? If so, remember the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping on Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League. Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop!, Happy Thanksgiving from the Cleveland APL!

Our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma are closed today. We will be back open tomorrow with reduced adoption fees!
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday, null, Please note: Our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. Both locations will be back open on Friday with reduced adoption fees!

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Wills & Snyder in the Morning are sharing the reasons why they are supporting the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday!  #UNselfie

Giving Tuesday will take place next week! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday, December 1!, This season’s most sought after – and most elusive – holiday desire is available now at the Cleveland APL: LOVE!  

On Friday, November 27th only, all cats will be available for adoption for only $10 and kittens will be available for only $25. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Our friend Faith Nezovich of Newsradio WTAM 1100/ Total Traffic Network took this sweet photo of her kitty Gibson! Gibson shares why he is supporting the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday with his adorable #UNselfie. :)

Giving Tuesday will take place in one week! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday, December 1!, Looking for your very own grumpy cat this holiday season? Looking for a reason to tell the in-laws the spare bedroom is taken? Then we have the perfect cat for you! Meet Fogarty. This feisty feline has been waiting for her forever home since early spring. Because of this, she is a little grumpy - but who wouldn’t be?? Come meet this unique kitty and open your heart and home to a feline in need this holiday season!

More about Fogarty: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=10577624&location=Cleveland+APL, One week until #GivingTuesday! Want to show your friends and family why you will support the Cleveland APL this Giving Tuesday? Print this #UNselfie template, share your reasons for supporting the APL using the hash tags #GivingTuesday and #SupportTheAPL!, Make a difference for pets in shelters like ours! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1KKQtEQ. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, Meet Latte, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Latte is a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Latte today!
More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29503475&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Buster, a sweet 2-year-old tabby who is waiting for the purrfect home at our adoption center in Tremont. Buster was brought to the APL as a stray and has been waiting for a home ever since. Visit this handsome boy today! #MeowMonday

More about Buster: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29996782&location=Cleveland+APL, ******LOST DOG******  ShyShy, a Retriever mix who was spending time in a Cleveland APL foster home, ran away yesterday. She slipped out of her collar. ShyShy is shy and a bit nervous around people and loves other dogs - she could possibly be lured into another house with a dog. If you see ShyShy, please do not attempt to run after her, as she will run.  

ShyShy was last seen at about 9:30 p.m. on November 22 in Lakewood near W.117th & Franklin. If you spot her, please call the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 and your local Animal Control. Thank you!, This season’s most sought after – and most elusive – holiday desire is available now at the Cleveland Animal Protective League: LOVE!  We are getting into the holiday spirit this Black Friday by offering reduced adoption fees to animal lovers who would like to add a cold nose with a warm heart to their family.  

On Friday, November 27th, only, all cats will be available for adoption for only $10 and kittens will be available for only $25.  We are certain that there’s not a better “deal” to be found anywhere for people who are looking for the gift of unconditional love and companionship this holiday season. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios is back again with a new Cleveland APL Charity Ornament for 2015. This year’s design features a beautiful quote from Walt Whitman, as well as a heart paw print symbolizing the special place we hold for our beloved pets. For every ornament purchased, $5 will be donated to the Cleveland Animal Protective League to help fund their protection and adoption services. Each 3-inch round, hand-etched ornament comes complete with a silver cord and suction cup hanger for display in a window. 

They are now available for purchase online at http://madison-design-studios.com/cleveland/2015-apl-ornament., Have you checked out a preview of our 2016 Pet Calendar yet? If not, be sure to visit https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/ to preview and purchase the calendar!

Not only do they make a great holiday gift but you will also be supporting the Cleveland APL in the process!, Our cats and kittens had fun with signs today at the Cleveland APL! Check out Fogarty's #catshaming photo and Jacqueline's cat fish outfit. Also, Chucho wants you to check him out!

View information about all of these adorable kitties by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, My Cleveland APL believes in helping animals through spay and neuter.

At the Cleveland APL, we are committed to ending the cat overpopulation crisis through our Trap-Neuter-Return Program. If you are caring for a cat outside, we invite you to be part of the solution to cat overpopulation and take advantage of our services! Through our Animal Welfare Clinic, we are able to offer many helpful services for feral cats and their caretakers. 

Learn more by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/

View other spay/neuter resources: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/other-spayneuter-resources/ #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Are you looking for your very own Grumpy Cat this holiday season? Looking for a reason to tell the in-laws the spare bedroom is taken? Then we have the perfect cat (or cats!) for you! 

Meet Harriet (right) and Fogarty. Both of these feisty felines have been waiting for their forever homes in the shelter since early spring. Because of this, they are both a little grumpy - but who wouldn’t be?? Come meet these two unique kitties and open your heart and home to a feline in need this holiday season! 

Learn more about these two at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Cleveland APL volunteer Chris shares why he supports the APL! Share your #UNselfie before #GivingTuesday: https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Unselfie.jpg

Giving Tuesday will take place in less than two weeks! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday, December 1!, Thank you to Cynthia who made and sold ribbons for her senior project to benefit the Cleveland APL!, November is #AdoptaSeniorPetMonth! Meet Patches:

I am a fun-loving Australian Cattle Dog/Retriever mix currently available for adoption at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont. I’m so full of energy you’d never guess I’m 10 years old! I have the energy of a pup half my age, so if you’re looking for a new friend who can be both a hiking buddy when you’re ready for fun and a snoozing buddy when you need to chill out, I may be the dog for you!

More about Patches: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29947475&location=Cleveland+APL, Leading up to #GivingTuesday on December 1st, print and share your #UNselfie and tell your Facebook friends why you are supporting the Cleveland APL this Giving Tuesday!, Check it out! The Cleveland APL is being featured this week as a Shelter of Excellence on Animal Planet's website!, We're only two weeks away from #GivingTuesday, a global day dedicated to giving back, to celebrate generosity and to give. You can celebrate on this day by supporting the Cleveland APL. Stay tuned to our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) for more information in the coming weeks!, Have you checked out a preview of our 2016 Pet Calendar yet? If not, be sure to visit https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/ to preview and purchase the calendar!

Not only do they make a great holiday gift but you will also be supporting the Cleveland APL in the process!, Check out the new Cleveland APL billboard on the Lorain-Carnegie Bridge! Have you spotted one of our fabulous "My Cleveland APL - Where Happy Happens" billboards or kiosks around town yet? If so, snap a photo and share using the hash tags #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Andrea and Matthew, Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteers share why they support the Cleveland APL while holding their two adorable foster kittens! #UNselfie #GivingTuesday

Giving Tuesday will take place in two weeks! Be sure to follow our website (www.ClevelandAPL.org), Facebook page, and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to support the APL on Tuesday, December 1!, Have you checked out a preview of our 2016 Pet Calendar yet? If not, be sure to visit https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/ to preview and purchase the calendar! 

Not only do they make a great holiday gift but you will also be supporting the Cleveland APL in the process!, Are you ready to take a hike with a new furry pal? What better day to do that then #NationalTakeAHikeDay! Bear, Patches, and Rascal are all waiting for loving homes and would be great hiking buddies, too!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to view all of our adoptable dogs and puppies today!, Are you planning on doing online shopping this holiday season? If so, remember to support the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League. 

Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop!, Meet Rascal, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Rascal is an adorable 

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29947475&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Dallas, a very playful and sweet 1-year-old cat who is available for adoption in her loving foster home. She loves attention, to be pet, and to be around people. Dallas is still very much a kitten and enjoys running around and chasing everything!

Dallas' foster mom says "Dallas does great with her canine foster sibling and children! She isn't a fan of other cats, but with the right cat and the right introductions, a multi-cat home could be possible for her."  

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29599335&location=Foster to learn more about Dallas and call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 with any questions you may have., We had our 2,800th adoption last night at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!  Miles, a 13-year old kitty who had been with us since the beginning of August found his new family! :), Meet Fogarty, a beautiful 5.5-year-old cat who was brought to the APL in March due to allergies. Fogarty is a little shy at first, but will warm up to you!  This pretty girl would love to find a home soon. #MeowMonday

More about Fogarty: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=10577624&location=Cleveland+APL, Do you have an extra seat at your table during your “Friendsgiving” dinner this year? If so, consider adding a feline friend to your festivities! At this time of year, when we take stock of our lives and relationships, ask yourself if you could benefit from the companionship of a sweet, loving, and wonderful rescue cat. The answer is always, “Yes!”

Today is the last day of #Friendsgiving! Visit either of our adoption center locations today to add a furry friend to your family.
https://clevelandapl.org/host-the-purrfect-friendsgiving-with-a-feline-friend/, Our 2016 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting:
https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Adopt a new kitty companion today or tomorrow for a reduced $5 adoption fee!

Here are just a few reasons why you should invite a feline friend to join you at your #Friendsgiving dinner table and life: if you start to feel stress from all of the necessary preparations, know that cats provide natural stress relief; if your friends get bored before the meal starts, they can play with your cat—adopt two cats for even more shenanigans; your new feline companion will lounge on the couch with you all night once your bellies are full!

Read about reduced adoption fees: https://clevelandapl.org/host-the-purrfect-friendsgiving-with-a-feline-friend/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Be sure to visit either of our adoption locations this weekend to adopt a furry friend for a reduced fee during #Friendsgiving!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/host-the-purrfect-friendsgiving-with-a-feline-friend/, #Friendsgiving is taking place today through Sunday, so visit either of our adoption center locations to adopt a feline friend! 

At this time of year, when we take stock of our lives and relationships, ask yourself if you could benefit from the companionship of a sweet, loving, and wonderful rescue cat. The answer is always, “Yes!”

Read about reduced adoption fees and view our adoptable cats:
https://clevelandapl.org/host-the-purrfect-friendsgiving-with-a-feline-friend/, Our 2016 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: 
https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Save the Date: We're three weeks away from #GivingTuesday! You can support the Cleveland APL this Giving Tuesday, on December 1. More details to come!, My Cleveland APL took care of me when I was homeless and alone.

Through our life-saving programs and services, such as Animal Admissions, Adoptions, Humane Investigations, Volunteer Program, Trap-Neuter-Return Program, Animal Welfare Clinic Services, and project CARE, we are there to help animals in need. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/ to learn more about our programs and services. #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Here are just a few reasons why you should invite a feline friend to join you at your #Friendsgiving dinner table and life: if you start to feel stress from all of the necessary preparations, know that cats provide natural stress relief; if your friends get bored before the meal starts, they can play with your cat—adopt two cats for even more shenanigans; your new feline companion will lounge on the couch with you all night once your bellies are full!

Read about reduced adoption fees: https://clevelandapl.org/host-the-purrfect-friendsgiving-with-a-feline-friend/, Do you have a spot open at your dinner table for one more? Leon is looking for a place to spend #Friendsgiving this year! This adorable 8-month-old kitten was found outside of the front door of the APL's adoption center in Tremont last month and has been looking for a loving home ever since. 

More about Leon: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29929910&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Do you have an extra seat at your table during your “Friendsgiving” dinner this year? If so, consider adding a feline friend to your festivities! 

At this time of year, when we take stock of our lives and relationships, ask yourself if you could benefit from the companionship of a sweet, loving, and wonderful rescue cat. The answer is always, “Yes!”  

Read about reduced adoption fees: https://clevelandapl.org/host-the-purrfect-friendsgiving-with-a-feline-friend/, Our 2016 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each.

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Meet Patches, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Patches is a handsome 10-year-old Retriever/Australian Cattle Dog mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Patches does great with other dogs, cats, and kids!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29947475&location=Cleveland+APL, UPDATE: Just after this was posted, Bandicoot got adopted!!!!!

Bandicoot is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! This handsome boy is available for just a $50 adoption fee. Visit Bandicoot today!

More about Bandicoot: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22836072&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Ludwig, an adorable 2-year-old kitty who is waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. Ludwig was brought to the APL as a stray in October and is very sweet! #MeowMonday

More about Ludwig: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=30000956&location=Parma+PetSmart, What a fantastic evening on Saturday at Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015)! Thank you to all of our guests who attended and helped us to raise more than $243,000 for our Second Chance Program!

Want to learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/., Our 2016 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each. 

Preview the calendar and place your order now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/2016-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to view all of the fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL!, Our annual gala fund-raiser, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015) was held tonight at the InterContinental Hotel Cleveland. Over 400 guests enjoyed wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from two VIPS (Very Important Pooches), Riggins and Sky. Guests helped us to raise more than $243,000 to benefit our Second Chance Program, which provides veterinary care for animals who need another chance!, The iconic Terminal Tower in Cleveland will glow purple tonight from 7 p.m. to midnight in celebration of #AnimalShelterAppreciationWeek. Tonight is also our annual Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala fund-raiser! The event will benefit our Second Chance Program.

If you are out and about downtown tonight, make sure to snap a photo of the Terminal Tower and share it on social media using the hash tag #PurpleForTheCAPL!

Learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, Today is #EmptyTheSheltersDay! Visit the Cleveland APL's two adoption center locations to meet our wonderful adoptable animals. Who knows - you might bring home your new best friend today!

To view our location information, please visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Meet our adoptable animals at SouthPark Mall today from 11am to 3pm! You can usually find our Offsite Adoptions team in Center Court, but the location may occasionally vary.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Meet our adoptable animals at SouthPark Mall tomorrow from 11am to 3pm! You can usually find our Offsite Adoptions team in Center Court, but the location may occasionally vary.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, The iconic Terminal Tower in Cleveland will glow purple tomorrow night from 7 p.m. to midnight in celebration of #AnimalShelterAppreciationWeek during our annual Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala fund-raiser, which benefits our Second Chance Program.

Learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program, Our volunteers show devotion, dedication, compassion and love every day at the Cleveland APL!  

Volunteers are the heart of our organization and are vital team members who help us to achieve the impossible, fulfill our mission, inspire us to be our best, and advocate for animals and their care throughout our community. Learn more about our volunteer program: https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/, My Cleveland APL makes the world a better place for pets and people. 

Did you adopt your furry friend from the Cleveland APL? How did he or she change your life for the better? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/ to learn about our adoption program. #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Tomorrow is #EmptyTheSheltersDay! Visit the Cleveland APL's two adoption center locations to meet our wonderful adoptable animals. Who knows - you might bring home your new best friend tomorrow!

To view our location information, please visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Harriet: Cleveland’s Very Own Grumpy Cat

Meet Harriet.  Sure, she might look like your average house cat who is content sleeping on your computer keyboard and chasing the occasional laser points, but don’t be fooled.  Harriet is a diva in cat form.  She is queen of the felines.  She is the definition of “cattitude.”  Harriet is looking for an experienced human to meet her every desire.  When she wants catnip, you better have it.  When she needs to be brushed, do so immediately.  When it’s time for bed, don’t you dare disturb her.  So, if you’re a self-proclaimed cat person who is looking for a cat with a BIG personality then come down to the Cleveland APL and meet Harriet…if you’re brave enough., Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Wakeman, a 7-year-old Rat Terrier mix who was adopted from the APL on Monday ran away from his home on Quincy Avenue in Cleveland this morning. He does not have tags on. 

Please call the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 or the local police department if you see Wakeman. Thank you., Tracey, Animal Care Technician at the Cleveland APL is taking care of our small mammals. Our Animal Care team provides our animals with clean bedding and cages, enrichment, and of course, food, water, and lots of love before they find loving homes.

The two adorable rabbits pictured here are Ash and Ava. Ava is spending time in a play area while she waits for a home!  #BehindtheScenesattheAPL

View our adoptable small mammals: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, In honor of #AnimalShelterAppreciationWeek, we want to hear your Cleveland APL adoption story!

When did you adopt your pet? Did you pick your pet, or did you pet pick you? Share your adoption story and photos in the comments section below!, Ozzy is having fun testing out an adorable pet bed which will be featured in our silent auction at Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015)! 

To view a teaser of some of our fabulous live and silent auction items, please visit: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/., Meet Sunny, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Sunny is a handsome 9-year-old Rat Terrier mix who is ready to find a loving family at our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29679569&location=Parma+PetSmart, Meet Darling Momma,  a beautiful 2.5-year-old girl who is sweet as can be and is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29270383&location=Cleveland+APL to learn more about this cutie!
#MeowMonday, Looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Check them out here: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Happy Halloween!  Find an extra-special Halloween treat this weekend at the Cleveland APL–a new feline friend! Adopting a cat will fill your life with love and joy, and, unlike Halloween candy, cats won’t add inches to your waistline! Visit either of the Cleveland APL’s adoption center locations to adopt a frightfully fantastic cat during “Meowloween.”

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/meowloween/, Help celebrate the Downtown Cleveland Dog Park's first birthday today from 11am to 1pm with our adoptable animals!, Help celebrate the Downtown Cleveland Dog Park's first birthday tomorrow from 11am to 1pm with our adoptable animals!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Make sure to visit either of our adoption center locations today or tomorrow to adopt a new kitty companion for a reduced $10 adoption fee during “Meowloween!” https://clevelandapl.org/meowloween/, A big thank you to Jackson who collected donations for the Cleveland APL in celebration of his birthday! Jackson donated a variety of items for our animals including treats, beds, toys, and much more. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts, Jackson!, Ozzy, one of the happy feline residents of the administrative offices at the Cleveland APL is helping us prepare for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015)!

Learn more about the tail-wagging event of the year that will take place on Saturday, November 7: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Happy #Meowloween from all of us at the Cleveland APL!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/meowloween/ to view our reduced cat adoption fees today and tomorrow at both of our adoption center locations., My Cleveland APL is there for animals in need. 

Through our life-saving programs and services, such as Animal Admissions, Adoptions, Humane Investigations, Volunteer Program, Trap-Neuter-Return Program, Animal Welfare Clinic Services, and project CARE, we are there to help animals in need. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/ to learn more about our programs and services.  #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Check out this adorable video clip from yesterday's Kittens on Demand with Uber. During this purr-tastic day, four kittens were adopted! #UberKITTENS  http://www.cleveland19.com/story/30387349/uber-delivers-kittens-all-over-cleveland, Find an extra-special Halloween treat this weekend at the Cleveland APL–a new feline friend! Adopting a cat will fill your life with love and joy, and, unlike Halloween candy, cats won’t add inches to your waistline! Visit either of the Cleveland APL’s adoption center locations to adopt a frightfully fantastic cat during “Meowloween.”

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/meowloween/, Banfield Pet Hospital associates came to the Cleveland APL yesterday to give back and volunteer their time and talents to help our animals. Thank you so much for everything you did for the APL and our animals yesterday, Banfield!

Photo credit: Greg Murray Photography, Our kittens are ending their busy day during #UberKITTENS with a visit to Quicken Loans Arena where our Cleveland Cavaliers and Lake Erie Monsters play! What a purrfect ending to a fur-tastic day!, One of the final stops during #UberKITTENS today was visiting our friends at Newsradio WTAM 1100! Check out these adorable shots of Faith Nezovich, Pat Butler, and Ray Davis., Bill Squire and Erika Lauren from The Alan Cox Show on WMMS got to snuggle some kitties! #UberKITTENS Uber Ohio, #UberKITTENS visited CBS Local, Junior Achievement of Greater Cleveland, and Jakprints!

Need a break? Request Uber KITTENS today and meet some of our purrfect, adoptable kittens!

More at: http://newsroom.uber.com/2015/10/uberkittens-are-back, At America SCORES!, Our kittens made appearances at Playhouse Square and American Greetings! #UberKITTENS, Our kitties at their visit at ONOSYS Online Ordering! #UberKITTENS Request your visit - http://newsroom.uber.com/2015/10/uberkittens-are-back/, Today is #NationalCatDay! 

Did you adopt your cat from the Cleveland APL during the month of October? Share his or her photo in the comments section below and celebrate your kitty today!

(Ferdinand is currently waiting for a loving home: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29973794&location=Cleveland+APL), The kittens are ready to hit the road during #UberKITTENS! Request kittens in the app starting at 11am til 3pm today! http://newsroom.uber.com/2015/10/uberkittens-are-back/, From 11 am to 3 pm today, Uber users in Cleveland will be able to push a button and snuggle with some kittens! All kittens will be provided by the Cleveland Animal Protective League and chaperoned by both a shelter and Uber representative at every stop. For just a $30 “snuggle fee,” Clevelanders will get 15 minutes of kitten playtime and Uber will in turn support the Cleveland Animal Protective League. #UberKITTENS

HOW IT WORKS: https://t.e2ma.net/message/o5o07/opkefb, Tell your purrrr-sonal assistant to clear your calendar. Tomorrow will be anything but business as usual. It’s time for on-demand kittens in Cleveland!

From 11 am to 3 pm on Thursday, Uber users in Cleveland will be able to push a button and snuggle with some kittens! All kittens will be provided by Cleveland Animal Protective League and chaperoned by both a shelter and Uber representative at every stop. For just a $30 “snuggle fee,” Clevelanders will get 15 minutes of kitten playtime and Uber will in turn support the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

HOW IT WORKS:
• Open your Uber app between 11 am - 3 pm.
• Request the “KITTENS” option in your app.
• Once the kittens arrive, you and your friends will get to enjoy 15 minutes of kitten cuteness! PRO TIP: Make sure to have an enclosed space purrrfect for playtime!
• The best part? Kittens are eligible for adoption at the end of the day!

*If you’re lucky enough to request kittens to your office, please make sure your boss or building is going to be cool with the meows and that no one in the area is allergic. Also, having a dedicated room for kitten playtime is pre-furred! #UberKITTENS 
More at: http://newsroom.uber.com/2015/10/uberkittens-are-back/, Find an extra-special Halloween treat this weekend at the Cleveland APL– a new feline friend! Adopting a cat will fill your life with love and joy, and, unlike Halloween candy, cats won’t add inches to your waistline! Visit either of the Cleveland APL’s adoption center locations to adopt a frightfully fantastic cat during “Meowloween.” 

Beginning on Friday, October 30, adoption fees will be reduced at the Cleveland APL and the PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. Cats over 1 year will have a reduced adoption fee of $10.  The fees will also be reduced at both locations on Saturday, October 31. https://clevelandapl.org/meowloween/, Check out this article that busts the myths about adopting black cats around Halloween: http://blogs.bestfriends.org/index.php/2011/10/27/myth-buster-adopting-black-cats-at-halloween/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Mercades and her six adorable kittens are spending time together at the Cleveland APL before heading to a loving foster home. Mercades was pregnant when she arrived at the APL earlier this month and gave birth just a few days later. #BehindtheScenesattheAPL

Learn about how you can become a Foster Care volunteer: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care, Happy #NationalBlackCatDay!

Princess is one of our many wonderful black kitties who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL! Princess is 2 years old and is very sweet.

View all of our adorable black cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, A big thank you to Tiffany and Tyrone who brought in lots of wonderful items that they purchased to donate to the Cleveland APL. Your support is greatly appreciated!, Meet Halo, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Halo is a beautiful 1-year-old Pit Bull mix who is ready to find a loving family at our adoption center in Tremont.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29525760&location=Cleveland+APL, JUST 6 DAYS LEFT TO SUBMIT YOUR CLEVELAND APL ADOPTION STORY:

The Petco Foundation in partnership with Halo, Purely for Pets, has announced its Holiday Wishes grant campaign, and we have the opportunity to receive $100,000 with your help! If you adopted your pet from the Cleveland APL, you can share your story and nominate us!

For more information visit: www.petco.com/holidaywishes. #HolidayWishes2015

*If you are interested in submitting a story, please send us a private Facebook message or email us at contact@clevelandapl.org and we will provide you with the contact information to include in your submission., Meet Saphire, a beautiful 1-year-old kitty who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray earlier this month. Saphire is adorable and very sweet and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. #MeowMonday

More about Saphire: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29927208&location=Cleveland+APL, Remember Chance, the sweet kitty who was brought to the APL by a Good Samaritan who found him with an arrow embedded in his back in September? Well, this is Chance now!

After arriving at the Cleveland APL, Chance was immediately treated and cared for by our veterinary team and the arrow was surgically removed from his body. He also had to undergo a second surgery to amputate his back leg so he could get around easier.

Chance spent some time recuperating in the home of a loving APL foster care volunteer, and soon, he was ready to find his happily ever after. He did just that with his new family when he was adopted over the weekend! Chance is already enjoying his new life with his loving family thanks to a Good Samaritan who took the time to care and our incredible team and Second Chance Program.

To learn more about our Second Chance Program, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, Paige stopped by over the weekend with lots of donations she collected at her 9th birthday party! 

Also, Jonah and Ellie came to the Cleveland APL to drop off monetary donations that they collected at their combined birthday party. They asked that everyone bring a dollar for the APL instead of a gift to the party. They averaged $2 per guest and collected a total of $70 to donate to help our animals!

Thank you to Paige, Jonah, and Ellie for your kindness!, Check out all of the fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Carrie adopted her dog Rocky from our PetSmart Charities EAC last summer. Carrie stopped by the EAC yesterday to bring us a shopping cart full of donations that she collected! She was motivated to do the collection partly as a thank you to the APL for bringing Rocky into her life, and partly in memory of her previous dog who had sadly passed away. Thank you for your support and kindness, Carrie!, Crocker Park’s annual Halloween Pet Costume Contest will be taking place today! The contest will be held on Main Street, between Gymboree and Francesca’s Collection.  First, second and third place prizes will be awarded to the pets with the scariest, cutest and most original costumes.  All proceeds made this day will be donated to the Cleveland APL. Registration is $5 per pet.

Our Offsite Adoptions team will also be there with adoptable dogs and cats!, Crocker Park’s annual Halloween Pet Costume Contest is taking place tomorrow, Saturday, October 24! The contest will take place on Main Street, between Gymboree and Francesca’s Collection.  First, second and third place prizes will be awarded to the pets with the scariest, cutest and most original costumes. All proceeds made this day will be donated to the Cleveland APL. Registration is $5 per pet.

Our Offsite Adoptions team will also be there with adoptable dogs and cats!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Meet Alex, a lovable and adorable 9-year-old Boston Terrier mix who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. This handsome pooch does not have eyes, as they were surgically removed before he was brought to the APL. He was surrendered to the APL by his owners who could no longer care for him.

Alex does great with kids, loves to play with toys, and is housebroken. His lack of vision hasn't slowed him down at all - he just needs a little help being shown where things are! Visit this sweet boy today - you won't regret it!  #AdoptAShelterDogMonth

More about Alex: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29979886&location=Cleveland+APL, My Cleveland APL cares for animals who are sick or injured and have no family to care for them. Scooter, the adorable Chihuahua pictured, was brought to the APL in need of help. His leg was broken and his owners could not afford the medical care to treat his injury. The APL provided the medical treatment Scooter needed to heal his injury and start a new life. Soon, Scooter was adopted by his new loving mom and dad. 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/ to learn about our Second Chance Program and how you can contribute and help us help more animals like Scooter. #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Visit the Ohio City Pasta stand at the West Side Market today now until close (6 pm) and support the Cleveland APL! All proceeds from today’s sales will benefit the APL.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Debbie and Frank kindly made and donated a wonderful feeding station for community cats who live outside!, Bring your appetite and visit Cleveland APL staff and volunteers at the Ohio City Pasta stand at the West Side Market throughout the day today! We will be “taking over” the Ohio City Pasta food stand from now until closing.  All proceeds from the sales today will benefit the APL.

We look forward to seeing you at the West Side Market on West 25th and Lorain for a day of food, shopping, people-watching, and supporting your Cleveland Animal Protective League.  Bon appetit!, The sales team from the Cleveland Browns helped out at the APL today! The team brought in donations for our animals, worked on animal enrichment items, and also had some play time with the pooches both in our play yards and inside of the shelter.

*To view information about possible group volunteer opportunities at the Cleveland APL, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/faqs/., Are you looking for another reason to visit Cleveland’s historic West Side Market? Have you been looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Well, bring your appetite and visit APL staff and volunteers at the Ohio City Pasta stand at the West Side Market throughout the day tomorrow, Friday, October 23rd.

APL staff members and volunteers will “take over” the Ohio City Pasta food stand from 7AM until closing. All proceeds from Friday’s sales will benefit the Cleveland APL., JUST 10 DAYS LEFT TO SUBMIT YOUR ENTRY!

The Petco Foundation in partnership with Halo, Purely for Pets, has announced its Holiday Wishes grant campaign, and we have the opportunity to receive $100,000 with your help! If you adopted your pet from the Cleveland APL, you can share your story and nominate us!

For more information visit: www.petco.com/holidaywishes. #HolidayWishes2015

*If you are interested in submitting a story, please send us a private Facebook message or email us at contact@clevelandapl.org and we will provide you with the contact information to include in your submission., Angela, Cleveland APL Dog Grooming Volunteer extraordinaire is giving Buddie a bath before he heads to the adoption floor!  #BehindtheScenesattheAPL

View all of our adoptable dogs and puppies at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Are you looking for another reason to visit Cleveland’s historic West Side Market?  Have you been looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL?  Well, bring your appetite and visit APL staff and volunteers at the Ohio City Pasta stand at the West Side Market throughout the day this Friday, October 23rd.

APL staff members and volunteers will “take over” the Ohio City Pasta food stand from 7AM until closing.  All proceeds from Friday’s sales will benefit the Cleveland APL., Have you purchased your tickets to Cold Noses, Warm Hearts Fur Ball 2015 yet? If not, make sure to get yours before the extended October 23 deadline! The tail-wagging event of the year will take place on Saturday, November 7.

Read about how to purchase your tickets and to view our fabulous live and silent auction items by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Meet Rip Tide, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek!

Rip Tide is an adorable 5-year-old Retriever/Shar-Pei mix who is ready to find a loving family at our adoption center in Tremont.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=9747236&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Simba, a sweet 5-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Simba's owner could no longer care for him which is why he was brought to the APL earlier this month. Come meet this sweet boy today! #MeowMonday

Learn more about Simba at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29841497&location=Cleveland+APL, Have you purchased your tickets to Cold Noses, Warm Hearts Fur Ball 2015 yet? If not, make sure to get yours before the extended October 23 deadline! The the tail-wagging event of the year will take place on Saturday, November 7.

Read about how to purchase your tickets and to view our fabulous live and silent auction items by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Join 92.3 The Fan at their Tailgate Party at the Barley House tomorrow or visit our staff and volunteers as they “take over” the Ohio City Pasta food stand at the West Side Market from 7 a.m. until closing on Friday, October 23 to support the Cleveland APL.

Learn about all of the fun ways your can support the Cleveland APL by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/., Meet our adoptable pooches at the Spooky Pooch Parade in Lakewood today!

Join in the fun as dogs of all shapes and sizes dressed in their finest Halloween fashions strut their stuff in the heart of Lakewood’s business district. Judges will award prizes in a number of categories with a faster more improved judging process. Enjoy entertainment, kids games, pumpkin patch, pet related vendors, dogs available for adoption from the Cleveland APL and great food and have a ball before and after the parade at Kauffman Park, behind Discount Drug Mart and Quaker Steak & Lube. Kids are encouraged to wear Halloween costumes and visit the vendors for a little early trick or treating.

Registration is $10 in advance, and $15 the day of the event, Meet our adoptable pooches at the Spooky Pooch Parade in Lakewood tomorrow!

Join in the fun as dogs of all shapes and sizes dressed in their finest Halloween fashions strut their stuff in the heart of Lakewood’s business district. Judges will award prizes in a number of categories with a faster more improved judging process. Enjoy entertainment, kids games, pumpkin patch, pet related vendors, dogs available for adoption from the Cleveland APL and great food and have a ball before and after the parade at Kauffman Park, behind Discount Drug Mart and Quaker Steak & Lube. Kids are encouraged to wear Halloween costumes and visit the vendors for a little early trick or treating.

Registration is $10 in advance, and $15 the day of the event, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, My Cleveland APL gives animals a second chance. Thanks to our Second Chance Program, we are able to help extraordinary animals overcome extraordinary circumstances.  

As a nonprofit organization on a limited budget, we are frequently challenged by the cost of medical care for the animals who arrive at our doorstep. If you believe that every animal deserves the same care and attention that you would give your own pet, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/ to learn about our Second Chance Program and how you can contribute. #MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, Today is Feral Cat Day! We are celebrating in our Animal Welfare Clinic all day long today by serving DOUBLE the number of homeless cats we normally do in one day through our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program. All surgeries today will be done free of charge, thanks to the generosity of the ASPCA®. 

During today’s “Double Day,” our incredible veterinary team will work to spay and neuter 70 cats! #FeralCatDay, It's #NationalBossesDay! Is your furry friend the boss in your household? Share a picture and tell us how!, Our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts Fur Ball gala on Saturday, November 7 will include wonderful silent and live auction items, items like a Cargill Salt Mine Tour!

Have you ever wondered where all the rock salt that melts the ice and snow on our highways and roads come from? Well, you can see for yourself! You and three of your friends can take this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to tour the Cargill Salt Mine, located 1,800 feet under Lake Erie. This 3-4 hour experience will sure be one to talk about!

Learn more about our silent and live auction items and our Fur Ball gala, which benefits our Second Chance Program, by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/. Tickets are available for purchase on our website, so be sure to get yours today!, Nike is a wonderful one-year-old puppy who is so full of energy you’d never know she’s on three legs! She’s the perfect fit for an experienced dog parent with energy to match this bouncy girl. Nike is ready for runs, hikes, and tons of play time! If you are ready to add some excitement to your home and have the time to give this girl all the love, attention, and exercise she needs, you can find her at our Tremont location. #AdoptAShelterDogMonth

More about Nike: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=27864244&location=Cleveland+APL, The Petco Foundation in partnership with Halo, Purely for Pets, has announced its Holiday Wishes grant campaign, and we have the opportunity to receive $100,000 with your help! If you adopted your pet from the Cleveland APL, you can share your story and nominate us!

For more information visit: www.petco.com/holidaywishes. #HolidayWishes2015

*If you are interested in submitting a story, please send us a private Facebook message or email us at contact@clevelandapl.org and we will provide you with the contact information to include in your submission., Meet Tiki, a handsome 3-year-old kitty who was surrendered to the APL by his owner. Tiki is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit him today!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29882465&location=Cleveland+APL, Tiny Man is missing from his home! If you are in the West Middlesex area of Pennsylvania, please keep an eye out for Tiny Man, a 1-year-old Terrier mix who was adopted from the APL in September. 

Please call the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 if you see Tiny Man., Have you ever wondered what the Cleveland APL's Trap-Neuter-Return process entails? Check out a behind the scenes look at what goes on when a community cat is brought to the APL through our TNR program.   

Our Veterinary team is here 5 days a week, helping to spay and neuter community cats.  #BehindtheScenesattheAPL

More about our TNR program: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/, Speedy is looking for a family! This adorable dwarf hamster is just 3 months old and ready to find his happily ever after. Visit Speedy at our adoption center in Tremont to meet him today!

More about Speedy: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/?animal_id=29607388&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Our adoptions team is having a ball spending time with Bud behind the adoptions desk! He is enjoying showing off some of his cool moves. :)

Learn more about Bud, a sweet 2-year-old Mastiff/Retriever mix by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29841125&location=Cleveland+APL, Celebrating #NationalVeterinaryTechnicianWeek with Katie, Val, Katie, and Natalie! Thank you for everything you do to treat and care for homeless animals in need at the Cleveland APL!, Only 50 days until #GivingTuesday! Be sure to stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter (@ClevelandAPL) to learn about how you can support the Cleveland APL this Giving Tuesday.

What is Giving Tuesday? Visit http://www.givingtuesday.org/ to learn more., Hill's Food, Shelter & Love™ program donates food for our homeless pets 365 days a year. This provides precisely balanced nutrition that helps these pets find their way to happier, healthier lives. We are proud to feed Hill's® Science Diet™!, The animals at the Cleveland APL are helping with a fun giveaway for a "Doc McStuffins: Pet Vet" DVD! The DVD also comes with a FREE exclusive pet collar! Enter for your chance to win a DVD copy by entering here, available November 3 – 
http://tinyurl.com/nzywaz3   

About "Doc McStuffins: Pet Vet"
Doc McStuffins opens a new veterinary practice in her backyard clinic where she treats stuffed animals and toys in "Doc McStuffins: Pet Vet." Including 5 themed episodes of the Peabody Award-winning animated series "Doc McStuffins," each highlighting lessons about care and responsibility for pets, the DVD also comes with a FREE exclusive pet collar.  “Doc McStuffins: Pet Vet” is a must own for any little one!  

View all of our wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/., Meet Bandicoot, Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas' Cleveland APL #DawgoftheWeek! 

Bandicoot is a sweet and handsome Chow Chow/Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22836072&location=Parma+PetSmart, Meet Brandy, a sweet 2-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Brandy was brought to the APL in September when she was abandoned by her owner. Visit this beautiful girl today! #MeowMonday

More about Brandy: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29731492&location=Cleveland+APL, Have you purchased your tickets to Cold Noses, Warm Hearts Fur Ball 2015 yet? If not, be sure to get yours before they sell out! The the tail-wagging event of the year will take place on Saturday, November 7.

Read about how to purchase your tickets, how to become a corporate sponsor, and view our fabulous live and silent auction items by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Adopt your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) today! 

View all of our adoptable animals at:
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, The Petco Foundation in partnership with Halo, Purely for Pets, has announced its Holiday Wishes grant campaign, and we have the opportunity to receive $100,000 with your help! If you adopted your pet from the Cleveland APL, you can share your story and nominate us!

For more information visit: www.petco.com/holidaywishes. #HolidayWishes2015, Our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts Fur Ball gala on Saturday, November 7 will include wonderful silent and live auction items, items like this Key West vacation home!

Enjoy five days with five of your family members or friends in Key West! This vacation home is located in the Casa Marina area of Old Town. Choose to sleep in the bedroom that Hemingway used to finish “Farewell to Arms” and shower outside underneath bougainvillea and palm trees while enjoying the sun. Just a short walk to the galleries on Duval Street and the southernmost point of the Continental United States, and four blocks to Higgs Beach, where the West Martello Tower is located. If you watch closely, other literary neighbors are out on a daily basis. Judy Blume walks her dog, and Stuart Woods’ dog greets people at the gate.

Learn more about our silent and live auction items and our Fur Ball gala, which benefits our Second Chance Program, by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/. Tickets are available for purchase on our website, so be sure to get yours today!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, My Cleveland APL is there for animals in need. Just last year, more than 1,500 animals spent time receiving the love and care they needed in foster care, animals just like Uggs, the adorable kitten pictured here. After receiving the love and care he needed in a loving foster home, Uggs returned to the Cleveland APL where he was adopted!

Learn more about how you can make a difference in the lives of homeless animals as a Foster Care volunteer: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/
#MyClevelandAPL #WhereHappyHappens, PB & J, Mac & Cheese, Cookies & Cream, and Dude & Girlie! If you are looking to expand your family in a big way, this brother and sister duo might be your perfect match! 

These two are bonded pals and they are waiting to add some excitement to your home! They love to play, walk, and do pretty much everything together. If you have room in your heart and home for two pooches, Dude and Girlie are available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont! #AdoptAShelterDogMonth

More about Dude and Girlie: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Have your purchased your tickets to Cold Noses, Warm Hearts Fur Ball 2015 yet? If not, be sure to get yours before they sell out!  The the tail-wagging event of the year will take place on Saturday, November 7. 

Read about how to purchase your tickets, how to become a corporate sponsor, and view our fabulous live and silent auction items by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, We will be back at #JusticeFurAll for a bonus visit today! Be sure to stop by for a visit and some snuggles during your lunch break.

Justice Fur All will take place today across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd, from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.
View all of our offsite adoption events: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, We will be back at #JusticeFurAll for a bonus visit tomorrow! Be sure to stop by for a visit and some snuggles during your lunch break.

Justice Fur All will take place tomorrow across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd, from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.
View all of our offsite adoption events: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, The Petco Foundation in partnership with Halo, Purely for Pets, has announced its Holiday Wishes grant campaign, and we have the opportunity to receive $100,000 with your help! If you adopted your pet from the Cleveland APL, you can share your story and nominate us! 

For more information visit: www.petco.com/holidaywishes. #HolidayWishes2015, Our adoptions team is working hard to find loving homes for our animals each and every day. Today, we captured a behind the scenes look at an adoption taking place at the Cleveland APL. Be sure to click on each photo to see what is occurring throughout the adoption of Jessa, a sweet and adorable kitten! #BehindtheScenesattheAPL

More about our adoption process: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopting-from-the-apl/, One year ago today, Jack was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray. He has been waiting for a loving home ever since. Jack is 9 years old, does great with other cats, and would make a great addition to any family. Can you open your heart and home to Jack?

If you are interested in adopting this sweet boy, visit him at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0  today. 

More about Jack: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=24013527&location=Cleveland+APL, Tickets are available for the tail-wagging event of the year!
Join us for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015) on Saturday, November 7 at 5:30 p.m. at the InterContinental Hotel and Conference Center.

Enjoy wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from a VIP (Very Important Pooch)—or two at the tail-wagging event of the year! Proceeds from this event benefit the Cleveland APL’s Second Chance Program.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/ to view event information, purchase tickets, learn about becoming a corporate sponsor, and much more!, Joe Thomas, Offensive Lineman of the Cleveland Browns and friend of the Cleveland APL, will be featured in our weekly #DawgoftheWeek” post! Each week, meet some of our wonderful "dawgs" who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL!

Today’s Dawg of the Week: Ornament is a sweet 6-year-old Retriever mix who is ready to find his happily ever after at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Ornament today!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29713936&location=Cleveland+APL, Meet Millie, a beautiful 6-year-old cat who is ready to find a loving home! You can meet Millie today by visiting our adoption center in Tremont. #MeowMonday

Learn more about Millie: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29628002&location=Cleveland+APL, Bring the whole family to Pumpkinville at the Frostville Museum in North Olmsted! A pancake breakfast will be served from 9 am to 1 p.m., and lots of great activities – music, crafts, wagon rides and more – will continue until 4 p.m. Rover, the APL’s mobile adoption unit, will be on hand from 12:30 – 4 p.m. with adoptable cats and dogs. 

http://www.olmstedhistoricalsociety.org/Home/pumpkinOlmsted%20Historical%20Societyflyer2015%20choice.pdf, For the second year, the Cleveland APL will be attending the Blessing of the Pets service at Trinity Cathedral in downtown Cleveland at 2230 Euclid Avenue. The Blessing service is from 9 – 10 a.m. tomorrow (you are encouraged to bring your pet to be blessed!) and adoptions, coffee and fellowship will follow immediately after. 

More information can be found at: http://myemail.constantcontact.com/This-Week---Trinity--Animal-Blessing--Solemn-Sung--BrownBags---Choral-Evensong.html?soid=1100716308954&aid=NAIDhCPqgVE, Join the Offsite Adoptions team at our monthly excursion to SouthPark Mall! The hours are different this month only – we’ll be there from 2-6 pm today!  Kittens and dogs will be available for adoption and snuggles! 

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Help the Cleveland APL celebrate the first birthday of the Downtown Cleveland Dog Park tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.! There will be dog friendly vendors, games, prizes, adoptable dogs and more! Bring your pup up for a day of Birthday fun and fall celebration.  (In the event the party is cancelled or postponed due to weather, check the official Facebook event page below.) 
https://www.facebook.com/events/1649020612046882/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, How does a catered block party for 40 or a trip to Key West sound?  Read more about these fabulous live auction items that will be auctioned at the Cleveland APL Fur Ball gala:

Rocco Whalen, Owner and Chef of Fahrenheit in Tremont, will help make your block party for 40 people a catered affair extraordinaire!  “ShortRib1” – Fahrenheit-Cleveland’s official food truck will roll up to your party and serve up some “good eats” and “wine.”

Enjoy five days with five of your family members or friends in a beautiful vacation home in Key West, Florida.  The house is located in the Casa Marina area of Old Town.

Learn more about our silent and live auction items and our Fur Ball gala, which benefits our Second Chance Program, by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/.  Tickets are available for purchase on our website, so be sure to get yours today!, Meet Asha, an adorable pup who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29750304&location=Cleveland+APL to learn more about Asha! #AdoptAShelterDogMonth, October is #AdoptAShelterDogMonth! Check out a gallery with photos of some of our wonderful pooches who are waiting for loving homes on Cleveland 19 News' website! 

View gallery: http://www.cleveland19.com/story/30164967/adopt-a-shelter-dog-month?clienttype=generic, Schatzi is not a black dog but she wanted to get in on the photo fun today! Just look at her adorable selfie! Like the black dogs featured, Schatzi, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix is also waiting for a loving home. #NationalBlackDogDay

More about Schatzi: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29304582&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #NationalBlackDogDay. Meet some of our wonderful black pooches who are ready to find loving homes! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to view all of our adoptable dogs., At the Cleveland APL, we think there is nothing better than to see adopters fall in love with our animals. Every day, our dedicated adoptions team works to find loving homes for all of the wonderful animals in our care.

Finding families for our animals fills our hearts with so much joy. These animals would not find the loving homes that they so deserve without your support.  Read Jade's and Sneezy's stories and see how you can help us assist more animals like them!
https://t.e2ma.net/message/wnou7/opkefb, The team from Global Prairie spent their afternoon helping around our shelter during their Giving Day. They helped clean the shelter, make litter boxes for our cats, and also had some time to meet our wonderful animals! Thank you, Global Prairie!, Today is the last day to support the Cleveland APL during Panera Bread's canister campaign!  Head to your local Panera Bread TODAY to enjoy delicious food and make a donation to the Cleveland APL!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/dick-goddards-apl-telethon-other-ways-to-help/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, HELP US FILL THE WINE DOG HOUSE!

Buy a bottle and help the animals! As our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala approaches, we are in need of bottles of wine that can be included at our “Pick of the Liter” wine table at the event. 

If you are interested in supporting the Cleveland APL and our Second Chance Program, you can donate a bottle of wine valued at $25 or more. Please feel free to bring your wine donation to our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) by Saturday, October 10. Along with your wine donation, please include the donation form found here - https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Fur-Ball-Donation-Form-with-date.pdf.

* Please be sure your wine donation and form are in a bag labeled for "Fur Ball - Attention: April Clark."

* Donations may be dropped off at our Adoption Desk during shelter hours, Monday to Saturday.

Learn about our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015) gala at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, A big thank you to both Maeve (top photo) and Sunny who came in over the weekend to drop off donations that they collected for the Cleveland APL in celebration of their birthdays. Thank you for your support, Maeve and Sunny!, Our cats are really enjoying the cat curtains that were made for them by our friend Victoria! The curtains allow for some "quiet time" for cats who are a bit shy or need a little time alone. Here is a photo of two members of our Animal Care team showing off these wonderful curtains for our cats!, Tickets are available for the tail-wagging event of the year!
Join us for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015) on Saturday, November 7 at 5:30 p.m. at the InterContinental Hotel and Conference Center. 

Enjoy wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from a VIP (Very Important Pooch)—or two at the tail-wagging event of the year! Proceeds from this event benefit the Cleveland APL’s Second Chance Program.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/ to view event information, purchase tickets, learn about becoming a corporate sponsor, and much more!, Meet Gretal, a beautiful 2-year-old cat who was surrendered to the Cleveland APL earlier this month. This pretty girl is very sweet and loving. Visit her at our adoption center in Tremont today! #MeowMonday

More about Gretal: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29706104&location=Cleveland+APL, Check out all of the fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL!
Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ for more information., Rover, our mobile adoptions unit will be at the Cleveland Convention Center from 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. today for WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Health and Wellness Expo. Adoptable dogs and cats will be there, as well as with free health screenings, interactive exhibits and fun activities for the whole family! More at: http://www.wkyc.com/local/Health-Expo/, Join our Offsite Adoption team at Gale’s Garden Center in Westlake from 11:30 a.m. – 3 p.m. today for their annual Fall Festival benefiting the Cleveland APL! Enjoy many family-friendly activities, grab a bite to eat, attend a seminar and meet dogs and cats available for adoption! http://donzells-gales.com/custom/schedule.aspx, Rover, our mobile adoptions unit will be at the Cleveland Convention Center from 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. tomorrow for WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Health and Wellness Expo. Adoptable dogs and cats will be there, as well as with free health screenings, interactive exhibits and fun activities for the whole family! More at: http://www.wkyc.com/local/Health-Expo/, Kristen from Lutheran Hospital provided clothing alterations for employees and donated the alteration fees to the Cleveland APL. Thank you for your support, Kristen! The guinea pigs thank you too! :), Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Season is missing! Season, a 7-year-old Hound/Bulldog mix got off of his collar and leash on Sunday and ran away. He was last seen near E. 77th Street and Rawlings.

If you see Season, please call the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 and your local police department. Thank you., Thank you to Hattie who stopped by our adoption center in Tremont to make a donation to support the animals yesterday. We appreciate your kindness and generosity, Hattie!, In celebration of #NationalDogWeek, we are sharing our adorable adoptable dogs all week long!

Meet Shugg, a sweet 4-year-old Chihuahua mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Shugg today!

More about Shugg: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29572724&location=Cleveland+APL, Thank you to Megan and Victoria from Nestle for dropping off the generous donations collected and made by Nestle employees!

The employees made wonderful blankets for our animals during their "Day of Volunteering," which was held on Thursday, September 17th, the day of Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News. Thank you for your support, Nestle!, General is missing! General, a 2-year-old Australian Cattle Dog/Collie mix who was adopted from the Cleveland APL in July, got off of his leash and ran away from his home on Shannon Road in Cleveland Heights on Sunday.  He is wearing a camouflage collar without tags.

If you see General, please call the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 or your local police department. Thank you., Today is the last #JusticeFurAll of the year!

Take a break from the rat race and spend your lunch hour with adoptable pets from the Cleveland APL today! Cuddle with a kitty, get smooches from a pooch and you just might meet your new best friend! Adoptions made on site and after work pick-up is available.

Justice Fur All will take place today across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd, from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.

View all of our offsite adoption events: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, In celebration of #NationalDogWeek, we will be sharing our adorable adoptable dogs all week long!

Meet Banjo, a sweet 2-year-old Beagle mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. Visit Banjo today!

More about Banjo: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29412144&location=Parma+PetSmart, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Fill in the blank:

My dog's name is __________ because __________.

#NationalDogWeek, In celebration of #NationalDogWeek, we will be sharing our adorable adoptable dogs all week long!

Meet Apollo. He is a 3-year-old Rottweiler mix who is very active and loves to play. If you have an active family, Apollo may just be the dog for you! To learn more about Apollo, visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=28267932&location=Cleveland+APL or call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Wilhelmina, a 4-year-old Airedale Terrier mix, is still missing! 

She ran away from her foster home last week and has not been recently spotted. Wilhelmina was last spotted at Sprague and Marks Road near Brown Hardware in Columbia Station. Please keep an eye out for her in your area and if you see her contact the local police department and the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0. Thank you., Happy #NationalDogWeek! 

How are you celebrating your four-legged friend this week? Share in the comments section below!

Looking to add an adorable dog to your family? View all of our dogs who are waiting for loving homes at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/., Meet Lucky, a sweet 1-year-old cat who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Lucky does great with other cats and has been around children. Visit Lucky today! #MeowMonday

More about Lucky: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29646195&location=Cleveland+APL, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Check out all of the fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL!
Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ for more information., Include Melt Bar and Grilled in your dinner plans tonight! 

TODAY ONLY! Visit a Northeast Ohio Melt Bar and Grilled today 
and support the Cleveland APL! Melt will generously donate 5% of their total food sales to the Cleveland APL today, so be sure to stop by any Northeast Ohio Melt location to grab some delicious food and support the Cleveland APL in the process! 

View Melt locations: http://meltbarandgrilled.com/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, TODAY ONLY! Visit a Northeast Ohio Melt Bar and Grilled today 
and support the Cleveland APL!

Melt will generously donate 5% of their total food sales to the Cleveland APL today, so be sure to stop by any Northeast Ohio Melt location to grab some delicious food and support the Cleveland APL in the process! View Melt locations: http://meltbarandgrilled.com/, TODAY ONLY! Visit a Northeast Ohio Melt Bar and Grilled today and support the Cleveland APL!

Melt will generously donate 5% of their total food sales to the Cleveland APL today, so be sure to stop by any Northeast Ohio Melt location to grab some delicious food and support the Cleveland APL in the process! View Melt locations: http://meltbarandgrilled.com/, More than $128,000 raised during Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News!!!!!!! We could not have done it without your amazing support. Thank you to Dick Goddard, Fox 8, Stautzenberger College, Melt Bar and Grilled, Panera Bread and all of the wonderful people who donated to support the Cleveland APL. #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

It's not too late to make a donation. Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social to donate now., Thanks to Panera Bread's support! During the month of September, head to your local Panera Bread to enjoy delicious food and make a donation to the Cleveland APL during Panera Bread’s canister campaign.  Thank you, Panera!, Your donation during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox will make a difference for animals in need, animals like Tinker. Tinker is an adorable puppy who came to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program. Tinker is spending some time in a loving foster home until he is ready for adoption.

The numbers to call are 216-566-PETS (7387) OR 1-866-392-PETS (7387). The telethon ends in one hour, so call now!

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Isabella came to visit during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox to bring donations that she bought for Chance. She was sad that he was hurt and wanted to help. Thank you for your kindness, Isabella!, Your gift will allow us to continue to care for animals like Brownie, a sweet 2-month-old kitten who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray. Brownie was examined by our veterinary team and it was discovered that both of her eyes were damaged beyond repair. Brownie was treated with fluids and antibiotics and has been spending some time in the home of a loving foster care volunteer before she is ready for adoption.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now and support the Cleveland APL! #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

You can also donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Dick Goddard is here and is asking that you make your donation during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox! The numbers to call are 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387). Please pick up the phone and call now.

Your donation will help us help more animals like Halo who was abandoned and underweight when she came to the Cleveland APL. 

Make a donation online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Thank you to Aladdin's Eatery, Dewey's Pizza in Lakewood, Distillata, Einstein Brothers Bagels in Rocky River, fresh butcher deli cafe, Giant Eagle in Broadview Heights, La Bodega, Mama Roberto's Restaurant, Panera Bread in Lakewood, Phoenix Coffee, Sainato's Restaurant, Starbucks on Clifton Boulevard, and the Cedar Center Whole Foods Market.

The food that was donated is feeding our incredible volunteers and staff throughout #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox! Thank you from the bottom of our hearts!, Schatzi is enjoying lounging on the bed made and donated by Schindlers Fabrics. In all, they donated 25 beds for our dogs! Thank you for your support!

You can help the animals at the Cleveland APL, too! Just pick up the phone and call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox now through 7:30 tonight!

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Matt Fish from Melt Bar and Grilled stopped by #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox to talk about how Melt is supporting the Cleveland APL.

All day tomorrow, eat at a Melt Bar and Grilled Northeast Ohio location and help the APL.  Melt will donate 5% of their total food sales to the Cleveland APL tomorrow. 

Visit http://meltbarandgrilled.com/ to view all Melt locations., $35,000 has been raised so far during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox! Help us raise more money that will allow us to help the nearly 15,000 animals who come to us in need each year.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) to make a donation today. Your gift will make a difference for animals in need. Thank you for your support!

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Our friends from Stautzenberger College are ready to take your donations during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox! Call 216-566-PETS (7387) now to make your pledge and support the Cleveland APL!

A big thank you to sponsor of Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon, Stautzenberger College Brecksville! Learn more about Stautzenberger College by visiting http://www.learnwhatyoulove.com/., Visit the our adoption center in Tremont today until 8pm and adopt your new best friend! Dogs (over 5 months) are available for adoption for $88 and cats and kittens are available for just $8 today only in honor of our friends at Fox 8 News. #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

Christina and Nick adopted Eric, and Mara is photographed with her new furry friend, Annie!

Learn about reduced adoption fees: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Banjo, a 2-year-old Beagle mix, was rescued by our Humane Investigations team. Banjo and 10 other dogs were kept in crates in a back yard. They had hook and whip worms and also ear infections. 

In order for us to help more animals like Banjo, we need your support! Please call 216-566-PETS (7387) now to make a gift to support the Cleveland APL.

You can also donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, $15,000 has been raised so far during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox! Help us raise more money that will allow us to help the nearly 15,000 animals who come to us in need each year.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) to make a donation today. Your gift will make a difference for animals in need. Thank you for your support!

You can also donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Henley is a 2-month-old kitten who was rescued by our Humane Investigations team after he was found abandoned in a home with his sister.  Henley tested positive for Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV), which is a virus that typically causes a weakening of the cat's immune system. Usually, FIV has a very slow progression and will gradually affect the cats immune system.  The good thing is, cats who have FIV can live happy, healthy and long lives when they are properly being cared for.  

Henely is available for adoption and if you have any further questions regarding adopting a cat with FIV please call our adoption team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now to help animals like Henley! 

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Chance is with us this morning during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox. After being found with an arrow through his body and brought in by a Good Samaritan, Chance has received a life-saving surgery he so desperately needed.

Chance has a long road ahead of him, and we think he will be in our care for some time. Please help us help more animals like Chance. Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or  866-392-PETS (7387) now and make your pledge.

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Alana is a 4-month-old kitten who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray. After being assessed by our veterinary team, it was determined that poor Alana had a broken jaw and likely hadn’t been eating for several days. She spent several weeks in a loving foster home, getting the care and love she needed while she healed. She is now waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont!

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now to help us help more animals like Alana. #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Our phone bank volunteers from Panera Bread, Cargill, Stautzenberger College, Melt Bar and Grilled, the Cleveland APL Board of Directors, and Cleveland APL volunteers are working the phone bank taking your donations!

Please call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now to support the Cleveland APL during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox!

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, DC, a sweet 5-year-old Cane Corso mix was surrendered by her owner to the Cleveland APL. This sweet girl is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) now to support the Cleveland APL during Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News now!
#DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social, Today is the day! Dick Goddard's APL Telethon will take place today at the Cleveland APL and will air on Fox 8 News from 6am to 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year. You can donate now by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social.  #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

Visit our adoption center in Tremont today to adopt your new best friend! We will be open from 8am until 8pm Adult dogs (5 months and older) will be available for adoption for $88, and cats and kittens will be available for only $8 in the Tremont adoption center.
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Be sure to tune in to Fox 8 News tomorrow from 6am to 7:30pm during #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox! The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year. You can donate now by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social

Also, visit our adoption center in Tremont to adopt your new best friend! We will be open from 8am until 8pm  Adult dogs (5 months and older) will be available for adoption for $88, and cats and kittens will be available for only $8 in the Tremont adoption center.  

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Imagine a 6-month-old kitten, missing a back foot, out on the streets all alone. Then imagine that poor sweet kitty with an arrow clear through his body. That is what a Good Samaritan happened upon Tuesday. 

Chance is now in our care and has received a surgery where the arrow was removed, and he was neutered. While in surgery our veterinary team discovered that had the arrow been 1 centimeter lower, it would have killed the kitten. Chance has a long road ahead of him, and we think he will be in our care for some time. 

We need your support. Help us help Chance and more animals like him who come to us in need. Please visit https://t.e2ma.net/message/gv3q7/opkefb to read Chance's story and make a donation to support our Second Chance Program.

Donate now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20%2D%20Chance%20Cat%20%2D%20Emma, Cleveland APL staff members Olivia and Arlee are cleaning with our Bounty paper towels that were generously donated to us.  Thank you, Bounty! #QuickerPickerUpper, Fox 8 News' Suzanne Stratford poses for a photo with her adorable dogs, Buddy and Holly Bananas!

Be sure to tune in to Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon tomorrow! The telethon will air on Fox 8 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year! #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Help us help more animals in need during Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News tomorrow. You can make a donation by calling in (number will be shared tomorrow) or you can donate online now by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/dickgoddardsapltelethon?code=APL%20Social. #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox 

Learn more about tomorrow's telethon: http://fox8.com/2015/09/15/dick-goddards-apl-telethon-how-you-can-help-give-animals-a-second-chance/, Look at Fox 8 News' A.J. Colby in a photo with his sweet pooches!

Be sure to tune in to Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon this Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year! #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Meet Shatzi, a sweet 6-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Shatzi had a great time visiting WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's  Jason Nicholas today!, In honor of Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News, we are extending our adoption hours and reducing adoption fees. This Thursday, the APL, located at 1729 Willey Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood, will be open from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m. 

Adult dogs (5 months and older) will be available for adoption for $88, and cats and kittens will be available for only $8 in the Tremont adoption center. (Regular adoption fees are $95 for dogs, $45 for cats, and $95 for kittens.) More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/ #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox, Fox 8 News' Lorrie Taylor in a photo with her adorable dog!

Be sure to tune in to Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon this Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year!  #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Meet Snowie, a handsome 2.5-year-old cat who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray. This handsome boy is ready to find a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/ to learn more about Snowie and all of our other wonderful kitties who are available for adoption! #MeowMonday, Support the Cleveland APL and have fun! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn more!, Today is the final day to draft your new best friend during #FantasyFuzzballWeekend! 

Adoption fees are reduced at the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. Cats over 5 months have a reduced adoption fee of $5, and kittens are available for adoption for just $20. PLUS, all cats 3 years and older who are dressed like a referee (are black and white in color) have waived adoption fees! 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Wilhelmina, a 4-year-old Airedale Terrier mix, ran away from her foster home today. She was last seen on Northwood and Sprague in Olmsted Falls. Please keep an eye out for her and if you see her contact the local police department and the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Save the date for Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon this Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 News beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year. #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox

Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Have you drafted a new furry friend for your team? If not, be sure to visit one of our adoption center locations this weekend! We have "players" who will be sure to fill your home with lots of love.

Today and tomorrow, adoption fees will be reduced at the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. Cats over 5 months have a reduced adoption fee of $5, and kittens are available for adoption for just $20. PLUS, all cats 3 years and older who are dressed like a referee (are black and white in color) have waived adoption fees!  More at: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Don't forget - you can draft your new best friend at the Cleveland APL this weekend! Now through Sunday, adoption fees are reduced to $5 for cats over 5 months, and $20 for kittens. PLUS, all cats 3 years and older who are dressed like a referee (are black and white in color) have waived adoption fees! 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Meet Midnight, a sweet kitty who is available for adoption during the #FantasyFuzzballWeekend draft! This pretty girl is 6 years old and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/ to learn about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this weekend!, Fox 8 News' Tracy McCool smiles for the camera with her adorable dog!

Be sure to tune in to Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon on Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year! #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, cleveland.com is helping us spread the word about Momma, a very sweet and loving 7-year-old Lab mix who is ready to find her happily ever after! Learn more about Momma at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29265291&location=Cleveland+APL, There is lots of buzz surrounding the start of football season. With all of the excitement, our cats and kittens wanted to get in on the action! While getting ready for the upcoming football season, we are holding a #FantasyFuzzballWeekend at the Cleveland APL. There are lots of adorable fuzzy friends who are waiting for loving homes, and we want to see them all get drafted!

View reduced adoption fee information at: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Today is the first day of our #FantasyFuzzballWeekend! Visit either of our adoption center locations to adopt a sweet cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee now through Sunday!

Meet Bill, one of our "players" in the draft. At 3 months old and weighing in at 3 pounds, this little cutie is sure to be a great addition to your family. More about Fantasy Fuzzball Weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Allie is one of our many wonderful "players" who is ready to be drafted to your family during our #FantasyFuzzballWeekend! 

Allie is 8 years old and has lots of love to give! Visit Allie at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/ to learn more about our reduced adoption fees this Friday through Sunday., You've heard about our #FantasyFuzzballWeekend at the Cleveland APL, but did you know that cats dressed like a referee over three are free?!

That's right - all black and white cats 3 and up have a waived adoption fee this Friday through Sunday at both of our adoption center locations. Get all of the details at: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Take a break from the rat race and spend your lunch hour with adoptable pets from the Cleveland APL at #JusticeFurAll. Cuddle with a kitty, get smooches from a pooch and you just might meet your new best friend! Adoptions made on site and after work pick-up is available.

Justice Fur All will take place today across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. 

View all of our offsite adoption events: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Have you heard? Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News will take place on Thursday, September 17! Learn about the telethon and how you can help by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/  #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox, There is lots of buzz surrounding the start of football season. With all of the excitement, our cats and kittens wanted to get in on the action, so, we are holding a #FantasyFuzzballWeekend at the Cleveland APL! 

Who will you draft during the “Fantasy Fuzzball Weekend?” Starting this Friday, adoption fees will be reduced at the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. Cats over 5 months will have a reduced adoption fee of $5, and kittens will be available for adoption for just $20. The fees will be reduced through Sunday, September 13.  

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/draft-your-new-best-friend/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Check out this sweet photo of Fox 8 News' Autumn Ziemba with her pooch! 

Be sure to tune in to Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon on Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year! #DicksAPLTelethonOnFox 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Have you stopped at a Panera Bread this month yet? Support the Cleveland APL and Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News throughout the entire month of September!

Head to your local Panera Bread this month to enjoy delicious food and make a donation to the Cleveland APL during Panera Bread’s canister campaign.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/dick-goddards-apl-telethon-other-ways-to-help/, Our adoption center in Tremont is closed today. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Are you looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ for more information!, Our adoption center in Tremont will be closed on Labor Day. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

To view our regular hours of operation, please visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Save the date for Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon on Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 News beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year.

Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Visit a Northeast Ohio Melt Bar and Grilled location to support the Cleveland APL the day after Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News!

On Friday, September 18th, Melt will donate 5% of their total food sales to the Cleveland APL. Be sure to stop by any Northeast Ohio Melt location to grab some delicious food and support the Cleveland APL in the process!, Our Offsite Adoptions team will be at SouthPark Mall today from 11 am – 3 pm with some of our adorable adoptable animals. You can usually find them in Center Court, but the location may occasionally vary., Our Offsite Adoptions team will be at SouthPark Mall tomorrow from 11 am – 3 pm with some of our adorable adoptable animals! Visit them tomorrow!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Buy a bottle and help the animals! As our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala approaches, we are in need of bottles of wine that can be included at our “Pick of the Liter” wine table at the event. This table is a guest-favorite, and like the entire event itself, will support our Second Chance Program.

If you are interested in supporting “Pick of the Liter” and our upcoming gala, you can donate a bottle of wine valued at $25 or more.  Please feel free to bring your wine donation to our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) when you are able. Along with your wine donation, please include the donation form found here - https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Fur-Ball-Donation-Form-with-date.pdf. 

* Please be sure that your bottle of wine has the donation form in a sealed envelope secured to the item. The item should also be packaged securely and marked "Fur Ball - Attention: April Clark." 

* Donations may be dropped off at our Adoption Desk during shelter hours, Monday to Saturday.  

* Wine and your donation form must be dropped off AS SOON AS POSSIBLE or NO LATER THAN FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. 

Learn more about our Second Chance Program, which is the program that your donation will be supporting by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/

Learn about our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015) gala at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, A huge thank you to The Mutt Hutt for making Bear feel like a brand new dog! When Bear came to us, he was heavily matted. It took 4 hours to groom him - look at Bear now!

If you are interested in learning more about Bear, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22949356&location=Parma+PetSmart, Victoria, friend of the APL, made cage curtains for the cats and dogs at our shelter. These will be great for our animals who sometimes need a little "quiet time." Thank you, Victoria!, Caption me!

(Pictured is Sergeant Tibbs, Cleveland APL alum.), Meet Allie, a beautiful 8-year-old cat who was surrendered to the Cleveland APL due to allergies in her previous family.

This sweet girl has lived with a dog as well as cats. Allie is ready to find her happily ever after at our adoption center in Tremont. Learn more about Allie: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=28522187&location=Cleveland+APL, Want to support the Cleveland APL and Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News throughout the entire month of September? 

Head to your local Panera Bread this month to enjoy delicious food and make a donation to the Cleveland APL during Panera Bread’s canister campaign.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/dick-goddards-apl-telethon-other-ways-to-help/, We love this photo of Fox 8 News' Stefani Schaefer and her pets! 

Remember to save the date for Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon on Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year!  

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Meet Apollo in cleveland.com's video! You can also learn more about this playful pooch and our adoption process by visiting http://www.cleveland.com/kristel/index.ssf/2015/09/apollo_active_4-year-old_dog_s.html#incart_river., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Save the date for the tail-wagging event of the year that supports our Second Chance Program - Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2015).  Enjoy wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from a VIP (Very Important Pooch)—or two!  Online ticket sales will begin on Tuesday, September 8, so stay tuned to our website at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/

Can't attend but would like to support this event? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/fur-ball-auction/ for more information. 

Would you like to learn about our corporate sponsorship opportunities? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/fur-ball-sponsorship-opportunities/.

If you would like additional information about the Cleveland APL or the Fur Ball, please contact April Clark, Associate Director of Development at AClark@ClevelandAPL.org or 216-771-8823., Check out the latest issue of our Pet Patter newsletter which includes touching Happy Tales about Riggins the pup, Ozzie the cat, and Tonio the dog. Also included is information about the upcoming Dick Goddard's APL Telethon, our Fur Ball gala in November, and much more!

Read it here: https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/APL_PetPatter_Q3_v2_website.pdf, Dick Goddard's pooch Jack wants to tell you about the upcoming Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon on Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 News beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm and will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year. Be sure to tune in!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, We had a special visit from our friends at Q104 - Cleveland's The Jeff Show! Jeff, Aly and Glenn enjoyed spending time with some of our adorable adoptable animals!

To view all of the animals who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Please help! We are in need of newspaper that we can use to line the cat carriers for our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) Program. If you have any that you can donate, please bring it to our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) at your convenience. Thank you!, Meet Arthur, an adorable 1-year-cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This sweet boy does great with older children and would make a wonderful addition to any family. Visit Arthur today! #MeowMonday

More about Arthur: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=23151281&location=Cleveland+APL, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store to meet all of our animals who are waiting for loving homes today!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/ to view hour and location information., Save the date! Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon will take place on Thursday, September 17th on Fox 8 News beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year.

Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, Szabo Shoes will be hosting a pet adoption and fundraising event today! They will be offering refreshments and selling raffle tickets for a drawing for prizes. They will also be offering $10 off of any regularly priced pair of shoes and a selection of sale shoes. 20% of the proceeds from the sale of shoes will benefit the Cleveland APL, as well as 100% of the raffle ticket sales.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Pressure Life is throwing its inaugural ‘Pressure Live’ event at the Cleveland Agora tonight. 

The event includes performances by American Werewolves, Smoke Noises, Hawkeye and Pop Vulture. Vendors including clothes, jewelry, home goods, art, painting, food and more! Giveaways throughout the night from New Belgium Brewing Co., Jak Prints, Mullens on Madison, Plank Road Tavern, Mid-town Booths, Jukebox and more! Entry to the event is $5 and with every entry, $1 is donated to the Cleveland APL! 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Szabo Shoes will be hosting a pet adoption and fundraising event tomorrow. They will be offering refreshments and selling raffle tickets for a drawing for prizes. They will also be offering $10 off of any regularly priced pair of shoes and a selection of sale shoes. 20% of the proceeds from the sale of shoes will benefit the Cleveland APL, as well as 100% of the raffle ticket sales. 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Meet Camille, a beautiful 9-year-old Persian mix kitty who is ready to find her future family at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. 

Camille is a little shy but will warm up to you. She does well with dogs, as she lived with two in her previous home. 
Learn more about Camille: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=29385827&location=Parma+PetSmart, All of the furry friends at the Cleveland APL want you to run wild with MONKEY KINGDOM, a spectacular tale set among ancient ruins in the storied jungles of South Asia. Enter for your chance to win a digital download code, available September 15 - http://tinyurl.com/MONKEYAPL 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of the animals who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL.

About MONKEY KINGDOM:
Maya, a clever and resourceful monkey, finds her world forever changed when she welcomes her son Kip into her colorful extended family. As Maya strives to keep Kip safe through unexpected and sometimes perilous adventures, amazing footage captures all the magic and surprises of their magnificent world. Maya and her family will make you laugh and warm your heart as she realizes her dreams for her son’s future., Are you looking for the perfect pair of pooches to add to your family? Visit Dee and Soloman at the Cleveland APL! 

Learn more about these two cuties by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Visit a Northeast Ohio Melt Bar and Grilled location to support the Cleveland APL the day after Dick Goddard's APL Telethon on Fox 8 News!

On Friday, September 18th, Melt will donate 5% of their total food sales to the Cleveland APL. Be sure to stop by any Northeast Ohio Melt location to grab some delicious food and support the Cleveland APL in the process!, Bart and Selena the puppies and Gerald the kitten are a few of the adorable adoptables that will be at #JusticeFurAll today! Visit them today across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd. Our Offsite Adoptions team is there from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.

View all of our offsite adoption events at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events, Make a difference for pets in shelters like ours! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1KKQtEQ. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, Not only is today #NationalDogDay, but it is also the 2nd anniversary of our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma!

Over the last two years, 2,534 animals have been adopted from the EAC!  Our staff celebrated today by creating a special album that features photos of the animals who found loving homes at the EAC!, WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Monica Robins, our friend and celebrity host of our upcoming Fur Ball gala, stopped by the Cleveland APL for a visit with her dog Griffin in celebration of #NationalDogDay! #DogDay3

Do you have a picture of your pooch that you'd like to share? Post it in the comments section below!, Join us at the Chagrin Valley Rec Center tonight to see Marshall the Miracle Dog, a Rescue Dog from the Midwest who will have his story told on the big screen in theaters soon!

The Cleveland APL will joining Marshall the Miracle Dog for an 'Evening to Promote Kindness' on his PR Tour tonight at the Chagrin Valley Rec Center from 6 to 7:30 p.m. All ages are welcome! For more information, please visit: www.marshallthemiracledog.com, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Today is #NationalDogDay! Pictured here are 6 of the many wonderful dogs and puppies who are ready to find their happily ever afters! 

Did you adopt a dog from the Cleveland APL? Celebrate them on this special day by posting their photo in the comments section below!

View all of our adoptable dogs and puppies: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions, This week's #SlowMoVideo features Schatzi. Schatzi also just so happens to be our Pet of the Week! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/ to learn more about this gorgeous girl!, Join us at the Nine Twelve Shop Stop today! 

This event takes place every Tuesday, 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. on the Plaza at One Cleveland Center, located at 1375 E 9th Street in downtown Cleveland. Stop by to meet our adoptable animals, have lunch at one of your favorite food trucks, shop local and listen to some great music while enjoying downtown Cleveland!, Want to support the Cleveland APL and the Fox 8 Telethon throughout the entire month of September? Head to your local Panera Bread to enjoy delicious food and make a donation to the Cleveland APL during Panera Bread’s canister campaign.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/dick-goddards-apl-telethon-other-ways-to-help/, Save the date! Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon will take place on Thursday, September 17th on Fox 8 News beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year.

Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/, This sweet girl is Sugar. She is 8 years old and is available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont. Sugar was brought to us in July as a stray. Visit Sugar to today! #MeowMonday

More about Sugar: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=28562092&location=Cleveland+APL, Join our kitten slumber party! Our kennels are filled with cuddly and cute kittens that need a cozy place to stay before they can go to their loving homes! 

All of these kittens need temporary homes for various reasons, but they all have one very important thing in common - they will give you all the love you need! Cuddle up to one of these cuties today by contacting our Foster Care department at foster@clevelandapl.org. 
More about our Foster Care program at: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/, THANK YOU! You made our #MissionPawssible. We have reached our goal and found loving homes for 67 cats and kittens this weekend, which makes a total of 129 cats and kittens between this weekend and last!

Didn't get a chance to adopt a furry friend this weekend? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of our adoptable animals., Today is the last day of #MissionPawssible2 and our cats and kittens are ready to find loving homes!

Visit either of our adoption centers to adopt your new best friend for a reduced adoption fee. Cats over 5 months are available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months are available for adoption for just $20. More at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Looking to have some fun in the sun with your pooch? CBS Radio Cleveland invites you to the Cleveland Metroparks “DOG PADDLE & PET-A-PALOOZA” presented by Golds Gym. 

Join us today from 1-5 p.m. at Ledge Pool & Recreation Area in the Hinckley Reservation. Enjoy a fun filled day of activities with your dog, ranging from a guided hike, to swimming in the pool, to pet stores,to jumping in the lake, to K-9 demonstrations & more.  

A donation of $5 per dog is requested to benefit Medina County SPCA and the Cleveland APL, who will both have adoptable animals on site. Get more information at: http://cleveland.cbslocal.com/pet/, An update on #MissionPawssible2: As of the end of the day today, 46 cats and kittens have been adopted this weekend from the Cleveland APL! That means 14 more cats and kittens need to find loving families tomorrow in order for us to reach our goal of 60 cat and kitten adoptions this weekend! Help us make our mission PAWssible and spread the word!

More about Mission: Pawssible 2 at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, CBS Radio Cleveland invites you to the Cleveland Metroparks “DOG PADDLE & PET-A-PALOOZA” presented by Golds Gym. 

Join us tomorrow from 1-5 p.m. at Ledge Pool & Recreation Area in the Hinckley Reservation. It’s a fun filled day of activities with your dog, ranging from a guided hike, to swimming in the pool, to pet stores,to jumping in the lake, to K-9 demonstrations & more.  A donation of $5 per dog is requested to benefit Medina County SPCA and the Cleveland APL, who will both have adoptable animals on site. Get more information at: http://cleveland.cbslocal.com/pet/, #MissionPawssible2 will be taking place today and tomorrow at both of our adoption center locations. Visit our sweet cats and kittens, fall in love, and adopt your new best friend for a reduced adoption fee! Help us complete our mission of finding loving home for 122 cats and kittens!

Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Mike from NLC Loans stopped by our adoption center in Tremont yesterday to present our team with a generous donation. The staff at NLC Loans raised funds for the Cleveland APL for the second year in a row! Thank you for your support!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

#MissionPawssible2 is taking place this weekend at both of our adoption centers. So far, 13 cats and kittens have been adopted during our "second mission" this weekend. We would love for 60 cats and kittens to find loving homes by Sunday, so please come and adopt your new best friend!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, We are so grateful that Bounty has generously donated 22 pallets of paper towels both to the Cleveland APL and to other local shelters as well! Thank you, Bounty!  #QuickerPickerUpper, Pablo Picatso is a wonderful 2-year-old cat who is very special.  Pablo came to us after living outside for his entire life.  While he can be a very friendly and loving cat, we feel that he would do best in a home that allows him to safely explore the outdoors as well.  Although some cats do not do well in an outdoor setting, Pablo is different. He is looking for a loving indoor/outdoor home. 

Do you think your home would be the purrfect fit for Pablo? Call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 or visit him at our adoption center in Tremont today! More about Pablo at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=27725287&location=Cleveland+APL, Save the Date: Rescue Dog from the Midwest has his story told on the big screen coming soon to theaters!

The Cleveland APL will joining Marshall the Miracle Dog for an 'Evening to Promote Kindness' on his PR Tour on Wednesday, August 26th at the Chagrin Falls Recreation Center.  All ages are  welcome! For more information, please visit: www.marshallthemiracledog.com", Cleveland Scene Magazine is helping us spread the word about #MissionPawssible2! 

Did you hear? Cats over 5 months will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months will be available for adoption for just $20 at both of our adoption center locations all weekend long!, Today is Day 1 of #MissionPawssible2 at the Cleveland APL!

Starlight is one of the many wonderful cats who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl is a year old and is lots of fun! Adopt Starlight for $5 this weekend.

Details about our reduced adoption fees at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Tom Kitty is ready for #MissionPawssible2 tomorrow at the Cleveland APL! 

This handsome boy is waiting for a home. Meet him at our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store and adopt him for a $5 adoption fee tomorrow through Sunday.
Details at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, UPDATE: Willa has come home!!!!!! Willa safely returned home this morning on her own. She is doing great and her family is grateful to everyone who has shared and helped look for her. Thank you!

Willa, a 6-year-old Airedale Terrier who was adopted from our PetSmart Charities® EAC on Tuesday ran away from her home in Chardon yesterday around 6pm.

Willa slipped out of her collar and ran away on Chardon Highway. If you see Willa, please call the local police department, the EAC at 440-845-9592, ext. 5, and Willa's mom Kristin at 440-221-2303. Thank you., Well, we found new families for 62 cats and kittens, but we want and need to help even more animals! Therefore, our new mission is for a total of 122 cats and kittens to find loving homes, which is why we are reducing our adoption fees again.  We need AT LEAST 60 more adoptions this weekend!

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees tomorrow through Sunday by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Momma, a sweet 7-year-old Labrador Retriever mix is dreaming of finding a family to call her own. This adorable girl has been spending time with our staff and volunteers behind the adoption desk this week!

Learn more about Momma at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=29265291&location=Cleveland+APL, Save the date for Dick Goddard’s APL Telethon on Thursday, September 17th! The telethon will air on Fox 8 News beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. The telethon will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year! Sponsored by Stautzenberger College, CBS Radio Cleveland invites you to Cleveland Metroparks “DOG PADDLE & PET-A-PALOOZA” presented by Golds Gym…

Sunday August 23rd at Ledge Pool & Recreation Area in the Hinckley Reservation from 1-5pm. It’s a fun filled day of activities with your dog ranging from a guided hike, swimming in the pool, pet stores, jumping in the lake, K-9 Demonstrations & More.

A donation of $5 per dog is requested to benefit Medina County SPCA & the Cleveland APL who will both have adoptable animals on site. Get more info now at: http://cleveland.cbslocal.com/pet/., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, APL alumni Finnegan and his mom Jennifer stopped in today on his "gotcha day" to visit his old friends and to bring donations for our animals. Thank you both for the wonderful visit!, Check out this #SlowMoVideo of Brandlin, an adorable 8-month-old Retriever/Mix who is enjoying playing with the water in our play yard! Brandlin is available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont. Learn more about her at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=27998696&location=Cleveland+APL, Have you downloaded our free adoption app available on iOS or Android devices yet? If not, simply search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today!, Not only is today #MeowMonday, but it is also #BlackCatAppreciationDay! Meet Cierra, an 8-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Cierra was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray in July and is cute as can be!

More about Cierra: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=28582411&location=Cleveland+APL

Do you have a black cat? Share his or her photo in the comments section below!, And the winner is... Brandy! 

Brandy the Corgi mix had the most votes for the final photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar and is the winner this year! Thank you to everyone who voted and helped us raise more than $1,700 for the Cleveland APL!, The numbers are in for Mission Pawssible!!!  Over the past three days 62 cats and kittens were adopted – – and that doesn't include the dogs, puppies, and rabbits who found their happy ending this weekend! Thank you to all the wonderful adopters who welcomed our animals into their homes!   Please send updates and thank you again for adopting from the Cleveland APL!, Today is the last day to place your vote for the final "Pet of the Month" photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar! 

Your vote will make a difference by supporting the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services, so be sure to vote by 11:59 p.m. tonight!, Today is the last day of #MissionPawssible! Visit either of our adoption center locations to adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for $20.  Learn more by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, CBS Radio Cleveland invites you to Cleveland Metroparks “DOG PADDLE & PET-A-PALOOZA” presented by Golds Gym…  

Sunday August 23rd at Ledge Pool & Recreation Area in the Hinckley Reservation from 1-5pm. It’s a fun filled day of activities with your dog ranging from a guided hike, swimming in the pool, pet stores, jumping in the lake, K-9 Demonstrations & More.  

A donation of $5 per dog is requested to benefit Medina County SPCA & the Cleveland APL who will both have adoptable animals on site. Get more info now at: http://cleveland.cbslocal.com/pet/., An update on our Mission Pawssible!  At the end of the day today we had found homes for 54 cats and kittens! We were especially happy to have so many adult cats find loving homes. One adoption that had our whole team cheering was Momma, who had been at the APL for over a year. We are so happy for you, Momma, and can't wait for updates from your new family!!!, Have you placed your vote yet for the final "Pet of the Month" in our 2016 Pet Calendar? If not, now is the time - voting ends tomorrow! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/calendar-contest-voting/ to vote for Anthony, Brandy, Atlas, Brewtus & Scarlett, Dolly Girl, Flip & Peanut, Little Bean, Frank, Rome, Harley & Noodle, or Wally!

Remember, your $5 vote (or more if you would like!) will benefit the Cleveland APL!, Tom Cruise isn’t the only one on a mission! The Cleveland APL team is also on a mission to find loving homes for all of the wonderful cats and kittens in our adoption centers and we need your help! We need to find loving homes for 100 cats and kittens at the APL. 

To make our #MissionPawssible, adoption fees will be drastically reduced today and tomorrow at both of our adoption locations.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/ for all the details., Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Remember, cat adoption fees are reduced to $5 and kitten adoption fees are $20 this weekend at both of our adoption center locations! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/ for more information., Today, 11 cats and kittens were adopted from the Cleveland APL - help us reach our goal to find loving homes for 100 cats and kittens this weekend during #MissionPawssible and adopt!

Learn about our reduced adoption fees by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/., Fox 8 News' Dick Goddard was at the Cleveland APL filming for the upcoming Dick Goddard's APL Telethon today! The telethon will air on Fox 8 on Thursday, September 17 beginning at 6am and ending at 7:30pm. It will raise money to help the nearly 15,000 animals that the Cleveland APL cares for every year.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/dick-goddards-apl-telethon/ to learn more., Kim, a sweet 1-year-old cat found her happily every after with her new loving dad, who shares that "she picked him" in this touching adoption video by cleveland.com. Check it out!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of our adoptable animals at the Cleveland APL., Have you heard about #MissionPawssible at the Cleveland APL? Our mission is to find 100 cats and kittens loving home this weekend! We have reduced our adoption fees to help our wonderful cats and kittens find loving homes - cat adoption fees are $5 and kittens are just $20 at both of our adoption locations.

Visit the APL and meet Cloudy, a sweet 3-year-old kitty who would love to make her mission pawssible by finding a loving home with you!

Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Don't forget - you have all weekend to place your vote for the final "Pet of the Month" in our 2016 Pet Calendar! Your vote ($5 minimum) for your favorite pet picture will benefit the Cleveland APL!

Vote now: https://clevelandapl.org/calendar-contest-voting/, Szabo Shoes will be hosting a pet adoption and fundraising event on Saturday, August 29. Refreshments will be offered and raffle tickets will be sold for a drawing for prizes. They will also be offering $10 off any regularly priced pair of shoes and a selection of sale shoes. 

20% of the proceeds from the sale of shoes will benefit the Cleveland APL, as well as 100% of the raffle ticket sales.
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, We are on a mission to find loving homes for 100 cats and kittens this weekend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for $20 tomorrow through Sunday!

More information about #MissionPawssible at https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/., Have you placed your vote yet for the final "Pet of the Month" in our 2016 Pet Calendar? If not, now is the time! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/calendar-contest-voting/ to vote for Anthony, Brandy, Atlas, Brewtus & Scarlett, Dolly Girl, Flip & Peanut, Little Bean, Frank, Rome, Harley & Noodle, or Wally!

Remember, your $5 vote (or more if you would like!) will benefit the Cleveland APL!, 300 Hyland Software employees are busy at work volunteering their time around Tremont. We are lucky enough to have 12 of them helping out at our shelter! They're working hard getting some painting done at the APL. Thank you for your help!, Meet Cookie, an adorable 5-year-old kitty who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Cookie is very sweet and does great with cats and dogs.

Adopt Cookie this weekend during #MissionPawssible for a $5 adoption fee! Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Giraffe the kitten and Spiffy and Biffy the Shepherd mix pups are getting ready to make their appearance at #JusticeFurAll across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd. Our Offsite Adoptions team will be there from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. today, so make sure to stop by!, Here is this week's #slowmovideo that features Ladybug, a sweet 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. In this fun video, Ladybug is doing a little dance!

Learn more about Ladybug at: http://bit.ly/1Jkuu6Q, Vote for your favorite photo for our 2016 Pet Calendar and help us select the winner of the final "Pet of the Month!" Check out the top 10 photos in this post!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/calendar-contest-voting/ to place your vote today! Voting will take place now through Sunday, August 16th at 11:59 p.m. and a $5 donation (minimum) equals 5 votes! There is no limit to how many votes you can place, so start voting today!, Tom Cruise isn’t the only one on a mission! The Cleveland APL team is also on a mission to find loving homes for all of the wonderful cats and kittens in our adoption centers and we need your help! We need to find loving homes for 100 cats and kittens who are currently available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont and at the PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma.

To make our Mission: Pawssible, adoption fees will be drastically reduced Friday, August 14, through Sunday, August 16, at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road). Cats over 5 months will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months will be available for adoption for just $20. (Adoption fees have been reduced from $45 for adult cats and $95 for kittens). Dogs will be available at regular adoption fees of $95 for adult dogs and $195 for puppies. https://clevelandapl.org/mission-pawssible/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Vote for your favorite photo (pictured here) for our 2016 Pet Calendar and help us select the winner of the final "Pet of the Month!"

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/calendar-contest-voting/ to place your vote today! Voting will take place today through Sunday, August 16th at 11:59 p.m. and a $5 donation (minimum) equals 5 votes! There is no limit to how many votes you can place, so start voting today!, Join us at the Nine Twelve Shop Stop today! This event takes place every Tuesday, 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. on the Plaza at One Cleveland Center, located at 1375 E 9th Street in downtown Cleveland. Stop by to meet our adoptable animals, have lunch at one of your favorite food trucks, shop local and listen to some great music while enjoying downtown Cleveland!, The votes have been counted for the top 11 “Pets of the Month” for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest. Now, the last vote is up to you!  

In order to vote for the 12th and final “Pet of the Month” photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar, all you have to do is visit https://clevelandapl.org/calendar-contest-voting/ and click on the link on the photo of your choice and make a $5 donation (or more if you choose!) to the Cleveland APL. After the donations are tallied, we will announce the winner next week. So, get to voting!  Please remember – $5 equals five votes and you can vote as much as you’d like!, Check out some fun photos from the Discover Cedar-Fairmount Festival & Arts and Craft Show that we took part in yesterday! It was a great day and 8 animals found loving homes at the event!, Stop at Bruegger's Bagels in Cleveland Heights today and support the Cleveland APL! When you dine at Bruegger’s today, 15% of your purchase will be donated to the Cleveland APL!

(You must present this flier with your purchase to count towards our goal!), Meet Hudson, a sweet 8-year-old cat who is waiting to meet his future family at our adoption center in Tremont. Hudson is adorable and sweet. He was brought to the APL as a stray last month.  #MeowMonday

Learn more about Hudson at: http://bit.ly/1L1vLCy, Today is the 14th annual Cedar Fairmont Neighborhood Festival! Rover, our mobile adoptions unit, will be there, parked in the Fifth Third Bank parking lot at 12401 Cedar Road in Cleveland Heights from noon until 5 p.m. with adoptable dogs and cats. Join us for this annual event that is fun for the whole family!, Tomorrow is the 14th annual Cedar Fairmont Neighborhood Festival! Rover, our mobile adoptions unit, will be there, parked in the Fifth Third Bank parking lot at 12401 Cedar Road in Cleveland Heights from noon until 5 p.m. with adoptable dogs and cats. Join us for this annual event that is fun for the whole family!, Team APL is ready for the Cleveland Pride Parade to begin!, There are many ways that you can have fun and support the Cleveland APL in August! Learn how by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/., Q104 - Cleveland's Average Joe and WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Kristin Byrne stopped in with their son to help judge for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! 

We will be asking the community to pick the final photo for the calendar next week, so stay tuned for more information!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, We had a very special visit from the St. Luke's/Cleveland Boys and Girls Club this afternoon. The group collected donations for our animals and had a great time meeting some of our adorable kittens with the help of Lily, Cleveland APL Adoptions Supervisor!, This is the face of a happy pooch! Selena, an adorable 2-year-old Hound mix is loving the time she's spending in our play yard outside.

This sweet girl is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit her today!

View all of our adoptable animals at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/., The judging for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest is just getting started at the Cleveland APL. Our friends Faith Nezovich from Total Traffic + Weather Network, Jason Nicholas from NewsChannel 5, Aly and Jeff from Q104, and Mark, retired Associated Press photographer., Last night, we held our "magical" Volunteer Appreciation event at the Cleveland APL. We celebrated our incredible volunteers who do so much for our animals and our organization and also presented some very special awards. 

Congratulations to Martin, Betty, George, Susan and Jennifer who were all presented with the "Volunteer of the Year" award! Your commitment to the Cleveland APL and compassion for helping animals touches so many lives - both animal and human!, Last Friday, we shared the story of Sia the kitten and Lucy the cat who, through a blood transfusion performed by our amazing Veterinary team, was able to provide Sia with the blood that he so desperately needed in order to survive.

Since Friday, Sia has been thriving in his loving foster home.  His foster mom reports that he is “doing fantastic, has gained some weight, and is almost fully recovered!” Sweet Sia has regained his “kitten energy” and is having a ball playing in his foster home. Even better news is that Sia’s foster family loves him so much that they plan to adopt him!  Thanks to our Veterinary team, and of course to Lucy, the cat who provided Sia with the blood he needed, we expect that he will make a full recovery. 

Lucy is still doing great and is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. She would make a wonderful addition to any family, so please visit this sweet girl today! Learn more about Lucy at http://bit.ly/1T3NPe6.

Because of support of the generous people who believe in helping extraordinary animals overcome extraordinary circumstances, we are able to help animals like Sia and Lucy – animals who may have had a rough start in life, but thanks to our Second Chance Program, they can find their happily ever afters. If you would like to help us help more animals like these two very special cats, please visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Lucy%20and%20Sia%20%2D%20Social%20Media and make a donation today., Meet Mimi, an adorable 1-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl is ready to find her happily ever after and a wonderful home - could that home be yours?

Learn more about Mimi by visiting http://bit.ly/1P8gq1B., A big thank you to Reilly who stopped in today to drop off donations she asked for instead of gifts for her birthday. Thank you, Reilly!, Demag, A Terex Brand is holding a fun community activity on Friday from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. with the Cleveland APL! We will have adoptable cats and dogs at the event, so be sure to stop by. The event will be held at their location at 29201 Aurora Road in Solon.

Also, a collection of donations from our wish list will be held at the event so feel free to bring your donations with you! Our full wish list is available at https://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/., Spend a moment on your Wednesday reading a #ClevelandAPLHappyTale!  Here's Pinky's Happy Tale:

"Two years ago, our cat of 20 years passed away. Once we were ready to bring another cat into our home, we started looking at the various adoption websites. Once we saw Pinky’s picture, we were in love. We went down the next day and met her for the first time. She was scared and shy but we could tell she had a special something. The first month or so was an adjustment period for her, but once she realized she was in HER home, she really came out of her shell and had been an absolutely perfect fit with our household. She is so sweet and adorable and is really all you could ask for in a cat. We call her Perfect Pinky!" - Pinky’s Family

Do you have a Happy Tale to share? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/happy-tales/ to learn how you can submit yours!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Meet Halley and Maddy, our Pets of the Week!, There are lots of fun ways to support the Cleveland APL this month! Check them all out at https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/., Interested in becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care to learn how., Meet Fogarty, a 5-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl has not been in a home with other animals and would do best with children over 12 years of age. Fogarty loves to be petted on her head and between the eyes. Visit Fogarty today! #MeowMonday

View all of our adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Adopt your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of the wonderful animals who are waiting for loving home at both of our adoption locations., Join the APL’s Offsite Adoption Team and Rover at the 10th Annual North Royalton Animal Hospital’s Pet Carnival from 1-4 pm today! There will be fun activities for pets and their families and APL adoptable dogs and cats looking for wonderful homes!, Today is the FINAL DAY to enter your pet's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

The deadline to enter your pet's picture is today, so head on over to https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to submit yours! Steve, the sweet kitty pictured, had his photo entered by his family. Make sure to enter your pet's picture!

The entry fee is $25, and remember, each and every photo entered is guaranteed to be included in the calendar - regardless of whether they win "Pet of the Month" or not!, There are only 2 days left to enter your pet's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! That's right - just 2 days!

The deadline to enter your pet's picture is this tomorrow, August 2, so be sure to visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to submit yours today! This handsome pooch Dexter's photo has been entered - has your pet's?

The entry fee is $25, and remember, each and every photo entered is guaranteed to be included in the calendar - regardless of whether they win "Pet of the Month" or not!, Come visit us at SouthPark Mall today from 11 am – 3 pm! We will be there with our adoptable animals, so be sure to look for us near Center Court. 

To view all of our Offsite Adoption events, visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/., Tryst Salon and Spa’s Dog Days of Summer will take place tomorrow from 11 am to 3 pm. Join Tryst for an afternoon of furry fun! Visit APL adoptable animals, and adopt a new pet for your family!  Enjoy a Chinese auction, lemonade stand, games, giveaways/raffles, salon specials and more! All proceeds benefit the Cleveland APL.

Also, present the flyer that can be found here -  https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ - at the Mentor Malley’s on August 1, the Dog Days of Summer event, and they will donate 20% of their ice cream sales to the Cleveland APL!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Today is #FosterFriday! Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer Claire shares the story about Harvey, a very special kitten who is waiting for a loving home today at the Cleveland APL.

"'One of the most rewarding things I do in my life is foster animals from the Cleveland APL. I have been fostering for more than 3 years, and there is nothing that I love more than being able to give kittens the love and attention they deserve while in my care." 

"Harvey is a very special kitten who came to the APL with a wound on his left cheek that was caused by another animal. It was infected and he was in pain. After a round of antibiotics for the infection, I took Harvey home with his siblings while he healed and got that love and TLC he and his sisters needed."

"Harvey is the sweetest kitten. Although his wound has healed for the most part, he will always have a bit of a gap on the side of his mouth, so he will always need some special attention to making sure his teeth, which are exposed on that side, are clean. Harvey loves to eat, so when food particles fall out of the side, or he washes his face, he does tend to get food stains on his paws and face. The sweet boy loves to play and snuggle.  I LOVE what I do for the Foster Department at the APL!  How could you not when you get to love these fur babies, play with them, and see them get adopted to loving homes?!  Harvey's siblings have been adopted, but Harvey is still waiting for his....do you have a room for Harvey in your home for Harvey?

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-res…/foster-care/ to learn more about our Foster Care program and how you can get involved.

Visit http://bit.ly/1IdtVZa to learn more about Harvey., Lucy, a sweet 3-year-old cat was abandoned in a home alone with her babies, left to fend for themselves. Thankfully, the feline family was rescued by our Humane Investigations team last month and brought to the Cleveland APL to receive the help and care that they needed. 

After arriving at the APL, our team decided that it would be best for Lucy and her kittens to spend some time in the home of a loving APL Foster Care volunteer. After a few weeks, they were ready to come back to the shelter for adoption.

Today, something very unexpected happened – a tiny kitten named Sia was brought in by a Good Samaritan who found him in horrible shape in the middle of the road. He was in desperate need of help – little did we know that Lucy would be Sia’s lifeline.  Our Veterinary team examined him and diagnosed him with an Upper Reparatory Infection (URI) and also with Conjunctivitis.  He was also covered in fleas and, as a result of these fleas, poor Sia was severely anemic and needed a blood transfusion to survive. That’s where Lucy comes in. 

Dr. Lash, our Head of Veterinary Services determined that in order to get Sia the transfusion that he desperately needed, we would need a healthy adult cat who would be still and cooperate for a few minutes, and Lucy was just that cat.  When the transfusion was finished, two teaspoons of blood were taken from Lucy and transfused to the orphaned baby.  Although Sia is still in critical condition, he is showing increased strength after the transfusion thanks to Lucy. As we write this, sweet Lucy is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont, and Sia is being cared for in his foster home. 

Because of our Second Chance Program, we are able to help animals like Sia – this would not be possible without donations. If you would like to help us help more animals like Sia, please visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Lucy%20and%20Sia%20%2D%20Social%20Media, It's #NationalMuttDay! Do you have a photo of your adorable mutt that you would like to share? Post it in the comments section below! Also, if your pooch was adopted from the Cleveland APL, let us know. We love to see updates about our alumni!, There are just 3 days left to enter your pet's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

The deadline to enter your pet's picture is this Sunday, August 2, so head on over to https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to submit yours! We absolutely love this adorable picture of Gigi the guinea pig!

The entry fee is $25, and remember, each and every photo entered is guaranteed to be included - regardless of whether they win "Pet of the Month" or not!, Today is the day! The Hanford Dixon Horseshoe Casino Cleveland Golf Invitational is getting started at StoneWater Golf Club. We are honored to receive the proceeds from this fantastic event. Thank you for your support!, Today is the last day of July and also the last day of CATmas in July! That's right - today is the final day to visit one of our adoption locations and adopt a feline friend for a reduced adoption fee! Meet some of our many wonderful cats who are waiting to find homes!

Learn all of the details about our reduced fees and adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl, There are only 4 days left to enter your pet's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

The deadline to enter your pet's picture is this Sunday, August 2, so head on over to https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to submit yours! We are loving this sweet photo of Marina entered by her family!

The entry fee is $25, but remember, each and every photo entered is guaranteed to be included - regardless of whether they win "Pet of the Month" or not!, Meet some of the many sweet kittens who are waiting for loving homes during CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL!

Adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for $20 today and tomorrow at both of our adoption locations. More at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, CATmas in July continues at the Justice Center this morning! These cuties will be available for adoption for only $20 at Huntington Park (W. 3rd and Lakeside in downtown Cleveland) for this week’s Justice Fur All event! Come and meet these six adorable kittens and 2 dogs from 11 am to 1:30 pm today!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, You can find love at the Cleveland APL just like Isabel did! Check out this fantastic video by cleveland.com and hear the touching adoption story of Rachel the kitten.

Don't forget - CATmas in July is still going on at the Cleveland APL! Adopt a cat (5 months or older) for $5 or a kitten (under 5 months) for only $20 today and tomorrow.
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Visit with some of our wonderful adoptable animals today at  #JusticeFurAll across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd. Our Offsite Adoptions team is there from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.

Don't forget - it's also CATmas in July today and tomorrow, so cats will be available for $5 and kittens for $20! Enjoy your lunch break and some puppy and kitty snuggles today! https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, There are only 5 days left to enter your pet's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

The deadline to enter your pet's picture is this Sunday, August 2, so head on over to https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to submit yours! We love this adorable picture of Marvin entered by his family! 

The entry fee is $25, but remember, each and every photo entered is guaranteed to be included - regardless of whether they win "Pet of the Month" or not!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, CATmas in July is still going on at the Cleveland APL! Check out this fun video on cleveland.com about our reduced adoption fees now through Friday.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for more details., Head to Tryst Salon and Spa’s Dog Days of Summer this Saturday!

Join Tryst from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. for an afternoon of furry fun!  This is Tryst's second fundraising event in the Mentor Corners Shopping Center parking lot to benefit the Cleveland APL! Visit Rover, the Cleveland APL's mobile adoption unit, and adopt a new pet for your family!  Enjoy a Chinese auction, lemonade stand, games, giveaways/raffles, salon specials and more! All proceeds raised benefit the Cleveland APL., CATmas in July is going on at both Cleveland APL adoption locations now through this Friday! Adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for $20 and enjoy your life with a new furry companion. 

More about CATmas in July and our adoption locations: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, For #MeowMonday, we are featuring Cici, a sweet 2.5-year-old kitty who is ready to find a loving home during CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL!

To learn more about CATmas in July and our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees, please visit: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/

To learn more about Cici, visit: http://bit.ly/1h02knF, It's the FINAL WEEK to enter your furry friend's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter your pet's photo today! Remember, the $25 entry fee will benefit the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services., As you may have already heard, we are celebrating “halfway to the holidays” in a special way by reducing cat and kitten adoption fees. We have decided to keep the celebration going by extending the festive feline adoption fee reduction through Friday, July 31st.  Enjoy the warm July weather and the love of a feline friend and celebrate CATmas in July with the Cleveland APL!

Adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for just $20 now through Friday, July 31! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for all of the details!, Grab your cameras, everyone. You have some extra time to pose your pets and enter their photos in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! The original deadline of today, Friday, July 24th, has been extended until Sunday, August 2nd.

Photos can be entered online by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/. Your $25 entry fee will support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services., Is your furry friend star material? Check out some of the fur-tastic photos that have been submitted so far in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest - it's not too late! The deadline has been extended to Sunday, August 2, so be sure to submit your photo entry today. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter!, Hit it big for a good cause! Showcase your golf prowess while supporting a worthy cause with Horseshoe Cleveland on July 31, 2015. In this 2nd Annual golf outing, you’ll play the stunning green at StoneWater Golf Club in Highland Heights, Ohio alongside Hall of Fame-caliber athletes including Hall of Fame tight-end, Ozzie Newsome, “Mr. Cavalier,” Austin Carr and two-time pro-bowler, Kevin Mack and the Top Dawg himself, Hanford Dixon. All proceeds will be donated to the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

For additional information and to reserve your spot in this prestigious event, please contact VIP Services at 216-297-4903 or HorseshoeCLEGolf@caesars.com., Want to make your summer even better this year? Adopt your new best friend!

Visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart® store today and meet our adoptable animals during CATmas in July. Our offsite adoptions team will be there along with our friends from Tails from the City. We will have dogs and cats available for adoption from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Plus, Scooby Doo will be making an appearance as “Puppy Claus!”

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Want to make your summer even better this year? Adopt your new best friend!

Visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart® store tomorrow and meet our adoptable animals during CATmas in July. Our offsite adoptions team will be there along with our friends from Tails from the City. We will have dogs and cats available for adoption from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Plus, Scooby Doo will be making an appearance as “Puppy Claus!”, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Looking for a feline friend to adopt? Visit either of our adoption center locations to meet your new best friend during CATmas in July! Cats have a $5 adoption fee and kittens have a $20 adoption fee now through Friday, July 31. More at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Head to Tryst Salon and Spa tomorrow for for TRYSTmas!

- Receive 20% off all retail products. 
- Bring donations from the Cleveland Animal Protective League's wish list & receive a raffle ticket for a Full Spa Day at Tryst or a Troll Beads bracelet from Great Lakes Coin and Jewelry. 
- For every $25 Tryst Gift Card purchased, receive a $5 Product Gift Card 
- Come into Tryst in your "Ugly Christmas Shirt", make any purchase & choose a gift from the Trystmas tree.

To view our wish list, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/., As you may have already heard, we are celebrating “halfway to the holidays” in a special way by reducing cat and kitten adoption fees. We have decided to keep the celebration going by extending the festive feline adoption fee reduction through Friday, July 31st.  Enjoy the warm July weather and the love of a feline friend and celebrate CATmas in July with the Cleveland APL!

Reduced adoption fees during the Cleveland APL’s CATmas in July will take place now through Friday, July 31, at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road). Cats over 5 months will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months will be available for adoption for just $20.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Grab your cameras, everyone. You have some extra time to pose your pets and enter their photos in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! The original deadline of today, Friday, July 24th, has been extended until Sunday, August 2nd.

Photos can be entered online by visiting www.ClevelandAPL.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest. Your $25 entry fee will support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services., Come celebrate "halfway to the holidays" by adopting a new furry friend! Now through Sunday, July 26, cats over 5 months are available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months are available for just $20.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoption-center-hours-location/ to view our hours and locations.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/ to learn more about CATmas in July!, We have a cart full of donations for our animals and it's all thanks to our wonderful supporters who purchased items for us off of our Amazon Wish List!

A big thank you to Ruth, Bart, Bill, Kellie, Amy, Matthew, and many more who generously purchased items for us during the month of July!  To view our Amazon Wish List and to see what items we are currently in need of, please visit http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Tomorrow is the last day to enter your pet's picture in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! When entering your pet's photo, you furry friend will have a chance to win "Pet of the Month" in our 2016 calendar and is guaranteed to be included somewhere in the calendar.

The $25 entry fee (per photo) includes a copy of our full-color calendar which will be mailed to you in November. The fee also supports the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest to enter today!, Noodle and Diablo (right) are waiting for a home during CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL! These two adorable kitties are the best of friends and would love to meet a family that would adopt them together.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/ to learn about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this week and weekend!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Look at some of the adorable photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! Have you entered your pet's picture yet?

If not, start snapping photos - the deadline to enter is this Friday!  https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ for details on how to enter., Did you know you could have fun and support the Cleveland APL at the same time? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn about the ways in which you can help!, CATmas in July is in full swing at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma to meet all of our wonderful cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes.

Cats are available for just $5 and kittens for $20 now through Sunday. Come meet wonderful animals like Mars (pictured), a sweet 7-month-old kitten who is waiting for a loving home.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for all of the details!, It's here - the final week to enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest has arrived! For a $25 entry fee, your pet's photo will be in the running to win a month in the calendar and is guaranteed to be included on the pages of the APL's full-color calendar, which you will receive by mail in November. 

Your entry fee will support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services. Enter now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest, Meet Callie, a sweet 2.5-year-old Calico cat who is waiting to find her happily ever after at the Cleveland APL during CATmas in July!

Visit Callie and all of our adoptable cats and kittens this week and weekend during this festive time, and give an animal a happy "halfway to the holidays" by adopting! #MeowMonday

More about CATmas in July: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl

View all of our adoptable animals: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, Our friends at Star 102 Cleveland are helping us spread the word about CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL! Adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee now through Sunday, July 26. 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl for all the details!, ****UPDATE: Blinky has been found and is home safe!!!! Thank you everyone for sharing!

PARMA AREA RESIDENTS: Blinky, a 7-year-old Mastiff/Hound mix is missing from her home! Blinky was recently adopted from our Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and ran away from her home on July 18. 

Blinky ran from her home on Ridgewood Lakes Drive in Parma and headed west towards Southington Drive towards Parma Heights (away from the Senior High School). She has on a pink collar with pink and white paw prints.

Please call the Parma police department at (440) 887-7300 or our EAC at  440-845-9592, ext. 5 if you see Blinky., It's CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL! Adopt your new best friend for a reduced adoption fee now through Sunday, July 26! More info: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl, Look at some of the adorable photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest! Have you entered your pet's picture yet?

If not, be sure to start snapping photos - the deadline to enter is Friday, July 24! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ for details on how to enter., Join over 35,000 visitors in one of the best neighborhoods in Cleveland tomorrow at Taste of Tremont! The APL mobile adoption unit, Rover, will be on Jefferson (in front of the library) from noon to 8 p.m. with adoptable kittens and dogs. There will be 65 restaurants, galleries, artists and businesses offering fine food, beer, wine and art along Professor Avenue. We hope to see you then!

More info: http://tasteoftremont.com, Did you hear?! It's CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL! Reduced adoption fees will take place now through Sunday, July 26, at both of our adoption center locations.

Get all the information at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl, Noodle and Diablo would love to go home together.  Diablo is a little timid, but Noodle loves him and snuggles with him every chance she gets!  They are part of our CATSMAS promo today for $5 each., Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Looking for a feline friend to adopt? Visit either of our adoption center locations to meet your new best friend during CATmas in July! Cats have a $5 adoption fee and kittens have a $20 adoption fee now through Sunday, July 26. More at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl, One week left! That's right - there is just one week left to enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest. Have a cute photo of your furry friend?

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter your pet's photo today!, It's CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL! Reduced adoption fees will take place today through Sunday, July 26, at both of our adoption center locations.

Cats over 5 months are available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months are available for adoption for just $20. 

More information at: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl

Location information: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoption-center-hours-location, Are you on your lunch break? If so, make sure to visit our adoptable animals during #JusticeFurAll across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and West 3rd.

If you missed us today, check out the upcoming dates on the left side of this graphic!

More Cleveland APL offsite adoption events at:https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events, Meet Bubba, a sweet 3-month-old kitten who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. This handsome guy is ready for CATmas in July! Tomorrow through Sunday, July 26 at both of our adoption center locations. Cats over 5 months will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months will be available for adoption for just $20.

Learn more about CATmas in July: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/

More info about Bubba: http://bit.ly/1McusRb, It's CATmas in July at the Cleveland APL! It may be too soon to start thinking about the holidays, but it’s never too soon to think about adopting a feline friend!

Reduced adoption fees during CATmas in July will take place Friday, July 17, through Sunday, July 26, at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road). Cats over 5 months will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months will be available for adoption for just $20.

More info: https://clevelandapl.org/its-catmas-in-july-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Grace stopped by the Cleveland APL today with her mom and sister to deliver blankets and toys she made for our cats. Thank you for all your hard work for the animals, Grace. We know they will love them! :), Today is #PrimeDay on Amazon which means that Prime members have exclusive access to more deals than Black Friday! 

Did you know that you can shop on Amazon and support the Cleveland APL in two ways? Here is how:

1. The first way to support the APL on Amazon is to shop at AmazonSmile. When you do, you will find the same shopping experience you would on Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! Simply visit smile.amazon.com and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" and start shopping! 

2. The second way you can support the Cleveland APL on Amazon is by visiting our Amazon Wish List. Just enter the web address http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV into your browser to view all of the items we are currently in need of. You can purchase any of the items on Amazon, and they will be shipped right to the Cleveland APL!

More about Prime Day: http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=11448061011, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Season's selfie was photo bombed by Cookie! These two cuties are waiting for loving homes at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. Visit them today!, How adorable is this duo? Meet Bella and Biscuit, 5-year-old Retriever/Bulldog mixes who are waiting to find a loving home together. These sweet sisters are housebroken, do great with kids and other dogs, and would make a wonderful addition to any family.

Learn more about Bella and Biscuit by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions., Look at some of the adorable photo entries we have received so far for our Pet Calendar Contest! Have you entered your pet's picture yet?

If not, be sure to start snapping photos soon - the deadline to enter is Friday, July 24! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest for details on how to enter., Volunteer and help us help the pets we love! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1KKQtEQ. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, Meet Turtle, a sweet 6.5-year-old cat who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Turtle has been waiting for a home since October. Visit this cutie today! #MeowMonday

More about Turtle: http://bit.ly/1HpYvAH, Meet your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals to view all of the wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store., You have just 2 weeks left to enter your furry friend's photo into our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work. Don't delay - enter your pet's photo today!, Join us tomorrow for the Chagrin Valley Hunter Jumper Classic at the Cleveland Metroparks Polo Field. The event will take place from 8 am to 8 pm. Dogs and cats will be available for adoption at this annual, prestigious event that is the 50th anniversary of grand prix show jumping in North America.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Look at some of the paw-some photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Haven't entered your pet's picture yet? You have just 2 weeks left! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work!, Today is #FosterFriday! Cleveland APL Foster Care Pet Partner* volunteers Betsy and Rachael share the story about their two adorable foster puppies who they have been caring for since they were just a day old. 

"Less than a year ago, we became Pet Partner dog walking volunteers at the Cleveland APL. Meeting all of the wonderful dogs during our volunteer hours made us want to do more to help animals waiting for their forever homes.

In late March, we signed up to be Foster Care volunteers.  Only a few weeks later, we were asked to foster two orphaned newborn puppies who would require around the clock feedings and care. We brought them home when they were less than 24 hours old!  Our entire family began to organize a “puppy nursery” in our guest room and learned how to care for these precious babies. Over the next several weeks, it was amazing to watch them grow and develop—we even made notes of each new milestone they would reach like eyes are open, taking steps, beginning to play and no more bottles - taking puppy mush!

Those little helpless babies are now 11 weeks old and a bundle of active puppy love and joy!  They will soon be ready for adoption and we are thankful they could begin their lives in a loving home.  Fostering has been a wonderful experience for our family. We worked together to save them and feel so rewarded by the love they give us in return! Every day they wiggle when they see us and give lots of kisses. Many people ask how we can give them back, but we know that we are giving them a better chance to be placed in a loving home and opening up ours again to help the next foster animals who needs extra special care."
-Betsy & Rachael, Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteers

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ to learn more about our Foster Care program and how you can get involved.

*Learn about our Pet Partner Program for children ages 9 to 15 at https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/faqs/., Check out some fun photos that were taken at SouthPark Mall's Pet Safety Day yesterday! Our adoptable animals took part in this fur-tastic event., Thank you to Kelsey, Annalise, Anna, Rylee and Carly, members of Girl Scout Troop 70231, for stopping by today to bring in donations for our animals. Thank you for your support, girls!, Do you love helping animals? Are you interested in helping our veterinarians provide treatment and care for animals at the Cleveland APL? Are you a Registered Veterinary Technician in State of Ohio? If you answered yes to these questions, then our new job opening for a Registered Veterinarian Technician might be perfect for you!

Learn more about this career opportunity and how you can apply by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/2015/06/19/registered-veterinarian-technician/., Cleveland Scene Magazine is sharing photos of some of our wonderful adoptable animals who are all waiting for homes! Featured in the photos is Momma, a sweet 10-year-old cat who has been waiting for a home at the Cleveland APL for 10 months. Also featured is Ladybug, an adorable 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who has been waiting to meet her future family since she came to us in March., Thank you to Lillie, an APL volunteer, who stopped in today to drop off donations she collected for the APL while holding a lemonade stand. Thank you so much for your generosity and kindness!, Join our Offsite Adoptions team at SouthPark Mall today for two Pet Safety Play Dates with the American Red Cross! Adoptable dogs and cats will be available from 11 am to 2 pm and again from 5 pm to 8 pm, and there will be lots to enjoy as well. See the event listing below for all of the fun and educational activities in store for you and your family! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/368855836643792/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Join our Offsite Adoptions team at SouthPark Mall tomorrow for two Pet Safety Play Dates with the American Red Cross! Adoptable dogs and cats will be available from 11 am to 2 pm and again from 5 pm to 8 pm, and there will be lots to enjoy as well. See the event listing below for all of the fun and educational activities in store for you and your family! 

Learn more: https://www.facebook.com/events/368855836643792, July is #AdoptaShelterRabbitMonth!

Meet Cotton and Thumper, two 3-year-old rabbits who were brought to the Cleveland APL together in need of a loving home. These two cuties are waiting to meet their future family at our adoption center in Tremont.

View all of our rabbits available for adoption at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals., The very adorable Mae joined our team in our staff meeting this morning. She was having a great time playing with her toy, as your can see from this fun video clip!

Visit Mae at our adoption center in Tremont and learn more about her by visiting http://bit.ly/1NP6h9l, Are you ready to enter your pet's photo in the Cleveland APL's Pet Calendar Contest? 

View these example photos to help guide you to taking that perfect picture! Remember, all photos entered should be in a horizontal, high resolution format. Also, no people (or parts of people), please!
Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest to enter today!, Midnight is a 6-year-old cat who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray in May. This  pretty girl does well with other cats and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Midnight today! #MeowMonday

More about Midnight: http://bit.ly/1M7nbyW, Learn how you can support the Cleveland APL by going to fun events like the Cleveland Grand Prix Horse & Hound Relay on Friday, July 10! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, You have just 3 weeks left to enter your furry friend's photo into our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work. Don't delay - enter your pet's photo today!, Our adoption center in Tremont is closed today for the 4th of July. Our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

We hope you and your furry friends have a safe and happy 4th!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Check out some of the fur-tastic photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Haven't entered your pet's picture yet? You have just 3 weeks left! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work!, This time of year can be fun and festive as we gather with our friends and family to enjoy the warm weather, cookouts, and to celebrate the independence of our beautiful country on the 4th of July. This holiday weekend can also be a scary one for our pets.

Check out some tips that will help you keep your furry friends safe this holiday weekend:

• Never leave alcoholic drinks unattended where pets can reach them. Alcoholic beverages have the potential to poison pets. If ingested, the animal could become very intoxicated and weak, severely depressed or could go into a coma. Death from respiratory failure is also a possibility in severe cases.

• Always keep matches and lighter fluid out of your pets’ reach. Certain types of matches contain chlorates, which could potentially damage blood cells and result in difficulty breathing—or even kidney disease in severe cases. Lighter fluid can be irritating to skin, and if ingested can produce gastrointestinal irritation and central nervous system depression. If lighter fluid is inhaled, aspiration pneumonia and breathing problems could develop.

• Never use fireworks around pets! While exposure to lit fireworks can potentially result in severe burns and/or trauma to the face and paws of curious pets, even unused fireworks can pose a danger. Many types contain potentially toxic substances, including potassium nitrate, arsenic and other heavy metals.

• Loud, crowded fireworks displays are no fun for pets, so please resist the urge to take them to Independence Day festivities. Instead, keep your little guys safe from the noise in a quiet, sheltered and escape-proof area at home.

More at: https://www.aspca.org/pet-care/fourth-july-safety-tips, How sweet is this picture of Dale?! Dale is an adorable 5-month-old hamster who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit this little cutie today!

More about Dale: http://bit.ly/1JAz5DN, We had some wonderful visitors stop by the Cleveland APL this week to deliver donations for our animals! Thank you to Emma who brought in lots of donations including dog biscuits, toys, and much more! Emma received these items in honor of her birthday.

Also, Ella, Lila, Keali, Max, and Douglas collected donations for the APL while holding a lemonade stand. Thank you for your generosity and kindness, everyone!, Are you wondering where to head during your lunch break this afternoon? Check out #JusticeFurAll across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and W. 3rd. Our Offsite Adoptions team is there from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. with some of our adorable adoptable animals!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events, Meet Tipper, a sweet 3-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL in May. This pretty girl does great with other cats and is spending some time in the APL's cat playroom before she finds a family. 

More about Tipper: http://bit.ly/1emeKEK, Our Offsite Adoptions team made an appearance at the Cleveland Public Library today from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. to provide some much-needed snuggle time to people on their lunch breaks.

Cleveland APL volunteer Greg Murray Photography just so happened to be in the area and stopped by to capture some beautiful photos of our animals and volunteers!

View information about all of our upcoming Offsite Adoption events by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Ladybug is ready to find a loving family to call her own, which is why we are reducing her adoption fee to $50!  This beautiful 3-year-old Pit Bull mix has been waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont since March. Visit Ladybug today!

More at: http://bit.ly/1Jkuu6Q, Want to give someone a meaningful gift that will also help homeless animals at the Cleveland APL? Make a donation in honor of an animal lover in your life in celebration of their birthday, wedding, new pet, or just to brighten their day. 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/ to make your donation today!, Check out this adorable #TongueOutTuesday picture! Chloe is 7 years old and is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. This handsome guy is very sweet and enjoys playing with feather toys. He does well with other cats.

More about Chloe:http://bit.ly/1FNj1a9, A big thank you to David who built 5 cat shelters for our feral cats for his Eagle Scout project. David said he loves animals and to build, so this really was the perfect project for him! We appreciate your hard work on the shelters and for donating your time to build them for the cats - they will love them!, There's just about 3 weeks left to enter your pet's adorable photo into our Pet Calendar Contest! Enter the contest and support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work in the process. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest., Meet Tai Chi, a sweet and beautiful 1.5-year-old cat who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray in March. This pretty girl is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit Tai Chi today!
More at: http://bit.ly/1C1m046, Want to have a good time and support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn how!, Check out some of the fur-tastic photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Haven't entered your pet's picture yet? It's not too late! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work!, #PurrassicWorld is still open at the Cleveland APL today! Come to either of our adoption centers to adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for $10.

Today is the last day of this prehistoric event, so come adopt a feline friend today!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/, #PurrassicWorld at the Cleveland APL continues tomorrow! Visit either of our adoption center locations to adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for only $10!

Tomorrow is the last day of this prehistoric event, so be sure to stop by! More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Adopt a new pet this weekend during #PurrassicWorld at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Are you looking for the purrfect prehistoric pet to add to your family? #PurrassicWorld is now open at the Cleveland APL!

Adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for just $10 today and tomorrow at both of our adoption center locations!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/, The kittens have made their arrival and joined the cats at the Cleveland APL’s #PurrassicWorld! Since the APL is being taken over by these sweet, cuddly animals, their adoption fees are being reduced in order to find more animals loving homes.

Adopt a cat for $5 and a kitten for just $10 today and tomorrow at both of our adoption center locations!

More info at: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl, Today is #TakeYourDogToWorkDay! 

Did you bring your four-legged friend to work today? Share a picture in the comments section below! :), They are here.

There are lots of adorable dino-cats and kittens who are ready to go home during #PurrassicWorld at the Cleveland APL!

Cat adoption fees (over 5 months) are $5 and kitten adoption fees (under 5 months) is $10 now through Saturday. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for all the info!, Our cats are turning into dino-cats! Don't believe us? Watch this video!

Head down either of our adoption center locations to adopt a new feline friend. Cats (over 5 months) are $5 and kittens are $10 today through Saturday during #PurrassicWorld! 
https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl, Stephanie Ash, Cleveland APL Adoptions Supervisor is ready to help you find the purrfect dino-cat or kitten during #PurrassicWorld! 

Come to our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store to adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for only $10.
https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/, They have arrived.

#PurrassicWorld is now open at the Cleveland APL's two adoption center locations. Since the APL is being taken over by these sweet, cuddly animals, their adoption fees are being reduced in order to find more animals loving homes.

Cat adoption fees (over 5 months) are $5 and kitten adoption fees (under 5 months) is $10 today through Saturday. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for all the info!, Have you heard? The kittens will be joining the cats at the Cleveland APL’s Purrassic World! Since the APL is being taken over by these sweet, cuddly animals, their adoption fees are being reduced in order to find more animals loving homes. #PurrassicWorld #PrattKeeping

Adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for just $10 tomorrow through Saturday at both Cleveland APL locations.
https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Kobe, one of our two office cats, is getting ready for #PurrassicWorld to take over the Cleveland APL this Thursday through Saturday by recreating a scene from Jurassic Park!

In case you have not heard, cats (over 5 months) will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens (under 5 months) will be available for adoption for just $10 at our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store.

More information: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Did you find a feline family near your home and want to learn how you can help?

Here is information about what you can do:

There are two options if you find a mom and kittens. The first option (if they are friendly) is to make an appointment to bring them in through our Animal Admissions department. Our staff will help you schedule an appointment. Please visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/animal-admissions for information about making an appointment. 

If the cats are not social, the second option would be to bring the cats in through our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program. Our staff will advise you on how you can trap the cats and bring them to the Cleveland APL to be spayed/neutered. More information about our TNR Program: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program
 
Before bringing the cats in, the best thing to do is to make sure mom has hard kitten chow so she can produce enough milk for her family. If possible, touch and handle the kittens, as they learn quickly that people are good when they are small (newborn – 8weeks old). If you can, try to keep mom and kittens confined to a garage or small room. This way you are sure to keep everyone safe and mom can’t move the kittens to a different location. 

Visit http://www.alleycat.org/page.aspx?pid=289 to learn more about how and when to care for and socialize feral kittens., They are coming. Rumor has it that kittens have made their arrival and joined the cats at the Cleveland APL’s Purrassic World! Since the APL is being taken over by these sweet, cuddly animals, their adoption fees are being reduced in order to find more animals loving homes. #PurrassicWorld #PrattKeeping

Adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for just $10 this Thursday through Saturday at both Cleveland APL locations.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl, There is much excitement and anticipation surrounding the Cleveland Animal Protective League this week. Rumor has it that kittens have made their arrival and joined the cats at the Cleveland APL’s Purrassic World! Since the APL is being taken over by these sweet, cuddly animals, their adoption fees are being reduced in order to find more animals loving homes.

Reduced adoption fees during the Cleveland APL’s Purrassic World promotion will take place Thursday, June 25, through Saturday, June 27, at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road). Cats over 5 months will be available for adoption for $5 and kittens under 5 months will be available for adoption for just $10.

https://clevelandapl.org/purrassic-world-to-open-at-the-cleveland-apl/

#PurrassicWorld #PrattKeeping, Join in the fun with the Downtown Cleveland Alliance’s latest lunchtime event series – The Nine Twelve Shop Stop! This event takes place every Tuesday, 11:30am - 1:30pm on the Plaza at One Cleveland Center, located at 1375 E 9th St in Downtown.

Stop by to have lunch at one of your favorite food trucks, shop local and listen to some great music while enjoying downtown CLE. Today, Rover, our mobile adoptions unit, will be there with cats and dogs available for snuggles and adoption!, There's just about one month left to enter your pet's adorable photo into our Pet Calendar Contest! Enter the contest and support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work in the process. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Meet Stormy, a beautiful 1-year-old kitty who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. This sweet girl does well with other cats, but would also be OK as the only animal in the household. Visit Stormy today!

More about Stormy: http://bit.ly/1GizxjZ, Over the weekend, we had our 2,300th adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store! Hooray! 13-year-old Arrow went home with his new parents on Friday. :), The rescheduled date for the Hanford Dixon Horseshoe Casino Cleveland Golf Invitational has been set for Friday, July 31. 

Learn more about the event and other fun ways to help the Cleveland APL by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl., Join us today for the last day of our Pitty & Kitty Party! Head over to our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) to adopt your new best friend!

Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes (over 5 months) are available for adoption for just a $50 adoption, and adult cats (5 months and older) are available for just $5, and kittens are available for just $50.

View all of our adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, Check out some of the fur-tastic photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Haven't entered your pet's picture yet? It's not too late! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work!, Are you feeling down about the Cleveland Cavaliers' loss in the NBA Finals?  We know the feeling, which is why we are throwing a Pitty & Kitty Party at the Cleveland APL to help us drown our sorrows in fuzzy snuggles and wet kisses from some adorable, sweet Pit Bulls and wonderful cats and kittens who are all waiting for loving homes!

The Cleveland APL’s Pitty & Kitty Party will take place today and tomorrow, at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue). Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes (over 5 months) are available for adoption for just a $50 adoption fee during the party, adult cats (5 months and older) are available for just $5, and kittens are available for $50.

View all of our adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/were-having-a-pitty-kitty-party-and-youre-invited, Stop by the Frostville Farmer’s Market in the Cleveland Metroparks from 10:30 am until 1 pm tomorrow to meet some of our wonderful dogs who are waiting for homes!, Check out the adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Adopt a new pet this weekend at the Cleveland APL during our Pitty & Kitty Party: https://clevelandapl.org/were-having-a-pitty-kitty-party-and-youre-invited, Did you know that today is Garfield's 37th birthday? Our favorite orange cat first appeared on television on June 19, 1978 and since then has won the hearts of many people. Garfield, his owner Jon and Jon’s dog Odie became a household name through their show ‘Garfield.'

To celebrate, we want to share one of our adorable kitties who resembles the handsome cat. Meet Thunderball, a handsome 10-year-old cat who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont!

Learn how you can adopt Thunderball for just $5 this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/were-having-a-pitty-kitty-party-and-youre-invited/, Today is #FosterFriday! Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer April shares the story about Lenny, a sweet kitten who she nursed back to health during his time of need.

"About 4 weeks ago, Samm, Cleveland APL Foster Care Coordinator, asked me if I wanted to foster a litter of kittens. Of course I said yes! There were 4 adorable kittens - Leonard, Raj, Sheldon and Howard, named after the characters on the show "The Big Bang Theory." They all weighed about 2 lbs except the little runt named Leonard. He was so much smaller and weaker than his brothers. One of the APL staff members was so concerned about Lenny that she took him home one night before he came to my home. She did not think he would make it through the night, but thankfully he did. After that, I took them home, knowing that little Lenny would need extra TLC and attention."  

"That was easy, he was so easy to love and I just wanted him to get better. Even his brothers knew he was not feeling well, they would lay next to him, but never wrestle with him like they did with each other.  They were thriving! They ate good and played hard and slept good. Little Lenny tried eating on his own, but between his congestion and stuffy nose, it was not an easy task. I syringe-fed him in the mornings and evenings and gave him his medicine every day. After about a week, he started to eat better and play a little and after a few more days he was even getting a little belly too and his little face was filling out! I the sweet litter back to the APL for a 2 week check up and everyone there was surprised at how much better Lenny looked. This is why we foster...right? There is nothing better than to see foster babies grow and thrive or to watch a sick or recovering animal get better in your care, which is why I foster." - April, null, This just in: Not only are the adoption fees reduced for Pit Bulls and adult cats, but we have also reduced the fees for kittens as well! That's right - kittens are available for adoption for just $50 today through Sunday at our adoption center in Tremont.

Celebrate our Pitty and Kitty Party with us and adopt your new best friend!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/were-having-a-pitty-kitty-party-and-youre-invited/, Check out some of the fur-tastic photo entries we have received so far for our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Haven't entered your pet's picture yet? It's not too late! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest to enter today. Remember, proceeds from your entry support the Cleveland APL's life-saving work!, Are you feeling down about the Cavaliers’ loss in the NBA Finals? Did you have your hopes set high for a championship in Cleveland only to have them crushed? We know the feeling, which is why we are throwing a Pitty & Kitty Party at the Cleveland APL to help us drown our sorrows in fuzzy snuggles and wet kisses from some adorable, sweet Pit Bulls and wonderful cats who are all waiting for loving homes!

The Cleveland APL’s Pitty & Kitty Party will take place Friday, June 19, through Sunday, June 21, at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont. All Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes will be available for adoption for just a $50 adoption fee during the party, and adult cats (5 months and older) will be available for just $5.
https://clevelandapl.org/were-having-a-pitty-kitty-party-and-youre-invited/, The popular CLE Clothing Co. Cleveland APL t-shirts are back at our adoption center in Tremont and available for purchase now!

The shirts come in a variety of sizes and the Terminal Tower design (left) is available in both purple and teal!

APL location information: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Meet Mya, a beautiful 11-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty girl does great with other cats and dogs. Visit Mya today!

More about Mya: http://bit.ly/1MOyPyM, How cute are these cuddly kittens?! Come to the Cleveland APL and adopt a new kitten companion today!

View adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Although the Cleveland Cavaliers didn't bring home a championship, we are still #AllinCLE! Congratulations to the Cavs for a great run!

Be sure to visit the Cleveland APL to meet and adopt your new best friend now that the Finals are over! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ or download our free mobile app (Cleveland APL) to view all of our animals who are waiting for homes., June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth! Throughout the month, we will be sharing some of our wonderful cats who are waiting for loving homes.

Meet Bell, a handsome 5-year-old cat who is ready to meet his future family at our adoption center in Tremont! Bell does great with other cats, dogs, and children and would make a great addition to any family.

More about Bell: http://bit.ly/1QF3yz6, Can they do it? Can the Cleveland Cavaliers pull off a win in game 6 of the NBA Finals tonight? Patience the cat (pictured) hopes they can! If the Cavs win tonight, cat adoption fees will be reduced to just $5 tomorrow!

Cheer our team on and come to the Cleveland APL and adopt! #AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS, The Horse & Hound Relay, a Chagrin Valley Hunter Jumper Classic original event, returns in 2015 at 4:30 p.m. July 10 at the Cleveland Metroparks Polo Field. 

Admission for the entire day, including the event, is $5 for adults and $3 for seniors and students. Grounds open for the day at 8 a.m. rain or shine.  Horses and riders and hounds and handlers team up to negotiate a jump/agility course for a $3,000 purse. Entry fee proceeds support the Cleveland APL! 

More information at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Bill Wills from Wills & Snyder in the Morning on Newsradio WTAM 1100 stopped by the Cleveland APL with Faith Nezovich, Manager of Traffic Operations on Total Traffic Network to visit with our animals!

Bill snuggled up with an adorable kitten named Batman, while Faith held a beautiful black kitty named Veil!

View all of our adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, You have just 5 weeks left to enter your pet's photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest. Make your furry friend a star and enter their photo today! Who knows, maybe your pet will win a month like Georgie Girl (pictured here) did!

Enter the contest online now by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Jack is a sweet and very handsome 14-year-old cat who came to the Cleveland APL in May. This adorable guy is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont, so visit him today!
#MeowMonday

More about Jack: http://bit.ly/1JPJZpb, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., We're still #AllinCLE, are you? Remember, if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors tonight, cat adoption fees will be reduced to only $5 tomorrow! #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

View all of our animals who are currently waiting for loving homes at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Want to have fun and support the Cleveland APL at the same time? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn how!, Little Tuffy, the adorable cat featured in this post, is "Miss June" in our 2015 Pet Calendar. Your pet's photo can win a month next year - all you have to do is enter their photo in our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to learn how!, Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Today is #FosterFriday! Today, Baby Girl's foster mom shares her foster kitty's story and the reason why she became a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer:

"Baby Girl came to us in February with a broken pelvis. She could barely walk and was afraid of everything. In our home, she has been given the time she needed to heal. She is getting around much better now and is really a sweet, loving girl. What a transformation! We will really miss her when she leaves us to find her forever home, but we know there will always be another kitty in need of a second chance. Helping and loving an animal when they need it most is the reason we became fosters in the first place. <3" 

Do you want to learn more about how you can become a Foster Care volunteer and help animals like Riggins? Please visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care for more information.

Have questions about fostering? Please contact our Foster Care Coodinator at 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mail at foster@clevelandapl.org., Volunteer and help us help the pets we love! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1KKQtEQ. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, During the Cleveland APL's Red Tag Event today, Fayettville, an adorable 5-year-old Shepherd/Rottweiler mix will be available for adoption for just $50!

Come meet this sweet girl today at our adoption center in Tremont. More about Fayettville at: http://bit.ly/1cOyoJk, There are only 6 weeks left to make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. 

The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!
Enter your pet's photo now! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest., On cleveland.com, Lindsey Kantura shared a story about her wonderful dog named Oscar, a sweet dachshund who came to the Cleveland APL to be adopted after being rescued from a West Virginia puppy mill in 2008.

Thank you, Lindsey, for giving Oscar six and a half wonderful years of love and happiness., Meet Rudy, a handsome 5-year-old cat who is waiting to be adopted at our adoption center in Tremont! Rudy does great with other cats and children and would make a great addition to any family.

Remember, if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the  Golden State Warriors tonight, Rudy's (and all cats over 5 months) adoption fee will be just $5 tomorrow! #AllinCLE, Hello Kitty and Peanut are #AllinCLE. Are you? These two adorable 4-year-old cats are ready for another Cleveland Cavaliers victory tonight! If they win, cat adoption fees (for cats 5 months and older) will be just $5 tomorrow! #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

Learn more about Hello Kitty, Peanut, and all of our other cats who are waiting for homes by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Our friend Harley Helman, founder of Blankets Fur Beasties, stopped by the Cleveland APL today to drop off items that she collected for our animals.

Harley founded Blankets Fur Beasties at the age of 9. She collects animal supplies for shelters in the northeast Ohio area. Thank you for your support and passion for helping animals in need, Harley!, Cleveland APL alumni Fritz, now named Jetpack, stopped by our adoption center in Tremont over the weekend to bring in donations with his parents and to also let our team know how great he is doing! Jet also got to take a picture with his parents and loving Aunt Barbara, who just so happens to be a Cleveland APL volunteer!

Jet and his parents wrote a sweet letter to the APL, thanking our team for helping him:

"Thank you for all that you did for me, and all that you do every day for my APL brothers and sisters! You take chances on animals like me who have been given up on, and care for us while we wait for a family to take a chance on us too." - Jet, Another big win for the Cleveland Cavaliers last night! Did you and your furry friend stay up late watching it?

In celebration of this exciting win, we have reduced cat adoption fees to $5 today! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC in Parma to adopt your new best friend today!

The adorable kitty pictured is Leonardo, a sweet 1-year-old who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont.
More at: http://bit.ly/1F8cJl4, Thank you to Lauren who stopped by our adoption center in Tremont today to drop off donations that she collected for us as a part of her school project. Thank you for your support, Lauren!, June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth! Throughout the month, we will be sharing some of our wonderful cats who are waiting for loving homes.

Meet Momma, a sweet 10-year-old girl who was brought to the APL last August. Momma is looking for a house companion who will respect her independence. Her perfect home would be one that she is the only "fur baby." Visit Momma at our adoption center in Tremont today!

More about Momma: http://bit.ly/1HATohI, Oscar the cat is ready for tonight's Cleveland Cavaliers game against the Golden State Warriors in game 3 of the NBA Finals! Are you #AllinCLE? We sure are! If the Cavs win tonight, we will celebrate by reducing cat adoption fees to just $5 tomorrow! #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

Oscar (pictured) is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. More about Oscar at: http://bit.ly/1e08WB4, Join in the fun with the Downtown Cleveland Alliance’s latest lunchtime event series – The Nine Twelve Shop Stop! This event takes place every Tuesday, 11:30am - 1:30pm on the Plaza at One Cleveland Center, located at 1375 E 9th St in Downtown.

Stop by to have lunch at one of your favorite food trucks, shop local and listen to some great music while enjoying downtown CLE. Today, Rover, our mobile adoptions unit, will be there with cats and dogs available for snuggles and adoption!, You have just 6 weeks left to make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Enter your pet's photo now! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/ to enter today., Help us help the little ones! We take in dozens of animals every day. We take in animals of all kinds—those that are healthy, and those that are sick, too.
  
This is where you come in! Every day, people just like you become foster parents and provide a temporary home to animals who are in need of a little TLC—some have a simple cold and just need a place to stay and some need medicine while they recover. Some just need to get bigger and stronger and gain a little weight. You can decide what animals you’re comfortable fostering. 

Fostering is extremely rewarding, and we provide everything you need! You can take one kitten, or ten—and know that each one of those is a life saved! If you are interested in fostering, please contact us at: 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mail at foster@clevelandapl.org

More about fostering: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care, Meet Bell, a handsome 5-year-old cat who was surrendered by his owner in March due to allergies in the family. Bell does great with other cats, dogs and kids and would be a great addition to any family!

Visit Bell at our adoption center in Tremont today and adopt him for just $5 in honor of the Cleveland Cavaliers win last night! #MeowMonday

More about Bell: http://bit.ly/1QF3yz6, They did it!!!! Our Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors in game 2 of the NBA Finals last night! In celebration of their exciting win and in an effort to find more cats loving homes, cat adoption fees will be just $5 today at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC in Parma today!
#AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

Locations and hours: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact

Adoptable cats: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, Our Cleveland Cavaliers are ready to take on the Golden State Warriors in game 2 and our cats are ready, too! If the Cavs win tonight, cat adoption fees will be just $5 tomorrow! 
#AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS, Looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Visit 
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn how!, Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Join in the fun with the Downtown Cleveland Alliance’s latest lunchtime event series – The Nine Twelve Shop Stop! This event takes place every Tuesday, 11:30am - 1:30pm on the Plaza at One Cleveland Center, located at 1375 E 9th St in Downtown. 

Stop by to have lunch at one of your favorite food trucks, shop local and listen to some great music while enjoying downtown CLE. June 9th, Rover, our mobile adoptions unit, will be there with cats and dogs available for snuggles and adoption!, Hit it big for a good cause! Showcase your golf prowess while supporting a worthy cause with Horseshoe Casino Cleveland on Monday, June 15. In this 2nd Annual golf outing, you’ll play the stunning green at the Canterbury Golf Club in Beachwood alongside Hall of Fame-caliber athletes including Hall of Fame tight-end, Ozzie Newsome, “Mr. Cavalier,” Austin Carr and two-time pro-bowler, Kevin Mack and the Top Dawg himself, Hanford Dixon. All proceeds will be donated to the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Join us tomorrow at SouthPark Mall from 11 am to 3 pm. We will have some adorable adoptable dogs and cats with us, so make sure to stop by! 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Interested in becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ to learn how., Looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Visit 
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn how!, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Are you looking for a new best friend? Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) today! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Don't forget to hug your cat today!  #HugYourCatDay, Are you ready to go #AllinCLE? We sure are, which is why we will be reducing adoption fees for cats (5 months and older) to just $5 tomorrow if our Cleveland Cavaliers win! Cheer on the Cavs tonight and if they win, you can adopt a feline friend for $5 - what's better than that?! #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS, Join us during your lunch break today between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. for #JusticeFurAll! Visit with our adorable adoptable animals across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and West 3rd!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Look at Captain and Jewel's adorable photo! Their picture has been entered into our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest... have you entered your pet's photo?

Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab. It's that easy!, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth! Throughout the month, we will be sharing some of our wonderful cats who are waiting for loving homes.

Meet Sheldon, a sweet 3-year-old cat who has been waiting for a home at the Cleveland APL since February. This handsome guy does great with children and dogs. Sheldon is FIV positive, and although he can still live a long, healthy life, he should not go to a home with other cats, as virus is contagious to other cats. Visit Sheldon today!

More about Sheldon at: http://bit.ly/1ET5RI3, Meet Skid and Christmas, this week's Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Have you read our latest issue of Pet Patter? Check it out at: http://bit.ly/APLMayPetPatter2015, Lady Bug was having ball in the pool in our play yard when the weather was much warmer last week! Check out this fun clip. :)

More about Lady Bug, who is currently waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont: http://bit.ly/1Jkuu6Q, This week is #PetAppreciationWeek! Share with us what your pet(s) means to you in the comments section below!, Interested in becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care to learn how., null, Meet Harriet, a beautiful 7-year-old cat who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Harriet was surrendered to us in March and has been waiting for a home ever since. This pretty girl does great with other cats. Visit Harriet today! #MeowMonday

More at: http://bit.ly/1KRB03x, Hit it big for a good cause! Showcase your golf prowess while supporting a worthy cause with Horseshoe Casino Cleveland on Monday, June 15. In this 2nd Annual golf outing, you’ll play the stunning green at the Canterbury Golf Club in Beachwood alongside Hall of Fame-caliber athletes including Hall of Fame tight-end, Ozzie Newsome, “Mr. Cavalier,” Austin Carr and two-time pro-bowler, Kevin Mack and the Top Dawg himself, Hanford Dixon. All proceeds will be donated to the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, We need your help! Last week alone, we took in 138 cats in-need, but only adopted out 63.

In order to help more animals, we need the cats who are currently in our care to get adopted. To help these wonderful animals find loving homes, cats (5 months and older) will have a reduced adoption fee of $5 today!

View our adoptable cats like Casey (pictured) at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Izzy's sweet photo has been entered into our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest... have you entered your pet's photo?

Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, We need your help! Last week alone, we took in 138 cats in-need, but only adopted out 63.

In order to help more animals, we need the cats who are currently in our care to get adopted. To help these wonderful animals find loving homes, cats (5 months and older) will have a reduced adoption fee of $5 today and tomorrow.

View our adoptable cats like Fogarty (pictured) at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Thank you to Grace and Daria who collected items for the Cleveland APL's wish list and also made monetary donations to help our animals! Grace and Daria are working on receiving their Bronze award with their Girl Scout troop., Meet Fayettville, a sweet 5-year-old Shepherd/Rottweiler mix who is available for adoption for a reduced fee of $50. We think Fayettville is a special girl, so were are featuring her in our #RedTagSpecial! 

If you are an active person, this pretty pooch might just be the one for you! Visit Fayettville at our adoption center in Tremont now through Sunday and adopt her for a $50 adoption fee!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=24944971&location=Cleveland+APL, We need your help, Cleveland. Last week alone, we took in 138 cats in-need, but only adopted out 63.

In order to help more animals like the kitten in this photo, we need the cats who are currently in our care to get adopted. To help these wonderful animals find loving homes, cats (5 months and older) will have a reduced adoption fee of $5 today through Sunday. Please open your heart and home to a cat - you won't regret it!

View our adoptable cats at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Did you know the Cleveland APL has an adoption center in the Parma PetSmart® store?  We do and we need you to help us run the center well! There are a variety of volunteer opportunities working with dogs, cats and clients.

Attend volunteer orientation tomorrow, May 30 at 10:30 a.m. at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) to learn more. No advance registration is necessary for this 90-minute educational session. We look forward to meeting you soon! 

More about volunteering: https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/, null, This morning, two very young and ill kittens were found in a dresser drawer, dumped in an alley near the Cleveland APL. Luckily for the kittens, a staff member found them and was able to bring them to the APL for help.

Sadly, animals needing urgent help is not an abnormal occurrence at the Cleveland APL. Last week alone, we took in 138 cats in-need, but only adopted out 63. We will not euthanize healthy, friendly animals, or animals we can treat, for space or time limits, but the reality that the Cleveland APL faces today is that we do not have the space or resources to bring in any more cats or kittens until the cats who are currently in our care get adopted.  There are cats and kittens every day, though, like the two this morning, who NEED us, so we need YOU!

For that reason, this Friday through Sunday, May 29 – 31, we are reducing adoption fees for cats over 5 months of age to just $5 at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road).

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-your-help, Meet Mr. Hyde, a sweet 7-year-old cat who is ready to meet the purrfect family at our adoption center in Tremont. Mr. Hyde was brought to the APL as a stray in April and is sweet as can be!

More at: http://bit.ly/1GGzeDw

Adopt Mr. Hyde (and any other cat over 5 months) for just $5 this Friday through Sunday!, NEEDED: LOVING HOMES

We have reached critical capacity and are in need of loving homes for the cats in our care. To help them, we will be reducing adoption fees to just $5 for cats (5 months & up) this Friday through Sunday at our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store.

Will you open your heart and home to a wonderful, homeless cat?

* If you can't adopt, PLEASE SHARE THIS POST and help us get the word out!

More about our hours and locations: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Do you want to exercise with a friend? Join our dog walking team at the Cleveland APL!  Attend volunteer orientation on Saturday, May 30 at 10:30 a.m. at the Cleveland APL. No advance registration is necessary for this 90-minute educational session.  We also have other volunteer opportunities available that may interest you as well. We look forward to meeting you soon!

More information about our Volunteer program at: https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, They did it!!!!! Our Cleveland Cavaliers swept the Hawks and are Eastern Conference champions! In celebration of their victory, cats (5 months and older) have a reduced adoption fee of $5 today only! Adopt your new best friend today! #AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

For adoption center hours and locations, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Can our Cleveland Cavaliers sweep the Atlanta Hawks tonight in game 4? We sure hope so!  If they win, our cat adoption fees will be reduced to just $5 tomorrow! Cheer on our team and add a new furry friend to your family - what could be better?! #AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS, Jonah and Finnegan's adorable photo has been entered into our 2016 Pet Calendar Contest... have you entered your pet's photo?

Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Meet Pooh Bear and Prince, two 10-year-old cats who have been waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont since February. This purrfect pair have been living together their whole lives and are looking for a home together.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Our PetSmart Charities EAC celebrated our 2,200th adoption today! Tiger the cat found a loving home with his new parents!

Want to meet your new best friend at the Cleveland APL? View all of our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals or downloading our free adoption app available for Android or iOS devices., Do you already have a cat at home but are considering adopting a second one? Watch this hilarious BuzzFeed Video - it might just convince you to #adopt a new feline friend! 

Remember, cats over 5 months have an adoption fee of just $5 today after the Cleveland Cavaliers big win! Fees will also be reduced tomorrow if they win again tonight!, Since our Cleveland Cavaliers won on Sunday night (and we were closed yesterday), cats over 5 months will have a reduced adoption fee of just $5 TODAY at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC! #AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

For adoption center hours and locations, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/

*** Also, be sure to cheer on the Cavs tonight - if they win, we will have reduced cat adoption fees tomorrow as well!, Another exciting win for the Cleveland Cavaliers last night, which means $5 cat adoption fees on TUESDAY (due to our Tremont location being closed today for Memorial Day) at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC!  #AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

For adoption center hours and locations, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Please note: Our adoption center in Tremont (including all programs and services) is closed today for Memorial Day. Our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Please note: Our adoption center in Tremont will be closed tomorrow for Memorial Day. Our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Our Cleveland Cavaliers play again tonight! You know what that means... $5 cat adoption fees on Tuesday if they win! Cheer on our team and add a new furry friend to your family - what could be better?! #AllinCLE #LetsGoCavs #APL4CAVS

(Note: Reduced adoption fees will take place on Tuesday due to the APL being closed on Memorial Day), Are you headed to Marc's Great American Rib Cook-Off & Music Festival this weekend? If so, then make sure to stop by Q104 - Cleveland's Beer Slide! Proceeds from the game will benefit the Cleveland APL and if you are able to be so lucky, you may win concert tickets!, Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest, Our Cleveland Cavaliers won last night, which means $5 cat adoption fees today at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC! #AllinCLE #GoCavs #APL4CAVS
For adoption center hours and locations, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Are you headed to Marc's Great American Rib Cook-Off & Music Festival this weekend? If so, then make sure to stop by Q104 - Cleveland's Beer Slide! Proceeds from the game will benefit the Cleveland APL and if you are able to be so lucky, you may win concert tickets!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Today is #FosterFriday! Here is King John's (now Riggins) wonderful APL foster story told by his loving foster mom, Tricia. Read about his amazing recovery and how Riggins has grown into an incredible dog:

"Fostering Riggins has been more rewarding than we could have ever imagined.
 
When we first brought Riggins home, all he wanted to do was cuddle with us and lay in front of the space heater. The poor guy was so uncomfortable - he was underweight, had no fur, itchy skin, and open wounds on his nose. It was 30 degrees when he came home with us and it was snowing at the time, so it was difficult to get him to go outside to go potty. We had to put toddler shirts on him to help keep him warm.  
 
It’s been so much fun watching Riggins' personality emerge day by day as he slowly started to feel like himself again. He is seriously such a cool dog!
 
The most fun about all of it, possibly even more fun than seeing his quick and awesome recovery, has been watching our Lab Kemper with him. Immediately upon meeting Riggins, Kemper knew he was sick.  He has taken him under his wing and we 100% believe helped guide him back to the dog he was born to be. Kemper has NEVER been a cuddler, but he doesn’t mind when Riggins cuddles up to him.
 
My mom fosters and we have a few friends who foster… we’ve always heard how rewarding and how awesome of an experience it can be from them. But it’s one of those things, you have to experience it for yourself to believe it. Not to mention everyone at the APL is pretty great too!" - Riggins' foster mom, Tricia

Do you want to learn more about how you can become a Foster Care volunteer and help animals like Riggins? Please visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ for more information.

Have questions about fostering? Please contact our Foster Care Coodinator at 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mail at foster@clevelandapl.org., Are you #AllinCLE? We sure are! That's why we will be reducing cat adoption fees the day after every Cleveland Cavaliers win! If the Cavs win the game tonight, cats (5 months and older) will have an adoption fee of $5 tomorrow at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC! #GoCavs #APL4CAVS, Check out our pet tip about keeping your pooch safe during car rides. More at: http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/local/cleveland/2015/05/20/safety-tips-for-traveling-with-pets/27647775/, Want to have Christmas every day of the year? If so, then this is the kitty for you! Christmas is one year old and has been waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont since March. Visit this sweet girl today!

More about Christmas at: http://bit.ly/1SiHQ7Q, Join us during your lunch break today between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. for the second #JusticeFurAll of the year!  Visit with our adorable adoptable animals across from the Justice Center at Lakeside and West 3rd!, Tony Stark, now named Tonio, found his happily ever after with his new, loving family! Visit http://www.cleveland.com/faces-of-the-suns/index.ssf/2015/05/post_54.html to read Tonio's story., At the Cleveland APL, we are all in with the Cleveland Cavaliers! Are you and your furry friend ready to cheer on our Cavs in game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals tonight? 

Post pics of your pet(s) ready for the game tonight in the comments section below!
#AllinCLE #GoCavs #APL4CAVS, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Hit it big for a good cause! Showcase your golf prowess while supporting a worthy cause with Horseshoe Casino Cleveland on Monday, June 15. In this 2nd Annual golf outing, you’ll play the stunning green at the Canterbury Golf Club in Beachwood alongside Hall of Fame-caliber athletes including Hall of Fame tight-end, Ozzie Newsome, “Mr. Cavalier,” Austin Carr and two-time pro-bowler, Kevin Mack and the Top Dawg himself, Hanford Dixon. All proceeds will be donated to the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Audrey and Claudia collected donations for the Cleveland APL by selling lemonade and asking for donations rather than gifts for their birthdays. Thank you for your kindness and generosity, girls!, Check out Lady Bug's sweet #selfie! This adorable 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who is currently available for adoption wants you to remember to enter your furry friend's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest.

All the information about entering the contest can be viewed by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest., Meet Gracie and Kala, our Pets of the Week! https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, A big thank you to Madison, John and Gabriella who all collected donations for the Cleveland APL for their birthdays! What a kind thing to do for animals in need. Thank you!, Do you love animals? Do you want to be a part of an amazing team that works to help Northeast Ohio's homeless animals every day?

If you answered "yes" to both of those questions, then please consider joining our growing team of passionate animal lovers.
Check out our latest career opportunities now by visiting: 
https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/employment/, Meet Tiger, an adorable 2-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma. Tiger was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray in April and has been waiting for a home ever since. #MeowMonday

More about Tiger: http://bit.ly/1ESWEQc, Thank you to all of the young Cleveland APL supporters who came to our adoption center in Tremont over the weekend to make monetary and in-kind donations to help our animals!, Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Are you looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn how!, Our Offsite Adoption team will be at Gateway Animal Clinic tomorrow from 1 to 4 p.m. with adoptable kittens and dogs to support the One Health Organization. Learn more about their mission and Saturday’s fundraiser here: 
https://www.crowdrise.com/OHO-SavingPets2015/fundraiser/onehealthorganization, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, In honor of #FosterFriday, here is a Foster Happy Tale!  

"We decided to start fostering dogs from the Cleveland APL who needed a little more time getting strong and healthy before adoption. Our first foster dog was Granny Bay, a two-year-old Labrador Retriever mix who was heartworm positive and needed to spend a couple of months in foster care. We immediately fell in love with her sweet, calm demeanor and as the time to bring her back to the APL came closer, we happily made the decision to be foster failures - she had found her "furever home" with us! 

The Cleveland APL's Foster program truly makes a difference in the lives of so many animals by giving them time to become healthy, happy and strong for their new homes. The staff at the APL make fostering easy, fun, and so rewarding, and they never let you forget how valuable fosters are to the Cleveland APL."
- Corinne, Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer

Do you want to learn more about how you can become a Foster Care volunteer? Please visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ for more information. 

Have questions about fostering? Please contact our Foster Care Coodinator at 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mail at foster@clevelandapl.org., Harriet is a sweet 7-year-old cat who has been waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL since March. Harriet does great with other cats. Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1KRB03x, There are lots of wonderful animals waiting for loving homes at both our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. Visit them today through Sunday during PetSmart's National Adoption Weekend!, What a fun morning our pooches had on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland today! To learn more about all of the dogs who were on today, as well all of our other adoptable animals, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/., Princess, Honey Boo Boo, and Cocoa are sitting pretty for the camera during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #PoochParty Tune in now to meet some of our adoptable pups!, Cleveland APL adoptable dogs and puppies are making an appearance on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this morning during their #PoochParty. Make sure to tune in to see how to make homemade treats for your dog!, We are on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this morning for a #PoochParty! Tune in this morning to meet some of our adorable adoptable dogs, including Pumpkin, Squash, Princess, Cocoa, and Honey Boo Boo!, The adoptable animals at the Cleveland APL want you to join the Clubhouse pals as they spruce up their animal friends at MINNIE'S PET SALON! Enter to win your own DVD copy available on May 19 - http://tinyurl.com/ncrf8h8

Also, visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of the adoptable animals waiting for homes at the Cleveland APL!

More about Minnie’s Pet Salon:
With so many pets to bathe, groom and train, Minnie needs help. Luckily, Mickey and the gang are there to lend a hand. But when three adorable little kittens go missing, it will take the right Mouseketools -- and help from YOU -- to find them in time for the big show., Be sure to tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland tomorrow morning to see a "Pooch Party" with Cleveland APL adoptable dogs and puppies! The news will begin at 4:30 a.m. and our adoptables will begin making their appearance at 5 a.m. 
#PoochParty #WKYC, Meet Jackson, a handsome 5-year-old kitty who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray back in April. This adorable little guy is cute as can be. Visit him at our adoption center in Tremont today!

More about Jackson: http://bit.ly/1RJE0V0, In this dog adoption story, Woofie finds a new family where she can run, jump and play every day. Watch Woofie’s story now at http://bit.ly/1CuX5ir and see how the Hill’s Pet Nutrition Food, Shelter & Love® program helped give Woofie a home., Check out some of the fun moments from Q104 - Cleveland's 10th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon that took place last Friday and Saturday at the Cleveland APL! More than $68,500 was raised for the APL during the Radiothon!

Still want to make a donation? It's not too late! Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, This pretty girl is Fayettville and she is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont! Fayettville is a 5-year-old Shepherd/Rottweiler mix who came to the Cleveland APL through our Dog Transfer Program. She is very active and loves to play, therefore, she would do best the home of an active person or family.

Visit Fayettville and learn more about her by visiting http://bit.ly/1cOyoJk, Make your furry friend a star! Enter your pet's photo in our Pet Calendar Contest and support the Cleveland APL. The entry fee is $25 per photo and included in that fee is a copy of the full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November!

Learn more and enter your pet's photo(s) by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2016-pet-calendar-contest/, Meet Oscar, a handsome 7-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. Oscar is very sweet and does great with other cats and dogs. 

More about Oscar:  http://bit.ly/1EtOj6h, Are you looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ for more information!, Download our FREE adoption app available for iOS and Android devices! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or on Google Play and view all of our adoptable animals today., Are you looking to add a furry friend to your family? Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to meet your new best friend today!, Thank you to our amazing sponsors during the Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets Radiothon - The PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, Hill’s Pet Nutrition, and Menchie's Northeast Ohio!, Thanks to the amazing support of Q104 - Cleveland and our amazing community, more than $68,500 was raised for the Cleveland APL during the #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Still want to make a donation? It's not too late! Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Even more furry friends met their new families this weekend at the Cleveland APL! #PledgeForPets #adopt, Thanks to the amazing support of Q104 - Cleveland and our amazing community, more than $68,500 was raised for the Cleveland APL during the #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Still want to make a donation? It's not too late! Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, The Cleveland Cavaliers Scream Team came for a visit during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!  Just a half hour left to call 216-566-PETS (7387) to make your donation!, Your donation can save lives. Please pick up the phone and call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon. It ends at 4 p.m. today, so please call now!, Thank you to Louie at Sainato's for donating pizza for our volunteers and staff during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!, Call our Hill’s Pet Nutrition Phone Bank volunteers from Quicken Loans at 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) to make a donation during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!, Your donation to the Cleveland APL during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon WILL make a difference.

Please call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) or donate online at https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Monty and Mea were rescued by our Humane Investigations team yesterday. The two Pit Bulls were involved in a dog fighting situation and are now being treated and cared for at the Cleveland APL.

Because of donations to our organization, we are able to make a difference in the lives of wonderful animals in need like Monty and Mea. Please call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon.

Donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, A donation of $75 will feed dogs and puppies for one day at the Cleveland APL. 

Please pick up the phone and call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Girl Scout troop 701 came to Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon to drop off donated cat and dog treats as well as homemade toys for our animals. Thank you for your support, girls!, Our wonderful phone bank volunteers from Sherwin-Williams for Your Home are ready to take your calls! Please support the Cleveland APL and the 10th Annual Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets Radiothon by calling 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387)!

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, There are so many wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL like Tasha the puppy and Liberty the kitten! 

Call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon or come to our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) to adopt your new best friends!

More about our reduced adoption fees: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/its-a-rockin-rescue-weekend-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon to allow us to continue making happily ever afters!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., A huge THANK YOU to the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl for raising $18,000 for the Cleveland APL during their fantastic event! Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets

Call to make your pledge now - 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387), Day 2 of Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon is just getting started at the Cleveland APL. Help now and call 216-566-7387! Our phone bank volunteers are ready to take your call!

You can also donate online by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Be sure to tune in to Q104 - Cleveland tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and stop down at our adoption center in Tremont during our #PledgeForPets Radiothon!, Chef Sawyer stopped by Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon today to visit with the adoptable animals and talk about the importance of supporting the Cleveland APL!

You have a half hour to call 216-566-7387 and make your donation today!, WOW! Menchie's Northeast Ohio raised $10,000 for the Cleveland APL during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!, Look who went home this week and during day 1 of Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, The Cleveland APL is here to help animals like the 33 Shih Tzus who were rescued by our Humane Investigations team in April.

Pick up your phone and call Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon at 216-566-7387 to support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services.

Donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Keep our amazing phone bank volunteers from Horseshoe Casino Cleveland busy and make those phones ring for the animals during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

216-566-7387 CALL NOW or donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Look at this adorable face! Gatsby is a handsome 2-year-old Rottweiler/Chinese Shar-Pei mix who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit this handsome guy and all of our other adoptable animals during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

View all of our adoptable animals: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, You can help us help the more than 15,000 animals who come through our door each and every year by making a donation today. Call our Hill’s Pet Nutrition Phone Bank at 216-566-7387 now during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Nasha and Luna are two 6-month-old bulldog puppies who came to us through our project CARE initiative, the APL’s community animal retention outreach program. Due to their health issues, the clients were unable to care for both pups. Nasha was given to a family in the neighborhood and had very dry, inflamed, yeasty, and infected skin.The APL gave the pup the required antibiotics, and she was bathed with a prescription shampoo. Nasha was also vaccinated, spayed, microchipped and given flea preventative and a dewormer. With our help, Nasha’s new family was able to keep her  Her littermate, Luna, had the same issues as Nasha, as well as an injured and infected leg, which the APL treated. Luna has been adopted, and her new family adores her.

These are just two of the more than 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year. Call 216-566-7387 to make your donation to Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon now!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., The donations we receive during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon will help animals like King John. Here is his story:

King John is a 3-month-old puppy who came in about a month ago with a severe case of mange. He was also very underweight.  King John's owner did not have the money to get him the care he desperately needed, so they turned to us for help. While in our care, King John received mange treatment, as well as multiple antibiotics and an anti-fungal medication that he needed. The sweet pup is still in our care today and is being treated in a loving foster home—he has already come a long way and is doing much, much better, as you can see from his new photo!

Call 216-566-7387 to make your donation now!

You can also donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Here are a couple of wonderful animals who met their new families today!

Join us for a Rockin' Adoption Weekend at our adoption center in Tremont today and tomorrow! 

Lots of animals are still waiting to find loving homes. Cats 5 months and older have an adoption fee of just $10.40 and kittens under 5 months are available fore $104 in honor of our friends at Q104 - Cleveland!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/its-a-rockin-rescue-weekend-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Call 216-566-7387 now to help animals like Martin, a sweet dog who was brought to us very badly injured. His owner could not afford to provide Martin with the care he needed and he was wrapped in duct tape when he came to us. Thankfully, we were able to provide Martin with the care and treatment he so desperately needed and he was adopted by a wonderful family who adores him!

Call Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon and help us help more animals like Martin.

You can also donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Our friends from Quicken Loans are working the phone bank during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Call 216-566-7387 and make your donation now.

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Share your pet's photo with us and Q104 - Cleveland during the #PledgeForPets Radiothon in the comments section below!, This is what $20 will do for the Cleveland APL. Pick up the phone and call Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon at 216-566-7387 and make a donation today.

You can also donate online by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Check out our new Cleveland APL shirts that were designed by CLE Clothing Co.! You can purchase these fabulous shirts at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue), so come down today and get one.

A big thank you to CLE Clothing Co. for donating the designs for the shirts!, Molly is a one-year-old cat who was brought to the APL by a Good Samaritan. She had just had seven kittens and she was bleeding, smelled of infection and seemed “dazed.” Molly required emergency surgery. While she was recovering from surgery, the APL staff bottle fed her kittens. Molly spent several weeks in the home of an APL Foster Care volunteer and is now available for adoption at the Cleveland APL. 

Please call 216-566-7387 to make a donation during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

More about Molly: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=25278334&location=Cleveland+APL, 216-566-7387 is the phone number to CALL IN NOW to support the Cleveland APL during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Read about some of the many animals who we have helped thanks to the support of generous donations: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/featured-animal-stories-radiothon-2015/

Make a donation online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, You can support the Cleveland APL by becoming a Pet Partner today. Donate just $20 a month for 12 months and make a difference for the animals at the APL! 

Call 216-566-7387 to make a donation now!

Or, donate online at: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Asgard is one of the Shih Tzus who was rescued by our Humane Investigations team in April. Do you want to help us make a difference in the lives of wonderful animals like Asgard?

Please call 216-566-7387 now during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!, Astro wants you to call in to Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon to make a donation to support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services. Call 216-566-7387 NOW!

View information about Astro and all of our adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Matthew Casey is a 1-year-old cat who was found as a stray on the highway. He was brought to us by a Good Samaritan who found him on a ramp to I-480. The cat’s nails were damaged, and his fur was singed as if he was caught on fire or was against something very hot.  Our veterinary team thought he may have gotten into the motor of a car.  Once at the APL, Matthew Casey received all medical care he needed. He also got his happy ending when the Good Samaritan who brought him to the APL adopted him!

Please call 216-566-7636 to make your donation during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Remember Sadie? This sweet, 12-year-old Pit Bull was with us for more than 3 months before finding a loving home with her new family. 

Call 216-566-7387 now during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon and help us help and find more loving home for animals just like Sadie.

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Our incredible phone bank volunteers from Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, our team of APL volunteers, the Cleveland APL Board of Directors, Cargill, and ECRM are ready to take your donations during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Please pick up the phone and call 216-566-7387 now!, Popcorn is one of the many amazing animals who has been helped by the Cleveland APL. We could not do it without the support of generous donors.

Please call 216-566-PETS (7387) now to make your #PledgeForPets during Q104 - Cleveland's Pledge for Pets Radiothon!

Read Popcorn's story: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/featured-animal-stories-radiothon-2015/featured-animal-popcorn/, Q104 - Cleveland's 10th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon is underway at the Cleveland APL! Call 216-566-PETS (7387) to make your pledge today! 

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon, presented by The PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District will take place tomorrow from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Tune in to hear heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and call in to our phone bank to make a pledge to help the animals! 

Want to help now? Make a donation online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching stories about some the incredible animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.                               

Snow White is a 3 year-old Pit Bull who was left on 2nd-story porch, exposed to elements in sub-freezing temperatures that were expected to fall to 10 to 20 below zero overnight with oncoming snow. The poor dog was shivering and trying to get off porch. When the Cleveland APL’s Humane Investigators arrived on the scene, they positioned their vehicle near the porch, climbed on top of the vehicle and rescued the dog. Snow White was red from the cold and had an injury to her paw. Once back at the APL, she was treated for her injuries and soon found her forever home with a wonderful family who reports she's doing great!

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, The team from Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District stopped by the Cleveland APL this morning with a van full of donations for our animals! 

The PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District is the presenting sponsor for Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon. Thank you for your support! 

Tune in to the Radiothon tomorrow and Saturday on Q104: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon, Do you work downtown? If so, then visit with our adoptable animals during your lunch break! 

Today is the first "Justice Fur All" event of the season! Every other Thursday, “Rover” our mobile adoptions unit, will be at Huntington Park (located at W. 3rd & Lakeside, across from the Justice Center) to showcase Cleveland APL adoptables and give you some 4-legged stress relief on your lunch break! Join us today from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and meet some puppies and kittens!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/ #JusticeFurAll, BROOKLYN AREA RESIDENTS:  Pee Wee,  a 6-year-old Retriever mix is missing from her home! Pee Wee was adopted from the Cleveland APL in April and slipped out of her collar at her home near Memphis Avenue in Brooklyn.

Pee Wee is black and white and weighs close to 40 pounds. If you see Pee Wee, please contact your local police station and Pee Wee's mom, Zona at 216-671-7731. Her family misses her and wants her to come home!, Q104 - Cleveland's Kelly McMann wants you to come down to our adoption center in Tremont to meet Denny, an adorable and energetic 6-year-old Border Collie/Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home!

More about Denny: http://bit.ly/1cqiGDZ

Stay tuned to our Facebook page and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to see the rest of the Q104 team and adorable adoptable animals!, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching Cleveland APL adoption stories, or “Happy Tales,” and stories about animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.

This is Paris’ story:  

At the APL, the staff and volunteers root for every one of our furry, feathered, or other “guests” to find their own happily ever after. But nothing compares to the excitement we feel when one who has been with us a long time finally finds his or her “furever” home. That’s how it was in October, when Paris finally went home! 

Paris was no spring kitten when she came to the APL in August 2013. Then six years old, she was found abandoned. Paris was a striking red-orange cat with white markings and an intelligent face. She was also somewhat timid, which may explain why she was still at the APL when winter arrived. Our team came to know her well, so when she seemed stressed in a multiple-cat playroom, she was moved her to her own space, for some peace and quiet.
Spring came and went, then summer 2014. Fortunately, the APL is committed to finding homes for  adoptable animals, no matter how long it takes. So, Paris remained with us. Staff and volunteers continued to give Paris love and attention, noting in her record, “Paris is a very sweet yet sassy girl, who needs someone who is patient with winning her over.”

As fall came, a year after her arrival, Paris was given a much-needed break from the cat adoption floor and a change of scenery, when she was moved into an office at the APL. That’s when she bloomed! A staff member described the change in her: “Paris was a completely different cat—she was a complete goofball and constantly seeking out attention and snuggling with everyone.” So, it was decided that Paris likely would do best as a single pet, who would have her new owner all to herself.
Finally, in October 2014, all of our patience paid off— Paris met her new mom! Lou took Paris home, and this wonderful girl has truly found her happily ever after.

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, "Fostering kittens helps everybody! Fostering helps the APL because it helps clear up space in the shelter for other animals. It helps the kittens because the kittens are more prepared to live in a home. It helps the kittens’ future owners because they will have an easier time making the kittens more comfortable in their home. It helps the foster parents of the kittens because fostering kittens is fun, as well as educational, to us and the people who come to see the kittens. I believe that through fostering, the kittens learn as much from us as we do from them." 

Read a wonderful article written by 13-year-old Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer, Katie. In the article, Katie writes about why she and her family foster cats and kittens in need: http://westlakebayvillageobserver.com/read/2015/05/05/the-family-with-71-cats

Learn more about our Foster Care Program and how you can get involved: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching stories about some the incredible animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.     

Tulip is an 8-month-old kitten who was found as a stray and brought to the Cleveland APL in the fall of 2014. She originally had an upper respiratory infection, but later showed signs of stunted growth and cerebellar hypoplasia.  Tulip was in the care of the APL for 8 months.  She underwent exploratory surgery, a biopsy, multiple blood work tests and medications, IV fluids, laser treatment, and acupuncture. Tulip spent most of her time in the home of a member of the veterinary team who fostered her.  On April 20, Tulip was adopted by a friend of her foster mom.  She is thriving in her new home—and her foster mom gets regular updates on the little kitten she cared for for so long.       

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Q104 - Cleveland's Glenn "the Funny Song Man" wants you to come down to our adoption center in Tremont to meet Jack, a handsome 8-year-old cat who is waiting for a loving home!

More about Jack: http://bit.ly/1c25ODb  

Stay tuned to our Facebook page and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to see the rest of the Q104 team and adorable adoptable animals!, Happy #CincoDeMeow! Do you have a photo of your furry friend celebrating today? Share it in the comments section below!

Looking to add a feline friend to your family? We're reducing our cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday and Saturday in celebration of Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/its-a-rockin-rescue-weekend-at-the-cleveland-apl for all the information., Check it out! Pantheon and Mojo, two of the Shih Tzus who were rescued by our Humane Investigations team in April, got adopted today! :), Many thanks to Michael at Wild Birds Unlimited in Mayfield Heights for hosting a donation drive and adoption event for the Cleveland APL. He collected a large amount of both monetary and in-kind donations and filled our van with treats, collars, peanut butter and many other items from our Wish List. Thank you so much for your generosity and support!, It's official - we have reached 40,000 "likes" on our Facebook page!, Wow! Look at all of the paw prints hanging on the wall at the Menchie's Northeast Ohio in Willoughby! The paw prints are $1 and benefit the Cleveland APL leading up to Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon.

Visit a Northeast Ohio Menchie's location today or tomorrow and support the Cleveland APL! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/other-ways-to-help-radiothon-2015/, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland's 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching Cleveland APL adoption stories, or “Happy Tales,” and stories about animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.

This is Penelope's story:

Most of the animals adopted from the Cleveland APL are dogs and cats. But we help other furry creatures find their happily-ever-afters, too, like Penelope Rabbit! Penelope, a white American Rabbit with gray markings, arrived at the APL in October 2013 in the arms of a Good Samaritan, who had found her outside the night before. 

Penelope’s back leg was injured; x-rays later confirmed it was broken. The decision was made that Penelope would receive medical care through the APL’s Second Chance Program, which has provided veterinary services for thousands of sick, injured and special needs animals. Thanks to the Second Chance Program, Penelope’s leg was repaired and she was sent to foster care to recover, and to get a little extra love.

Penelope’s foster mom was Stephanie Ash, the Adoption Supervisor at the Cleveland APL and a serious bunny fan! Stephanie got to know Penny well during her recovery period and discovered that she was a very clever and curious rabbit. So clever, in fact, that when Penny resisted taking her medicine from a syringe, Stephanie resorted to hollowing out baby carrots to create “carrot cups” to hide the medicine. By day four, however, Stephanie reports that Penny “started becoming suspicious” of this “treat!” Stephanie was hopeful that this smart cookie would be adopted by an experienced rabbit owner, who would honor Penny’s preference not to be picked up, and could also provide her with mental stimulation to keep that bunny brain strong!

Well, Stephanie’s hopes were definitely realized. After recovering in foster care, Penny returned to the APL ready to find her forever home. Just two days before Christmas, Candy and a friend came to the APL looking for a rabbit to keep Candy’s other rabbit, Bun Bun, company. Penny went home with Candy and Bun Bun and the rest is history! 

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Join our force - apply for a position at the Cleveland APL!

Jedi Ron Srnka, Human Resources Manager at the Cleveland APL, is looking for staff members to join our force! Visit www.clevelandapl.org/about-us/employment/ to learn more about applying for an employment position. #MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay, Meet Katai, a beautiful 1-year-old kitty who has been waiting to find a home at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont since March. This pretty girl does great with other cats and can't wait to find a new family.  #MeowMonday

More about Katai: http://bit.ly/1GVXZfK, Join our force - become a Cleveland APL volunteer!

Jedi Danielle Begalla, Volunteer Manager at the Cleveland APL, along with APL staff and volunteers, wants you to join our amazing volunteer team! Visit www.clevelandapl.org/volunteer to learn more about our volunteer program and how you can get involved. #MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay, We're celebrating #10YearsofPledgeforPets this year and want you to be a part of it! Be sure to tune in to Q104 - Cleveland this Friday and Saturday as Q104's morning show team broadcasts live from the Cleveland APL to raise money for homeless animals. Listen to heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and call in to our phone bank, sponsored by Hill’s Pet Nutrition, to make a pledge to help the animals! 

The 10th Annual Pledge for Pets Radiothon is presented by The Pup Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District., Join our force! There are lots of ways you can be a part of our incredible team. Whether it's volunteering, joining our staff, or becoming a donor, there are lots of ways to get involved!

Jedi Sharon Harvey, Cleveland APL President and CEO, wants you to join our force! Visit www.ClevelandAPL.org to learn how you can get involved. #MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay, Ozzy, one of the two happy feline residents of the Cleveland APL's administrative offices, wants you to "join our force!"

Today, May 4th (also known as "Star Wars Day"), we will share the many ways in which you can be a part of our incredible team of volunteers, staff, and supporters! Stay tuned to our Facebook page today to learn more.
#MayThe4thBeWithYou #StarWarsDay, Get some delicious frozen yogurt and help the Cleveland APL! Visit a Menchie's Northeast Ohio location now through May 8th to get some frozen yogurt and support the Cleveland APL by purchasing a paw print for $1! The sale of the paw print will benefit the Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets Radiothon that helps the animals at the Cleveland APL!

Also, make sure to spread the word on Twitter using the hash tag #PledgeForPets and tagging @ClevelandAPL, @MenchiesNEO, and @Q104Cleveland to show your support!
More about Q104's Radiothon: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching stories about some the incredible animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.                                      

Martin is a 3-year-old Fox Terrier mix who was brought in by his owner who could not afford his medical care. Martin was attacked by another dog, which left him with severe injuries to his neck.  Martin’s owner attempted to treat his injury with super glue and duct tape, which resulted in an infection. Martin needed specialty surgery to repair his wound. He then went to home of a wonderful APL Foster Care volunteer to recover. Soon after he came back to the APL, he was adopted by a wonderful family who adores him! 

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we're sharing touching Cleveland APL adoption stories, or “Happy Tales,” and stories about animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.

This is Dixon's story:

As all pet “parents” know, a new animal can never replace one that you’ve lost. Sometimes though, opening your home to another animal in need can help to heal your heart. So it was with Connie, Kaelin, and Dixon. 

Connie and her family lost their Manx cat, Winslow, in 2011 after an illness. Winslow was a beloved member of the family and his loss was hard to bear. Especially, Connie recalls, for her daughter Kaelin, who Connie says “never really got over that loss.” 

Spring always brings kittens to the APL and last May was no exception. Early that month, a litter of four kittens, exactly two months old, were surrendered. They were each named for poets. The tiniest of all got the biggest name to live up to: Shakespeare. 
May is also the month of Q104’s Pledge for Pets Radiothon fundraiser at the APL. On the first day of Radiothon, when she got home from working third shift and her husband left for work, Connie, her daughter and her son decided to visit the APL during the broadcast, she laughs, “instead of me getting sleep.” She had seen Shakespeare online and thought he was adorable. When they arrived, a volunteer brought him to meet the family. It was love at first sight. He went home that day. Connie renamed Shakespeare “Dixon,” after a favorite television character. 

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Adoptables assemble! Today is the last day for reduced adoption fees at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road).

Cats over 5 months have a reduced adoption fee of $11, select dog adoption fees are $50, and hamsters are available for adoption for just $5. Rescue your superhero at the Cleveland APL!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Join us at SouthPark Mall tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. to meet some of our wonderful adoptable animals! You can usually find us in Center Court, but the location may occasionally vary. We hope to see you there!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Don't forget, adoption fees are reduced for cats, select dogs, and hamsters today and tomorrow! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching stories about some the incredible animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.  

Popcorn was a 1-month-old stray kitten who was found by a Good Samaritan in her yard and brought to the APL. He had a bloated belly, diarrhea, conjunctivitis, and corneal scarring—likely a result of an untreated upper respiratory infection.  Despite several efforts at treatment, both eyes were beyond repair and needed to be removed to alleviate the little kitten’s pain. After 7 months of treatment and care at the APL, he was made available for adoption.  His new mom took one look at him and fell in love!                                      

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations…

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Q104 - Cleveland's Carley McCord wants you to come down to our adoption center in Tremont to meet Lukas, a wonderful 5-year-old cat who is waiting for a home!

More about Lukas: http://bit.ly/1JX1HDr: 

Stay tuned to our Facebook page and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to see the rest of the Q104 team and adorable adoptable animals!, Fill in the blank:

If my pet had a super power, it would be _________.

Here at the Cleveland APL, we have lots of superheros who are waiting for loving homes! Learn about our reduced adoption fees today and tomorrow by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl/., In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland's 10th Annual #PledgeforPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching Cleveland APL adoption stories, or “Happy Tales,” and stories about animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.

Not all fairy godmothers (or godfathers) wear crowns and glitter. Avett the Cat’s rescuer was wearing a uniform and a badge: His happy tale began with the APL Humane Investigations team!         
                                         
Avett, then known as Ninja, had been abandoned on Cleveland’s west side. It appeared as though his former owner had moved, leaving the four-year-old cat behind. The HI officer brought Ninja to the APL, where he was examined by the veterinary staff. At six pounds, the cat was underweight, and his coat was thin and dull. They removed a flea collar that had worn away the fur around his neck. Over the next several months, Ninja  got regular medical care and lots of love and attention while he waited for his new owners to arrive. His black coat with white markings became thicker and shiny. He nearly doubled in weight. And Ninja’s personality began to emerge, too.

Then, in October 2014, Ninja’s day came. Anthony and David came to the APL on the last day of a special cat and kitten adoption event, looking for a brother or sister for their cat, Joplin. Anthony had his heart set on a kitten, but not many were left that day and they met Ninja and fell in love!

Ninja’s new life began with a new name—Avett. Named after the musical group The Avett Brothers, the cat awoke in his new home not with just two new pet “parents” but with siblings galore! He is now doing great with his new, loving family.

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=2015%20Radiothon%20APL%20Facebook%20%2D%2010%20days

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Due to an overwhelming response from interested adopters, we are closing the application period for the rescued Shih Tzus at 6:30pm tonight, Thursday, April 30th.  In the unlikely event that there are still dogs available after all of these applications have been reviewed, we will open the application process again.  Thank you so much for your interest in helping these dogs and please remember that we still have many other wonderful dogs available for adoption at both our Tremont adoption center and our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart.  

Further details about the dogs and the application process can be viewed by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-shih-tzus/, Today is #NationalAdoptAShelterPetDay! Did you adopt your pet from the Cleveland APL or another shelter? If so, share your furry friend's photo in the comments section below!

Interested in adopting an animal from the Cleveland APL? Adoption fees are reduced now through Saturday, May 2. Learn about all of the details by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl., We have been overwhelmed by the number of kind people interested in adopting the Shih Tzus who were rescued by our Humane Investigations team from a hoarding/breeding situation a couple of weeks ago. We do not have anywhere near the number of Shih Tzus from this sad situation as we have offers from potentially wonderful homes.

Due to the circumstances under which these dogs came to us, it is extremely likely that they will have challenging behavioral and/or medical issues that their adopters will need to be willing and able to assume the responsibility for supporting after adoption. For that reason, and in an effort to manage the very high volume of interest in them, we are asking interested parties to complete an adoption application. 

Details about the dogs and the application process can be viewed by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-shih-tzus/, Rescue your superhero at the Cleveland APL! Today through Saturday, adoption fees are reduced at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road).

Cats over 5 months have a reduced adoption fee of $11, select dog adoption fees are $50, and hamsters are available for adoption for just $5. 

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl/, In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland’s 10th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching stories about some the incredible animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.

Lucas is a 3 1/2 year-old Australian Shepherd/Beagle mix who was transferred to the Cleveland APL from the Cuyahoga County Dog Kennel through our dog transfer program. Lucas was heartworm positive so he needed to spend several weeks in the home of an APL Foster Care volunteer.  He also is blind.  His foster family not only healed his body, they also healed his spirit.  Lucas found his happy ending when he was adopted by a wonderful woman with another dog to keep him company.

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=2015%20Radiothon%20APL%20Facebook%20%2D%2010%20days

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Meet Harold and Cleo, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Our "super" adoptions team is ready to help you find your new best friend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC to adopt a cat for $11, a select dog for $50, or a hamster for just $5 now through Saturday!

More information about reduced adoption fees, hours and locations: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl, In celebration of  Q104 - Cleveland's 10th Annual Pledge for Pets Radiothon, we will be sharing touching Cleveland APL adoption stories, or “Happy Tales,” and stories about animals who have been helped by the Cleveland APL’s life-saving programs and services.

This is Rosie’s story:

Spring is a time of hope and renewal. In spring 2014, however, Rosie didn’t have much cause for hope. Rosie had been abandoned, chained to a house on Cleveland’s east side. Her brindle coat was dirty and dull, and she did not have food or water. Worse yet, Rosie, an American bulldog mix, was in labor and about to give birth to her puppies in the cold, wet mud under the porch. Fortunately, the Cleveland APL’s Humane Investigations team arrived just in time. They immediately put Rosie in their vehicle to take her to the APL, where she could have her puppies in a warm, cozy space. The puppies wouldn’t wait, though. Rosie gave birth to some of them—ultimately 10 in all—on her way to the APL, and the rest after she arrived at the shelter.

Once at the APL, the veterinary team took over, and began treating Rosie and the puppies. Rosie herself received tender, loving care, while she took good care of her puppies. She nursed all 10, and, miraculously, all 10 survived! After they were weaned, the puppies quickly found their new homes. Then it was Rosie’s turn. The staff decided that Rosie needed some time in foster care to recover her strength and to nurture her spirit. Hilary and her family stepped in to foster sweet Rosie. After bringing Rosie home, Hilary knew she wasn’t coming back. They adopted Rosie and she is now enjoying life with her new family, which includes her two canine siblings and two human sisters!   

Learn about the #PledgeForPets Radiothon and see how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Want to make a donation to the Radiothon before it begins? Visit: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/RadiothonDonations?code=2015%20Radiothon%20APL%20Facebook%20%2D%2010%20days

#10YearsOfPledgeForPets, Adoptables assemble! Beginning tomorrow, Tuesday, April 28, adoption fees will be reduced at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road).

Cats over 5 months will have a reduced adoption fee of $11, select dog adoption fees will be $50, and hamsters will be available for adoption for just $5. The fees will be reduced through Saturday, May 2. Rescue your superhero at the Cleveland APL!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl, Meet Lukas, a handsome 5-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL in March. Lukas is a very sweet guy and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! #MeowMonday

View all of our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals

Remember, beginning tomorrow, we will have reduced adoption fees for cats, select dogs, and hamsters. Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Q104 - Cleveland's Average Joe wants you to come down to our adoption center in Tremont to meet Sassy, a sweet 5-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home!

More about Sassy: http://bit.ly/1zeHg4Z

Stay tuned to our Facebook page and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to see the rest of the Q104 team and adorable adoptable animals!

Learn about Q104's upcoming #PledgeForPets Radiothon by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon, Help! Our small mammals are in need of finely shredded paper for their cages! 

If you are able to, feel free to bring your donations to our adoption center in Tremont during our hours of operation which can be viewed by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact. Thank you!, Save the date! Q104 - Cleveland's 10th annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon, presented by the PUP Program from the Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, will take place on Friday, May 8th and Saturday, May 9th at the Cleveland APL! 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon, Adoptables assemble! Beginning on Tuesday, April 28, adoption fees will be reduced at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road).

Cats over 5 months will have a reduced adoption fee of $11, select dog adoption fees will be $50, and hamsters will be available for adoption for just $5. The fees will be reduced through Saturday, May 2. Rescue your superhero at the Cleveland APL!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rescue-your-superhero-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News to hold a 2015 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000! #LevinFurniture #LevinMattress

Voting is taking place now through April 29th, so place your vote by visiting: http://fox8.com/2015/04/02/make-your-pet-a-star-with-levin-furniture/, Visit Menchie's Northeast Ohio at Crocker Park tomorrow from 1-6 p.m. to meet some of our adoptable animals during the Beasts & Brews Chilifest. While you’re there make sure to visit our friends from Q104 - Cleveland from 2-4 p.m.!

More information at: http://events.q104.cbslocal.com/westlake/events/beasts-n-brews-chilifest-/E0-001-081796458-9, Q104 - Cleveland's Aly Tanner wants you to come down to our adoption center in Tremont to meet Momma, a wonderful 10-year-old cat who has been waiting for a loving home since August!

More about Momma: http://bit.ly/1HATohI

Stay tuned to our Facebook page and Twitter account (@ClevelandAPL) to see the rest of the Q104 team and adorable adoptable animals!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Today is #FollowAFosterFriday! Here is the story about an amazing dog who has been helped through our Foster Care program and is now waiting for a loving home!

Popit is a 2-year-old Hound mix who came to the Cleveland APL very emaciated and in bad shape. He had a severe hip injury after being hit by a car and, after assessment by our veterinary team, it was determined that Popit would need spend some time in a loving foster home.

After spending time in his foster home, Popit blossomed from a timid, scared pooch, to an amazing, playful guy. When Popit wasn’t playing, he was a lap dog and stayed close to his "people."  After returning to the Cleveland APL, Popit was once again assessed by our veterinary team. Amazingly, he had gained nearly 10 pounds, his leg was feeling better - he was a brand new dog!

Popit is currently waiting to find his new home at our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store. When asked about their experiences with Popit, his foster mom said:  “This is why we foster.  Every animal has the right to know what it feels like to be cared for without fear of violence.  We know that for some animals, a “transitional” home will help them adapt to a good forever home successfully.”

Help us help more animals like Popit and become a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer today.

More information about our Foster Care program: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/
Information about Popit: http://bit.ly/1Fkv7vW, Adoptable animals assemble! Here at the Cleveland APL, all of the superheroes are coming together in search of a place to call home.  From Iron Man, to Mantis, to Captain America, to Rogue—every furry member of Marvel’s superhero community is ready and waiting to find a loving home. 

Learn about "super" reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL by visiting: https://t.e2ma.net/message/s4qw6/opkefb, null, Do you have a plan for your pets when you're gone?  Do you have questions about creating a will or trust for your family? Does the thought of creating a will overwhelm you? If so, you're not alone, which is why we will be holding "Wills, Wags and Wine" at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont on Thursday, April 30th. 

More information and how to RSVP at: https://t.e2ma.net/message/ollw6/opkefb, Thank you to the Poker Room employees at the Horseshoe Casino Cleveland for holding a charity drive to support the Cleveland APL! Employees sold cookies and held "blue jeans days" to raise funds. On behalf of the animals, we thank you!, Leah is a sweet 8-year-old cat who does great with other cats as well as dogs! Leah has been at our adoption center in Tremont waiting for a loving home since March. Visit this adorable girl today! More about Leah at: http://bit.ly/1DEzUDd, Adoptables assemble! Beginning on Tuesday, April 28, adoption fees will be reduced at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road). 

Cats over 5 months will have a reduced adoption fee of $11, select dog adoption fees will be $50, and hamsters will be available for adoption for just $5. The fees will be reduced through Saturday, May 2. Rescue your superhero at the Cleveland APL!, Meet Jessie, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, Check out some behind-the-scenes photos of members of our staff, along with Q104 - Cleveland's morning show team, recording stories about some of the amazing animals who have come through the doors of the Cleveland APL in need of help. Thanks to donations that we received, we were able to give these animals their happily ever afters. These incredible stories will air during Q104's #PledgeForPets Radiothon on May 8th and 9th. 

More about Radiothon and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon

Radiothon is presented by The Pup Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Are you an active person who loves to go for walks and be outside? Are you looking for an adorable pooch to add to your family? If so, then Denny might be the dog for you!  

Denny is a handsome and playful Border Collie/Retriever mix who is ready to find a family to call his own! He has been at the APL since November waiting for a home. This handsome 6-year-old pooch is very active and has lots of energy, therefore, he would do great with an active family.  Visit Denny at our adoption center in Tremont today – you won’t regret it!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Here are a couple more photos of the incredible transformations that are taking place at the Cleveland APL! #TransformationTuesday

Thank you again to Tricia Barstow of Pretty Paws Mobile Grooming for donating her time and services to groom many of the Shih Tzus who were rescued by our Humane Investigations team from a hoarding/breeding situation last week.

*Please note: We do not anticipate any of the dogs will be available for adoption before this Friday and we do not have wait lists in place for their adoptions. If you are interested in viewing any of our adoptable animals, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android.

If you're looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL, please consider making a donation to our Second Chance Program. Your gift will help us care for the Shih Tzus and more animals who come to us in need. Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Shih%20Tzus%20Facebook%202 to donate now. Thank you for your support!, The 33 Shih Tzus who were rescued by our Humane Investigations team from a hoarding/breeding situation last week are currently receiving all of the medical care and grooming that they so desperately need. As you can see from their before and after photos, they are looking like brand new dogs! A huge thank you to Tricia Barstow of Pretty Paws Mobile Grooming for donating her time and services to groom many of these dogs over the weekend. Tricia will kindly be coming back again this week to groom even more of the dogs!

We do not anticipate any of the dogs will be available for adoption before this Friday and we do not have wait lists in place for their adoptions. If you are interested in viewing any of our adoptable animals, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals or download our free adoption app available for iOS and Android. 

If you're looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL, please consider making a donation to our Second Chance Program. Your gift will help us care for the Shih Tzus and more animals who come to us in need. Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Shih%20Tzus%20Facebook%202 to donate now. Thank you for your support!, Meet David, a handsome 2-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. David is a very sweet guy and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! #MeowMonday 

View all of our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News to hold a 2015 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000! #LevinFurniture #LevinMattress

Enter now by visiting http://fox8.com/2015/04/02/make-your-pet-a-star-with-levin-furniture/, Are you in the mood for frozen yogurt? If so, make sure to visit a Menchie's Northeast Ohio location now through May 8th to get some delicious frozen yogurt and support the Cleveland APL by purchasing a paw print for $1! The sale of the paw print will benefit the Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets Radiothon that helps the animals at the Cleveland APL!

Also, make sure to spread the word on Twitter using the hash tag #PledgeForPets and tagging @ClevelandAPL, @MenchiesNEO, and @Q104Cleveland to show your support!
More about Q104's Radiothon: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/, Save the date! Q104 - Cleveland's 10th annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon, presented by the PUP Program from Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, will take place on Friday, May 8 and Saturday, May 9 at the Cleveland APL! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, We are receiving many questions about when the Shih Tzu dogs and puppies will be available for adoption. As their needs are being assessed, we cannot say exactly when the dogs will be available for adoption. We would advise anyone who is interested in adopting to visit the adoptable animals section of our website at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals. This page is updated in real time and shows all of the animals who are currently available for adoption.

If you are looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL now, please consider making a donation to our Second Chance Program. Your gift will help us care for the Shih Tzus and more animals who come to us in need. Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Shih%20Tzus%20Facebook%202 to donate now. Thank you for your support!, On Thursday, April 16, our Humane Investigations team rescued 33 Shih Tzus--24 dogs and 9 puppies--from a hoarding/breeding situation in a home in Parma Heights. The dogs were living in deplorable conditions, were clearly neglected and suffering, some in desperate need of medical attention, all in desperate need of grooming. 

Currently, our veterinary team is working to assess each dog's individual needs and devise a medical treatment plan for each one. Some of the adult dogs have severe, prolonged matting--several pounds of hair in many cases--which has caused their skin to be pulled in different directions. The matting was so severe on one of the dogs that it had caused his shoulder to dislocate and cut off circulation to his paw. As a result, his paw will require amputation. Several others are at risk of loss of limbs due to the severity of the matting. In addition to the care and treatment they will need for their matting, many of the dogs will need dental procedures and other medical treatment. Several have painful eye conditions. 

We are able to care for these innocent animals because of donations to our Second Chance Program. You can help us help these dogs, as well as the many other animals who will come to us in need by making a donation today. Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Shih%20Tzus%20Facebook%202 to donate today., Our Humane Investigations, Veterinary, Animal Care, and Animal Admissions teams are hard at work after the seizure of 33 Shih Tzu dogs and puppies. The dogs were rescued by our Humane Investigations team today team and were a part of a hoarding situation in Parma Heights. As you can see from the photos, the dogs are severely matted and have various health issues. 

We will keep you updated on how the dogs are doing. In the meantime, if you are looking for a way to support our life-saving programs and services at the Cleveland APL, please consider making a donation to our Second Chance Program by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Second%20Chance%20Shih%20Tzus%20Facebook%201. Your generous gift will help us care for these animals and others who come to us in need.

More about our Second Chance Program at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program, How pretty is this kitty? Chloe is a 5-year-old tabby who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. This gorgeous girl is sweet as can be and is currently waiting to be adopted at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma. More about Chloe: http://bit.ly/1CSbTb1, Meet Season, this week's Newsradio WTAM 1100 Featured Furry Friend! This handsome guy is a 7-year-old Hound/American Bulldog mix who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont., All of the animals at the Cleveland APL would like to wish WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's John Anderson WKYC a very happy birthday! Our birthday collage for John was featured on a special birthday edition of Dog Gone Weather this morning. :), Make sure to head to Dante Next Door on tomorrow from 6 to 9 p.m. to have a great time and support the Cleveland APL!

Join your neighbors. Make new friends. Enjoy great food and drinks and meet Chef Dante Boccuzzi at Dante Next Door on April 16th all to benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League’s Second Chance Program. The funds will help provide much needed medical care to animals who might not survive without it.

Event Details:
- Pizza, hors d’oeuvres, and two drinks for $50 at Dante Next Door.
- Call 216-274-1200 for tickets or purchase at the door.
- Dante Next Door is located at 2247 Professor Avenue in Tremont., Today is #WishListWednesday! Can you help the animals at the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item we are currently in need of? Our full Amazon Wish List can be viewed by visiting: http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Meet Ember and Boots, our #PetsOfTheWeek this week!  https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Check out Momma's impromptu photo shoot from this afternoon! Momma is beautiful 10-year-old Tabby who has been at the Cleveland APL since August. This pretty girl would do best as the only cat in the home. Visit Momma at our adoption center in Tremont today! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions, Are you attending the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl this Saturday? Here is everything you need to know!, Head to Dante Next Door on Thursday, April 16th, from 6 to 9 p.m. to have a great time and support the Cleveland APL!

Join your neighbors. Make new friends. Enjoy great food and drinks and meet Chef Dante Boccuzzi at Dante Next Door on April 16th all to benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League’s Second Chance Program. The funds will help provide much needed medical care to animals who might not survive without it.

Event Details:
- Pizza, Hors d’oeuvres, and two drinks for $50 at Dante Next Door.
- Call 216-274-1200 for tickets or purchase at the door.
- Dante Next Door is located at 2247 Professor Avenue in Tremont., Save the date! Q104 - Cleveland's 10th annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon, presented by the PUP Program from Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, will take place on Friday, May 8 and Saturday, May 9 at the Cleveland APL!  More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon, Today is #MeowMonday and we would like to introduce you to a very special kitty named Minerva! This pretty girl is 8 years old and was brought to the APL in March. She does great with other cats as well as dogs. Minerva is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. 

View all of our adoptable animals by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, It's #NationalVolunteerWeek! That means we're celebrating all of the amazing people who dedicate their time and talent to help all of the animals at the Cleveland APL. Volunteers are the heart of our organization and are vital team members who help us to achieve the impossible, fulfill our mission, inspire us to be our best, and advocate for animals and their care throughout our community. More at: https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer

"Volunteering at the Cleveland APL is rewarding because by improving the lives of animals, we can improve the lives of the people who love them." - Laura Porto, Cleveland APL Volunteer, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News to hold a 2015 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000! #LevinFurniture #LevinMattress

Enter now by visiting https://www.facebook.com/LevinFurniture/app_212077615474453?hc_location=ufi., Are you in the mood for delicious frozen yogurt? If so, make sure to visit a Menchie's Northeast Ohio location now through May 8th to get some delicious frozen yogurt and support the Cleveland APL by purchasing a paw print for $1! The sale of the paw print will benefit the Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets Radiothon that helps the animals at the Cleveland APL!

Also, make sure to spread the word on Twitter using the hash tag #PledgeForPets and tagging @ClevelandAPL, @MenchiesNEO, and @Q104Cleveland to show your support!

More about Q104's Radiothon: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/, Head to Dante Next Door on Thursday, April 16th, from 6 to 9 p.m. to have a great time and support the Cleveland APL!

Join your neighbors. Make new friends. Enjoy great food and drinks and meet Chef Dante Boccuzzi at Dante Next Door on April 16th all to benefit the Cleveland Animal Protective League’s Second Chance Program. The funds will help provide much needed medical care to animals who might not survive without it.

Event Details:
- Pizza, Hors d’oeuvres, and two drinks for $50 at Dante Next Door. 
- Call 216-274-1200 for tickets or purchase at the door.
- Dante Next Door is located at 2247 Professor Avenue in Tremont., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Shannon and Vivian both collected donation for the animals at the Cleveland APL in honor of their birthdays. Your support and kindness means so much. Thank you, girls!, Looking a way to help the small mammals at the Cleveland APL? Donate shredded paper! We are in need of finely shredded paper for our small mammals.

Feel free to bring your donations to our adoption center in Tremont during our hours of operation which can be viewed by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact. Thank you!, We are cheering on our Cleveland Indians at the Cleveland APL today!  If you aren't headed to the #HomeOpener today, score a home run by adopting a furry friend!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view photos and information about all of our adoptable animals. Go Tribe!, Today is our last Unity Day at East Tech High School for the spreadlove4:good program. We are holding a Pet Fair and students are helping with engraving pet ID tags and making blankets for animals at the APL!, A big thank you to the residents of Brookdale at Wickliffe for making toys and blankets for our animals!, Make sure to read the Petfinder Foundation's post about Mo, a sweet puppy who found his happily ever after at the Cleveland APL after receiving the care and treatment he so desperately needed. Thanks to the Dogly Do Good grant that we received, we are able provide medical care, treatment, and love to more animals like Mo., Mr. Tibbs (3 year old) is a male rabbit waiting for a loving home. He loves to be petted and is very friendly. He has not been around other animals, but has been around kids and did well. Come meet Mr. Tibbs at our adoption center in Tremont today!

More about Mr. Tibbs: http://bit.ly/1Cg2F9g, Download our FREE adoption app to view our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download today!, Get your tissues ready... we have Sadie's #ClevelandAPLHappyTale! 

Sadie, a sweet 12-year-old Pit Bull mix came to the Cleveland APL back in November. Sadie's owner was no longer able to care for her and she was in need of a place to call home. After receiving the care, medical treatment and love that she needed, both at the Cleveland APL and in the home of a loving Foster Care volunteer, Sadie's day finally came. After nearly 4 months with us, Sadie was going home!

On the day of our #furgetmenot Telethon on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, Sadie's mom, human sister, and two canine siblings came to adopt her. Sadie, now Lacy, is doing fantastic with her new family. She is described by her mom as "an absolute joy."  As you can see in these photos, it is apparent that Lacy could not be more loved. <3, Have you purchased your shirt for the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl yet? Tomorrow is the last day to get one!

Get your shirt for this fantastic event that will benefit the Cleveland APL! Purchase your shirt here! http://www.freshbrewedtees.com/cleveland-animals-bar-crawl-t-shirt.html (Please note, shirts will be picked up before the crawl at Flying Monkey Pub starting at 2:00 p.m.).

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Meet Princess Marshmallow, a beautiful girl who is available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont. This pretty kitty is 10 years old and does great with other cats and children of all ages. More about Princess Marshmallow: http://bit.ly/1DGu0Yj, Thank you to Chelsey, Cecilia, Joyce and the rest of the generous donors who purchased much-needed items for our Foster Care program! Are you interested in purchasing an item off of our Amazon Wish List? Visit http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV to view the full list., How did you and your pooch enjoy the nice weather over the weekend? Have a cute picture to share? Post it in the comments section below!

(Pictured here is Armanie, an APL alumni), Happy Easter from the Cleveland APL!

Please note: Our adoption center in Tremont is closed today. Our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 11am to 5pm., There are lots of fun ways to support the Cleveland APL this spring! Visit the "Fun Ways to Support the APL" section of our website to learn how!, Visit our adoptable cats and dogs at SouthPark Mall tomorrow between 11 am and 3 pm! You can usually find us in Center Court, but location may vary., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, A special thank you to Kayte and Heather who stopped by our adoption center in Tremont today to deliver monetary donations they collected together to help the animals at the Cleveland APL. Thank you girls!, Are you looking for a feline friend to add to your family? Meet Sarah, a beautiful 10 year old who is waiting for a home. This pretty girl is sweet as can be! More about Sarah at http://bit.ly/1NMBDhd, Are you in the mood for delicious frozen yogurt? If so, make sure to visit  a Menchie's Northeast Ohio location now through May 8th to get some delicious frozen yogurt and support the Cleveland APL by purchasing a paw print for $1! The sale of the paw print will benefit the Q104 - Cleveland #PledgeForPets Radiothon that helps the animals at the Cleveland APL! 

Also, make sure to spread the word on Twitter using the hash tag #PledgeForPets and tagging @ClevelandAPL, @MenchiesNEO, and @Q104Cleveland to show your support!, Today is #NationalFerretDay! To celebrate, we are sharing a few adorable photos of Dr. Pickles, an alumni of the Cleveland APL!

Do you have a pet ferret? Share his or her picture in the comments section below!, Help us make a difference for animals in need! Volunteer, donate, adopt! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, Are you looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL? Our Foster Care department needs your help! With kitten season quickly approaching, we are in need of the following items:

Yesterday’s News Litter, Pet-Ag Nursing Kits, Gerber Chicken and Gravy baby food, and KMR Powder for Kittens & Cats.
Purchase any of these items and view our full Amazon Wish List by visiting http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

On behalf of all of our animals who will be spending time in loving foster homes, we thank you for your support!, Did you hear?? A character from the popular television show, The Big Bang Theory is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL... April Fools! 

Sheldon is a handsome 3-year-old kitty who was brought to the APL as a stray. Visit Sheldon at our adoption center in Tremont today! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=24995331&location=Cleveland+APL
#aprilfools #bazinga, Levin Furniture is partnering with Fox 8 News in Cleveland (WJW) to hold a 2015 Facebook Pet Photo Contest. The winning pet will be featured in one of Levin’s Ohio print ads plus the owner will receive a CharBroil® gas grill! With every contest entry, Levin Furniture will donate $5 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League, up to a goal of $2,000!  #LevinFurniture #LevinMattress

Contest entry period: April 1st  – April 22nd.
Voting period: April 23rd  – April 29th . Winner will be announced April 30th. 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Meet Bruno, a handsome 1.5-year-old Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! Bruno knows "sit" and is a very sweet boy.

More about Bruno and other adoptable animals at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, There are lots of fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL this spring, including a fabulous evening at Dante Next Door, the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl, which will take place at local bars in Cleveland, and a fundraiser at Wild Birds Unlimited in Mayfield Heights - all to benefit the APL! 

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Thank you to Thomas (left) who stopped by our adoption center in Tremont with his family yesterday to donate items in honor of his 9th birthday! Happy birthday and thank you for your generosity, Thomas!, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the "eNewsletter Sign Up" tab. It's that easy!, The APL Offsite Adoption team will be at the Petco in Beachwood (24001 Chagrin Blvd) tomorrow with adoptable animals from 11 am – 3 pm. Come say hello and possibly take home a new best friend! 

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Stop by any Menchie's Northeast Ohio today to purchase a Paw Print for $1. Your purchase will benefit Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon that will take place on May 8 & 9 which supports the Cleveland APL! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/other-ways-to-help-radiothon-2015/, Visit the our Offsite Adoption team tomorrow at the Petco store in Mentor (7721 Mentor Ave.). Some of our adorable dogs and kittens will be available for adoption from 11 am until 3 pm. We hope to see you there!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, It's a... kitten!  Join us tomorrow at 2 pm at our adoption center in Tremont for a Foster Care orientation and training session! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl for more information about the session. 

Have questions about our Foster Care Program? Contact Samm Starkey, Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org or 216-771-4616, ext.136., Are you looking for a cuddly companion to share your life with? Look no further! We have lots of wonderful cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL.

View photos and information about all of our adoptable animals, check out our adoption center locations, and read about our adoption process by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt
Also, be sure to download our free adoption app on iOS or Android devices., Check out some of the fantastic photos that were taken by our amazing volunteer photographers during  WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon. During the event, more than $55,000 was raised for the Cleveland APL! 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/clevelandapl/sets/72157651135703828/, Spring is a beautiful time of year—flowers begin to bloom and temperatures will start to rise. This time of year is also unfortunately one that brings great challenges to the Cleveland APL. That’s because it is the season when stray animals start to give birth to the litters that result from uncontrolled breeding in our community. The outcome is a flood of homeless puppies and kittens pouring into our animal admissions department. They have no family, no home, and no hope until we step in for them.

During this time, we are faced with a challenge. A challenge to not only care for animals who are already at the Cleveland APL, but to also have the resources to help the many puppies and kittens—and often their parents, too—who need a place to call home. Our resources are pushed to their limits and sometimes beyond. When there are lots of puppies and kittens, the older dogs and cats may take that much longer to get adopted. It’s a domino effect that stretches our resources in every direction.

We’d love to count on your help. Your Spring Fund Drive gift will help us provide lifesaving care for deserving, homeless animals.
Donate now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/GeneralDon?code=Spring%20Fund%20Drive%2DTurn%20Your%20Compassion%20Into%20Action, Meet Casey, a sweet 8-year-old boy who came to the Cleveland APL in February. This handsome guy does well with other cats. Learn more about Casey by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions, Double the joy, double the fun, and double the love! Prince and Pooh Bear, two 10-year-old boys, are waiting to find the purrfect home together. These two have lived together their entire lives, depend on each other and are always snuggling! 

Learn more about this sweet pair by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions or calling our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Is your calendar marked for the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl?   Here is everything you need to know about this fun event in support of the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/! #CleGoesWild, It's a... kitten! Join us on Saturday, March 28th at 2 pm at our adoption center in Tremont for a Foster Care orientation and training session!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for more information about the session and becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer. Also, if you have any questions about our Foster Care Program, please contact Samm Starkey, Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org or 216-771-4616, ext.136., Here at the Cleveland APL, we think every day should be #nationalpuppyday! Meet some of the sweet pups who are waiting for homes at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store today!

View all of our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals., Adopt your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to meet all of our adoptable animals today. For more information, see https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Felix (3 year old) is a shy male rabbit looking for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! He has lived with another rabbit and a dog before and did well with them.  

More about Felix: http://bit.ly/1Bnx1oW, Download our FREE adoption app to view our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download today!, Adopt your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to meet all of our adoptable animals today., Stop by any Menchie's Northeast Ohio now though May 8 and purchase a Paw Print for $1. Your purchase will benefit Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon that will take place on May 8 & 9 which supports the Cleveland APL!, Lots of furry friends met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store, including Sadie, a wonderful 12-year-old Pit Bull mix who has been at the Cleveland APL and waiting for a loving home for nearly 4 months!, null, Thank you for your support!!!! We are thrilled to announce that we have raised $50,790 during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon!

If you haven't made a donation yet but would like to, it's not too late! Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media to donate!, Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon. Time is running out, so call now!

If you would like to donate online, you can do so by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., null, When Bugsy arrived at the Cleveland APL in October, she was in rough shape. She had a large wound on forehead and needed our help. After receiving the medical care and treatment she so desperately needed, this sweet girl has been spending time in a loving foster home and is doing much better now! Bugsy's journey hasn't been easy, but we were able to help her thanks to donations to the Cleveland APL.

You can help us make a difference in the lives of the more than 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year. Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon., Thank you to Aladdin's Eatery and La Bodega in Tremont for providing a delicious lunch for our staff and volunteers during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon!, Quito is a very sweet 6-year-old Chihuahua who came to the Cleveland APL through our Dog Transfer Program. 

Your donation during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon will allow us to continue our life-saving work. Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Many thanks to Mace Brand for their support of today's #furgetmenot Telethon on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland! Mace Brand Nite Beams products will be available soon on Mace.com.  In the meantime, use "furgetmenot" as the coupon code on Mace.com to receive 20% off your purchase of their full line of safety products., Coal wants you to "lend us a paw" and call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) to make a donation today during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture!

You can also make a donation online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Remember Krystal, the adorable Pug from earlier today? Here she is with her new family!

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) to help more animals like Krystal find their happily ever after during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon!, Thank you to Levin Furniture, presenting sponsor of WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon! 

Call now to make your donation! The number is 216-566-PETS (7387), so call now!

Donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Elk & Elk, presenting sponsor of WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon, stopped by during Live on Lakeside WKYC! Thank you for your support!

Help make our phones ring! Call 216-566-PETS (7387) now!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Krystal was brought to the Cleveland APL by her owner who could no longer care for her. This adorable 5-year-old Pug mix is outgoing and sweet.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now to make a donation during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon today and help us care for more homeless animals like Krystal.

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, A big thank you to VCA Animal Hospitals, one of our wonderful sponsors at WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon!, Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) until 8 p.m. tonight during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon. Select adult cat adoptions fees are reduced to just $3 in celebration of this exciting event!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon, Meet Sassy, a very sweet 5-year-old Pit Bull mix who was brought to the Cleveland APL by our Humane Investigations team. Our Humane Investigations services are supported entirely through donations, which is why we need you to call 216-566-PETS (7387) now - so we can help more animals like Sassy! #furgetmenot 

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Ozzy, a happy feline resident of the administrative offices at the Cleveland APL, wants you to call in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture! 216-566-PETS (7387) is the number to call.

Want to make a donation online? Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Spot is one of the many cats who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL. She was brought to the APL because her owner had too many animals.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) now to make a donation during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon today and help us help more animals like Spot.

Make a donation online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon is just getting started at the Cleveland APL! Call 216-566-PETS (7387) or 866-392-PETS (7387) to make your donation to the Cleveland APL today!

You can also donate online by visiting https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media., Bear was brought to the Cleveland APL about a month ago by his owner who could no longer care for him. Bear had a skin condition (see his "before" photo in bottom, left corner) that needed to be treated. Thanks to the donations we received, we were able to provide Bear with the necessary care and treatment.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387)  or 866-392-PETS (7387) to make a donation during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon today and help us help more animals like Bear., Our wonderful phone bank volunteers are enjoying coffee that was generously donated by the Starbucks in Lakewood! They're also enjoying some kitten snuggles :). What a great way to start the day! 

Make sure to call 216-566-PETS or 866-392-PETS (7387) to make your donation during the #furgetmenot Telethon! 

Donate online: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Sadie is a very sweet 12-year-old Pit Bull mix who came to the Cleveland APL because her owner was moving and could not take her with him. Sadie has been waiting for a loving home at the APL since November.

Call 866-392-PETS (7387) or 216-566-PETS (7387) now to help us help more wonderful animals like Sadie.

You can also donate online by visiting: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, null, Today is the day of WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture! Make sure to tune in to WKYC Channel 3 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and call between those hours to make a donation! We will posting live from the telethon all day long, so stay tuned to our Facebook page, Twitter feed @ClevelandAPL, and Instagram @ClevelandAPL all day long!

You can donate before Telethon even begins! Visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media, Tomorrow is the big day! Tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's 4th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture, tomorrow from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year.

You can help the Cleveland APL before the telethon even begins - visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media to donate now!, HELP! We are in need of Foster Care volunteers! If you're interested in making a difference in the lives of homeless animals in need then please join us on Saturday, March 28th at 2 p.m. at our adoption center in Tremont for a Foster Care orientation and training session!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl/ for more information. Also, if you have any questions about our Foster Care Program, please contact Samm Starkey, Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org or 216-771-4616, ext.136., Today is the last day for #MarchMeowness! Adopt a feline friend for just a $16 adoption fee!

Adoption fees at the APL include: spay/neuter surgery, initial vaccines, treatment for worms and fleas, a collar and APL tag, 
post-adoption health exam donated by a local veterinarian,   cat/kitten adoptions include a travel box, and species-specific portfolio with a wealth of information about your new pet.
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Sadie enjoyed some time outside in the sunshine this afternoon. This sweet 12-year-old Pit Bull mix has been with us since November. She does great with children and other dogs. If you're family is looking for a lovable, sweet pooch, Sadie might just be the one for you!
More about Sadie: http://bit.ly/1GpBjAK, How pretty is Ms. Kitty?! This sweet 6 year old is available for adoption for only $16 during #MarchMeowness! Ms. Kitty has been waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont since February, so visit her today!  #ClevelandAPLSweet16.

Learn more about reduced adoption fees during March Meowness today and tomorrow by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Meet Momma, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend of the week! Today and tomorrow, during #MarchMeowness, Momma (and select adult cats) can be adopted for a reduced adoption fee of $16. 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, The 4th Annual WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture, will take place on this Friday, March 20, from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year.

It's not too early to make a donation to support the Telethon! Simply visit https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=Cleveland%20APL%20Social%20Media and make a gift today., Today is Susie's lucky day!  Susie (the adorable puppy on the right) is going home with her new parents today. This heartwarming photo includes Susie, her sister Greta, her foster parents (left), and her new parents. Susie's sister will be heading home later today with her new family as well.

Are you interested in fostering sweet, homeless animals like Susie and Greta? If so, then become a Foster Care volunteer! Learn about our Foster Care Program and our upcoming Neonatal Training Session at the Cleveland APL on Saturday, March 28th at 2pm by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Happy St. Pet-rick's Day from the Cleveland APL!

Are you searching for a lucky charm? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals for a full list of our available adoptable animals. Remember, now through Thursday, select cat adoption fees are just $16! #adopt, The 4th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture, will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this Friday, March 20 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year. https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon, Kit is a beautiful 6 year old who is ready to find a loving home during #MarchMeowness! Visit this sweet girl at our adoption center in Tremont. #ClevelandAPLSweet16.

Learn more about reduced adoption fees during March Meowness now through this Thursday by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, The adorable T Bone celebrated Pi Day and Pi Second over the weekend with WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas and Katherine Schneider, APL Offsite Adoptions Coordinator. Learn more about T Bone by visiting http://bit.ly/1bbBmq2., Download our FREE adoption app to view our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download today!, The 4th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon is less than a week away! Make sure to tune in to  WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland on Friday, March 20th from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. to see vignettes that will showcase the diverse and meaningful work the APL does to rescue, heal, nurture, adopt, and advocate for animals in need. All funds raised during the telethon will benefit the Cleveland APL., The cats at the Cleveland APL are celebrating a March Madness that’s all their own, and we’re calling it #MarchMeowness!  Everyday these cats are competing with each other to win the heart of someone who is looking for that special companion.  If you adopt and make one of our cats your MVP, you’re sure to score big with a lifetime of love! 

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees during March Meowness: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Don't forget - now through Thursday, March 19, you can adopt a new feline friend for a reduced adoption fee of $16 during #MarchMeowness! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Meet Alley, a shy but sweet girl who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Alley is a lap kitty once she is comfortable. For questions about Alley or any of our adoptable animals, please call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Thank you to Abby and her pup Josie for stopping by the Cleveland APL to drop off donations for our animals today! Abby collected the donations instead of gifts for her 13th birthday., Tori is a beautiful 6 year old who is ready to find a loving home during #MarchMeowness! This pretty girl was found as a stray and does great with other cats. Visit Tori at our adoption center in Tremont. #ClevelandAPLSweet16.

Learn more about reduced adoption fees during March Meowness now through Thursday, March 19th by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Have you purchased your shirt for the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl on April 18th yet? 100% of proceeds from shirt sales goes directly to the Cleveland APL. Learn more about the bar crawl at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl #CLEGoesWild, Are you looking for a fun opportunity to support the Cleveland APL during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's 4th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon on Friday, March 20? If so, please consider volunteering on our phone bank!

Learn more about the Phone Bank volunteer opportunity, which include 3 hour shifts: https://t.e2ma.net/message/6q92h/i8my0e

If you are interested in volunteering on the phone bank, please e-mail Danielle Begalla, Volunteer Manager at dbegalla@clevelandapl.org by noon on Saturday, March 12. Confirmation and further instructions will be provided. If you do not hear back from Danielle, please assume that our shifts have been filled.  

More about the telethon: www.clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon, Are you an animal lover with a nurturing spirit? Do you want to help save lives? If so, please join us on Saturday, March 28th at 2 p.m. at our adoption center in Tremont for a Foster Care orientation and training session so you can become a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl for more information. Also, if you have any questions about our Foster Care Program, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org or 216-771-4616, ext.136., Roy is a handsome and sweet 11 year old who is ready to find a loving home during #MarchMeowness! This wonderful guy does great with other cats, dogs and children! Visit Roy at our adoption center in Tremont. #ClevelandAPLSweet16.

Learn more about reduced adoption fees during March Meowness now through Thursday, March 19th by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Save the Date! WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's 4th Annual #furgetmenot Telethon, presented by Elk & Elk and Levin Furniture, will take place on Friday, March 20th. Tune in to WKYC Channel 3 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. to see vignettes that will-showcase the diverse and meaningful work the APL does to rescue, heal, nurture, adopt, and advocate for animals in need. All funds raised during the telethon will benefit the Cleveland APL.
Make a donation now: https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/PledgePage?code=2015%20Telethon%20website, Meet Jessie, an adorable and sweet 10 year old who is ready to find a loving home during #MarchMeowness! Jessie is a purr-tastic member of the #ClevelandAPLSweet16.

Learn more about reduced adoption fees during March Meowness now through Thursday, March 19th by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Check out some of the fun moments that we captured during Sunday's #PucksandPaws event at the Lake Erie Monsters game!, Meet Honey, a 3-year-old fellow who is ready to go home during #MarchMeowness! Honey is a member of the #ClevelandAPLSweet16.

Learn more about reduced adoption fees during March Meowness at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Thank you to Keegan who collected donations for the Cleveland APL for his 9th birthday! This is the second year in a row that he’s held a collection for his birthday. Thank you for your support and generosity, Keegan!, Are you looking for a way to have fun AND support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn how!, Are you looking for a new best friend? Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) today!, Are you ready for #MarchMeowness? Cat adoption fees are reduced in March at our adoption center in Tremont as well as our PetSmart Charities EAC! These adoption fees will be reduced now through Thursday, March 19.

Make sure to stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter pages (@ClevelandAPL) over the next couple of weeks, as we will be featuring our "Sweet 16" adoptable cats! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness/, Save the date! The 4th Annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland on Friday, March 20 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year. 

More information about Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Hundreds of dog and their families came to the Lake Erie Monsters game for #PucksandPaws today. Also, one APL pooch was adopted at the game! Thanks to everyone who came with their furry friends!, The pup pictures from yesterday's #DogGoneEggHunt are available on Q104's website. Check them out!, #PucksandPaws at the Lake Erie Monsters game is just getting started! If you're at the game, make sure to visit our adoptable dogs near section 118! Let's go Monsters!, Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store for #MarchMeowness! 

Select cat adoption fees are reduced to $16 now through Thursday, March 19! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Have fun at a Lake Erie Monsters hockey game with your pooch this weekend!

Come to the 7th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena tomorrow, March 8. The Monsters will be playing the Chicago Wolves, and face off is at 3 p.m. For more information and to get your tickets, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl #PucksandPaws2015, A great time was had by all of pooches and their "people" who attended Q104 - Cleveland's #DogGoneEggHunt at SouthPark Mall! Plus, more than $3,700 was raised for the Cleveland APL during this fun event! Thanks to everyone who attended!, Q104 - Cleveland's #DogGoneEggHunt is just getting started at SouthPark Mall!, The day of Q104 - Cleveland's #DogGoneEggHunt has finally arrived! Our Easter Bunnies and photographers are getting ready for the pooches to arrive at SouthPark Mall! 

More about the walk: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Don't forget - tomorrow is Q104 - Cleveland's Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk at SouthPark Mall! The walk is sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District.

Pups that attend the dog walk will have their pictures taken with the Easter Bunny! The dog walk will take place from 6:30 to 9 a.m. and admission is a donation to the Cleveland APL. (minimum $5) More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

Don't forget - now through Thursday, March 19, you can adopt a new feline friend for a reduced adoption fee of $16 during #MarchMeowness! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, #MarchMeowness is getting started at the Cleveland APL! Meet Hero, one of the many wonderful cats who is waiting for a loving home. 

Remember, cat adoption fees are reduced at our adoption center in Tremont as well as our PetSmart Charities EAC today through Thursday, March 19! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness
#APLSweet16, At Q104 - Cleveland's Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk tomorrow, make sure to stop by Q104's table to grab a delicious cookie made by Kiedrowski's Simply Delicious Bakery while your pooch enjoys dog treats and a photo with the Easter Bunny! #DogGoneEggHunt 

More about the dog walk: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Tip-off for #MarchMeowness is today! 

Cat adoption fees are reduced at our adoption center in Tremont as well as our PetSmart Charities EAC today through Thursday, March 19! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness, Our second spreadlove4:good Unity Day at East Tech High School was a great success!

Spreadlove4:good is a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love. #SL4G, Spreadlove4:good Team APL's students are working hard on thank you cards for adopters during the second Unity Day at East Tech High School! 

The spreadlove4:good program is a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love. #SL4G, Cali is ready for #MarchMeowness... are you?

Learn more about reduced adoption fees tomorrow through Thursday, March 19 at the Cleveland APL by visiting: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness., Spring is just around the corner and so is kitten season! We are working hard to prepare for all of the kittens that will be coming in to the shelter soon. In order to be fully prepared, we are in urgent need of kitten foster homes!  Our Foster Care department will provide you with necessary training, medical care for the foster animal, supplies, and support (via e-mail and a 24-hour emergency line) that you will need. 

For more information or to apply to become a Foster Care volunteer, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care. You may also contact our Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org or 216-771-4616, ext.136.

*Please note: our next Neonatal Training Session will be held on Saturday, March 28th at 2pm., Don't forget to join us for a “doggone good time” at Q104 - Cleveland's 3rd annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District to benefit Cleveland APL!

Pups that attend the dog walk at SouthPark Mall on Saturday, March 7 will have their pictures taken with the Easter Bunny! The dog walk will take place from 6:30 to 9 a.m. and admission is a donation to the Cleveland APL. (minimum $5) More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Are you ready for March Meowness?  Cat adoption fees will be reduced in March at our adoption center in Tremont as well as our PetSmart Charities EAC! Tip-off is Friday, March 6 and fees will be reduced through Thursday, March 19. 

Make sure to stay tuned to our Facebook and Twitter pages (@ClevelandAPL) over the next couple of weeks, as we will be featuring our "Sweet 16" adoptable cats! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/march-meowness/, Our March issue of Pet Patter is out! Check out the full issue online by visiting http://bit.ly/1M6XMG4., Ready for a #ClevelandAPLHappyTale? Here is Lulu's!

"We adopted Lulu (formerly Mary-Lou) back in August as a companion for my first rescue, a black cat named Tadas. Although he was a bit hesitant at first, she quickly won him over, and they now spend all of their time together. Lulu is the sweetest, most gentle animal I have ever met, and she dotes on her new brother. We are so happy (and lucky!) to have met her, she is greatly loved here!" - Olivia Skirutis, March is #AdoptARescuedGuineaPigMonth! 

Meet Garth, John Boy and Cletus, three adorable guinea pigs who are waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont. Their adoption fee is $15 each. Come meet these cuties today!, Meet Cali, a sweet 2-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Cali does well with dogs and other cats and would make a great addition to any family! 

More about Cali: http://bit.ly/1Eaaene, Open your heart and home - adopt a pet! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Pet Nutrition: Maker of Science Diet and Prescription Diet Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, The 4th Annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland on Friday, March 20 from 5 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.  This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year. https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Are you looking for a new best friend? Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) today!, Want to enjoy a Lake Erie Monsters hockey game with your pooch? 

Mark your calendar for the 7th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, March 8. The Monsters will be playing the Chicago Wolves, and faceoff is at 3 p.m.  For more information and to get your tickets, visit: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl #PucksandPaws2015, Purchase a copy of the Cleveland APL's 2015 Pet Calendar for a reduced price of only $5. The calendar features photos of our area's much-loved pets and makes a great gift for animal lovers!

Visit http://bit.ly/16Z6N4b to purchase your copy today!, Join us for a “doggone good time” at Q104 - Cleveland's 3rd annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District to benefit Cleveland APL!

Pups that attend the dog walk at SouthPark Mall on Saturday, March 7 will have their pictures taken with the Easter Bunny! The dog walk will take place from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m. and admission is a donation to the Cleveland APL. (Minimum $5)  More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Behind the scenes at the commercial shoot for WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon with sponsors Levin Furniture and Elk & Elk! 

Save the date for the telethon which benefits the Cleveland APL on Friday, March 20! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon, February is #AdoptARescuedRabbitMonth!

Georgia (left) and Peaches love spending time together in our small mammal adoption room! These two cuties are both waiting for loving homes, so visit them at our adoption center in Tremont today. 
www.clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/, The animals at the Cleveland APL are having a debate over this  fleece available for purchase at The Pawtique. Some of the animals think it's blue and others say it's gold! 

What do you think? #thefleece #blueorgold

* The Pawtique retail shop is located inside of our adoption center in Tremont., Our spreadlove4:good team is working hard on their project for the animals. Check out some of the many wonderful blankets that have been made by students! Brandy the dog and Zeppo, Baby, and Firefly the sweet, little kittens are loving their new blankets.

Jasmin, one of the East Tech High School students who has been working hard on making these blankets, shared her feelings of accomplishment while working on this project:

"I had a blast yesterday making these and toys for the kitty’s and doggy’s…I love the APL. It’s so awesome. I really enjoy this program. It has made me happier since I’ve been doing these good deeds."

Spreadlove4:good is a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love. #SL4G SpreadLove, Despite their shaky start, the Cleveland APL gave Less, Larri and Darwin the happy endings they so deserved. Of course, we couldn’t have done it without your help!

Read Less, Larri and Darwin's stories and learn how you can help us make a difference for more animals like them: https://t.e2ma.net/message/ccii6/opkefb, In what way does your furry friend wake you up in the morning?, A big thank you to Heather, Wayne, and Sam for purchasing much-needed items off of our Amazon Wish List. We were thrilled to receive puppy pads, a heat pack and lots of dog treats for our animals!

If you would like to purchase an item off of our wish list, visit http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Meet Beauty, a wonderful 6-year-old kitty who has been with us since January. This sweet girl was found and brought in by a Good Samaritan. Beauty is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma, so visit her today! http://bit.ly/1Gq7zUJ, Meet Terrance and Hero, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week, The Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl is less than 2 months away! Save the date for Saturday, April 18th as participants crawl, hop and fly across five different animal-named bars in Cleveland to support the Cleveland Animal Protective League.
Learn more: http://www.freshbrewedtees.com/cleveland-animals-bar-crawl-t-shirt.html
#CleGoesWild, Claire just turned 12 and collected donations for the animals at the Cleveland APL instead of receiving gifts for her birthday and has been doing this every year since she was 4 years old! Thank you for your thoughtfulness and generosity for our animals, Claire!, Purchase a copy of the Cleveland APL's 2015 Pet Calendar for a reduced price of only $5. The calendar features photos of our area's much-loved pets and makes a great gift for animal lovers!

Visit http://bit.ly/16Z6N4b to purchase your copy today!, Are you looking for a furry friend to add to your family? Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store (6870 Ridge Road) to meet your new best friend today!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, February is #AdoptARescuedRabbitMonth!

Brownie Bunny (2 year old) is a female rabbit waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. She doesn't like be picked up too much, but loves when you rub her between her eyes. She has never lived with any other animals but has been around kids and did well. Visit this sweet girl today!

More about Brownie Bunny: http://bit.ly/1AT4Cxd, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab. It's that easy!, February is #AdoptARescuedRabbitMonth!

Pancake (1 year old) is a female Rex/Mix rabbit waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. She loves to be petted and held, and is very friendly. Visit this sweet girl today!

More about Pancake: http://bit.ly/1G8JotL, Please note there are still currently no dogs at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store due to heating issues. However, cats at that location are in a separate area not impacted by the heating issue and are available for adoption., Are you looking for a way to help the APL? Visit our Amazon Wish List and purchase an item that we are currently in need of! 

* While shopping on Amazon, make sure to visit AmazonSmile first! On AmazonSmile, you'll find the same shopping experience you would on Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! Simply visit smile.amazon.com and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" and start shopping! Thank you for your support!, Meet Bernie, a sweet 7 year old cat who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Bernie is very friendly, and does well with kids, dogs and other cats. More about Bernie: http://bit.ly/17UtYhs, Please note there are currently no dogs at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store due to heating issues. However, cats at that location are in a separate area not impacted by the heating issue and are available for adoption., Download our FREE adoption app to view our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download today!, Thank you to Nick who came to our adoption center in Tremont today with donations that he collected for our animals for his birthday!, February is #AdoptARescuedRabbitMonth!

Thumper (1 year old) is an independent female Dutch rabbit looking for a loving home! She has lived with another rabbit and a dog before and did great with them. She is also litter box trained. If you are looking for a hopper to warm your heart during this arctic blast, come meet Thumper at our adoption center in Tremont today!

More about Thumper: http://bit.ly/1MukSrw, Join us for a “doggone good time” at Q104 - Cleveland’s 3rd annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District to benefit Cleveland APL!

Pups that attend the dog walk at SouthPark Mall on Saturday, March 7 will have their pictures taken with the Easter Bunny! The dog walk will take place from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m. and admission is a donation to the Cleveland APL. (Minimum $5) 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL. Check out all of the fun and exciting events happening in the community that will benefit the APL!, Meet Casey, a sweet 7 year old who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Casey is very friendly, loves to purr, and does well with dogs and other cats. Visit this sweet girl today! http://bit.ly/1zIfg2y, null, null, Want to enjoy a Lake Erie Monsters hockey game with your pooch and support the Cleveland APL? Mark your calendar for the 7th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, March 8. 

More information & how to purchase your tickets at https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ #PucksandPaws2015, Purchase a copy of the Cleveland APL's 2015 Pet Calendar for a reduced price of only $5. The calendar features photos of our area's much-loved pets and makes a great gift for animal lovers!

Visit http://bit.ly/16Z6N4b to purchase your copy today!, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

"Meet Mason and Pearl. We rescued Mason 13 years ago when someone abandoned him at a dog groomer. He's the handsome one on the left. The one on the right is Pearl, and she is almost 3. I met Pearl last year at the zoo. It was "Meet Your Best Friend at the Zoo" day and I saw Pearl with a Cleveland APL volunteer... it was definitely love at first sight! She was very shy and a little bewildered when we brought her home; in fact, she didn't want to get out of the car until we brought Mason and our other dog Rudy out to greet her. She perked right up, got out, and the rest is history! My husband and I love coming home to all the happy, wagging tails and the purring fluffballs. I can't imagine my life without our fur family!" - Leila Snodgrass, EAC Assistant Adoptions Supervisor

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, The Q104 - Cleveland Four-Legged Fashion Show is underway at the IX Center! The dogs are wearing outfits from Pet-tique in Cleveland!, Backstage at the Q104 - Cleveland Four-Legged Fashion Show at the IX Center! Adoptable dogs Kasey and Buckeye are ready to strut their stuff!, Today is the final day to receive two Monster Jam vouchers when adopting your new best friend at the Cleveland APL!
Learn more by visiting http://bit.ly/1EfTfwc., In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

“This is my cat Peanut.  He is the oldest of my four furry friends from the Cleveland APL. Peanut was found outside the APL 10 years ago and was barely alive. He was so tiny you could hold him in the palm of your hand. Peanut received wonderful treatment from our veterinary team who saved his precious life. I took him home for foster care to fatten him up and continue to get him healthy. Yep, I joined the “foster failure” family. My husband and I fell in love with him immediately and knew we were going to adopt him. We laugh until this day regarding his name! I remember when we named him Peanut because he was so little and fragile. I thought for sure he would grow up and still be that “little Peanut.”  Well, he is now 20 pounds.  I always tell him he his big boned. :)  Happy Valentines Day!!!!” - April Clark, Associate Director of Development

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Happy Valentine's Day! Visit our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC to find your true love today! Cat adoption fees are reduced to $14 and kittens are $50 today and tomorrow!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

"I met Arnold, now almost 13, and Roo, now 10, when I was the E.D. at Rescue Village. Arnold kinda flunked the Homeward Bound dog training program and was going to be rather hard to place. He wasn't especially trusting and didn't like to share his stuff. He was a humane case who came in at 6 months old with a shattered pelvis and stomach full of garbage that was serving as his only source of "nutrition." Roo, who was born without front paws, was surrendered by her owner when she was 1 year old because the landlord wouldn't let her keep her.  She was terrified in the kennels so I agreed to keep her in my office until she could be adopted. Well, you know how that ended!  Guess I just have an affinity for little "scratch 'n dents!"" - Sharon Harvey, President & CEO

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend:  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Join us tomorrow for the Q104 - Cleveland 4-Legged Fashion Show at the Great Big Home and Garden Show at Cleveland’s IX Center from 5-7 pm. Adoptable dogs will be outfitted by Pet-tique as they strut their stuff on the runway, and will be available to adopt after the show!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!

*Don't forget- cat and kitten adoption fees are reduced this weekend! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day for more information!, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

"In April of 2012, I lost my childhood dog, Charlie, to cancer. Although he was still living in Texas with my parents, and had been for many years, his loss was devastating. Oddly enough, the day after I lost Charlie was the day I started volunteering at the Cleveland APL. The experience was incredibly healing for me and I was dead-set against “replacing” Charlie.  Then I volunteered to showcase adoptable dogs at the Tremont Farmer’s Market in June, where I was paired with a scruffy, trembling little pooch named Lola. I had never been drawn to smaller dogs but that little girl crawled her way into my heart. I stayed up all night after the event thinking about her and, the next day, I threw caution to the wind and adopted her. Her new name is Chankla (which is Spanglish for “house slipper” or “flip-flop”). It was the best decision I’ve made in my adult life! She’s blossomed from the quivering, disheveled fuzz–ball I first met into a headstrong, energetic, cuddly partner-in-crime. I can’t imagine existing without her and she makes my life so much richer." - Stephanie Super, Adoptions Associate

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend:  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

"Tippy is my 6-year-old kitty who is full of love and affection.  I rescued Tippy from a barn when she was just 6 weeks old and  injured. When I saw Tippy, she was having problems walking and had a gash on the side of her face. I took her home and cleaned her up and cuddled her all night long. She had vertigo so badly that she couldn’t keep from shaking, and was unable to eat.  I really thought her injuries would mean she would have to go to  the Rainbow Bridge, but  when I took her to my vet the next day I was so happy when he said it was treatable."

"Over the next few week she overcame the vertigo, nausea, and an infection in her wound. Unfortunately due to the severity of the wound, she lost her hearing in her right ear. My vet felt her injuries were from someone kicking her, or throwing her against a wall."

"I’m happy to report Tippy has made a miraculous recovery, despite still being deaf on her right side, she is one of the most loving, happy, snuggly kitties I have. She sleeps on my pillow at night and purrs all night long! Tippy is definitely a ‘Love Connection’ in our house!" -  Claire Dugas, Retail & Adoptions Associate, Just over 2 weeks ago, the Cleveland APL lead an animal rescue operation at The Cat Crossing, a shelter on West 25th Street. While this is still an ongoing humane investigation, we are releasing all of the information about the situation that we are able to at this time. The rescue operation has resulted in the Cleveland APL taking in 147 cats. The cats are currently receiving care, medical treatment, and lots of love from compassionate and caring Cleveland APL staff and volunteers.  

Please visit www.ClevelandAPL.org/donate/help-now to read important information about this situation and learn how you can support the Cleveland APL by making a donation to our Second Chance Fund.

We also desperately need adopters for these cats, so please contact us at (216) 771-4616, ext. 0 to learn more about their needs. Even adopting a cat who wasn’t a part of this case will help!, Our next adoption love story features Stephanie Ash, Adoptions & Retail Supervisor and Sassy: 

"At the end of November 2014, our 8-year-old rabbit, Erwin, passed away unexpectedly. After a couple of weeks, I missed the sound of bunny feet in our home and went looking for a rabbit I could foster. I went to our Animal Care Supervisor and asked her if there were any rabbits that could use my help. She immediately suggested a rabbit named Bambi, who was an un-spayed female rabbit who did not like her things touched. I knew that I could help her and took her into my home to foster her."

"She was in our home for about a month and I knew that I wanted to adopt her, but my husband, Tom, was not quite ready. After talking it over and some cuddles with her on the couch, Tom finally told me “she can stay.” We adopted her in January 2015. Sassafras, or Sassy for short, is a wonderful addition to our family! She loves to explore and chase our dog, Salsa, around the house. She still does not like certain things of hers touched, but we respect that and continue to work with her. Her sassy personality always keeps us laughing and although we will never forget the little hopper we lost, Sassy helps our hearts heal every day. Who rescued whom?"

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Meet your true love at the Cleveland APL today through Sunday!

Cat adoptions fees are reduced to $14 and kittens adoption fees are $50. More information at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

“Meet my 11-year-old cat, Ella. She spent eight months at the APL waiting for her “furever” mommy. I adopted her (my very first cat) in September 2014 and ever since, I could not imagine my life without her. She is a brave, little fighter, my spoiled princess. She loves to give kisses and to play. She may be an old lady, but she still has the spunk of a kitten! Ella loves to watch the birds and terrorize her doggy brothers. She is the queen of the house, meowing for treats and for you to move from that spot you’re sitting in.”  - Stephanie Ilavsky, EAC Adoptions Associate

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Do you find yourself craving some cuddly companionship instead of creamy candies? If so, it sounds like you are ready to meet your perfect match this Valentine’s Day—the one with a warm heart and cold nose!

Learn about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees tomorrow through Sunday by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Stop by our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart store now until 6 and meet Monster Jam athlete Bailey Shea! 

Also, adopt a furry friend and get 2 vouchers to Monster Jam!, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

"We adopted Dougal, my best little buddy, from a local shelter about five years ago.  We had been thinking about adopting a kitten but when we met 8-year-old Dougal, that plan went right out the window. He'd been out on the streets and somebody had been abusing him, but he was incredibly sweet and affectionate to us.  He was a bit shy when we first brought him home--he hid in our closet for a couple of weeks--but he came out of his shell and now he loves nothing more than to snuggle between us on the couch, to sit and watch baseball games with me, and to wear silly shirts and sweaters. Dougal loved to greet me at the door every day when I come home!" - Gregory Sheets, EAC Adoptions Coordinator

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, PetSmart Charities Be My Valentine Adoption Weekend will be taking place February 14-15 at our Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) in the PetSmart® store in Parma! 

During these two days of love, cat adoption fees will be reduced to $14 and kitten adoption fees will be $50! Learn more at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Meet Monster Jam athlete Bailey Shea & check out her 10,000-pound Scooby-Doo monster truck up close today! Visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) at the Parma PetSmart® store from 2-6pm TODAY!

Plus, if you adopt a furry friend now through February 14th, you'll receive TWO vouchers valid for a Monster Jam performance!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/scooby-dootm-truck-appearance-and-monster-jam-vouchers-for-all-cleveland-apl-adopters, In celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

"I adopted Leo as a companion for my dog in the fall of 2003. Leo was a 5 month old orange tabby kitten, and I adopted him from from the Cleveland City Kennels. That was my lucky day! He is now 11 years young, friskier than my other young cats, and has SO MUCH to talk about! Leo is an outgoing, kind & gentle soul who regularly cleaned my dog by licking her on an almost daily basis. He is the first cat I ever owned, and gave me so much appreciation of the fun and mysterious ways of the fine feline. I love Leo!" - Becca Britton, project CARE Manager

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, Want to meet Monster Jam athlete Bailey Shea & check out her 10,000-pound Scooby-Doo monster truck up close tomorrow? Stop by our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) at the Parma PetSmart® store tomorrow from 2-6pm!

Plus, if you adopt a furry friend now through February 14th, you'll receive TWO vouchers valid for a Monster Jam performance!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/scooby-dootm-truck-appearance-and-monster-jam-vouchers-for-all-cleveland-apl-adopters/, Throughout the week, in celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

Here is the love story of Mr. Giles and Madeline their mom Katherine Schneider, Offsite Adoption Coordinator:

"Although I’d wanted a dog since I was little, it wasn’t until I was 35 and met Mr. Giles (right) that I was finally able adopt one. All I knew about pit bulls (he’s an American bulldog/pit bull terrier mix) was that they were beautiful, misunderstood creatures, but what Giles taught me was so much more. Right from the start, he was a smart and loving companion who won me over with his soulful eyes and brooding nature. Since I’d never had a dog, I immediately signed us up for obedience classes and it wasn’t long until he proudly passed his Canine Good Citizen test."

"While I have always been an animal lover, Mr. Giles helped open my eyes (and my heart) to the plight of shelter animals in general and pit bulls in particular. Three years after he came into our lives, my husband and I adopted Madeline (left) from the Cleveland APL, a pittie who was neglected by her owners after over breeding her. Together, these two and their goofy, playful antics and unconditional love have changed me forever, and for this, they’ll always be my valentines."

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL this weekend: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, Are you ready for a "monster" of a good time? Visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store tomorrow between 2 and 6 p.m. to meet Monster Jam athlete Bailey Shea and check out her Scooby Doo™ Monster truck!

Also, adopt a furry friend now through this Saturday and receive 2 vouchers to Monster Jam this weekend!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/scooby-dootm-truck-appearance-and-monster-jam-vouchers-for-all-cleveland-apl-adopters/, Throughout the week, in celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

Here is the love story of a kitty named Alice and Sara Dillenkofer, Clinic Coordinator: 

"Alice was brought into the Cleveland APL through our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program. The two Good Samaritans who brought her in witnessed her getting hit by a car. When Alice arrived, she was examined by our veterinary team and diagnosed with nerve damage to her front left leg. I took her home for foster care to see if her leg could get any better. It did not improve and the best option was to remove it."

"It was pretty much a no brainer that I would adopt Alice!  She grew very attached to me and follows me around the house like my shadow. Alice has not been slowed down by only having 3 legs, in fact, I think she can jump higher than my other cats! Alice's favorite place to sit is in the crook of my elbow while we watch TV. She is the best cat and I wouldn’t trade her for the world! :)"

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, Get ready for Monster Jam by adopting a new furry friend at our adoption center in Tremont or at our PetSmart Charities EAC today through Saturday, February 14th and receive two vouchers valid for a Monster Jam performance this Sunday!

Also, make sure to stop by our EAC located in the Parma PetSmart® store this Thursday between 2 and 6pm to see Monster Jam athlete Bailey Shea and her 10,000 Monster truck Scooby Doo™!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/scooby-dootm-truck-appearance-and-monster-jam-vouchers-for-all-cleveland-apl-adopters, February is #AdoptARescuedRabbitMonth! 

Georgia (3 years old) and Peaches (1 ½ years old) are a mother/daughter pair of Californian/mix rabbits who were brought in by their previous owner. Although we would love for them to be adopted together, this is not required. They have never been around children or other animals and could benefit from lots of love and attention. They do not mind being petted, but can be a little skittish when they first meet you. If you are looking for love this Valentine’s Day, Georgia and Peaches will not disappoint! Please come down and meet them at our adoption center in Tremont!

More about Georgia & Peaches: http://bit.ly/1zTpzo1, Throughout the week, in celebration of our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday, we will be sharing love stories of Cleveland APL staff members and their furry friends!

Here is the love story of a beautiful cat named Zooey and Lauren Spisak, Lead Adoptions Associate:

"This is my cat Zooey. She was a neighborhood stray that I took in (along with her little kitten-sidekick, Franny) about 9 years ago. My neighbors had a desk out on their porch that she would sleep in and she would come meet me every day when I got home from work and make me pet her belly! Zooey was about 7 months old when I finally adopted the two kitties, and she loved to sleep on my chest whenever I was watching movies or reading. Nine years later, she still loves to snuggle right by my face and “smother” me with love!" 

Find your true love at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day, Do you find yourself craving some cuddly companionship instead of creamy candies?  Are you considering passing up a three course dinner date for a frolic with a four-legged friend?  If so, it sounds like you are ready to meet your perfect match this Valentine’s Day—the one with a warm heart and cold nose! 

We are reducing our cat adoption fees beginning Friday, February 13th through Sunday, February 15th. Our adult cat adoption fees will be $14 and our kitten adoption fees will be $50.  We will honor these reduced fees at both our adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue, as well as at our Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road.  (Regular adoption fees are $45 for adults cats and $95 for kittens.) More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/find-your-true-love-at-the-cleveland-apl-this-valentines-day/, Yesterday marked our 1,900th adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma! Pat, a sweet 8-year-old cat went home with her new parents after spending a little over three months at the APL. :), Adopt a furry friend at the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities EAC today through Saturday, February 14th and receive two vouchers valid for a Monster Jam performance!

Also, make sure to stop by our EAC located in the Parma PetSmart® store this Thursday to see Monster Jam athlete Bailey Shea and her 10,000 Monster truck Scooby Doo™!

All the info at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/scooby-dootm-truck-appearance-and-monster-jam-vouchers-for-all-cleveland-apl-adopters/, We assist and provide care for more than 15,000 animals every year at the Cleveland APL. Donations to the 2015 Annual Fund Drive gift will provide animals with lifesaving medical care, a safe and comfortable place to sleep, nutritious food, vaccinations, and love at every turn. 

Thanks to support from our generous donors, we can continue to help animals like Tea and Spoony—both of whom came to us needing a new family and a place to call home. Read more and learn how you can help today: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/2015-annual-fund-drive/, Make sure to download our FREE adoption app to view all of our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download the app today!, Want to enjoy a Lake Erie Monsters hockey game with your pooch? Mark your calendar for the 7th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, March 8. The Monsters will be playing the Chicago Wolves, and faceoff is at 3 p.m.

The Cleveland APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, visit groups.theqarena.com/apl and use the pass code “apl” to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!  More information: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/  #PucksandPaws2015, Our animals are loving their new blankets and toys that were made for them by the students of East Tech High! The students completed this fun project during our first spreadlove4:good Unity Day!  Spreadlove4:good is a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love. #SL4G SpreadLove, Our first spreadlove4:good Unity Day is coming to an end at East Tech High School. The students have worked hard to make lots of toys and blankets for the animals at the Cleveland APL! unite4:good Cleveland Cavaliers Kevin Love #SL4G, The students at East Tech High School are working hard to make blankets for animals at the Cleveland APL during our first spreadlove4:good Unity Day! Spreadlove4:good is a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love. #SL4G SpreadLove, The Cleveland Animal Protective League is thrilled to be included as a nonprofit organization in spreadlove4:good, a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player, Kevin Love. We are also excited to hear about Kevin’s love and compassion for animals! Continue to follow us on social media for updates about this exciting project! #SL4G  Learn more about spreadlove4:good: http://www.nba.com/cavaliers/community/spread-love-150106, Are you planning to do some shopping at SouthPark Mall tomorrow? If so, make sure to visit our adorable adoptables between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Center Court! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, February is National Pet Dental Health Month. How are your pet's teeth? Remember, dental care is essential for the health of your pets! 

Make sure to stop by The Pawtique retail shop at our adoption center in Tremont to purchase a pack of dental treats for your pet.
#NationalPetDentalHealthMonth, Meet Myers, a sweet 9 year old who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Myers does well with kids and dogs, but should not go to a home with other cats. Visit this sweet girl today!  http://bit.ly/1yR6Oic, Check out this article about a fantastic third-grade class at Westerly School in Bay Village who made dog bones and collected other items for animals at the Cleveland APL! Way to go, kids!, More than 60 percent of 145 cats confiscated from The Cat Crossing shelter in Cleveland are ill: Animals in the News via cleveland.com, February is #AdoptARescuedRabbitMonth! Throughout the month, we will highlighting our hoppers who are currently available for adoption! :)

Lucky is a handsome 1-year-old Californian rabbit who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray. Lucky a very sweet guy. He enjoys love and attention and does not mind being held. Lucky would be a great companion and is available at our adoption center in Tremont! 

More about Lucky: http://bit.ly/1I8QvqR, Dear Sacramento SPCA,

You challenged us to an adoption competition during the month of 
January to see who could find more animals loving homes. We wanted to put this video together to show you just how much Cleveland rocks adoptions!

Love,  the Cleveland APL
#ClevelandProud #CLERocksAdoptions

A special thank you to our media friends at Q104 - Cleveland, New 102 Cleveland, WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton, WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, 99.5 WGAR, SiriusXM Classic Vinyl, and Total Traffic & Weather Network, our amazing volunteers and staff, as well as all of the wonderful adopters and their furry friends for their participation!, Meet Baby and Harrison, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Make a difference for pets in shelters like ours! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R. We are proud to feed Hill's Pet Nutrition: Maker of Science Diet and Prescription Diet!, Thank you, Cleveland! We are happy to announce that the Cleveland APL has beat the Sacramento SPCA in adoptions during the month of January. The scoreboard reflects the final score!

What make us even happier, though, is that during this friendly competition, 732 animals found loving homes! #TeamWin #Adopt #CLERocksAdoptions, Make sure to download our FREE adoption app to view all of our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download the app today!, Are you and your furry friend getting ready for the big game? During the Super Bowl, make sure to follow Doritos on Facebook and Twitter (@Doritos) to check out their cute parody spot called "Puppy Daddy." For each like, share, and retweet of the #PuppyDad spot, Doritos will donate $1 to Pet Shelters Across America member shelters!

Make sure to also follow the Cleveland APL on Twitter @ClevelandAPL, as we will be sharing tweets of the spot for you to like, share, and retweet!

*The "super pup" pictured is Piglet, a sweet 1-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont!, We currently have an urgent need for clean bedding at the shelter.  If you have any towels that you're not using, please consider donating them for the animals in our care.  We're open today until 4 pm and weekdays from 11 am to 6:30 pm.  We and the animals thank you!, Join us for a “doggone good time” at Q104 - Cleveland’s 3rd annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk sponsored by the PUP Program at  Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District to benefit Cleveland APL!

Pups that attend the dog walk on Saturday, March 7 will have their pictures taken with the Easter Bunny. The dog walk will take place from 6:30 to 9:30 a.m. Admission is a donation to the Cleveland APL. (minimum $5) 
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, Today is the last day to adopt a furry friend for a reduced adoption fee!

 Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee today! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem to receive an additional $10 off of the adoption fee! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More information: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks... ADOPTIONS!

Help us show the Sacramento SPCA how much "Cleveland Rocks" by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee this today & tomorrow! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store! 

*Remember, you can adopt your new best friend for a reduced adoption fee today and tomorrow! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions, Today is the last day this month that our Cleveland Cavaliers will be taking on the Sacramento Kings. And, as you may know, we are competing with Sacramento in a different way – with adoptions!  Today and tomorrow are the final days of our adoption competition with the Sacramento SPCA. 

Cat adoption fees are just $20 and kitten adoption fees are $35 at both of our adoption locations. 

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions
 #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud, Check out this adorable video of Q104 - Cleveland's Aly Tanner and her Cleveland APL kitty, Jake!  #CLERocksAdoptions! #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees today & tomorrow at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Debrah wants to prove that Cleveland rocks... ADOPTIONS! This sweet kitty is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue).

Today & tomorrow only, adult cat adoption fees will be reduced to $20 and kitten adoption fees will be $35. We will honor these reduced fees at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, There are just 2 days left during our adoption competition with Sacramento SPCA! As you can see from the scoreboard, they are catching up! Help us show Sacramento just how much #CLERocksAdoptions by adopting your new best friend today!

Today and tomorrow, cat adoption fees will be reduced to $20 and kittens adoption fees to $35! 
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions, Are you looking for a furry friend to add to your family? Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee tomorrow & Saturday! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem to receive an additional $10 off of the adoption fee!  #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More information: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, We welcomed the students of East Tech High to our orientation for the spreadlove4:good program yesterday. Spreadlove4:good is a new initiative designed to inspire the students to perform acts of kindness and volunteerism in a way that is fun, competitive, and educational. It is a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player, Kevin Love. 

We look forward to working with the students for this project! Continue to follow us on social media for updates about this exciting project! #SL4G, null, null, Q104 - Cleveland's Fee's Kompany, along with the help of SpongeBob SquarePants, show their Cleveland APL love! #CLERocksAdoptions! #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees this Friday & Saturday at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Thank you to Alec, Will, Pat & Matt from Benedictine High School for helping our Development department team with some office projects as a part of their senior service project! Ozzy, our office cat helped supervise the project. :), null, On the last stop during Animal Planet's #UberPuppyBowl, our pups made a quick visit to Quicken Loans Arena! What a fun day had by all. Thanks to Animal Planet at Uber for including our puppies! Also, a big thanks to our wonderful volunteers for helping out. :), Check out TRG Reality's photos from their puppy visit today during Animal Planet's #UberPuppyBowl! :), Jakprints visit with Cleveland APL pups during the Animal Planet #UberPuppyBowl! Just one hour left to use the Uber app and get a 15 minute visit with some adorable pooches - http://blog.uber.com/puppybowl to learn how, Next stop during the Animal Planet  #UberPuppyBowl: Tackk.com! Get your 15 minute snuggle from Cleveland APL pups NOW!
Visit http://blog.uber.com/puppybowl to learn how, Babka and Banofee stopped by for a visit with ONOSYS Online Ordering! during #UberPuppyBowl! Animal Planet Uber

All of the details at http://blog.uber.com/puppybowl, The pups are heading out for #UberPuppyBowl! Today only, between 11 and 3pm, we will deliver 2 APL pups to you! For just $30, participants will have 15 minutes of snuggle time with pups, with every dollar from each visit donated directly to the Cleveland APL. Uber Animal Planet 

All of the details at http://blog.uber.com/puppybowl, Are you ready for some puppy love today? In preparation for the biggest event in canine sports history, Animal Planet’s PUPPY BOWL XI, the Cleveland APL is teaming up with Uber and Animal Planet to deliver adoptable puppies to animal lovers across Cleveland from 11 AM to 3 PM today only!

Request the “PUPPIES” option in your Uber app. For just $30, participants will have 15 minutes of snuggle time with pups, with every dollar from each visit donated directly to the Cleveland APL. #UberPuppyBowl #ClevelandAPL http://blog.uber.com/puppybowl, Q104 - Cleveland's Average Joe, his wife WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Kristin Byrne WEWS, and their adorable son and pooch show their Cleveland APL pride and sing  #CLERocksAdoptions!  #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees this Friday & Saturday at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks... ADOPTIONS!

Help us show the Sacramento SPCA how much "Cleveland Rocks" by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee this Friday & Saturday! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More information about this exciting adoption competition and reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, A big THANK YOU to Q104 - Cleveland's Average Joe for participating in a Charity Celebrity Poker Tournament at Horseshoe Casino Cleveland for the Cleveland APL! $500 was donated to the Cleveland APL thanks to Joe's participation!, Thank you to Elaine who came to our adoption center in Tremont over the weekend with donations that she collected for our animals at her birthday party!, Even our friends from Alpha Dog Marketing in Lincoln, Nebraska are singing about how much #CLERocksAdoptions!  #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about our exciting adoption competition with Sacramento SPCA at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Head to the NARI Home Show at the IX Center today and make sure to visit Rover, our mobile adoptions unit while you're there!  We will have wonderful dogs and cats available for adoption. What better way to improve your home than by adopting a new four-legged family member!, On Friday, January 30th, our Cleveland Cavaliers will be taking on the Sacramento Kings. The Cleveland APL will be competing with Sacramento in a different way – with adoptions!

A friendly competition between the Sacramento SPCA and the Cleveland APL will take place during the entire month of January. Help us beat Sacramento by adopting a furry friend this month! #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud #adopt
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento, Newlyn, a 6-month-old Plott Hound mix puppy, went missing from her home in Bedford yesterday. She was wearing a blue collar with tags on when she ran away. If you see Newlyn, please call her mom Rhonda at 216-849-5718. 

Also, please share this post to help us spread the word and find Newlyn!, Want to enjoy a Lake Erie Monsters hockey game with your pooch? Mark your calendar for the 7th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, March 8. The Monsters will be playing the Chicago Wolves, and faceoff is at 3 p.m.

The Cleveland APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, visit groups.theqarena.com/apl and use the pass code “apl” to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!

More information: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Headed to the NARI Home Show at the IX Center this weekend? Make sure to visit Rover, our mobile adoptions unit, while you're there to meet all of the furry friends who are waiting for loving homes! We will be there all weekend!, null, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, null, Meet Dusty and Sadie, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, null, Darla the puppy is having a ball with Cleveland APL volunteer Shari Sweeny at the NARI Home Show at the IX Center! 

If you are at the NARI Home Show today through Sunday, make sure to visit the adoptable animals from the Cleveland APL! There’s no better way to improve your home than by adopting a new four-legged family member!  More at: http://www.remodelohio.org/Main/Home.aspx, Check out New 102 Cleveland's Desiray's #CLERocksAdoptions video!  #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about the adoption competition at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Varejão, a handsome kitty named after Cleveland Cavaliers player Anderson Varejão, has a message for you, Sacramento SPCA!  #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about the adoption competition at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento, Thank you to everyone who generously purchased puppy pads for our puppies who are currently and will be spending time in foster homes! Your Amazon Wish List gifts are greatly appreciated!

If you would like to view all of the items that we are currently in need of, visit http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV., Meet Winky, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend!, All of the adoptable dogs at the Cleveland APL are excited share the news that 101 of your favorite furry friends are being released for the first time on Blu-ray Combo Pack!

Pongo, Perdita and their super-adorable puppies are in for thrills, hilarious spills and an epic action-packed adventure when they face off with Cruella De Vil, Disney’s most fabulously outrageous villainess

Enter here to win the classic 101 DALMATIANS DIAMOND EDITION, available February 10 - http://tinyurl.com/qgo59mw 
 
Also, make sure to visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ to view all of the wonderful dogs and puppies who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL!, Join us for a “doggone good time” at Q104 - Cleveland’s 3rd annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District to benefit Cleveland APL!

Pups that attend will have their pictures taken with the Easter Bunny. The dog walk will take place from 6:30 to 9:30 am and admission is a donation to the Cleveland APL. (minimum $5)  More at: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl, null, Staff members at the Cleveland APL have an important message to share with you!  #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about the adoption competition at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Did you know that today is National Hug Day? Celebrate this special day by giving your furry friend a warm embrace! :), Meet Keyser, a sweet 8-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL!, WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas and Leon Bibb - WEWS share their support for the Cleveland APL and animal adoptions during our friendly competition with Sacramento SPCA! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Learn more about the adoption competition at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Visit our Amazon Wish List and purchase a much-needed item for the Cleveland APL! Currently, we are in need of critical care food and puppy pads. Thanks for your support!, Hi, my name is Winky and I am looking for a home to call my own! I am 3 years old and have been at the APL for a little more than a month now. I am FIV positive, which means I have Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV), a disease that causes suppression of the immune system that may limit a cat's ability to protect itself against secondary infections caused by common bacteria, viruses, protozoa and fungi. 

Since FIV is contagious to other cats, I need to find a home where I will be the only cat. With proper care, cats who have FIV like I do can live long and healthy lives! I can't wait to find my happily ever after soon. Call the adoptions team at the APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 for more information about me or any other adoptable animal! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Tiana (center) along, with her sisters Callie and Daria, stopped in to drop off her collected donations for our animals! This was a part of Tiana's 3rd grade class project. Thank you for your kindness and support, girls!, There are lots of ways you can support the Cleveland APL. Check out all of the fun and exciting events happening in the community that will benefit the APL!, Nancy Alden, SiriusXM Classic Vinyl's Radio Host from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum and her nephew Kyle show just how much #CLERocksAdoptions! 

We are excited to report that 56 animals at the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities EAC found loving homes over the weekend! There is still time to adopt your new best friend and help us #BeatSacramento! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/ for more information about our friendly adoption competition., Today is the last day of reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL this weekend!

Help us show the Sacramento SPCA how much "Cleveland Rocks" by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee this weekend! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More information about this exciting adoption competition and reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Copper the pup and his new sister, along with the help of Stephanie Ash, APL Adoptions & Retail Supervisor, are showing that #CLERocksAdoptions!

Did you know that if you adopt ANY animal from the Cleveland APL today or tomorrow, you can sing the chorus to "Cleveland Rocks" and receive $10 off of the adoption fee? This is in addition to our already reduced cat and kitten adoption fees! 

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions
#BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud, null, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks... ADOPTIONS!

Help us show the Sacramento SPCA how much "Cleveland Rocks" by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee this weekend! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More information about this exciting adoption competition and reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store! 

Adopt your new best friend this weekend! Today through Sunday, adult cat adoption fees are $20 and kitten adoption fees are $35.  We will honor these reduced fees at both our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue, Cleveland ) as well as at our Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road, Parma)., Tarantino is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont!

Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store adopt your new best friend! Any adopter who is willing to sing the chorus of “Cleveland Rocks,” and allow us to capture a quick video of the performance, will receive an additional $10 off ANY adoption, including dogs, puppies, rabbits, and pocket pets. #ClevelandProud #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions, Do you need extra love and happiness during these cold, winter months? Jingle and Joy can give you just that!  Today's  #FosterFriday post features this sweet pair of 2-month-old pups who are in need of a loving foster home! 

If you are interested in fostering, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator by calling 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mailing foster@clevelandapl.org.

*If you are not currently a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer, please fill out an application on our website at: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/foster-care-application-and-waiver/., Friend of the Cleveland APL, Total Traffic & Weather Network's Faith Nezovich and her kitty Gibson share their support for the Cleveland APL and animal adoptions by singing our city's anthem with an adoption twist! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud

Did you know that if you sing this chorus while adopting your new best friend at our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities® EAC in the PetSmart® store in Parma, you will receive an additional $10 off ANY adoption? This is on top of our already reduced cat and kitten adoption fees today through Sunday!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Dusty, a sweet 2-year-old kitty, wants to prove that Cleveland rocks... ADOPTIONS! Dusty is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue).

Today through Sunday, adult cat adoption fees are $20 and kitten adoption fees are $35.  The reduced fees will be honored at both our adoption center in Tremont as well as at our Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road, Parma). 

* The fun doesn’t stop with reduced fees. To further show our Cleveland pride, any adopter who is willing to sing the chorus of “Cleveland Rocks,” and allow us to capture a quick video of the performance to share with our friends in Sacramento, will receive an additional $10 off ANY adoption, including dogs, puppies, rabbits, and pocket pets.  #ClevelandProud #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions, Sacramento SPCA - the Kings won the first game, but look who is winning on the adoption scoreboard! #ClevelandProud #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

Tiny (the adorable kitty pictured) is available at our adoption center in Tremont. This weekend only, Tiny's adoption fee will be reduced to $20!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, The Sacramento SPCA had a message for us yesterday... Stay tuned to see our response!  :), Help us show the Sacramento SPCA how much "Cleveland Rocks" by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee this weekend! While you're adopting your new best friend, you can show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem and receive an additional $10 off ANY adoption! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

More information about this exciting adoption competition and reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, null, Help! Our puppies who are currently in foster care are in need of puppy pads. Any brand will do! Want to purchase a pack or two online and have it shipped directly to the Cleveland APL? Visit our Amazon Wish List at http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV. Thank you!, To go along with our #CLERocksAdoptions promotion, we want to hear from you!

What's your favorite place in Cleveland to take your dog?, Perdy is the this week's Newsradio WTAM 1100 Featured Furry Friend!, Throughout the month of January, we are showing everyone that Cleveland Rocks Adoptions! To coincide with the two times the Cleveland Cavaliers will play the Sacramento Kings this month, the Cleveland APL has been challenged by the wonderful team at the Sacramento SPCA to an adoption competition.

To help find as many animals homes as possible, we are reducing our cat adoption fees this Friday through Sunday. Adult cats will be $20 and kittens will be $35!  Plus, you will get the opportunity to have ANY adoption fee reduced by an additional $10 if you sing the chorus of "Cleveland Rocks" and allow us to film you. We will be sending the video clips of the wonderful members of our community singing our city's anthem to Sacramento when we win!
More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/
#CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento, null, Live on Lakeside WKYC's Hollie Giangreco and Michael Cardamone are sharing their support for the Cleveland APL by singing our city's anthem with an adoption twist! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento

Did you know that if you sing this chorus while adopting your new best friend at our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the PetSmart® store in Parma, you will receive an additional $10 off ANY adoption? This is on top of our already reduced cat and kitten adoption fees this Friday through Sunday!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks, Cleveland Rocks... ADOPTIONS!  

Help us show the Sacramento SPCA how much "Cleveland Rocks" by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee this weekend! You can even show off your singing skills by performing the chorus of Cleveland's beloved anthem! #CLERocksAdoptions #BeatSacramento 

More information about this exciting adoption competition and reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cleveland-rocks-adoptions/, null, Check out the score! The Cleveland APL is leading the Sacramento SPCA in adoptions as of this morning! 

If you didn't know already, we have been challenged by the Sacramento SPCA to an adoption competition. Since the Cleveland APL is not known to back away from a challenge, and especially not from one that will benefit so many animals, the challenge was eagerly accepted. Our goal is simple: to find more loving homes for our adoptable animals during the month of January than the Sacramento SPCA does. 

Stay tuned for information about our reduced adoption fees this weekend... #ClevelandProud #BeatSacramento, UPDATE: Girldog (previously named Almond at the APL) has safely made her way home! Girldog's family called to update Cleveland APL staff today. She has lost a little weight and has a scratch on her nose but is doing well and is thrilled to be home! Girldog's family is overjoyed. Thank you so much to all who shared information about Girldog!, On January 30th, our Cleveland Cavaliers will be taking on the Sacramento Kings.  The Cleveland APL will be competing with Sacramento in a different way – with adoptions! A friendly competition between the Cleveland APL and Sacramento SPCA will take place during the entire month of January. Help us beat Sacramento by adopting a furry friend this month!

The adoptions scoreboard will be updated throughout the month with our total adoptions! #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud, We are thrilled to be included as a nonprofit organization in spreadlove4:good, a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player, Kevin Love. The Cleveland APL, along with four other local nonprofit organizations, will be paired up with teams of students for the duration of the spreadlove4:good project, working with them on volunteer projects.

Continue to follow the Cleveland APL on social media to keep up with this exciting project! #SL4G, Let's go Buckeyes!, Niko is the 10th and final member of the #ClevelandAPLBigTen! Niko is a 1-year-old Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Niko is a go-getter and would make a great addition to an active family. Niko's adoption fee will be reduced by $10 today only.

More about Niko: http://bit.ly/1wR7umJ, Buddy is the 9th member of the #ClevelandAPLBigTen! Buddy is 9 years old and sweet as can be. Buddy is FIV positive, but that doesn't mean he can't live a normal life! But, because Buddy is FIV positive, he should be the only cat in his home. Visit Buddy today at our adoption center in Tremont!

More about Buddy: http://bit.ly/1y5VzWI, Meet Perdy of the #ClevelandAPLBigTen! Perdy is a sweet 10-year-old Labrador Retriever/Basset Hound mix who was transferred to the Cleveland APL from another shelter. Adopt Perdy today and receive $10 off of her adoption fee.

More about Perdy: http://bit.ly/1IEZivJ, Libby is another member of #ClevelandAPLBigTen! Libby is 8 years old and is an affectionate fluffy girl who enjoys a good scratch. Visit this sweet kitty at our adoption center in Tremont today. Adopt Libby today and receive $10 off her adoption fee.

More about Libby: http://bit.ly/1AJlkeN, O H...

The veterinary team at the Cleveland APL is ready to cheer on our Buckeyes! Dr. Lash, Head of Veterinary Services (center), is a proud alumna of The Ohio State University College of Veterinary Medicine! She is holding Peaches the rabbit who will be available for adoption soon., Meet Rex, a member of  #ClevelandAPLBigTen! Rex is a 2-year-old Hound mix who is waiting for the perfect family to meet him at our adoption center in Tremont. This sweet boy is playful, fun and loving! Adopt Rex today and receive $10 off his adoption fee.

More about Rex: http://bit.ly/1IEMtRW, Meet Nitro, a sweet boy who has been waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL since June. 4-year-old Nitro came to us as a stray. He is very sweet, but a bit timid and would do best a home without children. 

Adopt Nitro at our adoption center in Tremont today and receive $10 off his adoption fee.  #ClevelandAPLBigTen More about Nitro:http://bit.ly/1KCKPEm, Tarantino is the next member of the  #ClevelandAPLBigTen! This handsome guy is a 2-year-old Pit Bull mix who LOVES to play with his toys. Adopt Tarantino today at our adoption center in Tremont and receive $10 off his adoption fee!

More about Tarantino: http://bit.ly/1y4UMa6, O-H-I-O! Cleveland APL staff members are showing their Buckeye pride today! 

The adorable pup featured in these photos is Azalea, a sweet and playful 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who is available at our adoption center in Tremont. Learn more about Azalea by visiting http://bit.ly/1DANaxD., Hazel and Tigger are two more members of the  #ClevelandAPLBigTen! These 13-year-old kitties are a bonded pair who are waiting for a loving home together.

Today only, receive $10 off of Hazel and Tigger's adoption fee in honor of the Ohio State game tonight!

More about Hazel and Tigger: http://bit.ly/14PwUK2, With the big Ohio State Buckeyes game taking place tonight, we thought we would get in on the Ohio State fun by sharing our "Big Ten" adoptable animals throughout the day today! The adoption fee for each of the ten animals we share will be reduced by $10 TODAY ONLY (at our adoption center in Tremont) in honor of our Buckeyes!

Meet Maggie Simpson, the first of the #ClevelandAPLBigTen! Maggie is a 3-year-old Chinese Shar-Pei/Retriever mix who loves to run and play. Visit Maggie today and receive $10 off her adoption fee.
More about Maggie: http://bit.ly/13bEzRN, Meet your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) today!, Did you hear? Tomorrow, January 11th and January 30th, our Cleveland Cavaliers will be taking on the Sacramento Kings. The Cleveland APL will be competing with Sacramento in a different way – with adoptions!

A friendly competition between the Cleveland APL and Sacramento SPCA will take place during the entire month of January. Help us beat Sacramento by adopting a furry friend this month! #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud #adopt
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Scottie wants the Cleveland APL to #BeatSacramento in adoptions, but more importantly, she wants to find a loving home!

Scottie came to the Cleveland APL as a stray in October. This beautiful girl is just 2 years old. Visit Scottie at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Scottie wants the Cleveland APL to #BeatSacramento in adoptions, but more importantly, she wants to find a loving home!

Scottie came to the Cleveland APL as a stray in October. This beautiful girl is just 2 years old. Visit Scottie at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Meet Jack, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, For the Cleveland APL, this month is all about being #ClevelandProud. Do you have a photo of your furry friend sharing his or her Cleveland pride? We'd love to see it in the comments section of this post!

* In case you haven't heard, a friendly competition between the Cleveland APL and Sacramento SPCA is taking place during the entire month of January. Cheer on Cleveland and help us #BeatSacramento by adopting a furry friend this month! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, Visit our adoption center in Tremont and meet Sadie, a 12-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a home. Sadie is a sweet girl who was surrendered to the APL by her owner. She does great with other dogs and children.

Help us #BeatSacramento in January by adopting your new best friend at the Cleveland APL! There are so many animals waiting to "score" a loving home!

More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, With such cold temperatures outside, this is the time of year when community cats are seeking out warm, dry shelter. You can help by building or purchasing a shelter. 

A cat shelter can be as simple as a Styrofoam cooler or Rubbermaid tote with a large hole cut in the side. Make sure to fill the cat house with straw (not hay or blankets). Straw does not absorb water and  acts a great insulator on cold, windy days. Visit http://www.alleycat.org/ShelterGallery to learn more about where to purchase a cat shelter or how to build one., Want to enjoy a Lake Erie Monsters hockey game with your pooch? Mark your calendar for the 7th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, March 8. The Monsters will be playing the Chicago Wolves, and faceoff is at 3 p.m. 

The Cleveland APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer. In order for the APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, visit groups.theqarena.com/apl and use the pass code “apl” to buy your tickets to this fun event for you and your pooch!

More information: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Cleveland Cavaliers player Kevin Love and unite4:good joined  students at Cleveland’s East Tech High School yesterday to launch spreadlove4:good, a program designed to inspire students to perform acts of kindness and volunteerism in a way that is fun, competitive and educational. 

The Cleveland APL is honored to be included as one of the five local nonprofit organizations that East Tech students will focus their volunteer efforts on throughout the project. spreadlove4:good teams and individual participants will earn points for each act of kindness and volunteerism in the program that will run from January through April 2015.

Read more about spreadlove4:good by visiting http://www.nba.com/cavaliers/community/spread-love-150106 #SL4G, Did you hear?? On January 11th and January 30th, our Cleveland Cavaliers will be taking on the Sacramento Kings. The Cleveland APL will be competing with Sacramento in a different way – with adoptions!

A friendly competition between the Cleveland APL and Sacramento SPCA will take place during the entire month of January. Help us beat Sacramento by adopting a furry friend this month! #BeatSacramento #ClevelandProud #adopt
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, We are thrilled to be included as a nonprofit organization in spreadlove4:good, a partnership between unite4:good and Cleveland Cavaliers player, Kevin Love. Spreadlove4:good is a new initiative designed to inspire the students of East Tech High School to perform acts of kindness and volunteerism in a way that is fun, competitive, and educational. 

The Cleveland APL, along with four other local nonprofit organizations, will be paired up with teams of students for the duration of the spreadlove4:good project, working with them on volunteer projects. 

Continue to follow the Cleveland APL on social media to keep up with this exciting project!  #SL4G, Visit our adoption center in Tremont and meet Muffin, a 2-year-old kitty who is waiting for a home. Muffin came to the Cleveland APL as a stray in December and is ready to find a family to call his own!

Help us #BeatSacramento in January by adopting your new best friend! More at: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, We wanted to share a few photos to show just how wonderful our donors are! Click on each photo to read about the caring people in our community who stopped by our adoption center in Tremont over the weekend to show their support for the Cleveland APL and the more than 15,000 animals we care for each year., On January 11th and January 30th, our Cleveland Cavaliers will be taking on the Sacramento Kings. The Cleveland APL will be competing with Sacramento in a different way – with adoptions! 

A friendly competition between the Cleveland APL and Sacramento SPCA will take place during the entire month of January. Help us beat Sacramento by adopting a furry friend this month! Look for more information in the coming days about reduced adoption fees at the Cleveland APL… https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/help-us-beat-sacramento/, We are excited to announce that we had our 1800th adoption at the PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma! Here is a photo of Thumper with her new family. :), Download our FREE adoption app to view all of our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download the app today!, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab. It's that easy!, Are you looking for a way to have fun AND support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn just how you can do that!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Head to SouthPark Mall tomorrow to meet some of our wonderful dogs and cats who are waiting for loving homes! We will be there from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. in Center Court. 

*Note: This adorable puppy who is modeling the new Cleveland APL "Adopt Me" vest has since been adopted, but we still have wonderful dogs and cats waiting for homes!, Viola is a beautiful 5-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray in October. Learn more about Viola by visiting http://bit.ly/1A1fmIi. Visit this sweet girl at our adoption center in Tremont today!, Meet Hazel and Tigger, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friends this week!, Kobe, one of our happy feline residents of the Cleveland APL's administrative offices is resting after his New Year's celebration!  How did you and your furry friend ring in the new year?, Happy New Year to you and your furry friends! Please note our adjusted holiday hours:

Our adoption center in Tremont will be closed today. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., As 2014 comes to a close, we would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your support, which allowed us to care for more than 15,000 animals this year alone. Your generosity makes all of the happily ever afters at the Cleveland APL possible. In order to help many more animals in 2015, we ask that you consider making one last donation in 2014. Not only will your gift help more animals in need, but you can also use your contribution as a tax deduction for 2014.

Visit bit.ly/Year-EndGift to donate today!, Do your pets have a New Year's resolution this year? Let's hear 'em!  #PetResolutions, Happy New Year's Eve to you and your furry friends! Please note our adjusted holiday hours:

On New Year’s Eve, our adoption center in Tremont will be open from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. and will be closed on New Year’s Day. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day., Girldog (previously named Almond at the APL) got away from her family near the Metroparks in Strongsville on Saturday, December 27. Her family is very worried about her. Girldog is rather shy and skittish. She was last seen in Strongsville near the corner of Eastland and Albion by the Metroparks. She did have her collar and tags on her when she ran away. She was also wearing pink ribbons.

All necessary animal control agencies have been contacted, as well as the Strongsville police. If you see Girldog, please call Melinda (Girldog's mom) at 216-269-3010., As 2014 comes to a close, we would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your support, which allowed us to care for more than 15,000 animals this year alone. Your generosity makes all of the happily ever afters at the Cleveland Animal Protective League possible. In order to help many more animals in 2015, we ask that you consider making one last donation in 2014. Not only will your gift help more animals in need, but you can also use your contribution as a tax deduction for 2014. 

Visit bit.ly/Year-EndGift to donate today!, Meet Libby, a sweet 8-year-old kitty who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray in September. Libby is an affectionate, fluffy girl who enjoys a good scratch! 

Visit Libby at our adoption center in Tremont today! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, What does beauty look like? Sara sees it in the wisdom and grace of older cats. That's what makes her love of "Pewter" and "Socks" so special. Watch Sara’s story at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R and discover what makes her an older cat's best friend. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, As 2014 comes to a close, we would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your support, which allowed us to care for more than 15,000 animals this year alone. Your generosity makes all of the happily ever afters at the Cleveland Animal Protective League possible. In order to help many more animals in 2015, we ask that you consider making one last donation in 2014. 

Visit https://t.e2ma.net/message/8wb45/opkefb to learn how you can help today!, It's a great day to adopt a furry friend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) to meet our adoptable animals!, Download our FREE adoption app to view all of our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download the app today!, Are you in need of a calendar for 2015? Purchase the Cleveland APL's Pet Calendar that includes photos of our area’s much-loved pets! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/purchase-your-cleveland-apl-calendar/ to order your copy today., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store!, Today's #FosterFriday post features Ozzie, a sweet 6-year-old Terrier mix who needs some extra TLC! This adorable guy had hip surgery and will need 4 to 6 weeks of foster care while he heals from his surgery and gains strength in his leg. 

If you are interested in fostering, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator by calling 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mailing foster@clevelandapl.org.

*If you are not currently a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer, please fill out an application on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/foster-care-application-and-waiver/., Tune in to 90.3 WCPN ideastream®'s The Sound of Ideas on Monday at 9 a.m. to hear our President & CEO Sharon Harvey and friends from Secondhand Mutts and One of a Kind Pets discuss pet adoption and other issues facing animals., Meet Pleco, a 6.5-year-old Fox Terrier mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. This handsome guy came to the Cleveland APL through our Dog Transfer Program and is ready to find a loving home!

Learn more about Pleco: http://bit.ly/1BcjZfr, Hazel and Tigger are sweet 13-year-old cats who are looking for a loving home together. These two cuties came from a home with another dog and children and were great with them. Visit Hazel and Tigger at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue)!, Merry Christmas to you and your furry friends! 

* Our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store are closed today. We will be  open tomorrow.  Our hours can be viewed by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/., null, Is your furry friend getting ready for the holidays today? Share a festive photo of your pet(s) in the comments section of this post! :), Happy Holidays! If you plan to visit the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont or PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store, please note our holiday hours:

Today, our adoption center in Tremont will be open from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. We will be be closed on Christmas Day. Our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and will be closed on Christmas Day., Lilith, Nitro, Libby and Oscar are just four of the many wonderful cats who are waiting for loving homes for the holidays at the Cleveland APL!  Visit them at our adoption center in Tremont between 11am and 4pm or at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) between 10am and 5pm today.

Adult cats are available for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65.

* For families whose holiday season is hectic or are traveling, the Cleveland APL also offers gift certificates for adoption. The usual adoption process will apply.

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/, Adopt your new best friend in time for the holidays!
Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) today and tomorrow. 

Adult cats are available for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65.

* For families whose holiday season is hectic or are traveling, the Cleveland APL also offers gift certificates for adoption. The usual adoption process will apply.

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/, Check out these festive holiday wreaths that are made out of towels and toys for the animals at the Cleveland APL! They were put together and donated by students from a 5th grade class at Roxboro Elementary School. On behalf of the animals at the Cleveland APL, thank you to the kind and caring 5th graders for your donation!, We just had to share this sweet photo of Lauren, Lead Adoptions Associate at the Cleveland APL, with Trixie!  This adorable pooch is a 4.5-year-old Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont.

Learn more about Trixie by visiting http://bit.ly/1B2hCfo.

Read about our reduced adoption fees by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/., There's nothing better than a sweet adoption photo to celebrate the holiday season! After spending more than three months at the Cleveland APL, Coco Strudel has found a loving family. 

Are you ready to give a loving home to a wonderful animal? Today and tomorrow only, adult cats are available for adoption for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s shelter location in Tremont and at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road.

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/., If your pet could pick one present to find in his or her stocking, what would it be?, Jordan and her family came to the Cleveland APL for a visit today and brought lots of donations including blankets, towels, and dog sweaters! Jordan's 5th grade class at Central School held a collection for the animals at the Cleveland APL. Thank you to all of the wonderful students, teachers and parents for your generosity!, Hazel and Tigger are sweet 13-year-old cats who are looking for a loving home together. These two cuties came from a home with another dog and children and were great with them. They were brought to the Cleveland APL due to allergies. Do you think this delightful duo would fit perfectly into your family? If so, visit them at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) today!

Remember, now through Wednesday, December 24th, adult cats are available for adoption for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s shelter location in Tremont and at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road. 

Learn more about our reduced adoption fees by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/.

Learn more about Hazel and Tigger by visiting http://bit.ly/1zVvDgD or calling our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Are you behind on your holiday shopping? If so, catch up at the Cleveland APL by purchasing our 2015 Pet Calendar! To purchase a copy, visit https://clevelandapl.org/purchase-your-cleveland-apl-calendar/ today!, Adopt your new best friend in time for the holidays! 

Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) today through Wednesday, December 24th. Adult cats are available for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/

* For families whose holiday season is hectic or are traveling, the Cleveland APL also offers gift certificates for adoption. The usual adoption process will apply., There’s no place like home for the holidays, and the animals at the Cleveland APL are hoping to experience just what that means this holiday season.

Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) today through Wednesday, December 24th and adopt your new best friend! Adult cats are available for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/

* For families whose holiday season is hectic or are traveling, the Cleveland APL also offers gift certificates for adoption. The usual adoption process will apply., Looking for a local gift to send family, friends, and clients this holiday season? Cleveland-based LOCLE box will be donating $5 for every box purchased back to the Cleveland APL. Choose from 4 gift boxes full of local artisan goods from Northeast Ohio and select Cleveland APL as your cause at checkout. Shop at https://loclebox.com/., There’s no place like home for the holidays, and the animals at the Cleveland APL are hoping to experience just what that means this holiday season. 

Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) today through Wednesday, December 24th and adopt your new best friend! Adult cats are available for only $10, kittens are available for only $25, and dogs over one year are available for $65. 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/

* For families whose holiday season is hectic or are traveling, the Cleveland APL also offers gift certificates for adoption. The usual adoption process will apply., Thanks to our friends at Cleveland Scene Magazine for helping us spread the word about our reduced cat, kitten and dog adoption fees now through Wednesday, December 24th!

Remember, these promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s shelter location at 1729 Willey Avenue in Tremont and at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! 

Are you ready to add a furry friend to your family? Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road) now through Wednesday, December 24th. Adult cats will be available for only $10, kittens will be available for only $25, and dogs over one year will be available for $65. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/, We had a wonderful visit today from an 8th grade class at Milkovich Middle School! The students collected donations for the animals at the Cleveland APL and loved stopping by to meet some of the furry friends who are waiting for loving homes!, Boots and Orion are both waiting for loving homes today at our adoption center in Tremont. 

Don't forget - Boots, Orion, and all kittens, cats and dogs over the age of one have reduced adoption fees today through Wednesday, December 24th!

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/, There’s no place like home for the holidays, and the animals at the Cleveland APL are hoping to experience just what that means this holiday season.  Currently, there many wonderful animals living at the shelter who want to be happy and we know that having a home sweet home for the holidays would be their #1 wish.

To help their holiday wish come true, the Cleveland APL is reducing adoption fees from Friday, December 19th through Wednesday, December 24th.  Adult cats will be available for only $10, kittens will be available for only $25, and dogs over one year will be available for $65. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s shelter location in Tremont and at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Rd.  (Regular adoption fees are $95 for dogs, $45 for cats, and $95 for kittens.)
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/

* For families whose holiday season is hectic or are traveling, the Cleveland APL also offers gift certificates for adoption. The usual adoption process will apply., There’s no place like home for the holidays, and the animals at the Cleveland APL are hoping to experience just what that means this holiday season.

Meet Champ, a sweet 3.5-year-old Hound mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Champ is a playful and curious guy who will need exercise and activity in his future home.

Learn about our reduced adoption fees beginning TODAY by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/.

Learn more about Champ by visiting http://bit.ly/1zEkoYB or calling our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Thanks so much to the students from Magnificat High School who visited today and dropped off donations from their Human Hands Advent project!!!, Are you behind on your holiday shopping? If so, catch up at the Cleveland APL by purchasing our 2015 Pet Calendar! To purchase a copy, visit https://clevelandapl.org/purchase-your-cleveland-apl-calendar/ today!, Looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL this holiday season? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn more!, Meet Joy,  Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, Meet Maggie Simpson, a 3.5-year-old Chinese Shar-Pei/Retriever mix who is waiting for a place to call home for the holidays. Maggie is an active girl who would do great with a family who loves to be run and enjoys the outdoors!

Maggie (and all dogs over 1) will have a reduced adoption fee of $65 this Friday, December 19th through Wednesday, December 24th!

Learn more about Maggie by visiting http://bit.ly/13bEzRN or calling out adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0.

Learn more about our reduced cat, kitten and dog adoption fees by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/., There’s no place like home for the holidays, and the animals at the Cleveland APL are hoping to experience just what that means this holiday season.  

Learn about our reduced adoption fees this holiday season by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/., At their annual "APL Critter Christmas Party" Saturday, the Rocky River Library collected more than $150 in cash donations as well as food, toys and treats for the APL's animals and supplies for our offices. We even found a home for one of our adoptable dogs! Thanks to Megan and the rest of the library staff for their continued generosity!, There’s no place like home for the holidays, and the animals at the Cleveland APL are hoping to experience just what that means this holiday season. 

Adoption fees will be reduced from Friday, December 19th through Wednesday, December 24th. Adult cats will be available for only $10, kittens will be available for only $25, and dogs over one year will be available for $65. These promotional adoption fees will be honored at both the Cleveland APL’s shelter location in Tremont and at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Rd.  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/theres-no-place-like-home-for-the-holidays/, Looking for a local gift to send family, friends, and clients this holiday season? Cleveland-based LOCLE box will be donating $5 for every box purchased back to the Cleveland APL. Choose from 4 gift boxes full of local artisan goods from Northeast Ohio and select Cleveland APL as your cause at checkout. Shop at www.loclebox.com!, Are you doing some online shopping this weekend? If so, remember to support the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League. Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support the APL every time you shop., Looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL this holiday season? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn more!, Stop by the Rocky River Library today for the “APL Critter Christmas Party” from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and make a furry friend's holiday dreams come true!

Drop off a gift from the Cleveland Animal Protective League's wish list (https://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/), meet wonderful animals looking for forever homes and a make a pet-friendly gift for your pet or donate to one in need. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Have plans tomorrow? Stop by the Rocky River Library “APL Critter Christmas Party” from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and make a furry friend's holiday dreams come true! 

Drop off a gift from the Cleveland Animal Protective League's wish list (https://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/), meet wonderful animals looking for forever homes and a make a pet-friendly gift for your pet or donate to one in need. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Today is  #FosterFriday! Are you ready to make a difference for an animal in need? Now is your chance!

Meet Turtle, Gabby and Denny - three wonderful animals who are in need of loving foster homes. Make sure to click on each photo we have included to learn more about the animals who are currently in need of a loving foster home. If you are interested in fostering, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator by calling 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mailing foster@clevelandapl.org.

*If you are not currently a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer, please fill out an application on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/foster-care-application-and-waiver/., Are you behind on your holiday shopping? If so, catch up at the Cleveland APL by purchasing our 2015 Pet Calendar! To purchase a copy, visit https://clevelandapl.org/purchase-your-cleveland-apl-calendar/ today!, Here is a sneak peek a tomorrow's #FosterFriday post, featuring Turtle, Denny and Gabby! 

Every Friday, we will be sharing photos of some of the wonderful animals who are currently in our care and in need of a loving foster home. Click on each photo we share to learn more about the animals who are currently in need of a loving foster home. If you are interested in fostering, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator by calling 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mailing foster@clevelandapl.org.

*If you are not currently a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer, please fill out an application on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/foster-care-application-and-waiver/., Jackson Galaxy, star of "My Cat From Hell" shared Noland and Lurlene's story! Check out the sweet video about this unlikely family that came together at the Cleveland APL.

More about Noland and Lurlene:
When Noland, a Terrier/Pit Bull mix, was brought to the APL, he was just one day old.  Noland's mother, Molly, was malnourished and not able to care for him, and his survival was of great concern. Our wonderful APL animal care team decided the best option would be to try placing little Noland with a litter of nursing kittens. Remarkably, mom cat Lurlene welcomed Noland into her litter as if he was one of her own, nursing him and giving him lots of TLC. After Noland and his new "family" spent some time in the home of an APL Foster Care volunteer, they were ready to head back to the APL to get adopted. Shortly after arriving back at the shelter, Noland, Lurlene and her four kittens all found loving homes!, Meet Pat, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, Are you planning on heading to the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont soon to adopt your new best friend? If so, make sure to take some time to visit our Pawtique retail store! We have new Cleveland APL winter apparel and lots of fun Christmas toys for your new furry friend! :), Meet Jack, a 1-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Jack is very sweet and loves to give kisses! 

Learn more about Jack by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/ or calling our adoptions staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., We would like to put out a big THANK YOU to Lee Mercer for building 6 cat shelters for the Cleveland APL's project CARE program!

Project CARE provides support to low income pet owners living on the west side of Cleveland. 

Becca Britton, project CARE Program Manager put out a special request for cat shelters for the many feral cats living in the neighborhood she serves, and was delighted to see 6 beautiful cat shelters waiting, and ready for delivery for the many cats in need!, Looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL this holiday season? Purchase an item off of our Amazon Wish List! http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV, Have you started your holiday shopping? We have one gift you can check off your shopping list - the Cleveland APL 2015 Pet Calendar! 

Purchase the calendar by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/purchase-your-cleveland-apl-calendar/ today!, The Cleveland APL has been given a tremendous opportunity to help more animals through an anonymous friend who has offered to match all donations to this appeal up to $20,000 if received by December 31. We are deeply grateful, but animals like Walter and Lucky will be even more grateful.

Read Walter and Lucky's stories and see how you can help today!
https://t.e2ma.net/message/cgx05/opkefb, It's the holiday season and we want to see your favorite holiday photos of your furry friends! 

If you have an adorable festive photo of your pet, share it in the comments section below! :), Let's get Monday started the right way with a Cleveland APL Happy Tale! 

Rosie, a sweet 1.5-year-old Bulldog mix went home with a loving Cleveland APL foster family last April. After arriving at the Titley family's home, they knew Rosie would become their new family member!

"Rosie (formerly Clarabelle) has made herself quite at home and we couldn't be happier! You can see her happy tail wagging in one 
picture. Rosie and my old boy Bodi are BFFs and cuddle buddies. We all love her so much!!" - The Titley Family

Are you interested in becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ for more information., Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios has unveiled the Cleveland APL Charity Ornament. For every ornament purchased, they will donate $5.00 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League. To order your ornament, visit http://madison-design-studios.com/cleveland/cleveland-apl-charity-ornament., Are you planning on doing online shopping this weekend? If so, remember the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League. Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop., Are you looking for a fun and unique gift to get your animal-loving family members and friends for the holidays? Purchase our 2015 Pet Calendar that features our area's much-loved pets!

Order your calendar now by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=562739, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Today is #FosterFriday! Every Friday, we will be sharing photos of some of the wonderful animals who are currently in our care and in need of a loving foster home. Click on each photo we share to learn more about the animals who are in need of a loving foster home.

If you are interested in fostering, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator by calling 216-771-4616, extension 136, or by e-mailing foster@clevelandapl.org. 

*If you are not currently a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer, please fill out an application on our website at https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/foster-care-application-and-waiver/., UPDATE: Rex has been found and is now back at the EAC!!!! Rex was brought back by the Parma Dog Warden. Thank you to everyone who has helped us get the word out about Rex., Thank you to all of our amazing volunteers who make a difference for the animals every single day at the Cleveland Animal Protective League. Whether our volunteers are walking dogs, fostering animals, helping with adoptions at our adoption centers or at an offsite event, or helping out in any other way, we are truly grateful to you.

Learn more about our volunteer program by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/., Happy Friday from Coco Strudel!

Coco is a 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Coco is a snuggle bug who would love to cuddle up with you! Coco has been at the APL since September and is ready to go home for the holidays!
http://bit.ly/1CMCe09, As of yesterday, 1,700 animals have been adopted from our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma! Featured in this photo is Bagel, who was adopted yesterday! :), Let’s kick off the holiday season with a fun contest! If you have been around town recently, you may have spotted one of our adorable Cleveland APL holiday posters. Pictured here is one of the 6 posters that are located around Cleveland. This specific poster is in a kiosk in Tremont at Kenilworth and West 14th street. This poster is your freebee!  If you’d like to participate in this festive and fun contest, your mission is to find the 5 other Cleveland APL posters around town and snap your photo by each one! Once you have all 5 photos, e-mail the photos and locations to contact@ClevelandAPL.org, with the subject titled “APL Holiday Contest”. The first person to find all 5 posters around Cleveland will win a Cleveland APL shirt!

The contest deadline is Friday, December 19th so get started today!

** Helpful Hint: All of the poster are kiosks similar to this one!, Purchase your tickets for Breakfast with Santa! The breakfast will take place on Saturday, December 6th from 8 to 10 a.m. $1 from each ticket sold will benefit the Cleveland APL!, Are you looking for a fun and unique gift to get your animal-loving family members and friends for the holidays? Purchase our 2015 Pet Calendar that features our area's much-loved pets!

Order your calendar now by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=562739, Super Piglet!

Meet Piglet, an adorable 1-year-old Pit Bull mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Piglet is a very active and playful pooch who loves her toys! Do you think Piglet is a good fit for you? Visit her today.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals, Check our WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's wonderful story about #GivingTuesday that aired last night which featured the Cleveland APL along with other local nonprofit organizations!, THANK YOU! Thanks to your support, we were able to raise more than $6,000 on #GivingTuesday! We are so grateful for your support and belief in our mission to foster compassion and end animal suffering.

Still want to make a donation to the Cleveland APL in celebration of this day of giving? Visit https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014., It's not too late to make a gift to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday! Participate on this day of giving and make a difference in the lives of the more than 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year.

DONATE NOW: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, Mo came to us through our Dog Transfer Program with the Jackson County Dog Pound. When Mo came to the Cleveland APL, he had serious injuries to his left eye and right ear. The sweet hound-mix puppy also was full of worms. Our veterinary team got right to work but his injuries were so severe that his eye and ear needed to be removed. After taking some time to heal, Mo made his way to the APL’s adoption floor, which is where he met his new family! Mo was picked by his new human sister and is so very loved by his whole family.   

Help us help more animals like Mo by making a donation to the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday!

DONATE NOW: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, Rex, a 2-year-old Hound mix was adopted yesterday. Shortly after going to his new home, his parents put him on a run. Rex had a harness and collar on and jolted at the end of the run and wiggled his body out of the harness. It is with sadness that we report that Rex ran away last night. He has last been spotted on Ridge Road in Parma near the Ridgewood golf course. He has a blue collar on but did not have tags yet.

The Parma Dog Warden has been notified. If you live in the Parma area, please share this post so that Rex can go home. His new parents love him and want him to come home. If you see Rex, please call the non-emergency police in Parma at 440-885-1234., Less and Larri are two one-year-old cats who were brought to the Cleveland APL by the case worker of a homeless person who lived in a small tent and provided food to a number of stray cats who lived by him. Unfortunately, the tent he was living in accidentally caught fire while Less and Larri were inside, and they sustained minor injuries. Both cats had singed fur and whiskers, and had to be monitored closely after for smoke inhalation. Larri had additional wounds on her body that required care. 

After spending a couple of weeks receiving care from the APL veterinary team, Less and Larri recovered and found a loving home together! 

Make a difference in the lives of more animals like Less and Larri  by making a donation to the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday!

DONATE NOW: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, Gambit is a 2-year-old Boxer who was tied to a front porch during one of the record breaking arctic blasts in January 2014. When the Cleveland dog wardens first found him, he was in horrible shape. He was emaciated, had frost bitten ears, and was covered in pressure sores and cuts.  Despite all of that, he was a happy, wiggly Boxer.  

Three days after arriving at the City of Cleveland Kennel, Gambit was transferred to the APL through our Dog Transfer program.  While at the APL, Gambit was neutered, treated for several GI issues, had a mass removal and received a dental cleaning. Then, Gambit went to the home of an APL Foster Care Volunteer where he spent more than 6 weeks recovering.  His mom is an APL “foster failure.”  She adopted him! 

Help us give more animals like Gambit their happily ever afters by making a donation to the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday!

DONATE NOW: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, Queenie, a beautiful Tortoiseshell kitty came to the Cleveland APL as a stray in need of medical help. When she arrived, it was discovered that Queenie was breathing very rapidly. Our veterinary team took x-rays and it appeared as though much of what should be filled with air in her chest was not.  

After the x-rays, our team decided it would be best to do an airway wash and found that poor Queenie had a severe lungworm infection and a secondary severe bacterial infection. After this discovery, Queenie was provided with the medical treatment that she so desperately needed. 

Today, we are happy to report that Queenie is breathing like a normal cat and is happy and healthy as can be! This special kitty is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont today.

Help us help more animals like Queenie by making a donation to the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday!

DONATE NOW: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, Two-year-old Blondie came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. Poor Blondie was badly injured. He had a large wound on his belly and another on his left rear leg. They were so bad, in fact, that the wounds fused together and had to be surgically separated and sutured.

Since Blondie's surgery and medical treatment, we are happy to report that he has gained some weight and is now a happy, healthy guy! Blondie is currently waiting for his new family to meet him at one of our offsite adoption locations, at the Petco store in Beachwood.

Help us help more animals like Blondie by making a donation to the Cleveland APL this #GivingTuesday!   

DONATE NOW: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, Susie Scot is a sweet 9-year-old Scottish Terrier who was brought in by our Humane Investigations department. After Susie arrived, it was discovered by our veterinary team that she had 3 mammary tumors – 2 were non-cancerous and 1 was cancerous. Susie also had a rubber band embedded in her leg. Her foot was swollen and she was limping. 

Our veterinary team got right to work, surgically removing the tumors. The rubber band was also removed and the wound was treated.

After Susie recovered from her treatment, she was ready to find a loving home. It didn't take long to find - just 3 days! Susie was adopted over Thanksgiving weekend and would not have been able to find her happily ever after without donations from caring people like you. 

Please consider supporting the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014. Help us to reach our goal of raising $5,000 on this national day of giving., After doing some holiday shopping on Black Friday and Cyber Monday, please think of the Cleveland APL on  #GivingTuesday, a national day of giving. Help us reach our goal of $5,000 tomorrow by making a donation to support the Cleveland APL and make a difference in the lives of the more than 15,000 animals who come through our doors every year.

Make a donation and learn more about #GivingTuesday by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/support-the-cleveland-apl-on-givingtuesday/., Open your heart and home - adopt a pet! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill's Food Shelter & Love™ program at  http://www.hillspet.com/food-shelter-love/about.html. We are proud to feed Hill's Science Diet!, AJ is a handsome 4-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. He is currently waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit sweet AJ today!, Shopping on Amazon this #CyberMonday? Make your dollars go further and support the Cleveland APL while shopping on Amazon Smile! Simply click http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and start shopping.

Amazon will donate 0.5% of the purchase price to the Cleveland APL!, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios has unveiled the Cleveland APL Charity Ornament. For every ornament purchased, they will donate $5.00 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League. To learn more, as well as other ways to support the APL, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Bring your pet for a special photo night with Santa Claus at SouthPark Mall tomorrow from 7 to 9 p.m.! 10% of all Santa Pet photos will be donated to the Cleveland APL.  Moochie & Company will be open for your shopping pleasure (or your pets shopping pleasure)., Get your tickets to Cleveland Pops Orchestra “Magic of Christmas” at Connor Palace in PlayhouseSquare! The performance begins at 2 p.m. on Sunday, November 30th. We will be in the lobby before and during the performance with adoptable cats and dogs!
Learn how to purchase your tickets by visiting http://www.clevelandpops.com/concert/magic-of-christmas/., Are you looking for a fun and unique gift to get your animal-loving family members and friends for the holidays? Purchase our 2015 Pet Calendar that features our area's much-loved pets!

Order your calendar now by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=562739, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!

Remember, today only, cats will be available for adoption for only $10 and kittens will be available for only $25.  Select dogs will have fees reduced to $50 at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma (6870 Ridge Road).
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Get your tickets to Cleveland Pops Orchestra “Magic of Christmas” at Connor Palace in PlayhouseSquare! The performance begins at 2 p.m. on Sunday, November 30th. We will be in the lobby before and during the performance with adoptable cats and dogs!
Learn how to purchase your tickets by visiting http://www.clevelandpops.com/concert/magic-of-christmas/., Pumpkin Pie and Cherry Pie are a sweet pair looking for a home today at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC to meet your new best friend today!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Ozzy, one of our happy feline residents of the APL administrative offices is full from Thanksgiving dinner! 

Do you have photos of your pet(s) enjoying the holiday? Share them in this post! :), This season’s most sought after – and most elusive – holiday desire is available now at the Cleveland APL: LOVE!  We are getting into the holiday spirit by offering reduced adoption fees to animal lovers who would like to add a cold nose with a warm heart to their family. 

TODAY ONLY, all cats will be available for adoption for only $10 and kittens will be available for only $25.  Select dogs will have fees reduced to $50 at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma.
Learn more:  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Happy Thanksgiving from the Cleveland APL!

Our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma is closed today. We will be back open tomorrow with reduced adoption fees!
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday, Please note: Our adoption center in Tremont and PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. Both locations will be back open on Friday with reduced adoption fees! 

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday, Meet Libby and Piglet, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Fill in the blank:

I am thankful for my furry friend because _________________., November is #AdoptASeniorPetMonth. 

Meet Zeik and Dawson,  a wonderful, bonded pair of cats who are waiting for a loving home together at our adoption center in Tremont. These sweet kitties are just over 8 years old and have spent their whole lives together. Zeik and Dawson are both large-boned, easygoing, cuddly older cats who would make a wonderful addition to any family!

Remember, this Friday only, adult cats will be available for adoption for only $10! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday, Adopt Love on Black Friday! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) this Friday. All cat adoption fees will be reduced to $10, kittens will be available for only $25, and select dogs will have fees reduced to $50.

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday, Are you looking for a way to give back this holiday season? Please consider making a donation to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday, a national day of giving that takes place on the Tuesday after Thanksgiving.

The Cleveland Animal Protective League relies solely on donations and program fees to investigate and prosecute animal cruelty in Cuyahoga County and assist more than 15,000 homeless animals a year through a variety of progressive programs. 

To make a donation now, please visit 
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2014, While you're out shopping for your Thanksgiving meal this year, please consider picking up an extra bag of carrots or dark, leafy greens for our little critters! The small mammals would love to get in on the Thanksgiving fun, too. :)

All donations can be dropped off at our adoption center in Tremont located at 1729 Willey Avenue. Please let adoptions staff at the front desk know you are dropping off a donation.

* Click on the photos included in this post to learn more about a few of the adorable small mammals who are currently waiting for loving homes!, Are you planning on doing online shopping this weekend? If so, remember the Cleveland APL when you do! When you do your holiday shopping at Amazon Smile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Cleveland Animal Protective League. Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 and support us every time you shop., Members of the Chi Delta Epsilon sorority at Cleveland State stopped by our adoption center in Tremont on Saturday to deliver 60 blankets for our animals. Thank you for your kindness and generosity!, Adopt Love on Black Friday! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store (6870 Ridge Road) this Friday. All cat adoption fees will be reduced to $10, kittens will be available for only $25, and select dogs will have fees reduced to $50. 

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adopt-love-on-black-friday, Are you looking to add a furry friend to your family? Visit the adoptable animals section of our website or download our free adoption app (for iOS and Android devices) to view them all today!, Are you looking for a fun and unique gift to get your animal-loving family members and friends for the holidays? Purchase our 2015 Pet Calendar that features our area's much-loved pets! 

Order your calendar now by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=562739, Kick off the holiday season with your furry friend and head to SouthPark Mall for Paws and Claus!  Your pet can have his or her photo taken with Santa  tomorrow from 7 to 9 p.m. in Center Court of the mall. 10% of the proceeds from all Santa pet photos will benefit the APL.
Learn more by visiting https://www.facebook.com/events/1636445693249115/, Thank you to Zoe and her Girl Scout troop for collecting lots of items for the animals at the Cleveland APL. The girls collected dog and cat food, cat toys, cleaning supplies and lots of other items. Zoe was excited to take a photo holding her beautiful sign by Dana, a sweet Chihuahua who is available for adoption! :), Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Hilda is ready for the holidays! This sweet, little Mrs. Claus is waiting for a family to go home with before the holidays. Hilda is a 4-year-old pug mix who came to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program in October. Visit sweet Hilda today at our adoption center in Tremont  located at 1729 Willey Avenue.

More about Hilda: http://bit.ly/1HvyW1d, UPDATE: Rex has been found and is doing well. He is currently in the care of APL staff and volunteers at the EAC in the Parma PetSmart store! Thank you to everyone for sharing and helping look for him.

Also, a big THANK YOU to Julie, the Animal Control Officer for Parma, for securing Rex and getting him safely back to the APL!!!!, Our Project CARE (Community Animal Retention Effort) program is in need of cat food, outdoor cat shelters and straw to keep outdoor cats warm! All donations can be accepted at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue). Please be sure to label your donation(s) for “Project CARE”. In-kind donation forms can be retrieved at our adoptions desk at the front of the building upon delivery. Thank you for your support!, This just in: Rex was seen in the parking lot of the apartment complex right across the street from the Parma PetSmart. He is still in the area and seems to be doing okay. If you see Rex, please call the APL at 216-771-4616 or after hours call the non-emergency police in Parma at 440-885-1234. Please share and help us find him!, Lost Dog!  Rex is missing in Parma.  Rex was last seen near the apartment complex on Greenwood View Drive and Ames Road.  Rex is a 2-year-old, male Hound/Boxer mix.  If you see him, please call the APL at 216-771-4616 or after hours call the non-emergency police in Parma at 440-885-1234.  Please share and help us find him!, Winston, a 9-year-old orange tabby cat was waiting for a loving place to call home when he met Valerie. Read Winston's touching adoption story., At our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) gala that took place on Saturday, November 1, we shared stories of two VIPs (Very Important Pooches) who had been through so much before arriving at the Cleveland APL. Thanks to the generous people who support our Second Chance Program, we were able to provide them with the medical care, love and attention they so desperately needed.

Mo was one of the two VIPs of the evening. Here is Mo's story.

Learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, Have you ordered your 2015 Pet Calendar yet? This year's calendar features Fergie and Max, the two adorable pooches on the cover, and hundreds of other much-loved pets inside! 

The calendar will make a wonderful gift for the holidays so make sure to buy yours today! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=562739, Are you looking for something fun to do this Saturday night? Check out Cleveland Comedy Festival's Punchline for Pets at PlayhouseSquare! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn more about the two shows offered that will benefit the Cleveland APL!, Meet Esmeralda and Popeye, our Pets of the Week! Esmeralda is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Popeye is waiting to meet his future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week to learn more about our Pets of the Week!, We received a wonderful APL Happy Tale today. Read the sweet note from Lola's mom and hear about how she is doing today:

"I saw a picture of Lola (formerly, Snowball) on the APL website this past August, and had an intuition that she'd be a wonderful addition to my home. Turns out I was right. Lola is a goofy, playful girl who loves to play fetch, go for 4-mile runs, and cuddle throughout the night. She's a lovebug, and a complete blessing!" - Anna

Want to submit your Cleveland APL Happy Tale? Send it to us at Contact@ClevelandAPL.org along with a photo of your furry friend!, There are so many fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL during the holiday season. Learn more by visiting:
https://t.e2ma.net/message/k2vw5/opkefb.

Would you like to receive our future eNewsletters? Sign up to receive them right on our Facebook page by clicking on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab and enter your email address. It's that easy!, We received a very special gift yesterday at the Cleveland APL! The 4th graders at Metro Catholic School held a fundraiser so they could purchase items that we are in need of off of our Amazon Wish List. On behalf of all of the animals at the Cleveland APL, thank you for your kindness and generosity. 

Are you interested in purchasing an item off of our Amazon Wish List? Visit http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV to view our full wish list which lists items that we are in need of including dog toys, treats and much more!, Begin your holiday shopping at the Cleveland APL this year! Our 2015 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase. Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar for your animal-loving family and friends and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each. Place your order by visiting: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2015PetCalendarOrder, November is #AdoptASeniorPetMonth. In honor of this special month, we will be featuring some of our furr-tastic senior pets who are available for adoption.

Meet Kolby, an 8-year-old Beagle mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. Kolby was surrendered to the APL by his owner who could no longer care for him. This sweet and playful boy gets along great with kids and other dogs! Does Kolby sound like your perfect match? Visit him today!

Learn more about Kolby: http://bit.ly/1zwu9HC, At our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) gala that took place on Saturday, November 1, we shared stories of two VIPs (Very Important Pooches) who had been through so much before arriving at the Cleveland APL. Thanks to the generous people who support our Second Chance Program, we were able to provide them with the medical care, love and attention they so desperately needed.

Caesar was one of the two VIPs of the evening. Here is his story:
http://youtu.be/JnAE4g4fqMQ

Learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, Today is the last day of PetSmart Charities National Adoption Weekend! Visit our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located in the PetSmart® store in Parma to adopt your new best friend!

*** Reduced adoption fees: Cat adoption fees are reduced to $10 and kitten adoption fees are reduced to $25 at the EAC.

EAC Hours: Sunday – 11am to 5pm

EAC Location: 6870 Ridge Road, Parma, Our 2015 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each. Place your order by visiting: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2015PetCalendarOrder, Look who went home this week!

 Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Our sweet, senior boy, Johnny Cakes went home yesterday and his new adopters shared this wonderful update with us today:  

Good morning!  We brought Johnny home yesterday, so I just wanted to drop you a note to let you know  how he did.  What a sweet guy!  He’s so good!   He’s housetrained & lets us know when he needs to go out.   He doesn’t like our stairs, so he slept downstairs last  night by himself & did great!  He was very happy to see us this morning. He walks great on a leash!  I don’t understand how someone can give up such a sweet dog!   He made himself right at home.
 
 Thank you for taking care of our new baby till we found him!

We say thank YOU for adopting and for taking the time to share this happy tail with us.  It warms our hearts to know how well our dear animals are adjusting to their new homes--and how much they are loved., Cleveland Comedy Festival will be doing two stand-up comedy shows called Punchlines for Pets to benefit the Cleveland APL on Saturday, November 22. Shows will be at PlayhouseSquare’s Kennedy’s Theatre at 7:30 pm and 9:30 pm. To learn more, as well as other ways to support the APL, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, It's a wonderful day to adopt a furry friend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store (6870 Ridge Road) to meet your new best friend!, Kat is a handsome 4-year-old kitty who can’t wait to find a loving home. Kat is a little shy at first but very friendly. Visit this wonderful guy at our adoption center in Tremont!, PetSmart Charities National Adoption Weekend will take place tomorrow through Sunday! Visit our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located in the PetSmart® store in Parma to adopt your new best friend!

*** Reduced adoption fees: Cat adoption fees will be reduced to $10 and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $25 at the EAC.

EAC Hours: Monday – Saturday – 10am to 8pm, Sunday – 11am to 5pm

EAC Location: 6870 Ridge Road, Parma, Cleveland-based Madison Design Studios has unveiled the Cleveland APL Charity Ornament. For every ornament purchased, they will donate $5.00 to the Cleveland Animal Protective League. To learn more, as well as other ways to support the APL, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Download our FREE adoption app to view our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download today!, PetSmart Charities National Adoption Weekend will take place this Friday, November 14th through Sunday, November 16th. Visit our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located in the PetSmart® store in Parma to adopt your new best friend!

*** Reduced adoption fees: Cat adoption fees will be reduced to $10 and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $25 at the EAC.

EAC Hours: Monday – Saturday – 10am to 8pm, Sunday – 11am to 5pm

EAC Location: 6870 Ridge Road, Parma, Are you looking for a way to help the APL? Visit our Amazon Wish List and purchase an item that we are in need of! 

* While shopping on Amazon, make sure to visit AmazonSmile first! On AmazonSmile, you'll find the same shopping experience you would on Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! Simply visit smile.amazon.com and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" and start shopping! Thank you for your support!, Piggers is a two-year old male guinea pig who is available and waiting for his new home: Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/, Are you looking to add a furry friend to your life? We have lots of wonderful animals available for adoption. Visit our website to view them all today! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Don’t just take your dog for a walk… Take your Walk for a Dog! Go to WoofTrax.com, download the app on your Android or iOS device, and support the Cleveland Animal Protective League every time you walk!, Thanks so much to Audrey and Claudia who stopped in today to drop off as a donation proceeds from their muffin stand!, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab. It's that easy!, Download our free adoption app to your Android or iOS device and view all of our adoptable animals! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or Google Play to get started!, Today, as a thank you to all of the amazing men and women who have served our country, both past and present, the Cleveland Animal Protective League is offering veterans waived adoption fees on all cats, kittens, and small mammals, as well as on select dogs. The promotion is taking place at our adoption center in Tremont and our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma.

Today, veterans may adopt any cat, kitten, or small mammal, or a dog over 2 years old, and qualify for a waived adoption fee. Veterans must present military ID or other proof of service. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/petsforvets/, As a thank you to all of the amazing men and women who have served our country, both past and present, on this Veteran’s Day, Tuesday, November 11th, the Cleveland Animal Protective League is offering veterans waived adoption fees on all cats, kittens, and small mammals, as well as on select dogs.  The promotion will take place at our adoption center in Tremont and our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart store in Parma.    

Tomorrow, veterans may adopt any cat, kitten, or small mammal, or a dog over 2 years old, and qualify for a waived adoption fee.  Veterans must present military ID or other proof of service. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/petsforvets/, THANK YOU!!! We are so happy for the 202 cats and kittens (as well as 8 dogs, 1 guinea pig, and 2 rats) who found their happy endings this weekend!!
We reached out with our urgent request to consider adding a feline member to your family--so we could help the many cats coming into our shelter--and so many wonderful people did!  We rarely see empty cages here at the APL, and we already have new occupants slated to fill these cages.  Now, they will get their chance to be home for the holidays., Bojangles is one of the many adorable and wonderful dogs at the Cleveland APL. Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Are you looking for a fun way to support the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ for more information!, As a thank you to all of the amazing men and women who have served our country, both past and present, on this Veteran’s Day, Tuesday, November 11th, the Cleveland Animal Protective League is offering veterans waived adoption fees on all cats, kittens, and small mammals, as well as on select dogs.  The promotion will take place at our adoption center in Tremont and our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart store in Parma.    

This Tuesday, November 11th, veterans may adopt any cat, kitten, or small mammal, or a dog over 2 years old, and qualify for a waived adoption fee.  Veterans must present military ID or other proof of service.     https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/petsforvets/, Our 2015 Pet Calendar is now available for purchase! Buy a copy of this beautiful calendar and support the Cleveland APL. Calendars are $10 each. Place your order by visiting: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2015PetCalendarOrder, Visit PetPeople in Strongsville tomorrow to meet some of our adoptable animals who are waiting for loving homes! We will be there from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.!, Do you love animals? Do you want to make a difference in the community? Consider joining our team of amazing volunteers! Getting involved is easy – attend our volunteer orientation that will be taking place on Saturday, November 15 at 10:30 a.m. at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Avenue, Cleveland). The orientation lasts about 90 minutes. You’ll learn all about the Cleveland APL and the many ways you can get involved!, Are you looking for a lovable, sweet feline friend to add to your family? We have lots of cats and kittens at the Cleveland APL who are currently available for adoption. Visit our adoption center in Tremont today and adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee of $5!

Learn more - http://bit.ly/1vJjCVR, Head over to SouthPark Mall tomorrow from 11:00 a.m. to 3 p.m. to meet some of our wonderful adoptable animals!, Ohio House Bill 274, also known as “Goddard’s Law,” passed out of the House of Representatives in December 2013 and was immediately assigned to the Senate Agriculture Committee. The bill has now stalled at the committee level. Hearings where testimony is given that will guide the committee’s vote and recommendation to move the bill to the full Senate floor for a vote still need to be scheduled.

What major changes does HB 274 make for companion animals (cats, dogs, and any animal living in a residential structure) under Ohio law?  Read more about HB 274 and learn about how you can take action and support the bill by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/animal-advocacy/., November is #AdoptASeniorPetMonth. Throughout the month, we will be featuring some of our furr-tastic senior pets who are waiting for loving homes. 

Meet Rocky, an 11-year-old Shih Tzu/Mix who would make a perfect family dog! He was surrendered to the APL when his previous owner was moving in early October. He is house trained, has been kept mainly indoors and was around children from 3-11 years old and was good with them. Rocky does not like other pets and we recommend that he is only pet in the home. Rocky is very laid back, but he still has bursts of energy. He loves to be pet and cuddle in your lap. He is available for adoption at the PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store. http://bit.ly/1vVXYxB, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!  

Visit our adoption center in Tremont today or tomorrow to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee of $5., Cat numbers have reached a CRITICAL level at the Cleveland APL due to Humane Investigations cases. In order to help more cats, we are reducing adoption fees to $5 for cats and kittens this today & tomorrow at our adoption center in Tremont.

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of our adoptable animals who are waiting for loving homes and come down and meet them today!, In honor of #AnimalShelterAppreciationWeek, we want to hear your adoption stories along with a photo of your furry friend!

When did you adopt your pet? Did you pick your pet, or did you pet pick you? Share your adoption story in the comments section below!, It's lunchtime for sisters Beep-Beep and Nicole. Watch this adorable video! Visit these cuties at our adoption center in Tremont today!
www.clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions, Cat numbers have reached a CRITICAL level at the Cleveland APL due to Humane Investigations cases.  In order to help more cats, we are reducing adoption fees to $5 for cats and kittens this Friday & Saturday at our adoption center in Tremont.

*** Mention this Facebook post when you come to our adoption center in Tremont TODAY and we will honor the $5 adoption fee a day early!

Visit the Cleveland APL and meet all of our amazing cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes. One cat (pictured) is a sweet boy named Dawson. Learn more about the reduced adoption fees and all of our wonderful animals who are waiting for homes by visiting  http://bit.ly/1vJjCVR, Mr. Clyde is one of the MANY wonderful cats currently available at our adoption center in Tremont. This sweet 9 year old was surrendered to the Cleveland APL by his owner who could no longer care for him. Now, he's waiting for a loving family to come meet and fall in love with him.

Visit Mr. Clyde and our other wonderful cats and kittens Friday and Saturday. Cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to just $5! 
Learn more: http://bit.ly/1vJjCVR, In the last few days, our Humane Investigators have been called to assist with other situations involving a total of over 50 cats that need our help. This is on top of the other 154 cats we brought in last week alone who just needed a second chance. 

We need to find good homes RIGHT NOW for the wonderful cats who are currently available for adoption at the Cleveland APL so we can open up the badly needed cages and provide these new cats with the care and space they need to recover.

For that reason, this Friday and Saturday only, cats and kittens will be available for adoption for only $5 and a second cat or kitten for only $20 at our adoption center in Tremont.  Please help us spread the word so we can help these cats! (Regular adoption fees are $45 for adult cats and $95 for kittens.) http://bit.ly/1vJjCVR, Are you looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL? Purchase a much needed item off of our Amazon Wish List. Our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program is in need of cat food. View our full Amazon Wish List at http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV, During Saturday evening’s Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) gala, we shared a video about just a few of the many special animals whose lives have been changed forever thanks to donations to our Second Chance Program. Please take few minutes to watch the stories of Mochi, Spike, Norman and Sherman and see what your donations can do for these wonderful animals. To learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help make a difference, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/., This week is Animal Shelter Appreciation Week. In honor of this special week, we are sharing some of the many ways that you can support the Cleveland APL!

Adopt!  Visit https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ to view all of our adoptable animals, including Marshmallow Nose (who is pictured in this graphic).

Donate!  Since we receive no government funding, the Cleveland Animal Protective League relies on generous friends like you to make a difference in the lives of the animals for whom we shelter, rescue, and provide assistance.Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/make-a-donation/ to make a donation to support the Cleveland APL.

Volunteer!  Visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/ to learn more about how you can get involved and become a Cleveland APL volunteer.

Foster!  Visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/ to learn more about becoming a Foster Care volunteer.

There are lots of other ways to support the Cleveland APL, so visit https://clevelandapl.org to learn more about our organization., Our annual gala fund-raiser, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) was held on Saturday, November 1, at the InterContinental Hotel Cleveland. More than 430 guests enjoyed wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from two VIPs (Very Important Pooches), Mo and Caesar. Guests helped the Cleveland APL to raise nearly $270,000 to benefit our Second Chance Program, which provides veterinary care for animals who need another chance!

Learn more about our Second Chance Program by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/., Are you looking to help the small mammals at the Cleveland APL? Here are a few items we are in need of:

- 40 gallon aquarium tanks for rats like Sheldon (pictured) to stay in.
- Rat wheels
- Gift cards of any amount to Marc's. The gift cards will help us purchase fresh veggies and fruits for our small mammals when needed.

View our full Wish List by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/.

Want to shop Amazon? Visit our Amazon Wish List at http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

Thank you for your support!, Are you looking to add a furry friend to your family? View all of our wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/. 

Have an Android or iOS device? Download our FREE adoptions app by searching for "Cleveland APL" in your App Store or Google Play!, Just a few of the many wonderful and heart warming moments at this evening's Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) that benefitted our Second Chance Program., The iconic Terminal Tower in Cleveland will glow purple tonight from 7 p.m. to midnight in celebration of the Cleveland Animal Protective League and our annual Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala fund-raiser! Tonight's event will benefit our Second Chance Program. 

If you are out and about downtown tonight, make sure to snap a photo of the Terminal Tower and share it on social media using the hashtag #PurpleForTheCAPL! 

Learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/
#give10, Meet Coffee, a sweet kitty who has been at the APL waiting for a home for almost a year.  Visit Coffee at our adoption center in Tremont and give this girl a loving home she so deserves!

Learn more about Coffee:http://bit.ly/1tZ82Lb, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, We have three wonderful FIV positive kitties who are available for adoption. Check out these sweet photos of Sunshine, Waffles and Stanley and read about the myths versus the facts about cats with Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV)., The iconic Terminal Tower in Cleveland will glow purple tomorrow night from 7 p.m. to midnight in celebration of the Cleveland APL and our annual Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball) gala fund-raiser, which benefits our Second Chance Program.

Learn more about our Second Chance Program and how you can help: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program
#give10, Today is the very last day of Pitties & Kitties! Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont and meet all of our adoptable animals!

Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes are reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter. Also, cat and kitten adoption fees are reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL.

Learn more about Pitties & Kitties: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, This week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Audreana Moody, Adoptions Receptionist along with Petey:

"Petey is a 13-year-old Nanday Conure Parrot who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Petey has a small vocabulary and loves to sing “The ants go marching by”. He loves sunflower seeds and peanuts. Visit this sweet guy today!"

Learn more about Petey: http://bit.ly/1xG2oL8, There have been so many adorable pet Halloween costume photos posted on social media recently. Cleveland APL staff couldn't resist sharing photos of our own furry friends dressed up for the spooky day!

Do you have a photo of your pet in his or her costume? Share it in the comments section below! :), Stop by our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma all day (10 a.m. to 8 p.m.) this Friday for the 2nd annual Trick AND Treat! 

We'll be handing out bags of treats for visitors to give to our wonderful dogs who are available for adoption. On each dog's kennel card, we will have the “tricks” he or she can do listed, such as sit and stay. Feel free to reward the doggies with a treat!  The treats will be provided, but any donations (such as treats or any other wish list item - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/) are greatly appreciated as always! 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/ for location information., Today is #NationalCatDay! Celebrate this special day by visiting our adoption center in Tremont to adopt a cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee of $10 today through Friday! Some of our wonderful cats who are available for adoption are pictured in this graphic. 

Have you adopted a cat or kitten from the Cleveland APL? We would love to hear how you will be celebrating today with you kitty companion! Make sure to share in the comments section below., Did you know that October is #NationalPitBullAwarenessMonth? Now through the end of October, adoption fees for all Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes are reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter. Also, cat and kitten adoption fees are reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL.

Learn more about Pitties & Kitties: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Bojangles, a sweet 7-year-old Boxer mix does the cutest thing with his paw when our Dog Behavior Manager asks him to stay! Come meet this handsome guy at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. http://bit.ly/1v9W5x5, Help us make a difference for dogs and cats in need! Volunteer, donate, adopt!  Learn more about our partnership with the Hill’s Food
Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R. 

We are proud to feed Hill’s Science Diet!, Are you looking for the purrfect addition to your family? This sweet kitty's name is Coffee and she is almost 5 years old. She has been at the APL waiting for a home for almost a year and she is ready to find one today! Visit Coffee at our adoption center in Tremont and give this girl a loving home!

Remember, Coffee can be adoption for just a $10 adoption fee now through the end of October during Pitties & Kitties!

Learn more about Coffee:http://bit.ly/1tZ82Lb
Learn more about Pitties & Kitties: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, This Thursday, the 100th Bomb Group Restaurant will have their Halloween MASH Bash featuring dancing, a costume contest, live music, spooky games and drink specials! Come and join us for a great cause and a lot of fun! A percentage of the proceeds will be donated to Cleveland Animal Protective League!

Learn more: http://bit.ly/1uReRJu, Did you know that October is #NationalPitBullAwarenessMonth? Now through the end of October, adoption fees for all Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter. Also, cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL.

Celebrate Pitties & Kitties by adopting your new best friend!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Crocker Park's annual Halloween Pet Costume Contest is taking place tomorrow! The contest will take place on Main Street, between Gymboree and Francesca’s Collection.  First, second and third place prizes will be awarded to the pets with the scariest, cutest and most original costumes. All proceeds made this day will be donated to the Cleveland APL and registration is $5 per pet.

* Rover, the APL’s mobile adoption RV, will also be at the event from noon to 3 pm with kitties and pooches looking for good homes. (They may even preform tricks for treats!) All cats and kittens will be $10!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! 

Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont during Pitties & Kitties! Pits and Pit mixes are available for adoption for $50 (including license fee) and cats and kittens are available for just $10 now through the end of October! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, This edition of  #PhotoCaptionFriday features Kobe and Ozzy, the happy feline residents of the APL administrative offices. The boys are resting up a week (and a day) before our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) gala!

What's your clever caption for this photo?, Are you ready to add a new furry friend into your family? Visit the Cleveland APL during Pitties & Kitties now through the end of October!

Adoption fees for all Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont, and at the City of Cleveland Kennel and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter! Also, cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL.

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, The Cleveland APL's Humane Investigations hotline receives thousands of calls each year from people who care enough to take the time to report suspected animal abuse or neglect in our community. How are we able to investigate these reports?  What allows our incredible Humane Investigations team to work with prosecutors to seek justice for the victims and punishment for the offenders of these horrific crimes? The answer is simple – your donations. 

Learn how you can help animals in need in our community: http://bit.ly/1tmruQ2, Hocus & Pocus are rockin’ out in their metal head Halloween costumes! Learn more about these two cuties by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/.

Remember, you will receive a free Halloween costume for your pet with any adoption at our adoption center in Tremont while supplies last!, Crocker Park’s annual Halloween Pet Costume Contest is taking place this Saturday, October 25! The contest will take place on Main Street, between Gymboree and Francesca’s Collection. First, second and third place prizes will be awarded to the pets with the scariest, cutest and most original costumes. All proceeds made this day will be donated to the Cleveland APL. Registration is $5 per pet.
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Red House is the first Pit Bull mix to get adopted during Pitties & Kitties at the Cleveland APL! This sweet girl went to her new home yesterday.

Learn more about Pitties & Kitties by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/ and view all of our adoptable animals at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/., In honor of  #AdoptaShelterDogMonth we would like you to fill in the blank:

I love my shelter dog because ____________., Thank you to everyone who shared photos and information about Paris, the wonderful 7-year-old kitty who has been with us for over a year! We are thrilled to report to you that Paris has found a loving home with her new mom. :), Paige stopped by our adoption center in Tremont today to drop off donations that she received for her 8th birthday! She kindly asked for donations for the APL instead of presents this year. We are so grateful for your generosity and kindness, Paige. Thank you and happy birthday!, Meet Lyla and Cat, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Are you ready to add a new furry friend into your family? Visit the Cleveland APL during Pitties & Kitties now through the end of October!

Adoption fees for all  Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont, and at the City of Cleveland Kennel and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter! Also, cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL. 

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Remember Paris? She is a wonderful 7-year-old kitty who has been with us since August of 2013. That's right - this beauty has been at the APL for more than a year! 

Recently, Paris spent some time out of the shelter and in a loving foster home. Her foster mom shared that Paris enjoyed spending time in her home, looking out the window and sitting on her foster mom's lap! Paris lived with her foster brother, a dog, and did well with him. 

Now, Paris is back at the APL, hoping to find a loving home that she can spend the rest of her life in! Please make room in your home and heart for Paris - you won't regret it! 

Learn more about Paris: http://bit.ly/1uu1bUm

Call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 with any questions., Are you interested in learning more about stray cats vs feral cats, how to trap outdoor cats, low cost resources that the Cleveland APL and other organizations like PetFix Northeast Ohio, Inc. offer to help feral cats, and more? Register for the Feral Cat Workshop that will be held this Thursday at Parma Snow Library!, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab. It's that easy!, Today is the very first day of Pitties & Kitties! Come to our adoption center in Tremont today through Friday, October 31st to adopt a Pit Bull/mix, cat, or kitten for a reduced adoption fee! Also, we are teaming up with the City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter, as they will have $50 Pit Bull.mix adoption fees as well!

Celebrate Pitties & Kitties by adopting your new best friend today!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Did you know that October is #NationalPitBullAwarenessMonth? Starting this Sunday, October 19th and running through Friday, October 31st, adoption fees for all Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter. Also, cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL.

Celebrate Pitties & Kitties by adopting your new best friend!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Cola showing off for the camera while working with our Dog Behavior Manager yesterday. Cola is a sweet 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who came to the Cleveland APL in June. Cola had a severe case of mange when she arrived. After receiving treatment, Cola spent some time in  a loving foster home before coming back to the APL to wait for her new family. Cola is still waiting ... could that new family be yours? Visit her today at our adoption center in Tremont.

Learn more about Cola: http://bit.ly/106JYZT
Adopt Cola for a reduced adoption fee during Pitties & Kitties: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Purchase your tickets for the tail-wagging event of the year, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014). 
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Head over to the Mentor Petco tomorrow and meet our wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes! We will be there from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Hope to see you there!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, This week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Stephanie Super, Adoptions Associate along with Chewbacca:

"Chewbacca is a 2-year-old Pit Bull mix who came to the APL at the beginning of October. When this sweet guy came to us, his leg was severely injured and needed to be amputated. He is now doing great and is a total love bug! Chewbacca is hoping to find a new family soon. Remember, during Pitties & Kitties, Chewbacca's adoption fee will be $50. Visit this sweet guy today at our adoption center in Tremont!"

Learn more about Chewbacca: http://bit.ly/1swOQ3R
Learn more about Pitties & Kitties: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, October is #NationalPitBullAwarenessMonth. Beginning this Sunday, October 19th and running through Friday, October 31st, adoption fees for all  Pit Bulls and Pit Bull mixes will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter. Also, cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced to $10 at the Cleveland APL. 

Celebrate Pitties & Kitties by adopting your new best friend!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Many times, community cats are forgotten and left to fend for themselves, but with our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) Program, we can improve their lives greatly and help them to live longer, healthier lives. In Cleveland alone, it is estimated that there are 50,000 to 60,000 community cats! #NationalFeralCatDay 

Learn more about our TNR Program: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/, Drumroll, please:

We are excited to announce that in celebration of #NationalPitBullAwarenessMonth, the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter are teaming up to help the homeless Pit Bulls in our care find loving homes! We are also featuring our wonderful cats and kittens available for adoption at the Cleveland APL.
Learn more about our reduced adoption fees beginning this Sunday, October 19th: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/pitties-and-kitties/, Did you know that October is National Pit Bull Awareness Month? We will be celebrating these wonderful dogs in a big way! Stay tuned to our Facebook page and website (www.ClevelandAPL.org) to see how we will be helping homeless Pit Bulls in our care find loving homes!, The ticket deadline for the tail-wagging event of the year, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) is tomorrow! Make sure to get yours! Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Coco Strudel and Itty Bitty are modeling some of our adorable "Howl-o-ween" costumes that are for sale in the "Paw-tique" retail store at our adoption center in Tremont.

If you adopt from the Cleveland APL, you will receive a FREE costume for your pet while supplies last, so come adopt your new best friend at the Cleveland APL!

View all of our adoptable animals by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals., When Scruffles came to the Cleveland APL, she was pregnant and ready to have her babies. After safely giving birth at the APL, Scruffles and her puppies are in need of a loving foster home to spend time together before the pups and Scruffles are ready to find their happily ever afters. 

Scruffles and her six pups are just a handful of the many animals at the Cleveland APL who are in need of loving foster homes. Please consider making a difference in the life of an animal and consider fostering. Remember, saving on pet won't change the world, but for that one pet the world will change forever.

Please visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care, call 216-377-1635, or email foster@ClevelandAPL.org
for more information about becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer., Meet Pumpkin Seed and Coco Strudel, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Check out this amazing slideshow on cleveland.com that includes photos from the opening of the new Dog Park downtown! A few of our incredible volunteers with adoptable pooches are included. :), Don’t just take your dog for a walk… Take your Walk for a Dog! Go to WoofTrax.com, download the app on your Android or iOS device, and support the Cleveland Animal Protective League every time you walk!, The ticket deadline has been extended for the tail-wagging event of the year, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014)! Make sure to get yours before the October 17th deadline! Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, We were happy to take part in the Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for the Downtown Cleveland Alliance's Dog Park at Settler’s Landing in the Flats this morning. We're also happy to report that one dog got adopted during the fun event! Learn more about the new dog park by visiting http://bit.ly/1yJKjRq., Remember Norman and Sherman? These adorable guys went through a lot before arriving at the Cleveland APL. After receiving the care, treatment and TLC they needed, Norman and Sherman met their new family!  PetSmart Charities has shared their sweet adoption story and more about how these two are doing today., Are you looking for a way to help the APL? Visit our Amazon Wish List and purchase an item that we are in need of! Currently, we need items such as dry kitten and puppy food, Gerber baby food (chicken and gravy), puppy and kitten bottles, Kitten Milk Replacer, and much more! 

* While shopping on Amazon, make sure to visit AmazonSmile first!  On AmazonSmile, you'll find the same shopping experience you would on Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! Simply visit smile.amazon.com and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" and start shopping! Thank you for your support!, The ticket deadline has been extended for the tail-wagging event of the year, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014)! Make sure to get yours before the October 17th deadline! Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Did you hear? Downtown Cleveland Alliance has raised $10,000 to build Downtown Cleveland’s first outdoor dog park! The ribbon cutting ceremony for the new park will be held tomorrow, October 13th, at 11:00 a.m. Downtown’s dogs and their human friends are invited to join. We are excited to be a part of this event, as we will be there with "Rover," our mobile adoptions unit and our adoptable animals!
Learn more: http://www.downtowncleveland.com/media/2014/october/downtown-dog-park-entirely-funded.aspx, Rabbits, and Guinea Pigs, and Cats! Oh, My! There are LOTS of cats, kittens, rabbits and guinea pigs at the Cleveland APL, which is why we are reducing adoption fees TODAY only!

Follow the yellow brick road that leads to the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont and adopt a cat, kitten, rabbit, or guinea pig for a $10 adoption fee. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/ #TheresNoPlaceLikeHome, Rabbits, and Guinea Pigs, and Cats! Oh, My! We are full of cats, kittens, rabbits and guinea pigs at the Cleveland APL, which is why we are reducing adoption fees TOMORROW only!

Follow the yellow brick road that leads to our adoption center in Tremont and adopt a cat, kitten, rabbit, or guinea pig for a $10 adoption fee. The fee for any second cat, kitten, or rabbit adoption will be $20. The fee for a second guinea pig adoption will be $10. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/ #TheresNoPlaceLikeHome, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!
If you didn't get a chance to come to the APL this week, make sure to come to our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow and adopt a cat, kitten, rabbit or guinea pig for a $10 reduced adoption fee!
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/, Harvest is an adorable guinea pig who is waiting for a loving home! Remember, this Saturday, October 11th, at our adoption center in Tremont, we’re reducing the adoption fees for cats, kittens, rabbits, and guinea pigs to $10.

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/ #TheresNoPlaceLikeHome, This week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Ron Srnka, Human Resources Manager along with Beatrix:

"Beatrix is a fun and playful 1-year-old Terrier mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. If you have an active family and are looking for a new best friend, Beatrix is the pup for you!" http://bit.ly/1tiazQr, FOSTERING AN ADULT DOG SAVES TWO LIVES.   

We have a number of adult dogs with treatable medical conditions waiting for a foster home. We want to help these dogs but we desperately NEED your help.  It is simply not fair to keep them in a cage while they undergo treatment.  Not only that, but doing so holds up a cage that we could be using to help another animal waiting for a chance—and that’s how fostering one dog saves two lives.     

Contact us today to learn more about each individual dog that can go home with you! Without your help, we can’t help these animals, but we don’t want to consider the alternative of not treating them—can we count on you to help? A short commitment from you equals a lifetime for one of these wonderful and deserving dogs.  

There are so many reasons to bring an adult dog home to foster! Bring one home and find what it truly means to be thanked and appreciated. 

*You do not need to be a current APL foster parent to help.  We will provide you with all of the training and supplies you’ll need in order to succeed.  Thank you!
  
Please contact us TODAY at foster@clevelandapl.org, There are lots of fun ways to support the Cleveland APL including attending The Cleveland Miniaturia Society's “Holidays Go Miniature” show this Saturday,  a "Tailgate to Help the APL" event on Sunday before the Browns/Steelers game, and much more!

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl to learn more!, Rabbits, and Guinea Pigs, and Cats! Oh, My! We are full of cats, kittens, rabbits and guinea pigs at the Cleveland APL, which is why we are reducing adoption fees this Saturday only!

Follow the yellow brick road that leads to the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont and adopt a cat, kitten, rabbit, or guinea pig for a $10 adoption fee. The fee for any second cat, kitten, or rabbit adoption will be $20. The fee for a second guinea pig adoption will be $10. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/  #TheresNoPlaceLikeHome, Dorian Gray is one of the many sweet and wonderful cats at the Cleveland APL! Dorian came to us a stray and would love to find a good home soon. Remember,  this Saturday, October 11th, at our adoption center in Tremont, we’re reducing the adoption fees for cats, kittens, rabbits, and guinea pigs to $10. 

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/ #TheresNoPlaceLikeHome, Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have the power to make dreams come true? Just like in the Land of Oz, the Cleveland APL is full of wonderfully unique animals searching for their happily ever after. These fantastic animals have heart, brains, and courage, but they need you to make their wishes for a home come true.

To help their dreams come true, this Saturday, October 11th, at our adoption center in Tremont, we’re reducing the adoption fees for cats, kittens, rabbits, and guinea pigs to $10. The fee for any second adoption will be $20. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/rabbits-and-guinea-pigs-and-cats-oh-my/  #TheresNoPlaceLikeHome, Ticket deadline for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) is this Friday!

Please join us for the tail-wagging event of the year! The deadline for ticket sales is this Friday, October 10th, so get yours soon!  Enjoy wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from a VIP (Very Important Pooch)—or two! Learn more about Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) by vising https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/., Meet Dolly and Cola - our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Have you heard the buzz? This adorable bumblebee is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL! Magnolia is a 6-year-old Irish Setter/Boxer mix who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL. Feel free to share this "buzzworthy" post! http://bit.ly/1rfvqMI, We have reached 1,500 adoptions at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma over the weekend! Included are photos of our adoption success board, as well as the 1,500th adopters who have given a loving home to their new puppy, Skittles!, In case you haven't heard, Downtown Cleveland Alliance has raised $10,000 to build Downtown Cleveland’s first outdoor dog park! The ribbon cutting ceremony for the new park will be held on Monday, October 13th, at 11:00 a.m.  Downtown’s dogs and their human friends are invited to join. We are excited to be a part of this event, as we will be there with "Rover," our mobile adoptions unit and our adoptable animals!
Learn more: http://www.downtowncleveland.com/media/2014/october/downtown-dog-park-entirely-funded.aspx, Riley is a beautiful and sweet 1-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL in September. She does great with kids and has  previously lived with another cat. Riley is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont, so visit her today! http://bit.ly/1tsvDha, Great win by our Cleveland Browns yesterday! :), Thank you to everyone who attended the Pet Blessing at Trinity Cathedral yesterday. Dozens of pets attended with their owners and Trinity Cathedral's staff made homemade dog biscuits for the event! They also generously made extra bags of biscuits for the dogs at the APL. Pictured are some of the Sunday School students who made dog and cat toys for animals at the APL. 

We are happy to report 4 animals found loving homes during the blessing yesterday!, Please join us for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014), the tail-wagging event of the year! The deadline for ticket sales is this Friday, October 10th, so get yours soon!

Enjoy wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from a VIP (Very Important Pooch)—or two!  Learn more about Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) by vising https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/., Join us for a Pet Blessing at Trinity Cathedral in Downtown Cleveland tomorrow morning. We will be there with adoptable dogs and cats from 8:45 to 11:30 a.m.
Learn more: http://trinitycleveland.org/upcoming-trinity-congregational-events, Stop by SouthPark Mall today and meet some of our wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes! We will be at the mall until 3 p.m. We hope to see you! , Fall for a Furry Friend today at "A Very Special Adoption Event" hosted by Stautzenberger College Brecksville! The Cleveland APL will be there with adoptable animals who are waiting for loving homes!

This pet adoption event will feature loving and adoptable animals who are often overlooked because of physical ailments. This may include, for example, FIV+ cats OR pets missing a limb or one eye.

WHEN: Today, October 4th, 11 am - 3 pm
WHERE: Stautzenberger College: 8001 Katherine Boulevard Brecksville 44141
FIV/FELV Information Session
Guest Speaker: Dr. Danya Linehan, DVM
http://www.pawsohio.org/events.html, Fall for a Furry Friend at "A Very Special Adoption Event" hosted by Stautzenberger College Brecksville! The Cleveland APL will be there with adoptable animals who are waiting for loving homes!

More about the event:
This pet adoption event will feature loving and adoptable animals who are often overlooked because of physical ailments. This may include, for example, FIV+ cats OR pets missing a limb or one eye.

WHEN: Saturday, October 4th, 11 am - 3 pm
WHERE: Stautzenberger College: 8001 Katherine Boulevard  Brecksville  44141
FIV/FELV Information Session
Guest Speaker: Dr. Danya Linehan, DVM
http://www.pawsohio.org/events.html, Fostering isn't a life-time commitment, it's a commitment to save one life. Are you ready to commit to love, joy and fun? Become a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer! 

All of the sweet, adorable dogs who are pictured are all currently in need of "a couch to crash on" while they are treated and begin to heal. These pooches will need weekly check-ups at the APL and the foster period can range from 4 to 8 weeks.

If you’re interested in becoming a Foster Care Volunteer, please contact our Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org or 216-377-1635., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Join us for a Pet Blessing at Trinity Cathedral in Downtown Cleveland on Sunday morning. We will be there with adoptable dogs and cats from 8:45 to 11:30 a.m.
Learn more: http://trinitycleveland.org/upcoming-trinity-congregational-events/, Twin Update: 

Twin, the sweet 5-month-old kitten who had a liver shunt and needed a $3,000 surgery in order to save his life, has received his life-saving surgery thanks to your support!

Twin's surgery took place yesterday and is now recovering. An ameroid constrictor is the device is being used to correct Twin’s shunt and is pictured along with a photo that was taken of Twin this week. An ameroid constrictor is a small device that will close off the abnormal blood vessel and force blood to flow back through the liver. This will help Twin live a happy and healthy life!

Twin will now spend the weekend in a loving foster home before heading to the home of another loving foster care volunteer who is interested in fostering to adopt sweet Twin! 

Thank you again for your support and generosity. We could not help Twin, as well as the many sick or injured animals who come to us in need of a “second chance” at a healthy life in a loving home without you. Learn about our Second Chance Program: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, Today is #PhotoCaptionFriday! 

Can you think of a creative caption for this sweet photo?, Kobe and Ozzy, the happy feline residents of the APL administrative offices, are excited about the packages that they are sitting on! The fragile items that are inside of the boxes just so happen to be the brand new Cleveland APL wine glasses that will be for sale at our Fur Ball gala on November 1st!

Want to see what our fabulous new wine glasses look like? Come to Fur Ball and find out! Get your tickets for the tail-wagging event of the year by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/., This week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Dawn Smith-Pennington, Development Associate along with Meow:

"Meow is a sweet and adorable 5-month-old kitten who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL! This little guy loves to snuggle up to you and is sure to make a wonderful companion."
Learn more about Meow - http://bit.ly/MeowTheKitty, How handsome is Popeye?! This adorable 3.5-year-old Coonhound mix came to the Cleveland APL through our Dog Transfer Program and is currently waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Learn more about Popeye: http://bit.ly/1uglV5L, Want to stay connected with the Cleveland APL? Sign up to receive our eNewsletter! You can sign up right from our Facebook page - just go to the tabs across the top of our Facebook page and click on the eNewsletter Sign Up tab. It's that easy!, Join us on Saturday October 25 at Crocker Park for the annual Halloween Pet Costume Contest. All proceeds will be donated to the Cleveland APL! To learn more about this event & other ways to help the APL, see https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Meet Goldie and Dinky, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Please take a minute out of your day to cast your vote for animal-loving Meteorologist,  WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas for Cleveland's Favorite Weathercaster contest! If Jason wins, the Cleveland APL will receive a donation, so make sure to vote today!, Trotwood, an adorable 3.5-year-old Shepherd/Retriever mix has a message for you! He's ready to find a loving home! :)

Learn more about Trotwood: http://bit.ly/Trotwood, Help us make a difference for dogs and cats in need! Volunteer, donate, adopt! Learn more about our partnership with the Hill’s Food
Shelter & Love™ program at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R. We are proud to feed Hill’s Science Diet!, Patience, a five-year-old Boxer/Hound mix, came to the APL through our dog transfer program. This sweet girl was at the Cleveland APL for about 4 months before finding her happily ever after!
Read more about Patience and how you can help more animals like her: https://t.e2ma.net/message/06lo5/opkefb, This handsome Tabby is Mr. Big. He came to the Cleveland APL in June because his owner was moving and could no longer care for the 15-year-old kitty. Mr. Big has a lot of love to give and is looking for someone to spend his golden years with. Could that "someone" be you? 

Learn more about Mr. Big - http://bit.ly/1wQRvXb, Are you looking for a fun way to help the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ to learn more., Head to Edgewater Park tomorrow for the NEOCycle Event! Visit http://www.neocycle.org/schedule for more information., Join us tomorrow at the Fall Festival at Gales Westlake Garden Center! We will be there with adoptable animals from 11:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. so make sure to stop by! Plus, proceeds from children's tickets will benefit the APL! For more information, visit http://donzells-gales.com/custom/schedule.aspx., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Trotwood is really enjoying the beautiful weather today! Check out this video of him playing catch in the pool and working with our project STAR (Shelter Training for Adoption and Rehoming) Dog Behavior Manager. :)

Trotwood is a sweet and energetic 3.5-year-old Shepherd/Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! Trotwood must go home with an experienced dog owner. Please call our adoptions team at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 with any questions about Trotwood or our adoption process.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Exactly one week ago, we reached out to you for support. Twin, a sweet 5-month-old kitten had a liver shunt and needed a $3,000 surgery in order to save his life. Thanks to your support, we were able to raise enough money to pay for the surgery that Twin needed.

Currently, Twin is doing well on the three medications that he needs  in order to get his secondary symptoms under control before his surgery. Twin's surgery is scheduled for next week.  After his operation, Twin will need some extra care and follow-up medications. He will likely spend a month in foster care before he is ready to find loving home.

Thank you again for your support and generosity. We could not help Twin, as well as the many sick or injured animals who come to us in need of a  “second chance” at a healthy life in a loving home without you. Learn about our Second Chance Program: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, It's #PhotoCaptionFriday! 

What's your clever caption for this sweet photo?, Our #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie is a bit different this week! Rather than taking a selfie with an adoptable animal, Sara Dillenkofer, Clinic Coordinator is posing with and talking about our community cats:

"With basic feeding and care, community cats live happy, healthy lives outdoors. The cats pictured with me come running when they hear the food coming! While they don’t enjoy being handled or living indoors, they have a high quality of life. For more information about our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) Program, please visit: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/.", This group of wonderful kids held a bake sale for the Cleveland APL! They sold pumpkin muffins (in the rain, nonetheless) to help the animals! What an inspiration they are. Thank you for your generosity!, Please join us for the tail-wagging event of the year. Enjoy wonderful food stations, fabulous live and silent auction items and a surprise guest appearance from a VIP (Very Important Pooch)—or two!  
Learn more about Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) by vising https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/. , Meet Truck, a handsome 8-year-old Chow Chow mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Truck came to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program and is a sweetheart! View all of our adoptable animals on our website by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Fill in the blank:

I named my dog _____________ because _______________.

#NationalDogWeek, Looking for a fun way to help the Cleveland APL?  Go shopping at Lithium Clothing at Legacy Village, head to The Cleveland Miniaturia Society's “Holidays Go Miniature” show, or attend the annual Crocker Park Halloween Pet Costume Contest! 

Check out the many ways at https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/., Meet Maggie and Kim, our Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, With tomorrow being the first official day of fall, we want to know...

What is your favorite activity to do with your pet(s) in the fall? #MustAskMonday, Happy #NationalDogWeek! How will you be spoiling your pooch this week? Make sure to share photos of your dog with us throughout the week!

Pictured is Trotwood, a handsome and playful 3.5-year-old Shepherd/Retriever mix. This cutie is full of energy and should go home with an experienced dog owner. If you would like to meet Trotwood, visit our adoption center in Tremont today!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, In celebration of her birthday, Cora brought in donations for the animals at the Cleveland APL yesterday! What a wonderful way to start the week. Thank you for your kindness and generosity, Cora! :), Download our FREE adoption app to view our adoptable animals. Visit the Google Play Store on your Android or the App Store on your iOS device to download today!, Join us tomorrow for Rescue Village's "Woofstock" at the Holden Arboretum 9500 Sperry Road in Kirtland! The fun event goes from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. and will include a one-mile dog walk, canine games, dog agility, and much more! We will have dogs and cats available for adopt adoption at the event as well! Learn more - http://www.geaugahumane.org/events/woofstock.html, Thanks to your support and generosity, we have raised the $3,000 that is needed to pay for Twin's life-saving surgery! 

If you are able to, please consider making a donation to help more animals like Twin by supporting our Second Chance Program. All additional funds that are raised for Twin will benefit this life-saving program.

Learn more about our Second Chance Program - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/

Donate now - https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/TwinEmma, It's a wonderful day to adopt a furry friend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store (6870 Ridge Rd.) to meet your new best friend! :), Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, When Twin came to the Cleveland APL earlier this month, he was having seizures and drooling a lot. Twin’s eye color had also changed to a deep copper. All of these are symptoms of a liver shunt, which is when a blood vessel carries blood that is filled with waste products around the liver rather than through it, placing it straight back into circulation without getting filtered by the liver. Over time, the waste products that are not being filtered build up and cause the signs we are seeing. This will become life-threatening for Twin.

We need your help. We need to raise $1,685 in order to reach the $3,000 that is needed for Twin to receive this life-saving surgery. Please donate today - https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/TwinEmma, We are a little more than a third of the way to help Twin receive the life-saving surgery he needs to live a normal, healthy life! Will you help us by making a donation today? Your donation will be life-saving for Twin, as well as the many other ill and injured animals who come to us in need.

Donate now - https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/TwinEmma
Read Twin's story - https://t.e2ma.net/message/w3gn5/opkefb, Twin is a sweet 5-month-old kitten who needs a complicated $3,000 surgery that will, literally, save his life. Can you help us help Twin?

Twin's Story:  You might not know it by looking at his adorable photos, but Twin has a liver shunt, which is when a blood vessel carries blood that is filled with waste products around the liver rather than through it, placing it straight back into circulation without getting filtered by the liver. Over time, the waste products that are not being filtered build up and cause the signs we are seeing. This will become life-threatening for Twin. With this surgery, this little kitten can go on to live a normal life. 

You can help Twin receive the life-saving surgery he needs by making a donation today. Click to donate - https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/TwinEmma

Read Twin's full story - https://t.e2ma.net/message/w3gn5/opkefb, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Claire Dugas, Adoptions & Retail Associate, along with Jay Jay:

"Jay Jay is a sweet 6-year-old girl who loves attention. She is always rubbing up against you and soliciting affection. Jay Jay has lived with other cats, but with would do best in a home without dogs or small children. Visit this sweetie at our adoption center in Tremont today!"
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Don’t just take your dog for a walk… Take your Walk for a Dog! Go to WoofTrax.com, download the app on your Android or iOS device, and support the Cleveland Animal Protective League every time you walk!, Today is the last #JusticeFurAll of the year! If you work downtown, make sure to stop by the Justice Center between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. and look for "Rover," the APL's mobile adoptions unit that will be parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Avenue across from the Justice Center. We will have adoptable dogs and cats! 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Dinky is getting ready for Halloween early in his "devilish" outfit! Although this photo might deceive you, Dinky is sweet as can be! This little cutie is truly a lap dog and will make a great companion. Visit Dinky at our adoption center in Tremont. 

View more information about Dinky and the rest of our adoptable animals at https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, We are excited to report that during the 10 days of #ROARToTheirRescue, 250 pets found loving homes! Thank you to Animal Planet and ASPCA - together, we're changing lives and creating more happily ever afters! Also, thank you to all of the adopters who added a new furry friend to their family.

Did you adopt your new best friend during ROAR To Their Rescue? Share their photo with us using the hash tag #ROARToTheirRescue on Facebook or tweet it to us at @ClevelandAPL!, Meet our Pets of the Week, Champ and Esmeralda. https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Ringer is a beautiful 1 1/2-year-old kitty who is ready to find a loving home! She is available for adoption at Petco in Steelyard Commons, one of our offsite adoption locations. View all of our adoptable animals by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/., We would like to celebrate the VERY LAST adoption during #ROARToTheirRescue at the Cleveland APL with a photo of Patti and her new feline friend, Goldie. :)

Did you adopt your new best friend during ROAR To Their Rescue? Share a photo of him/her in his/her new home using the hash tag #ROARToTheirRescue!, We're excited to share with you the winners of our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest along with this year's beautiful calendar cover! Check out the winners (in no particular order) here: 
https://clevelandapl.org/2015-cleveland-apl-calendar/

* Also, make sure to check our website beginning on November 3, as the calendar will be available for purchase! If you entered your pet's photo in the contest, look in your copy in the mail around this time!, Support the Cleveland APL while you shop on Amazon Smile! Simply select the Cleveland APL as your organization of choice (make sure the address is 1729 Willey Avenue, Cleveland) and start shopping! The AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the Cleveland APL!, Meet Coffee, a beautiful 4-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL back in November. Coffee did well with kids in her previous home, but did not get along with other cats. Coffee could be your new loving companion! Visit her at our adoption center in Tremont today during #ROARToTheirRescue!
 https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, If your pet could talk to you, what would be the first thing he/she would say? #MustAskMonday, We are nearing the $25,000 cap for #ROARToTheirRescue which means our waived adoption fees will be coming to an end soon!
Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities EAC in the Parma PetSmart (6870 Ridge Rd.) to adopt your new best friend today! 

Learn more about our exciting partnership with Animal Planet and ASPCA by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., There are lots of wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma (6870 Ridge Rd.). Come on down and meet your new best friend today! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/

Also, make sure to visit either location listed above Monday - Thursday during #ROARToTheirRescue. In case you have not heard, Animal Planet and ASPCA have teamed up with the Cleveland APL to waive adoption fees. *Please know that if you plan to adopt a dog or puppy, you will still be responsible for paying the $10.75 license fee. 
* Note: The ROAR program only has a couple more days of funding left. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, Stop by Mutt Strut & Mingle for a great time today! Bring your furry friend & meet adoptable animals, check out vendor booths, enjoy a pack walk through Wendy Park, cash bar, music, corn hole, raffles, surprise guests and more! , Visit our adoptable animals today at SouthPark Mall! We will be there with cats and dogs available for adoption from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma during #ROARToTheirRescue! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, Tickets are now available for the tail-wagging event of the year - 
Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014)! Click to learn more.
, Let's see your best caption for this photo! #PhotoCaptionFriday, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager along with Cola:

"Cola is a sweet and adorable 3-year-old Pit Bull mix who is ready to find a loving home! When Cola first came to the Cleveland APL in June, she had a severe case of mange-especially on her face. Cola is doing great now after receiving medical treatment and lots of TLC at the APL! Visit Cola today!", Our adoptions team is ready to ROAR! We are getting close to reaching the $25,000 cap during #ROARToTheirRescue, so come down to the Cleveland APL (1729 Willey Avenue) or our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart (6870 Ridge Road) to adopt a new best friend for a waived adoption fee!

About ROAR To Their Rescue:
The all-new “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program provides grants to participating animal welfare organizations from Animal Planet and ASPCA, including the Cleveland APL, as well as organizations in Austin, Texas, and Miami, Florida, to cover the cost of adoption fees. The “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will run indefinitely starting September 1 until each market reaches a $25,000 cap in fee-waived adoptions. For more information, please visit AnimalPlanet.com/RoarToTheirRescue or https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., Today is the last day of #ROARToTheirRescue this week! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma (6870 Ridge Rd., Parma) to adopt a furry friend!   

In case you haven't heard, we have teamed up with Animal Planet and ASPCA for an exciting adoption special. During this special promotion, Animal Planet will be sponsoring adoptions Mondays – Thursdays at both locations listed above! This means adoption fees are waived on these days for all animals. If you plan to adopt a puppy or dog, please know you will be responsible for paying the license fee which is $10.75.
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., Support the Cleveland APL by purchasing a much-needed item off of our Amazon Wish List! There are lots of items that we are in need of, including dog treats, Ziploc bags, and much more!

When purchasing any item off of Amazon, don't forget to log into AmazonSmile first and select the Cleveland APL! AmazonSmile offers the same shopping experience as Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! 

Click here to get started: http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 
 , Meet Mr. Clyde, a sweet 9-year-old kitty who is waiting for a loving home at the Cleveland APL!  #ROARToTheirRescue continues on today and tomorrow, which means all adoption fees at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and our PetSmart Charities EAC in Parma (6870 Ridge Rd.) are waived!

Learn more about our exciting partnership with Animal Planet and ASPCA and the waived adoption fees by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., The Cleveland APL’s mobile adoption unit “Rover” is stopping by Platform Beer Co. (4125 Lorain Ave in Cleveland’s Ohio City neighborhood) with adoptable dogs and cats from 6-9 tonight. Stop by for a brew and maybe you’ll meet your new best friend!, Although we love our Cleveland APL Pet Calendar, we are excited to see an APL alum featured in a different calendar - the 365 Cats 2015 Calendar! Check out Jack, featured as the kitty for Monday, March 2nd! Congrats, Jack. :), Meet Ford and Max, our Pets of the Week! :)
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Today is day 2 this week of #ROARToTheirRescue at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma (6870 Ridge Rd.) to adopt a furry friend! In case you haven't heard, we have teamed up with Animal Planet and ASPCA for an exciting adoption special. During this special promotion, Animal Planet will be sponsoring adoptions Mondays – Thursdays at both locations listed above! This means adoption fees are waived on these days for all animals. If you plan to adopt a puppy or dog, please know you will be responsible for paying the license fee which is $10.75. 
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/.
View our adoptable animals - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Missing Dog:

Casey, a 2-year-old Hound/Shepherd mix escaped from her home in Brunswick overnight.  If found, please contact Katlyn at 216-870-4061 or the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616. Casey is gentle but very shy. PLEASE SHARE!, Just another Monday at the Cleveland APL. 

Judy Hunter, Director of Development, is getting some help from Kobe while working on the APL's 2015 Pet Calendar! :) Kobe is one of the two happy feline residents in the APL's administrative offices., Beatlemania has taken over the Cleveland APL's cat adoption room! Meet Ringo and Yoko, two feline pals who are waiting for loving homes. Visit them today through Thursday during #ROARToTheirRescue and their adoption fees will be waived thanks to our partnership with Animal Planet and ASPCA.

Learn more about ROAR To Their Rescue and waived animal adoption fees by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., There are lots of wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma (6870 Ridge Rd.). Come on down and meet your new best friend today! 

Also, make sure to visit either location listed above Monday - Thursday during #ROARToTheirRescue. In case you have not heard, Animal Planet and ASPCA have teamed up with the Cleveland APL to waive adoption fees. *Please know that if you plan to adopt a dog or puppy, you will still be responsible for paying the $10.75 license fee. 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma (6870 Ridge Rd., Parma) to  adopt a furry friend! In case you haven't heard, we have teamed up with Animal Planet and ASPCA for an exciting adoption special. During this special promotion, Animal Planet will be sponsoring adoptions Mondays – Thursdays at both locations listed above! This means adoption fees are waived on these days for all animals. If you plan to adopt a puppy or dog, please know you will be responsible for paying the license fee which is $10.75.  #RoarToTheirRescue
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., Make sure to head down to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Health and Wellness Expo at the Cleveland Convention Center today from 10am to 5pm. We will be there with adoptable dogs and cats!
Learn more by visiting http://www.wkyc.com/local/health-expo/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma during #ROARToTheirRescue!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Katherine Schneider, Offsite Adoptions Coordinator along with Inky:

"Inky is a sweet, affectionate senior cat who is spending his time at the Cleveland APL in our adoptions office. When Inky first came to the APL, he was a bit shy. Inky has really come out of his shell and loves attention! Visit Inky at our adoption center in Tremont today!" http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=23149259&location=Cleveland+APL, Kudos to the The Cleveland Plain Dealer Editorial Board and cleveland.com for sharing a very timely and important message about the need to strengthen animal cruelty laws in Ohio., Happy Friday! How will you spend the weekend with with your furry friend?, Skittles has found her happily ever after during #ROARToTheirRescue! Here she is pictured with her new mom. Meet all of our wonderful animals who are available for adoption by visiting our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (6870 Ridge Rd., Parma) Mondays – Thursdays and adopt the newest members of your family for FREE! 

About ROAR To Their Rescue:
The all-new “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will provide grants to participating animal welfare organizations, including the Cleveland APL, as well as organizations in Austin, Texas, and Miami, Florida, to cover the cost of adoption fees. The “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will run indefinitely starting September 1 until each market reaches a $25,000 cap in fee-waived adoptions. For more information, please visit AnimalPlanet.com/RoarToTheirRescue or https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., Do you work in downtown CLE? Stop by the Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court this afternoon!

Our mobile adoption unit “Rover” is parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Avenue across from the Justice Center. “Rover” will be there with our adorable adoptables until 1 today!  #JusticeFurAll, Today is the last day this week to #adopt a furry friend for free! In case you haven't heard, we are teaming up with Animal Planet and ASPCA for an exciting adoption special. Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (6870 Ridge Rd., Parma) Mondays – Thursdays and adopt the newest members of your family for FREE! #RoarToTheirRescue

About ROAR To Their Rescue:
The all-new “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will provide grants to participating animal welfare organizations, including the Cleveland APL, as well as organizations in Austin, Texas, and Miami, Florida, to cover the cost of adoption fees. The “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will run indefinitely starting September 1 until each market reaches a $25,000 cap in fee-waived adoptions. For more information, please visit AnimalPlanet.com/RoarToTheirRescue or https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., Did you hear?! We are teaming up with Animal Planet and ASPCA for an exciting adoption special. Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (6870 Ridge Rd., Parma) Mondays – Thursdays and adopt the newest members of your family for FREE! #RoarToTheirRescue

About ROAR To Their Rescue:
The all-new “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will provide grants to participating animal welfare organizations, including the Cleveland APL, as well as organizations in Austin, Texas, and Miami, Florida, to cover the cost of adoption fees. The “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will run indefinitely starting September 1 until each market reaches a $25,000 cap in fee-waived adoptions. For more information, please visit AnimalPlanet.com/RoarToTheirRescue or https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., Meet Jake, a handsome 8 year old who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.). Jake was surrendered by his owner who could no longer care for him. He did great with kids and other cats in his previous home. Adopt Jake for FREE Mondays - Thursdays until the “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” grant runs out!  #RoarToTheirRescue
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, Save the date!  Our Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014) gala will take place on Saturday, November 1 at the InterContinental Hotel Cleveland. Proceeds from this event benefit the Cleveland APL’s Second Chance Program. Look for ticket sales on our website next week!

If you're interested in learning more about our Second Chance Program, corporate sponsorship opportunities, donating an auction item, or more information about Fur Ball, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/., Meet O’Henry, a sweet and adorable 3-year-old Boxer mix who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) O’Henry came to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program and would love to find a family soon! Adopt O'Henry for FREE Mondays - Thursdays until the “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” grant runs out!  #RoarToTheirRescue
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, We are teaming up with Animal Planet and ASPCA for an exciting adoption special. Visit our adoption center in Tremont (1729 Willey Ave.) and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center (6870 Ridge Rd., Parma)  Mondays – Thursdays and adopt the newest members of your family for FREE!  #RoarToTheirRescue

About ROAR To Their Rescue:
The all-new “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will provide grants to participating animal welfare organizations, including the Cleveland APL, as well as organizations in Austin, Texas, and Miami, Florida, to cover the cost of adoption fees. The “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will run indefinitely starting September 1 until each market reaches a $25,000 cap in fee-waived adoptions. For more information, please visit AnimalPlanet.com/RoarToTheirRescue or https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/., The September issue of Pet Patter is out! Check out our fun, quarterly newsletter and read Cleveland APL Happy Tales, information about upcoming events, recaps of past events, and much, much more! Read Pet Patter here: http://bit.ly/1usqzeT, Today is the first day of #RoarToTheirRescue! 

In case you haven't heard, the Cleveland Animal Protective League is teaming up with Animal Planet in collaboration with the ASPCA (The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals®) to waive all adoption fees for dogs and cats beginning today!

Although our adoption center in Tremont is closed today for Labor Day, our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma will be open from 10am to 5pm. Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, Our adoption center in Tremont will be closed tomorrow for Labor Day. Our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center will be open from 10am to 5pm! Make sure to stop by for the first day of “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue!” https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/, September is the perfect time to spread the love and adopt a new furry best friend. And to make it easier than ever, the Cleveland Animal Protective League is teaming up with Animal Planet in collaboration with the ASPCA (The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals®) to waive all adoption fees for dogs and cats starting tomorrow.

The all-new “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will provide grants to participating animal welfare organizations, including the Cleveland APL, as well as organizations in Austin, Texas, and Miami, Florida, to cover the cost of adoption fees. The “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” program will run indefinitely starting September 1 until each market reaches a $25,000 cap in fee-waived adoptions. For more information, please visit AnimalPlanet.com/RoarToTheirRescue.

Although our adoption center in Tremont is closed tomorrow for Labor Day, make sure to visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® from 10am to 5pm for the start of “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue”!  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/  #ROARTOTHEIRRESCUE, September is the perfect time to spread the love and adopt a new furry best friend. And to make it easier than ever, the Cleveland Animal Protective League is teaming up with Animal Planet in collaboration with the ASPCA (The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals®) to waive all adoption fees for dogs and cats starting Monday, September 1!

Until the “R.O.A.R. To Their Rescue” grant runs out, the Cleveland APL will waive adoption fees for cats and dogs of all ages on Mondays – Thursdays at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center (1729 Willey Ave., Cleveland) between 11 am and 6:30 pm and at their PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located inside the PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma between 10:00 am and 8:00 pm. All other criteria for adoption will remain the same. Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/roar-to-their-rescue/
#ROARTOTHEIRRESCUE, null, A Labor of Love Adoption Event will begin at 11 a.m. TODAY at the PetSmart® store in Parma at 6870 Ridge Rd. Adoptable dogs and cats from the Cleveland APL, Tails from the City, PAWS, and Love-a-Stray will be there with support from PetSmart and PetSmart Charities!

In celebration of this exciting event, all adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, A Labor of Love Adoption Event will take place tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the PetSmart® store in Parma at 6870 Ridge Rd. The collaborative effort will feature available dogs and cats from the Cleveland APL, Tails from the City, PAWS, and Love-a-Stray with support from PetSmart and PetSmart Charities!

In celebration of A Labor of Love Adoption Event tomorrow, all adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, Thanks so much to our friends at Proforma in Independence for their Cleveland APL donation drive. They collected $300 in cash and enough in kind donations to fill the back of Rover, our mobile adoptions unit! Thank you for your generosity, kindness and the warm hospitality you showed our adoptable animals we brought to your campus today!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!

Make sure to visit the EAC tomorrow for  A Labor of Love Adoption Event from 11am to 4pm! Tomorrow only, adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, Jimmy is one of the MANY cats available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center and our adoption center in Tremont. Make sure to come out tomorrow for A Labor of Love Adoption Event! We are teaming up with area rescue groups to participate in this fabulous adoption event from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the PetSmart® store in Parma at 6870 Ridge Rd. The collaborative effort will feature available dogs and cats from the Cleveland APL, Tails from the City, PAWS, and Love-a-Stray with support from PetSmart and PetSmart Charities®.

Remember, tomorrow only, adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont!  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, Behind-the-Scenes: Aston & Larry in Clinic

Aston and Larry are two very special kitties who are spending some extra time in our clinic so they can be monitored by our veterinary team. Both of these guys were in rough shape when arriving at the Cleveland APL. When Aston came to us, he had a large wound on his neck that is now almost completely healed. Larry (black kitty) came in with a severe URI (Upper Respiratory Infection). It was so severe that we had to remove one of his eyes because of it.  

The two have become friends (well, Larry wants to be friends and Aston is tolerant).  This clip captures their playtime this morning!
These two kitties will be available for adoption in about a week!, A Labor of Love Adoption Event will take place tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the PetSmart® store in Parma at 6870 Ridge Rd.  The collaborative effort will feature available dogs and cats from the Cleveland APL, Tails from the City, PAWS, and Love-a-Stray with support from PetSmart and PetSmart Charities!

In celebration of A Labor of Love Adoption Event tomorrow, all adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont!  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, Ozzy, one of our office cats is making sure everyone keeps quiet on the set of filming for our video that will be played at Cold Noses, Warm Hearts (Fur Ball 2014)!

Tickets for the tail-wagging event of the year will be available for purchase in mid-September, so look for the link on our website! Also, if you're interested in a corporate sponsorship opportunity or donating an auction item, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/., We're teaming up with area rescue groups to participate in A Labor of Love Adoption Event, taking place this Saturday, August 30th from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the PetSmart® store in Parma! The collaborative effort will feature available dogs and cats from the Cleveland APL, Tails from the City, PAWS, and Love-a-Stray with support from PetSmart and PetSmart Charities®.

In celebration of the adoption event on Saturday, adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, Don’t just take your dog for a walk… Take your Walk for a Dog! Go to WoofTrax.com, download the app on your Android or iOS device, and support the Cleveland Animal Protective League every time you walk!, We are teaming up with area rescue groups to participate in A Labor of Love Adoption Event, taking place this Saturday, August 30th at the PetSmart® store in Parma at 6870 Ridge Road! The collaborative effort will feature available dogs and cats from the Cleveland APL, Tails From The City - Cleveland, PAWS, and  Love-a-Stray with support from PetSmart and PetSmart Charities®.

In celebration of A Labor of Love Adoption Event, this Saturday, August 30th only, all adult cats over 1 year will be available for only $25 and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $50 at both the Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart, as well as at our adoption center located in Tremont.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/a-labor-of-love-adoption-event/, Stanley, the handsome pooch pictured, was adopted from our PetSmart Charities EAC almost 1 year ago. Stanley's parents decided what better day to visit the place they first met him then on the 1 year anniversary of the opening!  Stanley is doing fantastic in his home and is so very loved by his mom and dad. :)

Also pictured is the collage of love that was created by our EAC adoptions staff. The collage features the many happily ever afters that have taken place since the EAC's opening 1 year ago!, Today marks the 1 year anniversary of the opening of our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma!  We are celebrating with a photo collage that we'll share with you later on! Also, we would love alumni to come back and visit :), Happy #NationalDogDay! In honor of your pooch, share your favorite photo of him or her and tell us what you'll do to celebrate today!, Our website is currently down but should be back up shortly. Thank you for your patience and understanding.

Remember, if you would like to view our adoptable animals, you can also download our adoptions app onto your iOS or Android device by searching for "Cleveland APL" in the app store or Google Play., Have fun and support the Cleveland APL by attending Rock & Rescue tomorrow from 2 to 8 p.m. Rover will be there from 2 pm – 6:30 p.m. with adoptable dogs and cats.

Ticket for adults are $15 and children 12 and under are $5 and will be available at the door.

All proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL! , Looking for something fun to do with your dog this weekend? Head to Ledge Pool in Hinckley Reservation tomorrow from 1 to 5 p.m. to enjoy a fun filled day of activities ranging from a guided hike, swim, mini dog fair, and animal safety demo’s with K-9 unit and B.A.R.K. (Buckeye Area Regional K-9), and be sure to meet the dogs available to adopt.
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Find love at the Cleveland APL! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store today and adopt your new best friend!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Happy Friday!, Have fun and support the Cleveland APL by attending Rock & Rescue this Sunday, from 2 to 8 p.m. Rover will be there from 2 pm – 6:30 p.m. with adoptable dogs and cats.

Ticket for adults are $15 and children 12 and under are $5 and will be available at the door.

All proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL! , Looking for something fun to do with your dog this weekend? Head to Ledge Pool in Hinckley Reservation this Sunday from 1 to 5 p.m. to enjoy a fun filled day of activities ranging from a guided hike, swim, mini dog fair, and animal safety demo’s with K-9 unit and B.A.R.K. (Buckeye Area Regional K-9), and be sure to meet the dogs available to adopt.
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Ayse Dunlap, Director of Operations at the Cleveland APL accepted WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas' nomination for the #ALSIceBucketChallenge!, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Danielle Begalla, Volunteer Manager, with Kitty:

"Kitty is handsome and playful boy who has been waiting for a loving home since April! Kitty is only 3 years old and sweet as can be. Make sure to visit Kitty and his feline friends at our adoption center in Tremont!"
More about Kitty (aka Dragan) -  http://bit.ly/1tlzAri, 3-year-old Cola was brought to the Cleveland APL by her owner who could no longer care for her because of her health issues. Cola’s fur was missing in some areas, especially on her face and limbs and it appeared as though the poor girl had been living with a severe allergic skin disease. While at the Cleveland APL, Cola received treatment for the skin disease and she also had surgery on her right eye to remove a corneal ulcer. Neither of these treatments could have been done to help Cola without our Second Chance Program. 

After spending time in foster care, Cola returned to the APL this week in search of a loving home. 

If you would like to help us treat and care for more animals like Cola, please consider making a donation to our Second Chance Program. Visit http://bit.ly/1oV6SgM and select Second Chance Program in the Donation Category drop down to donate.

If you are looking for a cuddly, sweet dog, visit Cola at our adoption center in Tremont. http://bit.ly/1pilrtS, Maya and Sadie stopped by the Cleveland APL yesterday to drop off donations that they collected in lieu of gifts for their birthdays! Thank you, girls! Your kindness is greatly appreciated by our organization and the animals we care for every day., Mr. Popper is a handsome 3-and-a-half-year-old kitty who was brought to the Cleveland APL in May because his owner was moving and could not take Mr. Popper with her. This cool cat does well with other kitties and would fit purrfectly into a family. Mr. Popper might take a minute or two to warm up to you, but once he does, he will be your best bud! Visit Mr. Popper at our adoption center in Tremont today! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Q104 - Cleveland's Average Joe just walked naked under the PlayhouseSquare chandelier! , We are blown away by the support of our wonderful donors. Last week, we posted that we were in need of interactive feeders for the dogs in our project STAR program. We're thrilled to share that we now have 11! If you would like to check out more items that we are in need of, please visit our Amazon Wish List at http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV.

* Don't forget - when purchasing an item on Amazon, make sure to visit AmazonSmile and select Cleveland APL first! AmazonSmile offers the same shopping experience as Amazon with the added bonus that 0.5% of the purchase price of your item(s) will be donated to the APL! Learn more: http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644, Pedro (pictured) wants you to know that we have so many sweet cats and kittens who are waiting for homes at the Cleveland APL. Visit them today and adopt a new companion! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Join Sara Dillenkofer, Cleveland APL Animal Welfare Clinic Coordinator, tomorrow, August 20th from 5:45 to 7:45 p.m. at Euclid Public Library. Sara will be speaking about our Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) program. There will also be a showing of “Ten Lives: A Feral Cat Odyssey.” This program is being presented by Euclid Beach Feral Cat Project and Waterloo Alley Cat Project.
Learn more - http://www.ebfcp.org/#!july-23-2014-press-release/c156, Download our adoptions app to your Android or iOS device and view all of our adoptable animals! Just search "Cleveland APL" in the App Store or Google Play to get started!, And the winner is... Georgie Girl! Georgie Girl is the winner of the final “Pet of the Month” in our 2015 Pet Calendar! Thanks to all of your votes, more than $1,800 was raised for the Cleveland APL during the voting process. Thanks for your support & stay tuned for a posting of all 12 winners on our website., null, O'Henry is sure to brighten your Monday morning with his sweet smile! This handsome guy is a 3-year-old Boxer mix who came to the Cleveland APL through our Dog Transfer Program. Make sure to visit him at our adoption center in Tremont!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=23585562&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is the last day to vote for your favorite photo to win "Pet of the Month" in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! Voting ends tonight at midnight, so please vote soon.

* Remember, if you would like to cast your vote from this point forward, the vote will have to be at least $5 (which equals 5 votes). Thanks for your support!

https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/, Looking for a new best friend? Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our EAC in the Parma PetSmart store today!, We will have adoptable dogs and cats at Tails for Trails today at the West Park Reservation in Parma from 1 to 4 today! http://westcreek.org/tails-trails/, Mark your calendar for Dog Paddle & Pet-A-Palooza! This fun event will be held on Sunday, August 24, 2014, from 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM at Ledge Pool in Hinckley Reservation.

Bring your dog out for a fun filled day of activities ranging from a guided hike, swim, mini dog fair, and animal safety demo’s with K-9 unit and B.A.R.K. (Buckeye Area Regional K-9), and be sure to view the dogs available to adopt. Admission is $5.00 per dog and the donation will be split between the Cleveland APL and the Medina SPCA.
http://www.clevelandmetroparks.com/Main/EventsProgramsCalendar/Dog-Paddle-and-PetaPalooza-507.aspx, Your vote will make a difference for the animals at the Cleveland APL! Make sure to cast your vote today, as voting will end Sunday at midnight. 

* Remember,  if you would like to cast your vote from this point forward, the vote will have to be at least $5 (which equals 5 votes). Thanks for your support!

https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/, Oops, we were just notified minutes ago that votes under $5 are being declined by our credit card processing company due to the way in which their Fraud Protection program is designed.

However, if you voted PRIOR to August 14th for less than $5, your vote was successfully submitted. If you voted AFTER that date, as you may know, your transaction was declined.

We appreciate your support and if you would like to cast your vote from this point forward, the vote will have to be at least $5 (which equals 5 votes).
https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Have you voted for the final "Pet of the Month" in our 2015 Pet Calendar? Here are the rankings as of today: 

1st Place - Smokey Joe  
2nd Place - Chewbacca
3rd Place - Georgie Girl
4th Place - Libby  
5th Place - Bailey  
6th Place - Sam and Annie   
7th Place - Explorer
8th Place - Violet  
9th Place - Zia Jade
10th Place - Lulu  
 
Help your favorite photo move up in the rankings by voting for his or her photo today. Remember, voting will end Sunday at midnight! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/

*We will announce the final rankings and winner on Monday!, Today is National Relaxation Day! Do you have a picture of your furry friend relaxing? Share it here! #NationalRelaxationDay, Cast your vote for the final winner of "Pet of the Month" in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

$1 counts as one vote, so vote as much as you can! All votes support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services. Place your vote by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/., Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Lisa Tarcy, Communications & Social Media Specialist, with Taz:

"Taz is a handsome 4-year-old Shepherd mix who was surrendered to the Cleveland APL by his owner who could no longer care for him. Taz does great with children and other dogs. This sweet and playful guy is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont, so visit him today!"
More about Taz - http://bit.ly/1rc6cFt, Place your vote for the final winner of "Pet of the Month" in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

$1 counts as one vote, so vote as much as you can! All votes support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services. Place your vote by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/., Since the puppy pride items that are for sale at our "Pawtique" retail store have been so popular, we wanted to share the website that you can visit to order more! Visit www.petedge.com to check them out!, Check out Oberlin on Live on Lakeside WKYC yesterday! This cutie is still waiting for a loving home! http://bit.ly/1uwtEOa, Have you voted for your favorite photo today?, We are in need of slow-feeder bowls and rawhide chews for our dogs. If you're looking for a way to help the animals at the Cleveland APL, please consider visiting our Amazon Wish List and purchasing one of these items. http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV/ref=topnav_lists_1

** When purchasing an item on Amazon, make sure to visit AmazonSmile and select Cleveland APL first! AmazonSmile offers the same shopping experience as Amazon with the added bonus that 0.5% of the purchase price of your item(s) will be donated to the APL! Learn more: http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644, Please place your vote for the final winner of "Pet of the Month" in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

$1 counts as one vote, so vote as much as you can! All votes support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services. Place your vote by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/., Meet Burbon and Bandicoot, our Pets of the Week! Bandicoot is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont, while Burbon is waiting to meet her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center! https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Mark your calendar for Dog Paddle & Pet-A-Palooza! This fun event will be held on Sunday, August 24, 2014, from 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM at Ledge Pool in Hinckley Reservation.

Bring your dog out for a fun filled day of activities ranging from a guided hike, swim, mini dog fair, and animal safety demo’s with K-9 unit and B.A.R.K. (Buckeye Area Regional K-9), and be sure to view the dogs available to adopt.  Admission is $5.00 per dog and the donation will be split between the Cleveland APL and the Medina SPCA. 
http://www.clevelandmetroparks.com/Main/EventsProgramsCalendar/Dog-Paddle-and-PetaPalooza-507.aspx, Make sure to place your vote for the final winner of "Pet of the Month" in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

The choice is yours! $1 counts as one vote, so vote as much as you can! All votes support the Cleveland APL's life-saving programs and services, so please spread the word to your friends and family.

Place your vote by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/, Do you believe in love at first sight? Ninja, a homeless dog made a believer out of Annika. Watch their story now at http://bit.ly/1qMho6R.  Discover how lives change forever when you start with Food, Shelter & Love. Share your own pet adoption photos, too!, Have you placed your vote for the last "Pet of the Month" for our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest? It only costs $1 per vote and will support the Cleveland APL!

Did you know that $1 will supply 10 vaccine syringes/needles for APL's Animal Welfare Clinic?

Place your vote:https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/, Today's #MustAskMonday question is:

What do you and your pet(s) like to do on a rainy day like today?, null, The votes have been counted for the top 11 “Pets of the Month” for the Cleveland APL’s 2015 Pet Calendar Contest. Now, the last vote is up to you! That’s right – new this year, you get the chance to vote for your favorite photo to win the last month in the calendar! Last week, the photos were blind judged by our celebrity panel, and after tallying the top 11 photos, there were so many great photos that there was not one clear winner for the last spot. So this is where you come in!

In order to vote for the 12th photo in the Cleveland APL’s 2015 Pet Calendar, all you have to do is click on the link on the photo of your choice and make a $1 donation (or more if you choose!) to the Cleveland APL. After the donations are tallied, we will announce the winner on Monday, August 18th. So, get to voting!  Please remember $1 equals one vote!

Place your vote by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/cast-your-vote/!, Thank you to everyone who came out and adopted a new furry friend during the Stray Games! We are excited to report that 97 cats and 26 dogs were adopted from the Cleveland APL during the games!

Also, thanks to everyone who helped us spread the word. We could not have found loving homes for all of these wonderful animals without your support!

Did you adopt a new family member during the #CLEStrayGames? Share a photo of your furry friend with us!, Today is the very last day of the Stray Games and our adoptable animals are ready to win their gold medals -  loving homes! Make sure to visit the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter to adopt a furry friend today!  #CLEStrayGames, “Rover” is rolling over to the 13th Annual Cedar Fairmount Summer Festival in Cleveland Heights today! Bring the whole family for all of the festivities, including a pet parade and contest. You can also meet some of the APL’s adorable adoptables and take home a new best friend… “Stray Games” promotional pricing will be honored! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, The #CLEStrayGames are here! Visit the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter today or tomorrow and #adopt a new furry friend! 

Reduced fees:
- Adult dogs are $50 (including license fee) at all locations
- Adult cats are $5 at the Cleveland APL
- Kittens are $10 at the Cleveland APL

More info - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, The Cleveland APL Offsite Adoptions team will be back at SouthPark Mall today with kittens and dogs for you and your family to meet and fall in love with! We’ll be in the Cinemark area near Forever 21 from 11 am – 3 pm.   Then, from 4 – 6 pm, we’ll be at Party In the Orchard (Louisiana and W. 33rd St.) in the Brooklyn Centre neighborhood! “Stray Games” promotional pricing will be in effect at both of today’s events!  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, Today is Day 2 of the Stray Games! 

The Stray Games adoption event is being held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games Cleveland is taking place at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter today and tomorrow! Adoption fees for adult dogs are reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5  and $10 for kittens.

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! Make sure to visit the Cleveland APL this weekend during the Stray Games and adopt an adult dog, cat or kitten for a reduced adoption fee! Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, In celebration of the #CLEStrayGames, we have awarded Perdita #1 sweetheart!

This adorable 1-year-old Dalmatian mix is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Today, tomorrow and Sunday, adult dogs are $50 (including the license fee), cats are $5 and kittens are $10! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/

More about Perdita: http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=23102855&location=Cleveland+APL, Baby is rockin' her rainbow leash for the Stray Games and #GG9! Adopt Baby, a sweet 9-year-old Akita for just $50 (including the license fee) today through Sunday!
#CLEStrayGames https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, There is lots going on at the Cleveland APL today! Besides the #CLEStrayGames, our amazing panel of celebrity judges are here picking their favorite photos for our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! Q104 - Cleveland's Carley Mccord and Aly Tanner are placing their votes!, In celebration of the #CLEStrayGames, we have awarded Beetle Juice #1 cuddle buddy!

This adorable 7 year old is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Today, tomorrow and Sunday, cat adoption fees are just $5, kittens are $10 and adult dogs are $50(including the license fee)! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, Tiger, a sweet 10-year-old cat is ready for the Gay Games Cleveland, but is especially looking forward to the Stray Games today, tomorrow and Sunday! During the Stray Games, adoption fees for adult dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter! #CLEStrayGames
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, Everyone is ready. Tomorrow is the first day of Cleveland's Stray Games!

The Stray Games adoption event will be held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games Cleveland and will be held at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel ( Cleveland Animal Control Volunteers), and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter tomorrow through Sunday, August 10. Adoption fees for adult dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens.  

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, This wonderful group of friends held a bake sale and raised over $150 for the Cleveland APL! Thank you for helping the animals, girls! :), Darling is modeling one of our many rainbow retail items that will be available for purchase during the Stray Games! Darling is available for adoption today! #CLEStrayGames

Remember,  the Stray Games event will be held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games Cleveland at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel, and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter tomorrow through Sunday, August 10. Adoption fees for adult dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens. 
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, Today's special Stray Games  #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Judy Hunter, Director of Development, with Fred:

"Fred is a handsome and sweet 2-year-old kitty who had a rough start but is ready for a loving home. When Fred first came to the APL in early June as a stray, his ear was badly injured. After receiving medical treatment and lots of TLC, Fred is now waiting for the purrfect family to meet him."

Don't forget - tomorrow through Sunday during the Stray Games, adult dogs will be just $50 (including license fee), cats will be $5 and kittens only $10! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/ #CLEStrayGames, Our staff is decorating and getting ready for the arrival of the Stray Games participants! :) #CLEStrayGames https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, During our annual volunteer appreciation celebration on July 30th, 
Barbara Reitzloff, Cheryl and David Storgard, and Lesley Wright each received the prestigious award for their extraordinary volunteer service to the Cleveland APL and its animals. They were among fifteen other APL volunteers who earned President’s Gold Volunteer Service Awards based on the number of hours they contributed last year in addition to three others who earned their Lifetime Achievement. On behalf of our animals and staff members, thank you for your hard work and commitment to the Cleveland APL!, Today, Judge Ronald Adrine sentenced Willie Powell, Jr. to 6 months in jail for animal cruelty, which is the full sentence for a 1st degree misdemeanor. Upon responding to a report of possible animal abuse at Mr. Powell's Tremont residence, Cleveland APL humane investigators found 4 emaciated pit bull-type dogs living in small cages that were filled with their own waste. The dogs had no food or water. They were immediately transported to the APL where they received care. 

“We applaud Judge Adrine’s ruling and consider it to be a very positive step in making our community a safer and better place for animals and people alike,” said President & CEO Sharon Harvey. “By handing down the strongest possible sentence for jail time, Judge Adrine sent a clear message that these animals deserved justice.”

Below is a link to a story that ran back in March. Three of the four dogs were able to be rehabilitated and have since been placed and are living the lives they deserve.
, Queenie is showing off her Gay Games Cleveland gear in preparation for GG9 and the Stray Games!

In case you haven't heard, the Stray Games Event will be held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games at the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennels ( Cleveland Animal Control Volunteers), and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter this Friday, August 8 through Sunday, August 10! 

Adoption fees for adult dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens. Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/ #CLEStrayGames, We'd like to start the morning with a touching Cleveland APL Happy Tale! Here is Andy's story:

Lisa and her family had lost their Dalmatian in 2011 and could not think about having another dog until they met Andy.

"In May 2013, my husband and I talked about another dog.  Again, I still didn't want one, but I did look at profiles on your website.  There was an elderly female beagle who was on hold, so I looked at the other hounds.  One that caught my eye was a one year old beagle mix, Andy.  His goofy grin, tongue hanging out of the side of his mouth, won me over.  So, we piled in the car and came down to Willey Avenue to visit him.  He was so quiet and calm in his kennel, so he was taken out and placed in a visiting room with us.  So much for calm!  I fell in love with him instantly (he was the first--and last--kennel I went to).  I immediately went to the front desk to complete the adoption process.  May 29, 2013, Andy (known as Andy to you also) came home with us. He has learned basic commands (sit, stay, down, speak) and listens when he wants to (it's the beagle in him).  He is a great companion, wild, goofy, and a loving member of our household.  I cannot imagine life without him. Thank you for all you do for animals in the Greater Cleveland area! I am proud to recommend your organization to everyone seeking to add a furry family member to their home.  Attached is a photo taken his first day at home. Thank you again!" - Lisa, The Stray Games are coming up this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, so we're featuring the many talents of our adoptable animals who will be available for a reduced adoption fee!

Poppy is the best jumper at the Cleveland APL! He is a 3-year-old Great Dane mix who has been at the APL for a couple of weeks. He's a fun and sweet guy who is waiting for a loving home!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=23422276&location=Cleveland+APL, Have you downloaded our adoption app yet? If not, make sure to visit the App Store on your iOS device or Google Play on your Android and search for Cleveland APL to download. The app is free and allows you to view all of our animals who are currently available for adoption!, With The Stray Games coming up this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, we will be featuring the many talents of our adoptable animals who will be available for a reduced adoption fee this Friday through Sunday!

This adorable guy is Bandicoot, a 4-year-old Chow Chow/Retriever mix who loves the water! He is the #1 swimmer at the Cleveland APL and hopes to find a loving home before or during The Stray Games this weekend!  #CLEStrayGames http://bit.ly/1nlrV5C, Don’t just take your dog for a walk… Take your Walk for a Dog! Go to WoofTrax.com, download the app on your Android or iOS device, and support the Cleveland Animal Protective League every time you walk!, Check out Angel on the Cat TV! 

Angel is an adorable girl who came to the Cleveland APL in April. Because she was so shy, she moved into our adoptions office so the adoptions team could work at socializing her. She was scared at first but quickly charmed the staff as she got more comfortable. Angel is a curious, loving, wide-eyed and tiny little thing! Angel's ideal household would be one with no small children. However, she does well with other cats and dogs, so she’d be great for a household with furry children instead.
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22564126&location=Cleveland+APL, The Stray Games Event will be held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games at each of the three host shelters on Friday, August 8 through Sunday, August 10. Adoption fees for dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens. Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/  #CLEStrayGames, As athletes from around the world visit Cleveland for the Gay Games Cleveland, the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennels ( Cleveland Animal Control Volunteers), and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter are teaming up to help the homeless animals in our care win their gold medals – loving homes!

The Stray Games Event will be held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games at each of the three host shelters on Friday, August 8 through Sunday, August 10. Adoption fees for dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens. Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/

#CLEStrayGames, Today is the very last day to enter your pet's photo into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! Please consider entering your furry friend's photo. The $25 entry supports our life-saving programs and services.
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, “Rover” will be at the North Royalton Animal Hospital’s 9th Annual Pet Carnival Sunday, August 3rd from 1-4pm. Bring your whole family (even your 4-legged ones!) to enjoy the festivities and meet the adorable adoptables from the Cleveland APL!, Have you entered your pet's photo into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest? If not, you still have time! Photo entries will be accepted through tomorrow, Sunday, August 3rd, so enter your furry friend's photo today!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Good morning, everyone!  Today, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present this flyer https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Event-Flyer-Updated-Participating-Locations.pdf and 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

*Also, make sure to stop by the Bob Evans Restaurant on Snow Road in Brook Park from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. where Rover, the Cleveland APL’s mobile adoption unit, will have animals available for adoption! https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Enjoy a delicious meal and support the Cleveland APL tomorrow!  Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present this flyer https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Event-Flyer-Updated-Participating-Locations.pdf and 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

Also, make sure to stop by the Bob Evans Restaurant on Snow Road in Brook Park from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. where Rover, the Cleveland APL’s mobile adoption unit, will have animals available for adoption!
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! There's still time to adopt a feline friend today during #DollarCatDays! Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, null, Edd and Tigress are just two of the many sweet kitties who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL. Visit our adoption center in Tremont today, the last day of #DollarCatDays and adopt your new best friend.

Remember, adult cats over 1 year of age are available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year are available for only $20 TODAY ONLY.
https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, Tomorrow, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present this flyer https://clevelandapl.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Event-Flyer-Updated-Participating-Locations.pdf and 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

Also, make sure to stop by the Bob Evans Restaurant on Snow Road in Brook Park from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. where Rover, the Cleveland APL’s mobile adoption unit, will have animals available for adoption!
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Although the deadline to enter a photo into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest is today, we will accept all entries submitted through the weekend as well! Please consider entering your furry friend's photo. The $25 entry supports our life-saving programs and services.
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, #DollarCatDay has been extended! Adult cats over 1 year of age will be available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $20 at our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow!!!!
Please SHARE and help us spread the word!
https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Sharon Harvey, President & CEO, with Norman and Sherman:

Norman (left) and Sherman are the perfect pair! These two adorable Shiba Inu mixes came to the Cleveland APL in the beginning of June. They love to romp and play together and would be thrilled to find a loving home together!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, What's black, white and sweet all over? The cats and kittens at the Cleveland APL! See for yourself and come to our adoption center in Tremont! Adult cats (over 1) are available for adoption for only $1 and kittens are $20 today and tomorrow! #DollarCatDays
https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, Our mobile adoption unit “Rover” is at the downtown Cleveland Justice Center now until 1 p.m.! Stop by and meet some of our adoptable animals! 

“Rover” is parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Ave. across from the Justice Center.  #JusticeFurAll, #DollarCatDay has been extended! Adult cats over 1 year of age will be available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $20 at our adoption center in Tremont today and tomorrow!!!!
https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, Today is the last day to vote for Uno!

We are excited to be a finalist in the Wahl Dirty Dogs Photo Contest and we need YOUR help! If Uno's photo/story receives enough votes, the Cleveland APL will win a $5,000 cash grant! Get voting and help us spread the word! Voting will go through July 31 and you can vote once a day. VOTE NOW -- http://bit.ly/DirtyDogsContest2014, Have you been trying to search for an answer to an important question? You will likely find the answer at the Cleveland APL! Meet Google, Yahoo, Bing and Jeeves- 4 sweet kittens who are waiting for loving homes! :)

Come down to our adoption center in Tremont today through Friday and adopt one of these sweet kitties for $20. Remember, adult cats (over 1 year of age) are available for $1 now through Friday! 
https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, Homeless animals in Cuyahoga County are breaking out their rainbow gear and training hard in preparation for the Stray Games adoption event! As athletes from around the world visit Cleveland for the Gay Games Cleveland, the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennel ( Cleveland Animal Control Volunteers), and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter are teaming up to help the homeless animals in our care win their gold medals – loving homes! #CLEStrayGames https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/, Have you entered a photo of your furry friend into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest? If not, you still have time! Although the entry deadline is this Friday, August 1st, we will accept all photos that come in over the weekend as well! 

Check out some fabulous photos that have been entered so far. We are are lucky we have our celebrity judge panel to pick the winners- we wouldn't be able to! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's  Lee Jordan - WEWS is helping us spread the word! All of the wonderful cats and kittens at the Cleveland APL need loving homes! Visit our adoption center in Tremont today through Friday and adopt a cat (over 1 year of age) for only $1 or a kitten for $20 during #DollarCatDays! , Smokey is a sweet 1-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL a month ago because his owner could no longer care for him. As you can see, Smokey is a handsome guy who does great with other cats, dogs, and kids! Plus, today through Friday all adult cats have an adoption fee of just $1 at our adoption center in Tremont!

Meet Smokey and all of the other adorable cats and kittens this week during Dollar Cat Days! 
https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, Dollar Cat Day has been extended! There are still lots of adorable cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL, so we have extended Dollar Cat Day until this Friday, August 1st.

That's right, tomorrow through Friday, come to our adoption center in Tremont and adopt an adult cat (over 1 year of age) for just $1 or a kitten for $20. https://clevelandapl.org/dollar-cat-day-extended/, As athletes from around the world visit Cleveland for the Gay Games Cleveland, the Cleveland APL, City of Cleveland Kennels (Cleveland Animal Control Volunteers), and Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter are teaming up to help the homeless animals in our care win their gold medals – loving homes!

The Stray Games Event will be held in conjunction with the opening weekend of the Gay Games at each of the three host shelters on Friday, August 8 through Sunday, August 10. Adoption fees for dogs will be reduced to $50 (including the license fee) and cat adoption fees at the Cleveland APL will be reduced to $5 for adult cats and $10 for kittens. Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-stray-games-adoption-event/
 
#CLEStrayGames, On August 2, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present the flyer linked on https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ and 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer., Ella is a loving 10-year-old kitty who came to the Cleveland APL all the way back in January! This adorable girl loves snuggling and a good can of cat food! Visit Ella at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store and give her the happily ever after she deserves!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=21843974&location=Parma+PetSmart, The deadline to enter your pet's photo into our calendar contest has been extended! That's right - you have some extra time to pose your pets and enter their photos! The deadline has been extended to Friday, August 1!

Learn more or enter your pet's photo by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., This Saturday's the day!

On August 2, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present the flyer linked on https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ and 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer., Meet Pepita, a sweet 1-year-old Hound mix! Pepita does great with kids and has lots of energy. She would do best with an active family. Pepita does well with most dogs but has not been around cats. Visit Pepita at our adoption center in Tremont! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=21229647&location=Cleveland+APL, Are you looking to add a furry friend to your family? Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store today and adopt your new best friend! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/ to view our hours., The deadline to enter your pet's photo into our calendar contest has been extended! That's right - you have some extra time to pose your pets and enter their photos! The original deadline of Friday, July 25, has been extended until Friday, August 1!

Learn more or enter your pet's photo by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., null, Have you voted for Uno today?

We are excited to be a finalist in the Wahl Dirty Dogs Photo Contest and we need YOUR help! If Uno's photo/story receives enough votes, the Cleveland APL will win a $5,000 cash grant! Get voting and help us spread the word! Voting will go through July 31 and you can vote once a day. VOTE NOW -- http://bit.ly/DirtyDogsContest2014, On Saturday, August 2, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present the flyer linked on https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

With more than 20 locations participating, this will be a great way to show your love of animals and support for the Cleveland APL!, Less than 3 hours of #DollarCatDay left! Visit our adoption center in Tremont and adopt an adult cat for $1 or a kitten for $10.  View all of our adoptable animals who are currently waiting for loving homes by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! There's still time to adopt a feline friend today! Our adoption center in Tremont is open until 8pm!, There are lots of wonderful cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes. Meet them all today at our adoption center in Tremont. Adult cats over 1 year of age are available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year are available for only $10.  We are also extending adoption hours and will remain open for adoptions until 8:00 p.m. tonight, so stop by! #DollarCatDay
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/dollar-cat-day-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Are you looking for a cuddly feline friend? We have lots of them waiting for you at the Cleveland APL! Come to our adoption center in Tremont today between 11 a.m. and 8 p.m. to adopt a cat for just $1 or a kitten for $10 TODAY ONLY!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/dollar-cat-day-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Deadline extended! That's right - you have some extra time to pose your pets and enter their photos in the Cleveland APL’s 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! The original deadline of Friday, July 25, has been extended until Friday, August 1!

Learn more or enter your pet's photo by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., Tomorrow is Dollar Cat Day at the Cleveland APL!

That's right - tomorrow only, adult cats over 1 year of age will be available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $10 at our adoption center in Tremont. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/dollar-cat-day-at-the-cleveland-apl/, The deadline to enter your pet's photo into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest is TOMORROW! Make sure to send your photos in now!  Remember, the entry fee is $25, and your pet’s picture is guaranteed to be included in the calendar. The entry fee also includes a copy of our full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November 2014.  https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Have you voted for Uno today? 

We are excited to be a finalist in the Wahl Dirty Dogs Photo Contest and we need YOUR help! If Uno's photo/story receives enough votes, the Cleveland APL will win a $5,000 cash grant! Get voting and help us spread the word! Voting will go through July 31 and you can vote once a day. VOTE NOW -- http://bit.ly/DirtyDogsContest2014, Tomorrow is Dollar Cat Day at the Cleveland APL!

That's right - tomorrow only, adult cats over 1 year of age will be available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $10 at our adoption center in Tremont. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/dollar-cat-day-at-the-cleveland-apl/, What's your pup's favorite toy?, The 6th Annual Jimmy Rice Cornhole Tournament and Fundraiser will take place this Saturday, July 26 at Game of Wickliffe. All donations from the event benefit the Cleveland APL! Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Dollar Cat Day is this Friday at our adoption center in Tremont! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/dollar-cat-day-at-the-cleveland-apl/

That's right - all adult cats over 1 year of age will be available for only $1, and kittens under 1 year will be available for only $10 at our adoption center in Tremont. The APL is also extending adoption hours on this night and will remain open for adoptions until 8:00 p.m. 

Skip the dollar dogs this weekend and bring home a fabulous new kitty companion instead. The joy of a hotdog only lasts a few minutes, the joy of love from a cat lasts a lifetime—and it’s much better for your waistline!, Dollar dog night is a long-standing event at Cleveland Indians Progressive Field, with some even calling it an American tradition. Not wanting the dogs to have all the fun, Cleveland cats are getting in on the action this year, too, and the Cleveland APL is celebrating Dollar Cat Day on Friday, July 25th, by dropping adoption fees to the lowest of the year.
Read more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/dollar-cat-day-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Like a toy someone got tired of playing with, Greensbee, a young rabbit was dropped off in a park with nothing else but a bag of carrots.  Thankfully, a Good Samaritan found sweet Greensbee and brought her to the Cleveland Animal Protective League for help. 

Read Greensbee's story and see how you can help make a difference in the life of this sweet rabbit. https://t.e2ma.net/message/ku5a5/opkefb, We are getting some fur-tastic photo entries for the calendar contest! Do you have a cute photo of your furry friend? The July 25th deadline is just 4 days away, so make sure to enter it today! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Did you hear?! On Saturday, August 2, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present the flyer linked on https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

With more than 20 locations participating, this will be a great way to show your love of animals and support for the Cleveland APL!, 5 days left to enter your pet's photo into our calendar contest!  

Submit your furry friend's photo to our photo fundraiser, and your pet could be featured as a pet of the month in our 2015 pet calendar!
The last day to make your pet a star is Friday, July 25. Your $25 photo entry fee will support the programs and services at the Cleveland APL! Submit your photos today - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Sweet Patience is daydreaming about finding a loving family. This adorable 5-and-a-half-year-old Boxer/Hound mix has been at the Cleveland APL since early April. She does great with kids but should not go to a home with cats. Please visit Patience at our adoption center in Tremont today! You can find her hanging out with our adoptions staff behind the front desk.

Questions about Patience or any of our other adoptable animals? Call 216-771-4616, ext. 0 (adoption center in Tremont) or 440-845-9592, ext. 5 (EAC in PetSmart store in Parma).
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22435306&location=Cleveland+APL, Today is #MustAskMonday.  With the deadline for our Pet Calendar Contest quickly approaching (this Friday!), we want to know:

What's your favorite photo of your pet?

*If you haven't entered your pet's photo yet, visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., Are you looking to add a furry friend to your family? Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store today and adopt your new best friend! Visit https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/ to view our hours., Vote for Uno! We are excited to be a finalist in the Wahl Dirty Dogs Photo Contest and we need YOUR help! If Uno's photo/story receives enough votes, the Cleveland APL will win a $5,000 cash grant!

Get voting and help us spread the word! Voting will go through July 31 and you can vote once a day. VOTE NOW -- http://bit.ly/DirtyDogsContest2014, Time is running out - less than 1 week left to make your furry friend a star! Enter your precious pet's photo into our Pet Calendar Contest today! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Are you headed to Taste of Tremont tomorrow? If so, make sure to look for Rover, our mobile adoptions unit in front of the Cleveland Public Library! We will be there with adoptable dogs and cats!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Join us tomorrow at outside of Barnes & Noble at Crocker Park from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.! We will be there with Rover, our mobile adoptions unit and adoptable cats and dogs! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and come meet your new family member this weekend at the Cleveland APL! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Vote for Uno! We are excited to be a finalist in the Wahl Dirty Dogs Photo Contest and we need YOUR help! If Uno's photo/story receives enough votes, the Cleveland APL will win a $5,000 cash grant!

Get voting and help us spread the word! Voting will go through July 31 and you can vote once a day. VOTE NOW -- http://bit.ly/DirtyDogsContest2014, One week left to enter the Cleveland APL's Pet Calendar Contest!  Submit your furry friend's photo to our photo fundraiser, and your pet could be featured as a pet of the month in our 2015 pet calendar!

The last day to make your pet a star is Friday, July 25. Your $25 photo entry fee will support the programs and services at the Cleveland APL! Submit your photos today - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Check out some of these adorable Pet Calendar Contest photo entries! Do you have a sweet photo of your furry friend? The July 25th deadline is almost 1 week away, so make sure to enter it today! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2015CalendarRegistration, Olivia and Twist are siblings and also best friends. These 11-year-old cuties have been together since birth and are incredibly bonded, as you can see from this photo! They would love to go to a new, loving home together. Could that home be yours? Visit these two BFFs at our adoption center in Tremont!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Shari Gibbs, Finance Manager, along with Chuck:

"Chuck is a sweet 1-year-old mouse who is waiting for a loving home! He has been at the Cleveland APL since March, when he was surrendered to us. Visit Chuck at our adoption center in Tremont today!", Looking for an easy way to help the Cleveland APL? We are in need of Ziploc bags for our clinic. Visit our wish list today! Thank you for your support!
, Vote for Uno! We are excited to be a finalist in the Wahl Dirty Dogs Photo Contest and we need YOUR help! If Uno's photo/story receives enough votes, the Cleveland APL will win a $5,000 cash grant! 

Get voting and help us spread the word! Voting will go through July 31 and you can vote once a day. VOTE NOW -- http://bit.ly/DirtyDogsContest2014, What an adorable kitten! This little baby, along with his brother – were rescued from the streets of Cleveland by a project CARE volunteer.

Abandoned by their mother, these 4 week old kittens had little hope. Project CARE provides a free TNR (trap/neuter/release) program for the Clark Fulton/Brooklyn Centre neighborhoods. Thanks to project CARE’s work in the community, these little ones were rescued and are currently in foster care being bottle fed until they are old enough for adoption. These babies, along with many others are being saved because of this much needed outreach program in Cleveland.

Learn more about project CARE - https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/project-care/, On Saturday, August 2, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland APL! Present the flyer linked on https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/ 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

With more than 20 locations participating, this will be a great way to show your love of animals and support for the Cleveland APL!, July is #AdoptAShelterRabbitMonth! Meet Bobby, a sweet rabbit who is waiting for a loving home. Bobby is just six months old and is available at our adoption center in Tremont! Visit Bobby and the rest of our small mammals today! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/, Does your picture-perfect pet like to strike a pose for the camera? Now is a great time to capture a picture to submit to our photo fundraiser, and your pet could be featured as a pet of the month in our 2015 pet calendar!

The last day to make your furry friend a star is next Friday, July 25. Your $25 photo entry fee will support the programs and services at the Cleveland APL! Submit your photos today - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Bibble is a one-year-old Mastiff/Boxer mix who was transferred last month to the Cleveland APL from another shelter. He is a fun-loving guy who knows how to “say please” by sitting. Bibble has been in training through the APL’s project STAR behavior program and enjoys learning new things.  He is very attentive during training sessions. Recently, Bibble learned to roll over. Bibble is a strong dog who will benefit from continued training and an experienced dog owner. 

Please call our adoption center in Tremont at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 for more information about Bibble or any of our other wonderful adoptable animals! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22982999&location=Cleveland+APL, Are you in the mood for a  Cleveland APL Happy Tale? Read Nico's story:

"Just 4 days ago, my husband and I adopted our first kitten. His name was David, but we renamed him Nico!  It just fit:) 

Nico is so much fun and a great addition to our home. He immediately got comfortable and made our home his. He has stolen our hearts!!! And we couldn't imagine not having him. Thank you for finding him and taking care of him for us until we found him!" 
- Kristen and Vinny, No one knows how many animals die as a result of being left in overheated cars, but even one is too many. The sun we love so much can pose real dangers to animals and we need you to help us to keep them safe. Learn the ways in which you can help - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/you-can-save-the-life-of-a-pet/, More fabulous Pet Calendar Contest photo entries are coming in! Check them out and think of a creative photo that you can capture of your furry friend. The July 25th deadline is less than 2 weeks away, so enter your pet's photo today! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2015CalendarRegistration, Help! We are in need of a few 20 and 40 gallon aquariums for our small mammals! Also, we have a great need for medium sized plastic crates for our project CARE program's Trap-Neuter-Return (TNR) efforts. If you are able to donate any of these items, please bring it to our adoption center in Tremont located at:

1729 Willey Avenue in Cleveland.

We are open from 11am to 6:30pm Monday-Friday, 10am to 5pm Saturday, and noon to 4 on Sunday!, Yippee! We officially reached 30,000 likes on our Facebook page over the weekend. Thanks to everyone who follows us and helps to share our posts and spread the word about the Cleveland APL! 

Make sure to connect with us on Twitter! Follow us @ClevelandAPL, Our website is currently down due to server maintenance but will be up and running shortly. Thank you for your patience!, Want to easily view all of our animals who are currently available for adoption? Then make sure to download our new, free adoption app available for iOS and Android devices!  https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/download-our-new-adoption-app, Meet Bibble, a fantastic, young Mastiff/Boxer mix available at our adoption center in Tremont.  We're open today until 5pm.  , There are lots of wonderful animals who are waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store. Visit them today!, 2 weeks left! Do you have a photo of your furry friend that you would like to enter in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest? Don't delay - the deadline is just 2 weeks away!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Follow Rover for a reduced fee!

Check out our offsite adoption events that will be taking place tomorrow both at the Frostville Museum Farmer’s Market and Rocky River Days!

*** Don't forget - this weekend only, cats will be available for adoption for just $5, and kittens will be just $25 at all offsite adoption events!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and come meet your new family member this weekend at the Cleveland APL!, TWO WEEKS LEFT! That's right - only 2 weeks until the deadline for photo entries! Make sure to enter your furry friend's photo by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., Thanks to Sarah (far right in photo) who asked for donations for the Cleveland APL for her 9th birthday!, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Barb Lee, Development Associate, along with Paris:

"Paris is a sweetheart who has been waiting for a loving home for almost a whole year! Paris is almost 7 years old and would do best as the only kitty in the house. Please visit Paris at the PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center today!" http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=20750493&location=Parma+PetSmart
, Our mobile adoption unit “Rover” will be at the downtown Cleveland Justice Center during lunchtime today! Stop by and meet some of the dogs and cats the APL has available for adoption! *** Remember, this week/weekend only, cats will be available for adoption for just $5, and kittens will be just $25 at all offsite adoption events!

“Rover” will be parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Ave. across from the Justice Center. “Rover” is scheduled to be on site from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. today!!  #JusticeFurAll, Our mobile adoption unit “Rover” will be at the downtown Cleveland Justice Center during lunchtime tomorrow! Jurors and other people working downtown can visit the truck and meet some of the dogs and cats the APL has available for adoption. *** This week/weekend only, cats will be available for adoption for just $5, and kittens will be just $25 at all offsite adoption events!

“Rover” will be parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Ave. across from the Justice Center. “Rover” is scheduled to be on site from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. tomorrow. #JusticeFurAll, WE ARE IN NEED OF TOWELS!

We currently have three dryers down that cannot be repaired for another day or two. We desperately need clean towels for our animals and for our surgery patients. If you are able to donate towels, please bring them to our adoption center in Tremont! https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/

Thank you for your support!, Are you looking for a quick and easy way to make a difference for the animals who are waiting for homes at the Cleveland APL?

Our cats and kittens are in need of toys! Even pipe cleaners will do! Check out our Amazon Wish List to for some ideas - http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV, In celebration of our 1,234th adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center, we came up with a little rhyme: 

1, 2, 3, 4, come down and visit our adoption floor! We have lots of pets available for adoption at the Petsmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store., For all you Star Trek fans out there... :), On Saturday, August 2, Bob Evans Restaurants of Cleveland, Akron, and Medina (which includes over 20 locations) will accept flyers from guests to support the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Present this flyer and 15% of your total bill will go to the Cleveland APL! You can also just mention the flyer.

With more than 20 locations participating, this will be a great way to show your love of animals and support for the Cleveland APL!
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Start your Tuesday with a smile and read this touching Cleveland APL Happy Tale:

"It's been two years ago this week we adopted Korman from you, and I just wanted to drop you a note to say a big "Thank you!"

From the beginning this dog has been remarkably consistent in two areas. He's filled with an overflowing joy for life, and he has a passionate love of his people. Every single day he shares that joy, and every single day he says, "I love you guys!" That is a combination that just can't be beat.

I don't have any new photos that are good enough to share, but I enclose my old favorite just in case there's somebody there who remembers him.

To have joy and love like that brought into your life each day by a little brown dog is something I'm deeply thankful for. Thanks for rescuing him, and thanks for matching him up with us! - Connie"

Do you have a Happy Tale to share? E-mail it to contact@clevelandapl.org along with a photo of your furry friend!, We are thrilled to report that 100 cats and kittens found loving homes over the weekend! Thank you to those who adopted a new furry friend and those who helped us spread the word about the reduced adoption fees!

Did you adopt a kitty? We'd love to see photos!  Feel free to post them on our Facebook page. 

Also, now that you have your furry addition to your family, please consider entering his or her adorable photo into our Pet Calendar Contest! Who knows, their photo might win! Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, CITY KENNEL FULL OF LOST DOGS - Word from kennel staff and volunteers is that the City of Cleveland Kennel is bursting at the seams with found dogs. If you lost your dog in or near the City of Cleveland limits over the holiday weekend, PLEASE go down to the Cleveland Kennel today to look for them. Make sure to bring proof of ownership (license/registration, vet records, photographs, etc.) with you, plus your drivers license. 

City of Cleveland Division of Animal Control Services 
2690 W. 7th St., Cleveland, OH, 44113 
Monday - Saturday 10 a.m. - 3 p.m., 216-664-3069

**NOTE:  Please remember that lost dogs should not to the Cleveland APL, but rather the City of Cleveland Kennel or the Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter.

View more Cleveland APL animal resources on our website: https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/animal-resources/, Check out some of the fantastic 2015 Pet Calendar Contest entries so far! We sure are glad we don't have to pick the winners...

Learn about how to enter your pet's photo into the contest. Remember, there's only 3 weeks left to enter, so start sending your photos in today! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, null, Are you looking for a kitty companion? Come to our adoption center in Tremont TODAY from 12 until 4 p.m. and adopt a cat for just $5 or a kitten for only $17.76! 

Details - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, The kittens are here!!!

Are you ready to add a sweet kitty to your family? Visit our adoption center in Tremont today from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. or tomorrow from noon to 4 p.m. and adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for only $17.76.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, Are you going to be out shopping tomorrow? If so, make sure to stop by SouthPark Mall in Strongsville to meet some of our adoptable animals! We will be there from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and all cat adoption fees will be reduced to $5 and kittens to only $17.76!, The Kittens are Coming, the Kittens are Coming! Did you hear? There's a Kitten Revolution at the Cleveland APL this weekend!  We currently have close to 200, friendly cats available for adoption with nearly half of them being kittens! So, to help them, kittens will have a drastically reduced adoption fee of only $17.76. And while we’re at it, cats over 1 year old will have an adoption fee of only $5!

Our adoption center in Tremont will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow from 12 p.m. to 4 p.m. on Sunday!, Enjoy the day with your furry friend and make sure to snap a cute photo to enter into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! You only have 3 weeks left until the entry deadline, so make sure to get them in. https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Happy 4th of July! Please note that our adoption center in Tremont is closed today. If you are interested in adopting a furry friend, stop by our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®. The EAC will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Also, make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow or Sunday to adopt a feline friend. Cats will be $5 and kittens will be $17.76! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, Our adoption center in Tremont will be closed tomorrow. If you are interested in adopting a furry friend, stop by our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®. The EAC will be open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Also, make sure to come to our adoption center in Tremont Saturday and Sunday for $5 cat adoption fees and $17.76 kitten adoption fees! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and come meet your new family member this weekend at the Cleveland APL! Remember, cat adoption fees are just $5 and kitten adoption fees are only $17.76 this Saturday and Sunday at our adoption center in Tremont!, The Kittens are Coming, the Kittens are Coming! $17.76 for kittens and $5 for adult cats at the Cleveland APL this Saturday and Sunday. Please share and help us spread the word!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/

View all of our adorable cats and kittens by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ or downloading our free Cleveland APL adoptions app on your iOS or Android device today!, While the 4th of July can be a fun and festive time for many people, it can be scary, loud and potentially dangerous for our pets. Please take a look at the ASPCA's safety tips for the 4th of July! We wish you and your furry friends a safe and happy 4th!  http://www.aspca.org/pet-care/fourth-july-safety-tips, We also had a special visit from Charlie! For her 5th birthday, Charlie asked for donations for the Cleveland APL. Charlie and her family are foster care volunteers. Happy birthday and thank you, Charlie!, A few members of our Development and Adoptions teams had the pleasure of meeting and thanking Jemma this morning. Jemma stopped in to drop off the donations she raised yesterday after selling her stuffed animals on a street corner in Tremont. She was excited to visit with all of the animals at the APL, especially the kitties!  Read this amazing little girl's story that aired on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland yesterday at http://on.wkyc.com/1jKZn59, You've got to be "kitten" me! How cute are these guys?! Don't forget - kitten adoption fees will be just $17.76 this Saturday & Sunday at our adoption center in Tremont during Kitten Revolution! Also, cat adoption fees will be reduced to just $5!

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, Did you see Jemma's story on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland yesterday? If you didn't, make sure to check it out! This thoughtful and caring 5 year old sold her stuffed animals to raise money for the Cleveland APL! Thank you to Jemma and her mom for helping to make a difference for the animals!, The kittens at the Cleveland APL are climbing the walls trying to find loving homes! They're ready for their freedom and for love – and they want these things now! So, to help them, kittens will have a drastically reduced adoption fee of only $17.76. And while we’re at it, cats over 1 year old will have an adoption fee of only $5 at our adoption center in Tremont this Saturday and Sunday!, We have close to 200 cats available for adoption at the Cleveland APL with nearly half of them being kittens! Yep, your read that right - about 100 adorable, sweet kittens are waiting for you to adopt them!

These kitties are all fighting for good homes, for their freedom and for love – and they want these things now! So, to help them, kittens will have a drastically reduced adoption fee of only $17.76. And while we’re at it, cats over 1 year old will have an adoption fee of only $5!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, Hit It Big For a Good Cause – The Legendary Hanford Dixon Horseshoe Casino Golf Invitational

Showcase your golf prowess while supporting a worthy cause with Horseshoe Cleveland on Monday, July 7.  Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, There’s a kitten revolution starting this weekend at the Cleveland APL! We currently have close to 200 friendly cats available for adoption with nearly half of them being kittens! So, to help them, kittens will have a drastically reduced adoption fee of only $17.76. And while we’re at it, cats over 1 year old will have an adoption fee of only $5 this Saturday and Sunday at the Cleveland APL!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, This is our "Maroon 5"!  Maria, Renee, Stephanie, Katie and Lori are all a part of our fantastic adoptions team at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in PetSmart store in Parma! Visit the EAC to meet our adoptable animals today! https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, The Kittens are Coming, the Kittens are Coming!

There’s a kitten revolution starting this weekend at the Cleveland APL. This Saturday, from 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. and Sunday, from 12 p.m. – 4 p.m., adoption fees will be reduced to $5 for cats and $17.76 for kittens.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-kittens-are-coming-the-kittens-are-coming/, UPDATE: The Cleveland Gladiators: AF1 Helmets and Hounds event scheduled for this Saturday, July 5 has been canceled. 

The actual game is still being played but you will not be allowed to bring your dog into the arena for the game. If you have any questions please contact Luke Sebastian, Group Events Specialist at (216) 420-2184. If you have already purchased dog tickets please let Luke know so that your tickets can be refunded., null, The kittens are coming to the Cleveland APL! This Saturday, July 5 from 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. and Sunday, July 6 from 12 p.m. – 4 p.m., adoption fees will be reduced to $5 for cats over 1 year old and $17.76 for cats younger than 1 year old. Help us SPREAD THE WORD!, The Kittens are Coming, the Kittens are Coming!
http://bit.ly/1lKHIih, Today is #MustAskMonday.

What is your dog's favorite outdoor activity in the summer?, Did you know you can support the Cleveland APL by purchasing an item off of our wish list? Items that we are currently in need of include dry erase markers, dog treats, dog toys and much more!, Moe is sure to bring a smile to your face on this Monday morning! :)

Moe is a sweet 2-year-old girl who came to the Cleveland APL in early June. Moe does great with other cats, dogs, and children. Visit this adorable kitty at our adoption center in Tremont today!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22891011&location=Cleveland+APL, Don't forget - there is one month left to enter your furry friend into our Pet Calendar Contest! Learn more by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, The Cleveland Gladiators invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the Helmets and Hounds event at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday, July 5, 2014. The Gladiators  will be playing the Portland Thunder and the game will start at 6 p.m. Purchase your Helmets and Hounds tickets today! 
Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, We have LOTS of kitties who are waiting for loving homes, so add some more fun to your weekend by coming to our adoption center in Tremont and adopting! We are open today from 10am until 5pm and tomorrow from noon to 4pm., Hit It Big For a Good Cause – The Legendary Hanford Dixon Horseshoe Casino Golf Invitational

Showcase your golf prowess while supporting a worthy cause with Horseshoe Cleveland on Monday, July 7. Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and come meet your new family member this weekend at the Cleveland APL!, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features April Clark, Associate Director of Development, along with Charlie:

"Charlie is a sweet and adorable 2-month-old kitten who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. This sweet girl loves to snuggle and play. If you are looking for a sweet addition to your family, visit the Cleveland APL!"
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22772690&location=Cleveland+APL, We're proud to feed Hill's® Science Diet™  

Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love™ program donates food for our homeless pets 365 days a year. This provides precisely balanced nutrition that helps these pets find their way to happier, healthier lives. We’re proud to feed Hill’s® Science Diet™!, ONE MONTH LEFT to enter your pet's photo into our Pet Calendar Contest! Entries can be easily submitted online and your entry fee will support the Cleveland APL! PLEASE SHARE!

Remember, by entering your pet into the contest, his or her photo will be pictured somewhere within the calendar. They will also get the chance to win a whole month in the calendar! With the entry fee, you will also receive your own calendar in the mail! Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Thanks to this wonderful group kids who sold lemonade to raise money for the Cleveland APL! :) They even took the time to make this beautiful sign! On behalf of all of the animals in our care, we thank you for your kindness and generosity!, Did you stop by to meet the animals who were available for adoption outside of the Justice Center this afternoon?

If you missed it, check out WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's video, photos and information about #JusticeForAll!, Our last post for #AdoptAShelterCatMonth features an "angel of a cat!"

Angel is an adorable little sandwich-stealer that came into the Cleveland APL back in April. Because she was so shy, she was moved into the adoptions office so the adoptions team could work at socializing her. She was scared at first but quickly charmed the staff as she got more comfortable with everyone and her personality started to shine. 

Angel is a curious, loving, wide-eyed and TINY little thing who immediately gained a reputation for stealing food right out of staff members' mouths. Although she’s blossomed into a great little girl, she still is a bit shy, so her ideal household would be one with no small children. However, she has no troubles with other cats and dogs, so she’d be great for a household with furry children instead.
Learn more about Angel - clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22564126&location=Cleveland+APL, Great news! Our power is back on at the EAC! :), ATTENTION: Our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma is currently without power. All of our animals, staff and volunteers are safe, but please know that if you are trying to call, the power is out. We have heard the power may be back on at 3pm, but we will keep you updated as to when it's back., Here is another example of our project CARE program's success stories, and the importance of outreach and support for low income pet owners.

Featured here are before and after photos of Mimi and Bear. Their owners were unable to afford grooming for the two dogs.
Thanks to the The Mutt Hutt, these two are now stylin' and profilin'! Their owners were brought to tears when the two dogs arrived back at their home after being groomed. Both dogs have also been spayed, neutered, and vaccinated thanks to project CARE.

Learn more about project CARE - https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/project-care/, Do you work in downtown CLE? Stop by the Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court now! 

Our mobile adoption unit “Rover” is parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Ave. across from the Justice Center. “Rover” will be there with our adorable adoptables until 1 today!  #JusticeFurAll, For #ThrowbackThursday, we're sharing an old photo of vehicles were part of the APL’s fleet. Rescuing animals from abuse and neglect dates back to the founding of the APL. 

What year do you think this photo was taken?

Learn more about Humane Investigations at the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/humane-investigations/, After the overwhelming response to the Cleveland APL’s visit June 12, we’ve been invited back to Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court this week!

Our mobile adoption unit “Rover” will be at the court during lunchtime tomorrow! Jurors and other people working downtown can visit the truck and meet some of the dogs and cats the APL has available for adoption. If someone wants to provide a loving home for a lucky pet, they can start the adoption process on site and then pick up their new family member at the APL.

“Rover” will be parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Ave. across from the Justice Center. “Rover” is scheduled to be on site from 11:00AM to 1:00PM on June 26. #JusticeFurAll, Looking for an easy way to help the Cleveland APL? Donate some dog treats! 

Our Project STAR program is in need of treats for all of our wonderful dogs who are waiting for homes. To purchase treats, feel free to buy them at your local grocery store and drop them off at the APL, or, purchase them off of our Amazon Wish List today! Thanks for your support!, ONE MONTH LEFT! Have you been putting off entering your pets photo into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest? Well, now is the time to enter! The deadline to enter is just ONE MONTH from today, so start snapping some photos and enter your furry friend by visiting www.clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Adoption Update! Great news - Deino and Pemphiedo, the kittens from our Facebook post yesterday have found their happily ever after! Deino and Pemphiedo were adopted by their new family yesterday at our adoption center in Tremont! Enjoy your new lives, you two!, June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth. Today, we are featuring a couple of special kitties who you might remember from a post from last week! Deino and Pemphiedo's sister Enyo got adopted and now they are looking for their happily ever after!

Hi, we’re Deino & Pemphiedo! 

We were brought to the APL back in April with such bad Upper Respiratory Infections (URIs) that the only option to help us was for the veterinary team to remove three out of four of our eyes. But we don’t let that get us down! We’re just as playful and snuggly and rambunctious and goofy as your average four-eyed duo, maybe even more so! Obviously we’ll need some super special adopters who are willing to tackle our special needs. And we definitely need to go home together, since we do so much better with each other around. Do you have it in your heart to give us a loving home?
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/, Did you and your pooch attend #Puppypalooza last week? Check out some of the fantastic photos that were captured at the game!

 Also, a special thank you to Scott Theus, our wonderful volunteer photographer for taking these amazing photos!, The Humane Society of the United States and PetSmart Charities invites shelter workers and volunteers, rescuers, feral cat advocates, animal control officers, municipal officials, and anyone
who works with homeless cats to join us for a Rethinking the Cat Symposium in Columbus, Ohio on July 10th.

This free, day-long training explores the challenging world of un-owned cats and the best practices for helping them and reducing their population. It features two full tracks focusing on adoptable cats and community cats. Learn about new marketing techniques, best care practices for cats, and which population control efforts work best in the community. Our President & CEO Sharon Harvey is one of the speakers!

Online registration and agenda:  http://www.animalsheltering.org/training-events/cat-trainings/rethinking-the-cat.html, Avocado and Winks both arrived at the Cleveland Animal Protective League for very different reasons, but we were here to “Give Them a Hand.”  And, we could not have done it without your support.
Read their stories and learn how you can make a difference for animals like Avocado and Winks by visiting https://t.e2ma.net/message/g3944/opkefb, Come out this Friday, June 27th for an evening of Artwork and Animal fundraising! Mona Lisa Cafe Eco Salon & Spa is hosting a party featuring the work of local artist Hilary Chan, whose work is currently on display throughout the Salon, and also hoping to raise money, awareness and gifts for the Cleveland Animal Protective League!, Today is #MustAskMonday!

We want to know what your very favorite nickname is for your pet?, This Happy Tale is sure to bring a smile to your face on this Monday morning: 

"We adopted Gertie from the APL/Parma PetSmart just about a month ago, and she's already a very welcome addition to our family. She was a pregnant stray who had her puppies in foster care, and when her puppies were adopted she was taken to the APL at Parma PetSmart.  She's a very sweet 6 year old girl that absolutely loves to chase squirrels and can't get enough backyard time!  For such a loving dog that probably had a very rough life so far, she's doing great and her gentle spirit really shines.  Please consider adopting an older dog from the APL - they're worth it!" - Kathleen Capka

Have a Happy Tale to share with us? Send it to contact@ClevelandAPL.org along with your furry friend's photo! 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/happy-tales/, Thank you, Cleveland cat lovers! We asked for help with getting cats adopted and 95 lucky cats and kittens went home. Here's the thing ... as wonderful and absolutely critical as that was, we're only just back to having adequate cage space for the cats we still have and the cats who will be coming in this week. Please keep spreading the word about adopting a cat from the APL or any other shelter or rescue! We can't save lives without YOU!, Just peekin' out to remind you to enter your pet's photo in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest today! Who knows... your furry friend might event win a month! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, There are lots of ways that you can support the Cleveland APL and have fun at the same time! Check them out!, We did a nice number of cat and kitten adoptions today, but believe it or not, we still need to do many more to make sure we have room for the cats who need to come into the Cleveland APL this week. So, we're extending the reduced adoption fee of $5 for adult cats and $20 for kittens through closing tomorrow. We're open from noon to 4pm. If you can't adopt, please let your friends know ... cuz someone you know must be ready to adopt love!, In case you haven't heard, cats are only $5 and kittens are $20 TODAY ONLY at our adoption center in Tremont. 

We are open until 5 p.m. today, so stop in and meet your new best friend at the Cleveland APL!, Dear Friends,

We need your help! In the past week, we have taken in DOUBLE the number of cats who have been adopted out. In order for us to help more cats, we MUST find the cats and kittens in our care loving homes now.

Visit our adoption center in Tremont today between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. and adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for only $20!

Please help us spread the word!, Please help the Cleveland APL and adopt a cat or kitten today or tomorrow! We have so many cats and kittens who are waiting for homes. Today and tomorrow, cat adoption fees are $5 and kitten adoption fees are $20 at our adoption center in Tremont. 

PLEASE SHARE!, It's our favorite post of the week - photos of all of the animals who  met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!

Remember, you can adopt a cat for $5 or a kitten for $20 today and tomorrow only, so come to the Cleveland APL and #adopt!, We need your help!!! In the past week, we have taken in DOUBLE the number of cats who have been adopted out. In order for us to continue to humanely bring more cats in, we MUST find the cats and kittens in our care loving homes now.

Because of this need to find homes for all of our cats and kittens, TODAY and TOMORROW, we are reducing cat adoption fees to $5 and kitten adoption fees to just $20. 

Please share this urgent message and consider adding a cat or kitten to your family this weekend!!, Boy, are we glad our celebrity panel of judges pick the Cleveland APL Pet Calendar Contest winners and we don't have to - it would be too difficult! Check out a handful of the amazing photos that have been entered so far.

Do you think your furry friend has what it takes to win? Enter his or her photo in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest today! https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, A rare occasion... almost the entire Cleveland APL staff team was together this morning ... so we took a group photo! Hope our smiling faces brighten your Friday :), Today is #TakeYourDogToWorkDay! Is your pooch keeping you company at work today? Share their photo with us!, This week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Samm Starkey, Foster Care Coordinator, with two very special dogs - Patience and Simba:

"On your left is Simba. He is such a sweet and bashful boy! He came to the shelter after his dad passed away and he was pretty shy at first. Since being here, he has certainly improved! He loves to try and sit on your lap and is very wiggly when he is happy to see you. If you’re looking for a furrever friend, with that goofy grin, he is an amazing candidate!"

"On your right is Patience. She was transferred in from a different shelter and has won the hearts of many here at the APL. She is a precious and loving girl who needs a wonderful home and great family. Patience is a great dog and would be a wonderful addition to your life!" http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth. Check our Facebook page throughout the month, as we will be featuring some of our fantastic felines who are waiting for their happily ever afters!

Whiskers is one of several wonderful seniors we currently have up for adoption. She is 13 years old to be exact! She lived with her family since she was a tiny kitten, but sadly, one of her owners got sick and developed allergies to her, and they had no other options for this sweet girl other than to bring her in to the APL. 

Whiskers may be 13 years old, but she has the sweet and spunky personality of a much younger gal, so don’t count her out just because of her age! She is snuggly and fun; she’s lived with cats and been around grandchildren and did great with both; she’s a pudgy bundle of joy that just really needs a place to spend her golden years. Won’t you be the one to give Whiskers her new home?
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, We are experiencing issues with our e-mail and are working to resolve it. We will do our best to respond to e-mails as they become available. Please call 216-771-4616 with any questions., It's #ThrowbackThursday! Here's a throwback of Kobe and Ozzy, the happy residents of the administrative offices at the Cleveland APL! The boys were enjoying their favorite boxes. :)

Do you have a throwback of your furry friend? Share it in this post!, Are you interested in fostering kittens or puppies? If so then please consider joining us on Friday, June 20th at 6pm at our adoption center in Tremont for a Neonatal Training Session!

Please RSVP via e-mail to Samm Starkey, Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org. Please make sure to include your name and phone number in your RSVP.
https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl/., ATTENTION: Our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma will open at noon this Friday instead of our normal 10 a.m. opening.

By the way, the adorable Puggle pictured is Plymouth! He just so happens to be featured as our Pet of the Week this week! Learn more about Plymouth by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/., Did you attend #Puppypalooza last night and capture some great photos of your pooch? If so, make sure to enter them into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! 

The entry fee is $25 per picture, and your pet’s picture is guaranteed to be included on the pages of the calendar with the possibility of the photo winning a whole month! The entry fee also includes a copy of our full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November 2014. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/ to learn more!, APL alumni Kenny G throwing out the first pitch with his mom at #Puppypalooza!, The #Puppypalooza pooch parade is underway!, APL alumni Kenny G is getting ready to throw out the first pitch at #Puppypalooza with his mom! Cleveland Indians, The adorable Bella strikes a pose with APL staff member April! #Puppypalooza, Riker and his family are ready for #Puppypalooza at the Cleveland Indians game! Go Tribe!, Who is ready for #Puppypalooza at the Cleveland Indians game tonight?! We sure are!

Make sure to share photos of your pooches getting ready and at the big game tonight on our Facebook page! Also, if you tweet them to us @ClevelandAPL, we will retweet!, June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth. Check our Facebook page throughout the month, as we will be featuring some of our fantastic felines who are waiting for their happily ever afters!

Coffee is a gorgeous 4 ½ -year-old cat who was brought to the APL back in November after her owner could no longer care for her. She is as shy and quiet as she is pretty and would do best in an equally quiet household. She’s not enthusiastic about other cats, so she’d do best as an only cat, but she’s done well with teenagers (she just takes a little while to warm up to new people). 

She comes already microchipped, which means that she also comes with 30-days of free pet insurance. Do you have the gentle and quiet personality to match this lovely lady? If so, stop on in and visit, and let her charm you into taking her home! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Today is the day! #Puppypalooza is finally here!

Everyone is looking forward to the Cleveland Indians game tonight, but with the hot weather today, we need to make sure our pooches all stay safe in the heat.

Read some heat safety tips by visiting www.clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/puppypalooza-hot-weather-tips/, Enyo, Pemphiedo, and Deino came to the Cleveland APL when they were surrendered by their owner. They were three kittens in a litter of four. 

After arriving at the APL, it was apparent that Enyo, Pemphiedo and Denino had severe cases of Upper Respiratory Infection (URI) and needed extensive care. As weeks went by, it was apparent to our veterinary team that they would need enucleations (eye removal) to their infected eyes when they were big enough.

After receiving medical treatment, love and attention, the sweet kittens spent about a month with their foster mom who continued medicating and caring for them until they were ready for their surgery. In the meantime, Lo, the fourth kitten in their litter was healthy and didn't need medical treatment, so she was adopted!

Last week, surgery was performed on Enyo, Pemphiedo, and Deinowe. Out veterinary team reports that although they have been through so much, they were sweet and patient throughout their treatment.

The three are now waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont!  http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/, Are you planning on attending #Puppypalooza at the Cleveland Indians game  tomorrow with your pooch?

If so, you may have heard that temperatures could reach the mid-80’s! Click to read some helpful tips about keeping your dog safe in the heat during the game!, Today is #MustAskMonday!

What does your dog work hardest to avoid?, Meet Patience, a beautiful 6-year-old Boxer/Hound mix at the APL in Tremont! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22435306&location=Cleveland+APL, Out celebrating Father's Day? Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center on Ridge Road in Parma and meet all of our adoptable animals who would love to be a part of your family!, Enjoy the weather, snap a photo of your furry friend and enter it into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

The entry fee is $25 per picture, and your pet’s picture is guaranteed to be included on the pages of the calendar with the possibility of the photo winning a whole month! The entry fee also includes a copy of our full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November 2014. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/ to learn more!, Meet your Best Friend at the Zoo!  Join the Cleveland APL and 20 other local rescues and shelters for this fun, annual event! 

From 10 am to 5 pm at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo, families can meet more than 100 adoptable puppies, dogs, cats and kittens available for immediate adoption. Find out more here: http://www.clevelandmetroparks.com/Zoo/Events-and-Happenings/Meet-Your-Best-Friend-at-the-Zoo-3813.aspx
, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and come meet your new family member this weekend at the Cleveland APL!, This week's special #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Arlee Reust, Admissions Receptionist, along with the beautiful ZeeZaa:

“ZeeZaa is the sweetest girl! She came to the Cleveland APL in April and has been looking for a loving home ever since. She is 11 years old but recently won the “Meryl Streep Award" since she is "aging like a goddess" and was also our Prom Queen!! Will you be the one to give this queen her new home?”  
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Are you interested in becoming a foster mommy or daddy to kittens under 8 weeks old or puppies under 12 weeks?  If your answer is yes then please consider joining us on Friday, June 20th at 6pm at our adoption center in Tremont for a Neonatal Training Session! 

Please RSVP via e-mail to Samm Starkey, Foster Care Coordinator at foster@clevelandapl.org. Please make sure to include your name and phone number in your RSVP.
https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/neonatal-training-at-the-cleveland-apl/., Four of our adorable adoptables had a great time visiting outside of the Cuyahoga Court of Common Pleas! Check out the photos!

Our adoptable animals will be back on Thursday, June 26th from 11am to 1pm, so make sure to stop by and meet them if you're in the area., With Father's Day on Sunday, we want to know:

How has your life changed since becoming a pet parent?, June is #AdoptAShelterCatMonth. Check our Facebook page throughout the month, as we will be featuring some of our fantastic felines who are waiting for their happily ever afters!

Meet Sophia Nadine, a 3-year-old beauty who has been at the Cleveland APL for 8 months! This pretty girl takes a little time to warm up to you, but once you give her some love and attention, she will love you right back! Sophia is the winner of our "Prettiest Face Award." From her picture, you can see why!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Today's #ClevelandAPLDawgInTraining is Chance!

Chance is a one-and-a-half-year-old Retriever/Chow Chow mix who was transferred to the Cleveland APL from another shelter through our Dog Transfer Program. He is a happy boy, and loves to play with toys. Chance recently started basic training through the project STAR behavior program and is learning quickly. Give this adorable dog a “chance” to be part of your family!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, null, What a difference medical treatment and lots of love and attention from our staff and volunteers has made for Cheesy! 

This sweet one-month-old kitten was brought to the Cleveland APL last week by a kind woman who found him in her parking garage at work, alone and in need of help. After arriving at the APL, Cheesy began receiving treatment for his severe upper respiratory infection (URI). 

As you can see from Cheesy's before and after photos, the medical treatment and TLC is really helping! Cheesy will now spend the next two weeks in his foster home before he is ready to find a loving home!, #Puppypalooza at the Cleveland Indians game is officially SOLD OUT! For those of you who purchased tickets, we can't wait to see you and your pooch at the game!, Today is #ThrowbackThursday and we're sharing one of our throwback photos of horses and an APL buggy that was taken in 1913!

Read more about our 101 years of history:
On June 12, 1912, twelve women met at the home of Stella Hatch and formed an association called the Animal Protective League that was incorporated on February 7, 1913.  Its stated purpose included “the establishment and maintenance of a refuge for lost, homeless, sick and unwanted animals until homes could be found for them.”

Do you have a throwback of your furry friend? Post it on our timeline! We'd love to see it!, Rover, our mobile adoption unit will be at the Cuyahoga Court of Common Pleas during lunchtime on tomorrow. Jurors and other people working downtown can visit the RV and meet some of our adorable dogs and cats who are available for adoption!

Rover will be parked in the Huntington Garage driveway between Ft. Huntington Park and the old Court House on Lakeside Ave. across from the Justice Center. Rover is scheduled to be on site from 11:00am to 1:00pm so make sure to stop by!, Buck is a six-year-old Pit Bull mix who would love to go home with you! Buck has come a long way at the shelter, and is well-behaved and loving. He loves other dogs, and enjoys participating in playgroups. Buck has also participated in group training classes at the APL. He would make a great companion for an active family, and will curl up in your lap at the end of the day.

Call our adoption staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 to learn more about Buck or visit him at our adoption center in Tremont! #ClevelandAPLDawgsInTraining, The Cleveland Browns are working hard training for their upcoming season and so are the "dawgs" at the Cleveland Animal Protective League!

All week long and throughout the summer, we will be sharing photos and videos of our adoptable dogs showing off their skills while training in our project STAR program. Stay tuned to see Buck in action! #ClevelandAPLDawgsInTraining, #Puppypalooza at the Cleveland Indians game is less than a week away! Did you purchase tickets for you and your pooch?

If not, make sure to visit http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp or call 216-420-HITS to get yours today! Tickets are going fast!, We are loving this pup's photo bomb!

Did your pet photo bomb a picture? We would love to see it! Share with us on our Facebook page!, Éclair is a two-year-old Boxer/Bulldog mix who was transferred to the APL from another kennel through our Dog Transfer Program.  She is sweet and loving, as well as smart. Éclair is very attentive during training sessions, and walks perfectly on a loose leash.  After a good training session, Éclair would love to snuggle up in your lap. Visit this sweetheart at our adoption center in Tremont!

Call our adoption staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 to learn more about Eclair or visit her at our adoption center in Tremont! #ClevelandAPLDawgsInTraining, Don't forget - this month is  #AdoptAShelterCatMonth! We will be featuring some of our fantastic felines all month long.

Meet Guinie, a 9-year old, spunky little tortie who has received awards for being “Super Softie” and “Cute as a Button.” Guinie has been here since way back in October when she came in as a stray. She’s a quieter cat, so she tends to get overlooked (despite her gorgeous markings). Since she’s a bit shy, she’d likely do best in a household that has no other animals or young children. But don’t let that deter you. With a bit of love (and a lot more space than her tiny kennel), she is sure to come out of her shell and make a wonderful (and beautiful) companion! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Shop Amazon Smile - Increased Donations This Week Only!

Now through June 15, the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate an extra $5 for each customer who makes an eligible purchase at smile.amazon.com in support of the Cleveland APL! This is in addition to the regular donation of 0.5% of the purchase price. Visit http://smile.amazon.com/ch/34-0714644 to get started!, We were thrilled to visit with Statler, an APL alumni, and his owner Connee yesterday! They stopped in at our adoption center in Tremont to say hello. Statler is doing great in his loving home! :), Learn about all of the fun and exciting ways that you can include your pets, friends and family in supporting the Cleveland APL!, Jazz is a one-year-old Pit Bull mix who loves to have fun and be silly! She is in training through our project STAR behavior program, and is showing off her “down,” “stay,” “leave it,” and “watch me.”  Jazz loves to play with other dogs, and she also loves her swimming pool. Jazz would do great with an active family who likes to snuggle after a good play session. 

Call our adoption staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 to learn more about Jazz or visit her at our adoption center in Tremont! #ClevelandAPLDawgsInTraining, While our beloved Cleveland Browns are working hard training for their upcoming season, the "dawgs" at the Cleveland Animal Protective League are also working on training in our project STAR program!

All week long and throughout the summer, we will share videos of our adoptable dogs showing off their skills for you! Stay tuned for the first video that features the adorable Jazz!, The Cleveland Gladiators invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the Helmets and Hounds event at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday, July 5, 2014. The Gladiators will be playing the Portland Thunder and the game will start at 6 p.m. The Cleveland APL will receive the proceeds from all of the dog tickets sold for the game, in addition to a portion of the proceeds from the human tickets!
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Thanks to everyone who helped us spread the word about all of the wonderful cats and kittens who were waiting for loving homes! Because of you support, 160 cats and kittens were adopted over the weekend! 

Did you miss out on adopting a furry friend over the weekend? We still have lots of amazing animals who are waiting for homes. Visit http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ or download our iOS or Android app to view them all!, Wow! More than 160 APL animals found homes over the past three days, including beautiful Tiramisu pictured below! Did you adopt this weekend? We'd love to see pictures of your newest furry family member! Share them in the comments section below., Do you have a fabulous photo of your pet that you want to show off while supporting the Cleveland APL at the same time?

Enter it into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! The entry fee is $25 per picture, and your pet’s picture is guaranteed to be included on the pages of the calendar with the possibility of the photo winning a whole month! The entry fee also includes a copy of our full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November 2014. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/ to learn more!, Tickets to Puppypalooza are going fast! Get tickets for you and your pooch today by visiting http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp or calling call 216-420-HITS! You can enjoy the game with your dog and even participate in a pre-game parade around the warning track on the field!
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, We asked for your help to adopt 100 cats on Friday and Saturday. Thanks to everyone who came out and adopted, 122 cats and kittens are on their way to loving homes!, Tickets to Puppypalooza are going fast! Get tickets for you and your pooch today by visiting http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp or calling call 216-420-HITS! You can enjoy the game with your dog and even participate in a pre-game parade around the warning track on the field!
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Only 17 more adoptions to reach our goal of 100 cat and kitten adoptions, Buck the Pitbull, Maxie the German Shepard, Skipper the Beagle and Peach and her kittie siblings will be at Southpark Mall from 11-3 Saturday. Come out and meet these adorable adoptables!, We're only 45 adoptions away from our goal of finding homes for at least 100 cats and kittens.  

Check out who went home yesterday!, In the past week, we’ve taken in 160 cats in-need and only adopted out 70. Unless we find more adopters, this will continue until we reach a point we can’t bring anymore cats in. WE NEED YOUR HELP!

To help the wonderful cats and kittens find loving homes, we are completely WAIVING the adoption fee for cats one-year-old and up, and reducing the fee to $50 for cats less than one-year-old TODAY. The fee for a second cat or kitten will be $20.

Our goal is to find homes for at least 100 of the 180 cats who are available for adoption right now. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/

(The photo in this graphic shows a kitten who came in yesterday with his sister. They had been duct-taped into a box for their trip to the APL.), In case you missed out on visiting our adoption center in Tremont today, make sure to stop by tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.! We have lots of cats and kittens who are still waiting for loving homes!

Adoption fees are WAIVED for cats one-year-old and up, and kitten adoption fees are reduced to $50 tomorrow.

Our goal is to find homes for at least 100 of the 180 cats who are available for adoption right now. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma and come meet your new family member this weekend at the Cleveland APL!, Our volunteers are hard at work helping with adoptions! Pictured is Julia with an adorable kitten named Flossie.

Come meet this adorable kitty and all of the other cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes at the Cleveland APL! Remember, today and tomorrow, we are completely WAIVING the adoption fee for cats one-year-old and up, and reducing the fee to $50 for cats less than one-year-old. The fee for a second cat or kitten will be $20.

Our goal is to find homes for at least 100 of the 180 cats who are available for adoption right now. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/, Close your eyes and imagine being stuck in a tight space with scorching heat burning your skin, then falling out of the tight space and onto a busy, loud highway. Now find a word to describe what that experience would feel like. Does “frightening” work? How about “traumatic?”

This exercise was not meant to frighten you, but rather to help you understand the horrible events that little Matthew Casey, a one-year-old tabby, experienced before arriving at the Cleveland APL on Wednesday.  Read Matthew's full story and see how you can help - http://t.e2ma.net/message/sgk34/opkefb, Check out some of the many adorable cats and kittens who are waiting for you to visit them TODAY! :), This week's special #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Brittany Shaw, Animal Admission Supervisor, along with the adorable Wisconsin, who is available adoption for FREE today and tomorrow (along with all cats over the age of one):

"Wisconsin is such a sweetie. When she came to the Cleveland APL, she had her kittens with her. This loving mama cared for them until  they were ready for adoption. Her babies all found homes and now she is available for adoption and ready to find her happily ever after!" http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, It's a beautiful day to #adopt a cat or kitten! Visit our adoption center in Tremont today from 11 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. or tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 

Remember, today and tomorrow, we are completely WAIVING the adoption fee for cats one-year-old and up, and reducing the fee to $50 for cats less than one-year-old. The fee for a second cat or kitten will be $20.

Our goal is to find homes for at least 100 of the 180 cats who are available for adoption right now.

https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/, Look at how purrfect our cats and kittens are! Visit our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow or Saturday and #adopt a cat for FREE or a kitten for just $50! 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/, Kennel Enrichment and Adoptions Volunteers Lexi and Morgan received community service awards this morning at their school. The APL's Dog Behavior Manager, Lisa Musca, was on hand to present the girls with their certificates. The awards recognize Lexi's and Morgan's hard work and dedication at the shelter.  Thank you: you are an inspiration!

Want to learn more about volunteering at the Cleveland APL? Visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/!, Paris, along with lots of other wonderful cats, needs to find a wonderful home. She is hoping that she will meet her new family tomorrow or Saturday when cat adoption fees are WAIVED and kitten adoption fees are $50.

Paris is a gentle and pretty 6-year old who’s been at the APL for nine very long months. She’s a “girl next-door” kind of cat—red-headed and freckled; quiet and unassuming. A bit shy but terribly sweet once you actually get to know her. She’s not enthusiastic about other cats, so she’d do best as an only animal in the household. But with the right adopter and household, she’s sure to blossom into a great and devoted companion. Will you be the one to give this lovely lady her happily ever after? http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=20750493&location=Cleveland+APL, Who doesn't love a pile of cuddly kittens?!?! We have so many wonderful cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes!

Please visit our adoption center in Tremont and #adopt your new best friend! View all of our adoptable animals by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ or downloading our iOS or Android adoption app!, In case you haven't heard ...

In the past week, we’ve taken in 160 cats in-need and only adopted out 70. Unless we find more adopters, this will continue until we reach a point we can’t bring anymore cats in. WE NEED YOUR HELP! 

Visit our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow and Saturday and adopt a cat one-year-old and up for FREE or a kitten (less than one-year-old) for $50. The fee for a second cat or kitten will be $20. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/, null, In the past week, we’ve taken in 160 cats in-need and only adopted out 70. Unless we find more adopters, this will continue until we reach a point we can’t bring anymore cats in. WE NEED YOUR HELP! 

To help the wonderful cats and kittens find loving homes, this Friday and Saturday, June 6th and 7th, we are completely WAIVING the adoption fee for cats one-year-old and up, and reducing the fee to $50 for cats less than one-year-old. The fee for a second cat or kitten will be $20. 

Our goal is to find homes for at least 100 of the 180 cats who are available for adoption right now.    

https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/cats-at-the-cleveland-apl-need-homes-now/

(The photo in this graphic shows a kitten who came in yesterday with his sister. They had been duct-taped into a box for their trip to the APL.), Tickets to Puppypalooza are going fast! Get tickets for you and your pooch today by visiting http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp or calling call 216-420-HITS! You can enjoy the game with your dog and even participate in a pre-game parade around the warning track on the field! 
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Sorry for the graphic nature of this story (there are no photos...we promise). We try to keep our FB page happy and fun, but sometimes we need your help with something that isn't either, and this is one of those times. If anyone has any information on the whereabouts of suspect D'erise Carson, a man accused of beating and setting his grandmother's cat on fire, please contact CPD or the CLE APL's investigations hotline (216-377-1630) and encourage him to turn himself in. An arrest warrant has been issued. The incident occurred on the 3000 block of W 92nd St. in Cleveland., Bingo, also known as "Mr. June" in the Cleveland APL's 2014 Pet Calendar wants to remind you to enter your furry friend's photo in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! The July 25th deadline for submissions will be here before you know it, so don't delay!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, A screening of Guilty 'Til Proven Innocent will take place Saturday, June 14th at 1 p.m. at Tower City Cinemas. This film has screened at two film festivals and in towns across the country. Click to learn more and help spread the word!, Our Fur-ever Friends help us saves lives – lives like Beanie and Cocoa. Please visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/become-a-fur-ever-friend/ and become a Fur-ever Friend or increase your monthly donation.

Cocoa's Story
Cocoa, a ten-year-old Chihuahua, and originally a rescue dog from Hurricane Katrina, was surrendered to the Cleveland APL by her elderly owner who told our admissions staff she was blind. Upon examination, our veterinary team found that the surfaces of her eyes were thickened and there was a lot of discharge. The diagnosis was untreated dry eye, a condition that is not uncommon in small dogs. She also had a number of issues with her teeth. Medical care for Cocoa consisted of a dental cleaning, multiple tooth extractions, and medication to manage her dry eye. Cocoa remained in the care of the APL for three months, some of which time was spent in a foster home. Her foster mom was diligent about her eye medication and her eyes went from painful and unseeing to being comfortable and having some vision restored. It just so happens that Cocoa’s foster mom, fosters for the APL quite a bit, and has to part with animals she provides loving care for…but she couldn’t let Cocoa go. She adopted her and will cherish her for the rest of her life.

Beanie's Story
Beanie, a five-month-old kitten, arrived early one morning at the Cleveland Animal Protective League. He had been having seizures since the night before. The owners had applied a type of dog flea medication to him that is toxic to cats. Even though his prognosis wasn’t good, the APL veterinary team began treating him with IV medication immediately. Thankfully, later that day, Beanie began to show improvement. The veterinarian who treated Beanie took him home to continue his treatment over the weekend and by Sunday, he was nearly fully recovered. She kept him a little longer just to be sure, and then, he never came back! She and her family adopted him and he has been a fun addition to their family., In honor of #AdoptAShelterCatMonth, we will be featuring our fantastic felines who are available for adoption during the month of June!

The first kitty we are featuring is Marilyn. This pretty girl has been at the APL for ten extraordinarily long months, and no one’s quite sure why. Just like her namesake (Marilyn Monroe), this one year old is a gorgeous diva with tons of love to give. She’s a very affectionate gal and seeks out attention from visitors. The diva in her can be a bit fussy about kids and being picked up, but what diva doesn’t have her quirks?  Will you be the one to finally give this shining star a loving home? http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=20646699&location=Cleveland+APL, It's official: Telly has found a loving home!

As you might remember, Telly is a 2-year old Boxer mix who found himself in terrible living conditions. He was rescued by one of our Humane Officers on March 21 and was in great need of food and a lot of love.

After recovering for weeks in a foster home, Telly returned to the Cleveland APL with his foster parents to find his happily ever after - and that's exactly what he did! Here is Telly pictured with his foster parents and his new mom (right). We think Telly's adorable smile says it all! :), It's #PetAppreciationWeek! 

What does your pet(s) mean to you? How will you be spoiling your furry friend this week? :)

Pictured is Wub, a 4-year-old Bulldog mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22690527&location=Parma+PetSmart, Check out some fantastic photos from Messiah Lutheran's assembly on Friday with Joe Thomas and Fee's Kompany!, We have lots of animals who are waiting for their happily ever afters! Come down to our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities EAC and meet them today!, Are you enjoying the beautiful weather with your furry friend this weekend? Make sure to snap a photo while you're at it and enter it into our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! 
 
The entry fee is $25 per picture, and your pet’s picture is guaranteed to be included on the pages of the Cleveland APL’s 2015 calendar. The entry fee also includes a copy of our full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November 2014. Visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/ to learn more!, Want to view all of our adoptable animals on our brand new mobile app? Learn how by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/download-our-new-adoption-app/, Join the Cleveland APL and 25 local rescue organizations at PAWS 4 A Cause tomorrow from 9:30am – 3pm at the Cleveland Metroparks Polo Fields (South Chagrin Reservation). 

There will be a 1 and 2 mile dog walk, canine demonstrations, dog contests, craft and pet-related vendors, food vendors and much, much more. Bring your family for a day of fun and meet dozens of adoptable dogs looking for their new homes! For more information, visit http://pawsohio.org/p4ac.html., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, The students at Messiah Lutheran are enjoying their assembly with Q104 - Cleveland's Fee's Kompany and Cleveland Browns Joe Thomas! Their 4th graders raised over $1,000 for the APL!  Thank you for your support!, Thank you to everyone who 'liked' Crocker Park! , Radisson is a smart, active, and fun-loving Akita/Shepherd mix.  As far as he is concerned, there is nothing better in life than chasing a ball.  Radisson is enrolled in the project STAR training program and knows many behavior cues, and is learning to “find it” with objects buried under cones.  He loves to work for a toss of the ball (as you can see in this video clip), and will play for hours. Radisson should go home with a family who has plenty of time to spend exercising and playing with him. He enjoys training, and would enjoy learning more.  Radisson would also love to participate in a dog sport, such as agility, and he has learned to do the tire jump already.  If you’re looking for a dog who will keep you active and laughing, Radisson may be just the right loyal companion for you! 

Visit Radisson at our adoption center in Tremont today! To learn more about him, visit http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=21904709&location=Cleveland+APL or call 216-771-4616., Happy Friday! Squirrely wants you to come to the Cleveland APL and adopt your new best friend RIGHT MEOW!

We have LOTS of cats and kittens who are all waiting to meet you, so view all of our adoptable animals and come on down! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, This week's  #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie is especially silly! It features Margaret Garrett, Animal Admissions & Care Supervisor, along with her "cat beard" Greta:

"Greta came to us as a stray. This adorable girl will be available for adoption with her litter mates tomorrow. We have TONS of cats and  kittens who are all waiting for loving homes. Look how fun they are!"
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Do you have a morning ritual with your furry friend?

If so, what is it?, How many cats are outside of your home or work place?? Just think of the number of cats there might be next year or the year after! 

At the Cleveland APL, we are committed to ending the cat overpopulation crisis through our TNR Program. If you are caring for a cat outside, we invite you to be part of the solution and take advantage of our services! Give Sara Dillenkofer, Clinic Coordinator a call at 216-377-1624 to set up an appointment or get more information about our TNR program. 
https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/trap-neuter-return-program/, Pepper wants to let you know that we need your help! We are running very low on towels at our Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma. If you have any extra towels lying around your house, please drop them off at our EAC! Your support is greatly appreciated!

View our locations - https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/

Learn more about Pepper, who is currently waiting for a loving home - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=21965261&location=Cleveland+APL, Enjoy the warm weather with your furry friend and snap a cute photo while you're at it!

Learn all about how to enter your pet's photo in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/!, Crocker Park has ALMOST reached their goal of 50,000 "likes"! If you haven't already, please "like" their Facebook page and support the Cleveland APL!, Alexus loves to have fun, but she is just as happy to have someone to snuggle up to. She is enrolled in the project STAR training program and is well-behaved and focused during training sessions. Alexus is a real sweetheart! Visit her at our PetSmart Charities EAC in Parma today! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22546949&location=Parma+PetSmart, Support the Cleveland APL while you shop! When you shop at AmazonSmile, you’ll find the same shopping experience as Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the Cleveland APL! , Targaryen was enjoying a walk with one of our wonderful volunteer dog walkers! 

What's your favorite activity to do outdoors with your dog?

Learn more about Targaryen - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22769246&location=Parma+PetSmart, The Cleveland Gladiators invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the Helmets and Hounds event at Quicken Loans Arena on Saturday, July 5, 2014. The Gladiators will be playing the Portland Thunder and the game will start at 6 p.m.
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, We would like to introduce you to two incredibly special kitties. Less and Larri were brought to the Cleveland APL by the case worker of a homeless man who lived in a small tent and provided food to a number of strays that lived by him. Unfortunately, the tent he was living in accidentally caught fire while Less and Larri were inside and they sustained minor injuries. Both cats had singed fur and whiskers, and had to be monitored closely after the smoke inhalation. After spending a couple of weeks receiving care from our Veterinary team, Less and Larri are fully recovered, and ready to find love in a new home.

These beautiful girls are both a little over a year old and would love to find a wonderful home together! Visit Less and Larri at our adoption center in Tremont today. 
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Using just one word, how would you describe your pet?, Telly is ready to find a loving home!

As you might remember, Telly is a 2-year old Boxer mix who found himself in terrible living conditions. He was rescued by one of our Humane Officers on March 21 and was in great need of food and a lot of love. 

After recovering for weeks in a foster home, Telly is loving life once again.Telly’s foster parents say this guy is very smart and has quite the personality. He loves all people and other dogs. He knows tricks like sit, lay and paw. He is completely housebroken (with the exception of getting nervous or overly excited) and will even ring a bell to tell you when he needs to go out! He does not mind being in a cage when you need to be away. Telly is ready to be your best friend and will follow you wherever you go!    

Please contact our adoption staff at 216-771-4616 for more information about Telly. 
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22287948&location=Foster, Hemi is a handsome guy who has been at the APL since April. This adorable 3 year old is waiting for a loving family. Could that family be yours? 
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=11370633&location=Cleveland+APL, null, Have you downloaded our new FREE adoption app to your iOS or Android device? If not, click to learn how you can easily view all of our adoptable animals who are currently waiting for loving homes on our adoption app! Please SHARE!, Today is the last day of prom at the Cleveland APL! 

Visit our adoption center in Tremont and meet your new love! 
Black and white “tuxedo” adult cats are available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months are just $50!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Tully is done dancing alone, Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families during prom at the Cleveland APL!, Biddy and Flo are patiently awaiting a date to the prom in the adoptions office, Check out our well dressed cats sporting their tuxedos on the dance floor!!!, These cats finally found a date for prom, but we still have many more hoping someone will choose them., Prom is going on all weekend long at the Cleveland APL!

Stop by our adoption center in Tremont today and tomorrow to meet your new best friend! Black and white “tuxedo” adult cats are  available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months are just $50!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, We hope you and your pooch will join us on Tuesday, June 17 for Puppypalooza!! The Cleveland Indians will take on the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim at Progressive Field at 7:05 p.m.

For more information and to purchase your tickets, visit www.indians.com/puppypalooza or call 216-420-HITS! A portion of the proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL., Headed to the Marc's Great American Rib Cook-Off & Music Festival this weekend? Make sure to stop by Q104 - Cleveland's tent and try out the beer slide! Proceeds benefit the Cleveland APL., Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families earlier this week and during prom at the Cleveland APL!

Make sure to visit our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow and Sunday and meet your new best friend! All black and white “tuxedo” adult cats are available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months are just $50! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, URGENT: One of our washers is down at our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart and we are in need of clean towels!!!! If you have any towels you would like to donate, please bring them to our EAC which is located at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma. Thank you for your support! https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Stop by our adoption center in Tremont and meet these adorable "tuxedo" kitties who are waiting for loving homes during the Cleveland APL's prom!, The votes have been counted! We are thrilled to announce that ZeeZaa and Ninja have been voted Cleveland APL's feline prom king and queen!!!

An honorable mention goes out to Ella, Jenga and Mr. Velvet Ear who were all in the running for king and queen!

Come to our adoption center in Tremont today, tomorrow and Sunday to meet this purrfect pair, as well as all of the other cats and kittens who are waiting for loving homes!  Remember, today through Sunday black and white “tuxedo” adult cats will be available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months will be just $50 at our adoption center in Tremont!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, All of the cats & kittens at our adoption center in Tremont are excited for Prom at the Cleveland APL! Today, tomorrow, and Sunday, black and white “tuxedo” adult cats will be available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months will be just $50!

There is also a lot of chatter on the cat adoption floor about who’s going to be crowned prom king and queen. Stay tuned, as the votes are being counted and the king and queen will be announced later today! 
www.clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Meet Patience, WTAM's Featured Furry Friend!, Share this post with your friends and family and tell them to 'like' Crocker Park! For every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., It's the day before Cleveland APL's prom... are you ready?!?!
All of our black and white "tuxedo" cats and kittens sure are! 

Tomorrow through Sunday, black and white “tuxedo” adult cats will be available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months will be just $50 at our adoption center in Tremont! 

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Amanda Kopec, Animal Care Lead, Volunteers and Enrichment, along with Ollie:

"Ollie is a 2-year-old sweet Great Pyrenees/Shepherd mix who was transferred to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program. Ollie is an athletic, sweet guy who loves everyone; he enjoys his time out in the yard, is house trained and gets along well with most other dogs." http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22632918&location=Cleveland+APL, Have you voted for Cleveland APL Feline Prom King & Queen yet? There's still time! "Like" the photos of the candidates to place your vote.  The king and queen candidates with the most "likes" on our Facebook page and the most votes in the ballot box at our adoption center in Tremont will be crowned on feline prom king and queen tomorrow!

Remember, tomorrow through Sunday black and white “tuxedo” adult cats will be available for adoption for only $5 and black and white “tuxedo” kittens under 5 months will be just $50 at our adoption center in Tremont!, Are you passionate about helping animals? If so, then employment with the Cleveland APL might just be for you! We currently have positions available! Check them out on our website today!, Jenga is our last (but not least) candidate for feline prom king! "Like" this post to place your vote for this handsome fella'!

Jenga is a sweet guy who has been with us since March. He is 2 years old and does well with other cats. Visit Jenga at our adoption center in Tremont!

Learn more about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees during prom at the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/

Learn more about Jenga - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22263577&location=Cleveland+APL, Don’t miss the chance to feature your furry friend(s) in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

Learn all about how to enter your pet's photo by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/!, Although he isn't a feline, the adorable and popular Mr. Velvet Ear is in the running for Cleveland APL prom king as write-in candidate! 

Mr. Velvet Ear is a 2-year-old English Lop/French Lop rabbit who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. Mr. Velvet Ear got along great with dogs, cats and children in his previous home.

Learn more about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees during prom at the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/

Learn more about Mr. Velvet Ear - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/small-mammals/?animal_id=22587425&location=Cleveland+APL, Please share this page and help Bella's family find her!!!, Ella is our second candidate for Cleveland APL feline prom queen! "Like" Ella's photo to place your vote for this beauty!

Ella is a beautiful girl who has been at our adoption center in Tremont since January. This purrfect kitty is 10 years old and will make a great companion to her future adopter. Ella's favorite thing in the world is eating canned cat food!

Learn more about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees during prom at the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/

Learn more about Ella - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=21843974&location=Cleveland+APL, Looking for tips to help you with your furry friend? Check out our Animal Behavior Resources page!, Kittens, kittens, kittens, OH MY!  Are you an animal lover with a nurturing spirit?  Do you want to help save lives?  Then we need YOU!

Attend our neonatal training session at the Cleveland APL this Friday at 6 p.m. and get involved by becoming a Foster Care Volunteer!, Last year, the Cleveland APL launched a new program called project CARE. Read about how GIS technology is being used in the program to reduce intake in ASPCApro's blog!, We would like to introduce you to the handsome Ninja, our first candidate for feline prom king at the Cleveland APL!

Ninja is an adorable 5-year-old kitty who has been at the Cleveland APL since January! Ninja does well with other cats and is currently waiting to meet his future family at our adoption center in Tremont. Make sure to "like" this post to cast your vote for Ninja for prom king!

Remember, the king and queen candidates with the most "likes" on our Facebook page and the most votes in the ballot box at our adoption center in Tremont will be crowned on feline prom king and queen on Friday, May 23rd.

Learn more about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees during prom at the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/

Learn more about Ninja - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=21929538&location=Cleveland+APL, Join us tonight from 4-7 for Cocktails & K9s at Aloft Cleveland Downtown's WXYZ bar! We're bringing our adorable adoptables to their bi-weekly, dog-friendly happy hour: enjoy drink specials and get Frosty Paws for your pooch, all while taking in the amazing views of the Flats East Bank. You might just meet your new four-legged family member, too!, We would like to introduce you to the beautiful ZeeZaa, our first candidate for feline prom queen at the Cleveland APL!  

ZeeZaa is 11 years old and sweet as can be. This adorable girl did great with children in her previous home and is waiting to find her happily ever after at our adoption center in Tremont.  Make sure to "like" this post to cast your vote for ZeeZaa for prom queen! 

Learn more about our reduced cat and kitten adoption fees during prom at the Cleveland APL - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/

Learn more about ZeeZaa - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=17983006&location=Cleveland+APL, During our prom week, black and white “tuxedo” cats are excited, and there’s a lot of chatter on the adoption floor about who’s going to be crowned feline prom king and queen!

Starting today, you can cast your vote for feline prom king and queen by "liking" the photos of the adorable candidates that we post throughout the week—or better yet, place your vote in person by stopping in to see them. The king and queen candidates with the most "likes" on our Facebook page and the most votes in the ballot box at our adoption center in Tremont will be crowned on feline prom king and queen on Friday, May 23rd.

Stay tuned today for our first candidate for prom queen..., It’s prom season at the Cleveland APL! Come to the Cleveland APL’s prom! You don’t have to pay for the limo or buy a corsage. Plus, we’ll take care of the tuxedo! 

Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-prom-season-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Read this touching adoption story that took place at our very own Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart!, We hope you and your pooch will join us on Tuesday, June 17 for Puppypalooza!! The Cleveland Indians will take on the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim at Progressive Field at 7:05 p.m.

For more information and to purchase your tickets, visit www.indians.com/puppypalooza or call 216-420-HITS! A portion of the proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL., Join the Cleveland APL and other rescues and shelters from NE Ohio at the “Mutt Strut & Mingle,” today from noon – 3 pm! The event will be held at the Cuyahoga County Shelter in Valley View and will feature a Pack Walk at 10 am, the adoption fair starting at noon, and all the while, local food trucks will be on hand to provide food and refreshments!

Visit (http://www.cuyahogadogs.com/pdf_cuyahogadogs/en-US/Mutt%20Strut%20&%20Mingle%20Flyer.pdf) for more information. , If your adorable furry friend is star material, then don’t miss the chance to feature them in the 2015 Cleveland APL pet calendar honoring our area’s much-beloved pets! Enter your pet's photo in the Cleveland APL's 2015 Pet Calendar Contest today!

Here are some helpful tips to help you get started:
- Digital photos are preferred. Cell phone photos are accepted if saved at the highest resolution possible. Polaroid or copyrighted professional photographs are not acceptable and we cannot return photographs.
- Photos must be of pets only — no people (or parts of people), please!
- There is an entry fee of $25.00 per picture , Have you downloaded our new FREE adoption app to your iOS or Android device? If not, click to learn how you can easily view all of our adoptable animals who are currently waiting for loving homes on our adoption app! Please SHARE!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Share this post with your friends and family and tell them to 'like' Crocker Park! For every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans by the end of so ‘likes’ Crocker Park today and help the animals at the APL! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., Here is some behind-the-scenes footage of Coach in a project STAR group class. As you can see, Coach knows how to sit, stay, leave it, down, give paw, beg, and speak. He is an adorable and well-behaved dog who will make a wonderful companion for someone!  

Learn more about Coach by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22386474&location=Cleveland+APL or calling our adoptions staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Learn about our Barn Cat Program!, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Jessie Jarjabka, Animal Wellness & Transfer Coordinator, along with Christopher Bob:

"8-year-old Christopher Bob came to us through our Dog Transfer Program and he won my heart with his enthusiasm, so much so that I have let him reside in my office from time to time.  The big lug is perfect! He’s house broken, quiet, goofy, and loving. He would make a wonderful addition to any family. He gets along great with other dogs and loves everyone he meets!" 
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22690633&location=Cleveland+APL, Harley, a handsome 6-year-old kitty is ready to get out of his cage a find a loving home!  Although Harley is timid and shy at first, he will warm up to you pretty quickly! He might even jump onto your shoulder, as he did with APL Veterinary Technician, Katie! 

To learn more about this handsome guy, please visit http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/?animal_id=22519188&location=Cleveland+APL or call our adoptions staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Today is the last day to place your vote for Tryst Salon and Spa in the Wella Charity Challenge! Your vote can help Tryst Salon and Spa win up to $10,000 for the Cleveland APL, so please vote today!, Kittens have arrived at the Cleveland APL! View all of the adorable kitties who are waiting for loving homes by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/. 

If you have any questions about an animal who is available for adoption, please contact our adoption staff by calling 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Have you downloaded our new FREE adoption app to your iOS or Android device? If not, click to learn how you can easily view all of our adoptable animals who are currently waiting for loving homes on our adoption app! Please SHARE!
, Mo is a 4-month-old male Hound mix who was transferred to the Cleveland APL from an underserved shelter in southern Ohio.  He was in need of immediate medical care.  Mo had a large wound on the right side of his face that involved his ear and eye.  The APL veterinary team thought his injuries were the result of either an untreated medical condition or trauma.  Mo’s eye was so badly damaged that it had to be removed as did a large part of his ear.  He also had to be treated for ticks, whipworms, and kennel cough.  

Mo spent about 3 weeks in the home of an APL foster care volunteer healing from his injuries. He is a sweet boy with lots of personality and is looking for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22444478&location=Cleveland+APL, What's your cat's favorite type of box to hang out in? :), Are you looking to have a great time AND help the Cleveland APL? Check out 7 ways you can do that!, Sierra Mist is a sweet 1-year-old Shepherd/Boxer mix who is waiting to meet her future family at our adoption center in Tremont! Sierra came to the Cleveland APL in April through our Dog Transfer Program.

Learn more about this beautiful pup by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/?animal_id=22585976&location=Cleveland+APL., Help the Cleveland APL while you shop! Sound too good to be true?! Well, it's not!  AmazonSmile is a simple way for you to support the Cleveland APL every time you shop at Amazon, at no cost to you. When you shop at AmazonSmile, you’ll find the same shopping experience as Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! Simply visit smile.amazon.com and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" and start shopping! , Jock is still missing and, unfortunately, there have not been any recent sightings of him. Jock ran away in the parking lot of the Parma PetSmart on Ridge Road on Wednesday, April 30th at 8 p.m.

Our staff and volunteers have been searching for Jock with no luck. Fliers have also been passed out around the area and at local businesses and has also been posted on Craigslist. If you find Jock, please contact the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616 or the Parma PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center at 440-845-9592. If you see Jock but are not able to get to him, please contact the Parma police department at 440-885-1234., Meet Radisson and Daisy, our Pets of the Week! 
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Puppypalooza is back! We hope you and your pooch will join us on Tuesday, June 17 at 7:05 p.m. when the Cleveland Indians will take on the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim at Progressive Field.

For more information and to purchase your tickets, visit www.indians.com/puppypalooza or call 216-420-HITS! A portion of the proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL., Visit https://hairdressersatheart.com/support-about.php?id=58 and vote for Tryst Salon and Spa in the Wella Charity Challenge! Your vote can help Tryst Salon and Spa win up to $10,000 for the Cleveland APL. Please "SHARE" this so they can get lots of votes! Voting ends on May 15th!, Do you have a cute photo of your furry friend? Enter our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!

Here are some helpful hints for taking and submitting photos for the contest:
- Photos must be of pets only — no people (or parts of people), please!
- Digital photos are preferred. Cell phone photos are accepted if saved at the highest resolution possible. 
- $25.00 entry fee per picture

Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/, Check out all of our exciting offsite adoption events that are coming up, including dog and cat adoptions at SouthPark Mall today from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.!, Look who went home this week!

Check out these adorable photos of some of the furry friends who met their new families this week at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, Did you know the Cleveland APL now has an FREE adoption app available for iphones and Androids?

Just search for "Cleveland APL" in the App Store/Google Play on your phone and download our app today! You can view all of the animals who are currently waiting for homes, share with friends, and much more!, Last year, the Cleveland APL launched a new program called project CARE. Read more about the program, its mission and success in this ASPCA blog post!
, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager, along with Radisson: 

"Radisson is a two-year-old Akita-Shepherd mix who was transferred to the APL from another kennel.  He is energetic and fun-loving.  Radisson's favorite game is fetch, and he also loves to play with other dogs.  Through the project STAR training program, Radisson has learned to sit, down, stay, and leave it.  He enjoys learning new things, and is happy to work for a toss of the ball!", "Like" Crocker Park's Facebook page and support the Cleveland APL!
https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, It’s Draft Day! What better day to visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center and “draft” a new member of your family! We have lots of furry friends waiting to “join your team,” like Athena who is pictured! 

Visit http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/ or download our free iOS or Android adoption app to view all of the animals who are currently waiting for loving homes!, Hermione, a seal point Siamese cat, is missed at her house on W. 28th Street in Ohio City. Her body is a little darker than in this picture, and her eyes are very blue. She is an indoor cat and very shy. Please call 216-258-5232 if you see or find her., On Sunday, May 4th, the Cleveland APL joined several area animal rescue organizations at Paws in Public Square, organized by the Horseshoe Casino Cleveland. Our volunteers had a great afternoon showing off Sprite, Mr. Mutton Chops, Rocky and Gertie while educating the public on the APL’s services. One even provided shelter from the downtown wind for an adoptable Greyhound!

Make sure to check out our upcoming offsite adoption events by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/offsite-adoption-events/!, Make your furry friend a STAR! Enter your pet's photo in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest!  Learn how to enter by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., Puppypalooza is back! Join us on Tuesday, June 17 at 7:05 p.m. when the Cleveland Indians will take on the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim at Progressive Field. 

You can enjoy the game with your dog and even participate in a pre-game parade around the warning track on the field! There will be lots of fun activities for you and your pooch, so please visit www.indians.com/puppypalooza or call 216-420-HITS to purchase your tickets! A portion of the proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL., The Cleveland APL now has an Android app!  Search for "Cleveland APL" in Google Play on your device and download our free app! In the app, you can view all of the animals who are currently waiting for loving homes at the our adoption center in Tremont, our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®, and our offsite locations!

Remember, for those of you who have iOS devices such as iphones or ipads, we have a free, mobile app available for you as well! This can be downloaded by searching for "Cleveland APL" in the App Store.

A huge thank you to the ASPCA for making the development of these apps possible through a grant!, Help the Cleveland APL and win 4 tickets to a Cleveland Indians game! The next four people who become a Pet Partners will win 4 tickets a mutually agreed upon Indians game!

To become a Pet Partner right now, visit https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752 and either make a one-time gift of $240, or donate $20 per month for a year!

To donate $20 per month for a year, type in $20 for the amount, click "I would like my donation to recur", choose "monthly" for frequency of donation, type in "11" for number of recurrences. Complete the rest of the form as instructed.

We will notify the winners via e-mail! Thank you for your support!, Here is a special #ClevelandAPLVolunteerSelfie! Stephanie, a fabulous Cleveland APL Volunteer is pictured with Marilyn Monroe, an adorable, 3-month-old rat who is currently waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! 

Learn more about Marilyn by visiting http://bit.ly/1nlsvTM., Parma area residents: Unfortunately, we do not have any updates or further reported sightings of Jock. Here is a video we have of him. Please call the Parma police at 440-885-1234 if you see Jock!!!, We have some very exciting news to share - we just performed our 1,000th adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!!!!

Franklin (the pooch pictured) is going home with his new family today and will enjoy his big, fenced yard to run around in! :), PETEY IS LOST! Please share this and post any sightings onto Cuyahoga County Animal Shelter's page and help us find Petey. Thank you!, Interested in lending a helping hand this Saturday? Join the Tremont Safety Committee in a cleanup effort during RiverSweep 2014!, Congratulations and THANK YOU to the Q Cash Captain, Kid and School Winners! Thank you for collecting Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash to support the Cleveland APL! You will be contacted by someone from the APL soon regarding your prize!

Q Cash Captain Winner: Valerie Jimenez – $2,011.53
Q Cash Kid Winner: Emily Wander & Katie Bly – $1,178.02
Q Cash School Winner: Messiah Lutheran – $1,045.00, Last year, Tryst Salon and Spa generously held a “Dog Days of Summer” fundraiser to benefit the Cleveland APL. This year, Tryst is supporting us once again! 

Visit https://hairdressersatheart.com/support-about.php?id=58 and vote for Tryst Salon in the Wella Charity Challenge! Your vote can help Tryst Salon and Spa win up to $10,000 for the Cleveland APL. Please "SHARE" this so they can get lots of votes! Voting ends on May 15th!, Meet Omar, a handsome 5 year old who came to the Cleveland APL as a stray. Omar is waiting to meet his future family at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store! http://bit.ly/1nYpY4l, Visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart® today during PetSmart Charities National Adoption Weekend and meet your new best friend!
https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/, Thanks to Q104 - Cleveland and all of donations that were made over the last two days, $84,518 was raised for the Cleveland APL during the 9th Annual Pledge For Pets Radiothon!!!!

It's not too late to make a donation online. Visit https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752., Dickens found his purrfect family today at the Cleveland APL during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

Call (216) 566-7387!!!! Donate online by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Our fantastic phone bank volunteers are ready to take your calls during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! Just a half hour left for you to call (216) 566-7387!!!!!
Donate online by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Did you know a gift of $75 will help us to feed all of the dogs and puppies at the Cleveland APL for one day?
 
Call (216) 566-7387 now and make your #PledgeForPets!!
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Right now, on Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon, you're listening to Spot's story. Read Spot's touching story and please help make a difference by calling 216-566-7387!! 
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Emily and Katie just dropped off the doggy dollars and kitty kash they raised as "BFFs for Animals"! Thank you, Emily and Katie!

Make your donation during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! Call 216-566-7387 now!! Less than 2 hours left!!!
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, This adorable pup named April found her happily ever after today when she was adopted by her new mom!

Come down to our adoption center in Tremont and meet your new best friend! Adult cat adoption fees are reduced to $10.40 and kittens to $40. View all of our adoptable animals by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Your gift will make a difference for the animals. 

Call 216-566-7387 and make your #PledgeForPets now!
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Q104 - Cleveland's Carley McCord is staying in a dog cage until we reach 50 Pet Partners!!!!! Call 216-566-7387 now and help us reach our goal!  #PledgeForPets https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Everyone is having a great time during the family fun festivities at the Cleveland APL during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! Come down to our adoption center in Tremont, enjoy gelato from The Sweet Spot, frozen yogurt from Menchie's, play carnival games such as a baseball toss, lightning toss and stand the bottle, as well as a caricature artist, tattoo artist for the kids, and enjoy a popcorn machine!

While you're here, adopt a furry friend! Adult cats are available for adoption for $10.40 and kittens for $40 today in celebration of our friends at Q104!, Here is Molly today with her loving family! After everything Molly has been through, she has certainly found her happily ever after.

Make a donation NOW by calling 216-566-7387 or visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752. #PledgeForPets, Remember Molly, Noland's mom? Well Molly's family is here at Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon to share Molly's story and how this beautiful girl is doing today. http://q104.cbslocal.com/2014/05/03/meet-molly/, All of the wonderful Q Cash Captains, Kids, and Schools are having a blast turning in the donations they worked so hard to collect for the animals at the Cleveland APL! 

If you collected donations for the Cleveland APL, or would just like to come down and have a good time while making a donation, stop by our adoption center in Tremont and enjoy our family fun festivities, now until 3 p.m.!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/, Day 2 of Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon with Fee's Kompany is underway! Call 216-566-7387 to make a gift to help the animals at the Cleveland APL!
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, THANK YOU to Toshiba Business Solutions for stopping by Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon yesterday to bring $376 collected by their employees!!!

Do you have donations that you collected for the Cleveland APL?? Stop down at our adoption center in Tremont today from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., bring your donations and enjoy the family fun festivities!
http://q104.cbslocal.com/2014/05/01/join-us-saturday-at-the-cleveland-apl-for-our-family-fun-fest-at-the-pledge-for-pets-radiothon/, Today is DAY 2 of Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! Tune in from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and call-in to make your pledge for the animals! You can also make a donation online now - https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752

Also, if you collected donations as a Q Cash Kid, Captain, or School, stop by between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. and celebrate your hard work! Festivities will include carnival games such as a baseball toss, lightning toss and stand the bottle, as well as a caricature artist, tattoo artist for the kids, a popcorn machine, Menchie's frozen yogurt and gelato from The Sweet Spot!

If you didn't get a chance to collect Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash, you're still welcome to come down, make a donation, and have a great time!

The festivities will take place in the parking lot outside of the APL in Tremont, on 1729 Willey Avenue, and will be covered in case of rain.

Finally, maybe you will find a furry friend to bring home! Today, adult cats are available for adoption for $10.40 and kittens for $40!, Q104 - Cleveland will be back at the Cleveland APL tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. for the second day of the #PledgeForPets Radiothon!

You can still make a donation tonight by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752.

Presented by the PUP Program from the Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, Penny found her happily ever after with her new brother Stevie (right) and parents!, WOW! A HUGE thank you to Menchie's Northeast Ohio!! During the course of the paw print sales at all Northeast Ohio Menchie's locations, $12,000 was raised for the Cleveland APL!, Unfortunately, Jock is still missing. Please share this post to help us get the word out!!, Two-year-old Sauron was transferred to the APL from an overcrowded shelter through our Dog Transfer Program.  He had a serious injury to his eye, and the APL veterinary team thought he may have been hit by a car.  It was determined that the best thing for the little guy was to remove his injured eye.  Following surgery, Sauron recovered in the home of an APL Foster Care volunteer.  When he came back to the APL and was ready to be adopted, Sauron wasted no time finding his forever home.  His happy ending came just one day after being put on the adoption floor!

Please call 216-566-PETS (7387) and make a gift today during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Sharon Harvey, President and CEO of the Cleveland APL, along with Q104 - Cleveland's Fee's Kompany, wants you to know how very important the support of the community is to the Cleveland APL. Please call 216-566-7387 now and support our life-saving work. #PledgeForPets, A gift of $30 will feed the small mammals at the Cleveland APL for five days!

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) and make a donation during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Hot Chelle Rae just stopped by during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! They would love to hear the phones ring!

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) to make your pledge and support the Cleveland APL!, Challenge Hour Sponsor, Champion Windows, Sun Rooms & Home Exteriors just announced they will generously donate $400 if we reach 20 Pet Partners during this Challenge Hour!!!  

Become a Pet Partner NOW by donating $20/month for one year to the Cleveland APL and call 216-566-PETS (7387)!!!, Telly's before and after photos show how far he has truly come since he was rescued by our Humane Investigations team on March 21. Today, Telly is doing great has made so much progress in his loving foster home. 

Please call 216-566-PETS (7387) and make your pledge during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Telly is back at the Cleveland APL with his foster parents for a visit during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon! 

Since going to his foster home, Telly has doubled his weight and is doing great!  Read Telly's story - https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/featured-animal-stories-radiothon-2014/featured-animal-telly/.

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) and make your pledge!!, Behind the scenes at the 9th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon! 

Our wonderful phone bank volunteers are ready to take your calls! Dial 216-566-PETS (7387) NOW to make your pledge and support the Cleveland APL!, Our Radiothon #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Lauren Spisak, Lead Adoptions Associate, with a very special kitty named Biddy: 

"Biddy is a sweet and sassy lap cat who has been at the APL for 9 very long months, longer than any other cat currently here. Will you be the one to finally give her a furever home?"

Biddy (and all adult cats) has a reduced adoption fee of just $10.40 today and tomorrow! http://bit.ly/1rMBVb8, Want to know what your donation to the Cleveland APL will do?
A gift of $25 will feed cats and kittens for approximately half a day!

Call 216-566-PETS (7387) and make a donation during Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon!! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752, Listen to Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon and hear touching stories like Penelope's: https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/featured-animal-stories-radiothon-2014/featured-animal-penelope/.

Make your pledge today by calling 216-566-PETS (7387)!, If you're listening to Q104 - Cleveland's #PledgeForPets Radiothon, you just heard Scout's story. Read more about Scout's journey and his wonderful, new life. Make sure to call 216-566-7387 to support the Cleveland APL!, We are just twenty minutes away from the start of Q104 - Cleveland's 9th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon! You can make a donation online NOW to support the Cleveland APL by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=523752. 

Make sure to listen today from 6am to 6pm and tomorrow from 10am to 4pm and hear heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and make a pledge to help the animals!, Q104 - Cleveland's 9th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon will take place TOMORROW and Saturday! Tune in and listen to heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and make a pledge to help the animals! https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/

Also, stop by our adoption center in Tremont tomorrow and Saturday and adopt a furry friend!  Adult cats over the age of one year will be available for adoption for only $10.40.  Kittens under one year of age will be available for adoption for only $40. https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-a-rockin-rescue-weekend-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Attention Parma area residents: Jock slipped out of his slip lead and ran away around 8 p.m. last night in the Parma PetSmart parking lot while walking out with his new family. PLEASE SHARE AND HELP US FIND JOCK!, Today's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Stephanie Ash, Adoption Supervisor, Everyday Adoption Center, along with Patience: 

"Patience is very lovable and just wants to give you kisses (as you can tell from my picture)! She is a 5.5 year old Boxer/Hound mix and is available for adoption at the EAC!" http://bit.ly/1fwVTH0, Visit our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the Parma PetSmart® this weekend during PetSmart Charities National Adoption Weekend and meet your new best friend!, Look who stopped by for a visit yesterday - it's Noland! 

When Noland, now named Dominic, came to the Cleveland APL, he was just one day old. Noland's mother, Molly, was malnourished and not able to care for him, and his survival was of great concern. Our wonderful APL animal care team decided the best option would be to try placing little Noland with a litter of nursing kittens. Remarkably, mom cat Lurlene (pictured on top) welcomed Noland into her litter as if he was one of her own, nursing him and giving him lots of TLC!

Dominic is now part of a loving family which includes his mom, dad and two canine siblings!, Meet Floyd, an adorable 11-year-old Jack Russell Terrier mix who has been with us since January. Floyd was very quiet and reserved when he first arrived, but has blossomed into a happy-go-lucky little guy! He loves going for walks and curling up on his nice big dog bed. He’d prefer to be an only dog.

Visit Floyd at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. http://bit.ly/1jhwwb9, Looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL? We are in need of towels and blankets for our animals. 

Visit https://clevelandapl.org/about-us/visitcontact/ to view our hours and locations. Please feel free to drop off donated items during our hours of operation. Thank you for your support!, Check out this wonderful article about a few of our many amazing volunteers who generously donate their time to support the Cleveland APL and help all of the animals who come through our doors!

If you would like to learn more about becoming a Cleveland APL volunteer, please visit https://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/.  If you're interested in becoming a Cleveland APL Foster Care volunteer, visit https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/foster-care/., This Friday and Saturday, Q104 - Cleveland's Fee's Kompany will be broadcasting live from the Cleveland APL during the 9th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon to raise money for homeless animals. This year, in an effort to help even more animals, we are hosting a Rockin’ Rescue weekend in conjunction with Radiothon!

Visit our adoption center in Tremont this Friday and Saturday, and adopt an adult cat over the age of one year for only $10.40.  Kittens under one year of age will be available for adoption for only $40! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-a-rockin-rescue-weekend-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Cindy Clawford is striking a pose for the camera! This beautiful 4 year old was brought to the APL by a Good Samaritan who found her in a box in the middle of a street. Cindy is a sweetheart who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. http://bit.ly/1nZtIjx, Wow! Check out all of the paw prints at the Menchie's Northeast Ohio in Woodmere! If you look closely, you can see they even spelled out APL in the window! 

It's not too late to buy your paw print for $1 to support the Cleveland APL. Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/other-ways-to-help-radiothon-2014/, Just a couple of days left!  Share this post with your friends and family and tell them to 'like' Crocker Park! For every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans by the end of April so ‘like’ Crocker Park today and help the animals at the APL! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., How would you like to DOUBLE the impact on the number of animals you can help at the Cleveland Animal Protective League? 
Click http://t.e2ma.net/message/ot3v4/opkefb to learn how!, Q104 - Cleveland's 9th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon will take place this Friday and Saturday, May 2nd and 3rd! Tune in a listen to heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and make a pledge to help the animals! https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/, Come to our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® and meet your new best friend during this downpour of felines!

Reduced cat adoption fees are $10 for adult cats and $50 for kittens under 5 months! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-raining-cats-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Make sure to tune in to Q104 - Cleveland's 9th Annual #PledgeForPets Radiothon on May 2 & 3! Hear heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and make a pledge to help the animals! https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/

Presented by Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, The forecast is calling for heavy showers – showers of cats, that is! 

Visit one of our adoption centers today or tomorrow and adopt a feline friend during this downpour for specially reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adult cats and $50 for kittens under 5 months! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-raining-cats-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Today is Hairball Awareness Day! Here are a few interesting facts you might not know about hairballs:

- Hairballs are also known as trichobezoars
- Rabbits can get hairballs too
- Hairballs are a byproduct of feline grooming
- Usually, hairballs pass through the intestinal system and come out in the stool undetected

* Cats with frequent hairballs should be examined by a vet for other intestinal issues.

Thanks to Dr. Allison Lash, Head of Veterinary Services at the Cleveland APL, for providing hairball facts!

* The adorable kitty featured in this Hairball Awareness Day graphic is Emma Sue! She is 9 years old and is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! Don't forget - this weekend adult cats are available for adoption for $10 and kittens for $50! http://bit.ly/1rrsqxU, It's raining cats! Adopt an adult cat for just $10 or a kitten for $50 today through Sunday at our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center!

https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-raining-cats-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Time for this week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie, featuring Amanda Namenek, Adoptions/Retail Supervisor, with Sir Elton:  

"Sir Elton is currently presiding over the adoptions office. He enjoys lounging on our keyboards and demanding affection. This handsome 12-year-old cat takes a little while to warm up to people, but once he does, you are friends for life.  If you’re looking for a constant companion, come and meet Sir Elton!" http://bit.ly/1pcZev3, April showers have brought a flood of felines to the Cleveland APL! In order to help these wonderful animals find loving homes, we will be reducing cat and kitten adoption fees Friday, April 25th through Sunday, April 27th.

Visit one of our adoption centers on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday April 25-27, and adopt a feline friend during this downpour for specially reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adult cats and $50 for kittens under 5 months. 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-raining-cats-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Thank you to everyone who voted for the Cleveland Animal Protective League for Best Nonprofit or Charity in Cleveland Scene Magazine's Best of Cleveland 2014! We are honored to have been voted as the winner again this year! 
http://www.clevescene.com/cleveland/best-nonprofit-or-charity/BestOf?oid=4297595, Tune in to Q104 - Cleveland's 9th Annual  #PledgeForPets Radiothon on May 2 & 3!  Hear heartwarming tales of the Cleveland APL's animals and make a pledge to help the animals! https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/

Presented by Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District, Too many toys?!? No such thing! :)

As you can see, Rick is a handsome 3-year-old Bulldog mix who was transferred to the Cleveland APL from another shelter. Visit this adorable guy at our adoption center in Tremont! http://bit.ly/1f3lQNW, Visit one of our adoption centers on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday April 25-27, and adopt a feline friend during this downpour for specially reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adult cats and $50 for kittens under 5 months. (Regular adoption fees are $45 for cats and $95 for kittens). Adoption centers are located at the Cleveland APL on 1729 Willey Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland and the Parma PetSmart® on Ridge Road.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-raining-cats-at-the-cleveland-apl/, We have made it through one of Cleveland’s harshest winters in years, but now the forecast is calling for heavy showers – showers of cats, that is!  In order to help these wonderful animals find loving homes, we will be reducing cat and kitten adoption fees Friday, April 25th through Sunday, April 27th.

Visit one of our adoption centers on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday April 25-27, and adopt a feline friend during this downpour for specially reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adult cats and $50 for kittens under 5 months. (Regular adoption fees are $45 for cats and $95 for kittens). Adoption centers are located at the Cleveland APL on 1729 Willey Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland and the Parma PetSmart® on Ridge Road.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/its-raining-cats-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Check out photos from Tuna Melts My Heart's meet and greet at the Cleveland APL!, If you didn't get a chance to come to Tuna Melts My Heart's meet and greet at the Cleveland APL last night, check out some highlights here! Thanks to Tuna's visit, the Cleveland APL received more than $550 in donations during the meet and greet!

http://www.newsnet5.com/lifestyle/pets/instagram-sensation-tuna-melts-my-heart-makes-stop-at-cleveland-apl-during-tuna-tour

http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2014/04/video_tuna_the_dog_melts_many.html

http://fox8.com/2014/04/21/so-cute-instagram-sensation-tuna-melts-hearts-in-cleveland/, Behind-the-scenes at Tuna Melts My Heart's meet and greet at the Cleveland APL!, Meet Tuna Melts My Heart at the Cleveland APL today!

Tuna, a social media sensation is teaming up with BarkBox to embark on a TUNA TOUR around the eastern/southern United States, stopping in 8 cities for meet and greets that will raise awareness and funds for the hosting organizations. One of those lucky organizations will be the Cleveland Animal Protective League located at 1729 Willey Avenue, today from 5 to 7 p.m.

***View all details: http://www.tunameltsmyheart.com/meet-and-greets, Enjoy delicious frozen yogurt and support the Cleveland APL! Stop by any Menchie's Northeast Ohio (locations) NOW though May 2 and purchase a paw print for $1 with 100% of the proceeds going to the Cleveland APL!  https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/other-ways-to-help-radiothon-2014/, Our adoption center in Tremont will be closed on Easter. Please note our hours at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center., Don't forget - on Monday, April 21 from 5 to 7 p.m., we will welcome a special visitor to the Cleveland APL - Tuna Melts My Heart!

Tuna, a social media sensation is teaming up with animal enthusiasts, BarkBox to embark on a TUNA TOUR around US, stopping in 8 cities for meet and greets. One of those stops will be in Cleveland, at the Cleveland Animal Protective League located at 1729 Willey Avenue.

Read more about Tuna's meet and greet at the Cleveland APL: http://www.tunameltsmyheart.com/meet-and-greets
#tunameltsmyheart #thetunatour, Sign up the become a Q Cash Captain, Kid, or School today!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/

You can help animals AND win cool prizes, like a fabulous night in Cleveland which includes a balcony box and 6 general admission tickets to a show of your choice at House of Blues Cleveland and a complimentary, overnight stay at the Aloft Cleveland Downtown!, Interested in employment at the Cleveland APL?

Learn about our upcoming job fair that will be held on Wednesday, April 23 from 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. at the Cleveland APL., null, null, null, On Monday, April 21 we will welcome a special visitor to the Cleveland APL - Tuna Melts My Heart!

Tuna, a social media sensation is teaming up with animal enthusiasts, BarkBox to embark on a TUNA TOUR around US, stopping in 8 cities for meet and greets. One of those stops will be in Cleveland, at the Cleveland Animal Protective League located at 1729 Willey Avenue in Cleveland from 5-7 p.m. on Monday, April 21. Stop by to meet our adoptable animals, meet Tuna, and take a photo with him! This exciting, meet and greet will also help to raise awareness and funds for the Cleveland APL. Remember to bring your camera!

*If you plan to come meet Tuna, please know that parking at the Cleveland APL is limited and carpooling to the meet and greet is highly recommended.

Read more about the TUNA TOUR: http://www.tunameltsmyheart.com/meet-and-greets
#tunameltsmyheart #thetunatour, The Furever Friends campaign is still going on! Share this post with your friends and family and tell them to 'like' Crocker Park! For every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans by the end of April so ‘like’ Crocker Park today and help the animals at the APL! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., Last year, Tryst Salon and Spa generously held a “Dog Days of Summer” fundraiser to benefit the Cleveland APL. This year, Tryst is supporting us once again!  Visit https://hairdressersatheart.com/support-about.php?id=58 and vote for Tryst Salon in the Wella Charity Challenge! Your vote can help Tryst Salon and Spa win up to $10,000 for the Cleveland APL. Please "SHARE" this so they can get lots of votes!, Time for this week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie, featuring Dr. Allison Lash, Head of Veterinary Services, with Jack:

"Jack is 2 years old and was surrendered to us because he was too energetic for an apartment. Jack lived with 2 other cats and older children in his previous home. Jack is very talkative and energetic! He is lot of fun!" http://bit.ly/1l8BU3t, Meet Bo and Pepper, our adorable Pets of the Week!
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, As you might remember, we shared Telly's story on March 21 during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon.

Telly came to us that day after he was rescued by one of our Humane Officers. He was left abandoned in an apartment and was clearly emaciated and in bad shape. Today, Telly is spending time in his loving foster home. We are thrilled to report that Telly has gained 15 pounds and is doing great, as you can see in his new photo below!, Thank you to Carl from the Bay Village Kiwanis and Zorana from the Bay Village Middle School Builders Club for bringing in more than 84 items to donate to the Cleveland APL!, Do you have an adorable photo of your furry friend?

Enter it in our 2015 Pet Calendar Contest and make your furry friend a star! Learn how to enter by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., Are you looking to make a difference in the lives of the more than 14,000 animals the Cleveland APL cares for every year?

Sign up the become a Q Cash Captain, Kid, or School today! 
https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/

You can help animals AND win cool prizes, like ten 1-hour “jump time” passes to Sky Zone Cleveland - Westlake, Ohio!, A BIG THANK YOU to the 450 pooches and their "people" who came to the 6th Annual Pucks and Paws Lake Erie Monsters game on Sunday! 

Thanks to the support of the Monsters, more than $3,750 was donated to the Cleveland APL from the sale of tickets for dogs, a portion of the human tickets, as well as a portion of the proceeds from the 50/50 raffle!, Did you hear?!  During the month of April, we’ve teamed up with Crocker Park to launch the Furever Friends Campaign and we need your help! All you need to do is ‘like’ the Crocker Park Facebook Page and for every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans by the end of April so ‘like’ Crocker Park today and help the animals at the APL! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., Honey Bun and Cutie Pie are two adorable kitties who came to the Cleveland APL together. As you can see, this purrfect pair is enjoying hanging out with each other in our cat playroom. They would love to find a wonderful home together! 

Learn more about these fantastic felines by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/., King is a handsome 7 year old who is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. King has been around children in his previous home and did great with them! Learn more about King - http://bit.ly/1mZDMZl, Go Monsters!, The Mullet Brothers visiting with a couple of guests at Pucks and Paws!, All of the pooches are arriving at Quicken Loans Arena for Pucks and Paws at the Lake Erie Monsters game!, Sign up to be a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School and help the Cleveland APL! Plus, check out all of the fun prizes you can win as the top fundraising Kid, Captain and School!, Get your tickets to Pucks and Paws at the Lake Erie Monsters game on Sunday! 

To learn more about the game and purchase your tickets, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/., Hi friends! Take a minute out of your day to vote for the Cleveland Animal Protective League for best local nonprofit/ charity for Cleveland Scene Magazine's Best of Cleveland 2014!! Voting ends today at 5 p.m.! Thanks!, During the month of April, we’ve teamed up with Crocker Park to launch the Furever Friends Campaign and we need your help! All you need to do is ‘like’ the Crocker Park Facebook Page and for every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans by the end of April so ‘like’ Crocker Park today and help the animals at the APL! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., This week's #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie features Katie Brodie, Veterinary Technician with Calisi:

"Calisi is a fantastic 2 year old who loves everyone she meets! She was surrendered by her owner in early March and is ready to find a loving home!" http://bit.ly/1etJwVT, Did you get your tickets to Pucks and Paws at the Lake Erie Monsters game?! Check out photos from last year's game by visiting https://www.flickr.com/photos/clevelandapl/sets/72157632915245978/!

To learn more about the game and purchase your tickets, visit https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/., Looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL? Visit our Amazon Wish List to purchase much-needed items including dry erase markers and rawhide chews! Thanks for your support!, After three months at the Cleveland APL, Cinnamon has finally found her loving home with the perfect adopter! Cinnamon is doing great, has already settled in (she has her own favorite chair), and has adjusted quickly to her new cat-siblings! Thanks to Cinnamon's new mom, Laura for giving her a loving home!, Start your Wednesday with a smile! :)

Read Tessy's Happy Tale:

"I wanted to send an updated photo of our kitten Tessy who’s now 9 months old. We adopted her last spring from the APL when she was very young.  She is so well behaved it’s hard to imagine she was ever roaming the streets of Cleveland. She has always used her litter box and doesn’t really scratch too much, but we have soft nail caps on her just in case. Her favorite activities include licking our cotton t-shirts, hiding her toys under the bed and hanging out  in the bathroom sink. She certainly loves the water just like an orange tabby. Recently she even jumped into a full bathtub!

Thanks for bringing us together! She has certainly found her forever home with us."

Meghan Wawak, King is a handsome 7-year-old who is waiting to find his future family at our adoption center in Tremont. King previously lived in a home with children and did great with them! Learn more about this sweet boy - http://bit.ly/1mZDMZl, During the month of April, we’ve teamed up with Crocker Park to launch the Furever Friends Campaign and we need your help! All you need to do is ‘like’ the Crocker Park Facebook Page and for every ‘like’ they receive, they will make a donation directly to the APL. The goal is to reach 50,000 fans by the end of April so ‘like’ Crocker Park today and help the animals at the APL! Also, be on the lookout for our adoption events happening at Crocker Park this summer and fall., Thank you to Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl for holding a fantastic event on Saturday, April 5th! A wonderful time was had by all in support of the Cleveland APL!, Marley is an adorable 1-and-a-half-year-old Hound/German Shepherd mix who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! Marley is housetrained and lived with a cat in his previous home. Visit Marley today! http://bit.ly/1hTZRYz, Pucks and Paws is right around the corner!  See how you can purchase tickets for you and your pup by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/.

Remember, in order for the Cleveland APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, please download the flyer on our website, mention the APL when you order your tickets over the phone, or click on the link on our website and enter the promotion code “apl”!, Enjoy delicious frozen yogurt and support the Cleveland APL! Stop by your local Menchie’s now through May 2 to purchase a paw print for $1 to benefit the Cleveland APL for Q104′s Pledge For Pet’s Radiothon!, Rover the Lhasa Apso/Poodle Mix, Trent the Border Terrier puppy, Lunchlady Doris the Retriever/Shepherd Mix and Prescott and his kitten siblings will all be available for adoption at Southpark Mall from 11-3 today. Come on out and meet your new best friend!, Stop by SouthPark Mall today between 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. to visit with our dogs and cats who are waiting for loving homes!, Sign up to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School and help the animals at the Cleveland APL! Your Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash will make a direct impact on the more than 14,000 animals that will come through the doors of the Cleveland Animal Protective League this year alone.
Sign up today by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/, Happy Opening Day! Go Tribe!

Don't forget - your pooch can attend a Cleveland Indians game with you this summer! Save the date for #Puppypalooza on Tuesday, June 17!  A portion of the proceeds from this event will benefit the Cleveland APL. 

Check our website for updated ticket information in the coming weeks by visiting www.ClevelandAPL.org!, For our first #ClevelandAPLStaffSelfie, Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager wants to tell you about Chicory:

"Chicory is a 7-month-old Basenji/Shepherd mix who has been at the APL since January. He is a very sweet, fun and loving boy, and has been in training through the APL's project STAR behavior program.  Chicory knows how to sit, down, leave it, stay, hand target, walk on a loose leash and more.  He needs an adopter who will take the time to continue to work with him on basic training because he is still a puppy and needs consistency.  Chicory is very attentive when he is asked to do something, and he gets along well with other dogs.  He loves play dates and is also learning to sit politely when he meets people.  Please come meet Chicory our adoption center in Tremont!" http://bit.ly/1mPq1iA, The Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl will be held on Saturday, April 5th from 4 p.m. to 11 p.m. and will be held across six different animal-named bars in Cleveland in support of the Cleveland Animal Protective League!

Visit the Cleveland Animals Bar Crawl Facebook page for more information! https://www.facebook.com/ClevelandAnimals?fref=ts, Meet Gabby, a beautiful snugglebug who has been having a difficult time adjusting to life in a shelter. Gabby was brought the Cleveland APL in early January after living 5 years of her life in her previous home.  Although Gabby is loved by staff and has become a volunteer favorite here at the Cleveland APL, she would be much happier in a loving home. If you look closely at Gabby’s photo, you can see bald patches on her legs. Our Veterinary team believes that Gabby’s bald patches are caused by her over-grooming due to stress.  

Gabby needs to be an “only child”—no other cats, and she has not been around children.  What she would be is a cuddlebug and lap kitty to her “special person.”  Oh, did we mention she likes to give hugs? Please help this sweet 6 year old find a loving home by sharing her photo!  http://bit.ly/1eeqJxF, ZeeZaa wants you to pick her to be your new best friend! This beautiful 11 year old is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont. http://bit.ly/1jEDHKu, We're having a baby shower! Visit our Amazon Wish list at http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV to purchase a much-needed "baby shower gift" for our neonates and the wonderful APL Foster Care Volunteers who will care for them this spring!

*All of the much-needed neonate items are posted on first page of our wish list., Pucks and Paws is right around the corner! See how you can purchase tickets for you and your pup by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/.

Remember, in order for the Cleveland APL to receive the additional fundraised portion of the human tickets, please download the flyer on our website, mention the APL when you order your tickets over the phone, or click on the link on our website and enter the promotion code “apl”!, Happy National Ferret Day! Featured in this photo is Cleveland APL alum, Clyde. 

Share with us a photo of your pet ferret!, Did you turn to the next month on your Cleveland APL calendar yet? If not, this is a reminder to do so!  Sam, also known as this year's “Mr. April,” also wants to remind you that it’s not too early to enter the Cleveland APL’s 2015 Pet Calendar Contest! 

To enter your furry friend's photo, visit https://clevelandapl.org/events/cleveland-apl-2015-pet-calendar-contest/., This beautiful girl's name is Tea. She is a 7-year-old Cane Corso mix who is playful and very loving! Tea is a sweetheart who is waiting for a wonderful home at our adoption center in Tremont. Visit her today!
http://bit.ly/1mI4qbP, null, Sign up to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School and help the animals at the Cleveland APL! Your Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash will make a direct impact on the more than 14,000 animals that will come through the doors of the Cleveland Animal Protective League this year alone.
Sign up today by visiting https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/, You can be a part of a baby shower without playing the silly games! Participate in our First Annual “It’s Raining Puppies and Kittens” Baby Shower!

It’s easy to help – simply visit our Amazon Wish list at  http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV to purchase a much-needed item for our neonates and the wonderful APL Foster Care Volunteers who will care for them this spring!

*All of the much-needed neonate items are posted on first page of our wish list.

Don’t forget – the Cleveland APL is on AmazonSmile!  In addition to purchasing an item from our wish list, you can shop at AmazonSmile and the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL! Simply visit smile.amazon.com, create an account and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" to start shopping!, Today is the last day to participate in the Affordable Cat Act! Visit our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® to adopt a feline friend! Reduced adoption fee for adults cats is $10 and $30 for kittens under 5 months! https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-extended-at-the-cleveland-apl/, There are lots of feline friends waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities EAC! Don't forget - today & tomorrow adult cats are available for adoption for just $10 and kittens for $30! 
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-extended-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Have you heard?!?! Participation in the Affordable Cat Act, also known as “APLCat”, has been extended at the Cleveland Animal Protective League now through Monday! 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-extended-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Thanks to all of the pooches and "their humans" who came to SouthPark Mall this morning for Q104 - Cleveland's Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk! 430 dogs attended the walk, and we are thrilled to report that more than $4,600 was raised for the Cleveland APL!, Bella is taking a rest during Q104 - Cleveland's Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk!, Q104 - Cleveland's Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk presented by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District is just getting started at SouthPark Mall! We hope you and your pooch will join us!, Rain and snow is in the forecast today... Forget about the cold weather and enjoy a fun, active morning with your pooch at Q104 - Cleveland's Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District! 

The walk will take place from 7:30 to 9:30 a.m. today at SouthPark Mall! Admission to the walk is a donation to the Cleveland APL.  
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Congratulations to the lucky winners of the NOAH prize packs. You will be contacted if you are a winner! Thank you to all who participated in #Noahsbark and helped find homes for companions! Celebrate our victory by going to see NOAH in theaters today! 
#Noahsbark, Thank you to Rose and her family for bringing lots of fantastic, donated items to our adoption center in Tremont today! These gifts were given to the Cleveland APL in celebration of Rose's first birthday! Happy birthday Rose! :), Join us for Q104 - Cleveland's 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District TOMORROW, March 29th at SouthPark Mall and enjoy a wonderful, active morning with your pooch and help the Cleveland APL at the same time!

Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, We are one day away from the big flood!  Don't leave Paris and Daisy behind!  Share it and enter to win a NOAH prize pack and tickets to see the film by filling out your information here: http://tinyurl.com/NoahAPL  #Noahsbark #1daytillflood, BREAKING NEWS!  Participation in the Affordable Cat Act, also known as “APLCat”, has been extended at the Cleveland Animal Protective League. 

Today through Monday, visit our adoption center in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® to adopt a feline friend!  Reduced adoption fee for adults cats is $10 and $30 for kittens under 5 months!, We learned some may have had technical (er, weather-related) difficulties in accessing the Affordable Cat Act, so we've extended the participation deadline. Don't miss your chance to enroll in this life-changing benefit by adopting a cat for an affordable $10 or a kitten for $30 by the March 31st deadline! And go figure, they'll all come with a free month of pet health insurance. Let everyone know ..., Don't forget to mention Biddy and Tortellini on your page!  Help rescue these furry friends from the flood today by clicking and sharing!  Share it and enter to win a NOAH prize pack and tickets to see the film by filling out your information here: http://tinyurl.com/NoahAPL #Noahsbark #2daystillflood, Look! Sir Elton is on the Cat TV! This handsome and sweet 12-year old Himalayan/Persian would do best in a household with no children under 12 and no dogs. Visit Sir Elton at our adoption center in Tremont! http://bit.ly/1pcZev3, BREAKING NEWS: Participation in the Affordable Cat Act, also known as “APLCat”, has been extended at the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Extended participation in the Affordable Care Act begins Friday, March 28th, and runs through Monday, March 31st.  
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-extended-at-the-cleveland-apl/, There is still time to help rescue the animals before the flood!  Will HELENA and LUCAS be on your page so they can find new homes?  Share it and enter to win a NOAH prize pack and tickets to see the film by filling out your information here: http://tinyurl.com/NoahAPL #3daystillflood, Can you even believe this is the same dog?! Once again, we'd like to give a HUGE thank you to our friends over at The Mutt Hutt Grooming Salon for helping our dogs look and feel their best!, The flood is almost upon us!  Click and watch the trailer for NOAH and help rescue our furry friends two by two! #Noahsbark #4daystillflood , Meet Glen (Super Glen!), a 2.5-year-old Pit Bull mix who came to us in February. He’s incredibly affectionate, has been great with visiting children, seems to be house trained, and is just an all-around great guy! Visit Glen at our adoption center in Tremont!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-American-Pit-Bull-Mix-22105023, VIDALIA and BUCKEYE are looking for travel companions for #Noahsbark!  Help us to make room for them in someone’s home by clicking and sharing on your page! And, when you share, enter to win a NOAH prize pack and tickets to see the film by filling out your information here: http://tinyurl.com/NoahAPL #5daystillflood, BREAKING NEWS: Participation in the Affordable Cat Act, also known as “APLCat”, has been extended at the Cleveland Animal Protective League!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-extended-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Sign up to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School and help the Cleveland APL!
Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/, Join us for Q104 - Cleveland's 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District THIS Saturday, March 29th at SouthPark Mall and enjoy a wonderful, active morning with your pooch and help the Cleveland APL at the same time!

Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, The flood is coming along with the upcoming movie debut of NOAH, and HAP and FLOYD need a new home!  Can you make room for them on your page?  Share this post to help them find their happy endings, and enter to win a NOAH prize pack and tickets to see the film by filling out your information here: http://tinyurl.com/NoahAPL #Noahsbark #6daystillflood, A FLOOD IS COMING, RESCUE THE ANIMALS TWO BY TWO!  This week we will be featuring several of our furry friends who are up for adoption in the wake of the upcoming movie NOAH.  You can help them find new homes by sharing our daily posts on your page. Share it and enter to win a NOAH prize pack and tickets to see the film by filling out your information here: http://tinyurl.com/NoahAPL #Noahsbark #6daystillflood, Meet Kong, a handsome 2-year-old Great Pyrenees/Newfoundland who is waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®. Kong did well other dogs and children in his previous home. Visit this loving boy today! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Great-Pyrenees-Newfoundland-22274700, If you didn't get a chance to visit one of Melt Bar and Grilled's Cleveland area locations yesterday, make sure to stop by today to help the Cleveland APL!

Melt is generously donating $1 from every Good Burger sold yesterday and today to the Cleveland APL!

Learn more: https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Include frozen yogurt and paw prints into your weekend plans! Now through May 2, stop by any  Menchie's Northeast Ohio to purchase a paw print for $1 with 100% of the proceeds going to the Cleveland APL!, null, THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks to your support and generosity, we were able to raise $60,557 (and still climbing) during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNotTelethon!!

If you didn't get a chance to call in and make a donation today, it's not too late. Simply visit https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2014Telethon to make a gift today!, Telly came to us today after he was rescued by one of our Humane Officers. He was left abandoned in an apartment and is clearly emaciated and in bad shape.  

You have seen all of the "afters" for animals who are in our care throughout WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNotTelethon. Now, you are seeing Telly's "before".  Telly's not out of the woods yet and has a long recovery ahead of him.  We can't provide this type of care without your help.  

Please call during our last half hour and make a donation to allow us to continue our life-saving work.  Dial 216-566-PETS or 866-392-PETS (7387). Your gift will make a difference.
You can also donate online by visiting: https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2014Telethon, Our wonderful phone bank volunteers are ready to take your call! Dial 216-566-PETS (7387) to support the Cleveland APL! #FurGetMeNotTelethon
https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Gambit made his appearance on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNotTelethon! Support the Cleveland APL and make a donation! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2014Telethon, Helena is a 4-year-old blind Himalayan mix who was found fending for herself in an abandoned home. Due to her blindness, Helena had a difficult time adapting to life in a shelter, so she has been staying in the office of one of our staff members and has been doing great! Helena is currently waiting for a loving home. Remember, today only, adult cats are available for adoption for $3, and kittens for $33 at our adoption center in Tremont!

Please help us care for many more animals like Helena by making a donation during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNotTelethon today! 
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2014Telethon, Horace is looking handsome in his bow tie from CollarDoos during WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNotTelethon! 
Learn more about this adorable pup who is waiting for a home today: http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Retriever-Labrador-Mix-22145382, Tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's #FurGetMeNotTelethon to learn about the thousands of animals the Cleveland APL cares for every year. One of those animals is this adorable pup named Walter!
Click to donate now:
https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2014Telethon, The 3rd annual #FurGetMeNotTelethon is just getting started! Tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland now until 7:30 p.m. And make sure to call in to support the Cleveland APL! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/2014Telethon, Happy first day of #Spring! 

What's your favorite springtime activity to do with your furry friend?, Tomorrow is the big day!!!!! Make sure to tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon tomorrow from 5:00 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.! 

Please tune in, spread the word, and call in to support the Cleveland APL! Also, stop by our adoption center in Tremont to ADOPT an adult cat for $3, or a kitten for $33! Our adoption center will be open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.!, Ginger, the adorable 12-year-old English Cocker Spaniel mix who was featured with Jason Nicholas as WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Pet of the Week, has been adopted! Ginger will be spending her days with her loving mom, dad and 13-year-old Cocker Spaniel sibling!, Thank you to the Robinson G. Jones Elementary School (part of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District) for inviting the Cleveland APL to their Author’s Night event with “Pete the Cat” author Eric Litwin last night! 

Several of our adoptable kitties enjoyed getting to play and cuddle with students as part of the evening’s festivities! :), Visit Melt Bar and Grilled and support the Cleveland APL this FRIDAY and SATURDAY! Click to learn more!, "Like" this photo if you (and your furry friends) will be tuning in to our third annual WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon on Friday!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this Friday, March 21 to  the third annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon!

Also, stop by our adoption center in Tremont from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m. during Telethon and adopt an adult cat (1 year and over) for only $3 or a kitten (under 1 year) for only $33!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Stop by our adoption center in Tremont to purchase raffle tickets to win a Scentsy gift basket AND help the Cleveland APL!

Raffle tickets can be purchased at our adoption desk for: 
$1 for a tickets, $5 for 6 tickets, $10 for an arm’s length, $20 for a wingspan., Does your kitty love to help when you're using the computer? :), Make sure to tune in to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland this Friday, March 21 to watch the third annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon! 

Also, stop by our adoption center in Tremont from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m. during Telethon and adopt an adult cat (1 year and over) for only $3 or a kitten (under 1 year) for only $33! 
https://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-get-me-not-telethon/, Happy St. Patty's Day from all of the furry friends at the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart®! 

We hope today will bring luck to animals like Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear. He is waiting for a home at our EAC!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-Jack-Russell-Beagle-22127613, Mark your calendars for March 29 and join us for Q104 - Cleveland's 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District at SouthPark Mall and enjoy a wonderful, active morning with your pooch and help the Cleveland APL at the same time!

Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Make sure to check out all of our upcoming offsite adoption events!, Collect Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash and help the four-legged members of our community who have no voice—and get rid of your spare change in the process!

Sign up to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School today!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/, It was love at first sight for Lalina and her new mom!, Lester with his new dad!, Puggaroni Pizza and his family! :), Radley is ready to go home with his new dad and brother!, :), Bob with his new mom!, Carrot is going home!, Charli is going home!, Cooey and Webster with their new family!, null, Our third annual WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland         Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon is a week from today! 

We will be on-air every half hour from 5:00 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. on Friday, March 21 sharing incredible stories that will showcase the diverse and meaningful work the APL does to rescue, heal, nurture, adopt, and advocate for animals in need. Make sure to tune in to WKYC Channel 3!, Meet the handsome Mr. Whiskers! This sweet guy is just 9 months old and is waiting for a great home at our Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart. Mr. Whiskers gets along great with other cats. Visit Mr. Whiskers today!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-22143024, Did you hear?!?!, Are you passionate about helping animals?  If so, then employment with the Cleveland APL might just be for you! We currently have positions available including an Adoptions Associate position at our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart. Check out our available positions today!, After the winter we have had, we think everyone could use some fun! Join us for Q104 - Cleveland's 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk sponsored by the PUP Program at Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District on Saturday, March 29th at SouthPark Mall and enjoy a wonderful, active morning with your pooch and help the Cleveland APL at the same time!

Learn more - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, The Cleveland APL in Tremont and our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart will close at 4:30 due weather. Please stay safe!, ATTENTION FRIENDS: We will be in need of towels, blankets and sheets at the Cleveland APL over the next few days. When the roads are safe and if you can help, please feel free to bring any of these items to help us care for our animals. If you live in the area close to the APL's adoption center in Tremont and feel safe coming down, we would appreciate any towels, blankets and sheets that you can donate to us!

Thank you for your support!, Ozzy (a feline resident of the administrative offices at the Cleveland APL) is helping us out with recycling today! :), Thank you to Peggy, Anne, Marge, Lisa and George, our incredibly dedicated Dog Walking Volunteers who were here this morning despite the horrible weather! On behalf of all of the dogs in our care, Brisco says thank you!, What household tasks do your furry friends help you with?, null, This handsome guy is Cocoa Puffs! He is described as "a 67 pound lap dog" and is looking for someone who loves to laugh and play around with him! 

Cocoa Puffs is a 4-year-old Retriever, Labrador mix and is waiting for his future family at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Retriever-Labrador-Mix-22068339, Did you see the wonderful article on cleveland.com about the generous children who have donated to the Cleveland APL instead of receiving gifts for their birthdays?  What an inspiration they are!, Save the Date!

The Third Annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon will take place on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland on Friday, March 21 from 5:00 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.  

This event will bring together the community and inspire viewers to help the thousands of animals that will come through the Cleveland APL’s doors this year., Meet Emma, a beautiful girl who is available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont. Emma is 8 years old and came to us at the beginning of March. Emma previously lived with another cat and has been around children. 

For more information about Emma, please call our adoptions staff at 216-771-4616, ext. 0 or visit Emma at the APL!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, Today is the last day to participate in the Affordable Cat Act! 
Make sure to visit one of our adoption centers for specially reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adults cats and $30 for kittens under 5 months. (Regular adoption fees are $45 for cats and $95 for kittens.)
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-enacted-at-the-cleveland-apl/, We will have adoptable cats and dogs at the Tolerance Fair at the Cleveland Convention Center today from 1 to 5 p.m.!

Admission to the event is free!

To learn more about the event, visit:
https://www.facebook.com/HonorGoodDeeds or http://www.honorgooddeeds.com/tolerance-fair/cleveland/, Collecting Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash is a great way to help the four-legged members of our community who have no voice—and get rid of your spare change in the process.

Sign up to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School today!
https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/, Looking for a feline friend to add to your family?  Visit one of our adoption centers for reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adults cats and $30 for kittens all weekend long! 
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-enacted-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Our next Offsite Adoption Event will take place this Sunday, March 9th from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Tolerance Fair!

The Tolerance Fair will be held at the Cleveland Convention Center and admission is free.  We will have adoptable cats and dogs at the event. 

To learn more about the event, visit:
https://www.facebook.com/HonorGoodDeeds or http://www.honorgooddeeds.com/tolerance-fair/cleveland/, Read Milo's story and see how this adorable guy's life has changed since arriving at the Cleveland APL. http://bit.ly/1g6u8Cu, Don't forget - participation in the Affordable Cat Act starts today, and runs through Sunday, March 9th.  Visit one of our adoption centers for specially reduced cat adoption fees of $10 for adults cats and $30 for kittens under 5 months!
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-enacted-at-the-cleveland-apl/, Ozzy (a feline resident of the administrative offices at the Cleveland APL) is helping one of our wonderful volunteers put together Doggy Dollar/Kitty Kash collection kits to mail out to Q Cash Captains, Kids and Schools! 

Sign up today to help the Cleveland APL by collecting Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash! http://bit.ly/1nciurI, Her name may be Tiny, but she has a HUGE amount of love and companionship to give! This beautiful 3 year old is waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the Parma PetSmart® store. 

Don't forget - the Affordable CAT Act is enacted today through Sunday! This means adult cat adoption fees are reduced to $10 and kittens to $30!, Anea's Happy Tale:

"Hi All - We adopted Anea from you three years ago this week. She has been nothing but a bundle of laughs since we brought her home!  She recently lost her sister, our shepherd mix, to cancer, but she is doing well with our love. She enjoys traveling to Pennsylvania to visit her cousins, going shopping and accompanying the kids to games and practices.   Thank you so much for helping us to bring more joy to our family!"

Christy F.
(Anea’s Mom), Meet Gracie and Buckeye, our Pets of the Week!  
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Collecting Doggy Dollars and Kitty Kash is a great way to help the four-legged members of our community who have no voice—and get rid of your spare change in the process. 

Sign up to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School today! 
https://clevelandapl.org/events/pledge-for-pets-radiothon/doggy-dollarskitty-kash-2014/, This pretty girl will bring a smile to your face every morning if you bring her home!  Meet Coffee, a 4-year-old kitty who came to the APL in November. Coffee does not get along with other cats, so she should be the only one in her household. Visit Coffee at our adoption center in Tremont!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, The Affordable Cat Act, also known as APLCat, will be enacted this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the Cleveland APL! This means reduced cat and kitten adoption fees all weekend long!, How big are the pot holes by the Cleveland APL?

Big enough to fit a Cleveland APL volunteer dog walker and a Cairn Terrier!

The pup who is pictured here is named Roselinen. She was found in the APL’s back parking lot in February. This adorable 2 year old is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! 
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-Cairn-Mix-22128308, Sign up now to become a Q Cash Captain, Kid or School and help the animals at the Cleveland APL! 
http://bit.ly/1nciurI, null, Breaking news: the Affordable Cat Act, also known as APLCat, will be enacted this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the Cleveland APL with the goal of increasing access to affordable, quality, feline companionship.
https://clevelandapl.org/adopt/the-affordable-cat-act-enacted-at-the-cleveland-apl/, This cutie's name is Benny! He is 3 years old and is waiting for a home at our adoption center in Tremont. Benny is litter box trained and is available for adoption for $25. Visit Benny today!, Hi, I'm Adams! I am a very sweet and gentle 5-year-old Retriever/Shepherd mix. I LOVE to play and am very mild-mannered. This is a picture of me with my favorite toy ever—squeak elf!

Visit me at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Retriever-Shepherd-22069423, Check out our latest issue of Pet Patter to read wonderful APL happy tales, information about upcoming APL events, and much more!, Meet Sheriff Woody, an adorable 5-year-old Pomeranian mix (and clearly a Toy Story fan) who came to the Cleveland APL through our Dog Transfer Program. Woody is a wonderful boy who is looking for a new family at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart store in Parma. http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Pomeranian-Mix-22127586, Want to help the animals at the Cleveland APL prior to our 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk?

Set up your very own fundraising page and invite family and friends to make a donation to support you and your 4-legged friend during the walk!, Learn about all of the fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL!, Alex stopped by the APL today with his family to drop off items he collected for our animals! Thank you for your generosity, Alex! :), Pooh Bear and Tigger are the winners of our BFF award! 
This purrfect pair came to the APL together and would LOVE to find their new home together as well! They are both 7 years old, and although they may seem timid at first, they just need some love and affection to help them come out of their shell! 

Visit Pooh Bear & Tigger at our adoption center in Tremont! 
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/adult-feline-adoptions/, It's not too early to get your tickets for Pucks and Paws! The Lake Erie Monsters invite all four-legged friends and their “people” to the 6th Annual Pucks & Paws event at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday, April 13, 2014.  The Monsters will be playing the Rochester Americans, and face-off is at 5 p.m.

The Cleveland APL has always been the beneficiary of the dog tickets, and again this year we will also receive a portion of the “human” tickets that are bought through this special offer!
Learn how to purchase your tickets - https://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Walter (The Tap Dancing Dog’s) Journey - 

Walter came to the Cleveland APL in deplorable condition. He was 6 months old and only weighed 6 pounds!  Unfortunately, this wasn’t Walter’s only challenge. He also appeared to have deformities in his front paws, making it difficult for him to walk. Our veterinary staff decided to splint his legs to see if this would aid in his walking, and boy did it ever - Walter was getting around much better and tap dancing around the whole shelter!  

Walter then needed more time to heal, so he was sent to the home of a wonderful APL Foster Care Volunteer to help get his legs strong enough for him to find his forever home.   

Walter has been in his foster home since November and we are proud to report that not only does he not need his splints any longer, but he is fully potty trained, loves children, loves other dogs, and is overall the happiest dog around! Also, he now weighs 14 pounds!

Today is Walter's big day! After a long journey, Walter is finally ready for adoption! If you are interested in adopting Walter, stop by our adoption center in Tremont and meet this wonderful guy!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Border-Collie-Mix-21320312, Taz is a sweet 11-year-old kitty who is waiting to find a family at our PetSmart Charities EAC! Visit this pretty girl today! Our EAC is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. and is located in the PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma!, It was wonderful to get a visit from Zach and his mom Michelle this afternoon!  Zach made rainbow loom bracelets and sold them  to raise money for the Cleveland APL! Thank you for your kindness, Zach! :), Meet Paris and Flo, our Pets of the Week! 
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Do you have dinner plans tonight? If not, make sure to stop by Chipotle at Kamm’s Corners on Lorain and West 168th today from 4:00 to 8:00 p.m. to participate in a fundraiser to support the Cleveland Animal Protective League.

Just bring in this flyer, show it on your smartphone to the cashier, or mention to the cashier and the Cleveland APL will receive 50% of the proceeds!, Today is #SpayDayUSA and kitten season is upon us already! So, now is the time to get the cats fixed before they have a litter of kittens. 

Did you know that a female cat can go into heat as early as 4 months old and cats in our area can have up to 3 litters a year?! Spaying and neutering keeps the cats healthier and in general, gives them a long life., A big part of the Cleveland APL’s Outreach program is our wonderful partnerships with local pet stores who help find great homes for our adoptable cats. Last week, the Westlake Pet Supplies Plus set up a gorgeous kitty condo for our cats to romp and play while waiting to meet their new families. Brother and sister Ricky and Ricki (shown) are currently available for adoption there and just love their (temporary) digs!, This adorable boy's name is Valentine. He is sure to give you love all year long, not just on Valentine's Day! He is a year old and came to the APL as a stray in January. Visit this loving kitty today at our adoption center in Tremont!, This adorable 10-year old beagle was brought to the APL as a stray when she was found wandering around at a bus stop. She was given the very appropriate name – Sleepy – because, you guessed it, she loved to sleep! She’s a great senior gal and is available for adoption at our adoption center in Tremont for a  reduced adoption fee of just $50!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Beagle-Mix-21966439, What's your pet's favorite hiding spot?, Please be on the lookout for a large, yellow lab mix who has been spotted running loose in the Tremont area. 

Please share and help spread the word! 

If you see the dog you are being asked to contact Chief John Baird at (216) 664-3187., Rollie looks like she's deep in thought in this adorable photo! She might be thinking about finding her future family! Visit this beautiful 7-year-old kitty at our adoption center in Tremont!, Do you have plans for the weekend? Why not bring home a new, furry friend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center and find your new best friend!, Want to help the animals at the Cleveland APL prior to our 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk?

Set up your very own fundraising page and invite family and friends to make a donation to support you and your 4-legged friend during the walk! , GREAT NEWS - we just performed our 700th adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!! What a fantastic way to celebrate our 6th month anniversary! :), It's Photo Caption Friday! 

Give us your best caption for this photo of Captain Doodles who is an APL alum!, Take a look at the commercial shoot that took place at Stautzenberger College Brecksville this morning with WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Joe Cronauer! 

The commercial is for the 3rd annual Fur-Get-Me-Not Telethon that will take place on WKYC, Channel 3, on Friday, March 21, from 5:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. All funds raised during the telethon will benefit the Cleveland APL!, Today is Love Your Pet Day!  How will you be spoiling your furry friend?, Did you see Molly's story that was aired on Fox 8 News with Mark Zinni on Monday? If not, make sure to check out her amazing story and see how she's doing in her new home!, Hi friends, we are trying to reach Claire for a very cool reason, but, unfortunately do not have a way to contact her. If anyone personally knows Claire, can you please have her or her family give us a call at 216-344-1353? Thank you!, Head over to Great Lakes Brewing Company for their “Defrost the Paws” fundraiser for the Cleveland APL today!

The fundraiser will be held from 4 p.m. to last call in the Beer Cellar. Two guest bartenders will be donating 100% of their tips to the APL; also welcoming monetary donations as well as accepting any items on the Cleveland APL’s donation wish list.

Great Lakes Brewing Company is located at 2516 Market Avenue in Cleveland., Floyd is an 11-year-old Jack Russell Terrier mix who is waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store. This cutie should be the only dog in the home and would do best with a family with older kids and adults. Could Floyd be your new best friend? Visit him today!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-Jack-Russell-Mix-21955231, Thank you to Claire for visiting our adoption center in Tremont today to bring donations for our animals.  Every year for the last 7 years, this generous and caring girl has asked for donations for the animals at the Cleveland APL instead of gifts for her birthday. Claire, you are an inspiration to us all! Thank you for your kindness and happy birthday!, We were thrilled to get a special visit from Molly and her mom today! As you may remember, Molly was brought to the APL by our Humane Investigations team after she was found frightened and emaciated, chained outside in her yard. 

Although Molly was fearful and terrified to even go outside when she first arrived, she is now doing great in her new, loving home with her mom and canine brother Jerry.

Make sure to tune into Fox 8 News, as Molly will be one of the featured dogs in Mark Zinni's special report that will run all week at 6 p.m. each evening., Vidalia is a beautiful 13-year-old kitty who has been at the Cleveland APL since August. She was surrendered to us due to a family member's allergies. Vidalia would do best as the only pet in the home. Visit this sweetheart at our adoption center in Tremont!, APL pooches strutted their stuff in Q104 - Cleveland's 4-Legged Fashion Show at the I-X Center today, wearing outfits from Pet-tique!, Check out our upcoming offsite adoption events, including today's dog and cat adoptions at Mentor Petco & dog adoptions at the Great Big Home & Garden Show 4-Legged Fashion Show at the IX Center!, Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma this weekend and get some tail!, Meet Bell, a sweet, little mouse who had been through quite a bit before his arrival at the Cleveland APL in September.

Bell was surrendered during a hoarding investigation in which his owner was keeping cats, dogs, gerbils, turtles, an alligator, a snake and poor little Bell, who was in the snake’s cage as snake food.  Fortunately for Bell, he was removed from the cage by one of our Humane Officers.  Bell is now safely resting at our adoption center in Tremont and is hoping to find his new family soon. 
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Small-Furry-20956809, Did you find love at the Cleveland APL? <3

Share a photo of you and your furry friend along with your love story and we will post them all to a Facebook photo album on Valentine's Day!

You can share by posting your photo and story onto our Facebook page or e-mailing it to contact@clevelandapl.org., Knight's Cleveland APL journey began when he came to us in August. After receiving life-changing surgery that restored vision in his left eye, he spent 4 months in the loving home of a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer. He was then ready to wait for his new family at our PetSmart Charities EAC. Today, Knight is finally going home!  He has found a wonderful family to call his very own!, Katrina is a sensational senior who was surrendered to the APL in January. She is 10 years old but still has lots of love to give! Visit Katrina at our adoption center in Tremont today! Remember - tomorrow through Sunday, adult cats will be available for adoption for just $14!, Have you met our Pets of the Week, Rodan and CC? 
https://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Did you find love at the Cleveland APL? We want to hear your love story! 

Share a photo of you and your furry friend along with your love story and we will post them all to a Facebook photo album on Valentine's Day! 

You can share by posting your photo and story onto our Facebook page or e-mailing it to contact@clevelandapl.org. We can't wait to read your love story! <3, Are you tired of seeing nothing but hearts, flowers, and candy leading up to Valentine’s Day?  If so, the Cleveland APL is having some fun and livening up Cupid’s message by announcing that we are here to help you “get some tail!” But, to be clear, the tail we’re promoting comes complete with a loving, purring feline companion who will give you a lifetime of unconditional love.
https://clevelandapl.org/get-some-tail-at-the-cleveland-apl/, The Cleveland APL's Kennel Enrichment Program is meant to provide the dogs in our shelter with mental stimulation in their kennels.  We use things such as pumpkin, oats, and applesauce to create special frozen treats or to stuff Kongs for the dogs.  

In addition to these edible enrichment items, we play music and spray scents to stimulate the dogs’ senses of hearing and smell.  Mental enrichment is just as important as physical exercise to our dogs’ well-being, and we are in continual need of grocery items to keep our pantry stocked.  

Check out our Amazon Wish List and find items that we are in need of. Thank you for your support!, Hi, my name is Dink and I am a beautiful 2-year-old kitty who was brought to the Cleveland APL as a stray. I get along with other cats and dogs, too! Meet me at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont!, Tune in to "Let's Ask America" tonight at 7:30 p.m. on WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton to watch NewsChannel 5 Meteorologist Jason Nicholas play to raise money for the Cleveland APL, his charity of choice!, Cleveland APL's project STAR (Shelter Training for Adoption & Rehoming) held a continuing education session this morning! Dog-Walking and Dog Adoptions Specialist volunteers worked with Evo, Raylan, Wyndham, and CC to learn advanced techniques to use when working with the dogs.

Here are just A FEW of the many accomplishments that project STAR has achieved since its inception in August 2013:

- has held training and continuing education for staff. 
- has chosen and trained a team of Dog Training Specialist volunteers.
- has held daily dog playgroups.
- worked with project CARE to educate dog owners in the target area.
- spent two days each week training dogs at the EAC.
- has grown the kennel enrichment program.
- held weekly group training classes with Dog Training Specialist volunteers and the shelter dogs.
- created online behavior resources for adopters (https://clevelandapl.org/programs-services-resources/behavior-help/).
-  average 40 STAR dogs-in-training per month., Remember Knight, the 3-year-old Maltese/Terrier mix, who, thanks to donations from caring people in the community who believed he deserved a second chance, was able to get his sight in his left eye back?  Well, after receiving the life-changing surgery that greatly improved his overall quality of life, Knight spent 4 months in a loving home of a Cleveland APL Foster Care Volunteer.  He is back with us now, and will be looking for his happy ending at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart store in Parma today!

Knight has been through a lot in his 3 years of life and is ready to find a loving family to spend the rest of his life with!, Lots of furry friends are waiting for homes at our adoption center in Tremont and at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart® store! Visit them today!, Have you set up your online fundraising page to support the Cleveland APL? Do so by clicking here - https://www.firstgiving.com/ClevelandAPL/doggone-easter-egg-hunt-indoor-dog-walk

Invite family and friends to make a donation to support you and your 4-legged friend during the 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk on Saturday, March 29!, Stop by SouthPark Mall tomorrow from 2 to 5 p.m. to visit our dogs and cats who are waiting to meet their future families! Moochie & Co. will be providing outfits for the dogs and there will be a fashion show to showcase the adoptable animals at 3 p.m.!, Make sure to tune in to "Let's Ask America" on Monday, February 10th, at 7:30 p.m. on WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton to watch NewsChannel 5 Meteorologist Jason Nicholas play to raise money for the Cleveland APL, his charity of choice!

Jason explains why he chose to play for the Cleveland APL:
"For years I've played match-maker with animals from the shelter and families looking to adopt.  When it works out, it's the ultimate win-win. The Cleveland APL makes Cleveland a better place to live.", Good morning and happy Friday!, Hi everybody, my name is Junior and I am 1 year old! I'm waiting for my new family to find me at the PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma! I get along great with other kitties and children. Please visit me and help me find the purrfect home!, PetSmart Charities National Adoption Weekend will be held Friday, February 14th through Sunday, February 16th! Visit our Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma to meet your new best friend! 

PetSmart Charities will generously donate $35 to the Cleveland APL for each pet adopted during the weekend!! 

EAC Hours: Friday & Saturday, 10 a.m. - 8 p.m., Sunday 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.

http://www.petsmartcharities.org/events/february-national-adoption-weekend, Have you set up your online fundraising page to support the Cleveland APL? Do so by clicking here -  https://www.firstgiving.com/ClevelandAPL/doggone-easter-egg-hunt-indoor-dog-walk

Invite family and friends to make a donation to support you and your 4-legged friend during the 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk on Saturday, March 29!, These sensational seniors are sure to brighten up this snowy day! Meet Hap and Biddy, our Pets of the Week! http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Fill in the blank:

Even on a bad day, my pet can bring a smile to my face by ____________., Lola is a beautiful 1-year-old Hound/Pointer mix who is waiting for her future family to meet her at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart store in Parma! Lola came to us in early January through our Dog Transfer Program.
Visit Lola today! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Hound-Pointer-21818781, Who needs personal space anyway!, The Cleveland APL has been serving the animals and people of Cleveland and Cuyahoga County since 1913. During the year to come, more animals in need will come to the Cleveland APL—animals like Tempura and Agnes.

Read their stories and find out how you can join us in making a difference in the lives of homeless animals like Tempura and Agnes -  http://e2.ma/message/sw8s1/opkefb, Frankie is an adorable 7-year-old who was surrendered to us as a stray. Frankie would do best as the only cat in the home. Visit this beautiful kitty at our adoption center in Tremont! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-14321293, Did you download our FREE mobile app to your iPhone or iPad yet?! It's now available in the app store! Easily view all of our animals that are currently available for adoption with the touch of your finger!, Want to help the animals at the Cleveland APL prior to our 2nd Annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt Indoor Dog Walk? 

Set up your very own fundraising page and invite family and friends to make a donation to support you and your 4-legged friend during the walk! , If you are interested in becoming a Cleveland APL Volunteer, make sure to attend tomorrow's Volunteer Orientation at 10:30 a.m. at our adoption center in Tremont! We would love to have you as a part of our amazing team of volunteers! http://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/, This pup is Archie! He would love to find a family to watch the Super Bowl, but more importantly, the Puppy Bowl with this Sunday! Meet Archie at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma!

What are you more excited to watch - the Super Bowl or Puppy Bowl?!, Are you looking for a cuddly companion? This adorable kitty named Cuddles might be the one for you! Cuddles is a sweet 7-year-old who gets along well with other cats and children. Meet Cuddles at our adoption center in Tremont! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-21789086, Two years of love and happiness for Lola, the Chihuahua and her family!

Here is Lola's "Happy Tale":

"Our family just wanted to give a quick update on Lola! We adopted Lola, a Chihuahua, from the Cleveland APL 2 years ago this month and she has brought our family nothing but love and happiness. She was found under a car and was in pretty bad shape when you found her. Now, she likes to snuggle underneath the covers, go on walks, wear pretty pink dresses, and give lots of big, sloppy kisses. Our family has come to agreement that she is the best dog we have ever had. Thank you so much for allowing us to bring her into our lives!"  - The Nunemaker Family, Support the Cleveland APL while you shop!

Simply visit smile.amazon.com and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League" and start shopping! When you shop at AmazonSmile, you’ll find the same shopping experience as Amazon, with the wonderful bonus that the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of your purchase price to the APL!

You can also purchase much needed items for the APL by visiting our Amazon Wish List. Go to http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV to start shopping! Thank you for your support!, Evo, one of our Pets of the Week, is a spry 1-year-old Hound/Doberman mix who came to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program. Evo has lots of energy and a ton of love to give! She loves toys and is often found sitting at the front of her kennel with a toy in her mouth, waiting to go home.  Visit Evo at our adoption center in Tremont! http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Has your cat discovered that you understand his language?, Are you planning to attend Q104 - Cleveland's 2nd annual Dog Gone Easter Egg Hunt indoor dog walk this year? Well, we have great news! This year you can help the APL even MORE by setting up your very own fundraising page before the walk! Just click on this link to get started -->  https://www.firstgiving.com/ClevelandAPL/doggone-easter-egg-hunt-indoor-dog-walk!  

After your online fundraising page is ready to go, you can invite family and friends to make a donation to support you and your 4-legged friend during the walk that will be held at SouthPark Mall on Saturday, March 29 from 7:30 to 9:30 a.m. 

All donations that are made upon entry will benefit the Cleveland APL! http://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, This pretty pooch is Ramada. She is featured as one of our Pets of the Week! If you are looking for the most cuddly Bulldog mix in the entire world, then Ramada is the dog for you. This adorable 3-year-old loves everyone and just wants hugs and belly rubs!  
Learn more about Ramada 
http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Don't forget - our Volunteer Orientation that was originally scheduled for last Saturday has been rescheduled to THIS Saturday, February 1. 

Orientation will be held at our adoption center in Tremont and will begin at 10:30 a.m. We hope to see you there!, Hi, my name is Marvin. I am a handsome 5-year-old who has been at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont since December. I was brought in by a kind person who found me on their porch. I am glad to be inside and warm, but now I am ready to find a family!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-21722989, Fill in the blank:

During these cold, winter days, my pet's favorite thing to do indoors is ______________., You wouldn't know it by this picture, but Beemo sure has been through a lot. This adorable 3-year-old Chihuahua was let loose in our back parking lot a couple of days before Christmas.  Thankfully, our staff was able to chase down and catch the little guy. He was overwhelmed and fearful when he first arrived.

Beemo slowly began to warm up to us, and was able to be examined by our veterinarian. Aside from being extremely overweight, the little dog also had bilateral luxating patellas and dental disease. When taken outside, he could walk only a few feet before needing to be carried. A couple of weeks ago, he underwent surgery to repair his left knee. After surgery, Beemo began to exercise daily, going for short walks down the hallway and outside. Not only did he quickly regain use of his knee, but he lost over two pounds! Once the knee was healed, he went back to the clinic to have his dental surgery.

Thanks to the weightloss and surgery on his knee, Beemo is now running and playing, and he will continue to get better over time. This adorable guy is available for adoption and waiting for a loving home at our adoption center in Tremont! 
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Chihuahua-Short-Coat-Mix-21731123, Today is the last day to place your bid!

Seven doghouses built by students of Lorain County Joint Vocational School are up for auction at the NARI Home Improvement Show, January 23-26th with the proceeds benefiting the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Place your bid on eBay now! Bidding ends today at 5 p.m.! http://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Don't forget to place your bid! 

Seven doghouses built by students of Lorain County Joint Vocational School are up for auction at the NARI Home Improvement Show, January 23-26th with the proceeds benefiting the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Place your bid on eBay now!  http://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Reminder: Due to inclement weather, today’s volunteer orientation has been rescheduled for next Saturday, February 1. 
Next Saturday’s volunteer orientation will begin at 10:30 a.m. at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont.

http://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/about-volunteering-at-the-apl/, ATTENTION:
Due to the inclement weather that is being predicted, the Cleveland Animal Protective League’s volunteer orientation, which was scheduled to take place Saturday, January 25, has been rescheduled for next Saturday, February 1. Next Saturday’s volunteer orientation will begin at 10:30 a.m. at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont. 
http://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/about-volunteering-at-the-apl/, We were so excited yesterday when one of our dog-alumni came back to visit us! 

Duke is a deaf schnauzer who was adopted nearly two years ago by Casey, an amazing adopter who positively beams with joy when she speaks about him. Casey adopted Duke when he was 11 years old and can't say enough about how great it is to adopt a senior dog! They truly are a match made in heaven, so we just want to send a big thank you to Casey for giving Duke such a loving home and for bringing him back for a visit!, We're sad to share that the vacant Fairmont Creamery, which is under renovation and located across the road from the APL, caught on fire this morning. 

Our animals and people are safe. The fire seems to be contained but there's still lots of smoke. Fire crews are still working and have Willey Avenue and our front parking lot blocked off.  We ask that adopters and other visitors not arrive before noon., Although we're disappointed that the stray kitten reportedly hired as the Cleveland Browns' new head coach only lasted a day, we're very optimistic that Mike Pettine will do a GREAT job. For heaven's sake, how can he not? His name starts with "Pet!"  GO BROWNS!, Place your bid today! 

Seven doghouses built by students of Lorain County Joint Vocational School are up for auction at the NARI Home Improvement Show, January 23-26th with the proceeds benefiting the Cleveland Animal Protective League! Place your bid on eBay now!

http://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, Want to hear a heart-warming adoption story that is sure to bring a smile to you face on this cold, wintery day?

Here is Murphy Brown's "Happy Tale":

"As I approach the two year anniversary of adopting Murphy Brown from the APL, it's nearly unimaginable to picture life without her.

I can remember the first time I went into a room to meet her, she looked up at me with those big brown eyes and I was hooked. 

Together we've both grown into adults who still will never pass up the chance for some play time or to chase a squirrel (more so Murphy than me). Sometimes it seems more fitting to call these pups rescuers rather than rescues, because I'm not sure what I'd do without her."
- Sam Giacomantonio, Jimmy is a sweet seven-year-old Chinese Shar-Pei mix who is waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma. 

Jimmy loves children, other dogs, and is potty trained! He is featured as one of our Pets of the Week! Check it out - http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, So THAT'S where all of the cat's toys went!, Meet Homer, a purrfect 8-year-old kitty who was brought to the APL back in September as a stray. Homer does well with other cats and would love to find a loving family of his very own! Visit Homer at our adoption center in Tremont! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-20908750, Please help! Project CARE is in need of the following supplies: 
cat carriers, dry and canned cat food, metal dog crates, dry and canned dog food, dog beds, blankets, straw for cat shelters.
 
In-kind donations may be dropped off during regular shelter hours.  Please be sure to mark the donations for project CARE.  In-kind donation forms may be obtained at the front desk at the time of the donation if you should like this for tax purposes.  
 
Thank you on behalf of the animals in our community that will benefit from project CARE!, We were thrilled that APL alumni, Kenny G. (previously Kifli) stopped by for a visit with his mom this morning! This handsome 10-year-old spent 3 months at our adoption center in Tremont before finding his happily ever after!, Hi, my name is Wiggles! I am an adorable and fun-loving 2-year-old Terrier, Cairn/Mix and I am waiting for my future family to come adopt me at the Cleveland APL's adoption center in Tremont! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-Cairn-Mix-21814458, Fill in the blank:

My pet's favorite place in the house is _________________., Bomboniere is a beautiful 2-year-old kitty who would love to find a wonderful home! Visit this sweet girl at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-21674087, Are you interested in joining our fantastic team of volunteers? If so, then mark your calendar for our next Volunteer Orientation! It is scheduled for Saturday, January 25th at 10:30 a.m. at our adoption center in Tremont., Do you have plans for the weekend? Why not bring home a new, furry friend! Visit our adoption center in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center and find your new best friend!, If you’re interested in volunteering for the Cleveland APL but can’t always make it to our adoption center in Tremont, we have an urgent need for Cat Care and Cat Transport Volunteers all over the Greater Cleveland area! 

This is a great opportunity for cat-loving commuters who can transport our adoptable kitties to our retail partners’ stores and those who have time throughout the week to stop by those stores and give our cats some TLC until they find their purrrrfect families. 

Current suburbs in need of volunteers include: 
Middleburg Heights, South Euclid, Westlake, Willoughby, Fairview Park, Beachwood

Join us at next Volunteer Orientation on Saturday, January 25th at the APL at 10:30 a.m. for more information! http://clevelandapl.org/volunteer/, Meet Pinwheel and Elsa, our Pets of the Week! http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, That's one happy dog!, Meet Kiki, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, Hi, I’m Damper! I’m a 3 1/2-year-old Puggle and quite the ladies’ man—I’m a bit nervous around men, but I loooove the ladies. 

I’m super sweet, and I’m a big-time snuggler! I would do best in a household with no other animals (since I get overexcited around them). I still need some work on potty-training, and the adoptions staff at the APL is working on getting me comfortable around men, so I’d do best with an experienced dog-owner who can work further with me on these things. 

So, if you’re an adopter who is patient, loving, and willing to work with me to build my trust, I promise to reward you with tons of love!  http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Pug-Mix-19825307, Hi, I’m Alec Baldwin!  Just like my namesake, I’m a very dapper gentleman who is guaranteed to make you laugh with my antics. 

I came to the APL when a Good Samaritan realized I was a front declawed cat living outside and rescued me. I wasn't a very happy kitty when I first got here, but now that I’ve settled in, I’ve turned into a really great fellow—I love hanging out with the wonderful staff and volunteers at the APL.  I just can’t go home with small children because I’m a play-biter. 

Does your household sound like a good match? Then spend some time with me and consider taking me home!, We have officially reached 20,000 "likes"! Congratulations to Katie Marie, our 20,000th fan!! Katie, now you get the opportunity to pick a name for this adorable boy! What will his name be?, We are just 11 "likes" away from 20,000! Be the 20,000th "like" and pick a name (with our discretion) for the next animal that comes through our doors!, On behalf of himself and some of the other dogs here at the Cleveland APL, Jack Frost would like to extend a huge THANK YOU to our friends over at The Mutt Hutt's grooming salon for helping them to look and feel their absolute best!, We are 100 "likes" away from 20,000!!! Remember, the 20,000th "like" will get the opportunity to pick a name (with our discretion) for the next animal that comes through our doors!, We are SO close to reaching 20,000 "likes" on our Facebook page! In celebration, our 20,000th fan will get the opportunity to pick a name (with our discretion) for the next animal that comes through our doors!

Please help us get the word out and reach this amazing Facebook milestone!, This pretty girl's name is Mary. She is 5 years old and came to the APL from another shelter. Visit Mary at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart store in Parma!, Princess is a beautiful 5-year-old tabby who is waiting for a loving home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart store in Parma. Princess was a stray who came to us in December. Visit Princess today! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-21660017, Thank you to Sydney for bringing in donations for our animals on Saturday in celebration of her 10th birthday! We appreciate your kindness and support, Sydney. Happy birthday! :), Are you interested in joining our fantastic team of volunteers? If so, then mark your calendar for our next Volunteer Orientation! It is scheduled for Saturday, January 25th at 10:30 a.m. at our adoption center in Tremont., Have you downloaded our FREE mobile app to your iPhone or iPad yet?! It's available in the app store! Easily view all of our animals that are currently available for adoption with the touch of your finger!, Have you picked up this week's issue of InTouch Weekly? If so, you'll see our very own alumni, Noland and Lurlene! 

Kudos to Jessie Jarjabka, Animal Wellness & Transfer Coordinator at the CAPL for taking these beautiful photos!, Stop by our adoption center in Tremont OR our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart store in Parma and adopt an adorable kitty for only $11 today! We have lots of FANTASTIC FELINES who would love to go home! http://clevelandapl.org/11-cats-now-through-friday/, We have lots of wonderful cats waiting for homes at our adoption center in Tremont AND our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart store in Parma available for adoption for only $11 TODAY ONLY!!

Now is the time! Adopt a feline friend and HELP US open up more cages for cats who Good Samaritans are bringing in from the cold!, UPDATE: The heat has been restored and animals are back at our Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart store in Parma waiting for homes!

These animals have been through a great deal with the heat outage and being transported out and back again. PLEASE HELP THEM GO HOME BEFORE THE WEEKEND! Cat adoption fees are reduced to just $11 today and tomorrow at our EAC and our adoption center located at 1729 Willey Avenue in Tremont.

Please let all of your friends know!!!!, What a wonderful video that was shared by the family who adopted ShooFly, now named Stanley! Play the video and see how loved this adorable pooch is after finding his happily ever after at the Cleveland APL!, In case you have not heard yet, due to the "deep freeze of 2014," the heat went out in our Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store in Parma. All of our animals are safe and warm at our adoption center in Tremont.
 
BUT, WE STILL NEED YOUR HELP!!!
 
We need to get as many cats adopted into their warm and permanent homes as quickly as possible, so, we’re reducing our adoption fee for all cats at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont to $11 now through this Friday in recognition of the negative digit, record-setting low on Monday! LET YOUR FRIENDS KNOW!!!, Check out this cleveland.com article that gives helpful tips on keeping pets safe during these bitterly cold temperatures!, If you are interested in adopting a feline friend, please visit our adoption center in Tremont!! We need to get as many cats adopted into their warm, permanent homes as quickly as possible. Please SHARE!!!, UPDATE: Our Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart store in Parma will remain closed today due to the heat outage. All of the animals are safe and warm at our adoption center in Tremont and are waiting for homes!

We will keep you updated as to when the EAC will be open. In the meantime, the adoption fee for all cats at our adoption center in Tremont is reduced to $11 now through this Friday in recognition of the negative digit, record-setting low on Monday!

Please let your all of your friends know!, Warm up with a feline friend this winter! Visit our adoption center in Tremont and adopt a cat for only $11 now through this Friday! Help us spread the word - we have lots of cats waiting for loving homes! http://clevelandapl.org/11-cats-now-through-friday/, Meet Dori and Kili, our Pets of the Week! These two pooches are both waiting for loving homes at our adoption center in Tremont! 
Learn more at http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Adoption fees for all cats at the Cleveland APL’s adoption center in Tremont are reduced to $11 in recognition of the negative digit, record-setting low on Monday … and we will honor this fee through 6:30pm on Friday, January 10th.

http://clevelandapl.org/11-cats-now-through-friday/, UPDATE: The cat adoption area in our Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart store in Parma is getting cold now, too. While the PetSmart team has been phenomenal and is actively working on getting the heat fixed, since we don't know how long that will take, we're moving the 18 cats and 2 bunnies somewhere warmer. As cats don't enjoy "field trips," the foster solution that worked so well for our dogs won't work as well for them, so they're coming back to the Cleveland APL. BUT, WE STILL NEED YOUR HELP!!! 

We need to get as many cats adopted into their warm and permanent homes as quickly as possible. Between the EAC cats and others who Good Samaritans are bringing in from the cold, we need to open up cage space. 

We know we're asking a lot, so we're reducing our adoption fee for all cats at the Cleveland APL's adoption center at 1729 Willey Ave in Tremont to $11 ... in recognition of the negative digit, record-setting low on Monday ... and will honor this fee through 6:30pm on Friday, January 10th.

Please let your all of your friends know!, Currently, the heat is still out in the dog kennels at our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store. It is in the process of getting fixed and the dogs are still in the warm homes of our wonderful Foster Care Volunteers!

Cats and rabbits are still in warm temperatures and waiting for homes at the EAC in the Parma PetSmart store! Apples is one of the wonderful cats who is waiting for a home at our EAC., Tonight, the heat went out in the dog kennels at our Everyday Adoption Center in the Parma PetSmart store. With temps at -10, we put out an emergency plea to our foster volunteers to come to the store and pick-up one of the 20-ish dogs to foster until the heat is restored ... hopefully by tomorrow. Our plan was to transport any dogs not spoken for back to the APL. We'll, we're absolutely overwhelmed to report that we have the best foster volunteers in the whole wide world ... and ya know, our staff is pretty darned awesome, too! Every single dog is in warm home for the night. So, if you're about to brave the elements to pick-up a dog, we THANK YOU ... but everything is covered ... please stay home. After spending all day protecting animals from people who don't seem to care, there's nothing quite as meaningful as being reminded about how many people care so very deeply.  Thank you ..., We had a wonderful visit this afternoon from John O'Hurley and our friends from PlayhouseSquare, where John will be performing in CHICAGO this week! 

During his visit, John shared his new book "The Perfect Dog" with Marco, an adorable 1-year-old Boxer who is waiting for a loving home at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!, Do you care for outdoor feral cats? 

Here are some recommendations for keeping these felines warm and safe in these very cold temperatures:

First, make sure they have a dry, warm place to go. This can be as simple as a container with a hole cut in the side filled with straw (pictured) to a complex wooden structure with doors and mats that reflect body heat. 

The most important part is that straw is used as an insulator, not blankets. Blankets freeze when they get wet whereas the straw stays dry and cats can burrow into it. 

Finally, in these cold temperatures, we recommend feeding canned food because of the high water content. Also having a heated water dish is an excellent idea if possible. 
- Sara Dillenkofer, Animal Welfare Clinic Coordinator

Here are some great resources from Alley Cat Allies and Neighborhood Cats:

http://www.alleycat.org/winterweather
http://www.neighborhoodcats.org/HOW_TO_FERAL_CAT_WINTER_SHELTER, Please make sure your pets are safe during this extremely cold weather. Read the ASPCA's cold weather tips and share them with other pet owners to keep all of our furry friends safe and warm!, While we believe every companion animal should live inside as members of the family every day, we know many don't. Owners of outside animals need to understand that today's rain followed by tonight's sudden drop in temperature to sub-zero levels is creating a worst case scenario for their animals. When temperatures drop this low, the risk of hypothermia and frostbite is already very high, but wet animals are at critical risk. PLEASE tell anyone you know with outdoor pets to BRING THEM IN to a dry and sheltered area., Are you looking for a way to spend this cold, winter day?

Visit the Cleveland APL's adoption center and shelter in Tremont or our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma and meet all of the wonderful animals who are waiting for homes!, Don't forget to visit Beck Center for the Arts through January 5th for the holiday production of Annie and participate in their "Annie Saved a Stray" campaign. 

During the campaign, the Beck Center will be collecting much-needed items for the Cleveland APL. Items can be dropped off at the designated area in Beck Center's lobby. Thank you for your support!

Learn more: http://www.beckcenter.org/2013/12/05/apl-donation-drive/, Since it's a new year, why not purchase a new calendar??
Buy our 2014 Cleveland APL calendar for just $10! The adorable calendar features our area’s much-loved pets!
http://clevelandapl.org/2014-cleveland-apl-calendar/, Meet Evo, a beautiful 1 and a half year old Hound/Doberman Pinscher mix who is waiting for a home at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!

Evo is a playful pooch who would love an active family with children over the age of 12. Could Evo be your new best friend?, View all of the animals that found homes in December by clicking on the "View December's Adoptions!" link on the right side of our "Adopt" page! Over 500 animals were adopted from the Cleveland APL in December!, We are happy to report that Apollo XIII, one of our Pets of the Week has been adopted! Poof, however, is still waiting for her future family at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma. http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-21570864, Hi, my name is Sundance. I am a very handsome 6-year-old who has been at the Cleveland APL's adoption center and shelter in Tremont since August. I would really love to find a home soon! Learn more about me at http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-20673266, Looking for a way to have fun while helping the APL? Check out our "Fun Ways to Support the Cleveland APL" page on our website!, Happy New Year from the Cleveland Animal Protective League!, What is your favorite memory of your pet from 2013?, Help us make more happy endings like Snowball's in 2014 by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=509658.

Snowball's story:

Snowball was brought to the Cleveland APL by his aging owner who could no longer care for this ten-year-old pooch. Upon arrival at the Cleveland APL, Snowball was shy and fearful. It was also determined that he had several medical issues with both of his eyes. Unfortunately, his left eye couldn’t be salvaged and had
to be removed. 

Snowball spent several weeks at the Cleveland APL waiting for his next home. During this time he slowly started to come out of his shell. That special day came when Snowball “picked” his adopter and won her love immediately. He now shares his life with his new mom and younger furry sibling., Happy New Year's Eve! Please note our change in hours today and tomorrow:

Adoption center and shelter in Tremont -  New Year’s Eve, open 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. We will be closed on New Year’s Day. 

PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) in the PetSmart® store in Parma – New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day, open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., This handsome guy is Scout, a 10 and a half year old who would love to go home for the new year! This fantastic feline will cuddle up with you on cold, winter days! Visit Scout at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! Our EAC is open today & tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., Help us make more happy endings like Jeannie's in 2014 by visiting https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=509658.

Jeannie's story:

Jeannie, a seven-month-old cat, was brought to the APL by a Good Samaritan who found her covered in scabs and fleas on a patio. Upon arrival at the APL, she was immediately treated for her skin condition, but she also was desperately in need of socialization. So Jeannie, who was cute as a button, took up residence in the APL Adoption Office where staff members worked to gain her trust every day. During this process we discovered that Jeannie loved small dogs. Happily, after three weeks of socialization, Jeannie was adopted by a family that also includes a small dog!, Since the New Year is right around the corner, we want to know:

If your furry friend made a resolution for 2014 what would it be?, We were able to make many happy endings for deserving homeless animals in 2013. One of the thousands of animals we were able to assist this year was Tempura.

Tempura came to us through our Dog Transfer Program in July. The sweet 12-year-old was in horrible shape when she arrived. She was covered in mats, extremely underweight, and after blood tests were returned, it was also revealed that Tempura had heartworm.

She spent the next three months in the home of a wonderful foster family while our veterinary staff oversaw treatment of all her ills. Once Tempura was healthy again, she came back to our shelter to wait for her future family to take her home—and it only took three days! And now, Tempura has the love and happily ever after she so deserved! 

Please make a gift to help the thousands of animals who will come to us in 2014. https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=509658, Nori is a beautiful 4-year-old Hound/Mix  who is waiting for her forever home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma. Stop by and visit this sweet pooch today!, Help us reach our goal of 25 cage sponsorships by the end of the year! We are a little more than halfway to our goal! Become  a cage sponsor and bring hope and comfort to our animals while they wait for their future family. 
http://clevelandapl.org/donate/sponsor-a-cage/, Remember Knight, the three-year-old Maltese/Terrier mix who came to the Cleveland APL in need of surgery to fix his cataracts and allow him to see? Well, thanks to your support and the kindness of a veterinary ophthalmologist, his vision in his left eye was restored, greatly improving his overall quality of life! 

Read more about how Knight is doing and how you can support the Cleveland APL in 2014 - http://e2.ma/message/80igz/opkefb, We are thrilled to announce that we had our 500th adoption yesterday at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store in Parma (on our 4 month anniversary)! 

Check out the adorable photo of our 500th adoption, Opal with her new family!, Have you downloaded our FREE mobile app to your iPhone or iPad yet?! It's available in the app store! Easily view all of our animals that are currently available for adoption with the touch of your finger!, Gracie is an adorable 9-year-old Terrier mix who is waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store in Parma. Gracie does great with other dogs and children and is sweet as can be! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-Mix-21644834, We wish you a furry Christmas!, Meet Gracie and Pinnacle, our Pets of the Week!  http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, On the 12th FURRY day of Christmas, the Cleveland APL has...

$30 cats & kittens at our adoption center & shelter in Tremont!

http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tomorrow is the last FURRY day of Christmas. Adopt a new companion before Christmas!

All cats & kittens will be available for adoption for just $30 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont. We will be open from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m., Happy Holidays! Below are our adjusted hours for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day:

Adoption center and shelter in Tremont - Christmas Eve, open 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. We will be closed on Christmas Day. 

PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) in the PetSmart® store in Parma – Christmas Eve, open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. We will be closed on Christmas Day., Does your kitty do this? :), On the 11th FURRY day of Christmas, the Cleveland APL has...

$11 Microchips at our adoption center & shelter in Tremont!

http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, On the 10th FURRY day of Christmas, the Cleveland APL has...

Adult dogs available for adoption for $85 and adult cats available for $10 if you donate a cat/dog toy(s) at our adoption center & shelter in Tremont!

http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, On the 9th FURRY day of Christmas, the Cleveland APL has...

Adult dogs available for adoption for $90 and adult cats available for $9 if you donates a can(s) of pumpkin at our adoption center & shelter in Tremont!
http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tomorrow is the 9th FURRY day of Christmas! 

Bring in a can of pumpkin for our dogs for enrichment and adopt an adult dog for $90 or an adult cat for $9 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!, Alexander, one of our youngest supporters, wants to remind you to watch for the December issue of our Pet Patter newsletter in the mail!, We were thrilled to receive our $25,000 check this morning from Petco Foundation's Holiday Wishes Grant Campaign and The Ellen DeGeneres Show! On behalf of the animals, thank you for this wonderful gift!, On the 8th FURRY day of Christmas, the Cleveland APL has...

Kittens available for adoption for a reduced adoption fee of $30 at our adoption center & shelter in Tremont! 
http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, We're more than halfway through the furry days of Christmas. Visit our adoption center and shelter in Tremont tomorrow and adopt a "crazy kitty" for a reduced adoption fee of $30! 

View all of our adorable kittens who are waiting for homes for the holidays at http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/young-feline-adoptions/, In case you missed it yesterday...  We Wish You a FURRY Christmas! 

Love, 
The animals at the Cleveland APL's adoption center and shelter in Tremont, as well as our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma, On the 7th furry day of Christmas, the APL has...

Black cats available for adoption for just $8 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tomorrow is the 7th FURRY day of Christmas! Visit our adoption center and shelter in Tremont and adopt a "charcoal cat" for an $8 adoption fee! Learn more at: http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, We wish you a FURRY Christmas! 

Visit the Cleveland APL's adoption center and shelter in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in the PetSmart® store in Parma and adopt a furry friend! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ovFKeOvMB4&feature=share&list=UUUsxgCvE0k_X4vrLhAcERQg, The Cleveland APL was honored to be awarded a $25,000 grant from the Petco Foundation's Holiday Wishes Grant Campaign! More than 4,500 incredible stories were submitted, and we are thrilled to have been chosen as one of the top 8! Our story was of Noland, the one-day-old pit bull puppy, and Lurlene, the mommy cat who took Noland in and helped raise him with her kittens.

View all of the amazing stories from the runner-up winners of the Petco Foundation's Holiday Wishes Grant Campaign at http://www.petco.com/petco_Page_PC_foundationholiday.aspx, On the 6th FURRY day of Christmas, all small mammals are available for adoption for $6 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!

Visit the APL and bring home a furry friend today! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tomorrow is the 6th FURRY day of Christmas! Come to our adoption center and shelter in Tremont and adopt a "cute critter" for a $6 adoption fee! Learn more at: http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Today, on the 5th FURRY day of Christmas, all of our "Sensational Senior" dogs (over the age of 6) are available for adoption for a reduced fee of $50 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!
http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/

Give a sweet pooch a home for the holidays! View all of our dogs who are waiting for homes at http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/!, Tomorrow is the 5th FURRY day of Christmas, which means that all of our "Sensational Senior" dogs (over the age of 6) will be available for adoption for $50 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!

View all of our wonderful pooches who are waiting for homes for the holidays! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Hey There Delilah wants to remind you that tomorrow is the 5th FURRY day of Christmas, which means that senior dogs (over the age of 6) will be available for adoption for $50 at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont!

Delilah is a sweet 7 year old Retriever/Bulldog mix who sure hopes she finds a great family soon!
http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, In honor of today being the 4th furry day of Christmas, we wanted to share this adorable kitty with you!

Remember, adult cats are available for an adoption fee of $10 today only at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Today is the fourth FURRY day of Christmas! Visit the Cleveland APL's shelter and adoption center in Tremont and adopt a feline friend for a $10 adoption fee! That's right, all adult cats (5 months and older) can be adopted today for just $10! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Today is the third FURRY day of Christmas! Come to the APL and adopt a smiling senior cat (over the age of 6) for $8! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, It's day three of the Cleveland APL's "Furry Days of Christmas"! Today only, all senior cats (over the age of 6) can be adopted for only $8.

Did you know senior animals tend to wait the longest in the shelter waiting to find their forever homes? Check out Hap, Biddy, Sundance, and Sheba; all together, these four have been waiting at the shelter for 608 days!

What is the best gift you can give to a senior shelter pet during the holidays? A home and family of their very own!

Stop by the APL to meet one of our smiling senior cats today!, Are you looking for the purrfect feline friend? Well, we have great news! Tomorrow is the third FURRY day of Christmas, which means our smiling senior cats (over the age of 6) will be available for an adoption fee of $8!, Meet Franklin and Benson, this adorable pair is looking for their furever home for the holidays.  They are available for adoption for $20 today only!, Today is the second FURRY day of Christmas! We have bonded buddies (cats) available for adoption for $20 today only! Visit the Cleveland APL and adopt a wonderful pair of pals!
http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tomorrow is the second FURRY day of Christmas! Two bonded buddies (cats) can be adopted for just $20! Make sure to visit our adoption center and shelter in Tremont and give a loving, bonded pair a home for the holidays!, Lots of happily ever afters were created this week at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont, as well as our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! 

Check out all of these wonderful moments with adopters and their new furry friends! https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152059639012929.1073741841.29396512928&type=1&l=75605fc77d, Today is Photo Caption Friday! 

What's your caption for this darling duo?, On the first furry day of Christmas, we have bouncy bunnies available for adoption for just $10! 

These three very special bunnies are waiting for homes for the holidays! Scandinavia, Cinnamon Bun, and Lady Rainicorn have been at the APL since September of 2012! Visit the Cleveland APL today and give these girls loving homes! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tomorrow, on the first FURRY day of Christmas, visit the Cleveland APL's adoption center and shelter in Tremont and adopt a "bouncy bunny" for just $10! http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Want to get on Santa's nice list this year? Head to SouthPark Mall this Saturday for Breakfast with Santa! Not only will there be lots of food and fun, but you will also be helping the animals! $1 from each ticket sold will benefit the Cleveland APL!, Do you have a holiday tradition with your pet and family? If so, we would love to hear what it is!, Teddy would love a ho-ho-home for the holidays! This adorable 4 year old has been at the APL since July. He was surrendered by his owner due to allergies. Teddy does well with other cats and did great with the dog in his previous home. 

Teddy (and all white or partially white adult cats) can be adopted TODAY ONLY for $10 at the Clevealnd APL! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-20605631, Do your furry friends love the tree?, 'Tis the season to be jolly... and adopt a new furry friend during the "Furry Days of Christmas"! We will have a variety of reduced adoption fees over the next couple of weeks leading up to Christmas at the Cleveland APL!

Today and tomorrow, white or partially white adult cats and bunnies will be available for only $10 and white or partially white adult dogs for only $65. Keep an eye on our Facebook page and Twitter feed on Friday to see what the next reduced fee will be for a furry friend!
http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Meet Travis and Midget, our Pets of the Week! Remember, today and tomorrow Tavis' adoption fee is reduced for the "Furry Days of Christmas"! Travis is available for $65! http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Now through Christmas, we will be featuring a variety of reduced adoption fees at our adoption center and shelter in Tremont as a part of the “Furry Days of Christmas” to help the animals get loving homes for the holidays. Learn more: http://clevelandapl.org/furry-days-of-christmas/, Tim & Tom from the Plain White T's met Daisy Moo Moos! She is an adorable 3 year old Terrier, American Pit Bull mix who would love to find a family soon! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Terrier-American-Pit-Bull-Mix-20550029

In honor of the Plain White T's visit to the APL yesterday, white or partially white adult dogs are available for adoption for $65 through Thursday. White or partially white adult cats and rabbits are available for $10 through Thursday!, Tippy sure would love a home for the holidays! This handsome 8 year old has been at the APL since September. He gets along with other cats. Tippy (and all adult cats at the APL who are white or partially white) can be adopted for only $10 today through Thursday! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-21000004, Vidalia is a beautiful 13 year old who has been at the APL since August. You can meet this sweet girl at the Cleveland APL! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Longhair-Mix-20826489, Tom from the Plain White T's visiting with Travis! :) Learn more about Travis at: http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Boxer-Mastiff-21343123, Thank you to the Plain White T's and Q104 - Cleveland for visiting the Cleveland APL today and helping to kick off our "Furry Days of Christmas"!!!

Remember, in honor of the Plain White T's, white or partially white adult cats and bunnies will be available for only $10 and white or partially white adult dogs for only $65. http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, ONE MORE HOUR until the Plain White T's and Fee's Kompany arrive at the Cleveland APL to kick off the "Furry Days of Christmas"! Will we see you at our adoption center and shelter?!, null, Wayne, a 7 year old Siberian Husky/Basenji mix is hoping that he will find a home for the holidays today!

Remember, white or partially white adult dogs are available for adoption today for only $65 in celebration of the Plain White T's visit to our shelter at 2 p.m.! Come meet the band and adopt a furry friend!!, The kitties at the Cleveland APL are getting ready for a visit from the Plain White T's & Fee's Kompany at 2 p.m. today!! http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, TIME CHANGE - The Plain White T's and Fee's Kompany will be arriving at the Cleveland APL at 2 p.m. today!!!

Stop by to adopt a furry friend at hang out with some rock stars!!! In celebration of the Plain White T's visit, we will have reduced adoption fees for white or partially white adult cats, dogs and bunnies! Learn more - http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, Don't forget- the Plain White T's & Fee's Kompany will be at the Cleveland APL's shelter in Tremont tomorrow from 12-1pm! Come adopt a furry friend and hang out with some rock stars! :)
http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, The Cleveland APL’s “Furry Days of Christmas” adoption promotion will kick off on Monday, December 9th with a very special visit from the popular rock band, Plain White T's and Q104 - Cleveland's Fee's Kompany!

Learn more about their upcoming visit to the APL and reduced adoption fees on Monday - 
http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, Want to adopt a furry friend and hang out with some rock stars? Come to the Cleveland APL's shelter in Tremont on Monday, December 9th from noon until 1 p.m.! 

Learn more about the band's upcoming visit and our reduced adoption fees on Monday! http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, Minestrone is going home for the holidays!!! Congratulations to Minestrone and her new mom!  :), The Cleveland APL’s “Furry Days of Christmas” adoption promotion will kick off on Monday, December 9th with a very special visit from the popular rock band, the Plain White T's!

The band, along with Q104 - Cleveland's Fee's Kompany, will be stopping by the Cleveland APL in Tremont from noon until 1 p.m. to take photos with adopters and their new furry friends!

Learn more about the Plain White T's upcoming visit to the APL and our reduced adoption fees on Monday - 
http://clevelandapl.org/plain-white-ts-to-kick-off-cleveland-apls-furry-days-of-christmas/, PetSmart® has offered us a fun opportunity to raise funds for the Cleveland APL!  We have been invited to participate in the “Santa Claws Photo Event”  on Saturday, December 7th from 11am-4pm at the PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center. 

Guests will donate $5 per picture and will use their own camera or cell phone to take the picture. The Cleveland APL will receive 100% of the proceeds for each picture that is taken.  http://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, 4 year old Buddy (right) showed up at the home of an APL volunteer on an evening in October. Buddy had a bad injury to his right leg that was caused by a flea collar wrapped around his chest. The volunteer brought Buddy to the APL through our TNR program. When he arrived, Buddy's injuries were treated and he was neutered. Buddy was healing well and our Veterinarian thought he would do great in the home of our Foster Care Volunteer of the Year, Jodi. Buddy joined three other injured cats that Jodi was fostering at the time, one of whom was Shredda. 

Shredda, an adorable 9 year old, came to the APL as a stray with a badly injured and infected back leg. Our veterinary staff treated Shredda's leg and she went to Jodi's home to recover. She was nervous and shy when she arrived at Jodi's. Once Buddy arrived, Shredda took right to him! She looked to Buddy for guidance and Buddy kindly took her under his wing.

A couple of weeks later, Buddy was ready to go back to the APL to find his forever home, but Shredda was not quite ready yet. Buddy stayed at Jodi's home a few more weeks until his pal was ready for adoption. 

Buddy and Shredda are now both back at the APL, healthy and waiting for loving homes! Although the two are not a bonded pair, they sure would love to find a home together! :), Are you looking for a way to give back this holiday season? Visit our Amazon Wish List and view all the items that we are in need of at the APL including dry erase markers, Ziploc bags, dog treats and much more!, Meet Vargo, the "forever puppy"! This incredibly cute pooch is a 1 year old Beagle/Pug mix who is waiting to meet his future family at the APL!

Visit this adorable elf at the Cleveland APL today! :), Minestrone and Holly are our adorable Pets of the Week! These sweet girls are both waiting for a home for the holidays. Learn more about them at http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Lucan is Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, THANK YOU to everyone who made a gift to the APL on  #GivingTuesday!!!!! You helped us to reach our goal of raising $3,000 for our Second Chance Program, which allows us to provide veterinary care for sick, injured, and special needs animals in need., Cat Found - This handsome boy was found on Friday, November 29 on Bridge Avenue and W. 30th in Cleveland's Ohio City area. Please contact Amanda at 216-409-9911 if you think this is your kitty!, It's not too late to make a donation to the Cleveland APL on #GivingTuesday! Simply visit https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2013 and make a difference by supporting our Second Chance Program, which allows us to provide veterinary care for sick, injured, and special needs animals in need.

Snowball's Story:

Snowball had gone through a tough time–and it showed. The 10-year-old white cat hadn’t been properly cared for since one of his owners died and the other became seriously ill. Snowball had such severe ear mites that his ears had become painful and deformed. Fortunately, Snowball’s owner agreed to surrender him to the Cleveland APL.

Our veterinary team gave Snowball the medical attention he needed and before long he was on our cat adoption floor. Although his ears looked odd, there was nothing wrong with Snowball’s hearing. Besides that, he was a really sweet cat!
Snowball was at the shelter for about two months before going to his forever home. Snowball now spends his days watching the birds out the window and sleeping, occasionally curling up with a catnip-filled toy mouse that his mom says he holds to his chest like a baby., We are $500 away from reaching our $3,000 for #GivingTuesday! Thank you for your support!
Please help us reach that goal by making a donation to our Second Chance Program today! https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2013

Hubbard's Story:

Hubbard the Great Dane was a stray who was picked up by a dog warden running loose in Cleveland. When he got to the APL through our Dog Transfer Program with the City of Cleveland Kennels, it was obvious he had been neglected for a long time. Hubbard was so underweight and weak that he could barely stand up, and he had a skin condition and heartworm.

Thankfully, we were able to provide all the medical care Hubbard needed—and a wonderful APL foster care volunteer family provided much-needed TLC.  He now goes by the name of Harold and enjoys his new life with his new family and siblings—both canine and human!, Today is #GivingTuesday! Make a difference in the lives of animals like Uno by making a donation to our Second Chance Program. https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2013

You can also make a donation to the Cleveland APL with PayPal and they will $5.52 to your donation! You simply have to visit https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/stampoutchecks and search for "Cleveland Animal Protective League".

Here is Uno's story:

Uno was brought to the APL by his owner with a bad case of mange. His owner had tried to treat the disease himself with a series of caustic materials that left Uno badly burned. In addition to treating his severe injuries, we also needed to treat his spirit as he was very shy and fearful of people. 

Three months in the care of a loving APL foster volunteer was just what he needed. When Uno was finally ready for adoption, the APL staff members who had cared for him when he first came in almost didn’t recognize him!

Uno is now a very treasured member of his new family!, Thank you to Amanda and Panda Paws Rescue for their commitment to helping animals in need and being such wonderful advocates for them. It was great to meet you in May and we know Brownie and her pups are forever thankful to have met you as well!, Today is #GivingTuesday! Please take a moment to give back and support the Cleveland APL's Second Chance Program, which allows us to provide veterinary care for sick, injured, and special needs animals who need a "second chance".  https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/GivingTuesday2013

Here is Simon's story: 

Simon was brought to the APL by a Good Samaritan after she noticed he seemed to be in pain and wasn’t walking well. He was a stray cat and likely hit by a car, although the cause of injury is unknown. He came to us with a fractured pelvis and left femur and a dislocated hip. 

A wonderful combination of expert medical care that included two surgeries, lots of love from our wonderful staff, rehabilitation in the home of a caring foster family, and Simon’s sweet spirit got him through his ordeal and on to his happy new life with his adopted family., The shopping madness of Black Friday and Cyber Monday is almost over. Now, please take some time tomorrow on #GivingTuesday to support the Cleveland APL and our life-saving work.  https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=502870

Linus is an example of one of the many animals who are treated and cared for through our Second Chance Program. Linus was found by one of our Humane Investigators after a concerned citizen called to report a dog chained to a fence with no food, water or shelter. He was huddled in a bush and covered in sores. 

After Linus was brought to the shelter, our veterinarian determined that he had a severe case of mange, as well as bacterial and yeast infections. Linus’ course of treatment included injections to get rid of the mites that cause mange. He also needed to take medication for the infection and be given medicated baths. Soon Linus was off to the home of an APL Foster Care Volunteer. Not only did Linus do well in his foster home, but he blossomed! 

After he had healed, Linus was ready to find his forever home. He met his new parents at an Offsite Adoption Event and they fell in love with him.  He now has two canine siblings, including one who is deaf.  Linus acts as his “ears” as they romp and play in the backyard.

Please consider making a gift to our Second Chance Program on this Giving Tuesday. We could not do what we do for the animals without your support. https://clevelandapl.ejoinme.org/?tabid=502870, Are you looking to give a dog the gift of a new home this season?  If so, Charlie might be the one for you! Charlie is the APL’s own little Santa Paws! He's a 6 year old Shih Tzu who was brought to the APL last month in need of eye surgery. 

Charlie loves belly rubs and snuggling! We recommend Charlie go to a home without children since he’s not always enthusiastic about being picked up and can get startled sometimes since he only has one eye., Vidalia is a beautiful 13 year old who has been at the APL since August. You can meet this sweet girl at the Cleveland APL! http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Longhair-Mix-20826489, Looking for a great gift to buy for the animal lover in your life? Purchase our 2014 Cleveland APL calendar for just $10!
http://clevelandapl.org/2014-cleveland-apl-calendar/, So far, we've adopted out 46 cats and a bunny during our Adopt Love on Black Friday adoption promotion for cats and rabbits - and 9 dogs, too! And because we still have more animals who need homes and want to spread as much love as possible, our adoption fee for cats and rabbits will remain an unbelievably low $11 through Sunday at both of our locations - the Cleveland APL in Tremont and our Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart store on Ridge Rd in Parma. Let all of your friends know!, Visit the Cleveland APL and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center today, Saturday and Sunday and adopt LOVE!

Cats, kittens, and rabbits are available for adoption for just $11!
http://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, Happy Thanksgiving to you and your furry friends!

Remember, our shelter in Tremont and our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store in Parma are closed today., Skip the Black Friday madness and adopt LOVE instead!, Meet Aubry and Almond, our Pets of the Week! 

We are happy to report that Aubry has been adopted, but Almond is still waiting for a home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the PetSmart® store in Parma! 

Learn more about this sweet girl! 
http://clevelandapl.org/pets-of-the-week/, Is your cat king or queen of your household? :), We have GREAT NEWS to share with you! As of today, 343 animals have been adopted from our new PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located in the PetSmart® store on Ridge Road in Parma!

If you have not visited our EAC yet, stop by this weekend and adopt a cat, kitten or rabbit for just $11!, November is Adopt a Senior Pet Month!

Biddy is a sweet (and a little sassy at times) 8 and half year old who is waiting for a loving home. Biddy is still very playful and was previously in a home with other cats and did well with them. Visit this sensational senior at the Cleveland APL and adopt her for just $11 in November!, Fill in the blank:

I am thankful for my pet because __________________., Adopt love this Black Friday! Find your new furry companion at the Cleveland APL and at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store in Parma! Cats, kittens and rabbits will be available for adoption for $11 this Friday, Saturday, and Sunday! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt-love-on-black-friday/, null, This handsome pooch is Rascal. He is a 3 year old Coonhound mix who was previously in a home with other dogs and did great with them! Please share and help Rascal find a home for the holidays!, Are you proCATStinating on this Friday afternoon?, This pretty kitty's name is Winnie and she is waiting for a home to call her own! She is 2 years old and does well with other cats. If you are looking for a loving companion, look no further! Winnie (and all other adult cats at the APL) is available for adoption for just $11 this month!, November is Adopt a Senior Pet Month!

Vidalia is a beautiful 13 year old who has been at the APL since August. Please give this sweet girl a home for just $11 in November!, Looking for a fun and festive way to help the Cleveland APL this holiday season?

If so, you're in luck! There are lots of opportunities to help the APL and have a great time while doing so, starting with the upcoming 92.3 The Fan Tailgate Party this Sunday! There are also a variety of events that will be going on at SouthPark Mall that benefit the APL! http://clevelandapl.org/donate/fun-ways-to-support-the-apl/, LOST DOG. Male, black and brown long-haired mini Dachshund. 12 lbs, 12 yrs old. Missing an eye. Name is Tigger. Last seen Sunday evening 11/17 on Maple Road in Cleveland Heights. Black nylon collar with tags. He's my buddy and his owner misses him so much, and is extremely worried about his safety and well-being! PLEASE call Jackie at 216.798.2567., Hi, I’m Spot (left) and this is my buddy Mew! We’re two great cats that came to the APL as strangers but hit it off as soon as we met. I’m a really shy guy who had trouble adjusting to being in this new place, but my buddy Mew is the exact opposite—he’s a social butterfly who loves and wants to be around everyone, cats and people alike—so he was the perfect match to bring me out of my shell. We are now best friends—we wrestle, we snuggle, we groom each other—and we really need to find our furever home, together! So please: if you’re looking for a really sweet duo, come down asap and take us home (we’re only $20 to adopt)!, Did you download our FREE mobile app to your iPhone or iPad yet?! It's now available in the app store! Easily view all of our animals that are currently available for adoption with the touch of your finger!, Meet Princess Vespa, a precious 3 year old who has been at the Cleveland APL since July.  Please share Princess Vespa's photo and help this sweet girl find a loving home for the holidays!
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Cat-Domestic-Shorthair-Mix-20492601, Fill in the blank:

My furry friend's hidden talent is ________________., This adorable little girl is Pirouette. She is 2 years old and came to us from another shelter through our Dog Transfer Program. Pirouette is a Pug/Chihuahua mix and is waiting to meet her new family at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store in Parma!

http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Pug-Chihuahua-Short-Coat-21481699, November is adopt a senior pet month!

"Like" if you have known the love of a senior pet., Do you have a void in your heart and home that only a feline can fill?

If so, now is the purrfect time to visit the Cleveland APL and #adopt! In honor of the support of our friends Newsradio WTAM 1100's Mike Snyder and Total Traffic + Weather Network’s Faith Nezovich, adult cats are available for adoption for $11 this month! Also, kitten adoption fees have been reduced to $50!, "Desperado, why don't you come to your senses and adopt me?!" 

Desperado is a very handsome 5 year old who was brought to the APL as a stray. Please share his photo and help him find a loving home!  Remember - adult cats are available for adoption for just $11 and kittens for $50 in November!, November is Adopt a Senior Pet Month!

Clairie is a 6 year old Welsh Corgi, Pembroke/Shepherd mix who is sweet as can be! As you can see, Clairie loves helping our adoptions staff behind the desk and snuggling up with her stuffed baby for a nap when all of her work is done., It's Photo Caption Friday!

Ready ... set ... go!, Hi, my name is Kibbles and I am a very sweet 2 year old kitty waiting for my happily ever after! In honor of the APL's friends Newsradio WTAM 1100's Mike Snyder and Total Traffic + Weather Network's Faith Nezovich, my adoption fee is only $11 in November!, Does your pup give you this face?, Thank you to all of the generous people who have purchased items from our Wish List! Your gifts help us to care for more than 16,000 homeless animals that come through our doors every year.

If you are still looking to help by donating an item that we are in need of, please feel free to view our Amazon Wish List! Just a few of the many items on the list include Ziploc bags for medication, treats, slip leads, and much more!, This purrrfect kitty's name is Hansel. He's 4 years old and does well with other cats. Hansel has been at the shelter since September when he was brought to us as a stray. Can you give Hansel a home? Don't forget - his adoption fee is just $11 in November!, Was your cat your alarm clock this morning? :), This handsome fellow is Travis. He is a 9 month old Boxer/Mastiff and can't wait to find a loving home! Travis is full of energy and loves to run and play. It is recommended that Travis does not go to a home with children under the age of 12 or cats., Newsradio WTAM 1100's Mike Snyder and Total Traffic + Weather Network's Faith Nezovich want to remind you that all adult cats at the Cleveland APL are available for adoption for $11 in November! Also, kittens can be adopted for just $50.

By the way, can you spot the photo-bombing kitty?! :), Buddy and Claudia came to visit today! If you don't remember, these adorable 12 and 11 year old pooches were at the APL for about 2 and a half months before finding their happily ever after together in August! Their parents reported to us that they are enjoying time in their forever home :), Check out some of the fabulous photos that were taken at Cold Noses, Warm Hearts ~ Fur Ball 2013 by our wonderful Volunteer Photographers!, A "Happy Tale" from the Cleveland APL...

"We adopted Hope (aka Sasha) this past July. She was a small, timid cat hiding in the yellow bin in her cage. We took her out and held her and she looked at us with her little green eyes as if to say ‘take me home’. She came home with us that day. Now, three months later she is enjoying life indoors with her new family. Hope spends her days playing, bird watching, sleeping, and of course eating. Her new hobby is playing tag with Buster, one of our other cats. - The Haynes Family", Are you looking for an adorable pooch to add to your family? Norton could be your new best friend! Norton the pup is a 1 and and half year old Beagle/Mix who is waiting for his forever home at the Cleveland APL!, Are you hanging with your furry friend this weekend?, Looking for a way to help the Cleveland APL during Animal Shelter Appreciation Week?

Check out our Amazon Wish List for all of our much needed items including dry erase markers for our dog activity logs, treats, collars and much more! Thank you for your support! http://amzn.com/w/17JWHFI8ZR6ZV, Hi, my name is Almond and I am fun-loving 5 year old Terrier, Manchester/Dachshund waiting for my forever home. You can visit me at the Cleveland APL's PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the PetSmart® store in Parma! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, Spot and Mew (both 1 year old) are a bonded pair who desperately want to go home together. They came to the APL separately. Mew is outgoing and social, while Spot is very shy, so shy that the adoption staff moved him to the adoption office to have some time to relax and come out of his shell.  

One day Mew was brought into the adoption office to join Spot. Spot was unsure at first but after a couple of days, Mew and Spot became best buddies—they play, wrestle, chase each other around, and even sleep together. In addition to being best buds, Mew gives Spot confidence and helps his friend be a happy cat!  We want these best buddies to spend the rest of their lives together! Please help us spread the word about these feline friends and help them find their forever home!, Wyatt, Concord, Tilapia and Milton are just four of the MANY animals we are able to help each year thanks to our Second Chance Program!

Learn about our Second Chance Program and how you can help - http://clevelandapl.org/donate/second-chance-program/, Meet Topaz, a beautiful 9 year old who is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL! Remember, Topaz and all other adult cats are available for adoption for just $11 in November!, This week is Animal Shelter Appreciation Week!

If you can't adopt, another way to help the Cleveland APL is by becoming a volunteer! If you're interested, mark your calendars for our next Volunteer Orientation on Saturday, November 16 at 10:30am at our shelter in Tremont!

Turn your compassion into action and get involved!, It's MEOW-VEMBER! We have reduced cat and kitten adoption fees at the Cleveland APL in November in honor of our Celebrities of the Month, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Mike Snyder and Total Traffic Network's Faith Nezovich!

Adopt an adult cat for just $11 and a kitten for $50 at the APL!, Start your holiday shopping early and purchase the APL's 2014 Calendar today! http://clevelandapl.org/2014-cleveland-apl-calendar/

If you entered your furry friend's photo in the 2014 Pet Calendar Contest, look for your copy of the calender in the mail this week!, This week is Animal Shelter Appreciation Week! 

One way you can help the Cleveland APL is by adopting! Did you know that over 6,500 animals were adopted from the Cleveland APL in 2012?

Find your new best friend by visiting http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Alai is an adorable 2 and a half year old Retriever, Labrador/Mix who is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL! Visit Alai and all of our other animals and find your new best friend!, Did you see the Terminal Tower in APL purple Saturday night in honor of our centennial?

What's your favorite building in Cleveland's skyline?, Such a fantastic evening on Saturday at Cold Noses, Warm Hearts ~ Fur Ball 2013! Thank you to all of our guests who attended and helped us to raise more than $265,000 for our Second Chance Program!!!!

Pictured are APL Volunteers Laura and Don with VIPS (Very Important Pooches) Linus and Angel!, This wonderful little guy named Mark asked for APL donations for his 9th birthday! Thank you for your thoughtfulness, Mark! What an inspiration to us all!, What an amazing night at Cold Noses, Warm Hearts - Fur Ball 2013! Thanks to all who attended!, null, null, null, It's Photo Caption Friday! 

What's your caption for this purrfect photo?, The Cleveland APL has a mobile app! Download our new, free app to your iphone or ipad to view animals that are currently available for adoption, learn about the APL and our programs and services, and find out how you can help support the APL and our mission!

To download our new app, visit the app store on your iphone or ipad and search for "Cleveland APL" or "Cleveland Animal Protective League"!, null, Make sure to check out the Cleveland skyline Saturday night! The Terminal Tower will glow purple in honor of our centennial!, Visit our friendly, feline adoption staff at the Cleveland APL and adopt a cat or kitten for just $5 today!!!! Remember, today is the LAST DAY of $5 felines!, HOPPY HALLOWEEN! The Ice King is a 2 year old rabbit who would love to find a wonderful home! View all of our adoptable animals on our website - http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Meet Hap, a very handsome 10 year old kitty waiting for a home! Hap does well with kids, cats, and dogs and will add joy to any home! Hap is available for adoption for just $5 in October at the Cleveland APL! Are you the one that can give sweet boy his happily ever after?, A smile for your Tuesday!, Hi! My name is Sundance and I am a beautiful 6 year old kitty. I have been at the Cleveland APL since August, waiting for the purrfect family. Please share my photo and help me find my forever home!, Meet Brandy, a very sweet 8 year old German Shepherd/Great Dane mix who is waiting for a loving home! You can visit Brandy at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the  PetSmart® store in Parma!, A HUGE thank you to Hadley who visited the APL over the weekend to give us a very generous donation for her 10th birthday! Happy birthday Hadley, and thank you for your kindness! :), You can help give a dog sight!  

Remember Knight, our sweet little pooch who needs cataract surgery?  Thanks to your generous donations, he’s scheduled for that surgery next week.  We’d love for him to recover from that surgery in a loving foster home so we’re reaching out for help again.  

Knight, and his little friend Tam, will need to be in foster for 30-60 days, depending on how his recovery goes.  If you think you can help this dynamic duo, please contact our foster coordinator Morganne at foster@clevelandapl.org for more information.  Thank you!, It's Photo Caption Friday! 

Let's see your best caption for this photo of APL Alumni, Max., Meet Beau, a very handsome 6 year old who is currently available for adoption at the Cleveland APL! Don't forget - Beau and all of his feline friends are available for adoption this month for just $5 at the Cleveland APL!

You can also visit adoptable animals at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! Adult cat adoption fees are reduced to $25 and kitten adoption fees are reduced to $50 in October!, All cats and kittens are available for adoption at the Cleveland APL's shelter in Tremont for just $5 in October! 

Adult cat adoption fees at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma are reduced to $25 and kittens to $50 in October as well! Adopt a furry friend in October!, Duke could be your new best friend! Visit him at the Cleveland APL!   http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Retriever-Labrador-German-Shepherd-21093, Do you have a Halloween costume for your furry friend? If so, what is it?, This cutie's name is Squirt! He is 2 and a half years old and gets along great with other cats! Squirt, as well as all other cats and kittens at the APL, are available for adoption for $5 in October!, Have plans this weekend? Make sure bring your furry friend to the Halloween Celebration at Crocker Park on Saturday! There will be a pet costume contest and trick-or-treating. Plus, the $5 registration fee for the pet costume contest will benefit the APL!, Hi, my name is Leah! I am an adorable and active 8 month old Terrier, Pit Bull/Mix waiting for the perfect family at the Cleveland APL! I hope you share my photo so my future family can see me! :), Fall is a great time of year to go for a long walk and take in all of the beautiful colors of leaves changing!

How do you and your furry friend enjoy the season?, Check out all of the wonderful photos that were captured at project CARE's second outreach event that was held on Saturday, October 5!, Meet Little Bit, an adorable 5 year old who does great with other cats! This sweet girl is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL for just $5 through the rest of the month!, Vidalia is a beautiful 13 year old who has been at the APL since August. This sweet girl is looking forward to finding her forever home. Remember, all cats and kittens at the APL are available for adoption for $5 in October!, There are lots of reasons to be thankful for our pets! 

Tell us why you're thankful for your furry friend., Are you looking for a sweet and adorable new best friend? If so, Rex might just be the one for you! Rex is an 8 year old Retriever, Labrador/Mix who is available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the PetSmart® store on Ridge Road in Parma., Today is National Feral Cat Day! 

Did you know that so far this year, 3,760 stray and feral cats have been spayed/neutered through our Trap-Neuter-Return Program?, Don't miss out on a howling good time! It's not too late to purchase your tickets to Cold Noses, Warm Hearts ~ Fur Ball 2013!

Buy your tickets today http://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Check out adorable Terrier/Pit Bull mix Della showing off her skills while working with our project STAR Dog Behavior Manager, Lisa Musca! Della is waiting for her forever home at the Cleveland APL!

If you are looking for a way to help the APL, our Dog Enrichment Program at both our shelter and our PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center is currently in need of the following items:

• Small Plastic Spray bottles
• Cooking extracts- Vanilla, strawberry, lemon, almond, coconut
• Fragrance Oils- Chamomile, lavender, eucalyptus, geranium, ginger, peppermint, sage *please only stick to oils on the list some others can be toxic to canines*
• Spices- Cinnamon, nutmeg, clove, cardamom (with shaker tops) 

View all of our much needed items on our Wish List http://clevelandapl.org/donate/our-wish-list/, There are lots of wonderful cats and kittens waiting for their forever homes at the Cleveland APL! Adopt a feline friend at our shelter in Tremont for just $5 in October!

You can also visit the cats and kittens available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the PetSmart® store in Parma and adopt an adult cat for just $25 and a kitten for $50 this month! View our adoptable animals at http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Visit Eli and his friends at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the PetSmart® store in Parma!, Do you have the day off? If so, how are you and your pet enjoying it?, Cat and kitten adoption fees have been reduced at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center through the rest of October! Adult cats are available for $25 and kittens for only $50!

Visit our Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store located at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma to adopt a furry friend like Alexander (pictured)!, TICKET DEADLINE EXTENDED!!! The deadline to purchase your tickets to the "tail-wagging" event of the year, Cold Noses, Warm Hearts ~ Fur Ball 2013 has been extended to Friday, October 18!

Learn more about Fur Ball and purchase your tickets today! http://clevelandapl.org/events/fur-ball/, Can you relate?, Let all of your friends know ... cats and kittens at the Cleveland APL's shelter in Tremont are available for adoption for just $5 in October!! There are lots of cats and kittens waiting for good homes, so please spread the word!

View all of our adoptable animals on our website http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Missy is a sweet girl who loves to cuddle! She knows sit, down and paw and is very well-behaved. Missy is affectionate and sloppy kisses are her specialty. Visit Missy at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the PetSmart store on Ridge Road in Parma!, Meet Clyde, a 3 year old ferret who is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL! Clyde previously lived in a home with a cat, dog, and another ferret and did great with them! Please share this adorable guy's photo and help him find a great home!, Check out these Fantastic Fidos for $50 who are both available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at the PetSmart® store on Ridge Road in Parma!

Lovey lives up to her name and just wants to love you! She also loves to snuggle! Bailey is a more active pooch who likes to chase tennis balls! 

Please help us spread the word about these two pooches and help them find loving homes! 
Learn more about Bailey - http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Hound-Mix-20774034
Learn more about Lovey - 
http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Coonhound-Mix-20779640, Dukis is Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week! Learn more about this handsome guy!, Fill in the blank:

My favorite place to take my dog in Cleveland is _____________., null, Our wonderful photos from the Grand Opening of our new PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center are now up! Check them out!, Check out this Fantastic Fido for $50! Fang is a 5 year old Australian Cattle Dog/Mix who is waiting for his forever home. He did great with other dogs and children in his previous home. 

Come to the Cleveland APL and adopt this sweet boy for just $50!!

http://www.petango.com/Adopt/Dog-Australian-Cattle-Dog-Mix-20632550, Meet Norma, an adorable 2 year old who was brought to the APL as a stray. Norma should go to a home where she is the only cat. Remember, Norma (and all other cats and kittens) can be adopted for just $5 in October!, Don't miss the tail-wagging event of the year! Purchase your tickets for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts ~ Fur Ball 2013 today! Tickets are going quickly!, Check out all of the fun ways you can support the Cleveland APL!, It's Photo Caption Friday!

What's your caption for APL alumna, Katherine?, Don't forget - $5 felines is back at the Cleveland APL for the month of October thanks to the support from Danita Harris - WEWS and WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton! Adopt a cat or kitten for just $5! 

To view all of our adoptable animals, visit http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/, Today is World Animal Day! 

Tell us why you love animals., Help spread the word! Cats and kittens are available for adoption for just $5 at the Cleveland APL in October in honor of our Celebrity of the Month,  Danita Harris - WEWS! 

$5 for a new best friend... what can be better!, Stop by Petitti Garden Centers now through October 19 to purchase a paw print to support the Cleveland APL!

Also, make sure to visit Petitti Garden Centers’ Avon, Bainbridge, Mentor, Oakwood and Strongsville locations each Saturday now through October 19 from 12-3pm for a Fall Festival!, Meet Hanna! http://clevelandapl.org/adopt/adoptable-animals/canine-adoptions/, How are you and your furry friend(s) cheering on the Cleveland Indians tonight?, Meet Geraldine, this week's Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend!, In honor of Adopt a Shelter Dog Month, we will be sharing information about our wonderful dogs currently available for adoption! Meet Riley ..., Meet Biddy, an 8 and a half year old who was surrendered to us in July. Biddy's owner was moving and could not take her. Biddy was in her previous home with two other cats and did well with them. Help us find Biddy a loving, forever home and share her photo with your friends!, Fill in the blank:

My kitty's very favorite activity is __________________., This puppy, along with 14 other dogs and 11 cats, found a home at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center Grand Opening on Saturday. The entire weekend was a huge success during which 33 animals found new homes from our new location!

Thank you to everyone who came out for it!, Molly (White/Brown Pit Bull/Terrier mix) and Indiana Jones (Brown/Black Boxer/Bulldog mix) had a blast playing together in the play yard! Both of these pups are 1 year old and do well with other dogs. Could one of these pooches be perfect for your family?, C'mon...you HAVE to come on down to the PetSmart in Parma (Ridge Rd) today and meet Paige, Honey and all of the other cats and dogs waiting to be adopted at our new new Everyday Adoption Center. Adoption fees are reduced.  Thank you PetSmart Charities and PetSmart!!!, Make sure to stop by PetSmart located at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma today for the Grand Opening of our new PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center now until 8 pm! 

Festivities will include reduced cat and dog adoption fees all day long, gift bags for all adopters, and a coupon book worth over $250 in savings, including a free bag of pet food for all adopters!, In celebration of the Grand Opening of our new PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center, mention this Facebook post at our shelter in Tremont tomorrow and we will honor the reduced cat and kitten adoption fees that will be available at the EAC! 

Adult cats will be available for just a $25 adoption fee, and kittens for $50!

Please SHARE this post and help spread the word!, Do you love animals? Do you want to make a difference in the lives of homeless animals in the community? A career at the Cleveland APL might be for you!

We have a variety of exciting employment opportunities available! Visit the employment page on our new website to check them all out!, Cleveland Animal Protective League online has a new look! Check out our new and improved website at www.ClevelandAPL.org today!

A HUGE thank you to Peerlis for generously donating the development and design of our beautiful, new website! Learn more about Peerlis at http://www.peerlis.com, Marshmallow is an adorable 6 year old who was surrendered to the APL when his owner could no longer care for him. Marshmallow does well with other cats and is currently available for adoption at the Cleveland APL!, Please join us for the Grand Opening of our new PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center this Saturday, September 28 from 9 am until 8 pm at PetSmart® located at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma! 

Festivities will include a special “leash-cutting” ceremony at 9 am to start the celebration, reduced cat and dog adoption fees all day long, gift bags for all adopters, and a coupon book worth over $250 in savings, including a free bag of pet food for all adopters!, How does your pet greet you after a long day?, Brumby is an adorable 3 and a half year old Terrier, Yorkshire/Mix who is at the Cleveland APL waiting for her forever home! Please share Brumby's photo!, Did you know the Cleveland Animal Protective League and PetSmart Charities have teamed up with support from PetSmart to open a dog & cat adoption center inside the PetSmart® store at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma? That's right, you can visit the Cleveland APL as well as the new Everyday Adoption Center 7 days a week to adopt a furry friend!

Please join us for the Grand Opening of our Everyday Adoption Center this Saturday, September 28 from 9 am until 8 pm at PetSmart in Parma! Festivities will include a special “leash-cutting” ceremony at 9 am to start the celebration, reduced cat and dog adoption fees all day long, gift bags for all adopters, and a coupon book worth over $250 in savings, including a free bag of pet food for all adopters!

View more about the Grand Opening at: https://www.facebook.com/events/684629204899260/?ref=22, Please join us for the Grand Opening of our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center  this Saturday, September 28 from 9 am until 8 pm at PetSmart in Parma!

Festivities will include a special “leash-cutting” ceremony at 9 am to start the celebration, reduced cat and dog adoption fees all day long, gift bags for all adopters, and a coupon book worth over $250 in savings, including a free bag of pet food for all adopters!, Molly is Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week! Learn more about this sweet girl! Share to help Molly find a forever home!, Thank you to everyone for your generous donations to our dog training and enrichment programs!  

We have an ongoing need for Kong stuffings. These include canned pumpkin, baby food, pasta, canned dog food, and yogurt.  At the moment, we have plenty of peanut butter and mashed potatoes.  All donations are greatly appreciated by our dogs, staff, and volunteers. - Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager, "Like" if you can relate!, Sophia is a beautiful 7 month old kitty who is currently available for adoption at our new PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at 6870 Ridge Road in Parma! Visit Sophia today!, Great news! 74 cats, 13 dogs, and 2 rabbits were adopted over the weekend! Thanks to all who visited us to find their new furry friends! :), Samantha is trying to find her lost black cat. His name is Chompers and he is a little over a year old. He is small at only 5 or 6 pounds with golden/orange colored eyes and tipped ear from getting fixed. He is friendly and has all of his claws. He was last seen on Sunday September 15th. He was lost around the West Bank of the Flats, specifically near Stella Maris and Carneys bar. 

Please share and help Samantha find Chompers!, Hi, my name is Chicken Noodle and I am a very handsome 2 year old Retriever, Chesapeake Bay/Mix waiting for my forever home! Please share my photo so I can find it soon!, Today is the last day for reduced cat and kitten adoption fees at the APL! Visit us today and adopt your new best friend!, Don't miss the tail-wagging event of the year! Purchase your tickets for Cold Noses, Warm Hearts ~ Fur Ball 2013 today! http://www.clevelandapl.org/cold-noses-warm-hearts-fur-ball-2013/, It's Photo Caption Friday! 

What's your caption for this photo of APL alumni, Big Fizz?, null, Stop by the Cleveland APL today or tomorrow and give a cat or kitten a forever home! View all of our adoptable animals at http://www.clevelandapl.org/adoptions/, Help us give Knight a second chance. Together, we can help a blind dog see!

Sweet little Knight is a 3-year-old Maltese/Terrier mix who was surrendered to the APL with his friend, Tam, because his elderly owner could no longer care for the dogs. Right away it was very obvious to our staff that Knight had very little vision. 

Our veterinary team began to address Knight’s lack of vision and determined that the little guy has cataracts. But the good news is Knight is an excellent candidate for cataract surgery that could restore his vision! 

There is a generous veterinary ophthalmologist who has agreed to perform this surgery at a reduced rate for us. But that cost will still be $3,000.

Your donation to the Second Chance Program will help Knight see! 

http://e2.ma/message/wzhxm/opkefb, Molly is an adorable 1 year old Terrier, Pit Bull/Mix who is waiting at the Cleveland APL for her happily ever after!, Stop by Petitti Garden Centers now through October 19 to purchase a paw print to support the Cleveland APL!

Also, make sure to visit Petitti Garden Centers’ Avon, Bainbridge, Mentor, Oakwood and Strongsville locations each Saturday now through October 19 from 12-3pm for a Fall Festival!, Mew Meow is Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week! Learn more about this sweet girl who is currently available for adoption at the Cleveland APL!, "Like" if you agree!, Looking to add a feline friend to your home? Visit the APL this Friday and Saturday to adopt a cat or kitten! http://www.clevelandapl.org/fill-your-empty-nest-with-a-kitty-companion/, Bonnie is a beautiful 3 year old Shepherd/Mix who was transferred to us from another kennel. Bonnie is a smart pooch who knows "sit"! She is available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center on Ridge Road in Parma!, Fill in the blank:

I love my dog because ________________.

View all dogs currently available for adoption at the APL and PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at http://www.clevelandapl.org/canine-adoptions/., Loki is an adorable one year old who was brought to us as a stray. He is now available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located on Ridge Road in Parma! Visit Loki at our new EAC today!, Riley was adopted from the Cleveland APL in May. He has found his happily ever after...

"Here is a photo of Riley enjoying himself on a hot day. Riley has so much energy and he is constantly showing us his appreciation. We love him so much and we couldn't be happier with him. He is such a wonderful dog! - The Grays Family", Here's a laugh for a Monday morning! Where's your cat's favorite spot in the house?, Abby is a very sweet 7 year old Shepherd/Mix who was surrendered to us due to the health of her owner. She is a busy girl who is very well-mannered and knows sit, stay, down and come! Please share Abby's photo and help her find her forever home!, A pretty cool thing happened when I got to work today: our office cat decided to be friends with me.

That might not seem like anything special, but to Chino (the cat), it was a huge milestone.

You see, nearly three weeks ago, I got an email saying that there was a cat on the adoption floor hissing and striking at anyone who came near his kennel. I went to see for myself, and sure enough, when I looked into the box he was hiding in, he hissed and took a swipe at me. Not easily deterred, I told him we were going to be friends, picked up his box, and hauled him back to our office.

No one had seen him since.

Chino was by far the easiest office cat we had ever had: he stayed in his box during the day, and would come out at night to eat and do his business. Sometimes we would forget we even had a cat living with us. He was invisible.

Still, every morning, we'd come in, turn on the lights, and offer a nonchalant "Good morning, Chino."

Chino never answered... until this morning.

As at sat down with my coffee, I greeted the hidden cat in the same manner I always do... and he came out of his box!

As far as Chino is concerned, he and I are best friends as of this morning. He is following me around, purring, headbutting, and demanding attention. He has the funniest high-pitched meow. It took him nearly three weeks to build up the confidence and feel comfortable enough to finally leave his box, but once he did, he revealed himself to be one of the sweetest, most affectionate cats I have ever met.

Chino is available for adoption, and will need a special person who understands that he will probably go into stealth mode once he gets to his new home, but with time and patience, will become a sweet, loving member of the family.

-- Jessie Jarjabka, Animal Transfer and Wellness Coordinator, It isn’t always apparent to potential adopters visiting our animals the stories behind how they came to be at the shelter, or how they might be interconnected...

While there are many cats currently available for adoption on our floor, there are three in particular who, over the course of about a month, were instrumental in the care of one another.

The story starts with Camry, a young cat who was originally brought in as a stray through our TNR program in July. She was sweet and affectionate, but also very sick, suffering from severe inflammation of her bladder. Because of this, she could not be re-released outside. Instead, she stayed at the APL and underwent diagnostics and treatment for the condition.

A few weeks after Camry arrived, another cat was brought in to the shelter in need of help. Chad, only 6 months old at the time, had been attacked by a dog. His wounds were severe and life threatening, and he underwent immediate emergency surgery. In the days following, Chad hid in the back of his kennel, shy and unsure of the people now caring for him.

That same week, a small white kitten was brought in to the shelter, barely alive. Hocus Pocus, as he came to be called, was dirty, underweight, and suffering from life threatening anemia. He was unable to stand, and barely responsive. Despite the odds, our veterinary staff held out hope that he could be saved.

Enter Camry, the cat who had been a frequent patient in the clinic herself. Now bright, alert, and healthy, Camry was able to provide Hocus with the one thing that might save his life: a blood transfusion. 

The change in Hocus was immediate following the procedure: he was more alert and started responding to stimuli. He still wasn’t out of the woods, so he spent the following days commuting between the clinic and the home of the APL’s head veterinarian to continue treatment.

Eventually, Hocus was well enough to return to the shelter. Chad, who was still being monitored in the clinic at the time, took interest in the scraggly little white kitten hobbling around. Eventually, the two were introduced, and Chad immediately took to the younger cat. Nowadays, they spend their time playing and grooming each other. Chad has blossomed into a friendly, outgoing young cat, and in turn, is also helping shy little Hocus come out of his shell.


Camry, Chad, and Hocus Pocus are all currently available for adoption here at the shelter. :), We wanted to share the WONDERFUL news with you - Roxy has been found and reunited with her new family!!! She is going back to the PetSmart Charities® Everyday Adoption Center to be fitted with a martingale collar and easy walk harness. :) Thanks for sharing her information and helping to spread the word!, Kittens playing, kittens laying, kittens eating, kittens sleeping! We have lots of cats and kittens waiting for their forever homes at the Cleveland APL and PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center in Parma!, If you could describe your furry friend's personality using just ONE WORD, what would it be?, With the Cleveland Indians and The Official Cleveland Browns playing this weekend, we want to know...

Do you and your furry friend like to cheer for Cleveland sports teams together? If so, share with us your favorite photos of your pet(s) rooting for Cleveland sports teams!, Brit is a 10 year old Terrier mix who was surrendered to us in August. She is house broken and will make a wonderful best friend to her future adopter! Could that adopter be you?, Please share and help bring Roxy home!, Did you know...

A dog’s sense of smell is one of the keenest in nature. If a pot of stew was cooking on a stove, a human would smell the “stew,” while the dog could smell the beef, carrots, peats, potatoes, spices, etc.  
(APL Alumni, Buster pictured), Oliver is a very handsome 2 year old who would love to find a home soon! Please share this sweet boy's photo and help him find a forever home!, Update on Noland, Lurlene and her kittens:

Lurlene and her kittens have all found wonderful homes, now Noland is waiting for his!

Noland is a playful and adorable 3 month old Terrier, Pit Bull/Mix pictured playing in project STAR's playgroup with Molly!, Zaina is an 8 month old Shepherd/Terrier mix who loves to give hugs and kisses! She is a very playful and happy girl who is always smiling! Visit Zaina at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center at PetSmart® on Ridge Road in Parma!, Kitty is a sweet 3 and a half year old who was surrendered to us as a stray back in February. Kitty is now available for adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center located at the Parma PetSmart® on Ridge Road. Let's help this loving girl find a home!, Smokey is a beautiful 7 year old who was surrendered to us in August. She is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL! Please share Smokey's photo and help her find the loving home she so deserves!, Emily and her pup Carmen are getting ready for the pooch parade at #Puppypalooza!, Lots of adorable dogs are arriving at #Puppypalooza! This handsome fellow is Oscar!, Zander is cooling off before #Puppypalooza!, null, Tonight is the last #Puppypalooza of the season! Come to the ballpark with your pooch to watch the Cleveland Indians take on the Kansas City Royals! http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp#buytix, Meet Luca, a handsome 5 year old Boxer/Mix who is waiting for a loving home. Do you have room in your home for this adorable guy?, It's not too late to purchase your Puppypalooza tickets!! http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp, Want to help Cleveland pets and owners in need?  
Cleveland APL’s Project CARE is looking for energetic, open minded, and enthusiastic volunteers to help get the word out about this program & its services to the targeted area in Cleveland.  Community canvassers are needed to work directly with residents and their pets to promote spay/neuter and basic pet care and needs.  This program takes place on the west side of Cleveland, and canvassing hours can be flexible. Volunteer shifts are 2-3 hours at a time.  

If you are interested in being a part of this proactive movement in Cleveland, please contact Becca Britton: bbritton@clevelandapl.org or call 216-255-5012!, Want to attend a Cleveland Indians game with your pooch on Monday, September 9th? Purchase your tickets for Puppypalooza today!! http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp, Baby Baluga is an adorable 2 year old Pug/Retriever mix who is waiting for a loving home! You can visit him at our PetSmart® Everyday Adoption Center in Parma on Ridge Road!, Our Kongs are empty! Our In-Kennel Enrichment program just acquired a new set of Kongs, and we are in urgent need of ingredients to fill them.  

We are in need of fruit or vegetable baby food, canned pumpkin, instant mashed potatoes, yogurt, cottage cheese, frozen bananas, and peanut butter. Once we stuff the Kongs with these foods, we freeze them so that it is more challenging for the dogs to get them out. The Kongs will provide our dogs with in-kennel mental stimulation, and will be used as an alternative to bowl feeding for dogs who need extra enrichment. Thank you!, As a part of our project STAR program, we will be holding playgroups for 2-3 dogs a few times every week! 

Today, Bella (1 year old) and Freckles (3 years old) met each other and became quick friends! The two had a blast running around the play yard with each other! Bella and Freckles are both looking for wonderful homes!, Juliet is a beautiful 8 year old who was brought to us as a stray. She is very sweet and will make a wonderful companion! Visit Juliet at the APL!, null, Freckles is a very handsome 3 year old Pointer/Bulldog mix who cannot wait to be your new best friend. Please share and help him find a home!, null, Today is the last day for $8 cat and kitten adoption fees!! Come to the APL and find your new best friend!, Are your looking for a furry companion? If so, visit the APL for the last days of our reduced cat & kitten adoption fee!, Puppypalooza will be here before you know it!! Purchase your tickets to bring your pooch to the ballpark!  http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp, Meet Amica, a 2 year old Coonhound mix available for adoption at our PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located at PetSmart in Parma. This pretty girl is playful, curious, and sweet!, Just a few days left to adopt a feline friend for only $8 at the Cleveland APL!, Learn more about Seneca, Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week!, This morning we had our first cat adoption at our PetSmart Charities Everyday Adoption Center! Robert and Helen came to our center yesterday and saw Little Bit. They did not adopt because they wanted to think about it and came back today to bring him home! 

After meeting with Little Bit for awhile, Robert came out of the Cat Meet and Greet Room and said that he guessed the cat was going home with them since he was sleeping on his wife’s purse! 

Robert and Helen are retired and are looking forward to having a cat in the house again. They had a cat about a year ago, named Kid, and he passed away after a long life (he was 20 years old).  Robert told our adoptions staff that he has 342 books that he has yet to read out of his collection of 3,000 and he is excited to have a cat to keep him company while he reads! :), Nimbus is a beautiful 2 year old who is waiting for a loving home. Nimbus is available for adoption at the Cleveland APL for an adoption fee of $25!, Check out these fantastic photos from our first adoption at the new PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located at PetSmart in Parma!

Dat, Mia and Melissa visited our PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center yesterday and found their new dog Shay! Mia saved up her first communion money to adopt a dog and paid us out of her own wallet.

They decided to keep the dog’s name Shay. Mia is excited to play with Shay in their yard. As Dat told our adoptions staff, “Pets are nice to have at home” and Melissa chimed in, “Everyone needs a pet!”, Are you looking to adopt a furry friend? Visit us at our new PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located at PetSmart in Parma at 6870 Ridge Road. We have dogs and cats available for adoption seven days a week! A BIG thank you to PetSmart and PetSmart Charities for providing the space and support!, Sara Dillenkofer, Clinic Coordinator shared a photo of her and her dog Lady at Hell Hollow!, Becca Britton, Program Manager of Project CARE shared a fun photo of her and her pooch:

"Sam was rescued from the Cleveland Kennel, and has since been my partner for the last 12 years! Sam is a spirited, loyal, and FUN companion. She enjoys swimming, climbing, and hiking!", How cute are Beast, Tiny, and Toya?! These three pooches are all APL alumni and APL Receptionist Audreana Moody's foster failures! Audreana shares, "My life has been blessed beyond words since they chose to adopt me!", Jessie Jarjabka, Animal Wellness & Transfer Coordinator wanted to share a photo of her family's dogs, Tucker & Beau (both APL alumni!). The photo was taken at Buzzard’s Cove in Hinckley earlier this summer. The dogs are always included on canine-friendly family outings. :), In honor of National Dog Day, we will be sharing our favorite pictures of our pooches! We hope you share yours with us as well! :), Bailey is an adorable 3 year old Hound mix who is looking for a loving forever home! Please share her photo!, Team Cleveland APL, pictured here with the Parma PetSmart Store Manager Chad, will be moving adoptable dogs and cats into our new PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) next week. It's located at 6870 Ridge Rd in Parma. Our dogs and cats will be there available for adoption whenever the store is open! Our EAC has been made possible by the generosity and commitment that PetSmart Charities and PetSmart share in helping homeless animals. We're only the 15th center to open in the entire US so we're VERY grateful and honored. Thank you PetSmart and PetSmart Charities!!!, Get Your Tickets for the Next Puppypalooza! http://t.co/OmDQRfo3OL, Shoo Fly is an adorable 3 year old Shih Tzu mix who is waiting for a loving home!, Don't forget ... we are celebrating Fox 8 News' Mark Zinni as our Celebrity of the Month by reducing cat and kitten adoption fees to just $8 in August! Come to the APL and adopt your new best friend!, Meet Hap. He is 10 years old and looking for someone to give him a happily ever after! Hap (and all cats and kittens) can be adopted for just $8 during the month of August!!, We have a lot of wonderful employment opportunities available at the Cleveland APL, working not only with the animals but for the animals in our fund-raising department! Check them out!, How adorable is Daisy?!! This 2 month old Terrier, American Pit Bull/Mix pup is waiting for her forever home! To view all of our animals that are currently available for adoption, visit http://www.clevelandapl.org/adoptions/, Lily and Spot are this week's Featured Furry Friends on Newsradio WTAM 1100!!, Filly is a fun-loving 6-year-old Lab mix. She has been in training through the project STAR behavior program and knows several basic cues such as sit, watch me, down, paw, stay, and leave it.  

Filly loves to go for long walks and to play chase in the yard.  Although she is 6, she still has lots of energy to burn. She would do well as part of an active family or as a loyal companion to a single person. She gets very excited to see other dogs, and she enjoys playing with them off leash in the yard. Filly is looking forward to finding her forever home!, Opie is a 3 year old Hound mix who was surrendered to us in July by his owner who could no longer care for him. He got along great with a dog who was in the home with him. Please help this adorable guy find his forever home by sharing his photo!, Haku is a beautiful, 10-year old Siamese that was brought into the APL back in May, one of 15 cats that her owner could no longer care for. She came to us covered in sores that are slowly healing and, as a result, she's a bit shy and leery of being pet. But she's VERY sweet once she gets to know you, and she'd be a great pet for a quiet household with no kids and someone willing to work to build her trust. She is pictured here relaxing and recovering in our adoptions office, just waiting for you to come and take her home!, Did you purchase your tickets for the next Cleveland Indians Puppypalooza game?! If not, you can get them here - http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp, Meet Nelly, a 6 and a half year old kitty who is waiting for a loving home. Nelly got along great with dogs in her previous home! Is Nelly the one for you? Remember, she can be adopted for just $8 in August!!, Sterling was brought into the APL by our humane investigations officers back in March, a very underweight and dirty (but terribly sweet) husky. Today he came back in to visit with his new family, looking beautiful and healthy! Thanks to those all those adopters who give our humane investigations animals a second chance at a healthy and loving life!, Spot (9yrs old) and Lilly (7yrs old) look like they could be brother and sister, but they'd never even met until today! And now they're having a blast behind the adoptions desk (as you can see from this picture)--they've been snuggling and playing with each other and like a couple of puppies! So if you're looking for a beagle, stop on down! They may be older, but they definitely are still puppies at heart!, We're pretty sure our little Falconet was channeling Katy Perry during her photo shoot with a volunteer yesterday. What do you think?, Some mornings when we come into the APL, we are caught off guard when a "new" dog magically appears. Poof Poof has been with us for about a week, and thanks to his makeover from a volunteer, he is completely unrecognizable from the over sized poof ball he used to be! Not only does he look dapper, but he is feeling great now that he is more comfortable. This handsome boy is currently available for adoption., Hope was adopted today!  We are so grateful that such a special, loving family decided to give this wonderful cat a home! It's a great day!, Can we find Cutie a family today?  She is a sweet, loving 6 month old female pit bull/mix available for adoption.  She really needs a calm home where she can gain confidence in herself and grow into a happy, goofy dog!, Project STAR's volunteer training is underway at the APL! Check out Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager teaching our volunteers clicker training with Gatling!, Don't forget ... we are celebrating Fox 8 News' Mark Zinni as our Celebrity of the Month by reducing cat and kitten adoption fees to just $8 in August! Come to the APL and adopt your new best friend!, Meet Bo Henry, a 4 year old who was surrendered to us in July. Bo is looking for a loving home and would do best in a home with no other cats. Bo can be adopted during the month of August for $8!, Sundance is a beautiful 6 year old who was brought to the APL as a stray. This adorable kitty can be your new best friend for just an $8 adoption fee during the month of August!, Mary Lynn was brought to the APL by our Humane Investigators after she was reportedly abandoned by her owner. She apparently had not been groomed for a long time and was suffering from severe neglect. Thanks to a volunteer here at the shelter, she got a complete make over before going to her new home on Tuesday!, Linus came in on May 1st with a severe case of mange. After more than three months of treatment and some TLC in a foster home, Linus is looking like a brand new dog! And better yet, he was adopted Monday by his new forever family!, Congratulations to our Volunteer of the Year award winners for 2012 - Karl Bloomstine, Jodi Nicolli, Dan Sandy, and Rick Simna!!

A big thank you to sponsors of our volunteer appreciation celebration event - La Bodega in Tremont, Moosehead Restaurant, and Mitchell's Homemade Ice Cream!

Also, thank you to volunteer photographer Scott Theus for capturing these wonderful photos!, Anthony doesn't know whether he is sleepy or not! What he does know is that he would LOVE to find a wonderful home! Anthony has been at the APL since April when he was brought in as a stray., This purrfect angel needs a home.  His name is Caleb and he just had his front leg amputated.  He is now moving around great and needs a home! He is also deaf, which in our opinion, is a bonus! He never wakes up during his naps and doesn't mind the vacuum running! Please come down and adopt, his adoption fee is $8!, We have exciting news to share! 10 year old Kifli was adopted today by a wonderful friend of the APL who wanted to give this sweet boy a happily ever after! <3, Puppypalooza is right around the corner! Purchase tickets for you and your pooch to attend the Cleveland Indians game on Monday, September 9 at 7:05pm! http://cleveland.indians.mlb.com/cle/ticketing/puppypalooza.jsp, Hope is an independent 12 year old who was surrendered to us in April. Her adoption fee is just $8 in August!! #adopt http://t.co/XwXmdf5wZl, Hope is an independent 12 year old who was surrendered to us in April. Hope gets along great with other cats and children. Her adoption fee is just $8 during the month of August! Please SHARE and help find this sweet girl her forever home!, We are thrilled to report that Buddy and Claudia were adopted together yesterday!!!, This adorable pup is Karli. She is a 7 month old Shepherd/Mix waiting for her forever home! Please share her photo!, Let's make today, Kitty's day! She's a 3 year old, front declawed, spayed and vaccinated feline available for adoption today, her adoption fee is only $8!She came to our shelter on February 16th and has been patiently waiting for her new family.  Meet her today!, Hope is a blind cat waiting to be adopted.She is 12 yrs old & in need of a good home. Please RT & help!
http://t.co/glHcWtzJDB, We're so happy our friend, SiriusXM's Nancy Alden stopped by!, Q104's Kelly McMann is here checking out all of the photo entries!, Q104 - Cleveland's Katherine Boyd is picking her favorite photos for our 2014 Pet Calendar!, Celebrity judging for our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest has started at the Cleveland APL! New 102 Cleveland's Tim Richards and Jen Toohey are working hard to pick their favorite photos!, Cinnamon Bun is a 1 and a half year old New Zealand rabbit who can't wait to find a loving home! She was surrendered to us all the way back in September. If you know someone who is looking to add a furry friend to their family, please share!, In honor of World Cat Day, we thought we would share a couple of our favorite photos of our office cats, Kobe and Ozzy! Do you have a favorite photo of your cat? If so, we would love to see it!, This cutie's name is Sparky. He is a 3 year old Pug/Beagle mix who is waiting for a loving home!, Fill in the blank:

My pet's favorite indoor activity is __________________., Bitsy is an adorable 10 month old Gerbil who has been available for adoption at the APL since February. If you are looking for a new furry friend to add to your family, Bitsy would be a perfect addition!, Simba is a handsome 5 year old who does well with other cats and children. During the month of August, Simba's (and all other cats and kittens) adoption fee is $8!, Meet Bella, a 3 year old Retriever, Labrador/Mix who is currently available for adoption. Bella does well with other dogs and has lots of energy!, Don't forget - all month long our cat and kitten adoption fees are reduced to $8 in celebration of Fox 8 News Morning Show Host Mark Zinni as our Celebrity of the Month!, Romanburger is a 6 year old Pug/Griffon who needs a loving home! He has been at the APL since early July and was transferred to us from another shelter. Please share his photo!, Today is the last day to enter your furry friend's photo into our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Claudia is taking a nap on her newly donated orthopedic dog bed.  Thanks to the Berry family, she's relaxing in comfort and style! Now, if we can just find her a home!, Ziti is a tiny, adorable terrier mix available for adoption!He has been neutered and vaccinated, however he does have a heart murmur. He would love to be adopted by a family that can take care of him and love him for the rest of his life.  Is that you?, 3 days left to make your furry friend a star!!! Don't forget to enter our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Buddy (12 years old - top right), Claudia (11 years old - top left), and Kifli (10 years old - bottom right) have been with us for quite some time. Buddy and Claudia are bonded and must be adopted together.

Buddy and Claudia's adoption fees have been sponsored by a generous donor. That means there is NO ADOPTION FEE for them - all we ask is that they go to a loving home.

Please share this post and help these three wonderful dogs find the forever homes they so deserve!, Anthony is a handsome 2 year old who was brought in as a stray back in April. With cat and kitten adoption fees reduced to just $8, now is the perfect time to adopt this sweet boy!, During the month of August, Fox 8 News Morning Show Host Mark Zinni and the Cleveland APL are encouraging Fox 8 viewers – and all area residents – to learn more about the rewards of adopting a pet. 

As a special and limited-time promotion, community members can adopt cats and kittens for only $8 throughout the month of August. Additionally, adopters can take a second feline friend home for just $20 (limited to two per household)., 5 days until the deadline for our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest!!! Enter your pet's photo today! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Noland, Lurlene and her kittens are really enjoying their time together in their foster home! :), This pretty girl is Miranda. She was recently brought in as a stray. Today is the last day cat, kitten, and rabbit adoption fees are just $10.40, so come to the APL and adopt today!!, Last week, the Cleveland APL Humane Investigators were called to assist authorities with a hoarding situation at a residence in a Cuyahoga County suburb. We received 33 cats from the property. 

UPDATE: The cats from the hoarding situation will have been here a little over a week. It’s amazing the difference that clean living conditions and access to food and water makes!, Snoop is an 8 month old Hound/mix who is waiting for his forever home! He does great with children! Is Snoop the one for you? If so, come visit him at the Cleveland APL!, 6 days left to enter your furry friend's photo into our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest! 

The entry fee is $25 per picture, and your pet’s picture is guaranteed to be included on the pages of the Cleveland APL’s 2014 calendar.  The entry fee also includes a copy of our full-color calendar, which will be mailed to you in November 2013.
http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Here is an update on project STAR:

The staff has received basic training about the project STAR behavior program, and we are holding volunteer orientations for existing volunteers in early August.  During the orientation, the volunteers will learn basic training techniques so that everyone can reinforce what the dogs are learning.  After that, we will be choosing some of the most outstanding volunteers to become project STAR volunteer dog trainers.

If you can't volunteer but would still like to help, we have an urgent need for training treats.  These can be small soft treats, hotdogs, or string cheese.  We also still need treat pouches for the volunteers to use.  Thank you to everyone who has already donated!  - Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager, If you love to help animals and want to make a difference in the lives of the thousands of homeless animals we help every year, the APL might be a perfect fit for you! Check out our current employment opportunities! http://www.clevelandapl.org/employment/, ATTENTION: Our Intake Receptionist, Sarah's dog is missing! Please share this information so she can find Penny. She is the most important thing in the world to Sarah and she would greatly appreciate any help you can give her! Sarah will give a reward to anyone who catches/gives her information that leads to her being brought home!

Name: Penny

Breed: Shepherd hound mix, APL dog

Age: 1 year

Physical description: Penny is mostly copper with black on her back, golden eyes.  Has hound floppy ears that are on the smaller side, very shepherd like body and coat. Approximately 55 lbs.

Owner name and number: Sarah Bradic, 216-970-9314

Lost from: Memorial Fields area on the Rocky River reservation in the Cleveland Metro Parks around 4:00/4:30 p.m. on Thursday July 25th

Last Metro Parks sighting: Tyler Barn running into the woods at 5:30 p.m. on Thursday July 25th

Other sightings: 6 p.m. running on Rocky River Drive by St. Joe’s in Cleveland (West Park area) on July 25th, “dusk” on Darmouth/Oxford before Kamm’s Corner on July 25th & 9 a.m. on Ferndale and W. 169th off of Rocky River Drive in Cleveland (West Park area) on Thursday July 26th.

Need to know:  Penny is very stranger shy and has an anxiety disorder, however she is completely non-aggressive.  Her fears also include bicycles, loud noises and children.  Penny is great with other dogs and cats (LOVES CATS!) and she is very gentle and sweet.  If seen, please try to corral her into a backyard or keep eyes on her and call 216-970-9314.  As far as I know she still has on her Batman collar with her personal ID tag (my name, her name and my phone number 216-970-9314), her 2013 county ID tag and her 2013 rabies vaccine tag., Meet Gus, a 4 year old Retriever, Labrador/Mix. He is house trained and has previously lived with another dog. Please share this handsome boy's photo and help him find a wonderful home!, Thank You Cleveland!!! Our total adoptions for the past two days are 124 cats, 14 dogs and 4 rabbits!  We are EXTREMELY grateful to everyone that came out and adopted!  A very special thank you to wonderful staff & volunteers that made this possible!, What can brighten up a grey Cleveland day? How about a kitten for only $5! Skip the expensive coffee and use that $5 to save a life and make a difference in the world!, You may remember Concord - he was good friends with Milton who we posted about a month ago. Well, now Concord has a new BFF ... Tilapia. The two bonded in foster. Tilapia is very outgoing, Concord is very shy … they are great together.

They both are still recovering from orthopedic issues but are ready to be adopted in a loving home together! - Dr. Lash, APL Veterinarian, Today we've already adopted out 30 cats, 3 dogs and 2 rabbits! We have so many more cats, kittens, dogs, rabbits, gerbils and mice that need to find homes as well.  We are open today until 6:30pm, so please come down and adopt! Remember, all cats & kittens are only $5!, Katherine, a beautiful 10 year old who has been at the APL since February, has found a home! The shy kitty warmed up to her new mom and immediately stole her heart. :), Another happily ever after at the Cleveland APL!, Looking for a way to help the APL?, We have lots of cats and kittens waiting for their forever homes! Come adopt a new feline friend for just $5 today and tomorrow only!!!, Today & tomorrow only, cats and kittens will be available for adoption for only $5 and a second cat or kitten for only $10.40 to honor our wonderful friends at Q104 - Cleveland who are our Celebrities of the Month! Visit the APL and adopt your new best friend!!!, Meet Kitty, a beautiful 3 year old who has been at the APL since February. With the $5 cat and kitten adoptions today and tomorrow, we sure hope she finds her forever home!!!, Remember, THIS FRIDAY & SATURDAY only, cats and kittens will be available for adoption for only $5 and a second cat or kitten for only $10.40 to honor our wonderful friends at  Q104 - Cleveland who are our Celebrities of the Month for July!, Cosmo is a 10 year old who was brought to us back in June. He previously lived with other cats. Please share Cosmo's photo and help him find his forever home! 

Remember, all cats and kittens can be adopted for just $5 this Friday and Saturday!, Our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest deadline has been extended to Sunday, August 4! Enter your furry friend's photo today! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, CooCoo Ca Chu is a 6 yr handsome male Cockatiel available for adoption.He is so much fun,loves to eat fruit and sing! http://t.co/Nxii0sz7TD, Can you help us?

We are in need of formula for our foster volunteers. Here are some brands you can look for:
- Esbilac (puppy)
- KMR (Kitten) 

Any brand is acceptable and we cannot take containers if they are opened! Thank you for your support!, Last week, the Cleveland APL Humane Investigators were called to assist authorities with a hoarding situation at a residence in a Cuyahoga County suburb.  So far, we’ve received 33 cats from the property and anticipate there will be more. This is on top of the other 131 cats we brought in last week alone who just needed a second chance.  With this sudden influx of dozens of cats at a time of year when we already struggle to keep up with the number of cats who need us, we need the community’s help. 

For that reason, this Friday and Saturday only, cats and kittens will be available for adoption for only $5 and a second cat or kitten for only $10.40 to honor our wonderful friends at Q104 who are our Celebrities of the Month for July and have been encouraging their listeners to adopt a cat or kitten from the APL.  Please help us spread the word so we can help these cats! (Regular adoption fees are $45 for adult cats and $95 for kittens.), Meet Stephen Pawkin, this sweet little angel came to us from another shelter. He had to have a mass cell tumor removed from his back leg.  We removed the tumor, neutered him and now he's ready to find a home.  He needs a special adopter that will continue his care and give him the life and love he deserves.  Is that you?, This beautiful girl is Creamsie. She is 3 years old and was brought in as a stray. Please share her photo and help her find a forever home..., Mickey is a handsome 5 year old who was surrendered to us with two other cats because their owner was moving and could not keep them. Mickey does well with other cats and children!, Sasha is a 3 year old who was brought to the APL as a stray at the beginning of May. You can give this sweetheart a loving home for just $10.40 through the rest of July!! Please SHARE!, Sophie, our amazing one-eyed dog, has had a bit of a rough life. So we are INCREDIBLY happy to report that she was adopted by a wonderfully sweet family today who can't wait to shower her with love! Thanks so much to our adopters for offering her up a new start at a joyful life!, Don't forget to enter your furry friend's photo into our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Cash and Sophie are playful pooches who are both available for adoption!

Cash (left) is about 10 months old, and was rescued from a puppy mill a number of months ago. He spent a few months in the home of the person who had pulled him before being transferred to our facility to begin looking for his forever home. He is very shy when meeting new people, but really comes out of his shell when he is with another dog.

Sophie is about a year old, and came from an abusive situation; her left eye was severely damaged some time ago and she never received medical treatment.

She was unable to see out of it and it was causing her severe discomfort. It was surgically removed shortly after she arrived. She, too, was very shy when she arrived, but has since come out of her shell. She really loves playing with other dogs., Mavis would really like to be adopted this weekend.She is a shy 1 yr old cat that came to us back in March.Please RT!
http://t.co/j9zxe6ZLiN, Good morning Cleveland!  We are open today from 10am-5pm! Our Offsite Team will be at Avon Petco from 12-3pm with dogs available for adoption. See you soon!, Make sure to enter your furry friend into the APL's 2014 Pet Calendar Contest! The deadline is one week from today!! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Looking for a furry addition to your family?? Well, now is the purrfect time to adopt! In celebration of Q104 - Cleveland's support, all month long, we are Rockin’ Adoptions and dropping our adoption fee to $10.40 for all cats, kittens, and rabbits!, Meet Angus, a 4 year old Beagle/Terrier mix. He was transferred to us from another kennel. Angus can't wait to enjoy the rest of the summer with his new family, so please SHARE his photo and help him find them!, This precious kitty's name is Carmen and she is 2 years old. She was found as a stray and brought to us in May. Carmen can be your loving companion for a $10.40 adoption fee in July!!, The Mp3 player that was generously donated to us by Rescue Animal Mp3 Project has been playing on the adoption floor for a few weeks now, and there is a noticeable difference in the noise level of the kennels.  

When the speakers (that were donated to us by a generous individual) were first hooked up, every dog quieted almost immediately.  The music plays all day and turns off at night, thanks to the timer that is attached to the player.  The Mp3 player is part of Project S.T.A.R.’s effort to reduce the stress level of the dogs in the shelter., We have exciting news to share! Our new Dog Behavior and Training Program is being launched as Project S.T.A.R. (Shelter Training for Adoption and Rehoming).  

We are educating staff and volunteers about the impact training can have on a dog’s likelihood of adoption.  Everyone will be involved in reinforcing the good behaviors that the dogs in the program are learning.  We are very excited about this effort to increase our rates of successful adoption! - Lisa Musca, Dog Behavior Manager, We think this is something you might be able to relate to... :), Chewy is a sweet 5 year old kitty. He does well with other cats and children. Chewy can't wait to find a loving home and is available for adoption for $10.40 through the rest of July!, Senior dogs Gumdrop, Buddy, and Claudia love hanging out together but are ready to go home!, Have you entered your furry friend's photo into our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest? Visit http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/ for more information!, Jersey can't wait to find her forever home and show her new family how to "give paw"! This 5 year old German Shepherd/Beagle mix is currently available for adoption, so please share her photo!, This beauty is Scarlette O'Hara. She is a year old and was surrendered to us as a stray. Do you have room in your home to adopt this pretty girl for just $10.40??, July is National Anti-Boredom Month. What do you do with your pet to keep from getting bored?, Look who Halo Pets is talking about! http://halopets.com/freekibble/donation111.html, Scrappy is a 2 year old hound mix who came to the APL in early June. One of our Humane Investigations officers had removed him from an extremely neglectful home.

Scrappy was extremely underweight when he arrived at the shelter, and his skin was raw from fleas and living in his own waste. Scrappy was quiet and unsure, but never gave staff any problems.

During his first week receiving regular meals, Scrappy gained nearly ten pounds.

Today, Scrappy is happy, healthy, and a favorite among staff and volunteers. He has really come out of his shell! He is affectionate, playful, and walks wonderfully on a leash. This guy is currently available for adoption, and ready to start a brand new life. 
- Jessie, Animal Wellness & Transfer Coordinator, This pretty girl is Marie. She is two years old and was brought in as a stray. Marie has been at the shelter since May and would love to find a home soon! Remember, her adoption fee, along with all other cats, kittens, and rabbits is only $10.40 in July!, Remember to keep your furry friends safe from the heat! If you know someone who leaves their pets in the car, share this important information with them. Yours could be the voice that makes the difference., Attention adopters: Do you think your pooch would make a great Therapy Dog? If so, please consider attending Hospice of the Western Reserve's Pet Therapy Evaluation Class on Saturday, August 24!, We have filled one position, but still have several positions available at our shelter, as well as at the new PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center in Parma! The Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) is set to open in August. Check out all of the employment opportunities at: http://www.clevelandapl.org/employment/, Meet Annie, an adorable 6 month old pup! She was transferred to us from another kennel. Please share and help this sweetheart find a family!, Have you entered your furry friend's photo yet? http://e2.ma/message/gndxg/opkefb, Not only is Gumdrop a great dog, but she's smart enough to know that flowers are the key to a girl's heart..., Meet Gumdrop! Isn't she soo cute?!  She is a 6 yr old Bassett Hound that is sweet, adorable, gentle and oh so loving. Her adoption fee is only $50! Come down and meet her today!, It's perfect weather to be outside supporting adoption! Our Offsite Team will be at the Frostville Farmers Market in Olmsted Falls from 9-1pm & at the Hunter Jumper Classic in Chagrin Falls from 10-3pm! Enjoy the day and adopt!, Do you have any plans for the weekend? How about bringing the family down to the Cleveland APL and adopting a cat, kitten, or rabbit for just $10.40! This adoption fee is reduced during the whole month of July, so come and ADOPT!, While summertime is fun and carefree, the sun we love so much poses real dangers to animals. Learn more - http://www.clevelandapl.org/caution-summer-heat/, The deadline to enter your furry friend into our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest is just 2 weeks from today!! PLEASE SHARE! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, null, Buddy is a sweet 5 year old Pomeranian waiting to meet you! He's adorable, loving and oh so cute! We are open today from 11am-6:30pm, come down and meet Buddy!, Electra is a 2 year old kitty who was brought to us as a stray. Electra's (along with all cats, kittens, and rabbits) adoption fee is just $10.40 during the month of July!! Come adopt this precious girl!, Styx found his forever home today!  Here he is with his new mom and dad.  We couldn't ask for a better family to take this very loving Chihuahua into their home. Yay Styx!, Best news of the week: Vixen (a black cat who's been here for 7 looooooooong months and, in that time, has managed to make herself a staff favorite) finally got adopted! Yay to a new mom AND a new cat buddy!, Hurry! It's not too late to make your furry friend a STAR! Enter your pet's photo into our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest - http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Max is an adorable 2 year old Welsh Corgi, Cardigan/Shepherd mix waiting for his forever home. Please RT! http://t.co/xkGrvFBETm, Max is an adorable 2 year old Welsh Corgi, Cardigan/Shepherd mix waiting for his forever home. He does great with other dogs! This pup would love to go home soon, so please share his photo!, If you have not had a chance, check out all of the photos from Project CARE's first outreach event!

Overall, 60 cats and 347 dogs were vaccinated, wormed, flea treated.

We also had 126 total spay-neuter signups!, Are you looking for a rewarding job helping homeless animals? We are hiring for positions at our new PetSmart Everyday Adoption Center (EAC) located in Parma (opening in August), as well as at our shelter! Check out all of the exciting employment opportunities at http://www.clevelandapl.org/employment/, Noland and Lurlene's kittens love to play! See them in action! :), We have lots of cats and kittens available for adoption for just $10.40 during the whole month of July! What a low price to pay for all of the love and joy they bring! View all of our adoptable animals at http://www.clevelandapl.org/adoptions/, Kalki was adopted today!  Here he is with his new mom!  Thanks for adopting this awesome pup!, Don't forget! All cats, kittens, and rabbits have adoption fees of only $10.40 all month long in celebration of Q104 - Cleveland's jocks as our "Celebrities of the Month"!! Come adopt your new best friend at the APL!, How sweet is Taffy?! She is a one and a half year old Dachshund, Standard Wire Haired/Terrier that does well with cats. This adorable girl is ready to find a loving home!, Brownie Cheesecake is a 4 year old, fun-loving gal who loves to snuggle! She was featured as Average Joe’s APL “Tail Of The Week” this week!  http://q104.cbslocal.com/2013/07/08/average-joes-apl-tail-of-the-week-12/, "Like" if you agree! :), If anyone is able to help, we are in need of at least 10 of these training pouches for our Dog Behavior Volunteer Program. They can be purchased at any pet store. 

We are also in need of small, soft treats and mozzarella string cheese for our dogs in training. Thanks for your support! - Lisa, Dog Behavior Manager, Did you enter your pet's photo into our Pet Calendar Contest yet? If not, you still have time! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Boomer is a 5 year old Beagle mix who is waiting for his forever home! Boomer does great with children and cats. Please share his photo and help Boomer find a great home!, More good news! Our little Ewok has a new buddy, and a new mama too!, Our office cat Vlad couldn't be more excited! He found his fur-ever home today! He's going to have several cat-friends, including a 23-pound cat!! Thanks to his adopters for making our day!, Finn was Newsradio WTAM 1100's Featured Furry Friend this week! Check it out!, Helmets & Hounds is tomorrow! Take your dog to the Cleveland Gladiators: AF1 game this Saturday! http://bit.ly/15dMxHU, The deadline to turn in your furry friend's photo for our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest is just 3 weeks away!! Spend a little time this weekend snapping a great picture of your pet! Your photo entry will be featured in the calendar honoring our area’s much-loved pets! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, We hope everyone had a wonderful 4th of July! How did you and your pet enjoy the holiday? Were they afraid of the fireworks?, This pretty kitty is Katherine. She is a 10 year old who was brought to the APL as a stray in February. Please help Katherine find a great home this holiday weekend! Her adoption fee is only $10.40 during the month of July!, Happy 4th of July to you and your furry friends from all of us at the Cleveland APL!, Less than a month left to make your pet a star!! Get all the details on how to enter your furry friend into the APL's 2014 Pet Calendar Contest! http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Four kittens sleeping in their kennel, waiting to be adopted. It does not get any cuter than this! Each little kitten is available for only $10.40!No more waiting, adopt today!, Noland got to try semi-solid food for the first time yesterday. Needless to say, we think he liked it. :), Keep these tips in mind when celebrating the 4th with your pet tomorrow!, We wish everyone a safe and happy 4th of July tomorrow!, Kifli is a 10 year old Chow Chow/Shepherd mix. He was transferred to us from another kennel. Do you have room in your home and heart for this adorable dog?, Take your dog to the Cleveland Gladiators: AF1 game this Saturday for Helmets & Hounds! http://bit.ly/15dMxHU, Jolly Rancher is a 4 year old who has been with us since April. His adoption fee is only $10.40 in July!! http://t.co/6X6C7FcQwf, Jolly Rancher is a 4 year old who has been with us since April. His (and all other cats, kittens, and rabbits) adoption fee is only $10.40 during the month of July!!, If you know this dog, please contact the Cleveland APL at 216-771-4616, ext. 0., Our 2014 Pet Calendar contest's deadline is quickly approaching! Make sure to get in your furry friend's photo entry before Friday, July 26! View all of the details http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/, Noland, Lurlene, and her kittens are all doing well! Noland is starting to walk and his kitten "sisters" are beginning to play! Mama Lurlene is also doing wonderful!, Meet Max, an 8 year old Rottweiler mix waiting for his forever home. Max is a sweet and fun-loving guy that would be a wonderful member of any family!, null, null, Did you know you can bring your dog to the Cleveland Gladiators: AF1 game on Saturday, July 6th? Make sure to order your tickets at groups.theqarena.com/APL!, Our Offsite Team will be at the Parma Heights Library from 11am-3pm with Dogs, Cats & Kittens available for adoption! If you're in the Cleveland area, stop by our shelter, we are open from 10am-5pm!, Check out Kifli riding home from @WEWS w/ @TrentMWeather & @JoshBoosewews!He's waiting to be adopted today!Come down! http://t.co/QkxPY0rcZm, Great work is done every day by our amazing Veterinary team! Go behind the scenes at the APL with this touching story of Milton & Concord.

Concord (orange & white) was a stray that was found at a barn.  He had drug himself there with two broken legs and a wounded third leg. Concord has been with us recovering and healing.  He is a bit shy, but very sweet and he loves other cats.

Milton came in through our Humane Investigations Department.  His rear leg was missing from the ankle down and bone was exposed.  He had an emergency amputation.  We almost lost Milton twice during his recovery, but now he is big and healthy. He came in when he was about 6 weeks old and missed out on some critical socialization.

We recognized the socialization needs of both cats and introduced them. They became quick friends. Once the met, they each seemed to recover faster. Milton has recovered to the point of being available for adoption but Concord still needs about a month of care in a foster home.

Fostering a wonderful way to help animals at the APL that are in need of care, but is not a permanent commitment. If you are interested in fostering, please contact Foster Care Coordinator, Morganne Kaster at foster@clevelandapl.org or call 216-377-1635., Looking for something fun to do over the weekend? Stop by Sephora in Beachwood Place on Saturday from 1 to 6pm or Sunday from 2 to 6pm to learn about all of the ways you can help the APL! There will be raffle baskets and you can even say hello to some wonderful APL volunteers who will be there!, What is the difference between a feral cat and stray cat?

Generally speaking a feral cat is wild or undomesticated cat. These cats are quiet and keep their distance from humans. Feral cats have typically lived outside all their life and have not experienced contact with humans.

Stray cats are more tame and comfortable around people. They may be shy or timid at first, but most will warm up to people given time. All strays have at one time had human contact or some may have had a home.

Whether stray or feral, all outdoor cats need to be spayed/neutered to help control the population. Please help us control the population by getting the outdoor cats spayed and neutered through the APL’s Trap Neuter Return (TNR) program http://www.clevelandapl.org/tnr/. Please call 216-377-1624 for more information. - Sara, Animal Welfare Clinic, A BIG thank you to La Bodega for donating food for Project CARE's first outreach event tomorrow! La Bodega is located in the Tremont neighborhood. Check out their website at  http://www.labodega-tremont.com/.  To learn more about Project CARE, visit http://www.clevelandapl.org/project-care/., Come to the APL and adopt a new furry friend! Cats and kittens are available for adoption TODAY ONLY for $5!!! We are open for adoption until 6:30pm., Look at all of the kittens and cats at the APL waiting for their forever homes! Today is the last day in June for $5 feline adoptions!!! All cats and kittens are available for adoption today only for $5!! We are open from 11am until 6:30pm., Don't forget - tomorrow we will have $5 Feline adoptions!!! That's right - all cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced tomorrow to just $5 in celebration of WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas as our Celebrity of the Month in June!, Remember Princess? She's an 8 year old Toy Poodle mix who was waiting for her forever home. Well, guess what? She found it! She was adopted on Sunday and now lives on 5 peaceful acres in Pittsburgh and has 2 fur sisters to live out her golden years with. :), Vixen came to us as a stray all the way back in December. She is a really sweet 3 and a half year old who does great with other cats. Please help us find a forever home for Vixen!, This Friday we will have $5 Feline adoptions!!! That's right - all cat and kitten adoption fees will be reduced Friday to just $5 in celebration of WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas as our Celebrity of the Month in June! Please SHARE!, Buddy and Claudia are 12 & 11 year old Beagle mixes who were surrendered together. It would be wonderful if these two pals could find a great home together! Please share and help give them a happy ending!, One month left to enter your photo(s) in the 2014 Cleveland APL Calendar Contest - submissions are due Friday, July 26!  http://www.clevelandapl.org/2014calendar-entry/

Are you ready to take that perfect picture?
Check to make sure:
- Your camera is set to take high resolution photos
- There are no people or people body parts in the photo 
- The photo is horizontal, not vertical, Ewok is an adorable 2 year old Terrier mix who was transferred to us from another kennel. Do you have room in your home for this handsome boy?, This is a photo of the MP3 player that was generously donated to us by Rescue Animal Mp3 Project. We would love to get this playing music on our dog adoption floor, but we are still in need of speakers! The speakers we need must have an RCA (red and white) input to plug the player into. If you or someone you know has an extra set of speakers, please consider donating them to us!, We are so grateful we have received an MP3 player for our shelter from Rescue Animal Mp3 Project! The MP3 player is pre-loaded with soothing music for the dogs in their kennels. We will be using it on the adoption floor. For more information, visit: http://rescueanimalmp3.org/, Look! We have lots more pictures to share from Puppypalooza!, Red  is a 14 year old sweetheart who is at the APL waiting for his forever home. http://t.co/2sJpzPNJb5, Red is a 14 year old sweetheart who is at the APL waiting for his forever home. He was surrendered due to his owner's allergies. Red did great with kids, dogs, and other cats in his previous home. Please consider giving this boy the loving home that he so deserves!, Rosco, a staff favorite, finally found his fur-ever home on Sunday after nearly 3 months at the APL! Hooray!!!, Lurlene, her kittens, and Noland are all doing well! One of Noland’s eyes opened today! :), Kitten season is in full swing at the APL!, Peppers (3 years old) and Buddy (5 years old) were surrendered to us together and are the best of friends. They would love to find a great home soon! The adoption fee for these two pals is $300., Don't forget to enter your furry friend in our 2014 Pet Calendar Contest!, We are open today from 10am-5pm,come down & adopt! We will also be at Mentor Petco for Kitten Fest today from 11-3pm! http://t.co/ibKuN4D4QF, 29 cats have been adopted so far!Make sure to take advantage of our $5 cat promo happening today! We're open until 6:30pm.@JasonNweather, We have $5 feline adoptions today! We are open for adoptions from 11am to 6:30pm today! http://t.co/MqFtjoWbAK, In celebration of WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton's Jason Nicholas as our Celebrity of the Month, we have $5 feline adoptions today! We are open for adoptions from 11am to 6:30pm today!, Adopt a cat or kitten at the APL for just $5 tomorrow!! Please SHARE!, Juan is an adorable and playful 1 year old who is ready to find a loving adopter! For the next 3 and a half hours, Juan can be adopted for only $50!!! Please share and help Juan find a home!, Ben, one of our top earning Q Cash Kids, stopped in for a visit today and generously brought a bag of treats with him! At the age of 8, Ben sets a great example for all of us! Thank you, Ben!, Gunner is a 2 and a half year old Rottweiler/Shepherd who was surrendered because his owners did not have enough time for him. He is crate trained, and did great with the young children in his previous home. Gunner and dogs over 5 months can be adopted TODAY for just $50!!!, Great news—Watermelon was at the County Kennel and is on her way back here now! Thank you to everyone who shared her photo and information! :), Red is a 10 month old who was transferred to us from another kennel. Today is the last day Red (and all dogs over 5 months) will have an adoption fee of $50! Come to the APL and meet Red today!, Check out this heartwarming story of teamwork, survival and love that's taking place right now, right here at the Cleveland APL!  YES, even our cats are a part of our lifesaving work! We should all be so welcoming to living creatures in need ... thank you, Lurlene and family ..., Tomorrow is the last day of dog adoptions for dogs over 5 months for just $50!! Come to the APL today or tomorrow and adopt your new best friend!, Have you seen this dog? If so, please contact us!!, null, null, null, null)