List(Hop on down to Lakota Bakery for some sweet Easter cookies!, null, Your Irish eyes will be smiling when you try our new Seamus the shortbread shamrock cookie!!! Now available through St. Patricks Day🍀, null, We have super cute groundhogs, polar bears, and penguin shortbreads!, Lakota Bakery at Boston Public Market this Saturday and Sunday 8 am to 8 pm!  After Sunday, you can visit our bakery in Arlington for all your Christmas cookies, we will have plenty!!  Thanks to all our wonderful customers and happy holidays!, Lakota Bakery holiday table at the Boston Public Market!!  Cookies from Lakota Bakery are on everyone's wish list, now you can get them for your family and friends at the Boston Public Market until Christmas.  Stop by anytime Wednesday to Sunday 8 am to 8 pm!, null, Happy Veteran's Day! We would like to thank all of our amazing veterans for their service by giving them a free cookie today!, Yummy Mummies !!!! Specially decorated chocolate vanilla sandwitches!!, Spooktacular cookie tray for tonight's Taste of Arlington!, null, Happy 4th of July from us at Lakota Bakery!, Father's day tie cookies! !!, We hope all of our wonderful customers have a happy Memorial Day!
    Introducing our new delicious cake bite flavors:

Vanilla - Golden cake and vanilla buttercream dipped in white  
Marble - Golden cake, chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream dipped in dark  
Golden Raspberry - Golden cake and raspberry buttercream dipped in white 
Chocolate PB - Chocolate cake and peanut butter buttercream dipped in dark, null, null, Go Red Sox!!, null, Fill up your Easter baskets with our beautiful assortment of chocolate bunnies and eggs!!, null, null, Valentine's day would not be complete without some sweet treats for your sweetheart!, Score one for your tastebuds  with our delicious football buttercookies, Our holiday hours are:
Sun. Dec. 22: 12-5
Mon. Dec. 22: 8:30-8
Tues. Dec. 23: 8:30-8
Wed. Dec. 24: 8-3
Thurs. Dec. 25: closed
Fri. Dec. 26: closed
Sat. Dec. 27: 10-6
Happy Holidays!, null, Give thanks with some delicious Lakota cookies and we hope you all  have a wonderful Thanksgiving!! 
(Pictured  here are our shortbread turkeys, tee-pees, footballs, oak leaves, maple leaves, and squirrels), Happy Veterans Day! We would like to thank all of you amazing Veterans for your service. Please stop by for a free cookie today! 🇺🇸, Halloween would not be complete without some of our SPOOKY shortbread!, We have another winner !!! 😄, null, Lucky winner of the week! Try your chances again starting Tuesday!, Cake bites! Our newest creation made with our scrumptious cake!, Congratulations to our first winner!!!! There will be another chance to win starting Monday! Good luck!, MMMMM...FREE COOKIES! 
Every week, one lucky Lakota customer will win a gift certificate for a dozen cookies  to be used on their next visit! 
All you have to do is come down and purchase a box of cookies for the chance to win. Hope you are the lucky winner!, Anyone in the mood for a tuxedo?, Feed the Green Monster in you with our baseball shortbread!!!, Coffee lovers rejoice! Try our new coffee creme cookie--two chocolate wafers filled with a delectable creamy coffee ganache. Yum!, Here's a peek at the inside of our coconut almond joy!!, Come meet the new star of our summer shortbread collection- our cinnamon sugar starfish, Come try one of our staff favorites the caramel chewie!  😄, Summer wouldn't be complete without our adorable and delicious shortbread cookies!, 4th of July wouldn't be complete without some of our delicious shortbread star cookies! 🇺🇸🎉, Our *limited edition* Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches--two buttery wafers filled with peanut butter buttercream and raspberry buttercream, drizzled with peanut buttery white chocolate, and sprinkled with peanuts. Our take on the classic PB&J! Stop by and try one!, Celebrate Fathers Day with a shortbread tie!, Mother's Day is this Sunday, and we have these lovely, scrumptious shortbread flowers to help celebrate moms everywhere.  Here's to all the great moms, it's our turn to make cookies for you ♡ ☺ ♡!, Our *limited edition* Raspberry Shortcake sandwiches--two buttery wafers filled with raspberry buttercream and drizzled with white chocolate. Perfect for Spring!, Celebrate Easter with our festive selection of cookies!!!, Every April on the 3rd Monday the Boston Marathon takes place, it's a celebration of runners' determination and a great community event.  It was 11 years ago that Lakota Bakery starting making these feet cookies for the entire Dana Farber Marathon Team, a group of 600 runners (this year 750) who run to raise money for cancer research.  Today is the anniversary of last year's horrific bombing and our thoughts and prayers go out to those who lost a loved one and all those who suffered personal injuries.  Feet cookies will be available at Lakota Bakery all week with all proceeds going to the One Fund Boston for the victims.  The spirit of the Boston Marathon will persevere.  Best wishes to everyone involved in this year's Boston Marathon, runners, volunteers, and spectators., Come on down to Lakota to choose from our 7 choices of flourless cookies for Passover !!, Show your team spirit with one of our sports cookies, Saturday we'll be selling these special firetruck cookies, all proceeds to benefit the Walsh/Kennedy memorial fund. We love all of our firefighters and the sacrifices they make for us!, Celebrate St. Paddy's day with some of our lucky shamrock cookies!, Pistachio valentine hearts. ..perfect for your sweetheart.  We are open till 8pm., Lakota Bakery on America's Test Kitchen - our florentine cookies are featured on this episode which will show on most PBS stations in the country this week, in Boston on WGBX Monday at 7:30 and Saturday on WGBH at 3. But here is a link to the show, (the video file might be too big for phones), we are the first minutes of the show. http://www.americastestkitchen.com/episode/410-from-an-italian-bakery If the link doesn't work try www.americastestkitchen.com and click to watch TV shows and scroll to number 1406. It was fabulous to have them at the bakery and you can see how we make florentines and even the role a hockey plays in it all! Thanks again to Doc and everyone at ATK!, Groundhog day is coming!  Think he’ll see his shadow?, Show your love with one of our x-tra large, chocolate dipped shortbread hearts!!, null, Getting game ready! GO PATS!, Dipping our most popular cookie the Florentine, Decorating Old School Peanut Butter cookies, one of our favorites!!, 2013, Everyone loves to gobble down a cookie treat from Lakota Bakery!  We are open until 8 pm Wednesday.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!, Lakota Bakery Trick or Treaters 2013, We were thrilled at Lakota Bakery to have America's Test Kitchen come in to film an episode about florentine cookies.  I took Doc Willoughby, the executive editor of ATK and Cook's Illustrated magazine through the process of making florentines.  The Arlington Advocate newspaper was there to record the event as well and in the next edition were were the front page news!!!, The Holidays without Lakota Bakery cookies would be unbearable!!  Come in and get plenty for your friends and family!                             
Holiday Hours:
Mon Dec. 17th thru Fri Dec. 21st    8:30 am to 8 pm
Sat Dec. 22nd - 9 am to 7 pm
Sun Dec. 23rd - 12 pm to 5 pm
Mon Dec. 24th - 8 am to 3 pm

Dec. 25th and 26th - Closed     Happy Holidays!, null, Trick or Treat,
Need something sweet?
Come to Lakota to make your Halloween complete!, Elizabeth Warren made a surprise visit to Lakota Bakery today!!  She brought her two adorable granddaughters with her to sample our cookies.  Lakota Bakery wishes Elizabeth all the best in her US Senate race!, Come on in for our yummy selection of sunny summer cookies!!, Happy Independence Day!  Thanks to everyone who came out to get cookies for their Fourth of July festivities!, Happy Father's Day!  Shortbread ties dipped in chocolate., Happy Mother's Day!, Hop on in to Lakota Bakery for some eggceptional Easter cookies!!, St Paddy's Day cookies - Lucky for everyone that we have plenty of shamrock cookies at Lakota Bakery!!  SHAMWOW!, Chocolate Valentine tuxedo!, Large Valentine shortbread hearts for your sweetheart <3, Polar bears n penguins!, Tired of the same old box of chocolates for your Valentine? Come on down for a box of delicious Valentine's Day cookies!, Super Bowl parties Sunday!  Get your delicious football cookies for your guests...pre-order for large quanties. GO PATS!, Do you think Punxsutawney Phil will see his shadow? Come down for some super cute groundhog cookies!, null, Happy Holidays to all!  We are open Christmas Eve 8:00am-3:00pm, Caramel Chewies about to go in the oven!  Our Caramel Chewies are the best - bar none!!, 24 days of Happy Holiday Cookies!  Yum!!, Gobble...gobble...gobble! Plenty of cookies for your Thanksgiving feast : ), Come try our one and only fudge pecan pie!, null, null, null, Come gobble up our fall cookies!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN!, Best cookies in town no bones about it!, All eyes on our halloween cookies!, null, Don't forget only 8 more days to enter our 20th anniversary raffle - 20 winners will be drawn who will each win a  Lakota bakery gift certificate for 2 dozen cookies!, One of our youngest regular customers enjoying one of our delicious  snickerdoodle cookies! : ), Fly on down like a bat out of hell to taste our halloween cookies!, Come pick out some pumpkins from our pumpkin cookie patch!, null, null, null, Racks stacked with cookies!, null, null, null, About a year ago, Phantom Gourmet featured Lakota Bakery in one of its segments. If you missed it, watch the clip, take a virtual tour of our bakery, and meet some of the friendly staff!, null, null)