List(null, Join us to celebrate 2016 with complimentary champagne on New Years Eve during dinner service., Purchase gift card of $50 or more, get an extra gift card with 10% of your pruchase, null, Our Lynnfield location has turned one, yay!!, Our sister restaurant got a face lift and closed down for GHOSTBUSTERS!!, Sushi special set $28 limited offer only
Salmon sushi with miso crumb 
Hamachi sushi with ume-shiso 
Negitoro sushi with jalapeno 
Torched-toro sushi topped with unagi sauce
California Uni with ikura sushi

Showdown of Nigiri. Are you ready?, Happy birthday!, It's National Sushi Day! Come visit us and celebrate, complimentary appetizer during dinner hours!!!, null, Fresh Alaskan King crab just arrived! Come join us and enjoy experience Alaskan King Crab expertly prepared by our chefs!, Can't decide on what to get? Try our Sushi Tasting Set and have it all! 😋, Uni ikura don 😋😋😋, Come join us and experience our new dishes! 

Ankimo lollipop $8.75
Treasure ship $9
Mount Fuji maki &20, null, Cream puffs addiction?, Only for today ! vanilla based crepe cake with strawberry sauce on the side !, Due to the snow storm, we will be closing tomorrow for lunch 2/15/15 and will open for dinner at 5. Stay safe everyone!, null, Awabi (abalone) set ! Limited quantity only, Due to the snow storm, we will be closing early tonight by 9:30pm Sorry for any caused inconvenience. Stay safe everyone!, We are open for business, come on in if you are a brave soul, otherwise call us or order online and we'll bring the sushi to you., Due to the winter storm, we are going to be closed tomorrow Tuesday, 2/3/2015 for LUNCH (only) and will be opened at dinner time 5pm. Stay safe and warm everyone!, Rainbow shots, Home made Green Tea Crepe cake ! Limited offer per day!, Due to the snow storm, we will be closing early tonight by 9:30pm and will remain closed tomorrow Tuesday 1/27/15. Sorry for any caused inconvenience. Stay safe everyone!, null, Yes! Still moving!, Live scallop and mirugai for this weekend !, From all of us at FuGaKyu, wish everyone a Happy and Yummy 2015., null, 😱 3 More Days!  Looking for last minute gift ideas?  Come get a Fugakyu gift card!  With every gift card purchase, you get an additional 10% added value (limited time offer only).  You can also order through www.fugakyu.net.  Wishing you all a happy holiday season😊, Happy New Years!!! 
Come celebrate your New Years Eve with us!     
Complimentary champagne for our dine-in customers on New Years Eve!
 
  Only from 3:00PM to 1:30AM   
Make a Reservation now 
http://www.opentable.com/fugakyu-japanese-cuisine-reservations-brookline?rid=40729&restref=40729, null, Live tsubugai. , live amaebi , live spiny lobster ! Fresh & yummy !, yummy!, Our boats sailing it's way into your tummies😋, King crab party tonight !, Starting today during the month of December, any gift card purchase of $50 and up will get a bonus card with 10% purchased amount.

HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!, We are closed on Thanksgiving Day and will be open Friday. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!, come and try our spiny lobster !, null, Yummy !!!, Tonight special . Live Uni $18 each ! Come now before too late !, Live shrimp / scallop / king crab / jumbo lobster The only Japanese cuisine in Boston you can have everything live !, 10/28-11/4 try our Tuna affair at Brookline location ! $20 for 1pc tuna 1pc Chu-toro 1pc toro and 1pc tuna poke taco! Tuna lover it's time to make reservation, null, MYSTERY JAR IS BACK!!!

During the month of August come have a great meal with us between 10 pm and 1:30 am, spend $50.00 or more and we'll bring our Midnight Mystery Jar to your table. It's filled with goodies guaranteed to please you - and the best part? Everyone is a winner !, null, Craving some late night munchies? Can't decide between getting a burger or making some ramen?

Now you can get the best of all worlds! 

For a LIMITED time only, get an order of Ramen Sliders at Fugakyu! 

From Monday through Sunday, after 10pm, enjoy an order of 2 Ramen Sliders for only $10.00! 

Don't leave your cravings hanging!, http://boston.cityvoter.com/fugakyu/biz/2426, Good news for all you parents out there! Starting tomorrow, we will be serving our brand new kids menu! We will have both lunch ($8) and dinner ($11) menus available for all your hungry little ones.

Also, don't forget to sign up for our emailing list to be the first to receive new updates from FuGaKyu! 

http://fugakyu.fbmta.com/members/UpdateProfile.aspx?Action=Subscribe, March Madness starts tonight ! Come in and get CrAzY with us !! So worth it ! See you soon !, Go Mad for Sushi in March !

A Limited Engagement!!

March 16th - 31st

Come and enjoy our Four Course Prix-Fixe Meal for $35.00 !

Can you really resist ?!, Trust is Gained, Loyalty is Returned!

Introducing our *NEW* Loyalty Rewards Card ! 

Present your Rewards Card when dining at any of our FuGaKyu locations and we'll keep track of your expenditures ! Every 200 points you collect, your card will be credited with a.... $10.00 Reward! Come sign up !!, Thank you to everyone who came out to FuGaKyu last night ! We did premiere our Midnight Mystery Jar ! So many happy winners, especially, Marino and his friends who won a $50.00 gift card ! Congratulations you guys ! Test your luck every night from 10pm - 1:30am ! See you tonight !, Let the games BEGIN !

Come have a great meal with us between 10 pm and 1:30 am, spend $50.00 or more and we'll bring our Midnight Mystery Jar to your table. It's filled with goodies guaranteed to please you - and the best part? Everyone is a winner !, Hey late night FuGaKyu Fans! 

Valentines Day is over but our love for you continues! To show you, we're starting a new promotion on February 20th just for you night owls!

All you have to do is come have a great meal with us between 10 pm and 1:30 am, spend $50.00 or more and we'll bring our Midnight Mystery Jar to your table. It's filled with goodies guaranteed to please you - and the best part? Everyone is a winner !

So next time you need a midnight sushi fix, come to 1280 Beacon St., right here in Brookline, to satisfy your craving !

FuGaKyu - the only restaurant where you can get lucky any night of the week!

Don't forget to be kept updated by joining our mailing list by signing up at:

www.fugakyu.net , Another Northeaster?!! Don't want to go out but crave for sushi.

Place a delivery order @ www.fugakyu.net or call (617) 738-1268 and let us bring them to you., Hungry and can't wait and it's too cold to go out? 

Visit www.fugakyu.net or call us at 617-734-1280 to place your order directly with us for faster delivery and no upcharge on items. 

Our delivery fee is only $5.99! 

Stay warm everyone! , Despite the snow, we are open for dinner tonight! :), We will be open tonight (2/5) at 5pm!, We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, but due to the severity of this storm we will be closed for the remainder of the night.
 
Please stay safe and warm everyone!, We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, but due to the severity of this storm we will be closed for the remainder of the night.

Please stay safe and warm everyone!, Happy New Year to everyone, wish you all the best., Reserved today to celebrate New Year with us, we are serving complimentary champagne starting 3 p.m. till midnight on New Year Eve., We are open regular hours on Christmas day. 

Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas!!, During the month of December, you will get extra 10% value on any gift card purchase.

Happy Holiday Season to all our friends., We will be closed on Thanksgiving day (November 28nd) and open regular hours Friday at 11:30 a.m.

Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends and family!!!, To all our friends and customers, we are going to roll out our in-house loyalty program in the near future. Stay tune!!, Congrat RED SOX!! World Champ!!, Join us for Oktoberfest! From September 21st to October 6th, you can try one of our eight NEW appetizers, along with two 12oz bottles or draft beers for only $12.80! Call in today to make your reservation with us at (617) 734-1268!, null, What are you waiting for? 
Make a reservation now!At http://www.opentable.com/fugakyu-japanese-cuisine-reservations-brookline?rid=40729&restref=40729  or call 617-734-1268
2013 Boston Restaurant Week!!, null, Hello!
 
Starting today, you are able to call in for any delivery orders (cash/card payment) directly at our phone number (617-734-1268) with no mark-up charges to your order. 
 
Delivery fee will only be $5.99 per order (not including tips). 
 
Feel free to also order directly on our website at www.fugakyu.net., We are closed because of today's situation. Be safe everyone., Thank you for all the support, we had a great RW and can't wait for the next one in August. Cheers!, Nemo is over, we are open!!, We will remain closed 2/9/13 (Saturday) because of the snow storm, be safe and sorry for any inconvenience this may caused., We will be close 2/8/13 (Friday) in the wake of the snow storm. Stay safe and warm to all our friends and staffs, Starting today till Dec 31, we are offering a 10% extra value to gift card purchases. We wish you a very happy holiday season.

Purchase online www.fugakyu.net, We will be closed on Thanksgiving (Thursday, November 22nd).  
We will open regular hours again on Friday!!

Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!, We will be close 10/29/2012 (Monday) in the wake of the hurricane Sandy. Stay safe and dry to all our friends and staffs. See you all Tuesday., Come join us for the Summer 2012 restaurant week. Don't miss out and make your reservation today., Thank you Adrienne and all of you joining us tonight (sake pairing dinner), we have fun and hope you are too. Looking forward to do it again soon., Catch it while you can, limited seats available. Call us @ (617)738-1268 to reserve your seat.

Speaker: Ms. Adrienne Griffith from Joto Sake, null, null, Dessert lover, come try our Green Tea Creme Brulee today., Restaurant week is coming again and don't miss it, make your reservation today.
http://www.bostonusa.com/restaurant-week?Pagetype=Restaurantview&RestID=112688&noredirect=1, Our online order site is live for delivery order, check it out at www.fugakyu.net and take advantage of the regular menu price (no upcharge) today. , Come celebrate New Years with us!  We are offering complimentary champagne to our dine-in customers on New Years Eve.  Hope to see you guys there!!, Get 10% discount for all gift card purchase throughout December, Happy holidays!!, We will be closed on Thanksgiving Day, Thursday November, 24th 2011.  We apologize for the inconvenience., null, In the wake of hurricane Irene, we decide not to open for business 8/28/11 Sunday with safety consideration of our employees and customers. Sorry for any inconvenience., we will reopen thursday (08/25/11)  night at 5 PM.Thank you for your patience., We will still be closed on Tuesday 8/23/11, sorry for any inconvenience caused., We will be closed on monday august 22nd....We apologize for the inconvenience., Fugakyu Brookline will be closed on Saturday (August 20th) and Sunday (August 21sts).  We will keep you updated on whether or not we will be open on Monday.  Sorry for the inconvenience., Restaurant week is coming, make your reservation today with us!!, null, A 4-courses set menu will be available during the Valentine's day weekend (Fri-Mon) for $80/2ppl. Make your reservation today and have a romantic dinner with your special one., Due to the anticipate snow storm...again, we'll not be open for business Wednesday the 1/12. Stay warm and safe., Happy New Year to all our friends, may 2011 be a great year for everyone., Due to the anticipate snow emergency, we'll close @ 5 p.m. today., Reserved today to celebrate New Year with us, we are serving complimentary champagne starting 3 p.m. till midnight on New Year Eve., We will be closed on Thanksgiving Day and open as usual business hour on Friday the  26th. Wish everyone has a happy Thanksgiving., Holiday season is coming, reserve one of our party room to celebrate the holiday with your friends and family., We are teaming up with Dinevalet to provide our customer delivery service, call (617) 417-8201., We are having new lunch menu starting November 1st, with more selection and better value.....ENJOY!!, Starting November, we'll open half hour earlier on Sunday @ 11:30 a.m.; which make our business hour 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. everyday., Grab your Pumpkin Martini for Halloween., We are suspending kaiten sushi after September, catch it while you can. Thanks all our customers for the great run of the kaiten sushi., We are now serving new dessert menu. Seasonal dessert also available in the near future, stay tune...!, We are now serving 2010 summer specials; couples special maki, and few yummy appetizers like sashimi tacos and much more......., Congrat, US national soccer team advance to round of 16 in world cup :), New summer specials is coming soon!!, Now hiring day shift assistant manager, previous experience preferred. Please reply with contact information to fujicorp@gmail.com; thanks., We are serving a seperate bar menu starting 4/22. Oyster lover don't miss out, great value for Kumamoto oyster; 1/2 dozen only for $12., For all with gluten free diet, we now providing Low sodium Organic Tamari @ Fugakyu., We are providing only low sodium soy sauce for all customers as a mean of healthier eating., Happy 2010 to all our fans!

You may now book a reservation online through OpenTable!  Please take a look!, null)