List(Come out and welcome some new local vendors; if in town stop by our downtown Lowell location for some lunch or dinner after shopping.  #shoplocal #eatlocal, Where can you go where it can be 70 Degrees on Thursday and the possibility of a snow storm on Monday?  Good question you say?  Well maybe not, but we are sure our friends from Questionnairey will have much better ones to ask Thursday at our Malden location.  The fun starts at 7 p.m.  

Rumor has it that there are a few teams competing neck and neck each week to win a prize.  From the pictures it looks like they are enjoying a margarita or two, and some great dinners, from enchiladas to carne asada.  

Come enjoy some for yourself, and maybe even hear and answer some better questions too!, please consider supporting this great cause in tribute to a great guy..., We agree - we love our first home..., Need another good reason to come out and try our Malden location and come meet our friend on Questionnairey night?  Here is review from our friend Deborah which gives you lots of them:

"I figured since I am going to El Potro in Malden (again) tonight, I should write a review. Me, my husband, daughter and a few friends are becoming regular "regulars" at the place. We have tried most of the dishes and have not once been disappointed. Authentic Mexican fare, with a few other Latin specialties mixed into the menu as well. The drinks are large, and not weak at all. The atmosphere and staff are great, and the prices are very reasonable. On Thursday nights they play a trivia game, which we enjoy. It's family feud style, so it's hard to cheat - which makes it more fun. And the host is a pretty cool too. Think you can beat us? Come give it a try! :)"

So come give Deborah and her family a challenge, or come out to meet our host John, or just come and have some great food, drink & fun!!, The Madness of March is upon us; A snow storm on a Monday and short sleeves by the weekend!  March can be wacky.  Let our friends at Questionnairey help you find a fun way to be a little wacky...Come in an have some fun this Thursday at our Malden location, starting at 7:00.  Come one, come all and be a little wacky with us.  Enjoy a margarita, an chille relleno, or even just some chip & salsa.  Hope to see you there & yes its ok to be a little wacky!, We want to say thank you to the folks from the Malden Reads program for allowing us to host their event last evening. Fun was had by all and it was a great turnout and we are very appreciative of becoming part of the local community.  We look forward to being part of future events in helping the community.  #Shoplocal #Eatlocal, null, come sign up for this great local tradition, which helps to celebrate the diversity that we love in the City of Somerville, What a great family event; come out & enjoy and support., Act quick & get them while you can; come support the great resturants in the City of Malden & come by and say hello at our maiden visit as a representative of the great City of Malden., What is better than a room full of leprechauns?  How many pieces are there in a pot of Gold?  Do all Irish girls have hair of gold or red?  All great questions we gather & although we are not sure if those will be the questions this Thursday night when our friends from Questionnairey come and join us on Thursday at our Malden location, we are sure that there will be fun questions, lots of great food & drink and a chance to win gift certificates to our three restaurants.  Some come join us on Thursday starting at 7., Looking for something fun to wash away the March blues? Well why not come and listen, sing, dance and have fun with our house band, Mariachi Estampa de America; They play live in our locations each week.  This week see them in Malden tonight {Wednesday}, Friday or Sunday and in Somerville on Saturday night.  We look forward to seeing you soon!, Jack's 94th birthday celebration is this Saturday! Come out and celebrate one of the most important American authors of the 20th century. Lots of fun, friendly Kerouac enthusiasts, music, and tours. Celebrate Jack Kerouac's 94th Birthday in Lowell!

If you come to Town, come on by our Downtown Lowell location and have a bite to eat, enjoy a margarita, or come by and say hello., Come one, come all to a great community dinner.  We have been asked by the Malden Reads Program to host their next community dinner.  For more information please let us know., some great stuff happening in Lowell this weekend; come check it out & if you are in the neighborhood stop by our downtown Lowell location #shoplocal #eatlocal, Could this be why folks love our Mole sauce so much?  Whether its a yes or a no, we love our #UnionSquareMA neighbors Taza Chocolate, One of our favorite magazines has a new edition out - check it out, How can you you introduce more fun into a great night with our friends from Questionnairey?  How about trying one of our new El Potro signature cocktails with Avion Tequila?  Come check out, the El Diablo, Mucho Besos, Mayan Mule, or Devil's Advocate, while playing a fun game of Questionnairey.  Do not forgiet to add a great appetizer like our El Potro Nachos, or one of our famous enchiladas or combo plates.  

No matter what...just come & have fun, leave full & with a smile on your face., Come Celebrate with our friends from Avion Tequila Brand, and us as we celebrate the launch of the El Potro Signature Cocktails.  Come give them a try starting tonight in our Malden location at 5:00 p.m.  & watch for other launch nights in our Lowell and Somerville locations to be announced soon., We agree - great place to live as well as have a business #LotstoLoveaboutLowell, wow what a great event - Go Girl Power!!!; If you come to town stop by and have lunch after the event..., With a name like Hugh O'Neill's you know they do St. Patrick's right.  So check out their March events & come out and support the #eatlocal movement in Malden., Hey we may be all about Mexico, but with St. Patrick's day coming up, we wanted to tip our sombrero to our #UnionSquareMA neighbors & friends on their nod for Best Irish Breakfast., Hey basketball & Harlem Globetrotter fans, so excited about our new partnership with the The Sun News.  Click on the link and see how you can win tickets to see the Globetrotters in Lowell and a gift certificate to our restaurants., So we know that Super Tuesday just passed, but our friends at Questionnairey want to put all of the politics, and debates and delegate counting behind you & join them for a fun filled game.  Come to our Malden location starting at 7:00 p.m. on Thursday and get a chance at some great giveaways, as well as our famous margaritas and authentic Mexican dishes.  

We hope to see you Thursday night!, Had some fun today - stay tuned for some news about some new signature cocktails coming to a El Potro near you starting next week..., Our new friend Jennyfer from Yelp left us this picture today, along with these kind words today,

"My husband and I went there with my daughter and nephew to be pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  It was so good we came back and brought my parents to dinner to celebrate their birthdays and we enjoyed it immensely!!!  Many "Mexican"  restaurants do not cut it.  This one -  we're definitely coming back.  Food was fantastic and bonus there was a Mariachi Band serenading each table!"

We like making new friends! Thanks Jennyfer!

#happycustomers #happyfamilies, Look at us making the food pages again

#Eatlocal, We love this idea of a taste of Mexico...nice feature on our Somerville friends Taza Chocolate, So sharing your emotions has become all the rage this week on social media.  So whether you like, love, hate, laugh frown, or a little bit of them all, our friends at Questionnairey love to see you come out & have some fun.  So join us on Thursday at 7:00 p.m. as we host our next round;  word is spreading and make new friends, have new teams & most of all have more fun each and every week.  So come on in and join our host John, and our staff for great food, and great fun., Remember it's #nationalmargaritaday - snap a phot if your margarita today at any of our three locations and post it here for a chance to win a gift certificate redeemable at any of our three locations!, Come celebrate National Margarita Day, at all three of our locations.  So come celebrate today, February 22, 2016, with one of our signature margaritas, or get $5 off a pitcher of your favorite.  Hope to see you!, Come have some fun & take some pics at Winterfest Lowell - be sure to tag us, Hey PhotoBuffs - be sure to tag your photos & win a prize!!, Thank you to Mayor Gary Christenson, and City of Malden (Official) for allowing us to host February Mayor on the Move.  It was so great to meet some of the fine residents of the City and enjoyed seeing how they interacted with the Mayor.  

We hope to host again soon., Want a fun, family friendly activity that has been recognized by everyone from Yankee Magazine & the Boston Globe as a must winter time event?  Well come to Lowell's Winterfest 2016. 

The fun starts on Friday February 19 & runs through Saturday February 20.  

Check out the website link below for more information on all the fun and for all the special events & goings on.

Remember if in town, stop by our downtown location at 124 Merrimack Street to have a bite to eat & enjoy.

Thanks to City of Lowell Economic Development Office, and Lowell Winterfest

http://www.lowell.org/Pages/Winterfest.aspx/., Celebrate National Drink Wine Day by pairing it with your favorite beef, fish or chicken entree at one of our locations.  Ask your server about our wine choices #notyourtypicalmexican, Please consider stopping in to our friends at Athenian Corner on Monday 2.22 to help raise funds for Lowell High's swim team.  Remember to always #eatlocal & #shoplocal, Come check out the fun from our #UnionSquareMA neighbors Brass Union; Union Square is the place to be for lots of great treat #eatlocal, a prevew of all of the fun... look we made the map!, Want to have a fun way to get started on the weekend; or a fun thing to do if you are on break from school?  Come on in to our Malden location on Thursday night when our friends from Questionnairey come to host our next game; the fun begins at 7 - last week we had so much fun and had so many teams we gave away 2 prizes!!

Come check it out!, Remember this Thursday, his honor the mayor will be having lunch and office hours at our Makden location.  We are looking forward to his visit and being a place to serve and hone the citizens of City of Malden, What a great idea for a Valentine's Day date...if you are in the area be sure to visit our DT Lowell location at 124 Merrimack Street, after the market., Some love from the folks at Eater Boston..., Can not wait to have the mayor in residence next Thursday at our Malden location;  Come by say hello, share some conversation & of course enjoy some lunch., Everyone is talking about our piece in the Boston Globe today.  Come check out the buzz yourself.  In fact come in to our Malden location on Thursday night when our friends from Questionnairey come & host our next event;  The last few weeks were fun with a half dozen teams competing for El Potro gift certificates;  come and enjoy some great food & lots of fun.

If you can not come out for Questionnairey, then come see our band Mariachi Estampa de America live on Friday & Sunday in Malden and Saturday in Somerville, or better yet treat your Valentine to a special date at one of our locations this weekend, including Valentines Day when we will have a little surprise for all of our guests.

We hope to see you all., Look at this great article we are waking up to this a.m. 

Thanks to the The Boston Globe & Ellen for a nice write up, null, Although there may be a horse in our name, we have no rooting interest here, but we want to invite you all over to our house to watch the big game tonight.

So come root on your team at any of our three locations in Somerville, Lowell or Malden, where the game will be on our TV(s) and free appetizers will be available starting at kickoff all the way through the end of the game.

So bring your appetite(s) and come ready for some fun {& margaritas!}., A little good publicity for our #UnionSquareMA neighbors; check them out., What a great looking group - we love our band Mariachi Estampa de America, Hey we had a packed house last week for our big, weekly Questionnairey game last Thursday - Let's see if we can do it again this week. - Join us and our host John this Thursday starting at 7 at our 156 Highland Avenue location to see what all the fun is about.

Come with friends and enjoy the fun & have some great, authentic Mexican food and drink, Win a Free Lunch today from El Potro Malden

Who says there is no such thing as a free lunch - well we have a photo shoot with the folks from The Boston Globe for a feature in the #CheapEats weekly section today.  On the menu are:

Fish tacos 
Chile relleno 
Flan 

We hate good food to go to waste, so the first person who can come to our Malden location beginning at 12:00 today and show us this post will win the above plates.  There will be enough for two or more if you want to share. 

For those of you who do not win the grand prize, you can still enjoy the fun.  If you come to our Malden location today, February 3, 2016, between 12:00 pm & 3:00 pm and show your server this post we will take $3.50 (the price of the Sunday Boston Globe) off your ticket.  

This contest is valid for eat in customers only, and only at our location at 156 Highland Avenue, Malden Massachusetts, today, February 3, 2016 between 12:00 pm and 3:00 pm.

We hope to see you for lunch!!

Malden Chamber of Commerce Malden, Massachusetts Medford, Massachusetts Medford Chamber of Commerce come join in the fun!  

Feel free to share!, love this slogan...such a great event;  was our first big event when we joined the Lowell community in 2014...come out and see what is all of the fun is about., This is such a great shopping experience this coming Saturday...if you come to town, do not forget to come on down to our downtown Lowell location at 124 Merrimack Street for a little lunch before or some dinner after you shop., Do not miss your opportunity to come to Lowell Winterfest later this month...we will be helping Lowell celebrate by being a winter sponsor of the event...and having our traditional Mexican food & drink to keep everyone happy and warm..., great article..., Big news... starting this Sunday, our band Mariachi Estampa de America will be coming to our Malden location on Sundays at 6:00 pm; we know how so many people love to see & enjoy the music of the mariachi, and so we have found a way to feature them where our customers can come enjoy the experience in larger groups.  We are excited and enjoy!, Do not forget to come see our band Mariachi Estampa de America play in our Malden location on Friday night starting at 7... and Saturday at 7 in Somerville.  Do not worry Lowell our band will be coming back to see you real soon in Lowell on Thursdays...  Our full band do not like the cold, but will be returning to warm our hearts and our ears real soon., We are always interested in supporting the arts & the schools,and here is a listing for a great show taking place at the high school.  We encourage you to come and see this great show & support the hard work of the cast & crew from Somerville High School (Massachusetts)

If you are in town, come by after the show and visit our 61 Union Square location for some dinner or a great way to celebrate with family & friends.

#Somerville  #SHSArts #Intothewoods, Come on out & play; remember great authentic Mexican food and or course margaritas!  See you tonight !, Hey Folks do not forget to come on by on Thursday for lots of fun with thew folks from Questionnairey & our host John - you are guaranteed to have some fun!!  Have not tried Questionnairey before?  Well its a fun, Family Feud style game that is fun for everyone. 

So come enjoy some great drinks & food & have some fun this Thursday in our Malden location beginning at 7, One of the great reasons to be located in historic Downtown Lowell - folks come to take in history & leave you reviews like this...

"Great late night snacks after a tour thru Downtown Lowell.  Bar keeper very friendly and very attentive"

So many folks happen by, stop in and leave happy at all of three locations - hope you come by and see us soon.

#HappyCustomers #LotstoLoveAboutLowell, We cannot argue with this..., Join the #LocalFirst initiative and come out an support some great local artisans.  If you are in town on this day stop in after the show and have a bite to eat at our 61 Union Square location, and see lots of other great local businesses as part of Union Square Main Streets., "If you were out for a stroll or hike in the woods, what animal would you 100% not like to come in contact with?"

Our money is on a bear? What about you?  Well cast your vote or come in and give an answer of your own to fun questions like this when our friends from Questionnairey host our next game Thursday night at our Malden location.  Come in and give give it a try..., Looking forward to hosting the Mayor on the Move next month at our Malden location...more details coming soon..., Help out a neighbor who is raising money for a great cause, Great promotion from our neighbors at Humanity Style, What a great way to spend Saturday afternoon & do not forget, after you check out the Fair, go down the hill to #UnionSquare and check out great shops, and stop in to our 61 Union Square location for lunch or dinner., Look at our friends at Humanity Style's new sign... super cool; just like all the great stuff inside.  Come see all the great stuff, their new sign & stop in next store before or after to our Downtown Lowell location and have a bite to eat., Sounds like a great idea to us.  Some great advice from our friends at the Malden Chamber of Commerce, Can you "Name a bone located inside the human body." or " Name a characteristic Donald Duck has that actual ducks do not."?  If you can or even if you just want to give it a good guess and have some laughs, come play Questionnairey tonight at our Malden location beginning at 7:00.  It is great fun, and a super opportunity to relax with friends, have a few laughs,and sample lots of great authentic Mexican dishes, margaritas & tequilas.

So if it sounds like fun, join our host John Joseph and have a blast!  Hope to see you tonight., Hey did you know that in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, entrance to National Park Service sites across the country (including the Lowell National Historical Park) on Monday, January 18, 2016, is free! It is the first of 16 days in '16 that the parks will offer free admission to everyone.

MONDAY JANUARY 18 | 9:00AM-5:00PM

LOWELL NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK
304 DUTTON STREET | LOWELL, MA

If you are in town, come stop by our Downtown Lowell location at 124 Merrimack Street and have some lunch or dinner.

Thank you to our friends at Greater Merrimack Valley for sharing such a great tip., So excited to be a part of two great chambers #shoplocal #eatlocal Malden Chamber of Commerce Medford Chamber of Commerce thank you!, null, "Sometimes when you're looking for street parking you think you see a spot, and then you pull up and find out you can't park there. What's one reason this might be true?"

Well, we think this is a great question from our friends at Questionnairey & it makes us glad we have our own parking lot at our Malden location...  

If you have a response or like the question, come give Questionnairey a try at our Malden location this Thursday night starting at 7., A fun, and greater event to break up winter...come enjoy & visit us in our Downtown Lowell location, We love #HappyCustomers - here are some great comments we received this week...

""Chili rellenos really good. High quality tacos."

From our Malden location..."Mariachi band on Wednesday nights. Fun. Tasty pork tacos. Combo dishes give an excellent sampling of different items. Always fresh ingredients and the tastiest salsa with warmed chips. Bright, colorful decor and welcoming smiles abound. Attentive service. Husband is already planning what he'll be ordering next time!"

"Great food and value. Enjoyed tamale and great salsa. Will go back soon!"

"The salsas are delicious!

& in Lowell... "An absolute gem for Lowell. Love these guys."

So come in and try for yourself & let us know what you think..., Meet the Charro - we wanted to share this story about a beautiful Mexican tradition.  It reminds us of why is ti so important to be authentic for us.  Whether it is the wonderful music of our mariachi, or the recipes, prepared from Mexico, authenticity is the key to so much we do.  Enjoy., Great opportunties like this one are taking place almost every weekedn at the Lowell Memorial Auditorium - come see this & other great shows & then come enjoy dinner after the show at our downtown Lowell location at 124 Merrimack Street, Our band Mariachi Estampa de America & our Malden manager Salvador; come see our band & our Malden staff every Wednesday and Friday nights, Looking forward to having all business owners coming in to network and meet new connections., Recently our friends at Questionnairey asked what are some of the things customer's might do to annoy waitstaff?  What do you think?  

If you have an answer come on in on Thursday and give Questionnairey a try at our Malden location starting at 7.

For us, we know our staff loves our customers, and our customers love them back - so hopefully no one will be annoyed on Thursday... All kidding aside, come on in and enjoy authentic Mexican recipes and home made cocktails, while you have fun playing., We love #HappyCustomers, and hear is a handful of comments we are hearing about our customers' experiences at El Potro:

"Some of the best food since I have been in Mass", 

"Great food. Good service. Amazing! margaritas!" , 

"Good selections and huge portions - never leave hungry that is for sure. Pleasant dining area and lively bar.", and 

"Such friendly staff and great Mexican food :)"

We love our customers, and we especially love their feedback; we listen to it all and work hard every day to get better and better.  Come in and visit us, and let us know how we do., One week from tomorrow; be sure to rsvp & we hope to see all our Chamber friends from Malden Chamber of Commerce Medford Chamber of Commerce Somerville Chamber of Commerce The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce and Greater Merrimack Valley groups as well as any other small business owners who want to join us for a great networking event, so please share #localfirst, Do not forget to RSVP for Malden Chamber of Commerce networking event, Love to share reviews, especially ones with such detail that it makes you hungry when you read them.  Here is one we received recently from a customer at our Malden location.

"A welcome addition to Malden, land of pizza shops and Asian restaurants.

My boyfriend and I have been here twice in the last couple of months. The service is fast and friendly. The food is fresh and delicious. The margaritas are really great- no sour mix, FTW.

The first time we came to El Potro, I ordered the Enchiladas al Mole. Hands down, THE best mole sauce that I've ever had. The pulled chicken inside of the enchiladas was all white meat; the seasoning was perfect. The dish was served with rice and beans. My boyfriend got the spinach burrito. It required a fork and knife due to it's gargantuan size, but he liked it a lot.

Tonight I ordered Tacos al Carbon. The steak was cooked to medium-well, but was marinated in some kind of magic. The tacos came topped with generous dollops of delicious guacamole. My boyfriend ordered the fish tacos. He said they were good and that the fish tasted fresh.

While the Tacos al Carbon were really tasty, I'll definitely be ordering the Enchiladas Mole next time. So. Good.

Try the ultimate margarita!"

We love when folks recognize the details, because so much of what we do is about the "details".  Whether it is the freshness of the ingredients, or the flavors and tastes which we put into each dish, (like the mole), or even the way our staff treats the customers, we want the customer to leave happy & wanting to come back for more.

So come and visit us and let us know how we do; share it with us on one of our many social media channels.  Hope you enjoy., Hey everybody, ready to shake off the holidays and do one last burst of fun before getting back at it in 2016?  Well, we hope so...come to our Malden location this Saturday and have some fun with our friends from Stump Trivia- The fun & games start at 7 on Sunday night.  Some come enjoy dinner and stay for some fun from 7-9, or better yet come enjoy some enchiladas, appetizers, and signature margaritas while you play. #Stump, Our manager Salvador putting on the style at our Malden location...looking forward to 2016..., Our Somerville staff know how to ring in 2016 right!!, Come celebrate New Year's Eve with us.  At El Potro it's Margarita Night. Come in to our locations after 9 o'clock and your table will receive a discount on a pitcher of margaritas in order to ring in 2016 in style., Although the holiday season is almost over, here is a great seasonal question from our partners at Questionnairey  - 

"If you celebrate Hanukkah, what’s one thing you might spend money on?"  

Have a guess...leave it in our comments below, or come in and give the game a try.  The New Years fun begins at 7 tonight, What is a great way to start off your New Years Eve?  Well that really is not one of the questions from our friends at Questionnairey, but we wish it was.  What we can tell you though is that Questionnairey is a great, family friendly game where teams answer survey based questions to win prizes.  Come join our host and play the game starting at 7 at our Malden location {156 Highland Avenue}.  Play the game as part of your NYE plans, or come eat, stay and have fun and ring in the new year with us., Here is a great event to work off the effects of being out too late on NYE.  check it out from one of our great local partners #shoplocal, Looking for a great way to celebrate New Years Eve?  Come stop into one of our three locations for some fun, authentic Mexican food & drink and fun with friends.  We are open late at all three locations in Somerville, Lowell & Malden. So come ring in2016 with us., We learned this weekend of the passing of our dear friend Ken Kelly - he was great friend, neighbor and a gem to the Somerville community - he will be missed - our condolences to his family., Here is a great practice question from our friends at Questionnairey; leave us an answer in the comments...better yet come in and give it a try on New Years Eve at our Malden location starting at 7:00; stay for the game & fun & then ring in the new year with us., Come join our host John Joseph as he hosts Questionnairey for us on Thursday - 12.31 starting at 7:00 p.m.; should be a fun way to start off the NYE festivities..., Hope everyone had a happy holiday and is continuing to enjoy family & friends this weekend;  We wanted to remind you that we are here to keep the fun and games going;  tonight come here our mariachi live in our Somerville location, and come by our Malden location, Sunday at 7 as the fun with our friends at Stump Trivia return; So close out your holiday weekend and start off the countdown to New Years Eve with a little food and fun at El Potro., Well Charlie had to go back to see Santa and his friends at the North Pole but no one guessed the correct answer. Charlie's favorite lunch is a veggie burrito. Thanks to Charlie Chamber and The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce for being such good sports - We entered everyone into a raffle and picked a random name and Charlie asked us to give the gift certificate to @Robin Renaud Mendieta...We hope to see Charlie again next year and thank you all for playing. Stay in touch to have a chance at other giveaway(s) and events at El Potro,, Happy Holidays to all... we will be open to 8 today at all of our three locations, and closed on Christmas Day, except our Somerville location which will be open for business.  enjoy family friends & good times... Feliz Navidad to all..., Have you still not purchased anything for that special lady in your life... check out our friends {&neighbor!} Humanity Lowell for dozens of great ideas; they fill their pages & social media with great gifts and new arrivals daily... check them out & come next door for a bite to eat & to say hi if you do...#shoplocal #lotstoloveaboutLowell, What's better than unique & local - check out our friends at Beadkreative for some great ideas....& if you are in the Square, come by and say hello & have a bite to eat or a margarita at our Union Square location #shoplocal, Only a day & a half left!! - lots of great #shoplocal ideas here..., Our friends at the Somerville Chamber of Commerce have asked us for help in finding this missing teen.  If you have any information please call the Detective at the number on the graphic below.  Please share., Come enjoy as we host a a business after hours in our newest location in Malden - so excited to see our Malden Chamber of Commerce members and want to invite our fellow members of the Medford Chamber of Commerce, Somerville Chamber of Commerce, Greater Merrimack Valley, and The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce who have not seen our newest location at 156 Highland Avenue in Malden., The is just so much Cool stuff going on in Lowell this holiday week... check it out.  #lottoloveaboutLowell #Lowell #MerrimackValley - thanks to COOL in the Canalway, null, For all you last minute shoppers out there... come browse, shop and enjoy #shoplocal, So if you have been following our Facebook page today you know our friend Charlie Chambers from the The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce paid a visit today and revealed his love for our margaritas. Our margaritas are not all that Charlie loves at El Potro. In the comments below take a guess at what Charlie's favorite thing to eat for lunch is. The first correct guess will win a gift certificate which is good at any of our three locations. #elflikelunchtoo #eatlocal #shoplocal, Hey we love having travelers come in & see us!!!, Hi folks I hope you're enjoying this last Sunday before the holidays and we wanted to make sure that we are reminded you that you can come and try out trivia tonight in our Malden location or come here our band at our Somerville location 

We hope to see you tonight, Just as an FYI to our fans and followers ; FB recently fixed an error and merged all of location pages into our FB page and as a result many of you are going to be getting thank you(s) and messages and "like"(s) to statuses as we catch up on almost two plus years of stuff that has been merged.

A big thank you to you all and stay tuned., Hey folks the holidays are upon us...how about a fun way to relax with friends right before the holidays hit.  We have an idea come join our friends from Stump Trivia and play at our Malden location this Sunday beginning at 7:00.  Come spend a couple hours before the week begins and have some fun and work off that holiday stress. Hope to see you there!, A little practice from our friends at Questionnairey - send us a reply with some of your answers - better yet come by our Malden location on Thursday night to give it a try starting at 7:00 pm, Come support a great event & great cause.  If in the City come by our location at 61 Union Square - we are open till 2:am & enjoy some great food, appetizers and drink with friends., "Name something that has a volume level you can easily adjust."... have an answer?  Well if you do come on down on Thursday to our Malden location and give Questionnairey a try... in fact come down and we will turn the volume up on the laughs and fun.... Hope to see you there., What a great idea, share some soup while you shop; what a great way to #shoplocal this holiday season, We love our band Mariachi Estampa de America.  We also love how much you love our band.  Here is a comment we received this week about our band...

""Wednesday and Fridays in Malden live music    Lots of fun - my 10 year old son loved it   The female band member danced with him - adorable"

We think it's pretty great too when you can come in as a family, have good food, relax and enjoy.

So come in and see our band at all locations weekly.  Check our events page for more info.  Or if you are not sure send us a message; we live to respond to our customers., Some great advice from our friends at Stump Trivia.  

The next time someone makes a joke about a pub quiz being like school with alcohol, you should remind them that playing games and quizzes is actually a great brain training exercise. 

Many studies suggest that brain training can improve memory, and luckily there are a few great games you can play which can help keep your brain in tip top condition.

Plus there are margaritas, nachos and even a prize at the end!

So get your brain into top flight condition after the drain of the getting ready for the holidays.  So come into our Malden location on Sunday beginning at 7 and give Stump Trivia a try.

Even, come early and enjoy dinner and some Sunday football and fun., Another great customer recommendation...

""Ask questions
They have an extensive menu

My wife had Nachos (outstanding) with chicken that are prepared unlike the usual nachos
I had Lengua queadillas and they were delicious 
The guacamole is home made and delicious as well"

We build our menu to provide customers with lots of choices, as well as bold flavors and tastes.  Come in and try something and let us know how we do #happycustomer, Do you know what you are doing on New Years Eve yet?  If its not visiting one of our locations to celebrate NYE, with a margarita and some great Mexican food, why not check this out.  In fact why not do both.  Celebrate at the Ball and come in and enjoy some celebrating before or after the ball at our Downtown Lowell location., Do some shopping and give to a great cause on Sunday #UnionSquareHolidayStroll, Please be a part of this great event for the The Salvation Army, Lowell MA.  Among the many items donated is a gift certificate for dinner at EL Potro #thinklocal #shoplocal #holidaylocal, Come join our friends from Don Julio Tequila on Sunday December 13 as the come out to celebrate the holidays.  From 2-4 at our 156 Highland Avenue in Malden location come enjoy & sample some Don Julio cocktails & margaritas and ring in the holidays Don Julio Tequila style., Come join us and our Union Square Main Streets neighbors for the first annual stroll on Sunday...., Check us out featured in the Malden Chamber of Commerce December newsletter..., Don't forget Questionnairey tonight in Makden and our band Mariachi Estampa de America in Lowell - both start around 7 tonight!!!, We love when folks give us a try because they learned about us from one of our partners like Groupon.  Here is a recent customer to our Malden location has to say...

"We tried this place out because of a Groupon, and it was a wonderful experience! The complimentary tortilla chips came warm and the salsa was super fresh and tasty. I ordered the fish tacos, which I would definitely recommend, as they were seasoned and grilled perfectly! And I've had some not-so-fresh fish tacos/burritos in my day.. these were not one of them :) I will definitely go back to taste what else their menu has to offer. Staff was super attentive and friendly the whole evening. There's plenty of parking across the street so go check this place out!"

So no matter how you find us, we love it when you come in, enjoy and let us know how you liked it.  Always feel free to find us on Yelp or Groupon, or write us back here on FB or twitter @MexicanPotro and let us know how we did when you visited., Here is a question for you - 

"Hopefully you just have to pay for the room and that’s it, but what’s an extra thing you might end up paying a charge for when you stay at a hotel?"

Do you have an answer?  Well if you do come into our Malden location on Thursday starting at 7 and try out Questionnairey - it is a fun game for friends and family alike, where all you need is an opinion and a guess to do well.

So come on in and enjoy some appetizers, a late dinner, a margarita, or even a beer and have some fun., What a great idea from our friends at Stump Trivia, so if you want a fun, casual atmosphere to host a holiday event why not our location in Malden, where we host Stump Trivia every Sunday night at 7, and Questionnairey on Thursdays at 7.  If you are interested contact us for details {joe@elpotromexicangrill.com}, We are so excited to be participating with our neighbors in this inaugural event.... come enjoy the fun #UnionSquare, Come support a great cause, and support our local schools.  We love our partnership with the @Argenziano PTA, Come on by and enjoy this holiday tradition and stop in after the show for some dinner and drinks at our downtown Lowell location., What a great message; please share, Hey fans, let the Stump Trivia folks know what you think & come on in tonight at 7 at our Malden location to answer questions like this & try Stump Trivia for yourself #StumpTrivia, You can not really beat when folks tell you great things, like what these folks told us they visited us in Lowell...

"Fantastic Margaritas. Place is great with service and food
very friendly atmosphere, Staff is exceptionally on point"

We hope you can come in and experience it for yourself.  Come in, visit, enjoy and let us know how we do on any of our social media channels, or find us on Yelp or TripAdvisor. #happycustomer, Want to have some fun on a Sunday night, but be home early enough that you will not be dragging?

If so, here is a question for you- 

“The end of Earth will not be the end of us” was a tagline for what 2014 film, directed by Christopher Nolan?" 

 If you know the answer come out on Sunday night and give Stump Trivia a try at our Malden location.  The fun starts at 7:00 - hope to see you!, Do you love the Mariachi?  Do you want to come see our band?  Please subscribe or click on our events page to learn the days and locations where they will be playing before & throughout the holidays..., So the Celtics play in Mexico City tonight starting live at 9:30 pm; Come in to any of our three locations to see the game in our HDTVs and enjoy some authentic Mexican cuisine and margaritas as we cheer the Celtics on., Its here - one final question to get you excited for tonight's inaugural game of Questionnairey

"What kids do for fun is constantly changing. What’s one thing you used to enjoy doing as a kid that children no longer do as much of?."

Well we can think of many, but one answer we know now is #Questionnairey is a a fun game for adults and kids a like, especially for those adults who just want to be kids too!...  Come by our Malden location tonight starting at 7 and give it a try, Get into the holiday spirit & come visit our Lowell location before or after the show and have some great Mexican food and drink., Come drop off your holiday gifts at our Malden location - 156 Highland Avenue...please give to a great cause, "The rules are different when we’re by ourselves. What’s something that’s socially unacceptable to do at a dinner party, but that you do with no shame when you’re alone driving in your car?"

Do you have an answer - well if you do & you like the question come try out Questionnairey on Thursday night at our Malden location starting at 7:00 p.m.  It is a lot of fun for friends and family alike so come try it out...., The great reviews for our staff in Malden keep coming in... here is another great one...

"Great new restaurant in the area! Excellent service, our server Jason was extremely attentive, friendly and ensured we were completely satisfied with everything. My shrimp dish was delicious and the fajitas were great, piping hot on a sizzling plate. There's a free parking lot across the street and they have a full bar!"

We love to hear from you; your comments make a difference and we pay attention to them all.  So stop on in and let us know what you think on any of our social media platforms.  

You can find us here, on Twitter {@MexicanPotro}, Yelp, Groupon, and TripAdvisor., One thing we love is a customer who wants to come back again.  Here is a great story & review from a customer who has visited both our Somerville & Malden locations with happy results both times...you can not beat that!

"The boyfriend and I had been to the Somerville location before so we wanted to try the Malden location. We saw a Groupon for it and tried it that same night.
The ambiance is brightly colored and spacious. We were sat in a booth and started off with the complimentary fresh tortilla chips and salsa. Both were good. We ordered a Tamal and a cheese and loroco pupusa to share as appetizers. Both were so good especially the tamal.
For entrees we both ordered enchiladas suizas. They were delicious and stuffed full of chicken. I brought about half of my meal home and my boyfriend happily finished his.
The waitstaff was attentive and polite. We will definitely be going back again!"

Come in and visit us & let us know what you think- share your experience on any of our social media platforms, like FB, Twitter, Yelp, Groupon, or Trip Advisor - you will find us on them all!, Join us at our 61 Union Square location, as well as our {your} neighbors, family and friends for an afternoon of holiday cheer to enjoy music, food, holiday decorations, and special treats while also doing holiday shopping and/or buying your tree, What is "Questionnairey"?

Questionnairey is a survey based game similar to the classic game show Family Feud®. A fun, relaxed, night out with friends. Teams compete to win, based on the popularity of answers…your answers. The more popular the answer you guess, the more points you get.

Sounds like fun doesn't it?  Well come try it out for yourself, as we begin our partnership with the Questionnairey folks beginning December 3, as Questionnairey comes to our Malden location every Thursday from 7-9. #Questionnairey, If you're not in malden tonight be sure to stop in to one of our other two locations to watch the big game on Our TVs there, Do not forget trivia with Stump Trivia starts in Malden tonight at 7! #stumptivia and then stay after for the big football game which will be live in all of our TV sets, #BuyinMA - think local everyone!, So to celebrate Small Business Saturday #Shoplocal #ShopSmall #SmallBusinessSaturday we are running a promotion.  We want you to post us a picture, check in on FB, or tag us in Twitter, or send us a message on Yelp when you check in and let us know you were in one of our locations in Somerville, Lowell or Malden on Saturday and we will send you a special gift to say thank you that you can use on your next visit., Ring in the holidays in Lowell and join us for this year's City of Lights Parade and Holiday Celebration! Take the afternoon to stroll the city streets and enjoy live performances, holiday shopping, photos with Santa, AND the crowd favorite, our Annual Hot Chocolate Competition! The daytime fun leads to the nighttime extravaganza -- The City of Lights Parade and City Hall Lighting -- which marks the City's official start to the holiday season!  - While there come visit our 124 Merrimack Street location in Downtown Lowell, In response to the Medford Chamber of Commerce, various local business groups, and the City's Elected Officials, Mayor Michael J. McGlynn has announced that parking will be free of charge on Saturdays only during the holiday shopping period (Saturdays only beginning on November 28th and ending on January 2nd).  Patrons visiting local businesses in these designated areas will be able to obtain goods and services without having to pay meters or kiosks.  Business and Commuter permits will continue to be monitored.
 
The free holiday shopping parking encompasses all business districts/squares within the City, including:  Medford Square, Haines Square, West Medford Square, Hillside Square and South Medford Square.  "I feel this will help to encourage residents to shop in small businesses throughout our community for unique holiday gifts, as well as, enjoy holiday celebrations in our many local restaurants", said Mayor McGlynn.

If in the area after shopping come visit our Malden (156 Highland Avenue) or Somerville {61 Union Square} locations for some authentic Mexican food & drink., don't miss this great event - what a great way to #shoplocal and #ShopinMA on #SmallBusinessSaturday, Come out & #shoplocal on #SmallBusinessSaturday and visit our location at 61 Union Square.  Check out our FB page on Saturday to learn about our special giveaways, come out - enjoy the beautiful weather and celebrate the holiday season and #SmallBusiness Saturday, Come out and join in on a Malden tradition - the 12th Annual Malden Parade of Holiday Traditions & Christmas Tree Lighting, In town for a class reunion or to visit family, why not find a great place to come out and have fun with old friends by coming into any of our three locations for food, drinks and fun...., Please have a happy Thanksgiving and many blessings on this day with your family and friends!, #shopsmall #Smallbusinesssaturday - Stay tuned for our promos and specials we will be running at all three of our locations..., guide to City of Lights parade in Lowell on Saturday...come check it out and visit our downtown Lowell location., There is a lot to like about Lowell...here is a great link put out by the City of Lowell, MA to celebrate the shop local campaign.  All of the reasons and more apply to all local places, like our homes in Somerville & Malden as well.  So shop local this holiday season.  If you happen to be out & about on Saturday look for the "Small Business Saturday" logos and campaigns & enjoy treats like the City of Lowell City Lights Parade taking place.

 http://conta.cc/1Lwg4xm, Look what we have here..., “Shop Local” throughout the holiday season  This week the City of Lowell, MA began distributing the posters to all downtown establishments and asking customers to post pictures of themselves holding these posters when shopping/dining at your establishment and asking them to share on social media using #Lowell.  We have one in our store front in our downtown Lowell location so stop on by take a photo, or just stop in and just dine & enjoy the shop local campaign with all of our Downtown area shops., What a great way to start our week with the kind words of one of Lowell customers...

"Great Mexican! I love to eat here regularly as a local and recommend it to all my visiting friends! The band is also great and the small quaint atmosphere is indicative of DT Lowell! Great service, great drinks! , great entertainment."

We are big believers in shopping local, and one of the reasons which drew us to downtown Lowell was the appeal of being part of the great revitalization of the City.  As the slogan says "there is a lot to love about Lowell".    We love being a destination for local and for those traveling to the great city.  We love having community partners like Greater Merrimack Valley and The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce as community partners

We try to do our part by creating a warm, friendly, and happy atmosphere for our customers.  So whether it is the food & drink on the tables, or the inviting genuine smiles of our staff, or the sounds of our house band Mariachi Estampa de America, we want to give back and make downtown Lowell great., We are so excited about trivia tonight & remind all of our friends and followers and local friends in Malden Chamber of Commerce, Medford Chamber of Commerce, Somerville Chamber of Commerce, The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce and Greater Merrimack Valley to come out and enjoy starting at 7 at our 156 Highland Avenue Malden location.  Also stay tuned for more trivia fun and news after the Thanksgiving holiday, Come Enjoy El Classico as FCBarcelona visits Real Madrid CF for the greatest showdown in La Liga Soccer. Live in all three of all locations! So come down enjoy some great eats and drinks 🍴🍻⚽️ #VisçaBarca #HalaMadrid, Hey come test your knowledge of all things trivia starting this Sunday at our Malden location starting at 7 p.m with our friends from Stump Trivia Plus what's better than some great fresh Mexican flavors, like enchiladas, fajitas, salsa & margaritas #stumptriva, Love this message... spread the word - small business Saturday is coming up folks... shop then and always..., null, Come support local kids & programs in our schools and then come by after the shows and have something to eat at our Malden location {156 Highland Avenue}, Riddle us this.. " Native to Southeast Asia, what tropical fruit, known for its foul smell, has a name that is #Malay for “thorn” or “spike?”  Do you know the answer?  Well if you do or have a really good guess, or just love questions like this or other trivia, join us as we partner up with the folks at Stump Trivia beginning Nov. 22 at 7:00 p.m. for food, fun & trivia., Received this great review today...

"Came in here on a recommendation of a friend. The food was awesome. Highlight of the meal was Camarones al Mariachi. The sauce was so flavorful. Shrimps were cooked perfectly. The place was clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely come back again."

Just today I was speaking to a customer about the seafood options that we have and I commented how we have a whole seafood section, which includes our many shrimp options as well as many recipes including fish.  In fact the whole basis of our conversation was about we respect the dietary choices of all, and that is why we can substitute fish or seafood for any meats in all of our entrees and offerings.

We know that everyone's taste differ and that is why each item is made to order in our kitchen, so that the customer can have what they want, how the want it.

So come in & let us know about your experiences...we love to hear from you

#seafoodmexican #mexicanyourway, We are so please to announce our partnership with the Stump Trivia folks & beginning on Sunday November 22 we will host Stump Trivia in our Malden location - Come see what all the buzz about Stump Trivia -  We will be hosting started 7:00-9:00 p.m. so come on in and visit and try it out..., Do not forget to come see our house band this evening at our Somerville location beginning at 7 PM.  There is nothing like a little Mariachi fun on a Saturday night so come out and enjoy., Want to know what makes us feel "seriously good"?  Its having customers who share such kind words like these....

"This place is seriously good! Such a welcome addition to Malden. The decor is great, the staff friendly and the food was awesome! Only been once, but I'll definitely return. The bar was spacious and you can tell a lot of thought went into planning the restaurant. The chips, salsa and guacamole were delicious as was dinner- and reasonably priced also. We are lucky to have such a place local to Malden!"

We do feel blessed to be a part of the fabric in Malden, as well as our original homes in Somerville & Lowell.  

We hope you too can come join us at one of our locations, and feel the same level of care and attention to detail.  If you do, let us know how we do.  We love to hear from you all., Join us in honoring our nation's veterans.  In celebration all veterans and men and women presently in service will receive 10% off their meals at our Somerville, Lowell and Malden location all day on Veteran's Day., Stay tuned out for true fans for some new fun happening in our restaurants coming soon, For those of you visiting our Lowell location this weekend be aware of this traffic advisory., Enjoy some of the wonderful weather we have and come visit our Somerville and Lowell locations and enjoy lunch or dinner on our patios.  Or if the weather gets you out, come to Malden tonight to see our house band Mariachi Estampa de America in our Malden location beginning at 7, null, what a fun event... check out the photos; thanks Malden Chamber of Commerce for the invite & opportunity, Cool facts from our friends at, Day of the Dead (Spanish: Día de Muertos) is a Mexican holiday celebrated throughout Mexico, in particular the Central and South regions, and acknowledged around the world in other cultures. The holiday focuses on gatherings of family and friends to pray for and remember friends and family members who have died, and help support their spiritual journey. 

Traditionally celebrated October 31 - November 2   Come celebrate with us in all three locations., Do not forget to have a spooktacular Halloween; after trick or treating stop into any of our three locations to celebrate and start new traditions..., Have a Halloween party or trick or treat- have a Friday night eat out and stop by any of our 3 locations for some yummy Mexican treats #trickortreat, Watch for our interview on LTC Lowell Friday night on the Lowell local show at 5:00 pm, Listen for our appearance on Chamber Talk with The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce on WCAP am in Lowell tomorrow at 10:15 am, Come visit us as we celebrate our first Malden Halloween and Dia de los Muertes, Hey vote for the video of our band Mariachi Estampa de America to win a YouTube award, null, We love to make customers happy, especially ;large gatherings....We had a large group of neighbors & friends come in to visit us last week at our newest location in Malden, here is what they had to say..

"As good as it gets for authentic quality Mexican food! Immediately upon entering,  you are greeted and transported on your journey. Everywhere you look is a work of art - from the tiles, the walls, the chairs, and the tables. It is warm and inviting and so beautiful!  Homemade and fresh tortilla chips and salsa are brought to your table and OMG, they are delicious!  The menu is extensive and varied! My personal favorite is the fajitas and the guacamole is fantastic. The portions are huge and satisfying.  The staff is friendly and attentive and the manager has stopped by our table every time we have come. You can tell how much pride he has in his place and it shows. We had a party of 11 on a Friday night and they didn't miss a beat. The place was packed and that is always a good sign! There is free parking in a lot across the street or on the street. Check them out! You won't be disappointed! #happycustomer..."

We are so thankful for kind words and praise like this...come on in and visit - especially your large groups and parties our Malden location is set up to serve you well in your large groups.  Call us or write if you have questions.
., Come celebrate a crisp fall evening at our three locations; for fans of our band Mariachi Estampa de America come see them play at our Somerville location - enjoy the fall air and warm authentic Mexican dishes and delicious margaritas, Can not beat a review like this one that we received today...

"Great food, great drinks, great service and great recommendations from the staff. Definitely the favorite date spot."

So if you need a place to go on date night, or for a quick lunch, or a dinner with family friends, come on in and try us., Want a great way to spend a fall evening? Come see our house band Mariachi Estampa de America tonight in our Somerville location beginning at 7!!, Come enjoy the sun; stop in to any of our three locations for a late lunch or dinner, Come celebrate the sun being out - come visit any of our three locations for a late lunch or dinner, Love the local good word... Thanks so very very much to all of our customers and remember #mvEats this week and thanks Lifeasamaven.com for the mention; check out her blog for awesome tips and recommendations Lowell, what a great program run by Malden Chamber of Commerce; stay tuned for more details, A thought to start your day

"The only thing better than talking about food is eating it..."

Thanks to Kayleen Schnabl of Tasteful a Deals for the inspiring quote today..., If you're out today on this beautiful autumn Indian summer day come celebrate your time off by stopping in to one of our three locations and enjoying lunch dinner or appetizers or just relaxing with someone special. All three locations are open today and we hope to see you, Are you hungry?  Well why not consider coming into our Lowell location this weekend to try something off our special restaurant week menu.  Thanks to Greater Merrimack Valley and Greater Merrimack Valley Restaurant Showcase Week we have some special offerings for lunch and dinner through October 18th.  Visit the links and the website to learn more about Restaurant Week.   #mvEATS, null, Thanks to Greater Merrimack Valley and Greater Merrimack Valley Restaurant Showcase Week you can come into our Lowell location through October 18th and enjoy some special plates prepared by our culinary team just for Restaurant Week.  Check out the links and the website for more information.  Remember to use  #mvEATS and share photos and your thoughts all week., Rebecca “Becca” Jean Knight graduated from Malden High School in 2005. She was an athlete, team builder, humanitarian, musician, environmentalist, animal lover, volunteer, and supportive friend to many. 

Becca died on June 4, 2014, (just nine days prior to her 27th birthday), while whitewater rafting with three companions on the Cache la Poudre River in Colorado. Although all four were thrown into the water, a paddle hit her in the chin, knocked her unconscious, and she drowned. She was wearing a wetsuit, life jacket and helmet. She died doing what she loved to do.

The "livelikebecca" scholarship fund is based on the wish to keep Rebecca’s legacy alive by providing this scholarship to a student who would strive to live showing they could understand Rebecca’s love of life and all that life has to offer.  Click & visit the website to learn more., Do you have a special event, celebration, get together, or holiday party to plan?  If you do, let us help.  Our new Malden location has a private dining and bar area, each with extended capacity to allow us to help host your event, big or small.  Let us help make your event even more special.  Contact us for more details and bookings., null, talk about good first impressions... here is a great one - we love making them... and we love building upon them when customers visit us again...

"First time here. My son & his wife had just moved to the area and we wanted something good after a hard day schlepping cartons. The landlord mentioned that El Potro had just opened up.

The decor is festive, with bright colors and art everywhere - even the seats and the tables. the decor reminds me of Mexico Lindo in Melrose (also very good). Prices are medium to medium +, ranging from roughly $10 - $17 for an entrée. My thought is that it is worth every penny.

I had chicken mole, which was the best mole I have had since the sainted Casa Romero on Newbury Street. My son had a burrito, which had just the rice, beans, and meat inside with the toppings served on the side, so you can add them as you eat. The burro was huge and he ate it all. His wife's sister had a fish taco, which she deemed the best fish she had eaten since she left Vietnam. The complimentary chips are thin, crisp, nice flavor and not at all greasy. The salsa delicious with a very nice garden flavor. And the homemade hot salsa has a nice, smoky habanero flavor that definitely increases in warmth the longer you leave it in your mouth, but it is not scalding. otoh, beware the neon green hot sauce!

Service was quick, informative, and very pleasant. And Sal, the manager, stopped by a couple of times to chat about our meal. Granted, it was not terribly busy when we were there, but all in all, it was a very pleasant dining experience. Definitely a repeat!"

So come in and make your own first impression;  or 100th impression for that matter...most of all when you do come in tell us how we do., We are so pleased to be a part of the Merrimack Restaurant Week Showcase sponsored by the Greater Merrimack Valley Tourism & Trade Board.  Check out the website below for more information on participating restaurants & giveaways.  More importantly come visit out Lowell location during Restaurant Week and see our special lunch and dinner offering.   #mvEATS, so excited that our Lowell location will be part of this years' Showcase, Wanted to show you how much fun we have in Union Square, thanks to Union Square Main Streets and What the Fluff? A Tribute to Union Square Invention...taken last week outside our Somerville location...., Wanted to share this comment we received about our Lowell location.

"Yum. The location is a challenge due to the main road. If you can score a parking spot close by,  kudos to you. If not,  it's worth it to park in the garage and stroll around.  The downtown Lowell area is coming back. 

El Potro has authentic Mexican food that is fresh and fast. It's not Taco bell fast, so that's good. The place is small,  but they offer outside seating. The decor is bright and the place is clean. The waitresses are always attentive and do a good job navigating the space. The prices are fair and there is always a Groupon available. Give it a shot if you are running  between classes or have a lunch break in the area."

We could not agree more with the statement that downtown Lowell is coming back; we believed the same thing when we opened almost two years ago, and we continue to believe it today, and enjoy being a part of the fabric of the revitalization of shops, restaurants, and places to be.  

We feel similar about Union Square, which is the home of our Somerville location, and are growing fond of our new home in Malden just the same.

So come on in and visit, walk around and take in all that our three locations have to offer., Come see our house band Mariachi Estampa de America tonight at 7 at our Somerville location; celebrate at Fluff fest then relax with the Mariachi, null, Its finally here... come join us in Union Square today for Fluff Festival...thanks Union Square Main Streets!!!, null, Wanted to share this great review we received about our Somerville location...

"Huge portions and good food! This place is definitely added to my list of go-to places in Union Square. 

We went on a Tuesday night with a big group and had no trouble getting a table, it's small and doesn't seem like much but the service and food really is great. It's pretty standard prices for the area and I felt like I got what a paid for and then some. The margaritas are also really good and come in big mason jars! 

Really great place to grab a quick dinner, would definitely recommend!"

Can not really go wrong with those kind of words...it sums a lot about us up though; we may be small, but we put all of our effort into making sure your experience is great; from the food on your plate, to the attention to customer service, we want to make sure your experience when you come in to any of our three locations is great.

So please come visit us in Somerville, Lowell or our new Malden location to experience it for yourself., We are so please to be part of the 2015 Greater Merrimack Valley sponsored Restaurant Showcase Week; Stay tuned for details on our menu for the week, More information on Restaurant Showcase Week, null, null, Come see our house band, Mariachi Estampa de America in our Somerville location starting at 6 tonight;

Enjoy the beautiful night with our open air seating at 61 Union Square.  Plus we are open to 2:00 am, So for all of you who love our band as much as we do, we wanted to let you know about some changes...beginning this week the schedule will be as follows

Malden 
Wednesday 6-10
Friday 6-10
Sunday 1-4

Somerville 
Sunday 6-10

Lowell 
Thursday 6-10

They will be out on Saturdays too, but like they do in our restaurants a wandering they will go; stay tuned to this page for details as to where they will appear.

You can always click the events tab here on FB to keep track of where they will be., Come join us tonight in Malden with our live Mariachi Estampa De América starting after 6pm. And dont forget our live karaoke with El Scorpion Del Norte starting after 9 in Somerville., We just added some great photos to our Album "Malden". They were taken by Earl Christie of Earl Christie Photography {http://earlchristie.com/} - Earl came and captured the essence of our new location as well as video of our house band Mariachi Estampa de America which you can find on our YouTube page., Copyright Earl Christie Photography 2015, null, one of the things we love is how many people come in and sample our many appetizers and make dinner out of it., Thanks to the Patch for the mention..., Hey did you know that we had a YouTube page...click the link below or visit our website {www.elpotromexicangrill.com} for more..., Hey Colton Bradford and the Street Team for 101.7 The Bull  visited us at our Grand Opening ... here are some photos they shared..., Check out photos posted by the City of Malden at & about our Malden Grand Opening 09.15, come support this family friendly event....
if in Lowell come visit us for a family friendly dinner after..., Thank you to the City of Malden (Official), Representatives Donato and Ultrino, the Malden Chamber of Commerce, 101.7 the Bull and Colton Bradford, and of course our customers for making our Grand Opening Celebration in Malden a success.  We are thrilled to be a part of the City and hope to form a great partnership with the Malden community just as we have in Somerville and Lowell., null, Come see the band Mariachi Estampa de America live!!, Members of the Chamber of Commerce becoming honorary Mariachi, Thank you City of Malden (Official) and Malden Chamber of Commerce, quite a Grand Certificate, Do not forget about our Malden grand opening today- we are open till 11 come by and celebrate!!, thanks for the great weekend...hope to see you all this week at our grand opening in Malden or at one of our other locations, We love our band Mariachi Estampa de America, Wanted to share this great review....this is what it is about for us...exceeding expectations and providing great care in each and every plate....

"WOW! This place was incredible and not at all what I was expecting. The food is authentic and delicious. 

MY dad ordered the caesar salad and I laughed. After I tried it though, I wasn't laughing. Even the only non-mexican item was fantastic! Go here, get anything, you'll love it.", Come join us in Malden tonight with our live Mariachi Estampa De America. As Well as live karaoke in Somerville starting at 9pm. Amazing Margaritas and Great eats🍴😄!, Hey everyone we are just days away from our grand opening celebration for our Malden location... come on by and see us;  in addition to our ribbon cutting by Mayor Gary Christenson and the City of Malden, you can enjoy our house band Mariachi Estampa de America, and the 101.7 Bull Radio will be broadcasting live from the location from 4-6.  We will be having lost of fun...we hope you can join us., come visit the Somerville Rock And Roll Yard Sale and then stop into our location, right in the Square {61 Union Square} to celebrate your finds...., null, Wanted to share, this review we recieved today from one of our diners:

"Real Mexican menu by Mexican people. Live Mariachi band. Flan. Chicharones! (not on the menu, you have to ask). What's not to love? It's busy so you might not get a table. But the service, the vibe and the food are all excellent! One of Lowell's most consistent restaurants."

What we love about this review is that it touches on things we value: 

authenticity - making sure that every time you visit that you know what it feels like to take in the sights, the sounds, and flavors of Mexico.  This also includes offering up things like "chicharones" {Chicharrón is a dish generally consisting of fried pork belly or fried pork rinds; chicharrón may also be made from chicken, mutton, or beef.}  Just like when you visit family, if you looking for something special or something prepared special, we tell you, "just ask!"  So whether it is a special flavor, spice, or meat (or for that matter, whether there is a vegan or vegetarian alternative) or even something prepared a certain way, even if it does not say so on our menu, just ask one of our servers. 

consistency - it is no good if you get something different {unless you want to test things on the menu of course!}  every time you come visit us.  It is important & we work hard to make sure EVERY time you come in that you leave satisfied, with the food, the customer service, and the experience.

So we hope you will come in and visit our locations in Somerville, Lowell or Malden and see what we are talking about.  If you do - let us know here or on our Yelp pages how we do., Good morning El Potro fans.  Do not forget you can get your double dose of Mariachi today; our house band Mariachi Estampa de America is appearing in our Malden location today from 1-4 and again in our Somerville location from 6-10 tonight., 50 % Off Food & Non-Alcoholic Beverages in our Malden Location, Just a reminder that our house band Mariachi Estampa de America will be in our Malden location tonight from 6-10 and if you ask nicely maybe later!! - if you miss them there tonight see them in our Lowell location Thursday and Friday nights, or this weekend in both Somerville Saturday & Sunday nights and Malden Sunday afternoon. #Mariachi #MariachiEstampadeAmerica, Almost there we have 85 new likes this week! - We get to 100 and the 10oth person will win a $25 gift certificate good at all three of our locations, 50 Off Lunch - Malden Location, 50% off food and non-alcoholic beverages in our Malden Location, Do not forget our wine tasting today at our Malden location - 156 Highland Avenue - come sample and enjoy free appetizers, So our goal this week is see if we can get 100 new likes this week.  We have 71 so far, so if you our the 100th new fan, we will send you a $25 gift certificate to use at our three locations, in Somerville, Lowell & Malden, Hey we are on Twitter - check us out @MexicanPotro, Come enjoy an exclusive wine tasting at our new Malden location on September 1, 2015 from 3:00-5:00 p.m.  Sample domestic and imported wines of different vintages, as well as enjoy free appetizers., Hey El Potro fans, Mariachi Estampa de America will now be in our Malden location every Wednesday from 6-10 p.m. and Sunday afternoons 1-4pm.  So now you can see our house band every week in Malden on Wednesday & Sunday, Lowell on Thurs Friday, and Somerville, Saturday and Sunday.  If you can not keep up, just email us, or check out our webpage, elpotromexicangrill.com for more details., We want to say thank you to all of the great fans of El Potro for such a tremendous response to our new location in Malden and for continuing to support our locations in Somerville and Lowell this week it's been a great experience to watch how everybody has responded so positively to us

Thank you very much from your friends at El Potro, Do not forget, Mariachi Estampa de America, live tonight from 6-10 at our new El Potro Malden location - 156 Highland Avenue, Malden Massachusetts, Be the 1000th person to like the El Potro Mexican Grill FB page and win a $25 gift certificate good at all three locations Somerville, Lowell & Malden, To celebrate our opening in Malden our house band Mariachi Estampa de America will be in Malden on Saturday night from 6:00 pm - 10pm.

Come see them play Saturday -  For the fans who love to come see them come by Malden so you can see our new location, Wow just six fans away from 1000!!!we are so blessed with so many great customers!!!

Muchas Gracias!!!, Some one passed this article along to us....not bad at #15 - will try better next year... come in to Somerville, Lowell & our new Malden location to check out our tacos and other offerings...., Love new publicity.... as one customer proclaimed today... yay we are open...

While at Eater Boston, follow the links to follow all the El Potro news on Eater Boston, Tremendous response so far; come on by and visit us Malden but do not forget about Lowell where the Mariachi will be tonight as well as Somerville where we are open late..., Ok everyone.... come down at 5:00 p.m. tonight to see, enjoy and try our new location at 156 Highland Avenue, Malden Massachusetts.  We are looking forward to your visit!!

Thank you all for your patience., Copyright Earl Christie Photography 2015, null, We can not wait to see the Square come alive; join us in sponsoring and supporting Fluff Fest 2015, null, Heard a lot of rumors making the rounds Malden is not opening Wednesday but stay tuned!!

We are excited as you all are but to do things right we are taking our time - we know you will appreciate it as we appreciate your patience, Hey Malden - keep your eyes and ears open we hope to see the paper come off our doors and the now open sign up this week as we test the kitchen and start bringing in stuff to prep.

We thank you all for your patience as its been a tough, longer than we like process.  We like to do things right, and do them well, so keep your eyes tuned here for update..., Wanted to put a little plug in for the Union Square Farmers' Market, going strong for 10 years.  Come visit while the season is still at hand;  great activities and vendors.  Of course its easy to find as its right next door every Saturday to our 61 Union Square location., null, Come out and participate in a great event;  El Potro is a sponsor, We love winning customers over; especially ones who love and value the authenticity we put in everything we do.  

"I moved to Lowell three years ago from California. I left behind my beloved authentic Mexican food. Since I've moved, I've been looking for recommendations for good Mexican food. Sadly, people's idea of authentic Mexican food are Chipotle or Border Cafe, yikes!

Other places threw on chopped up lettuce and shredded cheese on a tortilla and called it a day. My heart was broken.

I ran into El Potro often through Yelp, but I did not want another heart break. I ended up biting the bullet and dragged my poor unsuspecting boyfriend with me.

As I approached the restaurant on this warm afternoon, I noticed how busy it was compared to other restaurants in the area. I was met with a familiar feel of Mexican decorations. That was a good sign. I continued holding my guard up!
El Potro: 1 - M: 0

Our waiter was very friendly even though it was just him and one other woman in the busy lunch crowd. I ordered the tacos de adobada while my boyfriend had the fish tacos.

Salsa and chips were complimentary. Salsa was flavorful and slightly chunky. Another good sign. I ordered a side of guacamole. I was amazed because it tasted FRESH! Like it was just made. There were beautiful chunks of avocado. My guard was collapsing.
El Potro: 2 - M: 0

When our food was delivered, I was met with an amazing view. My tacos were topped with cilantro and onions over a corn tortilla with a side of a lime wedge and radishes. A sign of authenticity. No prepackaged lettuce or artificial shredded cheese in sight. The food was seasoned beautifully and I caught a bit of delicious fat pieces on my pork. (That's where all the flavor is at!)
El Potro: 3 - M: 0

It is a little more expensive than my usual fare in California, but it is completely understandable especially since there is no other decent Mexican place in this darn state. (Also avocado's are hella expensive here.) I'll let you have your win, El Potro. Thank you for a great experience and bringing authenticity to this city.

Now, if you start putting in beef lengua tacos on your menu, you'll have me as a customer forever."

Even more if you are like M, and want something prepared special, like a beef lengua taco, just ask - our staff loves to honor your request, likes and dislikes & if we can we will serve it right up for you., Coming along Malden.... check out our furniture hand carved in Mexico just dropped off today, Come be a part of this great festival; while in the square come hear our mariachi...., Update on Malden...

Hope is that if final inspections go as planned looking at third week of August :)

Stay tuned for more details!!!, On August 16 the Center for Hope and Healing is having a Summer Super Slide Festival where Shedd Park in Lowell Massachusetts will be turned into a water park for the day.  With New England's largest slip & slide for the whole family, a sprinkler race, dunk tank, live music, food and a kids game corner.  More than 400 families and local municipal leaders attending and appearing for the benefit of the the Center.

The family friendly event will benefit the Center for Hope and Healing (CHH), a local non-profit agency that has been providing vital services to survivors of rape ans sexual assault for 40 years in Lowell, Tewksbury, Dracut and surrounding towns.  They provide 365 days, 24 hour 7 day a week emergency hotlines and crisis intervention.  

We are proud to be sponsors of the event, and we encourage you to visit the Center's FB & web pages to learn more information.  Tickets can be purchased and donations made at www.sssfestival.com

As an added bonus on the day of event bring your ticket to our Lowell or Somerville locations and receive 5% off your bill on August 16 in our restaurants., hey look we are famous!, Look what we picked up this week....very proud and very proud to be a part of the fabric of Downtown Lowell, One of the things we love about our downtown Lowell is location is the proximity to many tourist sites, and with the help of great organizations like the The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerceand Greater Merrimack Valley Convention & Visitor's Bureau, we get customers, who leave us great reviews like this....

"Great homemade pork tamales.  The enchiladas are also excellent.  Reasonably priced and family friendly.  Good place to go after visiting the national park"

So whether you are visiting us in the City of Lowell or City of Somerville (Official), check out the local Somerville Chamber of Commerce Malden Chamber of Commerce or Union Square Main Streets websites to see what what the cities have to offer., More from the Lowell Folk Festival over the weekend

https://youtu.be/IWwioxdLOTc, Check out our band live at the Lowell Folk Festival {https://www.facebook.com/LowellFolkFestival}, If you missed them in Lowell at the Lowell Folk Festival over the weekend, our house band Mariachi Estampa de America is in Somerville tonight.  If you miss them there, you can always find them on our El Potro YouTube Channel;  Search for El Potro or click the link from out website, elpotromexicangrill.com.  Please subscribe to see all of our videos there, or load your own!, We can not wait to show you how great our Malden location is coming out.  In the mean time come visit us in Somerville today and stop by the Somerville Farmer's Market or in Lowell and take part in the Lowell Folk Festival, Less than two weeks to the fun, Want to hear a perfect review to sum up summer at El Potro... well here it is

"I checked your yelp reviews BEFORE I met my buddy at this place at his suggestion and, true to what other posters wrote, from my first taste of their salsas, both mildish and hotter, I was sold! I opted for Carnitas fajitas and they were scrumptious! Served sizzling on a cast iron platter atop a bed of perfectly sautéed onions and peppers, I enjoyed every single bite! Even the refried beans and rice weren't the typical bland fare of other so-called Mexican restaurants. The bartender made my margarita to my *specifications* (sans sugary mix) and it was perfection! We dined out on the sidewalk because it was a perfect-weather day and were surprised when up strolled six gentlemen decked out in freshly-pressed and matching *suits* with waist-coats and silver-studded pants (not to mention some cool belts-and-buckles) who broke out in a south-of-the-border-influenced cover of Happy Birthday! The band was excellent and they were masters of their instruments. Heck! I'd go back just to see and listen to those guys, again! The food was great, the drinks were top-shelf and the service could not have been better. Kudos to the folks of El Potro!"

Come on in and make you own summer memories., Hi there, 

Thanks so much for supporting for your favorite local businesses by voting in the 2015 Scout Somerville Honored awards! To show our appreciation for everyone who took the time to vote, now we want to give you a chance to win. Here's how:

1. Now through 7/25, follow Scout Somerville on Instagram.

2. Post a photo from one of the 2015 Scout's Honored nominees which we at El Potro are one, with the hashtag #ScoutsHonored. Your photo can be taken at a local restaurant, a gift shop or at your dentist's office—whichever you prefer!

3. Scout Somerville will choose a winner at random by the end of July to receive a prize pack chock full of Scout swag and goodies from area businesses., Only a few more days to vote; voting ends on July 12th!!!; Give us a like, leave a comment or share our photo to vote- check out all the nominees on The 2015 Best of Lowell Awards page..., Look at our new signs.... Things are coming along in Malden..., So the nominations are in and we have been nominated for "Best Mexican: from Scout Magazine for 2015.  Click on the link below and vote for us & many of our other great Somerville shops & restaurants.

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote/, Remember the #Somerbliss Program;  Businesses all across Somerville are encouraging folks to shope & eat locally & use the hashtag #Somerbliss on FB, Twitter & other social media and post about how great an experience they have in June.  You can win prizes and get discounts all weekend through the end of June all across the City.  Check in at El Potro Somerville this weekend and use the hashtag #Somerbliss for a chance at winning a gift certificate good for use at your next visit at our Somerville, Lowell & soon to be Malden locations.  Click on the image below for more info., Did you know that we are nominated for the 2015 Best of Lowell?

Check out the link & PLEASE vote....

https://www.facebook.com/BestOfLowellAwards, So we promised some big doings...here they are.

As you may have heard and read El Potro is coming to Malden Massachusetts.

This new site is larger than our existing 2 sites and will provide us with the opportunity to host private functions and more opportunities to hear our house band Mariachi Estampa de America.  We have some cosmetic work ahead of us but we hope to be open to serve you our famous authentic food & drink & hear our fabulous mariachi by early summer...

Stay tuned to this page for details & ease feel free to share the news., Stay tuned this week on details of new doings at El Potro, A taco salad for those who like smaller portions!!, null, We are very excited to have donated a gift certificate to the great auction & great cause., Come visit us & the other Downtown Lowell member is the Downtown First Thursdays' Program

While in town come see out house band Mariachi Estampa de America who appear in our Lowell location every Thursday., We are please for the second year in a row to be a part of the Lowell General Hospital's TeamWalk for Cancer benefit on May 31, 2015.    Please check out their website, donate, come out and be a part of a wonderful event & day.

Our band, Mariachi Estampa de America, will be playing in front of our Lowell location beginning Sunday morning around 10:30 and we will be open for all participants, their families and friends at the end of the walk.  Hope to see you Saturday., Looks like a bit is Spring is back this week; come enjoy our patios in Lowell & Somerville and open air seating in Somerville and take in the great weather with good food and tasty drinks., From the City of Lowell...

"Hi all,

 

As you know, a number of events and activities will be happening all day tomorrow under the umbrella of Spring Fling –Doors Open Lowell, Mill City Skill Share workshop, Mill City Grows gardening workshops, a mobile farmers’ market and, weather permitting, up to 24 en plein air (in the open air) painters along  Palmer, Middle and Shattuck Streets.

 

Buses will be shuttling visitors between the downtown and the outlying Doors Open sites.

 

To help support this effort, parking will be free in the Early and Market St. Garages.

 

We hope you enjoy the weekend and that you see increased traffic to your businesses.

 

Best,

 

Henri

 

Henri B. Marchand | Special Events Coordinator

Cultural Affairs & Special Events

50 Arcand Drive
JFK Civic Center | Lowell, MA 01852, null, null, null, Come join Mariachi Estampa De America with us today in Cinco de Mayo performing at both our Lowell and Somerville locations, So it is Cinco de Mayo today please stop into either of our locations today for giveaways and fun Cinco de Mayo events check in at either one of our restaurant today for a chance to win gift certificates

If you plan on visiting us this evening at either location you will be able to see our live Mariachi at both locations but remember it will be long lines and you might have to wait so come early and be prepared to have some fun while we celebrate Cinco de Mayo with you, We are one week away from Cinco de Mayo.  Come help us celebrate in Lowell & Somerville; come see our band Mariachi Estampa de America at both locations in the evening; come for good food, good drinks, & a good time & give aways!! - More information to follow, Want to see what a well made margarita tastes like ?  If so, come on in to either our Somerville or Lowell locations tonight and see what you think.  Whether it is a margarita in a mason jar in Somerville or a large brim glass in Lowell we want to hear what you think., Come join our live mariachi tonight in Lowell with special guest Dania la Catrachita, It is one thing to be know for your food; but its is another to be known for the whole experience...we love seeing this review from a client this past weekend...

"We like going out to eat, and we know good service and quality food. El Potro provided all of this, with an excellent atmosphere.
We both started with some margaritas, which were very flavorful and well-made with fair tequila. We both ordered steak dishes that came with rice, beans, guacamole, and pico de gallo. Both dishes were cooked well, and the food was fresh with a lot of flavor. We finished with the homemade flan and the deep fried ice cream, both of which were exceptional.

We both enjoyed the live music also. We will be coming back here for sure.", Hey...this is one of our favorite reviews of the week...nice to be know for more than out chips & salsa {although we like those too!}

"So far one of my favorite Mexican stops in the Boston area.  No, I'm not going to talk about the chips and salsa.  Who cares?  What's cool about this place is that the carne asada actually has flavor!  A seemingly difficult task Mexican chefs in New England.

I've tried a few other dishes at El Potro as well.  The sopas are quite good...Hand made and they rank up there with any I've had in Mexico or which were prepared by my Mexican x mother in law.  Enchilidas Verde were very good as were the Enchilidas with mole.  The Chilaquiles are different, but tasted good, margaritas are very tasty, and the interior is colorful and festive. Stop by on a Saturday night and listen to live mariachi's.

If you're on Union Square and are seeking good Mexican food give El Potro a shot!"

Come in and let us know what you think..., Happy Easter to all our Christian friends... Celebrate with friends and family and come by as we are open in both locations, This review is no April Fool's joke....

"This place is Amazing!!! Affordable and fresh, with bomb horchata. I ordered the taco carbon and was not disappointed. Oh, and the drinks were strong. Great atmosphere for after work or celebrating birthdays. Will be coming back. Staff were friendly as well..."

We love our customers and can't thank you all enough for such kind words...., The nice weather is finally coming.  Come out and enjoy it with dinner or lunch at one of our restaurants.  We would love to see you.  Do not forget our band plays Thursday's and Fridays in Lowell and Saturday and Sunday in Somerville.  Come & enjoy!, One of our favorite things is when we hear nice words on some of the less known items on our menu.  Here are some thoughts a customer shared with us, 

"We ordered fish tacos and they were excellent. Nicely grilled and full of flavor. Lots of crunchy topping, homemade salsa. Well priced meal and casual friendly atmosphere."

We think these speak to what we are about: clean, fresh flavors and a friendly place to be.

It is a beautiful day out there, so if you are out and about please come in and visit either our Somerville or Lowell location., Come in today to either of our locations to watch and enjoy some college basketball as well as some great Mexican appetizers food and drink, Just announced... our Mariachi will be ion our Somerville location tonight starting at 7 and in Lowell tomorrow {Saturday} after 6..., This review keyed in on three things we value - fresh ingredients, big plates, and making sure each customer's order is made to order.  We work each day to make sure the quality & the quantity, as well as the customer service is top notch in our restaurants & we are very happy that this customer's experience exemplifies that:

"Went on a Thursday night and it was not real busy. The food was great, fast and hot real hot (btu's not spicy). I sat at the bar and really enjoyed the fresh chips and salsa. I could not believe the size of the plate when it quickly arrived. Had the #2 combo with all of my favorites and swapped black beans for re-fried. Every thing was just great...", Come enjoy our live karaoke with Dania La Catrachita!, Happy Valentine's Day. Come in and celebrate this special day with your special someone at either our Lowell or Somerville locations. We will be here & open all day despite the snow So please come in and see us, We know New England winter is getting us all down; we are open and going strong in both locations.  

Again... Please though obey the snow emergency parking bans in both Somerville and Lowell., Weary from the storm or want to grab a bite before the snow starts again; we are open late in both Somerville and Lowell; so stay safe and warm but if you are hungry - come in and see us

Please though obey the snow emergency parking bans in both Somerville and Lowell, Come enjoy our live karaoke tonight in Somerville!, Come watch the big game tonight & cheer on the Patriots at both our Lowell and Somerville locations;  free nachos this aft erin through the game, Hey all; we hope you worked up an appetite; Come visit us in Somerville where our Union Square location is now open for your post-Juno celebration;  Come in an see us, relax with some appetizers a nice meal, and a margarita after shoveling out, Want to know a great way to start your day? - reading a review like this one...

"I love this place! My husband and I went here for the first time last night and already can't wait to go back. The decor is great and the music was amazing! There was a really awesome Mariachi band that played the whole time we were there. It was loud, but we thoroughly enjoyed it - we felt transported back to Central America where we went on our honeymoon last year! The food was also delicious. Everything tasted fresh and the free chips & delicious salsa were great as well. We didn't try any drinks this visit, but plan on getting margaritas next time!!!"

There can be few finer compliments than for a customer to tell you that you "transported them back to Central America".  We do hope that they come back & we hope that you all will come in and bring a friend to give us a try in either our Somerville or Lowell locations., do not forget to stop by either our Somerville or Lowell locations; we will be open late to ring in the New Year in both locations.  Stay tuned for updates., Been a busy week - have not many opportunities to post; like everyone else we are gearing up for the holidays.  If you are out doing some last-minute shopping be sure to stop in at either our Somerville or our Lowell location to get a little bite to eat to keep the energy going., Winners!!!

Susanne Bradley $25 gift certificate
Edith Colon Velez $25 gift certificate
Amanda Newby $50 gift certificate
Santiago Rodriguez $50 gift certificate

&

Lisa Primes - IPad Mini

thanks to all who entered; don't fret through if you left us your email we will have a special thank you coming out to you via email so pay attention to your email boxes!!!

We love our customers and as we have said before we are the real winners;

To all stay tuned in both of our locations for ways to join our email list so that you will have the heads up on new specials, promotions, contests and prizes to win., It is the last day of our anniversary celebration in Lowell - come in and see us; enter our giveaway contest either in our location or by sending us a private message here with your name, email and telephone; all drawing winners will be notified on Monday - hope you can join us... We are the true winners for having such great customers!!!

If you gave us your email stay tuned as we will send you special notices for upcoming deals, coupons and promotions

Thanks to you all again, what a great event- come by our Union Square location either before or after the event to have something to eat and enjoy the mariachi tonight..., Are you out late Holiday shopping; maybe need a place to get a ute or a drink after that holiday party that was not all that great?  Well stop in to our Somerville location - we are open to 2:00 am without kitchen open real late 

Come have some appetizers or our signature margaritas or a late nite bite!!, Hey its Friday and the celebration continues in our Lowell location for our anniversary.  Come enjoy the mariachi this evening, and enjoy our anniversary specials, and be sure to enter our giveaway either in Lowell or here online.  

Our contest continues through Sunday at 6:00 pm.  We will do our drawing on Sunday night & announce our winners.

If you can not make it in to Lowell, send us a private message here, leaving us your name, email and telephone number.

Remember if you miss our house band, Mariachi Estampa de America, be sure to catch them in our Somerville location on Saturday and Sunday., Come in enjoy some great appetizers, or a late dinner and one of our house margaritas 

We are open celebrating in Lowell and keeping the light on celebrating in Somerville too...., A taste of the sights and sounds..., A few scenes from Lowell... Come enjoy the Mariachi..., Hey we are so excited with our response to our anniversary celebration we have decided to extend the giveaways and the drawing through the weekend.  So come in, help us celebrate, fill out an entry form, or send us your entry through private message here.  

Thank you so much for such a great response, Just want to remind you about our anniversary celebration in Lowell tomorrow; we will be celebrating all day 11am to 10 pm - we will have something special for you all, give always and of course our house band in the evening... Hope to see you there.  Do not forget if you want to enter our special giveaway send us a private message with your name, email and telephone number.  You can also enter in our Lowell location through Thursday before the drawing., Hey look at us - featured in Boston Magazine's recent feature on Somerville places to eat!!!

Check it out and feel free to share; 

More do come visit our Somerville or Lowell locations and check us out yourself.

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2014/12/10/chefs-guide-eating-well-somerville/, thanks everyone for the great support with respect to our anniversary in Lowell; looking forward to seeing many of you; keep those entries coming for the giveaway, We are so honored to be participating again, Hey everyone wanted to make a big announcement about our anniversary party in Lowell.  We will be doing many giveaways that evening including an iPad mini, dinners for two, and gift certificates.  You can fill out an entry form in our restaurant in Lowell or you can send a private message here to us with your name your email address and telephone number and we will fill out an entry form on your behalf.

The drawing will be after closing on Thursday and you will not be need to be present to win.  Good luck and we hope to see all of you this week., null, Hey what is better than a birthday party?  How about a birthday party where you can get a present!!

Stay tuned to details on how to enter here on our page or in our Lowell location for a fabulous giveaway for our anniversary celebration., null, null, Please come & support our local community school in Somerville; while you are in Union Square come visit us for dinner or a small bite to eat., It is hard to believe that almost one year ago we opened our Lowell location;  we have been truly blessed and overwhelmed by the experiences, and the response.  As a result we will be planning a anniversary celebration for our Lowell location on Thursday, December 11.  Stay tuned here for more information.  We will be celebrating all day with giveaways, surprises, and of course our house band Mariachi Estampa de America, looking forward to being back;, null, Are you in The holiday Spirit ?, Come enjoy a Margarita and a front row seat to The Lowell parade today !, null, Happy Thanksgiving to all; hope to see you soon and blessings to all your families, null, We love our City & being part of the fabric of the community, especially Union Square, Check out this special edition to see all of the goings on; especially in the Lowell area if you are visiting stop in and see us at our 124 Merrimack Street, Lowell location., We are always very thrilled when someone comes to downtown Lowell or summer won't but you need to visit us when we weren't expecting them.  Here's a great review from a couple who came to see a show near our downtown Lowell location and ended up stopping in to see us.

"My husband and I were going to a show at Lowell Auditorium and knew there were lots of places to eat within walking distance.  We came to El Potro and since it looked interesting, we went in.  As soon as we got in a group of men, dressed in cultural attire came toward the front door.  We were seated and were entertained by their wonderful music and song.  To top that, the food was excellent and the prices reasonable.  I would highly recommend this restaurant, you won't be sorry."

So if you're either in the neighborhood of our location in Union Square in Somerville or are downtown Lowell location please stop in and see us., Come check out our live karaoke event in Somerville, while in the Square stop on by, Now that Halloween is done, come celebrate Dia de los Muertes with us in our Lowell & Somerville locations...., Wanted to share another fun review we received.

"Number 1, they get huge points for serving Horchata, which is one of my fave drinks ever. Its like desert as a drink! YUM.  This place is right in downtown Lowell, less than 5 minutes from our house and we like it for late night snacks and general hangout spot. We also came here when it was Mr. Jalapeno some years ago, but El Potro has definitely upped the market. I am Puerto Rican so I am picky about any Spanish or Hispanic food I eat, but this place is pretty good, fresh, hot, and service is typically always good. Even when we have gotten there right at 10:20 or 10:30.  The have a groupon that we keep forgetting to purchase and use. But the portions are always HUGE and the food stuffs us.

Love this little Downtown spot!"

For those of you who do not know, Horchata is the name of several kinds of traditional beverages, made of ground almonds, sesame seeds, rice, barley, or tigernuts.  It is known as one of Mexico's three "aguas frescas" or "fresh waters.  While in some countries the drink is usually tan and "milky", some recipes call for milk, and others do not. Other ingredients often include sugar, cinnamon, and vanilla.  Other common ingredients include ground cocoa, cinnamon, sesame seeds, nutmeg, tigernuts and vanilla. Other nuts that may also be used include peanuts, almonds and cashews. Because of these ingredients, the horchata is usually strained before serving.

Any way you slice or serve it, it is a delicious treat and we are very glad you enjoyed it.

We love becoming a favorite go to spot for customers, and especially value the fact that people know that we are open late; in fact, although more frequent in our Somerville location, which is a little bit more residential than commercial, our downtown Lowell location is also developing a following among folks who live, like yourself, in the local neighborhoods.    

One of our goals is to make the customers feel like they are at home, and for a restaurant like ours, that means creating that neighborhood feel for locals in the community;  Lowell has such a nice vibe, with all of the industrial-residential mills condominiums, college community, and local blocks, that we are loving that folks are coming to downtown Lowell at night more and more.

We are very thankful for your reviews, and hope all of our customers will continue to visit, and try new things and have new experiences & of course enjoy your favorites, like Horchata., Don't forget to come visit us at the Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce Business Expo - details below - come find us & say hi - we will be in the tasting room., We can not ask for everyone to spend their days off with us, but it would be fun if we could.  Here is a review from someone who did come in an pay us a visit on their day off.

"I happened to have a day off on Friday last minute and decided to visit El Potro with my boyfriend, as I was craving margaritas. We got both food and drinks and it definitely didn't disappoint! A Patron margarita was fairly priced at about $10... Service was great and friendly, chips and salsa were complimentary, and we both loved our meals. I had the spinach enchiladas and the bf had the shrimp burrito... We were both stuffed by the end and the tab definitely didn't break the bank. To top the experience off, there was a great authentic Mexican band featured that night! We will be back. Thanks, El Potro, for the fun night !"

So come on in the next time you have a day off; or even if you do not have the day to yourself, stop in to either our Somerville or Lowell locations and give us a try., come join us in the tasting room...., Get your tix to #HFest14 & support @local1st: do good while having fun!, Beer, food, games: good times for a good cause! Get your tix to @local1st’s - Come see us there starting at 6 tonight, Hey, join Somerville Local First and local economy advocates far and wide on Saturday, October 18 for an afternoon or evening (or both!) of delicious food from some of Somerville's best local restaurants, local beer from some of your favorite independent brewers around New England and much more. Get your tickets now to sample incredible beer and food while supporting an important local nonprofit! Confirmed breweries and other libations to date: *Aeronaut Brewing *Bantam Cider *Berkshire Brewing Company *Blue Hills Brewing Company *Far From the Tree Cider *Harpoon *Jack's Abby *Mystic Brewing Company *Mayflower Brewing Company *Rapscallion Confirmed restaurants to date: *3 Little Figs *Bibim *Brass Union *Daddy Jones Bar *Dave's Fresh Pasta *Eat at Jumbo's *El Potro *Foundry *The Independent *Kirkland Tap and Trotter *Olde Magoun's Saloon *Q's Nuts *Riverbar *Saloon *Scoop N Scootery *Taza Chocolate Entertainment will be provided by Somerville favorites: *Red Square *3D and the Greaseballs *

The Hospitality General Motor VIP Tickets include: *Gift certificates from some of your favorite local businesses *Treats from Somerville-based Spindler Confections *

Fun schwag from the Somerville Beat *Exclusive discounts to businesses in Somerville and Cambridge A Harvest Fest commemorative glass with matching Cuppow lid! Plus enter to win raffles generously donated by M.S. Walker and Spoke Wine Bar. Harvest Fest is Somerville Local First's major annual fundraiser. All event proceeds go towards SLF's operating budget to build and strengthen the local movement and local business community in Somerville all year long. 

http://boston.eventful.com/events/harvest-fest-2014-/E0-001-073821673-6?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social_network&utm_campaign=eventful_event_on_facebook, null, Union Square Improvements Meeting, 10/20
This meeting, part of an ongoing series, will focus on streetscape and utility improvements in Union Square. Specifically, the meeting will provide residents with an update about a traffic study and analysis that will serve as the basis for future improvements in the square. There will also be a discussion about the Team Better Block community event held in May.

When/where: Monday., Oct. 20, at 6:30 p.m. at the Argenziano School, 290 Washington St. Read more about the Union Square Streetscape Improvements project at the Somerville by Design website., we can not wait..., Excited to be part of this great downtown Lowell event, Hey any one visiting Union Square (Somerville) @Fluff Festival Fans - send/post us your photographs and videos and we will pick some of our favorites & we will send you a thank you.  Don't worry no brownie points for getting our sign or our band in any!! - Thanks to Union Square Main Streets for the great festival, null, Everyone has a first date story.  Some obviously are not so good, other great.  Here is a nice one someone sent us today about our Lowell location:

"I actually went here on a first date with my bf.. and not only was it incredible food, a comfortable atmosphere, but there was a mariachi band! It was authentic, homemade, and i would recommend this for EVERYONE.. (we had gotten the sampler platter and I've been dying to go back and get everything since lmao)".  

Not sure what made it so romantic, the food, the atmosphere, or our great house band, Mariachi Estampa de America {in Lowell Thursday and Friday & Somerville, Saturdays and Sundays}, or maybe a little iof each, but we are glad to play a part in someone's story.

Come in to either of our locations and start your own story., Its always great to have a positive review from our clients, whom we are blessed to say have shown us support and love and loyalty in both of our locations.  Does not matter the amount of stars, and the number and what they mean and the meters and standards differ for many.  What matters is the words that folks write & the message(s) they leave.

Here is some fine praise & feedback we received from a Lowell customer today:

"Anyone who has read my reviews knows I'm a tough critic. So to get 5 starts you have to really impress me. First of all this place is SPOTLESS clean including the rest rooms! The decor is whimsical, fun and colorful. The chairs, tables and decor are all inspired by Mexican designs and colors down to the tiled table tops. The Waitress we had was very sweet and attentive. There is festive Mexican music playing in the background so you get the full experience. The food was delicious, presented and displayed artfully on the plates and came out within a reasonable time, they bring you nachos and salsa instead of rolls in other restaurants. Everything tasted fresh, and we enjoyed our meal thoroughly. We sat inside, but there is outdoor seating in good weather. And I know they have live Mariachi on Busier nights which is very festive. I highly recommend trying this restaurant for an authentic experience, prices are reasonable for food and drinks."

Thanks to all of you who give us a review, whether it is here, or one of our partner sites like, Yelp, Foursquare, or Trip Advisor.  Your kind words, honesty and suggestions mean a lot., We are ready... come see us on Saturday while in the Square , Excited to be asked & will be at The Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce's 19th Annual Business Expo & Showcase, October 28, as part of the Tasting Room.  Stay tuned for more details as we get closer., Come see the Fluff Festival in Union Square, Somerville this weekend, Saturday, September 27 (raindate 9/28) 3 - 7 pm; we are one of the sponsors of this great evert.  Check out the info in the link below or check out the Union Square Main Streets or Somerville Arts Council pages to learn more....

Also look for us in the Square for giveaways..., So yesterday I posted about our new youtube page.  As we told you we will post videos which showcase our two locations, as well as our house band Mariachi Estampa de America, so if you have some good videos posted them here so that we can share them.

Also check out the revisions to our website and the videos page., Hey look we now have a youtube page!!; keep your eyes peeled for videos which showcase our two locations, as well as our house band Mariachi Estampa de America 

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtcstM3DEsg8lRHeoBtWe-w/videos?view_as=public, Another great thing to share from our customers...

"This is my absolute favorite place to eat!  I keep saying I'm going to try something new when I go , but I just can't! The house margaritas are so good, not too sour like some places that load it with sour mix!  The salsa is fresh, chips are perfect, and the meal I get always comes out perfect.  I get the combo plate with rice, black beans, a chicken enchilada, tamale, and a beef chimichanga.  I can't even really tell you which part of the meal is my favorite, because I love it all.  It is always the same people working there and they are very nice.  The place is clean and has a huge menu.  I went last night for probably the 6th or 7th time and I can't wait to go back.  You have to try this if you are in the Lowell area!"

Some high praise there.  So if you are in the Lowell or Somerville areas, please come by and give us a try; leave us a review & tell us how we are doing or what you think...we know every customer may not make us their favorite but we keep trying., Hey everyone check out our video section to see our new ad running on NECN, NECN.com and on our website.  We posted on this previously but there was trouble with the blast we sent out so I wanted all our fans to see it again., Check out our new video running on NECN and necn.com & our website {www.elpotromexicangrill.com}, This a great local app, spreading the word of great food and some great pictures;  we are happy members of the Fotodish community....please check it out
, what a great idea of pushing community...
, More customer feedback we wanted to share....

"A few friends and I grabbed seats outside, front row for the live mariachi band. The Cadillac margaritas ($10 each) were top-notch. I got the steak carnitas, which were cooked and season perfectly and served with tortillas, peppers and onions, guac and a heaping helping of rice. Without a doubt, you get your money's worth."

Although kind words like these speak of the value of the meal, we like to think of the whole presentation - from our furniture, to the decorations, and yes the band!, all being key ingredients to making not just what is on your plate, but your whole experience a value. 

We hope that you all will consider coming to visit us, and spread the word so that others can come too!, How can you beat praise like this?

"So fresh and flavorful! The prices are good considering the quality of the food. El Potro is always my first choice when it comes to Mexican food!"

We are very lucky to have such great customers; they are what it is all about for us at both of our locations in Somerville & Lowell., Local first is very important to us.  We try to keep our flavors local and authentic, and we love it when our neighborhood dinners come in and visit.  We are always honored and blessed when the leave us with kind words like these:

"I live in Union Sq, and this is the go to Mexican place for me.  They have mole!  Yes!  The food is a good value, and their mole is divine.  It can get a little loud with the live music on weekend nights, but that can be a fun addition to your dinner.   The portions are generous, and I love the fun tables/chairs"

Being part of the Union Square Main Streets, with the culture, and diversity, the color of the festivals and the pulse of the neighborhood, and the culture of @the City of Somerville, Massachusetts, Here is our appearance on the Chef's Plate, a local restaurant review show from 2014, null, Somerville’s Haitian and Brazilian communities are coming together for “Haiti and Brazil Hit The ‘Ville,” a cultural festival on Sunday, Aug. 24 featuring music, dance, food, family-friendly activities and more for the entire community, hosted by the Somerville Arts Council’s ArtsUnion Project in partnership with the City of Somerville and SomerVIVA, the City’s language liaisons program.

The festival will take place on Sunday, Aug. 24 from 2-7 p.m. on the Union Square Plaza, bringing together two of the largest groups within the wider Somerville community that are both served by the SomerVIVA program

- See more at: http://www.somervillema.gov/news/all-invited-citys-first-haitian-brazilian-festival#sthash.qLHmS0Jf.dpuf, We had the great please to have Kim Srey from the fabulous food & adventure blog mami-eggroll blog cme by and eat in our Lowell restaurant, and she honored us with a wonderful review on her blog, as well as a nice review on Yelp.  Please check out the review in this link, where she talks about the Downtown Lowell Music Festival and the Lowell Wine & Food Festival {which we will be a part of Saturday}., null, null, "Curtido (Spanish pronunciation: [kuɾˈtiðo]) is a type of lightly fermented cabbage relish. It is typical in Salvadoran cuisine and that of other Central American countries, and is usually made with cabbage, onions, carrots, and sometimes lime juice; it resembles sauerkraut, kimchi, or tart cole slaw. It is commonly served alongside pupusas,[1] the national delicacy."

Sounds good? well come check it out this weekend at the Ignite! Fire & Street Food Festival hosted by Somerville Arts Council and co sponsored by Union Square Main Streets.

The festival is Saturday August 9 from 6-10 p.m. and our Curtido {which is served with our pupusas in both of our locations} will be part of the pickle/slaw interactive food demonstration.  

Come by & enjoy the festival and stop in & see us at 61 Union Square., http://www.somervilleartscouncil.org/artsunion/2014/ignite, null, check it out - you could win a gift certificate to our restaurants good for either location...
, Come check us out next week as we will be a vendor on Saturday
, filmed in conjunction with Lowell Folk Festival, null, Thanks to our friends at the Greater Merrimack Valley CCB, It's not too late come join us for #Lowell Folk Festival, Come join us for the best margs in Lowell and live music !! 
#Lowell Folk Festival, null, Did you miss the Mariachi in Lowell last night? They will be back at Lowell Folk Lowell Folk Festival today bw 2-5 outside our Lowell location at 124 Merrimack Street

#lowellfolk, Want to see what the Lowell Folk Festival is all about; check out this video of our house and Mariachi Estampa from tonight.

Come check it out live through Sunday; if you can check out what the festival is all about and come in to see us and the mariachi, Come visit us, esp tonight to hear the Mariachi, We love celebrating birthdays; check out this one

http://instagram.com/p/nwaeEAnMDg/, Sidewalk serenade..., Mariachi Thursday...a much fun as taco Tuesday, Do you have a face for television?  If so come by our Lowell location tonight and listen to the mariachi as we film footage for our venture into the world of online and television advertising, We were visited by the site FotoDish who wanted to take some photos to feature on their foodie site., null, null, Three "greats" in a row... we like those numbers...

"Great food, great atmosphere, great service! Summertime brings out the outdoor furniture. Nothing like an ice cold beverage while sitting outside with good music playing in the background. Love it! "

We love comments like this one.  We hope that all of our customers enjoy our open air patios in Somerville and Lowell, and our open air dining in Somerville.  If you are with us this weekend in Lowell do not forget about Lowell Folk Festival, this Friday - Sunday.  Our house band will be performing both in the restaurant and on our patio. 

We hope to see you soon at either or BOTH of our locations., Tres Margaritas, Watch out for our feature in next months Howl magazine... Photos and write ups happening tonight in Lowell, null, Hey it was brought to our attention that we have been nominated as "Best Mexican Restaurant in Somerville" & "Best Restaurant in Union Square" by the readers of Scout Somerville.  

Blending the depth and vibrancy of a national magazine with the immediacy of hyperlocal journalism, Scout Magazines cover the arts, food, news, business, education, fashion, sports, entertainment and politics. A full-color, bi-monthly glossy city magazine honored as Somerville’s small business of the year in 2009, Scout has emerged as an institution and a community-driven voice of fun and reason.

To vote click on the link below:  voting ends July 31 & announcements are made in the Sept/Oct issue.

, null, If we could write captions for the reviews and client feedback we receive, this one I would caption, "Mission Accomplished"

"Dinner for two under 35$! My dad and I went to El Potro tonight in hopes if some authentic guac and Mexican fajitas and El Potro did not disappoint. The ambiance was authentic and fun - complete with a mariachi  band! The wait staff was friendly and helpful! We started with warm chips and fresh house made salsa and by recommendation the marghereitas. The drinks were fantastic. For starters we ordered the server recommender appetizer and it was incredible. With fresh chicken and guac these fried tortillas were light and crispy (and generously stuffed)! After the app, we chose the classic grilled chicken fajitas with extra guac on the side. Usually, when you order guac on the side it's a cheap portion at a high price. However, at El Potro, the heaping scoops of guac come in a bowl with plenty for two! The fajitas were hot and fresh served with warm beans, rice, and the chicken on top of a bed of onions and sizzling peppers. We certainly left satisfied and stuffed - our mission was more than accomplished."

Please come in and see us - you do not have to be on a mission, but please come hungry.- Hope to see you soon in Somerville or Lowell., The Somerville Arts Council and Boston Handmade present a free ArtsUnion Event: The 7th Annual Boston Handmade Marketplace located in Union Square (at the intersection of Washington, Prospect & Somerville Ave.) on Sunday, July 13, 2014, from 11am-4pm (rain date Sunday, July 20). Join us for an afternoon of handmade goodness! and then stop by our Somerville location for a bite to eat before or after!, "A michelada is a Mexican cerveza preparada made with beer, lime juice, and assorted sauces, spices, and peppers. It is served in a chilled, salt-rimmed glass. There are numerous variations of this beverage throughout Mexico and Latin America..."

How many of you knew about spicy beer?  if not, do as our new friend did when he visited us from NY...  Here is what he had to say...

"After a long trip in from New York, El Potro totally hit the mark and was a lifesaver after everything else was closed thanks to our delayed bus.

Slamming micheladas (try your beer this way, especially if you like spicy!), great pupusas, which made worth it to me to indulge in cheese (something I don't usually do!) and generous burritos.  I wish we had this in New York...", null, null, You can not be everyone's favorite, nor is it good to play favorites sometimes, but reviews like this one, make us like being someone's favorite,

"LOVE THIS PLACE! Went for first time Friday night, went back Saturday night. Food was  authentic Mexican as good as I had in El Paso Texas last year. Wait staff are great. legitimately friendly helpful and very likable. Plus, they serve Mexican breakfast all day. My new favorite place.", For those coming to our Lowell location, please note: 
Effective June 21st, at 2PM Middle Street, Palmer Street and Shattuck Street will be closed to all through-traffic. The closure will last through Saturday June 21st at 8PM. Please not there will be no parking allowed any time after 2PM and all violators will be towed.

This is all in association with the Great Race coming to Lowell.

The Greater Merrimack Valley Convention & Visitors Bureau and the City of Lowell Special Events Office is proud to host the
  2014 Hemmings Motor News Great Race tomorrow, June 21st!

Since 1983, The Great Race has been a nationally recognized road rally that goes from Maine to Florida. 2014 will be their 31st year and Lowell is their first overnight stop! The race cars are all vintage cars, with the newest one being a 1959 model and the oldest being a 1914 model.

Race cars are expected to arrive in downtown Lowell between 4:45PM and 6:30PM and will park on Middle Street.
Arrive in downtown Lowell before the Great Race makes their pit stop because there will be a Classic Car Show from 11AM to 4PM where up to 400 cars will showcased!

To learn more information and to see a schedule of events please visit:
http://merrimackvalley.org/events/great-race, Our food photographer is so awesome she got a cover shot on a national magazine!!! Check her out @briana Moore photography, Check out these new photos sent to us which show off our new Somerville store front; come check it out!!, Come join us for live karaoke and the best margaritas in town !!, Looking for something to do this weekend with Dad?  Come to Lowell this weekend.

Baseball returns to LeLacheur Park as the @Lowell Spinners return this weekend for the 2014 Season with a three-game series against The Vermont Lake Monsters. Game Day promotions include a fantastic fireworks display and Pirates Night. 
 
No sure how to spend Father's Day? Let the Spinners take care of it! Come out to LeLacheur Sunday, June 15 and take advantage of the special Father's Day BBQ Package in the Lowell Sun Gator Pit. Gates open at 11:30am for all-you-can-eat BBQ through 1pm, with first pitch at 1:05pm. Save some time in-between, as fathers will have a chance to play catch on the field with their kids in a special event from 12-12:30. 
 
Friday, June 13th | 7:05pm
Saturday, June 14th | 5:05pm
Sunday, June 15th | 1:05pm
 
LeLacheur Park | 450 Aiken Street | Lowell, MA

If you are in town you are not too far from our Lowell location at 124 Merrimack Street.  Stop in either before or after the game.  Hope to see you soon., Come out on Saturday for this great event, One of the things that has always been important to our family which owns the restaurant is recognizing who our customers are.  We know that especially in our Somerville location, we have a lot of urban workers who work the second & even third shifts, and as such we try to open a little early and stay a little late so that everyone can get their bellies full, no matter when their shift ends.  

Today we received some nice comments, which illustrate just why we do it, "Getting off I93 on the way home from work late, I found el potro in union square who's still willing to fill my empty stomach.

It was late. i just wanted something to eat and wanted to eat it quietly. el potro definitely served me food that late... I ordered the fried tilapia dish. it was a bit hard to eat but it was delicious. the things that come with it were also very good. nicely cooked.

When I thought of this experience, things were a bit hazy. I was tired from work and just wanted to pass out. I could be very grumpy and thought that everything was bad. but el potro made my night. i'll come back when i'm in a better mental state."

So come on by any time to Somerville.  For you folks in Lowell let us know if you need us a little earlier or a little later; if we know you are out there we will listen., love getting reviews; sure not all are good, but today we opened up an email report from one of our merchant partners - 91% approval rating out of over 225 responses!! - 

thank you to all of our customers old and new who come in and tell us things like, "The chili rellenos were fabulous. Everything was so fresh and the salsa has a wonderful bite. Glad I went and can't wait to go back. Mariachi band was the best..." and "Awesome food. I was surprised to find Mexican food that qualifies to be healthy with less oil, less salt and fresh ingredients. Spanish staff makes it authentic..."

We might be small in both our locations, but we try to bring each an every customer in both our Somerville and Lowell locations a fine and fun experience.

We hope you can come in soon & hope that we can continue to please you.  Keep those reviews coming - good or bad we try to get back to you on each and every one., View More: http://brianamoore.pass.us/el-potro-menu-shoot

Briana Moore Photography http://www.brianamoore.com, You have to love "character"... This is one of our favorite reviews in a while...

"This place has a MARIACHI BAND on the weekends - including Sunday night. And it's a legit mariachi band too, with a violin and trumpet. Color us impressed

Food was good for the price and came out pretty quickly, only a bit after the complimentary chips and salsa. Sidenote about the salsa: this is actual salsa, with flavor, not chopped up tomatoes in some juice. 
I ordered the enchiladas verdes, which were a bit less saucy than I was hoping, but there was enough of it that I had the rest for breakfast the next day. None of us tried any of the margaritas (unfortunately), but we did see a lot of people enjoying them outside. 

So...it has character."

Come see our "character", meet the mariachi and enjoy our food., null, please come see us & all the great vendors inclusing our house band Mariachi Estampa de America....great event for a great cause
, Our house band, Just a reminder to come out to Lowell on Sunday for Lowell General Hospital's Team Walk for Cancer Care; and stop by after the walk for lunch or appetizers.  Mariachi Estampa will be outside our location starting at 10 am to cheer the walkers on., Come celebrate mother's day in both of our locations. Mother's Day special; @Mariachi Estampa de America will be performing in Lowell from 12-4pm and in Somerville from 7-11pm; bring mom, your wife, grand mom, or the mother of your children, or any special "mom" to celebrate. We hope to see you there., Come celebrate mother's day in both of our locations.  Mother's Day special;  @Mariachi Estampa de America will be performing in Lowell from 12-4pm and in Somerville from 7-11pm; bring mom, your wife, grand mom, or the mother of your children, or any special "mom" to celebrate.  We hope to see you there., come see this great event, which our Lowell location will be among the many sponsors, Well it's Monday and many of you out there may not think her let's celebrate - but why not?  Well because it is Cinco de Mayo that's why!!! Come out and celebrate - even just a little one - we are open and ready to make you smile all day at both our locations in Somerville and Lowell - hope to see you, What a a great way to show your support for local artists - come see the plethora of great stuff going on and stop by our Somerville location at 61 Union Square for a bite or a beverage during your day., starting back up in Union Square 5.17; come enjoy the market and stop in for lunch right up the square at our Someville location.  Check out the Union Square Main Streets page for more.
, Thinking about Cinco de Mayo?  We hope so...please check out both of our locations, esp come see the changes to our Somerville store front, which we hope weather permitting will be ready for the show on Monday., we just think its great when customers share the love...look what someone wrote us today.

"I love this place, it's a great addition to downtown Lowell, the margaritas are delicious (it's hard to get a decent Margarita in New England overall) and the service is friendly and efficient. The food is great and they are always willing to accommodate substitutions for vegetarians or those with other dietary needs, what more could you ask for... ", Big changes coming to our Somerville location; a fresh face is coming to our store front- stay tuned for more (& pictures!!), Still time to come to our inaugural comedy night, What do all these great Stand Up Comics have in common?
Nathan Burke
Kristin O'Brien
Nita Dunn
Brett Johnson
Christopher Poublon
Tonight, Sunday April 27th at El Potro Mexican Bar & Grill Mexican on Merrimack St. in Lowell Massachusetts.

Kris Earle will be hosting and Mark Bedard will close out the night as the hanging chads are counted.

There are only a few spots left and if your are not a regular feature you qualify. Let me know if you want to lock in one of the last few spots.

Admission is free! Come on out and cast your vote for the best comic of the night. It's Sunday Night what else are you gonna do? Great Food and Great Laughs! Be there!

Please feel free to Repost, On Sunday, May 18, 2014 Lowell General Hospital will hold its 15th annual TeamWalk for CancerCare. Last year, with the help of our generous corporate partners and more than 5,000 participants, TeamWalk raised $920,000 to support the Cancer Center services. 

We are so proud of the fact that we have been asked to sponsor & participate in this cause.  The walk will run right by our 124 Merrimack Street location in Lowell.  Our house band, Mariachi Estampa de America will be there playing outside to cheer and encourage the walkers on.

Please join LGH as an individual or put a team together-big or small-and get ready for the experience of a lifetime! If you can’t join us that day, please consider making a donation. Everyone participates for a different reason, united by hope and inspired to make a difference. - See more at: http://www.teamwalk.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1077534#sthash.8q06BzOG.dpuf, Can you describe us if 140 characters or less? - here is one customer who did so without trying: 

"Delicious veggie enchiladas, guacamole, and homemade chips! Nice server. Cool decorations on the seats and all around. ", null, Hey... guess what is coming to El Potro Lowell? - 

Comedy...well we thought we were pretty fun to begin with but our friend @Mark Bedard has asked us to allow his network of local comedians come entertain. 

Starting April 27, the last Sunday of every month at 8:00 p.m., El Potro Lowell will be hosting a comedy night.  

There is be a chance to the crowd to vote for the best comic of the evening and of course enjoy our signature dishes and cocktails.

Stay tuned here fo more & thanks to Mark Bedard for the opportunity., who does not love a little mariachi with their meal?  Well that is what this customer believes & we like how they think...

" got the Chicken Flautas and loved it. Good portions, everything was hot, proper 50/50 bean-to-rice ratio. Boyfriend got some kind of beef enchilada that I had a bite of and that was great too. I would describe what we got as typical traditional Mexican food. Which is to say that it was delicious. There wasn't anything unexpected, but there's nothing wrong with that, and I will definitely be back.

I'm very interested in the mariachi night. I gotta check that out sometime. Who wouldn't want tasty mexican food while listening to delightful mariachi music? "

So come take their suggestion, enjoy lunch or dinner with the mariachi, Spring time is coming; warm temperatures, snow melting; add a little Mexican spice and mariachi music to the mix.  Come eat and enjoy the music of the mariachi on Thursday and Friday in Lowell and Saturday and Sunday in Somerville;, null, Do not miss the performance of Beauty & the Beast - coming this week.  Do not forget, after each performance to come by our Lowell or Somerville locations with your ticket stubs for $5 off your final bill., It may be cold outside but it will be very hot insideour Somerville location during the Somerville Arts Council's Fire & Ice Festival.  Come by as we will be serving a little fire tonight in the form of spicy enchilada rancheras and serveza michelada (spicy Mexican beer),

We hope to see you., Do to the limitations placed upon businesses with their FB pages, we were not allowed to promote the Fire & Ice Festival in Union Square Somerville earlier due to text being in their graphic/  Please come to the Fire & Ice Festival sponsered by the Somerville Arts Council in Union Square Somerville this Sat. March 1, 2014 from 3-6.  We hope tosee you all there.  Check out our page for more info., come visit the Square & our Somerville location on Saturday, Thak you all for those of you who visited us at Winter Fest in Lowell this weekend, either at our 124 Merrimack Street, Lowell location of at Soup Fest on Saturday.  Stay tuned for the the Fire & Ice Festival in Somerville coming this weekend; put on by the Somerville Arts Council, it is sure to be a blast in Union Square., null, Especially on a snowy day, the warm thoughts of our customers keep us smiling....check out with some folks told us this week....

"Service was very friendly and attentive. Drinks were the perfect strength...very tasty but still had a kick. Had the enchiladas the rice and beans seemed fresh unlike the canned u get most places and the sauces were awesome the mole was nice and spicy. My husband had steak fajitas I've never seen a skillet with so much steak and the veggies were super fresh and crisp."

"Good food and drinks, so glad to have a casual sit down joint in downtown Lowell now."

Keep them coming, and keep coming back to our Somerville & Lowell locations., So the debut of our episode of the Chef Plate is today Saturday at 3:30 p.m. on WBIN here in Massachusetts.  Here is the link for the video if you can not catch it.  The segment that will air this Saturday at 3:30 on WBIN, as well as this Sat. & Sun. @1:30 on LWN and next W,T, F @11pm on LWN.  Look up WBIN on your cable menu guide.  

The Live Well Network is broadcast in the Boston area on the following channel: 

Over the Air: 50.2
Comcast: MA- 188, 288, 292, 294; NH- 288, 294; VT- 294
MetroCast Cablevision: NH- 283
Verizon FiOS: 466

Look for the video up on our website {www.elpotromexicangrill.com} this weekend.  We will let you know when it is up there.
, Are you ever in the mood for something new - well if you are, come in to either location and try something you have not tried before. We encourage it.

In fact today, we received this review from someone who did just that.

"One of the better Mexican restaurants I've ever been to! This was my first time ordering chimichangas and this place made it quite memorable. I absolutely loved the refried beans, never had it as natural, smooth and tasty! Definitely make sure to had that with any entree you order. The serving size is pretty generous, I had plenty left to bring home and I'm looking forward to finishing that up."

Come, see, & most important try for yourself., People use the word "atmosphere" a lot to describe restaurants.  We like it when folks like the "atmosphere" we create at both our locations.  Here is some buzz we received about our Somerville location, 

"When in the Union Sq. area El Potro is a great place to have some Mexican food. The quality of the food is pretty good, you will not be disappointed one bit. The serving sizes are good, they filled me up and that's pretty hard to do! It was great to have free tortilla chips and salsa before my meal. I had my dinner there and the atmosphere was great, they played music and the waitresses were very friendly. A huge plus for me was that the kitchen is open until 12:30am! I will be going back."

See for yourself.  Come in to either our Somerville location or our newest location in Lowell & experience the atmosphere, and let us know what you think., We just finished filming our episode of the Chef's Plate New England shown locally on WBIN.  We will share details on airing when we get them, so stay tuned.  It was a lot of fun, and we hope you will watch and share so learn more about our food, our staff, and what makes us tick., Hey we have some new neighbors who just openned up a couple doors down from our Lowell location. AWOL Boutique - check them out and give them a like here on FB AWOL,  as well as drop in when you come see us in Lowell , One of our favorite things, is when someone is looking for "authentic" and they come away from one of two locations feeling like they got that & more.

On the subject of authentic, this is one of the most "authentic" reviews that we have read & that is why we love it & we wanted to share.  One thing to note, we DO serve food outside in Somerville & hope to do so starting this spring in Lowell.  Stay tuned.  While you wait, check out these great words that we think sum us up real well.

"When I am in the mood for delicious cheesy Mexican food, El Potro is the number one jamz. Just to set the tone, one time the boo and I went here for a romantic margaritas and dinner date night, and I got serenaded by the mariachi band. GAME CHANGER.

Foodie culture has contributed to such a dearth of down-home tex-mex spots around Boston. No, Painted Burro, I do not want your low-cheese quesadilla. Ole', get outta here with your fancy pantsy everythings. Don't even start me up on small plates.

As a bona fide Californian, this tastes the closest to home that I'm going to get in this sad Mexican-less burg. Plus, if you check in on Yelp here, you get a free birthday meal! Which I totally took advantage of last year, and odds are, will again this year. The tres enchiladas plate is just everything that I want to eat all the time. And there it is.

The only sad thing is that during the warmer months, you may want to sit outside with your dog and friends and enjoy some deliciousness--but you can't. They're not permitted to serve food outside, only margaritas. Sighhhhhhh.

In closing, my perfect date night is a visit to El Potro followed by Star Wars-themed night at backbar. And since that has already happened, it's all downhill from here.", Is everybody excited about the super bowl?   We are at both of our locations.  Reminder come in today and enjoy a pitcher of margarita(s), or one of many different authentic dishes, and stay around to watch the game on our wide screen televisions and enjoy free appetizers after 6:00 p.m. today.  We hope to see you there., Could not wait to share this review; sums up what we are all about: friendly faces, family values and fresh food.

"We dined out as two vegetarians, one pescatarian and an infant. The waitstaff were friendly, attentive and very sweet to our baby diner. They were happy to make substitutions (vegetarian black beans for non-veg refried, veggie chimichanga instead of meat) in many of the dishes. The food itself was fresh, which is so important when you are relying on vegetables to carry the meal rather than spicy meat. And unlike many vegetarian offerings at nearby Mexican restaurants, the entree is not just a heap of melted cheese or a burrito mostly consisting of rice.

My husband said the margarita was great. Our plan is to El Potro soon for margaritas and appetizers to celebrate having a new dining option in Downtown Lowell!", So although we have a horse in  our logo, that does not make us Broncos fans; in fact we welcome fans of the Seahawks or the Broncos or any other team on Sunday to watch the Super Bowl with us on our wide screen tv(s).  Come in after 6 right before game time order a pitcher of our signature margaritas and enjoy free appetizers., Just a programming notice..,the Mariachi are actually in Lowell every Thurs and Friday night beginning at 6 - not 7 as previously posted.  We apologize for the error, Hey Super Bowl fans, come celebrate the big game Mexican style; On Sunday we will be serving pitchers of our house special margaritas and will have complimentary appetizers starting at 6:00.  So come watch the game on our big screen TV(s) at both our Somerville & Lowell locations., Hey mariachi lovers, our house band @mariachi estampa de america starting this week will be live in Lowell on Thursday and Friday nights from 7, and Saturday & Sunday nights in our Somerville location starting at 7.  Please come in and join us, hey Living Social lovers...pay attention to your email blasts to check out some savings for both of our locations, Hey, hey, hey... another customer with something nice to say... "he staff was very friendly, everything was clean.  Good selection of mexican beers, though no draught (all bottles).  The selection was much better than you find at a typical mexican place (better than just Negro Modelo).  It also looked like they had a really good tequila selection (though I didn't really pay much attention).  I did note they had breakfast dishes on the menu, along with typical mexican fare.  One nice thing -- the menu isn't too huge, like you find at some mexican places.

Got a chicken chimichanga and some tacos.  The tacos were pretty good, though they could have turned up the flavor a notch.  The salsa (for the chips) was outstanding.  The chimi was pretty good; whole chicken breast, not just shredded chicken pieces.  Also good flavor, though I prefer it a bit stronger.

As far as local mexican goes, this place is better than most.  Will go back. ", Ever want to know what the mariachi sound like?  Here take a listen....
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=705423322825262, How about this for a nice treat...

"We stopped in for a margarita and an app before going to event in downtown Lowell. We each had an Ultimate Margarita, which had fresh-squeezed orange and lime juice. They were delicious. The salsa was great also. It had a distinctive flavor that I couldn't quite place. They also brought us some salsa verde from the kitchen that was yummy also. We got the appetizer sampler platter, which had cheese nachos, cheese quesadilla, chicken flautas, chicken wings, and French fries. It was a good amount of food for two people looking for a snack. We'll definitely go back for dinner when we're back in the area"  

We love surprises; come in and see if we can surprise you too in a good way., null, The weather is great today; come out and take a drive or a walk to either of our locations; enjoy some nice weather and some yummy food- entertainment this afternoon in Lowell and tonight in Somerville so come on by, I love compliments, and although we get our critiques some times, nothing is better than simple things like, "Great food and fast; never wait."  or "Great selection of South American beers too." We appreciate all of our reviews, good and bad, your honesty make us better., It is review time again... here are some of the nice words from a recent one, 

"The food was tasty enough, and the portions generous. The bar staff was accomodating and friendly, even going so far as to change the tv to football even though we were content to check the score on the far away screen. It took them realizing that I like spicy salsa to bust out their habañero verdi sauce near the end of my meal, but it was a proper salsa all the same. Great selection of S American beers too!"

Thanks again for all the kind words...and come check us out in either our Somerville or Lowell locations, Check out some great cultural events happening.  For more like the COOL - The Cultural Organization of Lowell site here on FB, null, null, null, Happy New Year to all!!! May you receive many blessings in 2014!!!, Still time to register....local artists take advantage of the great opportunities to keep it local and support folks in your neighborhood, Just a reminder we will be ringing in the New Year at both of our locations - 61 Union Square Somerville & 124 Merrimack Street Lowell - happy New Year to all..., null, If you have not made your New Years plans come join us in Somerville or Lowell; to be sure you have a table call either location to make reservations Somerville 617 666 4200 or Lowell 978 455 2840, What do you want to do this weekend?  Well if you check out the Lowell Sun, they say come to El Potro.  Although written in connection with the opening of our Lowell location, the article speaks to the traditions, and effort that goes into both of our locations in Somerville & Lowell.  Check out the link, and be sure to pay attention to the video on the right to hear from Jason, the son of our owners about our menu and the personal touches that make El Potro something special.

http://www.whatdouwannado.com/events/ci_24788514, The Mariachi play to a packed house, null, The Mariachi welcome everyone outside our Lowell location.  Come see them perform live every week in our Somerville and Lowell locations, Hey the City of Lowell thinks we are spicing up downtown Lowell;  read about it all here on the Mayor's blog...

http://room50.wordpress.com/2013/12/19/el-potro-spices-up-downtown-lowell/, One highlight of the day; seeing folks getting take out ask to have their pictures taken with the Mariachi, Thank you to the staff of the City of Lowell,the Greater Lowell Chamber of Commerce and the Greater Merrimack Valley for joking us at our grand opening today in Lowell.  Thank you all to our customers in Somerville and Lowell for making us a success., Love music at lunch time, El Potro Mexican Bar & Grill proudly invites all to the grand opening of their second location at 124 Merrimack Street, Lowell, MA on Thursday, December 19, 2013 at
11:30am. Local dignitaries including Mayor Patrick Murphy, City Manager Bernard Lynch, and Adam Baacke (Director of Community Development & Assistant City Manager and member of the City Council) have been invited to officially open El Potro’s doors to the public.

El Potro has been serving traditional Mexican cuisine using fresh, homemade ingredients and recipes passed down from
generation to generation. Over the years, the family owned
restaurant has created a menu with a variety of meals prepared daily, even the tortillas are made in house

El Potro embodies an authentic Mexican culture with friendly, inviting staff, great food and drinks, LIVE music, and
even relaxing furniture hand carved in Mexico! The team invites you to visit either or both of our locations (61 Union Square Somerville) & (124 Merrimack Street, Lowell), Come experience the live Mariachi tonight in both our locations, Stay tuned Somerville; come see us but be safe, More fun in store... our new revamped web page is up - we had to make changes to fix some issues and add our new location.  Check it out, including our new interactive menu page... www.elpotromexicangrill.com, love our new friends and neighbors - pay attention to the Greater Merrimack Valley FB page for great updates on the happenings locally, Yes we are open!!! We opened up in Lowell for lunch & dinner today.  Now come enjoy us at both our locations - union Square in Somerville & historic downtown Lowell, Come see our new restaurant and get you picture taken with Santa across the street at the Lowell Area Chamber of Commerce, We received our licenses today for our Lowell location; stay tuned for our soft opening date this week & our grand opening celebration coming soon, null, Coming soon !, Stay tuned on Wed for pictures from out new Lowell location, Enjoy great drinks, colorful atmosphere, and live music tonight and Wednesday night as we raffle off turkey's for thanksgiving!, Want to check us out at El Potro and see what all the buzz is about - Check out our coupon in our photo gallery page for a chance to come in and check us out.  Feel free to share, give us a like here or review us on our yelp page., null, Like our new logo?  Check it out in our photo gallery!!!

Stay on the look out for our new sign in our new Lowell location - 124 Merrimack Street - coming soon!!1, Gearing up; getting our Lowell location ready to open; keeping everyone smiling in our Somerville location

Good things happening for us; stay tuned here for new offers and very soon updates and changes to our web page elpotromexicangrill.com, Ever go a restaurant and order the "usual"?  Our customers, like you do too.  Here is a great story about ordering the 'usual'

"As usual, we grearly enjoyed our lunch at El Potro. We were laughing because we both said...let's try omething new. But, when the waitress showed up we ordered the same as we always get. GF gets the Sopas Jalisco, and I get the Tacos de Adobada. Complete with beans and rice it's the perfect meal. We both enjoy their delicious chips and salsa. (I have to learn how to make one as tasy as theirs). We love it. You will too!", Tell us...what would you say if a friend told you, "Every time I go I have a good experience. Foods good, price is decent and the services is okay. I would suggest the carne asada and there tacos are good too!"  Well we hope you would come and taste for yourself.  See why our customers write such great reviews - come join us for lunch or dinner, appetizers, drinks or just the Mariachi!!, People always want to know what it is like to see & hear the live Mariachi... Check out the videos on our site from last night's performance., null, Come join el Potro with our live mariachi !, null, "Excellent unusual menu items.....fantastic service, great food, marvelous environment..." Sound like a place to go...well come in and see what these customers are talking about., null, Fluff Fest time again in Union Square!  This year's festival takes place on Saturday, September 28 from 3 to 7 pm. (Raindate 9/29.)   

Join us for a celebration of the genius of Archibald Query who invented Fluff here in Union Square in 1917.  Artists, musical and theatrical performers, culinary geniuses and the general public pay tribute this great American creation in a madcap festival.  The sixth annual event includes a performance stage and games stage, participatory activities, gallery show, and craft and food vendors.

It literally takes a battalion to make this festival happen.  More than 200 volunteers give their time that day to coordinate the games, whip up fluffernutters, and generally ensure that everyone has a great time.  Shifts are such that you'll be able to help out and also enjoy the festival too.  Contact Karin at volunteer@unionsquaremain.org with your availability.

The Fluff Festival is presented by Union Square Main Streets as part of the Somerville Arts Council's ArtsUnion initiative with support from City of Somerville { City of Somerville (Official)} and Massachusetts Cultural Council., The Fluff Festival; a Somerville local treasure is coming this September.  Union Square is always a buzz every weekend.  Come in and join us this weekend and see the buzz.  A look for more details on the Fluff Festival coming soon., An update for our fans in Lowell; construction has been delayed but we will be ready for our big opening in September; until then keep coming to see us at our Somerville location, Look out Merrimack Valley we are coming soon to Lowell, Here is some more kind words from our customers, 

"El Potro provides reliably good Mexican brunch with good service.
The food was very good with some unusual items on the menu. "

so come in for brunch, lunch, dinner, even breakfast!!, Some more kind words from our fans, "Much tastier than the usual Mexican restaurant here.", and "Weekend brunch at El Potro has become a pleasure, especially with the casual outdoor-dining area."

Come in and see for yourself..., Someone stopped in from Canada & this is what they said...

"Found this little authentic Mexican restaurant and from the time you walk through the door, you know the food is going to be authentic. Love the chips and salsa they place on your table...salsa is homemade and is endless. I had the beef chili rellenos and it was to die for! The server was very friendly, the atmosphere is amazing, the price is most definitely right and the food...best Mexican I have ever had. Would visit there again if I am in Massachusetts again.", Going through our Monday stuff, found two very nice thoughts from the weekend... 

"El Potro is our FAVORITE REAL MEXICAN FOOD IN BOSTON AMAZING MARGARITAS-GREAT LOCATION"

"Cute restaurant with friendly service. They food is more Tex-Mex than other Mexican restaurants in Boston. Large portions and tasty salsa. "

come in and enjoy; does not have to be a weekend; come have lunch or dinner with us any time., Come Join The fun!, Some 4th of July fun raves..."We've enjoyed ourselves a great deal each time we've eaten at El Potro. The quality and freshness of the food is simply some of the most delicious Mexican food we've eaten here in the area. Never have had a bad experience! ", We love when our customers, tell us stories and leave tips...

"I love El Potro.  First, it's just adorable and festive inside!  They have large tables and booths for groups and outdoor seating. The food is excellent.  I've tried 4 kinds of enchiladas - chicken mole, spinach, cheese, and one with steak.  All were saucy, well-spiced, and yummy, although the spinach was my favorite.  Speaking of spinach, I also love their spinach burrito (I get it with sour cream and guac).  I have no idea what they do to their spinach to make it taste so good.  I liked the chicken burrito too, but I tend to stick with the spinach.  I like their guacamole a lot. It's flavorful and fresh. The chips are also delicious. My boyfriend has been with me once and he loved his chicken chimichanga. 

The Mariachi band on Fridays and Saturdays is good, but if you are going with a group it can be a little hard to hear each other once they start playing, especially if you are sitting in the middle tables. They move around the room in a circle, so if you are in the middle, they are pretty much always close to you.  I recommend getting there early to get your chatting in first or trying to get one of the corner booths.  That way when they are on the other side of the room, you can hear each other.  I do like the band and it's a nice treat, but I just want to give a tip on how to best enjoy the band and your companions at the same time. "

Come on in and make your own story and tell others & us about your experience {& some tips too!!}, Many people do not think about "fish" when it comes to Central American-Mexican but here is a review which change your mind, 

"I've heard the food here is pretty authentic, not that I would know. I do know the food was very good. My wife got something with fish in it, and I got carnitas, both very good. Everything was prepared well, including the sauce, meat, rice, and beans. ", Here is what one of repeat customers is saying about us, "I've been here a few times now, having lived in Union Square. Including on nights with the mariachi band, which was loud and made it hard for talking hard, but was fun.

Overall good food, good price.

I enjoyed the chips and salsa - fresh chips and good, flavorful salsa.

I got the carne asada, which was good - a lot of food and tasty. Tortillas were thick as hell and made for some good, filling tacos. Meat was thin and a little fatty, but well flavored and plentiful."

We like it when folks like to come back - so yes it is loud on Mariachi nights, but come in and enjoy the food, the fun and the atmosphere, One of the things we love if when folks are honest in their assessments, here is a great example of how folks feel about us here at El Potro

"Another solid choice for dining in the Union Square neighborhood.  It is reasonably priced, has an extensive menu, and in the summer there are a few tables outside to enjoy the nice weather with one of their tasty margaritas.  Inside, there are plenty of booths and in the middle are smaller tables.  Some of those tables can feel crowded when it is a full house.  The chairs with the tables are brightly painted and match the bright walls.

I'd rate the food as four stars and the service averages at a three.  Unfortunately, the service is not always consistent, though the servers are always friendly but can sometimes have too many tables at one time.  However, it clearly has not deterred me from dining at the establishment, I'd just suggest coming when you are not in a huge rush.  

On the drinks front, the house margarita works just fine for me.  Generous in size, they are the appropriate mix of tequila and tart lime.  For me it is the drink of choice.  

Food wise, I have definitely sampled different entrees and have been pleased with each.  Some highlights for me include the chipotle tacos (made with chicken) and the enchiladas suizas (with your choice of chicken or beef).  As a starter, I tend to order to guacamole which is a great accompaniment to the complimentary chips.  The chips are nice and salty (not overly salty) and also come with a tomato based chunky salsa.  

If you have a hankering for Mexican food, this is a solid choice.  There is a large menu which caters to carnivores and vegetarians quite well.  I still plan on sampling "new to me" items off the menu.  

And on weekends, there is a great mariachi band. ", Where can you find "well-prepared food; generous servings; friendly service; unusual decor & a great mariachi band Friday & Saturday night"? - well right here at El Potro...well that is what are client's are saying about us this week...Please come in and see for yourself, here is more coming from our customers, "El Potro is a Gem in the Union Square area of East Somerville. GF, and I love eating there...especially breakfast. You get a big bowl of great chips to start along with a fabulous salsa to dip them in, and it's delicious. We've been there several times and everything we've ordered has been really good. This is wonderful Mexican food. ", Come join us tonight and celebrate memorial weekend with the best margaritas in town, great food, and live karaoke with El Potro and his dj potrillo., love these type of reviews... "We love this place!  The staff is friendly, the food is awesome, and there is live music! ", Come join El Potro Mexican Grill at "Taste of Somerville", Five Stars? - wow that is what some of our diners say...here is the some comments to go along with a handful of stars

"I appreciated the fresh, straightforward cooking--all dishes were enjoyable. ", Happy Mother's Day... Come celebrate with your mom today; say hello to our resident mom(s) when you come in today..., Hey not everyone thinks about us for breakfast...here is what fan told us about breakfast at El Potro, 

"breakfast food was delicious!!! love the corn tortillas!"

Come check out of breakfast menu; or come in for brunch, Yum...Yum... - well maybe this customer did not use these words...so we will let you read what they did say & why we hope they, like you will keep coming back for more...

"I've been searching high and low in Boston for some good Mexican food, not super authentic or anything  just a little more like the deliciousness I've come across in NYC and Cali. El Potro is one of the best I've found in the Boston area. They also get points in my book because they have such a fun, colorful interior and mariachis. These mariachis are great too, good singers and don't make you feel self conscious when they approach your table. Also I'm a vegetarian who loooves mole sauce and I can barely find anywhere where mole is offered not on chicken, El Potro offers it though and mmm it's soo good. Check it out for a fun night of yummy Mexican food! ", Enjoy cinco de mayo!, Come join us her at el Potro for cinco de mayo! Great music and drinks!, One of the benefits of being part of the Rewards Network program is we get lots of visitors to the restaurant.  Here is how our out of town guest feel about us... "When I stay in Boston, this place is right around the corner! I love the art and the food! ", Another great customer story, "Went here last night with my boyfriend. We were seated quickly. I wanted a margarita, but I did not want to pay $10 for one.  I had tequila at home anyway, so it was fine, I got water. Next time I will get a margarita and just get an appetizer or something.  I kept looking over at other tables envious of their large drinks. 

We had chips and salsa to hold us over, (the salsa is hot, very good). The mariachi band serenaded us which was really fun (usually I get a bit embarrassed by that sort of thing) and there was soccer playing on the tvs around us.  I love soccer.

Finally, our food arrived.  I had the chicken fajitas and ohmygosh was there a lot of food.  I got black beans, not refried, and they were delicious, perfectly salty. I stuffed my face with two fajitas and took the rest home.  In fact, I just had some leftovers a moment ago and it was still so good and flavorful.  I wish they gave you more tortillas with the meal (only 3) because there is so much filling compared to tortillas.  We had to wait a while for our waitress to give us the bill, but we just sat and digested and enjoyed the atmosphere and music. ", look we have a growing fan club...

"Fan. Big fan. My husband and I ate there again last night and I said to him, "This place really is a hidden gem." Big menu, extremely reasonable prices, flashy yet kitchy mexican decorations, friendly staff, and bottomless chips and salsa. My only complaint would be that the margs are expensive for what they are ($10 for a house marg - but bonus points for coming in a mason jar). 

Last night we got the fajitas for two with chicken and steak. Steak was fantastic; not that the chicken wasn't good (because it was) but the steak stood out. And the PORTIONS! We ate like kings, and will be for the next two days with our leftovers. Do yourself a favor and go. ", More kind words, about the food & staff at El Potro...

"Charming place with good food at great prices and a Mariachi band wandered the tiny interior. It was a pleasant surprise."

"El Potro is some of the best Mexican food in Boston. I always love coming to eat here. The food is rich in flavor the wait staff are great and there is always something exciting going on either in the restaurant or surrounding neighborhood. "

"Big portions of very good food. Good service.", null, Mariachi Time!!, Sounds like some folks think we are super fun..."El Potro is HANDS DOWN the BRIGHTEST, most flamboyant restaurant I've ever seen! They recently advertised on Living Social, and I'm not quite sure why. It made me hesitant to go again, but I'm glad I did! Recently went here with a large-ish party (8 people). They were accommodating when we moved our tables, and everyone was super friendly. The first time I went here was during the day, but this last visit was at night, and there was a wan, yet talented Mariachi band. The food here does the job - it's not horrible, but it's not really amazing. It's delicious, and has a nice "home" quality to it! But the whole experience - being here with all the colors, the cheesy pictures on the wall, the cheesy memorabilia, the fun TV, and the amazing music (which may include virtuosic tuba!) - all of this contributes to the wonderful establishment that is El Potro! (I have included pics and video! During this last trip, some random diners started singing with the band - magic!)", The positive reviews keep on coming...."We loved the Mariachi Band. Yelp reviewers had recommended the Pupusas and the pork Huraches. They were so good I could have just eaten these! The Margaritas, Shrimp fajita, and refried beans we also quite good. The only thing we tried that underwhelmed me were the fish tacos. That being said, the Mariachi Band and the amazing Huraches enticed me to buy a second living social voucher. :)", Check out some of the comments from out Living Social Promotion!! see our page for more details, Hey check out our Living Social Deal; come in and enjoy lunch or dinner - your choice, Weekends can be busy here at El Potro...but here is a reason it is worth the wait...

" This is my second time at El Potro, but my first actually dining in. My girlfriend and I went for dinner on a Friday evening. I know the place has amazing food/atmospher because we had to wait for the table. We were surprised that a mariachi band began playing. They were extremely upbeat and played amazing music. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for excellent food and a prime location. ", Come join the fun at El Potro Mexican Grill!, We love diners who get excited - makes us excited,

"This place is a hidden gem! I came here for the first time last night and the food was amazing, best Mexican restaurant I have been too in a very long time.Very authentic and flavorful and good prices. I will be coming back and and cant wait to try there margaritas and other menu items ", Check out the latest from Union Square, Here is another review;  I love when people comment on what makes us unique & special.  Come see for yourself.

"El Potro has some good vegetarian options (though I wish they had more!) and they offer some foods hard to find elsewhere, like pupusas. Overall the portions are a generous size, I often have leftovers to bring home, and everything is very tasty. The carved and colorful benches are a nice addition, as is the live music that they offer at times. ", look at what our diners are saying today, 

"I love El Potro! I am from Texas so needless to say, I'm a bit picky about my mexican food. El potro is not Tex-Mex but it is very good Mexican cuisine. I highly recommend the fish tacos and the fajitas. The service is excellent and the waitress was very friendly and attentive to our needs (without being overbearing). If you go on weekend nights, they often have a live mariachi band which creates a fun atmosphere. ", stay tuned fans; you might be hearing our name on CBS Radio spots and on CBS.com again, Did you know today is National Margarita Day; come celebrate the Margarita all weekend at El Potro.....same our many different varieties, We always tell people to come celebrate their birthday with us.  For one, if you show us proof your meal is free!!; most of all we want to treat you like one of the family...Here is a birthday story shared with us today.

"El Potro is hands down the best Mexican restaurant in Boston.  I'm originally from Arizona, and I think this place gets it right! The chips and salsa (free as they should be) are amazing, the margaritas are not too acidic, and the veggie burrito is delicious! 

This place is great in other ways too.  It's open late. The decor is colorful and authentic.  The staff is super nice.  I went there for my birthday and they were super sweet and accommodating.  They put together about 5 tables so we could have a big group.  My friend brought a cake and they put candles on it and brought out plates and a knife to cut it.  There was also karaoke, which is hard to explain, but it was a lot of fun.  I think we stayed there over two hours and made a huge mess and had a ridiculous check split at the end, but the staff was great the whole time.  I highly recommend going here! 

Only suggestion: make a chile relleno burrito!!! ", Come join us on this beautiful day of love with live Mariachis, great drinks, food, and our wonderful staff, From Union Square Mainstreet(s), "An historic storm dumping over two feet of snow last weekend was cause for community building in Union Square. Once the last flake fell streets were alive with shovelers digging out, sledders seeking another hill, and pedestrians eager to explore and to discover whatever new surprise might be uncovered. Those surprises included an array of snow art, giant snowball fights, and an outdoor dance party. 

Proving the resilience and value of a pedestrian oriented city neighborhood cafes, bars and restaurants were gathering spots for revelers eager to get out of the house. Unprepared for the crowds, loyal customers and neighbors jumped in to assist with shoveling so the staff could get brewing and baking.  

Saturday afternoon was perhaps the highlight as the Artisan's Asylum's "Union Square Snow Day" took place. Over 750 said they'd attend on the facebook invite announcing the event.( For pix and info see: https://www.facebook.com/events/566841069995108)  

Even for those who stayed snug in home, the storm was a time for connecting with community.  Resident Sara Cohen wrote this piece reflecting on the neighborhood and her home after the storm."   

Stay tuned for El Potro's pix - it was a great fun & community coming together., here is what people are saying today..."  I love going to El Potro. The food is excellent. This restaurant is a great addition to Union Square. I will be a regular here. "

come in, check us out & hopefully you will become a regular too., we love birthdays... here is a great story shared with us today:

"We were looking for good authetic Mexican food to celebrate my daughter's birthday.  This was our first time but will not be our last!  Everything was fantastic.  We loved the decor.  Our server was very friendly.  The food was tasty.  Loved the bottomless salsa and chips.  We all loved our entrees!  At the end of the meal Happy Birthday started playing thru the stereo and our server brought my daugthter a delicious flan with a birthday candle.  What a great little restaurant. ", We know you love us at dinner and for Mariachi & karaoke but we want to see you for lunch.  Come join us for lunch Monday-Sunday; check in with Facebook or Yelp and enjoy special lunch time desls, Come join us for good food and good times, Hey folks & fans, check in from El Potro during the Patriots game today from Facebook or Yelp and receive $5 off your check!!!, Come down and enjoy the Patriots game with some of our delicious entrees or appetizers while you enjoy the game, Hey everyone... thanks for all the recent likes on our page; keep them coming;  remember to tell your friends about us; have them like us here, or check in from Yelp for special deals, We belong to the Rewards Network as part of their customer rewards program; we often get rewards hear kind words, and wanted to share this example for you,

"Everything was delicious. The margaritas were good ... the food was very good so we will definitely go again. It was a pleasant surprise to find out that it is also a restaurant that participates in the dining rewards program!"

So if your credit card is part of the @Rewards Network, come in have a great meal, and earn rewards!!, h, null, "When it comes to Mexican restaurants, this place is the real deal.  Good food, good service, Mexican beer.  Live music some nights.  Worth a visit for the decor alone."  - with reviews like that, why not stop in, especially tonight to ring in the New Year!!!, Merry Christmas from our family to your family, Love reviews like this one....

 "Fun little cantina-type joint in Union Square. Most of the clientele is Spanish-speaking, so you have to assume some authenticity. My friend said the tamales were quite good. They also have a wide variety of Mexican lagers and a full bar. ", Here is another review, from a loyal El Potro Regular...

"I love this place.  I've probably been about a half dozen times.  I think the atmosphere is adorable and our service has always been friendly and attentive in a family-restaurant, not fine-dining way.  

I've had a variety of different food items and they have all been tasty.  It definitely reminds me of a place in the south, rather than a "fancy" Mexican place.  Which, is what I like.  I want an authentic feeling Mexican restaurant that is decently priced.", Be sure to check out cbslocal.com tomorrow for the latest deal for El Potro!!!  We will post a link when available, Wow great food and great service! Only at el Potro Mexican grill, Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours.  Please be safe & enjoy your family., Come join us for a special karaoke tonight with el Potro and his Dj! 

Vengan a disfrutar lo mejor de karaoke con el potro y su dj, Thanks to all our new fans; hope you come in and enjoy the eats, and the entertainment...always stay tuned to deals and promotions we run, like recently on LivingSocial and Amazon local, and soon CBS.com;  Also check us out and review us on Yelp & TripAdvisor, Another of our diners left us a great compliment, 

"Small cantina run by Mexican family. Owner sings Mariachi several nights/wk - good singer. Unique atmosphere - hidden gem. Great authentic food."

thanks - if you have not come in an experienced the food, fun and of course the Mariachi, come in and see what you have missed., Due to the success of our recent voucher programs we have been asked by CBS.com to be featured as a vendor on their sites beginning December 7 so stay tuned!!!, Had a great time on Saturday, at the Latin Foods & Local Brews event;  Today we received the best compliment from the organizers, 

"Thanks so  much for your participation!  Your food was the BEST!  I really enjoyed your staff, too.  So helpful and nice!"

Love to help a great cause & get to meet great people.  If you want to take a taste of our food & our own sampling of local domestic & imported beers, as well as sample our Margarita(s) please come in., null, We will be one of the featured restaurants at the Latin Brews & Local Brews this coming Saturday held by Casa Connection

Please stop by & support a good cause, Live mariachi and great atmosphere here at El Potro! Come down and join us!, we still have plenty of vouchers left through LivingSocial and AmazonLocal; check out both sites for this week's deals; & share with your friends, How about these for kind words, "Super friendly staff and absolutely delicious, authentic food. We'll be regulars! "

We love happy customers - please come in and see why folks leave happy with their meal and El Potro!, null, See our deal on LivingSocial and AmazonLocal, Karaoke night with el Potro and his dj potrillo

Noches de karaoke con el potro y su potrillo, we love adjective like this...

"The Shrimp Enchiladas were AWESOME! And the salsa is very fresh, flavorful and spicy. We will return for the delicious food.", Here what our customers say about coming back for more...

"I've been to El Potro several times before and am always happy to return. Their mole sauce is excellent, and it's great on the enchiladas. They also have delicious homemade tortillas and their shrimp dishes are awesome--made with large, juicy shrimp, typically sauteed in a flavorful sauce. I will continue to return! "

Come on it and give us a try!!, They say that a picture is worth 1000 words; sometimes one word is all you need though;  A diner in a recent review summed up their thoughts in one word 

"Delicious!"

Come in and see why diners find us "delicious"., Do you use Yelp?  If you do check out the new deals we are running on Yelp..., Come join us at tonight with El Potro and Javier Iraheta for karaoke night!

Vengan a disfrutar con el potro y Javier Iraheta en las noches de Karao, Look what our diners are saying today...."I love them, I went this time for take out but sat and ate soup while I waited."

Come in and see why customers love us., Wow Check out Elias & Jason from El Potro in this feature; for more great stuff "like" Somerville Arts Council , This fluff festival is awesome!!!, null, Come to Union Square today for Somerville's annual Fluff festival (rain date Sunday) while there come for a late lunch or dinner and say hi!!, How can you beat this kind of kuddos, 

"One of our favorite places in the area for Mexican food. Always delicious. Friday night mariachi band was a fun treat. Highly recommend. "

Please come and check out the food & fun of the Mariachi every week (weekend) at El Potro.  To see a link to the schedule, events, and to the Mariachi, check out our website

elpotromexicangrill.com, did you know we are on Yelp & TripAdvisor...feel free to come in and give us a review & let us know what you think..., here is a great review from Trip Advisor,

"Great Place for Mexican...

An amazing decor is the first thing you will notice about this restaurant. The food is great although a little overpriced, and during lunch hours the service is better than at night. If you want fun, go to the "Karaocanta" nights. Sometimes you'll be lucky and will hear live mariachi music (the owner among them!) - Visited September 2012"

come in and see if you agree; as always feel free to share with your friends..., Another great review...."Great atmosphere, friendly staff, good food, convenient location in Union Square."  if you are in the Square come check us out, or share with your friends, How can we resist reviews like this, 

"This place is awesome! Lots of authentic Mexican dishes (omitted) down the street do not serve and might be better overall (hard to judge after only having one dish). They have horchata! If you're in the Union Sq. area, check it out.", Las niches de karaoke con el Potro, From a diner, "excellent mole. good salsa. fun mariachi..."; we love getting great reviews; come check us out for yourself., Check out what Eric S. told us in a review
"This place is awesome! Lots of authentic Mexican dishes La Cantina Mexicana down the street does not serve and might be better overall ( hard to judge after only having one dish). They have horchata! If you're in the Union Sq. area, check it out. ", Hoy se presenta en el potro Don Javier Iraheta uno de los mejores pa cantar con el DJ Potrillo., Come to el Potro live music and great margaritas!!! 

Vengan a disfrutar musica en vivo y buenos tragos!, Very excited that we will participating in the Hungry Tiger Arts Festival in Union Square on August 11, 2012 in Union Square; come out and get some good eats sponsored by the Somerville Arts Council, null, Many people, do not think about us for breakfast; it is something we love to do, especially on the weekends...here is someone who recently told us what they thought about breakfast at El Potro, "We went right as they opened on a Sunday morning, so we were the only people in the restaurant. The server was friendly and attentive enough, even as she was running around continuing to get the restaurant ready for the day. We had the Huevos Rancheros and the Desayuno al Mexicano. The eggs on both dishes were fresh and tasty, portions were big, both breakfasts came with thick slices of fresh avocado, but the most notable thing was the fresh homemade corn tortillas. Those tortillas are what will bring me back. ", Look what a diner, said about us today, 

"Great food and atmosphere. Many returns. ", Another satisfied diner:
"When you walk in, it is quite festive, bright colors and great music playing. The food tasted very authentic and the value was good for that area. We had the grilled steak tacos and the chips that are complimentary. It was just a quick bite for us, but we plan to eat there again. ", Look what our diners are saying about us:
"When you walk in, it is quite festive, bright colors and great music playing. The food tasted very authentic and the value was good for that area. We had the grilled steak tacos and the chips that are complimentary. It was just a quick bite for us, but we plan to eat there again. ", Come to el Potro and have some drinks sing karaoke and see EL POTRO himself sing all night long!

Vengan a disfrutar de la música en vivo con el potro, la comida buena u los tequilas mas fuertes!, Mariachi en vivo a todo color en el potro! Tonight!, Karaoke nights con la Catrachita y dj guanaco, Even our waitresses sing!, El potro's assistant manager trying to sing! Come all your all welcome to sing with us!, El DJ ROBERT!, EL DIAMANTÉ NEGRO!, Live Karaoke nights at El Potro Mexican Grill with the Black Diamond and his dj DJAY ROBERT-

Las noches de Karaoke en vivo con el DIamante Negro y su dj DJAY ROBERT-, Somerville Location, En vivo! El potro con las noches de karaoke! Ahora martes 3 de julio 

Live at el Potro, el Potro himself! Karaoke nights! Come join us !, Come to el Potro experience the live mariachi!!, We are back at Piece of Somerville come join us starting @5:30 at holiday inn in somerville, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjMYLrcsZyc

Come To El Potro!! and enjoy!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quGjVEZj3J0
Mariachi Live!, Mariachi Estampa De America Live!, null, null, Ready for CINCO DE MAYO?!, Noches con el mariachi estampa de America!!!, Noches de karaoke en el Potro!!! 
Con el mero Potro

Karaoke nights at el Potro with el Potro himself!, null, LIVE KARAOKE TONIGHT STARTING AT 9PM!

JOIN US FOR A GREAT TIME!, null, Live Mariachi Tonight with El Mariachi Estampa De America @8pm

Mariachi En vivo Ahora con el Mariachi Estampa De America
@8pm
Come Join us !, null, null)