List(Get Fit For Summer With Healthy Salad Options From Tossed http://mrkt.ms/UfUT, Try a Breakfast Scramble From Tossed, Back Bay’s Best Lunch Spot http://mrkt.ms/UxoB, Cater Your Next Event With Delicious Sandwiches From Tossed, Sandwich Shop Tossed Makes Healthy Eating Easy This Holiday Season http://bit.ly/1ICCXl7, Earn Rewards & Enjoy One of The Best Lunch Spots With The 'Get Tossed' App http://bit.ly/1r77oqt, null, With the Tossed App, You Can Enjoy One of The Best Lunch Spots and Earn Rewards http://bit.ly/1vIOHgW, Go Vegetarian For The Day With These Fantastic Healthy Salads From Tossed http://bit.ly/1qkDuf8, Satisfy Your Hunger Pangs With These Wraps From Tossed Sandwich Shop http://bit.ly/1meRHYV, Cool Off This Summer With These Refreshing Salads From Tossed http://bit.ly/1m4XboK, Craving a Mid-Afternoon Snack? Stop by One of The Best Lunch Spots For Some Delicious Options http://bit.ly/1thVcVj, null, null, null, $5 FREE!!  Download the 'Get Tossed' app powered by Level Up for your phone and get 5 bucks to spend in either store on us!, Get Rewarded For Your Loyalty With The “Get Tossed” App! http://bit.ly/1fSpwC3, Tossed is Warming Up New England With Hot Soups & Grilled Panini All Winter Long http://bit.ly/19Pov5D, Don't want to go out in the snow?   Have Tossed deliver catering to your office to start off 2014!   http://bit.ly/1eXUqsd, Merry Christmas from Everyone at Tossed!, null, Seasonal Delight Comes to Boston's Best Lunch Spot Tossed http://bit.ly/1bfg7MB, Check out this article posted on EzCater's blog earlier this week!   
Thanks EzCater! http://bit.ly/1hA7nHg, null, GO SOX!!, Thanks HFC for having us at your event last night!  It was a tremendous success!, Thanks to all of our Customers for helping the Prudential Store grow last year! http://bit.ly/15OzZYc, null, Boston's Best Lunch Spot Has Hot Sandwich Options For Cold Weather http://bit.ly/15A2JG9, null, null, 5 Must-Try Tasty & Healthy Lunch Salads From Tossed in Boston  http://bit.ly/14fYwH4, null, Avocado Fridays at Tossed! http://bit.ly/14RIjFO, Enjoy Breakfast at Tossed & Save 20% on Lunch or Dinner With Receipt http://bit.ly/1eqlwT2, null, Dress for Success Boston we were happy to be part of your event., Ella B. (5/5) on Yelp http://www.yelp.com/biz/tossed-boston#hrid:Ex4J0MLKqso58z7iK3Bo6w, null, Start your day off right - Eat Breakfast at Tossed!   http://bit.ly/12bnWOt, null, Stay Dry - Eat Early!  Come into Tossed Post Office Square before 12pm and save 2 bucks on lunch!  http://bit.ly/1aQg7FC, Wow your clients next week with a Fresh, Crisp Salad Bar from Tossed!, null, null, Come celebrate the 1st day of Summer at Tossed and get 2 dollars off your meal! http://bit.ly/11R2UEN, Dinner for the Stanley Cup - 50% off! http://bit.ly/11ZzgRM, null, Tossed supporting the Bruins Foundation and the Boys and Girls Club of Boston! http://bit.ly/11vJlBH, null, null, null, null, Check out the picture collage from our VIP Party last month. , Happy 1 year anniversary to the new owner!, Our thoughts and prayers are with the city of Boston tonight.  Thankfully everyone in the Back Bay location are safe and sound.  Thank you for checking in on us!, We are officially open for business at One Post Office Square! 7 a.m.- 7 p.m. Come on by and check us out!, The fun with lettuce continues., The ceremonial lettuce head cutting., Our team is ready for the Post Office Square VIP Party., Get ready for our new One Post Office Square location. Sign up at www.tossedevents.com for a chance to win a free meal at One Post Office Square or an invite to our VIP opening party., Here is another inside look at our Post Office Square location that is opening very soon!   Can't wait to see you at the new store. Thank you to our loyal customers who have been so patient waiting for the opening., A sneak peak at our PO Square location. See u soon., Congrats to our local winner John Julio., We agree with The Shops at Prudential Center, Let's go Pats, Design your own wrap for a chance to win a $100 Tossed gift card or an iPad Mini!
 
Enter here today: 
http://www.tossed.com/wrap-up-your-resolution, Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the families, friends and responders affected by the tragedy in Newtown, CT today., Black Friday Special!!!   Come into Tossed today, mention this post and receive 10% off your meal.  Happy Shopping from Tossed!, Happy Thanksgiving! Stop by tomorrow and eat light so you'll have room for all those leftovers tomorrow night!, Come into Tossed and try our newest menu item - - The Chipotle BBQ Chicken Panini!    BBQ Chicken, Banana Peppers, Parmesan Cheese, and Ranch Dressing served toasty hot., Tossed Mario and Tossed Luigi - - saving Princess Peach from boring salads.   Happy Halloween!!, Come into Tossed today, say "Trick or Treat" to our costumed cashiers for a free brownie!   Happy Halloween!, null, Tossed Boston does it again. The greatest increase in sales for any restaurant in the Prudential Center. 2 years out of 3 and gunning for another one., Check out our fully wrapped delivery vehicle.  Let us know if we can deliver to your hood while the new location is under construction.  Call us at 617.424.8677 to place an order., Check out the question on the Tossed page. What is the most unusual ingredient you have ever eaten in a salad? Flowers perhaps? The best answer wins a $10 gift card!, Check out the poll question on the Tossed page. We want to know what is your favorite salad on our menu., Start your week off right by designing your own salad with our fresh ingredients. Or you can choose one of our freshly prepared chef designed salads., Have you tried the Tossed National Salad Contest winner Tangy Sweet Tuna yet? It's delicious and full of protein., Tossed is greener than you think. Did you know that our salad bowls are made from 3 PET bottles?, Happy 4th of July!, Congrats to the Tossed National Salad Contest Winner Greg Heller from Boston.  His winning recipe will be available beginning July 1st. Stop by and try the Tangy Sweet Tuna!, Happy Father's Day to all of the dads out there., Tossed was included in the 5 Business Ideas That Inspire by Business News Daily!, Do you like hummus? Try our new Mediterranean Crepe Wrap., We have a delivery vehicle at the Prudential and can deliver/cater!   Please call us at 617.424.8677 if we can deliver to your office or cater your next meeting!, Hummus is here! Try our new Mediterranean Crepe Wrap., Today is the last day to enter our National Salad Contest! Hurry up and get your entry in before it's too late!, Only 2 days left to enter our National Salad Contest! Go to www.tossed.com/design-your-own to enter. May the best salad win!, Have a happy and safe Memorial Day, The end of the month is coming up soon! Don't miss your chance to enter our National Salad Contest! Go to www.tossed.com/design-your-own to enter. May the best salad win!, Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there., Have you entered our National Salad Contest yet? Go to www.tossed.com/design-your-own to enter. May the best salad win!, Try our Breakfast!  Come in and buy breakfast, bring your receipt from breakfast and get 20% off your lunch order!, The 5th Annual Salad Contest begins today! Enter for a chance to win a $500 gift card. May the best salad win., Tossed LA was featured on ABC LA's Earth Day segment!, In honor of Fenway Park's 100th Anniversary, say "Happy Birthday Fenway" at the register and receive a dollar off of your order today., Graduation parties are almost here! Tossed is ready to cater the special occasion., Check out our new green elements!, South West Blackened Chicken Salad...fresh, delicious and ready to be made just for you., null, Happy St. Patrick's Day, Back Bay Blackout - WE ARE OPEN!!!  We have salads and sandwiches!  Come and get them - cash only., One week until our Grand Opening in LA!, Check out the post about us on The Boston Foodie., In honor of Avocado Month here are some fun facts about avocados. We love avocados at Tossed!, The countdown to our Grand Opening in LA has begun! Stay posted for updates., Check out the review of our Vancouver location on Eating in Vancouver., Beauty Goodies featured tips for a healthier spin on your Valentine’s Day meal and the rest of the month from Tossed!, Let's Go Pats!, Looking for catering for the Big Game? We have you covered., Lets Go Pats!, Check out the lettuce head and ribbon cutting from the Boca Raton Grand Opening., AFC Champs!, We can't wait for Sunday...bring on the Ravens!, Bring on the Broncos!, Get Toasty with our hot soups and grilled panini this winter!, Happy New Year!, Today is our grand opening at Town Center Mall in Boca Raton,FL!, Happy Holidays to all, It's ok to double dip. Bring in your breakfast receipt and receive 10% off your next order the same day., Take a break from your holiday shopping at the Pru and Newbury Street with a hot soup or a grilled panini at Tossed!, Need help catering your office party?  Our salads, crepe wraps, and sandwiches are always a crowd pleaser., We are pleased to announce our newest location at One Post Office Square, in the heart of the Financial District!  See you at our Grand Opening in early 2012!, Let us bring you a healthy, happy holiday by catering your next event, Happy Thanksgiving!, Add some healthy greens to your Thanksgiving feast with one of our fresh salads!, Start spreading the news...., It's National Sandwich Day! Celebrate with one of our delicious sandwiches or hot paninis., Take a break from all of the Halloween candy...stop by today for a fresh & healthy meal, Our Vancouver location opens today!, You asked for it...the Chicken Caprese Salad is back for a limited time. Stop by and try one today! http://ow.ly/i/j9XE, 1 week until our Grand Opening in Vancouver!, 2 weeks until our Vancouver location opens!, Biggest game of the season tonight! Let's go Sox!, It's the final week of the Summer Salad Fest! The featured salad of the week is the Tossed Chef Salad., Let's go Pats!, It's Week 7 of the Summer Salad Fest! The featured salad of the week is the Greek Salad., Football is back! Pick up your favorite salads, sandwiches or crepe wraps to enjoy while cheering on your team this weekend., It's Week 6 of the Summer Salad Fest! The featured salad of the week is the Tossed Tuna Salad., We hope everyone has a fun and safe holiday weekend, Chic Mom Magazine featured Tossed COO Eric Clark's article 5 Smart Choices for Healthy School Lunches., Have you tried our new Spinach Salad yet? Baby spinach,crumbled blue cheese,strawberries & almonds with fat free raspberry vinaigrette., Week 5 of the Summer Salad Fest begins today! The featured salad of the week is the BBQ Chicken Salad., Stop by and try our new breakfast offerings! Create your own scramble starts at just $3.95 and includes a drink., Week 4 of the Summer Salad Fest begins today! The featured salad of the week is the Apple Walnut Salad., Week 3 of the Summer Salad Fest begins today! The featured salad of the week is the Asian Chicken Salad., Looking for fun and healthy salads to share with the whole family? Our BBQ Chicken Salad and Apple Walnut Salad are always crowd pleasers., Stop by and check out our new menu boards and menus. Let us know what you think., Week 2 of the Summer Salad Fest begins today! The featured salad of the week is the Tossed Signature Salad., Who's going to Fenway this weekend to watch the Sox take on the Yankees?, We are proud to announce our newest location in Town Center at Boca Raton! Now you can enjoy our food while you shop!, Tossed President Jason Chodash was named to the South Florida Business Journal's 2011 40 Under 40, 2011 Summer Salad Fest begins today! Check out our weekly featured salads from the week of August 1st- September 19th. The featured salad of the week is the Summer Salad!, The Tossed 2011 Summer Salad Fest starts on August 1st.  Stay tuned for details., Only a few days left to try the Chicken Caprese Salad!, Thanks Brigham for the post. LA here we come!, Sarah's favorite toss-ins were very popular, we wanna know what your favorite is?, Don't forget to take advantage of our frequency card program! As valued Tossed customer you should reap the benefits., Its a hot day nationwide so get out and enjoy a crisp, fresh salad to beat the heat!, http://tumblr.com/xmz3il4f87, Do you "Nosh?" Get this great free app and rate your favorite Tossed menu items!

www.nosh.me, http://tumblr.com/xmz3hyc4s5

OR just click the like "get the newsletter" on the left from this facebook page., The Chicken Caprese Salad is STILL one of out top sellers! Better hurry in and try it, this promotion ends July 31st!, Did you know....

When you design your own salad on our webpage, there is an interactive nutrition calculator!

go check it out!, GREAT NEWS has now been replaced with GREATER NEWS!!!

Get the newsletter right from this facebook page! Just click on the link to the left...

Enjoy!, Tossed fans may have just named a new favorite salad!! The Chicken Caprese by Sarah Wilson :) 

Who has stopped in and tried it?, GREAT NEWS!!

If you like our blog you can now sign up for a newsletter instead of subscribing to the site!! This keeps you in the loop and makes it easy to share with friends :) This blog is loaded with healthy information, recipes, discounts, and fun food news!

Just hit the newsletter button in the right-hand corner
www.tossed.tumblr.com, Hello Boston!! Today may be a good day to start reading our blog (hint, hint)

www.tossed.tumblr.com, Jason is a celebrity!!, http://www.myfoxhouston.com/dpp/special/110701-tossed

Watch Trent from Tossed Houston TX as he shows some great red, white, and blue salad toss-ins!, Happy 4th of July! If you are going to the Boston Pops Fireworks look for us at the Esplanade., WOW! This salad is flying off the counters!, http://tumblr.com/xmz35kjm2v, Its July!! All month we will be featuring Sarah Wilson's winning salad, so come on in :), Its Social Media Day!! Show your love in honor of this day :), ITS HERE!! Starting tomorrow you can come in and have Sarah Wilson's Chicken Caprese Salad!! After you try it, we wanna know what you think. Post all about it :), "Home is where you make it" 

Blake Clark was spotted having lunch with us today!, Boston Pops Menu:, When you are out for the Boston Pops Fireworks, look for us at the Esplanade:

July 3rd: 3pm to 10pm
July 4th: 10am to 10pm

Salads - Sandwiches - Smoothies

www.july4th.org
, July 4th is right around the corner, don't forget to pick up a salad for your BBQ, We love check-ins!! How do you like to check-in at your favorite places?, Come and see us at the Boston Pops 4th of July celebration!!

http://www.july4th.org/, Only one more week to go before Sarah's Chicken Caprese Salad is up for grabs! You are in for a treat :), Check out salad contest winner SARAH WILSON!! Go in July 1st to try her Chicken Caprese Salad., You know what go goes good on the worlds largest picnic table? A whole heap of summer salads!

photo: www.freshneasybuzz.blogspot.com, http://tumblr.com/xmz33qydio, Today is the first day of summer!

nothing beats the heat like stopping into Tossed for a crisp salad :) Come in and enjoy the day with us!, 10 days and counting until you can enjoy Sarah's Contest winning salad! Come in July 1st for the famous Chicken Caprese!, Congrats Bruins!  The Stanley Cup is finally coming back to Boston!, What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten in a salad? Flowers perhaps?, Game 7 tonight! Let's GO BRUINS!, Boston Local Wins!!, CONGRATS TO SARAH WILSON!! 

YAY! A Boston local has won the salad contest!
Come in the whole month of July and try her Chicken Caprese Salad., Let's go Bruins!, Tossed LOVES Check-ins! Use Gowalla or Foursquare to tell your friends where you are., Who is going to the TD Garden to see the Bruins?, There are definitely some good salad recipes from the contest! Cant wait to see which one is the winner!!, Its Friday!! Hope everyone has a healthy weekend!, Follow our blog! It is full of fun and interesting information :) It may even save you some money (hint hint)

www.tossed.tumblr.com, The annual salad contest has come to a close, We are looking forward to unveiling the winner! Stay tuned to hear about the winning masterpiece., The Stanley Cup Finals start tonight! Let's go Bruins!, Today is the last day to enter the salad contest. Go to our webpage and click the salad contest link to tell us your brilliant salad recipe., After a long weekend of grilling, get back in the swing of things by having lunch with us!, How will you be spending the long weekend? Nothing goes better with nice weather than a crisp salad :), Tuesday is the last day to enter the salad contest!! Don't miss out on the chance to win free salad for a year!! Go online to submit your awesome creation :), We are growing in Boston!! Read all about it in Fast Casual :)

http://www.fastcasual.com/article/181505/Tossed-signs-franchise-agreement-for-five-new-Boston-locations, In honor of The Dish segment, come on in and enjoy the Tossed Signature Salad!, Learn to make out Tossed Signature Salad with Lou Palermo on The Dish!

http://www1.whdh.com/features/articles/dish/BO145671/, The end of the month is fast approaching, and so is the end of the salad contest!! Don't miss the chance enter!!! Go to our webpage and click the salad contest link to tell us your brilliant salad recipe., What is your favorite salad toss-in?, This guy understands the importance of leafy greens :)

photo:http://serendipityandkate.blogspot.com/2010/06/im-little-bunny-and-you-got-me-by-tail.html, Only 2 weeks left to enter the salad contest!! Get online and start creating :), Boston Tossed rocks...but don't take our word for it! Read what "Eat Well With Janel" had to say.

http://eatwellwithjanelblog.com/tossed-boston/, Its mango season!! This is a great time to try them in your salad while they are at their peak :) Enjoy!, A greener Tossed! Read all about our efforts with New Leaf Paper on our blog., Free salad for a year can be yours if you win the salad contest! What are you waiting for?, We love local!! In our efforts to bring you fresh local ingredients we have found a local baker who has designed a special bread just for us! Cant get any fresher than that! Get the whole scoop on our blog and check out Mamadou's website.

http://www.mamadousartisanbakery.com/About.aspx, “To make a good salad is to be a brilliant diplomatist -- the problem is entirely the same in both cases. To know exactly how much oil one must put with one's vinegar.”

Oscar Wilde, Don't Forget about the salad contest! You still have 3 weeks to create the perfect salad :) (ends May 31st), HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!!, We understand the importance of a gluten free lunch, check out these gluten free options., Check-in with Gowalla and let us know what you having for lunch! You may wanna check the blog before you get there (hint hint), Moms like salad! Don't forget Mothers Day on May 8th, READY...SET...MAKE SALAD!!

go to tossed.com to enter, Being a reader of our blog definitely has its perks!, Get ready for our 4th Annual Salad Contest beginning May 1st! Go to tossed.com to enter. Maybe you will be the winner., Boston Tossed fans may really enjoy tomorrows blog post ;)

Subscribe for some great info and VIP rewards!

www.tossed.tumblr.com
, Tossed is officially blogging! Come check us out @
www.tossed.tumblr.com, Which of our salads is your favorite?, OMG Awesome had a great visit to our location! Read her reviews!

http://www.omgawesome.net/2011/04/tossed.html, Thank you Gail Bellamy from Restaurant Hospitality for your kind words! We love that our customers can create their own salads!

Top five freshest salad toss-ins for spring are:
spinach, avocado, strawberry, broccoli and mango

Try a few of these in your next salad!, Have a safe and healthy Easter from the Tossed family! How will you be celebrating?, How about using FOOD to dye your eggs this year?

http://www.realsimple.com/holidays-entertaining/holidays/more-holidays/homemade-easter-egg-dye-00000000056344/index.html, No need to "passover" dessert this holiday!

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/food-wine/food-wines-passover-desse_b_849765.html#s264930&title=Fudgy_ChocolateWalnut_Cookies, Looking forward to the Boston Marathon on April 18th

http://www.baa.org/, We rock the crepes!!

A big thanks to Fun & Fearless in Beantown

http://funandfearlessinbeantown.blogspot.com/
, Who's going to Fenway this weekend? Stop by Tossed before or after the game for a quick bite., QSR featured our new Limited Time Offer the Spicy Shrimp & Strawberry Salsa Crepe Wrap!, Keep it hot & sweet! Try our new Spicy Shrimp & Strawberry Salsa Crepe Wrap. Available for a limited time., We have many red, orange and dark green veggies to choose from. Toss some into your Design Your Own salad today., Tossed is coming to Los Angeles!, Tossed President Jason Chodash was quoted in this great Investor's Business Daily Article., Happy St. Patrick's Day! Wear Green, Eat Green, Save Green today!, Wear Green, Eat Green, Save Green tomorrow for St. Patrick's Day!, Congrats to the Boston University men's basketball team on their America East Championship! Now let's beat the Jayhawks!, Another great review! Brittany is right our Tossed Tuna Salad is aweome!, Check out this great review from Foodies At Work!, Happy Valentine's Day! Remember all facebook fans get a free brownie today!, We are sharing the love with our facebook fans on Valentine's Day with the gift of a brownie., Who are you rooting for in the Super Bowl...the Steel Curtain or the Packers?, Another good reason to start eating more salads!, Restaurant Biz Mag 50 Great Ideas featuring Tossed: Design a healthier salad online w/ nutritional counter at tossed.com, Check out our spread in this month's QSR magazine featuring our Signature Salad!, Elina raved about Tossed on her awesome blog! Check it out and let us know what your favorite thing about Tossed is., Snow again! Come down and visit us..it's nice and warm here in the Pru Center., Looking for a healthy breakfast or snack? We now carry Kashi bars, cereals and oatmeal., We are open today! Take a break from the blizzard and warm up with a nice hot bowl of soup or a hot cup of coffee., You do not have to leave your office and go out in the cold. Order online at tossed.com and have your food delivered to you!, Start off your New Year right with a Resolution Salad. Only 185 calories!, We wish you a Happy and Healthy New Year!, Take a break from your holiday shopping this weekend with lunch at Tossed!, Check out the Resolution Salad! Available January 1st., Check out our catering special for the month of December. Healthy Holidays!, We are going north of the border!, Add some healthy greens to your Thanksgiving feast with one of our fresh salads!, Stop by tomorrow to receive a $1 off on any of our delicious Panini Sandwiches!, Coming soon to our Nation's Capital!, The average American eats approximately 30 pounds of lettuce per year...that's a lot of salads!, We won the Greatest Sales Achievement Award at the Pru in the Restaurant Category! We won because of you! Thank you for your outstanding support this year!, Time to try something new! Stop in today and try one of our new Panini Sandwiches and let us know what you think., Start off your week the right way...with one of our garden fresh salads!, Help support Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Buy a Strawberry Passion Salad and $1 will be donated to Susan G. Komen for the Cure., Stop by today & tomorrow to receive a free bottle of Tossed dressing when you design your own salad!, Try one of our delicious Crepe Wraps today! Choose from our chef-designed options or design your own!, The Boston Herald covered Manny's visit to Tossed!, Manny Ramirez stopped in for breakfast this morning. It's just Manny being Manny., Check out the new pictures of our recently remodeled interior, The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Southwest Blackened Chicken Salad. Available for $7.95., Restaurant News covered this exciting announcement for Tossed!, QSR featured Tossed Dressings!, The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Spinach Salad. Available for $7.95, The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Greek Salad. Available for $7.95., The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Tossed Tuna Salad. Available for $7.95., The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the BBQ Chicken Salad. Available for $7.95., QSR does a feature on Tossed's new website design!, QSR Buzz featured the new kiosk interface!, The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Apple Walnut Salad. Available for $7.95., The perfect Summer Salad. Only 250 calories! Eat Smart. Think Fresh., The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Asian Chicken Salad. Available for $7.95., Behind the Burner featured Tossed!, The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the 2010 National Salad Contest Winner, Tropical Spice. Available for $7.95., Check out our national Tossed fan page for even more news and offers!, Check out our brand new website!, Congratulations to Angela Whaler of New York City, the winner of the 2010 National Salad Contest. Angela's winning salad Tropical Spice will be available at all Tossed locations for the month of July., The Tossed Summer Salad Fest featured salad of the week is the Tossed Signature Salad. Available for $7.95., 2010 Summer Salad Fest begins today! Check out our weekly featured salads from the week of June 21- August 30th. The featured salad of the week is the Summer Salad available for $7.95, Chill out! Come in tomorrow for a $1 off all smoothies., Check out fatfightertv.com's blog featuring tips from Tossed!, Only 12 days left to enter your unique creations into the 3rd Annual Salad Contest!, Design your own salad and enter it into our 3rd Annual Salad Contest! All winners will receive great prizes!, Our Greek Salad has only 280 calories! Eat Smart. Think Fresh., Baseball season is here!  Come in this weekend wearing your Red Sox hat and get $1 off any entree., null, Go Green on St. Patrick's Day!  Come in wearing green to receive a free fountain drink., Celebrate the 100 fans milestone!  All of our facebook fans will receive a $1.00 off of their purchase on Friday., Thirsty?   Mention that you're our fan and get a free fountain drink this Friday., New England Conservatory students show your student ID and get 10% off!, Facebook Friday's are here!  This Friday we are giving away a free cup of coffee before 11 am when you mention you're our fan., Sweet deal!  Mention you are a fan on facebook tomorrow at the store and get a free cookie or brownie to celebrate Valentine's Day., Northeastern students show your Husky Card and get 10% off!, Are you a BU student?  Show your BU student ID and get 10% off!, Buy 6 entrees and get one free using your Tossed Frequency Card, Melt away your winter blues with any of our daily soups in a crusty sourdough bread bowl., null, Lose the wait!  Tossed offers free delivery., Show your Pru Card and get a free fountain drink with your purchase, null)