List(Beautiful Julia came to visit me for her sitting up milestone portraits yesterday. I am obsessed with her sweet little face. Have I ever mentioned how much I love these sitter sessions? ;)

Perfect outfit by Avonli Cottage. Quilt by The Handpicked Home by Hannah., null, Today is a very special day for me. On this date three years ago I photographed my very first newborn session. One of my dear high school friends was kind enough to share her beautiful baby girl with me. While I can see a tremendous amount of growth in my work, I will always cherish this top image. It reminds me of all the nervous excitement and passion that drove me to follow this career path and has made me into the photographer I am today. For those just starting out, don't get discouraged. Practice, practice, practice! Newborn photography is HARD, but it is so rewarding. <3, Exactly one year ago today, I met sweet 8 day old Finn for the first time. Today, I had the pleasure of capturing his one year portraits. This little guy is definitely one special dude full of sweetness and personality...and his parents are pretty awesome too. <3

Three years ago today, I photographed my very first newborn. Would you like to see? I'll be back in a bit to show you how much I've grown in three years.

Delicious and beautiful cake by Plum Sugar Bakery., Introducing Master Finn - 11 days fresh! I had to share this particular image as his sneak peek for one important reason. Check out that raised eyebrow. I love visiting my clients during our time together, and while I was chatting with mom she mentioned how dad did this all the time. I cracked up when I download his images tonight and saw the same raised brow in multiple photos. Love how you can see so much of the parents in these tiny babies! :) Congratulations to this new family of three!

Awesome bonnet by Britches & Bonnets., Curious to know what is my favorite part of my job? Come take a peek at the blog to find the answer! :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/design-services/

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/36/0d/70/360d702a3b5e064b549e31c322bc0301.gif, Happy Monday! I have a few appointments this morning, then I'll be tackling the old inbox this afternoon. Here's a beautiful baby to start your week off right!

Flokati by Luneberry, headband by Vanilla Lullaby, layer by Katies Props., "What?!? The candy in my basket in really for mommy?" :)

Hope you've had a wonderful Easter Day with your family!

Bonnet and bunny by Britches & Bonnets, fur by JD Vintage Props, floakti by Luneberry., Happy Easter weekend! Hope your time over the next few days is filled with family, relaxation, and enjoyment of this season of hope and promise. I felt it only appropriate to share one of my favorite bunny lovey images of all time.

Bunny by Britches & Bonnets and headband by Vanilla Lullaby., Thank you, thank you, thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the kind words I woke up to this morning after sharing my behind the scenes video last night. You sure know how to boost a girl's self-esteem...LOL! My heart is full of gratitude. <3, I am very excited to share that two major projects I've been working on over the last five months are finally complete! Time and time again, my clients tell me they had no idea everything that goes in to creating newborn photos. Here's a behind the scenes glimpse into my world. I know you have many choices when it comes to choosing a photographer, and I hope you know how much I appreciate working with your families.

A huge thanks to Chris & Christian at Brighter Lights Media for bringing this to life. Their creative eye and professionalism exceeded expectations. I'd also love for you to take a peek at my brand new website perfectly designed by Leslie of Leslie Vega Design. I've been working with her over the last couple of years to truly shape my brand into what it is today can not say enough amazing things about her talent. <3

www.reneewalstonphotography.com, I'm finally ready to reveal surprise number two of the year!!! I'm ready to explode with excitement. I'll be back in about 15 minutes at 9:00 PM EST., Hope you've had a great day and are getting ready to snuggle up in bed like sweet Nathan! I'm headed to dreamland soon after a long and productive day. <3

Wrap by Little Lidz. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I had the pleasure of sharing sweet Whitney's gallery with her family yesterday during their design appointment. I'm so glad they love this image of her as much as I do; it will be beautifully framed and hung in their bedroom. Can't wait to see their photo come to life as beautiful artwork! <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, outfit by Pooks and Lulu, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Sometimes you have an amazing vision for an image you want to take of your daughter. She's standing out in the woods with the snow gently falling around her while she gazes into a bouquet of perfect purple tulips. A commentary on the transition from winter to spring - so to speak. Then, you realize your daughter is two, hates flowers (but only for the 5 minutes you're standing outside), and your sweet husband offers to stand in. What do you think? ;), Spring snow. <3

Wearing out the littles this snow day morning, and I'll be back in the office this afternoon. Hat by SweetPeaToad., One more of Rosie girl because she's just too sweet! Seriously, this girl did not stop smiling. <3

Backdrop and floor by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, hat by Britches & Bonnets, layer by Mama Knits., Not sure which ridiculously cute photo from Rosie's session to share, so let's start with this one. She is SOOO cute! Love when babies play with their toes!

Romper set by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Happy first day of spring from Giovanna {3 months old}! Enjoying thoughts of sunshine and flowers before the snow sets in tonight. :)

Beautiful outfit from Avonli Cottage, layering by Mama Knits and Katies Props, and floor drop from Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory., Happy Saturday! Let's start the weekend with a big smile. :)

Backdrop and floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory., One last post for the day! Meet Princess Ella - 6 1/4 years old. She really made sure I knew how important that 1/4 of year was...LOL! Let's all just pause for a moment and stare at her amazing eyelashes., Sweet Noah stole my heart today! Eight pounds of pure perfection. He allowed me to move him through pose after pose effortlessly. The best part of my day - watching his big sister love all over him. <3

Another perfect outfit by Pooks and Lulu., Happy St. Patrick's Day! I had the chance to share beautiful Claire's images with her family this morning. I think this set-up is perfect for today. Off to snuggle a sweet newborn boy. Have a great rest of your day!

Floor by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, layers by Mama Knits, headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss., Sweet dreams! <3

Wrap by Pooks and Lulu. Bonnet by me., It was such a joy to share Nathan's newborn photos with his parents this morning! I'm in love with the artwork (including this image) that they chose for their home. I can hardly wait to get it ordered. It melts my heart that they both smiled at the same time!, Meet beautiful Whitney - 6 days fresh! She is just under seven pounds of pure adorableness. I had a wonderful time snuggling her today and visiting with her parents. This was one of Whitney's favorite positions. She loved having her feet tucked up underneath her. Congratulations to this new family of three!

Another amazing outfit from Pooks and Lulu., Hope handsome Logan will brighten your day despite the dreariness outside. Isn't he stinking cute?!? The six month age is one of my favorites! Looking forward to meeting another baby girl today mixed in with editing, finishing my taxes, and responding to emails. Have a great day! :)

My favorite boy outfit ever by Pooks and Lulu., My little princess with "her big castle." <3 

As many photographers can attest, we often take lots of pictures of our family but aren't so good about editing them in the midst of client work. This is the first picture I've edited since we visited the Magic Kingdom in December...LOL!, I'm pleased to introduce you to beautiful Claire - 9 days and 9 pounds of newborn goodness. If you look closely at the wrap underneath her hand, you'll see a silver Luckenbooth brooch. Her parents traveled to Scotland a few months before she was born and were gifted this special piece of jewelry while there. The two intertwined hearts symbolize love between a couple, and tradition holds that it will stimulate milk flow in mommy and will keep baby safe from harm when pinned to their clothing. I love incorporating sentimental items in these very special images. Congratulations to this new family of three! 

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Beautiful Kennedy sure is happy it's the weekend! :) I've been away from the computer all day, so I'll be back tonight to answer messages and emails and will have another sneak peek of a beautiful little girl.

Floakti by Luneberry, pink layer by JD Vintage Props, tan layer by Mama Knits, headband by Vanilla Lullaby, and wrap by Dolly Priss., "Flowers & Showers" spring mini-sessions are available for reservation! Here's a sneak peek of the type of images you can expect form the "Flowers" set. All the details can be found on the booking site linked in the comments., In love with all of the images from this session! Kristy - you are one gorgeous mama! <3

For more information on planning your maternity portrait experience, please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Meet Nathan - 10 days fresh! Such a sweet little guy at just over 8 pounds. During our pre-session consultation his mommy and I discussed her love for modern farmhouse decor, and I knew this set-up would be perfect for his gallery. She even had the chance to watch a little Fixer Upper in the parent lounge while I worked my magic. :) Congratulations to this family of four! 

Floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, knit layer in bucket by Mama Knits, fabric layer by Stitches By Sarah, and bonnet by me. Head on over to Instagram if you'd like to see some video of this set-up. I'm @reneethephotog., Flowers & Showers spring mini-sessions are now available for reservation! Choose from either the flower market or raindrop set for your little ones. These sets are perfect for babies and children up to 8 years old or so. You can learn more and snag a spot by clicking on the link below.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/showers-flowers-spring-mini-sessions, Spring Mini Sessions are coming! Details will be released tomorrow. Email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to be the first to know with subject line "Spring Mini Sessions." Sets for boys and girls.

Amazing romper by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Beautiful Naomi - {3 Weeks Fresh}. Love these simple and sweet images. Allows all the focus to fall on your baby's features. I'm obsessed with Naomi's full lips and long eyelashes!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning, and hello March! I'm SO ready for spring! Many have been asking, so I will officially be offering spring mini-sessions on March 18 & 19. The theme will be "Flowers & Showers" with two sets perfect for boys or girls. Registration will open on Friday, and I'll have sample photos for you soon. Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Spring Mini-Sessions" to be notified as soon as registration is open., Good morning! I'm back in the office for the first time in a week today, and can't wait to share some more baby goodness with you between answering lots of emails. :) Kind of loving little Jameson in black and white. How about you?, Good thing my Adeline's cute because she's kindly shared her winter germs with me! After nursing her to health for over a week, I've been in bed all weekend and will likely be out of the office again tomorrow trying to knock this cold and fever out of my system. Thank you for your patience! Does anyone else want to skip February with me next year? ;), Introducing Brooke - 3 weeks fresh and 7 pounds of pure perfection. Doesn't she have the sweetest little face?!? She surprised her family by arriving a few weeks earlier than planned, and I know they are so glad to have her safely in their arms. A big congratulations to this new family of four!

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Meet Miss Kennedy - 3 weeks fresh! I had a great time working with her today on a very special project, and I can't wait to share the finished project with you soon. Calling it a night, and I'll be back tomorrow with some more newborn goodness! :)

Bonnet by Knitz, wrap by Dolly Priss, knit layer by Mama Knits, and floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory., Logan! I could eat you up! At six months old, this little guy is already breaking hearts. I have been photographing him since he was a bump in his gorgeous mom's belly, and it's been so fun to watch his personality develop. Have I ever mentioned how much I LOVE these sitting up milestone sessions?

Adorable outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop and flokati by Luneberry., Oh, Rosie! I'm seriously thinking about kidnapping you and keeping you as one of my own. You'd fit right into our family with that red hair. ;) I had a blast with sweet cheeks yesterday for her sitting up milestone session. It was amazing to see how much she had grown since her newborn session eight months ago. I'll link that session in the comments. Love you to pieces, Rosie!

Gorgeous backdrop and floor from Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, headband by Simply Sweet ~ a little lady boutique, and wrap by Dolly Priss., Good morning! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! Popping in with some newborn goodness and a bit of an update. Two of my children were very sick last week, and we're working hard to get them back on their feet. Don't you love this time of year?!? I had to move all of my appointments last week to this week and had very little office time. I'll be working diligently to get caught up over the next few days and thank you for your patience during this time. :)

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss, backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Smile! It's the weekend! Absolutely in love with beautiful little Alice and her sweet smirks. <3

Wrap and headband set by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning! The office will closed today, and I will have very limited access to social media/emails. My littlest has pneumonia and needs her mommy today. Thank you for your understanding! 

Perfect sleep cap by Little Lullaby Designs., Love when I catch laughter! <3 Beautiful Chanel's maternity session is up on the blog tonight. See previous post for link. Are you surviving the snow? Stay safe and warm tonight!, Gorgeous Chanel's maternity session is up on the blog this snowy afternoon. I just love capturing pregnant mamas! If anyone is brave enough to consider a snowy maternity session this week, feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com. :)

Thank you so much to AR Backdrops for another stunning dress.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2016/02/08/quincy-maternity-photographer-chanel/, To All My Pregnant Mamma Fans! One of my favorite sites for day to day maternity clothes - PinkBlush Maternity/Womens - is running a big sale right now + an additional 30% off with code SUPERBOWL until 11 PM EST. Just ordered a few pieces for the studio closet, and thought I'd share in case you were interested in checking them out. :), Meet Alice - 3 weeks fresh! I'm sure anyone who has dabbled in some type of artistry can tell you it's sometimes hard to figure out who you want to be as an artist. You strive to exceed your client's expectations and produce the kind of images you love. I have to say today was a highlight for me - a beautiful baby, a great visit with her super fun mom, and a feeling that our styles were so in sync that magic was happening. There may or may not have been happy tears! More of a personal share than normal, but it's been a good day and I couldn't hold it in. :) I'm so honored that this family has stuck with my from my days in my basement studio, and I look forward to watching the bond between brother and sister grow.

Outfit by Avonli Cottage and flokati by Luneberry. <3, This gorgeous mama and her beautiful bump are featured on the blog today! I'd love for you to click the link below to view more images from her session. The winter months are perfect for studio maternity sessions, and I would love to speak with you about capturing this very special time in your life. Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2016/02/03/boston-ma-maternity-photographer-nikki/, Pretty sure Keaton ran away with my heart this afternoon! He gets cuter by the day, and it was so much to see how much he had grown since his newborn session.

I am accepting reservations for baby milestone sessions for late February and beyond. Feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to set up your consultation today!, Heart. Breaker. <3, Happy birthday, Maxine! It's been amazing to watch you grow this year. I have had the honor of photographing this beautiful girl almost every month of her life. I may or may not have teared up a little bit as I was looking over her photos today. I'll link a preview from her mom's maternity session and her newborn session in the comments so you can see how much she has grown.

Backdrop by the always amazing Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, and cake by Plum Sugar Bakery., Happy Friday! You made it! :) Getting ready to welcome a sweet one year old into the studio this morning. I think I'll be ready to scratch off surprise number two today as well. Check back in tonight to learn more., I had the pleasure of sharing beautiful Harper's images with her mommy today. This was one of her favorites. <3

Floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, bowl by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, layers by Katies Props and Mama Knits, and bonnet by Adorable Props., Meet handsome little Brooks - 2 weeks fresh! I had such a wonderful time getting to know his family today. Brooks was so sweet and smooshy that it made want another baby. I had to hand him back to mom and step away...LOL! Congratulations to this new family of three!

Sleep cap by Little Lullaby Designs. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I just can't stop sharing these beautiful mamas with you! I'm thrilled with all the new set-ups I can offer my clients in the new studio space. Please contact me if you are interested in learning more about reserving a session for yourself. <3

Gorgeous lace dress by AR Backdrops., Since I'm on a "beautiful baby bump" kick right now, I felt it only appropriate to share one of my favorite maternity sessions of all time on the blog tonight. The spectacular foliage on this day in early November was only overshadowed by Jillian's beauty. Her sweet girl arrived just before Christmas, and I'll make sure to share her session soon. In the mean time, feel free to click the link below to visit the blog and view all my favorites from her session.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2016/01/25/fall-maternity-photography-boston-ma/

One more note before I call it a night. As you can see, all the gorgeous mothers I have posted over the last few days vary in look but share one thing in common. The glow that only pregnancy can bring. I encourage every expectant mother to consider preserving this special time in your life through photos. Feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information., Behind the scenes of the image posted below. Sometimes you just have to get creative when the power goes out in the middle of your session. :), Gorgeous Kristy will be welcoming baby number three in just a few months. Her first girl! 

This image is a case of "When life gives you lemons, make lemonade." I was so excited to have Kristy join me from NH for her session. About 10 minutes after she arrived, we lost power to the entire building. I was determined to capture some beautiful images of her, so we traipsed through the building until I found one spot in a hallway with beautiful light despite the dreary weather and setting sun. I'll post a behind the scenes in a minute., Beautiful Natalie and her sweet little bump! I can't wait to find out if I'll be brining out pink or blue during their newborn session. I love the expressions I see on any of my expectant mommy's faces when I ask them to look down at their bump.  <3, Simply stunning Chanel. I'd think it safe to say her baby will be just as beautiful as her momma!

Now accepting reservations for maternity and newborn sessions from February - August. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to set up your consultation, and GO PATS! :), I had the pleasure of meeting and photographing four gorgeous mothers today. First, was gorgeous Nikki who is expecting her second sweet baby - a little boy. I'd say that pregnancy and motherhood suits her well. <3

Dress by AR Backdrops., Let's kick off the weekend with newborn sweetness times two! I'm in love with this image of Evelyn and Eli. <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, sleep cap by Little Lullaby Designs,  blue wrap by Little Lidz, and floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory.

Now accepting reservations for newborn session through August 2016. Limited availability remaining for February, March, July, and August due dates. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to schedule a consultation today!, SPOTS FILLED! Thank you! **Maternity Model Call - Saturday, 1/23 from 1-4 PM** I am in need of 3 maternity models between 28-34 weeks with at least shoulder length hair at the Plymouth, MA studio. Time commitment will be one hour, wardrobe will be provided, and you will receive 5 digital files in exchange for your time. Please email me at rwpmodels@gmail.com with a headshot and full body image showing your bump. Feel free to share this post or tag anyone you know that may be interested. Thank you! :), I can not get enough of my nephew! I seriously just want to smooch the screen just looking at him...LOL! Davin is one chill little guy and gave me some amazing eye contact. I'll be blogging his entire session soon. <3, Photographer friends - Making room for new props, so I just listed a bunch of items for sale on my BigCartel site. I'd love for you to come take a peek and do some shopping. :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/category/destash-sale, My sweet little Adeline turned two last week. Her birthday session is on the blog tonight, and I'd love for you to come take a peek. My first session in the new studio space. 

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2016/01/17/adeline-turns-two-boston-baby-photos/

Outfit by Baby in Vogue., Sweet and simple Sunday. <3

Absolutely in love with tiny Jameson and his baby mohawk!, Meet Harper - 6 days fresh! I have been anxiously waiting her arrival since I captured her mother's maternity portraits back in November. She makes number four for the awesome family, and I know they are already over the moon in love with her. <3

Headband by Goodnightmoon Props. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., It may be freezing cold outside, but it's toasty warm in the studio as I get ready to welcome a sweet baby girl this morning. In the mean time, here's a little newborn goodness to start your day off right. And in case you were wondering, I did not win the Powerball jackpot last night. ;)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles. Bonnet by me., Thank you very much for all your kind response to last night's post! Popping in to let you know I've had a space open up for this Sunday's camera class. Do you want to learn how to use your "fancy" camera? Are you interested in some tips and tricks that will help you photograph your own child at play? This class is perfect for you! Use the link below to reserve your spot today. There is also one spot left for the March class.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/magical-moments-captured-photography-class-for-parents, Surprise! The Renee Walston Photography studio is expanding! I'm very excited to share some behind the scenes sneak peek of the new suite. I invite you over to the blog to see some photos of the space by clicking on the link below. I am ridiculously excited about the new offerings that will be available once the space is completed, and I'm looking forward to sharing more with you soon.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2016/01/12/plymouth-photography-studio/, There are so many new and exciting things going on behind the scenes this month, and I can't wait to share them with you all! In the spirit of the mega Powerball drawing, I thought it would be fun to reveal them over the next few weeks scratch off ticket style. :) The first surprise will be revealed tonight! Hope you can pop back in around 9 PM EST., Happy Monday! Adorable Tucker's sitting up milestone session is featured on the blog today. Come take a peek!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2016/01/11/pembroke-ma-photographer-tucker/

Love this outfit by Pooks and Lulu., Sweet Lincoln - 17 days fresh. I think it's hard to visualize how tiny these babies are when you see my photos. This little guy was just over six pounds when I snuggled him yesterday. When curled up like this, he was practically the size of my two hands. I had a great time getting to know his family, and I know this little one is loved beyond measure. <3

AMAZING flokati by Luneberry., Meet Conner - 3 weeks fresh! He was close to 11 pounds of pure sweetness. I had a wonderful time getting to know his parents and two older brothers. I also had the honor of capturing three of his cousins' newborn photos; it makes my heart happy to watch families grow. I know they will best of friends in the years to come. <3, Currently accepting session reservations from late January - August 2016. Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to set up your consultation today!, Accepting reservations for newborn sessions from February - August 2016. Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to set up your consultation today!, One more share before I call it a night! This is my ridiculously adorable nephew Davin - 17 days fresh. He came to visit me on New Year's Day. The last time I snuggled him he was only eight hours old. He has such laid back personality to go along with those sweet, smoochable cheeks. :)

Another beautiful outfit by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Hello, friends! I've missed sharing with you all over the last few weeks of holiday bread. I am pleased to introduce you to handsome Jameson. He was my last newborn of 2015, and I couldn't have asked for a better session. This little peanut was full of smiles and had the most amazing hair. Congratulations to this new family of three!

LOVE this outfit by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Happy New Year! Starting 2016 by photographing this sweet face. If the session goes smoothly, I will try to jump on Periscope for a few minutes to share some behind the scenes video in real time. You can find me by searching @ReneeThePhotog., Wishing you and your family a very Merry Christmas! We are looking forward to spending lots of time with family over the next few days, and I hope you get to do the same. <3

Studio will reopen with limited hours the week of 12/28, then we'll be back into the full swing of things in the new year., Beautiful Eloise came to visit me for her one year portraits. Look at those gorgeous baby blues! Her mother requested simple, creamy, classic set-ups which made my heart happy. Happy birthday, sweet girl!

Outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Introducing Giovanna! At three days fresh and just under ten pounds, I seriously could have kept her. And look at that hair!!! I had to keep reminding myself she was not my baby or I would have smooched those cheeks all day long. I'm so happy her mommy was excited about including a Christmas set-up so I could use this gorgeous outfit by Pooks and Lulu. <3

Come visit me on Instagram @reneethephotog to see behind the scenes video from this set-up., I think my heart just skipped a beat! Meet handsome little Declan - 7 days fresh. He was so perfect and sweet during his session yesterday, and his older brother and sister had me rolling with laughter. A big congratulations to this family of five!, I can finally reveal a very special surprise! Our family welcomed a new member yesterday morning as my brother and his wife welcomed Davin Leo into this world 2 weeks earlier than anticpiated. I'm so thankful to my clients who allowed me to shift their sessions up yesterday so I could race to New Hampshire and capture a few images of this handsome little guy. Here he is at 8 hours old! 

Davin is the Hebrew variant for the name David. My sister-in-law lost her father - David - far too soon a few years ago. Leo is my paternal grandfather's name. I always love hearing the backstory of each baby's name. :), Good morning! Looking forward to welcoming two sweet babies into the studio today, including the baby from this gorgeous bump. I'll be working hard to answer emails between sessions. Hope you have a wonderful day!, It's been an amazing and crazy day today, and I can't wait to share some exciting news soon. In the mean time, I had the pleasure of sharing Julia and Emma's gallery with their parents today and can't wait to see the canvases they selected hanging in their home! Love these beautiful headbands by Pooks and Lulu, wraps by Little Lidz, and knit layer by Mama Knits., Looking for the perfect Christmas gift for that friend or family member with a "fancy" camera? Want to learn how to use the camera you think you'll be getting from Santa this year? Enroll in one of the magical moments {CAPTURED} photography classes for parents. If you're purchasing as a gift, let me know and I'll create a beautiful certificate ready for giving. All the details may be found in the link below! Each class is limited to 4 participants to ensure lots of hands on attention.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/magical-moments-captured-photography-class-for-parents, Happy Friday from the cutest little reindeer on the block! Hope you had a wonderful day. A quick update: I'll be devoting tomorrow to lots of editing and admin work including proofs, order pick-up scheduling, and viewing appointments. The studio will be closed from 12/17-28 for the holidays. I can't believe Christmas is almost here! :)

Bonnet from Oh So Fleeting, wrap by Dolly Priss, dark brown layer by Katies Props, and floor from Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory., Beautiful Ella came to visit me this morning for her sitting up milestone portraits. She's almost eight months old and has the most beautiful blue eyes! Don't you just want to smooch those cheeks?!?

Backdrop and floor by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory and headband by Pooks and Lulu., Handsome little Stevie is making his appearance on the blog tonight! Click on the link below to view more images from his session. I'll be back shortly with a sneak peek from today's session.

Wrap by Little Lidz. Felted layer by Ababa Baby Props.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/12/10/newborn-photographer-kingston-stevie/, Meet Wyatt - 10 days fresh and almost 10 pounds of pure newborn goodness! I had the honor of photographing his big sister 2.5 years ago, and it was wonderful to see his family again. What do you think of this type of pure baby image? I'll definitely be incorporating more and more of them into my sessions in the coming months. They're some of my favorites.

Wrap by Dolly Priss., Introducing Julia and Emma! These two were just as sweet as can be today. They loved being snuggled up together! They join a beautiful older sister and adoring parents. Congratulations to this  family of five!

A big thank you to Amy of Amy True Photography for all her help today. <3 Headbands by Vanilla Lullaby., It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Loved seeing this little beauty again for her first Christmas photos. <3

Headband by Flourishing Creations, wrap by Stitches By Sarah, fabric in crate by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning! Let's all shake off our "Monday face" and have a great day. 😉 I woke up to lots of UPS delivery notifications for this afternoon. Can't wait to sort through the boxes and get your beautiful baby's artwork into your hands soon., Something fun to share tonight! I'm very thankful to be featured by Old Colony Memorial. Take a peek at the article to see if they shared an image from your session. :)

I am now accepting 2016 session reservations. Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to schedule a consultation.

http://plymouth.wickedlocal.com/photogallery/WL/20151101/NEWS/110109990/PH/1, Sometimes an absolutely delicious little baby pop his eyes open mid-posing, so you grab your camera super quick and get this amazingness! Love little Alexander so much!

Awesome outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Daddy's future quarterback! Absolutely loved sharing Grant's gallery with his parents today. So honored that they chose me to photograph both of their little miracles. 

Football by Buttercup Baby Props, wrap by Mama Knits, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., My name is Renee, and I am OBSESSED with Tucker's eyelashes! I'm so glad this was also one of mom's favorites at his ordering appointment today, and I know it will look beautiful framed in their home. <3

Bonnet by Zoe and Oliver., Happy Monday! Today is my first day back in the office from the holiday weekend. As you can imagine, there are lots of messages and emails to answer. I am working through them all as fast as possible with several appointments today in between. I appreciate your patience with me during the busiest season of all! Per request, I am hoping to post some dates for the 2016 parent camera classes this week should you wish to gift them to a loved one. And I leave you with adorable Finn from his sitting up milestone session. Too cute! <3

Backdrop and floor by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory. Outfit by Pooks and Lulu. Layer by Mama Knits., null, null, Happy Thanksgiving! I am truly thankful and blessed for each and every person that trusts me to capture their family's memories, for all my amazing vendor partners, and all of you that follow this page both near and far. I hope you have a wonderful holiday weekend with your families.

Renee Walston Photography will be closed until Monday, 11/30. All emails and messages received over the last 36 hours will be replied to by 11/28. Emails received from 11/26 - 11/30 will be replied to by 12/1. Expectant mothers - if you have your baby this weekend, please send me a text message as internet access will be limited., Meet beautiful Celestine Maeve. Her big sister proudly introduced her to me as her CiCi. Too cute! She has the most beautiful hair and eyelashes. I am happy for this family of four, and I know they have lots to be thankful for this year. Congratulations! <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss, layer by Muted newborn essentials, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Brooklyn is absolute perfection, and I love sharing her gallery with her family today. This was one of mom's favorites. <3

Headscarf by Knitz, wrap by Little Lidz, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Meet beautiful Brooklyn {2 weeks fresh}! The sweet princess had the most beautiful eyes and complexion. I had to share this image as her sneak peek. I had a great time working with her this afternoon and getting to know her parents. They definitely have lots to be thankful for this Thanksgiving season. <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Today was a great day with two special visitors in the studio. First up was Master Finn for his sitting up milestone session. He has grown so much in the last eight months since his newborn session. I love watching "my babies" grow up! He had so many great expressions for me today. Check out the comments to see him as a newborn.

Outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Happy Monday! Sneaking in at least one more fall image before Christmas mode sets in. Love sweet little Leo (aka: Mommy's Pumpkin). I will be in back to back sessions today, so weekend emails will be returned tonight. As a quick update, my calendar is full for the remainder of 2015, but I am accepting reservations for 2016 sessions. Please feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to request a consultation. Have a great day!

Hat by me, fluff by BOBO FILC, tub by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, wrap by Dolly Priss, floor by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, and leaf wreath stolen from my over my mantle. :), Woohoo! It's almost the weekend, and I'm almost done editing all the Christmas mini-sessions. All files will be delivered by tomorrow.  I just love the sweet girls in this image, and they had so much fun playing in the leaves with me a few weeks ago. Have a great night!, So many handsome little boys in the studio lately! I'm very happy to introduce you to Alexander - 13 days fresh. I had a wonderful time snuggling him today and visiting with his family between set-ups. He is definitely loved beyond measure! <3

Bonnet by Lavender Blue Baby. Wrap by Little Lidz., Oh, Tucker! You may just be the sweetest little thing ever! He was so full of smiles and adorable expressions. Six month sessions are some of my favorites that I ever do, and I'm so glad Tucker's mother chose a baby plan to capture all of his milestones. I'll link one of his newborn photos in the comments. 

Backdrop and floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, bowl by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, and layering pieces by Mama Knits and Stitches By Sarah., Meet Master Grant - 13 days fresh! I had to share this particular image as I feel it's been 2 years in the making. :) You see, I had the honor of photographing his older brother as well, and he wanted nothing to do with this pose...LOL! I knew mom was really hoping I could have better luck this time around, and I'm thrilled Grant slid into in effortlessly. Thank you so much to this amazing family for sharing your sweet boys with me. Congratulations!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., A wonderfully full day at the studio today which included the opportunity to share newborn galleries with two families. Both sets of parents commented several times about how much their babies had already changed since I captured these photos just two weeks prior. This is why I do what I do. I love capturing the tiny pieces of your baby that are so fleeting. Their whispy hair, the tiny milk bumps on their noses, and their sweet baby toes. I never want you to forget what your baby looked like in those first few weeks of life. <3 Now, back to editing for me! I'll return to emails tomorrow.

Now accepting reservations newborns due in 2016. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information., Happy Monday! Let's start the week with a little something different. I had the pleasure of capturing sweet Annalise last month at her historic New Bedford home in a lifestyle and outdoor newborn session. I'd love for you to hop on over to the blog to view all my favorites from this session including images of her four siblings. They're all adorable!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/11/16/new-bedford-newborn-photographer-annalise/

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby. Cream felted layer by Katies Props., Landon says, "Let's go boys!" Team spirit right from the start. <3

Floakti by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory. Side note - this image is a composite (2 images put together in Photoshop). Safety first!, It was a beautiful late fall afternoon for a maternity session with this GORGEOUS mother-to-be. I am so excited to meet her little princess in a few short weeks. I even had the chance to feel her wiggle and kick tonight. Pregnancy is so magical and amazing! <3

Gown by Roses and Ruffles., Oh, Luke! You've stolen my heart! Can't wait to blog the rest of this session soon, but in the mean time here are some of my favorites from his session. <3

Now accepting newborn reservations for expectant mothers with 2016 due dates. Visit http://reneewalstonphotography.com/newborns/ for more information., Also visiting me to today was handsome Stevie. He is 8.5 pounds of pure sweetness! I moved through pose after pose effortlessly with him and only saw his eyes at the end of the session. I could have snuggled him all day! <3

Hat by Little Lullaby Designs, layer by Stitches By Sarah, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Two absolutely gorgeous babies came to visit me today for their portraits. Introducing Miss Brooklyn - 5 days fresh. Can we just pause for a moment to admire her hair?!? She was just the sweetest little thing today, and her big brother just cracked me up with his charming personality. They are such a wonderful family!

Headband by Knitz, tan layer by Mama Knits., Very thankful today for all the men and women who have served and are currently serving our country! Happy Veteran's Day! 

Back to back newborn sessions today so I'll be responding to emails and messages later tonight., "Jack Attack" is up on the blog this afternoon! Click on the link below to view more images from his session. Just wait until you see the very special prop we used for his family images. :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/11/10/west-plymouth-newborn-photographer-jack/

Love this outfit by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Introducing Master Julian - 10 days fresh! His daddy described him to me as a "contagious baby." Otherwise known as the kind of baby that makes you want to have another. I have to say I agree with him. <3

Perfect little pants by Adorable Props. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., One more of my beautiful sister-in-law. <3

Gown by Roses and Ruffles., My baby brother and his wife are having a baby! :) I can't wait to meet my nephew in about two months. Such an exciting time for our family!, Oh, Aubrey! You've stolen my heart. This sweet petite decided to make her entrance into this world six weeks earlier than anticipated. I'm not even sure that she weighs 5 pounds yet at 13 days old. So tiny and perfect! <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss, white layer by Mama Knits, rose fur by JD Vintage Props., Hello, friends! Popping in between sessions to share a sweet newborn image with you. This is beautiful Alexa! Her daddy loved this picture last night at their ordering appointment. :) I'll be back later tonight to catch up on emails and messages. Have a great afternoon!

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I firmly believe there is nothing more amazing, miraculous, and empowering than knowing your body is creating a tiny, perfect human being. Gorgeous Jillian is nothing short of radiant, and I can not wait to meet her baby girl later this year. <3, Meet handsome Wesley - 7 days fresh! This adorable little man decided to make his appearance a bit earlier than expected. Today was actually his due date! At only about six pounds, he felt so tiny in my hands. He let me pose him several different ways, but his favorite positions seemed to be those that were more relaxed with his hands as close to his face as possible. Adorable! Congratulations to this new family of three!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles. Wrap by Knitz., I am thrilled to share another precious newborn session on the blog tonight. I photographed Ava almost six months ago, and her images are some of my favorite I've ever taken. Click on the link below to view more, and I'll be back shortly with a sneak peek of today's sweet newborn boy.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/11/03/newborn-photographer-boston-ava/

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles and headband by Pooks and Lulu., "Merry & Bright" Christmas mini-sessions are now available for reservation. Spaces available on November 12, 14, & 15. Click on the link in the first comment for all the details!, How about a little car line/bus stop reading for you today! ;) These two sweet and crazy kiddos are up on the blog tonight along with their parents. Come take a peek at one of my favorite beach sessions of the summer. Can't wait to get back out there next summer!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/11/02/plymouth-beach-family-photographer-dunlap-family/, I can hardly believe that sweet Grant is one! I had a wonderful time photographing him again with his parents. He had such a great range of expressions from sweet and serious to smiling. I could have kept him! Happy birthday, little man! It's been a joy to watch you grow.

Now accepting "Watch Me Grow" plans for 2016 which include newborn, six month, and one year sessions. Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Happy November! This is one of my favorite months of the year as there are many opportunities throughout the month to remember what it means to be thankful. Head on over to the blog to see more images from beautiful Helena's session and read three reasons why I'm thankful today. <3 Feel free to leave a comment below with something you're thankful for this November. I'll look forward to reading through them tonight.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/11/01/braintree-newborn-photographer-helena/

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby. Wrap by Dolly Priss. Floakti by me., Happy Halloween! I hope everyone has a safe and fun night tonight. If you have a minute, come take a peek at beautiful Aurora's session full of jewel tones perfect for fall!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/10/31/plymouth-newborn-photographer-aurora/

Now accepting newborn session reservations for 2016 due dates at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com. 

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, headband by Pooks and Lulu, wrap by Pure Knits, fluff by Oh So Fleeting, and bowl by JD Vintage Props., TGIF! It's been an insanely busy week here, and I am so thankful! I'm pleased to share my favorite images from Finn's newborn session. Head on over to the blog to see more!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/10/30/kingston-newborn-photographer-finn/

LOVE this sleep cap by Little Lullaby Designs. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Up next - the "Bright" set! Twinkle, sparkle, and snow with a touch of red. Perfect for Christmas or winter themed cards. Lots of fun props including my vintage sleigh, sparkly snowball, and several different crowns.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/merry-and-bright-christmas-mini-sessions-deposit, I'm so excited to share a few sneak peeks of the Christmas mini-session sets! I'll still be adding a few special touches, but this will give you a good idea of what to expect. Up first, the "Merry" set. Cozy and snuggly as can be!

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/merry-and-bright-christmas-mini-sessions-deposit, One more share before I head to dreamland for the night. I had the pleasure of sharing sweet Helena's gallery with her mother this morning. This was one of her favorite images and will be printed, framed, and hung as the centerpiece of a gallery wall in their home. Can't wait to see it in print! <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, cream layer by Katies Props, wrap by Dolly Priss, tan layer by Raspberry and Lime., Meet Leo - 8 days of pure perfection! He was such a little snuggle bug, and I loved creating a few fall themed set-ups for his mommy. I had the honor of capturing her maternity photos earlier this year, and it was wonderful to finally meet the baby from the bump. A big congratulations to this family of four!

Fox bonnet and lovey by Britches & Bonnets, dark brown fluff from Pure Knits, layer under bowl by Katies Props, and floor by the amazing Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory., Just a little something to remind us all that it's still fall and not winter...yet... :), Brotherly love. <3, Motherhood is truly magical. <3, Finn. <3 Love sharing his gallery with his family today! This was one of their favorites.

Popping in between appointments today to share his sweet face and to let you know I'll be handling emails from the weekend beginning tonight.

Hat by Little Lullaby Designs, floor drop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, and wrap by Dolly Priss., I'm am so happy to introduce you to Evelyn and Eli! They are just the sweetest little things and loved being snuggled up close to each other. I know their parents and four older siblings are just over the moon in love with them, and I can see why. <3

Burlap fluff by Avonli Cottage, blue layer by Raspberry and Lime, tan layer by Mama Knits, wrap by JD Vintage Props, headband by Pooks and Lulu, and bonnet by me., Aurora Violet. A tiny bundle of pure perfection! <3

Headband by Pooks and Lulu, purple wrap by Dolly Priss, knit layer by Pure Knits., Twin sisters = double the fun! I had a great time tonight with Brooke, Olivia, and their beautiful mother tonight. We played in the leaves, did quite a bit of running around, and enjoyed the beautiful fall evening. I'm very thankful for the opportunity to capture these beauties!, It's so much fun being one! I had a great time sharing Anthony's one year and cake smash photos with his family. I had a blast designing this set. Isn't his smile contagious? <3

Now accepting 2016 session reservations. www.reneewalstonphotography.com, Ahhhh! Someone became a big brother today! Congratulations to this awesome family! I can't wait to snuggle baby boy next week. In the mean time, head on over to the blog to check out their beach maternity session from this summer. 

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/10/20/plymouth-beach-maternity-photographer-erica/, Beautiful Miss Ella is on the blog today! Come see all my favorite images from her four month milestone session and learn how her images are being displayed in their home. 

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/10/20/scituate-baby-photographer-ella/

Love this bonnet by Pooks and Lulu, knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, fur by JD Vintage Props, and flokati by me., Playing in the leaves with Mom is SO much fun! I had a blast with this family tonight despite the fact it felt like winter outside. :)

For those who may have missed it last night, Christmas mini-sessions are now available for reservation. See post pinned to the top of the page for all the details., Christmas Mini-Sessions are now available for reservation! Click on the link below for more details.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/merry-and-bright-christmas-mini-sessions-deposit, Happy Sunday! I am so excited to announce that my winter limited edition sessions will be available for reservation beginning tonight at 9 PM EST! They will take place November 12-14. You will have two sets to choose from that capture the magic of the season. If you would like to be added to the early notification list for first dibs on times, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Christmas Mini Sessions.", Happy Friday! Traveling a bit this weekend to help shower my little brother and his wife in anticipation of my first nephew in December. For all my photographer friends, one of my favorite vendors - Vanilla Lullaby - has just opened her shop. You should definitely check it out! Have a great weekend!, One of the last images from the last beach session of the year, and I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful subject. Jill - you are radiant! I am so excited to meet the little princess inside the bump in a few weeks

Gown by Roses and Ruffles. Headband by Goodnightmoon Props., Hello, handsome! Introducing Luke - 7 days fresh! This little guy will definitely be breaking some hearts some day. He flashed me so many smiles this afternoon. I could just eat him up! I captured his mother's maternity portraits this summer, and it was so much fun to finally meet him. Congratulations to this new family of three!

Wrap by Little Lidz, knit layer by Mama Knits, and bonnet by me., Thinking of all those out there today that have had fertility struggles and those who have suffered the loss of a child too soon. I am 1 in 4 who had experienced miscarriage. I think it's so important to mention this so others in the same situation know they are not alone., Introducing Alexa - 7 days fresh! At just about seven and a half pounds, she is a tiny little ball of perfection. Look at those eyelashes! I had the honor of photographing her big sister two years ago, and am so happy to see they've added another princess to the family. <3

Love my new knit layer by Mama Knits, tieback by Vanilla Lullaby, and wrap by Little Lidz., Introducing Annalise - 7 days fresh! She is the fifth child for this family, and it was so amazing to watch her older brothers and sisters dote over her today. This session was unique as we conducted it at their historic home instead of the studio. There were beautiful flower beds full of ivy around the property, so I had to take advantage. Welcome to the world, beautiful girl!

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, layering piece by Katies Props, and bowl by JD Vintage Props., "I'm so glad I live in a world of Octobers." Anne of Green Gables

Oh, Camden! Something about your smile just melts my heart, little man., Meet the Hurley family! Sometimes the unplanned moments produce some of my favorite images! <3, One more share for the night because I can't help myself! :) Here's the Sabel family. I had the pleasure of working with them last year, and it was so fun to see them again. The boys are growing so fast, and they both had me laughing the entire session. Have a great night!, Beautiful Isla - six months of pure sweetness! It's amazing to see how much she has grown since her newborn photos. This image will be beautifully framed and hung in her home.

Headband by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., What a glorious Columbus Day weekend! I had an amazing time last night with four families for the annual fall mini-sessions. Here's sweet Evelyn at 1 year old. I just want to eat her up! <3, null, null, Meet beautiful Aurora - 9 days fresh! This little peanut stole my heart today. She was SO tiny at just under 6 pounds, and I was in love with her full head of hair and long eyelashes. I know that this little girl is loved beyond measure, and I had a such a good time getting to know her mother and grandmother today.

A big thank you to Oh So Fleeting for making sure I had this gorgeous teal basket fluff in time for her session. I'm also obsessed with my new floor from Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory. Beautiful headband by my fav - Pooks and Lulu, and wrap by the wonderful Pure Knits. It truly takes a village to bring these images to life. :), It feels good to be back in the studio! Three gorgeous little ones in the studio over the last two days. First up, beautiful Ava. It's been amazing to watch her grown over this past year. I can't hardly believe she's already one! Happy birthday, sweet girl!

Bonnet by Mia Joy Studio, outfit by Baby in Vogue., Hello! I've had one spot open up for the previously sold out fall mini-sessions since one family converted to a full session. It will take place Sunday at 5:30 PM. To reserve, please click the link below.

Also, I've had many inquires for Christmas mini-sessions, and I can't wait to share the set with you. I'm waiting for a few more props to arrive before posting all the details. They will take place November 12-14. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Christmas Mini-Sessions" if you would like first dibs at session times.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/fall-limited-edition-sessions-plymouth, Sweet dreams. <3

Popping in with a quick update. My recovery is going a little slower than expected. I'm not able to sit up for more than a few minutes at a time which is making answering emails harder than I imagined. Hoping to be back in the swing of things over the next few days, and I truly appreciate your patience with me during this time., Hello, friends! I'm happy to report that all went well with my heart procedure today. I'm a little sore as expected, and will be taking off a few days to recover. I'll be watching Netflix and editing/emailing away throughout the weekend and will be back to sessions on Wednesday. Thank you so much for all your support and sweet messages. It means the world to me!, Introducing Master Landon - 9 days fresh! I absolutely loved working with this sweet little guy today. I had to share a photo of him sans props to show off his natural beauty. Can you see his perfectly curled cowlick in the center of his hairline? It's shared by all the men in his family. So neat! Congratulations to this family of four!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I had two wonderful clients in the studio today. First up was gorgeous Charlotte. I can hardly believe that she is already one! Those of you who have visited the studio have seen her sweet face up on the walls as a newborn. Check out Instagram for a side by side comparison @reneethephotog. Happy birthday, Charlotte! :)

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, headband by Pooks and Lulu, fur by JD Vintage Props, and outfit by Tutu Du Monde., Hello, world! Meet Finn - 10 days fresh. Isn't he adorable?!? I had the honor of photographing his older brother as well over the last year, and it's amazing to see how much they look alike. Congratulations to this new family of four! <3

Love this hat by Little Lullaby Designs, puppy by Britches & Bonnets, and fluff by BOBO FILC., Good morning! Getting ready to welcome a sweet baby boy into the studio, but I wanted to pop in with a quick update. I've been answering messages and emails as fast as possible, but between hosting a workshop over the weekend + a baby boom + getting ready to have surgery on Thursday, I'm running a bit behind. I'm hoping to be all caught up by tonight and appreciate your patience. Here's one of the images I took this weekend. It was fun to work with these beautiful fall colors and shoot using natural light for some of the setups. Hope you have a great day! :)

Fluff by Oh So Fleeting and headband by Ivy & Nell Baby. Posed by Nicole Smith Photography., Hello, gorgeous! Miss Helena {11 days fresh} was my guest of honor in the studio this morning. I think her eyelashes are about a mile and a half long. I'm totally jealous. Congratulations to this new family of three!

Outfit by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., **OUT OF OFFICE - SORT OF...** Good morning! I have the pleasure of hosting a photography workshop at the studio this weekend. I will be operating outside of my normal routine over the next 3 days. Emails will be returned by Monday. Clients - if you have your baby over the weekend, please call or text me to notify me of baby's arrival. Thank you so much! :)

Amazing fox hat and lovey from Britches & Bonnets., Meet beautiful Norah Alice - 7 days fresh! Gorgeous Norah is the second princess in her family. Her older sister - Margaret - was the third baby I ever photographed before I even opened the doors of Renee Walston Photography. I feel so honored to have had the opportunity to play a small part in so many of her family's milestones over the last 2.5 years. I may or may not have been a little teary eyed when preparing for this session today. ;) Welcome to the world, Norah! I can't wait to watch you grow! <3

Beautiful headband by Vanilla Lullaby. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., This is one of the many reasons I love my clients! This beautiful mother-to-be had her heart set on beach photos and purchased the most beautiful gown to wear. Well, last night it was 61 degrees with 15+ mph winds, and this gorgeous lady rocked every pose and kept a smile despite mother nature's tricks. I hope she can see that it was worth it, and I am so excited to meet her baby boy in a few weeks! <3

Gown by Sew Trendy Accessories., Good morning! **NEWBORN MODEL CALL** We are still in need of a few babies for this Saturday or Sunday, 9/26 and 9/27 at the Plymouth, MA studio. Baby must be 5-21 days old at the time of the session. Session is complimentary and 5 high resolution images are included. Please contact Amy at dewdropsphoto@yahoo.com. Please feel free to tag your friends who just had a baby or share this on your page., It is my pleasure to introduce you to gorgeous Miss Julia - 6 days fresh! Let's just take a minute to admire that head of beautiful hair. I had a wonderful time getting to know her family this afternoon. She is definitely loved beyond measure. Congratulations to this new family of three! <3

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Dolly Priss, knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, fur by JD Vintage Props, and flokati hand dyed by me., Is there any better way to start of the week than by seeing a sweet baby smile?!? I can hardly believe that adorable Ethan is one! He has grown so much since the last time I saw him and has the most amazing blue eyes. Quick housekeeping note, I have back to back sessions today so I'll be responding to emails tonight. Have a great day! <3, Family family sessions are now available for reservation! Limited edition sessions may be booked on my website at the link in the comments. Full sessions may be reserved by calling me directly at (336) 688-8723. I look forward to working with your family soon!, Happy Friday! Fall session dates were just released to those on the wait list. I'll be posting all the details here this afternoon. :)

 **Newborn Model Call!** We are in need of 2 more babies for September 26-27. Baby should be 5-21 days old at the time of session. Session is complimentary and 5 high resolution images are included. Please contact Amy at dewdropsphoto@yahoo.com. Please feel free to tag your friends who just had a baby or share this on your page., Gorgeous little Maxine (7.5 months) was back in the studio earlier this week too. She has grown so much since our last session! And I'm sure you can tell where she gets her good looks. :), Introducing Chase - 7 days fresh! Isn't he just the sweetest little thing?!? I can not get over his perfect baby cheeks. Obsessed! It was especially fun to meet him since I also captured his mom's maternity photos earlier this summer. A big congratulations to this new family of three! If you'd like to see some behind the scenes video of this set-up, check out my Instagram feed @reneethephotog.

Love my vendors! Hat by Little Lullaby Designs, wrap by Little Lidz, knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I'm so excited to meet the little guy that used to be in this beautiful bump tomorrow! :) Quick scheduling update. I was able to finalize dates for fall sessions today and will be working to have all the details released by Friday. I'll be notifying those on my email list first, so feel free to send me a note at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you'd like to be added. Use "Fall Family Sessions" as the subject line., Hello, handsome! Adorable Anthony was my guest of honor in the studio this weekend. He is definitely going to be a heartbreaker some day. Look at those lashes! I'm in love with this photo not only because of his smile, but because you can see his first tooth poking up from his bottom gum. Love capturing memories like these for my clients! If you want a sneak peek from his cake smash, head on over to Instagram @reneethephotog. :)

Outfit by the always amazing Pooks and Lulu., Woohoo! It's the weekend! :)

Sweet Madeline is 2! How did that happen?!? I've been photographing her since she was a newborn, and we had a blast out on the beach last night. Let me just tell you, this girl is FAST! She had me laughing the entire time with her adorable antics and smiles. Happy birthday, Maddie!

Headband by Pooks and Lulu and dress by Tutu Du Monde., Hope this puts a little smile on your face today - Twinkie Twinkle Toes. :), Sharing again for the evening crowd! :) I've received lots of inquires over the last few days regarding fall family sessions. I'm finalizing all the details for full and limited edition session availability and will (hopefully) be ready to share on Monday. If you would like to be notified when the information is available, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Fall Family Sessions." Have a great night!, Happy Thursday! I've received lots of inquires over the last few days regarding fall family sessions. I'm finalizing all the details for full and limited edition session availability and will (hopefully) be ready to share on Monday. If you would like to be notified when the information is available, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Fall Family Sessions." Have a great day! :), Handsome Master Jack was my guest of honor in the studio this morning. He is 10 days fresh and just about 8.5 pounds. I was amazed at his ability to maintain eye contact. Love when I can get both sleepy and awake shots in a session. A big congratulations to this new family of three! <3

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles, knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, and wrap by Little Lidz., I think it's safe to say that Vincent loved his cake! :) He has grown so much since his newborn photos, and is just as cute as ever. I couldn't get enough of his perfect baby rolls. 

Cake by Plum Sugar Bakery., Meet Miss Addison! She's a familiar face in the RWP Family as I've been photographing her since she was 9 months old. During our first session she crawled for the first time, and now she is running and twirling like crazy. She speaks more eloquently than most 30 year olds, and has the sweetest disposition. I am going to miss her SO much as they are a Navy family with new orders...and I'm going to miss her mother even more. I am beyond thankful to have known her family, and I'm even more grateful for their sacrifice and service. And yes, the sky really was that shade of cotton candy, peachy pink. Amazing. <3, **Newborn Model Call!** September 26-27. Baby should be 5-21 days old. Session is complimentary and 5 high resolution images are included. Please contact Amy at dewdropsphoto@yahoo.com., **EXCITING NEWS!**  I hope you had a wonderful Labor Day weekend! I have some great news to share. We decided to enroll my youngest in a full day preschool program with her brother for three days a week. I'm so excited to be able to offer extended business hours on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. I'll be spending the day getting caught up on emails and messages from the long weekend. And no post is complete without a photo, so here's my sweet girl all excited to finally have a backpack of her own. :), Remember the little mermaid baby from a few weeks ago? I had the pleasure of sharing her gallery with her parents this morning. Isn't Miss Maeve the sweetest?!? So many smiles for me! Now, off to meet a handsome one year old. 

Headband by Goodnightmoon Props and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Capturing the magic of motherhood against the backdrop of our beaches is one of my favorite things. This may have been one of the most spectacular sunsets of the summer, and beautiful Jess certainly upstaged mother nature with her sweet little bump. Can't wait to meet baby soon! <3

Gown by Roses and Ruffles., Gorgeous little Rosie and her handsome brothers are up on the blog this afternoon! Please click on the link below to learn more about this awesome family and see my favorite images from their session.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/09/02/plymouth-ma-newborn-photos-rosie/

Branch bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}. Outfit by Mia Joy Studio. Headband by Baby in Vogue., Friday night, I had the honor of photographing this wonderful couple as they await baby boy. I was laughing the entire time we were together and love the way this image captures their personalities. I can not wait to meet baby in a few weeks!, I can hardly believe this is my last full day with this sweet face before he starts first grade! This summer has gone by way to fast. I'll be enjoying every minute I can with him today and will be back with some session sneak peaks and emails tonight. Have a wonderful Monday!, I know it's super late, but I know Reese's mommy would love to see this. I had a wonderful time with the Short family out on the beach tonight. Little Reese and I had so much fun playing mermaid princess and throwing rocks into the ocean. Goodnight!, Last night, I got to spend some quality beach time with this awesome crew. Meet the Dunlap Family - the faces behind Dunlap's Propane, Inc. of Plymouth. I just adore these kiddos! Mother Nature certainly put on a show with one of the best sunsets I've seen all summer. <3, I have had the honor of photographing Thomas and his family from baby bump to first birthday. I always have a blast with his parents, and they picked a "taco and sombrero fiesta" theme for his first birthday party. It made for a really awesome cake smash background. Happy birthday, Thomas! (See link to his newborn photos in the comments.)

Cake by the amazing Plum Sugar Bakery., Doll baby! Sweet Ella is one of my "Watch Me Grow" babies and came to visit me for her four month portraits yesterday. Isn't she just the cutest little thing?!? I seriously had to hold myself back from smooching those perfect cheeks. I'll link her newborn photos in the comments., Simply stunning. <3

Three more sessions today, which means lots of sneak peeks tomorrow. I posted a teaser over on Instagram @reneethephotog if you'd like to come visit me over there. Have a great night!, Introducing Plymouth's newest heartbreaker - Keaton, 7 days fresh!   ;) He did an amazing job during his session last night. I did get a few peeks of his beautiful dark eyes, and they are stunning. Can't wait to share those images after mommy and daddy get to see them. A big congratulations to this new family of three!

Hat by Little Lullaby Designs. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Oh, Juliet! You have grown into such a beautiful little girl this year. It's been so much fun to watch you grow. I adored her sweet smile and big blueberry eyes. <3

Pink backdrop by Roses and Ruffles, floral backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, pink knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, outfit and headband by me., What a difference a year makes! :) I absolutely loved recreating this special set-up from Leila's newborn session during her one year old portraits yesterday. Hawaii is a very special place for her family, and it was so much fun making this dress for her again in a bigger size. Happy birthday, sweet girl! It's been amazing to watch you grow.

Driftwood bowl by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, purple stuffer by Custom Photo Props, and outfit/headband/necklace/bracelet by me., Popping in between sessions 2 and 3 of the day with a quick update. I will be in sessions until close to 8 PM tonight. Please remember that this is my first day back from vacation, and I'm doing my best to get back to emails as soon as possible. For reference, I've had 159 new messages since this morning. Please hang in there with me as I answer them as fast as my fingers will type. Aiming to be caught up by tomorrow night. If you had a session before I left for vacation, I will be scheduling viewings tomorrow. Booked newborn clients, if you've just had your baby feel free to text me. If you have a session later this week and have emailed me with a question, I'll be looking for those first tonight. You are all amazing, and I'm truly thankful for all your support! And since no post is complete without a picture, here's a back of camera picture from my last session. Love these candid images between set-ups!, Hello, friends! I am finally home after a wonderful week mostly technology free with my family in the Bar Harbor, ME area. We had some amazing experiences including rock climbing over the ocean with Acadia Mountain Guides Climbing School. This is my six year old rocking it out under the guidance of our amazing guide Mark. The fog the last few days we were there was intense but made for some beautiful photo ops. I will be working my way through my very full inbox over the next two days and should have all emails caught up by Tuesday. Have a great night! <3 Renee, "There is a garden in every childhood, an enchanted place where colors are brighter, the air softer, and the morning more fragrant than ever again." - Elizabeth Lawrence

My beautiful Adeline. Hadlock Pond, Bar Harbor, ME.

Headpiece by Pooks and Lulu. Dress by Tutu Du Monde., Handsome little Hendrix is up on the blog tonight! I have been dying to share his images with you since I photographed him in April. So glad I found a few minutes today to load his images on the site. Please enjoy! <3

Amazing cream wrap by Little Lidz.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/08/19/kingston-newborn-baby-photographer/, A little magic happened last night during our first night in Bar Harbor. My sweet Adeline actually looked straight at the camera. A few minutes before I took this series of images, I learned my grandmother had passed away after a long battle with cancer. I debated on whether or not to share, but I feel like you are all my family and know many of you have been praying for us over the last few months. This time with my daughter was strangely cathartic as I know my grandmother would have loved this scene. Thank you so much for all your love and support. I hope you have a great night! <3

One of my all time favorite headbands by Pooks and Lulu. Dress is Tutu Du Monde from The MerryLoveJoy Company., Good morning! I will be enjoying a week in Bar Harbor with my family. I'll be checking in once a day or so to answer critical emails and messages, then will be back at 100% on Monday, 8/24. Any great attractions or restaurants you love in the Bar Harbor area? Feel free to post below. :), I had the pleasure of sharing adorable Joey's gallery with his parents today. This was one of their favorites - a set-up designed to coordinate with his nursery bedding. Isn't he so sweet?!? Have a great night!

Wrap by Dolly Priss. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Hello, friends! Late night post, but I wanted to pop in with a quick update. I was unexpectedly pulled out of the office today and returned home a few minutes ago. My grandmother is in her final days of her battle with cancer, and my parents called early this morning to advise we go visit her ASAP. This has delayed my response time to emails and voicemails today, and I will be back in action tomorrow to answer all messages. Thank you for your understanding. On a happier note, here's an image of beautiful Delaney from earlier this summer. Makes my heart happy to be able to work with such adorable little ones. <3, Introducing Maeve - 9 days fresh! She is the sweetest little thing at just under seven pounds. I barely heard her make a peep today as we moved from set-up to set-up. I am so thankful to her parents for allowing me to take her out on the beach at the end of our session. This truly was a magical moment for me that I will remember forever. If you would like to see some behind the scenes footage of this set-up, head on over to Instagram - @reneethephotog. Congratulations to this new family of three!

AMAZING mermaid tail by Knits and Blooms. Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, and burlap fluff around the bowl by Avonli Cottage.

PS: Dad was literally inches away from baby at all time. This image is a composite. Safety first!, Thank you so much for all your likes and kind comments on my photos over the last few days. It means the world to me and the families pictured. <3 

Now, on to a long but very special post. My boys are 4 and 6 years old, and honestly I find this age range to be one of my favorite to photograph. The pre-K to first grade years seem to be the best for seeing your child's personality develop. They are so full of wonder and imagination! I shared my younger son's special photo session with you a few months ago, and last night I finally had the chance to complete my older son's Daydreamer session. 

Brady has a heart of gold and is truly a sweet, kind soul. He is always thinking of how he can make other's feel great about themselves. Brady has always loved the ocean, going to aquariums, and has watched Finding Nemo at least 2,000 times. :) He mentioned wanting a surfing themed session, and I panicked. Where was I going to get a surfboard?!? Well, thanks to some awesome friends we were able to bring this to life for him last night. I'll be sharing more soon when I can find time to edit them, so here's a sneak peek to tide you over.

Also, I am working out the details on how to offer these special Tiny Daydreamer session to you my loyal clients. I'll be sure to share details soon!, Pure joy. <3, Good morning! Today is going to be dedicated to editing, editing, editing! :) I woke up extra early to give the blog some attention too. Sweet Sophia's session is my latest post. Come take a peek, and feel free to leave her family some love in the comments section. Have a great day!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/08/11/attleboro-baby-photographer-sophia/

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, bird bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, outfit by Pooks and Lulu, and headband by Vanilla Lullaby., This is what 50 years of love and laughter looks like. <3 Amazing extended family session out on the beach last night in honor of the Fischer's anniversary., I am obsessed with baby curls! Little Miss Vail was so sweet during her session this morning. We popped outside at the end of our time together for a few photos, and she was captivated by the ocean. A girl after my own heart! This dress was worn by both her mother and aunt when they were little girls making this image even more special., Generations. <3, Hello, friends! Hope you've had a relaxing weekend. I'm very excited to be hosting the Dream Baby Workshop by Dewdrops by Amy McDaniel-Auburn, Alabama Newborn Photographer and Nicole Smith Photography on September 26 & 27. It has been sold out for quite some time, but one of the attendees has had a family emergency and needs to sell her seat. Please send me a message here or post your email address below if you would like more information. Feel free to share this post too!, I had the pleasure of revealing a GORGEOUS maternity gallery to this awesome couple today. I always try to capture a few images that highlight the love between husband and wife. This was one of my client's favorites. Aren't they so sweet?!? I can't wait to meet baby in September!, Let's be honest, is there anything better than perfect baby back rolls?!? <3 Absolutely in love with Logan's entire gallery. Can't wait to share his blog post soon!

LOVE this outfit by Pooks and Lulu., I'm not sure who stole the show tonight - Mother Nature or this GORGEOUS mother-to-be! I had a wonderful time tonight with Jess, Eddie, and their two beautiful dogs. I can't wait to meet their little man in just over a month. <3, Something a little different tonight. My happy place. <3, Meet Jasper - 2 weeks fresh! This adorable little guy was seven pounds of sweetness. I'm so honored to have met him as his family lives in Colorado and was only in town for the month around his birth. He has the sweetest big sister, and I know they will be thick as thieves in a few years. Congratulations to this family of four!

Adorable outfit by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I would say motherhood suits her well. <3 Absolutely incredible session tonight with this gorgeous mother to be and her family. I can't wait to meet baby boy in a few months!

Those of you who follow me on Instagram (@reneethephotog) so a behind the scenes peek of me making these props for her session. Love making something special for every client., Meet the Bell Family! We had a wonderful time out on the beach last night. Their eldest daughter will be heading to my alma mater later this month and their youngest will be heading into middle school. I'm so honored they chose me to capture their portraits before a year of big changes. <3, This summer, we've been trying to go outside to play with each other every night right after dinner. My sweet Adeline loves to go to this little spot in the backyard where the trees naturally part. She stares out into the forest, and I often imagine what she sees. I snapped a photo of her doing it tonight, and used added in a little magic. Have a great night!, Very excited to be featured on the Design Aglow blog today! Come take a peek. Photographer friends - I have decided to start offering these templates for sale if you are interested. I currently have a boy and girl design loaded and will be adding more soon. See link in comments., Sweet Ava. <3, It's Friday Fun Day! :) I just had to share this hilarious image of sweet Annabelle from the other day. Let me just tell you, she LOVED her cake. Her twin sister - not so much. Haha!

Cake by Plum Sugar Bakery., One more share for tonight! Logan wishes you sweet dreams. <3

Hat by Beautiful Ewe - Newborn Photography Props. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I would say someone is very happy to have another little princess in the family! <3

A HUGE thank you to Kelsey of  Quietude Quilts for helping me bring this vision to life. She completed this custom bed very quickly, and the best part - she's based in Quincy so I was able to meet her in person., And we can't forget Miss Evelyn! These sisters have the most beautiful eyes. Happy birthday, girls!, Guess who was in the studio today? My favorite girly twinkies for their cake smash session! I can not believe a year has past, and it's truly been an honor to capture their milestones and watch them grow over the course of the year. Here's a sneak peek of Miss Annabelle. <3

Tutu Du Monde dress from The MerryLoveJoy Company., Reservations are now available for newborn sessions (due dates late August - December). Limited spots available, so please contact me as soon as possible for more information and to reserve your session. These sessions take place during the first two weeks of life while your baby is still in the curly, sleepy stage. I look forward to meeting your families soon!, Introducing Joey - one week fresh! I have been spoiled with adorable little boys lately, and I just could not get enough of this sweet face. I also had the honor of capturing his mom's maternity portraits; it's always extra special to meet the baby after photographing the bump. A big congratulations to this new family of three. I can't wait to watch him grow!, Meet handsome Logan - 10 days fresh! It's always extra special to meet baby after you have captured mom's maternity photos (see link in comments). This little guy was such a sweet little thing today, and I made sure to sneak in a few extra baby snuggles between set-ups. Congratulations to this new family of three!

Tub by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, layer under baby by Katies Props, layer over baby by Dolly Priss, bonnet by me - Harbor Knits. Floors made by my amazing husband., null, One more from tonight because I can't help myself. :) Is there anything better than baby piggies in the sand?!?, Another gorgeous family joined me out on the beach tonight! I'm definitely in my happy place out there, and Miss Hadley was too. To think we talked about canceling earlier today with all the storm warnings! It couldn't have been a more perfect night., Another magical night out on the beach made even more special because it was with this awesome family! Didn't mom do a fantastic job with their outfits?!? Have a wonderful night, and I'll be back in the office to answer emails in the morning., I had the pleasure of sharing Owen's newborn images with his mother yesterday, so now I can reveal one of my favorites from this session. I think Drew and Evan are going to be excellent big brothers! <3, Tonight was my first session after my week off, and it was just what I needed. Kristen was absolutely gorgeous, her husband was so supportive, and the sky was AMAZING! It turned the water an unbelievable shade of peachy pink. I can not wait to find out if baby is a boy or a girl in a few weeks; either way I know baby will be loved beyond measure.

Hair and makeup by Aristocracy Salon & Day Spa. Gown by TAoPaN: The Art of Pregnancy and Newborn., Meet Dr. Josh of Koenig Chiropractic in Plymouth. My husband is the number one man behind the scenes keeping my business running, and Dr. Josh is number two. :) I spend hours every week crouched over working with little babies and chasing after children, and he keeps my back in tip top shape. Besides being great at what he does, he has employed an awesome staff that goes above and beyond to make their patients feel comfortable and part of the Koenig family. I'm so glad one of my clients recommended his office to me last year!, "You call me out upon the waters.
The great unknown where feet may fail.
And there I find You in the mystery.
In oceans deep,
My faith will stand." - Oceans by Hillsong United

A little encouragement for the end of the day. <3, Family. <3, Little Evelyn is such a little doll baby!!! So much personality for only being nine months old. 

Quick update. I've made it through over half of the emails in my inbox from the past week. Should be through the rest by tomorrow afternoon. Thank you so much for your patience! :)

Love her in this butterfly set by JuJuBee's & Co. Fur by JD Vintage Props., How about a little mid-day newborn goodness?!? This little guy and his bunny just melt my heart. <3

Bunny by Britches & Bonnets, pants by Adorable Props, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Happy Monday! I am so glad to be back home and in action today. Lots of editing and emailing are on the schedule. I've been dying to share more of beautiful Rosie's images with you and hope to have a blog post up of her entire session soon. In the mean time, here's a peek at one of my favorites. <3

Headband by my fav Pooks and Lulu, wrap by Goodnight Mouse Baby Knits, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Happy birthday, sweet Matthew! It's been so amazing watching you grow this year. Love this big ol' smile. :)

Amazing bonnet by Zoe and Oliver. Basket stuffer by Custom Photo Props.

For those who missed the post earlier in the week, I have had to take a most of the week off to deal with a family emergency. I will be working a bit tomorrow and all day on Monday to get caught up on emails and messages. Thank you so much for your understanding, and I hope you have a great weekend., Good morning. This is Renee's husband. We have had a family emergency, and she will not be available very much over the next few days. She will do her best to return emails and messages as soon as possible. We will contact anyone with a session over the next 48 hours to reschedule asap. Thank you for your understanding during this time., Simply baby. I don't often post black and white newborn photos, but I thought I'd share this one today. There's something so sweet and innocent about a tiny baby all curled up like they were in the womb. <3

Now reserving newborn sessions through December 2015. For more information and to schedule a consultation, visit http://reneewalstonphotography.com/newborns/., Meet beautiful Maria - 6 days fresh! She is so beautiful at just over eight pounds and had the best head of hair and long eyelashes. She is the second little girl for this amazing family, and I know these girls will be best of friends. <3

AMAZING hand embroidered outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., "The most beautiful things in the world must be felt with the heart." - The Little Prince

There is so much I love about this image. I always appreciate when a baby looks at me and smiles, but there is just something magical about capturing a child at play. I can hardly believe that Matthew is almost a year old! It has been wonderful to watch him grow, and I may just be shedding a few tears over the fact that I won't see his mom every few months...LOL. Happy birthday, little Bumble!

Sailboat prop made by his family (and now part of my collection...woohoo!), and romper by the always amazing Pooks and Lulu., So excited for my upcoming beach sessions! What a perfect way to capture your family's memories. There are only 2 full sessions and a handful of limited edition slots available for the rest of the summer. Visit my booking site to reserve your spot today or feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info. Back to editing I go. Have a great night!

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/, Hello, photographer friends! Popping in to let you know that one of my favorite vendors - Vanilla Lullaby - just opened up her shop for orders. I may or may not have eight new headbands coming in for all my newborn girl clients (sorry, not sorry). :)

Awesome wrap by another one of my favs Little Lidz., My second handsome visitor today was Owen - 5 weeks fresh. His due date was supposed to be next week. It was amazing to see how much he had grown since I saw him in the NICU. He's up over seven pounds now and is cuter than ever. He's pictured here with his very special lion lovey. <3 Have a great night!, Introducing Logan - 12 days fresh! He did such a wonderful job for me today, and the weather cooperated perfectly so I was able to sneak him outside for a few images. I LOVE outdoor newborn photos more than anything. Congratulations to this new family of four!

One of my favorite hats from Adorable Props. Fur basket stuffer by Custom Photo Props., Good Morning! I'm back in action after a whirlwind of a week with two handsome newborns in the studio today. This little guy will be one of them, and I can't wait to see how much he is grown since I last saw him in the NICU.

I will be working hard to have all emails returned by tonight. Hope you have a great day! :), Hope you've had a wonderful day! I've been stuck in a car since 10:45 AM with a few hours more to go. How about we play "Ask Away" for the next 30 minutes or so? Fee free to ask me any question - photography related or otherwise. I'll give you an answer or will make something up if I don't know. 😉, My computer is out of commission for a few days, so here's a iPhone photo of the back of my camera. Can't wait to edit this one of my two sweet boys! If you want to see some behind the scenes pictures from this session, make sure to check me out on Instagram @reneethephotog. Have a great night!, Hello, friends! Thought I would do a little personal share tonight. This is a snapshot of my grandparents on their honeymoon. They celebrated their 70th anniversary yesterday! This is why I love prints so much. There's nothing more rewarding than being able to pass your memories down for generations.

On a side note, my computer is out of commission for a few days for some repair work. All my files are safe and sound, but I have a hard time accessing messages from my phone. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you need to send me a message., One more from tonight because I just can't help myself! Now you know why baby girl is so beautiful. <3, Greetings from Ocean City, MD! I had an amazing sunset beach session tonight with the Hirsch family. Since the last time I've photographed them, they've added a second princess to the family. It was wonderful seeing them again, and the sky was just incredible tonight. Can you spot the moon?, Hope you've had a great weekend! Jayda's GORGEOUS lifestyle maternity session is up on the blog tonight. Come see how gorgeous this dress looked against the sunset. <3

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/06/28/marshfield-maternity-pictures-jayda/, "Because I have a sister, I will always have a friend." <3

Now accepting photo session reservations through December 2015 for Boston area families. Visit www.reneewalstonphotography.com for all the details.

Crown by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}. Dresses are Tutu Du Monde from The MerryLoveJoy Company., Good morning! I had the pleasure of snuggling this handsome little boy on Wednesday for his first portraits. At 7 days fresh, he had the longest arms and legs! I wouldn't be surprised if he surpasses 6' tall as he grows. SO happy for this family!

I will be out of town for a few days, but will be checking in a couple times a day. My fall calendar is filling up fast - I'm sure due to the wonderful winter we just had. :) To secure one of my last newborn spots, visit my website at the link below.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/newborns/

Sleep cap by Little Lullaby Designs. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I had the pleasure of sharing this couple's maternity gallery with them last night. Aren't they adorable? I can't wait to find out if baby is a boy or girl in a few weeks! Any guesses? :)

Quick scheduling update: I have been running non-stop the last few days and am hoping to have all emails and messages answered by early afternoon tomorrow., My last session today was with beautiful Maxine. At almost five months old, she had the sweetest smile and amazing eye contact. Isn't she adorable in this dress from her grandfather? I love watching her grow up right before my eyes!

Now reserving baby milestone sessions through December 2015. Visit reneewalstonphotography.com for all the details or email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., "What? Do I have something on my face?"

HAHA! Sweet Aedyn had me rolling during his session today! He was so full of smiles and gave me the best expressions. My face hurts from smiling so much while watching his images download. He sure did love this amazing cake from Plum Sugar Bakery! Happy birthday! It's been amazing to watch you grown this year.

Sailboat by the uber talented Cardboard Sheek., Happy Monday! My first visitor to the studio this morning was sweet Evelyn. I've had the honor of capturing her milestones several time this year, and she is cute as can be at 9 months old.

Adorable outfit by What's Knot to Love., Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there! I'm especially thankful for my wonderful husband who is such an amazing father to our three children. <3, The princess has arrived! I was so excited to meet beautiful baby Roseleen (aka - Rosie) today. I first met her family when photographing her twin brothers as newborns, and it's been a blast watching their family grow over the last two years. She looks so much like big brother Jameson (see link in comments to see him as a newborn). A big congratulations to the Brown family!

Now accepting reservations for newborn pictures through December 2015 - www.reneewalstonphotography.com., Meet handsome Dexter - 9 days fresh. Love his sweet little smile in this picture! At the end of his session, I asked his dad how they arrived at his name. He let me know that it means "the right hand" or "right," and they felt God had brought him into their life at just the right time. Totally melted my heart. Congratulations to this new family of three!, I just love this sweet snuggle captured during the Dunlap's family beach session! Just a reminder - there are a few slots left for beach mini-sessions in July. Visit the link below for more details. Can't wait to meet your families soon!

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/limited-edition-family-beach-sessions, Fellow photographer friends - Just a reminder that there is an amazing sale and auction tonight at In Memory of Jamie - JME Portraits to benefit the Anderson family. For those of you who don't know, fellow newborn photographer Jamie passed away suddenly of a brain aneurysm leaving behind five children. The sale will take place on the page tagged above tonight at 8 PM CST/9 PM EST., On Sunday afternoon, I had the pleasure of meeting one of my newest clients for the first time while he spends a few weeks growing bigger and stronger in the special care nursery. It was amazing to see how connected he was to his mother already. This little one has AMAZING eye contact. Welcome to the world, Owen! I can't wait to snuggle you soon!, Spending this rainy day editing away! This is beautiful Michaella from the "watermelon smash" session from last week. Doesn't she look like a little doll? I made this backdrop by cutting out paper butterflies and arranging them in an ombre pattern like she has in her nursery. A labor of love, but I'm so happy with how it turned out.

Beautiful headband by Simply Sweet ~ a little lady boutique, romper by LoveByCC, and fur by JD Vintage Props., Rise, shine, and greet Monday with a smile just like gorgeous Sophie! I'll be out of pocket for a bit this morning, but will be back in action later today. Have a wonderful day!

Bench by Mr. & Mrs. And Co. and tieback by Vanilla Lullaby. Her outfit is also part of my studio closet for babies. :), Hope you've had a wonderful weekend! I was so excited to share beautiful Delaney's gallery with her mom today. There were so many favorites, so I thought I'd share her video with you so you can see them all. As an update, big sister Charlee is doing amazingly well. Thank you so much to all who sent well wishes to her as she's winning the battle against leukemia., Introducing gorgeous Priscilla - 10 days fresh. I am so in love with her big smile! Her big brother - George - was one of the first babies I ever photographed. I'm so honored this family chose to work with me again, and they will always hold a special place in my heart.

LOVE this romper and headband by Prop Me Up Prop Shop. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I had the joy of sharing beautiful Ava's gallery with her mom today. Isn't she just the sweetest little thing?!? Currently accepting reservations for newborn session with due dates July - December 2015.

Headband by Pooks and Lulu, bunny by Britches & Bonnets, flokati stuffer by Roses and Ruffles, stretch wrap by Stitches By Sarah., Renee Walston Photography specializes in custom maternity, newborn, baby, child, and family portraiture. Serving Boston, Plymouth, Cape Cod, the South Shore, and beyond. Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on securing a session today!, Hello, friends! Thank you so much for your patience with me over the last few days as I helped my mom care for my grandparents. They are both out of the hospital and doing well now! I returned home late last night and have been working hard to return voicemails, messages, and emails. I should be caught up completely by tomorrow.

I had the pleasure of sharing sweet Matthew's 9 month gallery with his family right before I had to head out of town. This was my first time shooting in this location, and the light was spectacular! I love capturing the sense of wonder that is just innate in babies this age. Have a wonderful night!, Hello! I have had to head out of state unexpectedly for a family emergency. I will have limited access to email and voicemail for the next 48 hours but will try to respond to messages later tonight. Thank you for your patience!, The second princess to visit the studio today was beautiful Sophie. She was full of smiles! These pearls belonged to her great grandmother, and I love that we were able to incorporate them into her one year photos. And let me just tell you, she LOVED her cake! 

Tutu by LoveByCC., I had the chance to hang out with not one, but two beautiful one year olds today. First, was sweet Michaella. It is amazing to see how much she has grown since her newborn session. She is just the sweetest little thing. In our pre-session consult, mom mentioned that she loved watermellon more than anything so we decided to do a twist on the cake smash. LOVE!

Thank you so much to my friend Sarah of Cardboard Sheek for getting this beautiful watermellon banner to me in time for this special session., Adorable little Jaxson is up on the blog this afternoon! It's been so wonderful to watch him grow from a tiny newborn into a handsome one year old. Click on the link below to view more photos from his session and see his cake smash. On a side note, today is my 11th wedding anniversary. Looking forward to taking a few days off to spend with my family. I'll be back in action on Monday. Have a great weekend!

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/06/05/scituate-baby-photographer-cake-smash/, Very excited to be featured over at Beyond the Wanderlust! So fun to see my work published. Absolutely loved this session!, The beautiful twinkies - Annabelle and Evelyn - are up on the blog tonight! I hope you can come take a peek at their sitting up milestone session. They are just too cute for words!

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory and headbands by Simply Sweet ~ a little lady boutique.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/06/04/kingston-baby-photographer-the-twinkies/, Today has been wonderful in so many ways, and I got to end the evening with a gorgeous and fun couple who will be expecting their first child in a few weeks. Such a perfect little bump, and I can't wait to meet baby soon! <3

I also want to take a minute to thank each and every one of you who commented and liked the photo of beautiful Charlee I posted last night. There are no words to express how much it means to her and her family., I'd love to introduce you to one very special little girl. This is beautiful Charlee (3 years old). In December, she was diagnosed with leukemia. When her mother called to arrange her younger sister's newborn session, she told me how brave and strong Charlee has been through all of this. I asked if she liked princess, and we arranged for her to have a royal treatment during the session today! She was in love with this Tutu Du Monde dress, and loved her "diamonds" by Pooks and Lulu. Fortunately, Charlee is cancer free as of right now but still has about two more years of chemo treatments ahead of her. There are no words to express how amazed I am of her parents. I am so glad to have met this amazing little girl!, Meet gorgeous Delaney - 8 days fresh! She is such a tiny little peanut at just over 6.5 pounds. I seriously could not get over her beautiful hair and pouty lips. Big sister also came along for some special photos, and I'll be back in a few with a sneak peek. Congratulations to this family of four!

Stunning headband by Vanilla Lullaby., Meet handsome little Vinny - 12 days fresh and just shy of 9 pounds! I had a great time snuggling him and getting to know his family today. His grandmother owns one of my favorite local shops - Fancie Purls located in the Village Landing shops. In fact, I purchased the yarn used to make his outfit there. :)

Romper knit by me from a pattern by Ginger 'n Pickles Knits. Backdrop from Roses and Ruffles., Handsome little Tucker is making his appearance on the blog this afternoon. Come take a peek at his session so you can see all the amazing hair hiding under this perfect cap by Adorable Props. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/06/01/marshfield-newborn-photographer-tucker/, Rise and shine! Choosing to great this busy Monday with a yawn and a smile. :) Getting ready to meet a sweet newborn boy this morning, to share a maternity gallery with one of my beautiful mamas, then to complete office work later today. I'll be back with more baby goodness for you tonight.

Beautiful Isla's tieback by Baby in Vogue and white layer by Katie's Newborn and Baby Photo Props., I can't leave out adorable 2.5 year old Ella! We had so much fun playing with my princess dresses, bubbles, and ribbon wand. She is such a wonderful big sister and listened to me so well I could have sworn she was a 10 year old. This family is certainly lucky to have these precious girls in their life!, On Friday, I had a wonderful outdoor session with sweet one year old Brea and her sister. It's so amazing to see how much she has grown since her newborn session! I'm pretty sure this little one will be winning the 100M in the Olympics some day. She is SO fast! :) It totally reminded me of chasing after my sweet baby girl. Happy birthday, Brea!, I've been working away all weekend to get sessions edited and blog posts up in between some much needed family time. I'm so excited to share beautiful Daylen's session with you. We had a special visitor the night of her session -  an almost full moon posed perfectly over the ocean! Come visit the blog to see all the images from her session.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/31/plymouth-beach-photos-daylen/, This gorgeous couple's maternity session is up on the blog tonight. One of my favorites to date! It features both studio and beach images. I would love for you to come take a peek. Can't wait to meet sweet baby Logan in just a few weeks!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/28/plymouth-maternity-photographer-anjuli/, Perfect little Maximus is up on the blog tonight. I captured his newborn photos in March, but it's taken me several months to figure out exactly what I wanted to say about this very special little man. I hope you can come take a peek!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/27/leominster-newborn-photographer-maximus/

Awesome baby jeans by the amazing Pooks and Lulu., Beautiful Ella is up on the blog! I'd love for you to come take a peek at her session. Isn't her hair just amazing?!?

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/26/scituate-newborn-photographer-ella/

Romper by Pooks and Lulu. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning! Here's a little beach session goodness to start your morning off right. :) After getting some feedback from some of my awesome clients, I have changed up offerings for the limited edition beach sessions just a bit. Head on over to the website to learn mor and reserve your spot today!

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/, Hope you've had a wonderful day! I am SO excited to share my latest product offering with you. Introducing Birth Announcement Storyboards - the perfect piece of custom artwork to commemorate your baby's birth. I hope you love these as much as I do. Head on over to learn more and to see one displayed in my home. Interested in ordering or giving one as a gift? Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/26/birth-announcement-storyboards/, It's so amazing to be a part of many "family firsts" for my clients. For the Dunlap's, I had the chance to photograph their first baby - sweet Gavin - as a precious newborn. On Friday, I was capturing his first birthday pictures which also happened to be his first time at the beach. I had to share this photo as their sneak peek because it perfectly captures the sense of wonder he had that night. <3, Hope you had a fantastic weekend! It's Tuesday, which means swim lessons for my littles then I'm back in the office this afternoon. Enjoy your day, and I'll be back later today to share a sneak peek from Friday night's session + introduce you to a brand new product offering. Woohoo! :)

BTW - Lots have asked me about our lessons. We LOVE Kelly at Plymouth Fitness and have done both group and private lessons with her. Totally worth it!, Remembering all those who gave their lives so we can be free and thankful for those who serve every day. 🇺🇸

I'll be back in the office tomorrow. Have a great day!, Hope you're having a wonderful Memorial Day weekend! I busted up my foot yesterday chasing down baby girl, so instead of being on the beach I'm editing away. These beautiful girls make it not so bad. :) See comments for a photo of them wearing the same headbands as newborns.

Headbands by Vanilla Lullaby. Burlap stuffer by Avonli Cottage., Happy Friday! I just ordered some prints for my home of the beach session I did with my kiddos on Mother's Day. Can't wait for them to get here! This image perfectly describes my life with my Adeline. She is ALWAYS running away from me as fast as she can with a big smile on her face...LOL! Can anyone else with a toddler relate? :)

Looking forward to capturing memories for another family out on the beach tonight. Have a great day!, Beautiful Ella's beach princess session is up on the blog tonight! Her beautiful dress is just one of many in my style closet. All you need to do is bring your daughter to the session. :) I loved these images so much that I will be offering both full and mini beach princess sessions this summer. Now available for booking. See comments for the link to reserve your spot today.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/21/plymouth-beach-photographer-princess-ella/, Seashore Sessions are now available! Both full and limited edition mini-sessions are up for grabs. Limited availability, so please reserve quickly if you would like a spot today.

BOOK HERE: http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/

SEE A FULL FAMILY SESSION HERE: http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/05/21/cape-cod-beach-photographer-coyle-family/, Today's the day! Seashore Session date release will take place at 3 PM today. I can't wait to meet all your families and capture these beautiful memories for you. If you signed up for the early notification list, you may want to check your inbox. ;), null, null, Meet beautiful little Ava - 7 days fresh! She is just the sweetest little thing, and I couldn't get enough of her long hair and pouty lips. I didn't get a glimpse of her eyes until we were putting her back in the car seat to go home. So excited to watch her grow this year! To see some behind the scenes footage of this setup, check out my Instagram feed @reneethephotog.

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, pink fur by JD Vintage Props, and purple flokati by me., It's official! The 2015 Seashore Session Schedule release will take place this Thursday at 3 PM. I'll post more details on how to reserve your spot at that time. I can't wait to meet your families and capture wonderful memories for you this summer. Both full and limited edition session times will be available. :), I think it's safe to say he liked his cake! :)

Thanks to Plum Sugar Bakery for another beautiful and delicious cake., Look who I spent my afternoon with! Sweet Jaxson was in the studio for his one year portraits and cake smash. Isn't he SO adorable?!? I'll be back in a few minutes to show you his cake.

Perfect outfit by Pooks and Lulu., I'm going to be like Daylen and face this busy Monday with a HUGE smile! Heading to the studio for a full day and will be devoting tonight to catching up on all emails and messages from the weekend. Hope you have a fantastic day!, Another gorgeous day, and another beautiful sunset on the beach tonight. I can not wait to meet the little man inside this perfect baby bump in just a few short weeks!, I had the pleasure of revealing sweet Heidi's gallery to her parents today. She might take the award for most smiles in a single session. I think I had at least five pictures in her gallery with big grins like this. Have a great night!

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Wow, did this week fly by! Off to wrap it up with a sweet little man for his milestone portraits. Did you know that the beach session schedule will be released next week?!? For first dibs, email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com. I'll be working through emails later tonight. Have a great weekend!, Thank you so much for all the love you showed on my image share last night. I truly appreciate all your comments and messages, and I know it means the world to my clients too. <3 One of my favorite things about shooting at sunset is watching how the light changes. This was the first image I took last night right as the sky was starting to turn pink. Love baby girl's hand wrapping around mom's back., Tonight, I had the opportunity to check something off my "photography bucket list." This gorgeous mother allowed me to capture her nursing her beautiful baby girl...on the beach...at sunset. It was magical! <3, My son's face in this image pretty much sums what I think about today...LOL! Had a great time watching their swimming lessons this morning, then on the way home got a flat tire that threw the rest of the day into chaos. Ever have a day where every thing you do takes 3 times longer than it should or is it just me? Just have to laugh sometimes! :), And one more because I just can't help myself! Love this beautiful momma-to-be. Have a great night! <3

Gown by Roses and Ruffles., I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this baby boy is going to be GORGEOUS! :) Loved sharing this sweet couple's maternity session images with them tonight. I need to get this blogged so you can see them all soon, but in the mean time here's one of my favorites. The sky was so incredible the night of their session. Can't wait to meet you soon little one!

Beautiful maternity gown by Roses and Ruffles., My morning was spent with this sweet little cub - Matthew at 9 months old! It's absolutely gorgeous outside here today, so we snuck down to a local park for a few outdoor images. Here's a quick tip for you. When you want to take photos of your kids on a very sunny day, find a spot under a tree, by a fence, etc. where there is an open patch of shade. It will help you get great photos even when the sun is bright. <3, I know it's late, but I had to pop in and wish all my wonderful mommy fans out there a Happy Mother's Day! I spent the day relaxing with the family and playing at the beach. So thankful to my hubby who captured this image of me and my daughter. Hope you have a wonderful night!, Looking for something fun to do today? Come visit with our awesome Plymouth Police Force and see demonstrations like this. So cool! They're at the Plymouth Public library until 2 PM., Let's just all stop for a moment and stare at handsome little Tucker - 10 days fresh. I think I may have squealed just a little bit when I saw all that gorgeous hair and those smoochy lips. His older brother was equally as adorable, and mom and dad are pretty awesome people themselves. A big congratulations to this family of four!

Love my new backdrop from Roses and Ruffles., Looking forward to delivering this sweet boy's print order to his family this morning! Nothing better than getting your images up on your walls. :) This was one of mom's favorites. Isn't he so cute? Hope you have a fantastic Friday!

Hat by Adorable Props and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Sometimes you just have to put on a tutu and run around in a field at sunset. <3 Wasn't the weather today just glorious?!?

Beautiful Tutu Du Monde dress from The MerryLoveJoy Company and custom headpiece from Pooks and Lulu., Only my son would get croup on the most beautiful day of the year, so I'm living vicariously through adorable little Jaxson right now wishing I was out on the beach. Can not wait to release my summer schedule very soon! Please send me a note or comment with your email below if you'd like to be added to the notification list., Another beautiful night out on the beach with this adorable family! They will be welcoming their third baby boy in a matter of weeks so we did a mixture of maternity and family photos. I just loved this one of them cuddling and playing together right as the sun was disappearing beneath the horizon. The sky tonight was spectacular! I love seeing how much it changes from night to night., Sweet Ella - such a natural beauty both inside and out! I just had to share one more peek from her session tonight so you could see the color of her eyes of close., "Childhood is the most beautiful of all seasons." <3

Meet gorgeous Ella - 10 years old. I'm so excited for a summer full of beach sessions. Available dates will be released very soon, so please email me if you would like to be added to the notification list., Happy birthday, Hadley! I can't believe you already a year old. It's been so amazing to watch you grow this past year. I'm going to eat some cake for you today!

AMAZING and delicious cake by Plum Sugar Bakery., Meet the Coyle family! We had an amazing time out on the beach tonight for a sunset seashore session. Little Jaxson will be turning one later this month, and it's been amazing to see how much he as grown since his newborn session! <3

I'm hoping to finalize my summer schedule later this week and will be giving those on my email list first dibs on dates. Please send me a note at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to be added to this list. Can't wait to meet your beautiful families soon!, Morning light.

It's hard to wake up at 4:45 AM for a session, but it's totally worth it. <3, "When you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are. Anything your heart desires will come to you." - Lyrics by Ned Washington

I would say the first seashore session of the season was a success. Love Miss Daylen to pieces, and I can't wait for her to see this when she gets up tomorrow. It's been a wonderful, but long day and I have a sunrise session tomorrow morning. I'll be back to emails and messages tomorrow. Sweet dreams!

Beautiful crown by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., Good morning! I just finished up adorable Hendrix's gallery, and I just had to share this one with you. He's just so "beary" cute! ;) Editing and emails on the agenda today with a little soccer thrown in between. Hope you have a fantastic day!

Love this hat by Beautiful Ewe., If you follow me over on Instagram @reneethephotog, you saw a behind the scenes video of adorable little Matty earlier today. This was literally the first picture I took during our session, and I couldn't have asked for a sweeter smile. It's amazing to see how much he has grown since his newborn session 7 months ago. See link in comments to see him as a newborn. Have a great night!, Did your or someone you know someone who welcome a new bundle of joy between April 20 - 29? I will be offering a few limited edition newborn sessions next week. Feel free to tag anyone you think may be interested. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for all the details., There are hardly words to describe how much I enjoyed photographing these beautiful sisters today. Sweet Ella is just 7 days fresh and a tiny little peanut at just over 6 pounds. Her big sister Isabelle (3 years) had the sweetest personality and listened to my instructions like a champ. I just had to share this image as their sneak peek. Congratulations to this new family of four!

Ella's tieback by Dear Felicity., Ava's gallery is complete! I absolutely LOVE sitting up milestone sessions. If your baby was born between September - November 2014, May is the perfect time to bring your baby into the studio. Feel free to contact me for more details on reserving your session today.

Amazing outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., I am so excited to share a sneak peek of a brand new photography experience with you - Tiny Daydreamer Sessions. Childhood should be full of fun, laughter, and lots of imaginative play. My goal is to create sessions that bring out those magical moments that make your child special. My son Ben loves two things more than anything right now - Matchbox cars and peanut butter sandwiches. Why not take those things and combine them into one awesome photoshoot? :) I'll be releasing more details very soon! Are you excited?, Happy Monday! Let's start the week some newborn baby goodness featuring handsome little Kane. I'm gearing up for a busy day at the studio with lots of shooting, emails, and editing. As a side note, I am getting ready to start scheduling outdoor family sessions (both wooded and beach). Feel free to send me a note if you want to be notified when the calendar is released. <3 Renee

One of my favorite hats of all time by Little Lullaby Designs., When this is the first image you take during a maternity session, you know it's going to be a pretty epic day. I am SO excited for this beautiful mother who will be welcoming her first child - a baby boy - in a few months.  This little man is already loved by so many, and I can't wait to meet him soon!, Happy Friday! I had the pleasure of spending the afternoon with gorgeous little Annabelle. I can't believe she's one! One of my favorite parts of my job is watching my clients grow up right in front of my eyes. Happy Birthday, Annabelle Grace!

Headband by Pooks and Lulu. Bird bed she is sitting on by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., I had so much fun with adorable little Andrew this morning! This is the fourth time I've photographed him, and I must say this may have been one of my favorite sessions. :) Congratulations, Sandy & Pete! Can't wait to meet your newest addition in November! And Andrew - I know you're going to be an awesome big brother. <3, I must confess that it takes every bit of willpower that I have to not munch on sweet baby toes during my sessions. <3, Wasn't the weather today glorious? I enjoyed every minute of the sunshine while running back and forth to the studio. I hope you enjoy this image of adorable little Finn. I had the pleasure of sharing his gallery with his parents yesterday. So cute!

Love this hat by Little Lullaby Designs and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Working hard to get images finished and up on the blog today! Come check out beautiful Evelyn's 6 month photos up on the site. Isn't she just the cutest little thing? Love this sitter set by Prop Me Up Prop Shop. My calendar is filling up fast, so if you're interested in a baby milestone session please contact me as soon as possible at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/04/20/plymouth-baby-photos-evelyn/, Have I ever told you how much I love sitting up milestone sessions? Annabelle (left) and Evelyn (right) have grown so much since I photographed them as newborns 8 months ago. They just keep getting cuter and cuter! <3

Kites by Cardboard Sheek. Headbands by Knitz., Guess who's coming into the studio today?!? Can't wait to see "The Twinkies" again for their sitting up milestone session! It's hard to believe that it's been 8 months since I took this photo., Hope you've enjoyed this beautiful day as much as I have! I started out the morning photographing gorgeous Hadley. I can hardly believe she's about to turn one! Love watching my "Watch Me Grow" clients grow up right before my eyes. Doesn't little miss have the most beautiful eyes?!?

I'll be back to emails and messages tomorrow afternoon. Have a great night!

Headband by Simply Sweet ~ a little lady boutique., Introducing beautiful Heidi - 10 days fresh! She is such a tiny little bundle of sweetness at just over six pounds. Heidi's mom is from Italy, and in our pre-session planning she talked about having an image using a saddle as horses are very important to her family's heritage. I worked some magic behind the scenes to track one down, and I hope she loves how this turned out as much as I do. Congratulations to this new family of three!

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory and tieback by Vanilla Lullaby. Romper and knit layer by me - Harbor Knits., Good morning! So excited to announce the winners of the One Boston Day giveaway. Watch the video to see if you've won. Winners - please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to claim your prize within 48 hours., For those who missed my post earlier today, I would love to join with our community in celebrating the first "One Boston Day" with an act of gratitude. I'd like to gift a beach mini-session to a family of a first responder. If you know a deserving family of a police officer, firefighter, EMT, etc., please tag them in this post, the one pinned to the top of my page, or message me on this page with their name if they are not on Facebook. I will randomly select a family at 9 AM EST tomorrow morning. Thank you so much to those who work tirelessly to keep us safe! <3, I would love to join with our community in celebrating the first One Boston Day with an act of gratitude. I'd like to gift a beach mini-session to a family of a first responder. If you know a deserving family of a police officer, firefighter, EMT, etc., please tag them in this post or message me on this page with their name if they are not on Facebook. I will randomly select a family at 9 AM EST tomorrow morning., A little personal share tonight. The last month has been one of the most rewarding and most difficult times for me. March was my busiest month since I opened my doors, and I feel beyond blessed that almost every family I photographed was a repeat client or a referral. I met so many beautiful babies! My husband and I have been frantically working on top secret, soon to be revealed project that is requiring extensive renovations at the studio. At home, my kids were sick, then sick, then sick again. On Sunday night, the lack of sleep + their germs finally caught up to me and I was down for the count for a good 24+ hours. In between, I've been editing, fulfilling orders, and scrambling to answer emails (489 in the old inbox right now). 

I don't share this information for pity, but for a reason. Maybe I can even offer you a little encouragement tonight. I know many of you are working moms just like me. We all feel guilty when we feel like we can't give 110% to everything. Earlier today, I realized I had been ignoring my kids beyond their basic needs for days. So, I fed them a quick dinner, shoved them in the car, somehow remembered my camera, and busted down to the beach. We took 60 glorious minutes of sand, waves, and sunset. We tossed rocks, wandered out onto the jetty, and looked at the bugs on the seaweed. Ever feel like you just NEED fresh air? My middle son exclaimed on the way home, "Mommy, that was awesome! Can we do that again sometime?!?"

Today, I'm going to remember that it's not just okay but necessary to take a break every once in a while - something that's SO hard for me to do. I'm not going to feel guilty about it, but instead I'm going to rejoice in these small moments of togetherness with my children. I have the next 2 hours to work on cleaning up my inbox once the kids are in bed. :)

Here's one of the images I took tonight of my sweet girl. She was not a fan of the sand, but she was very content to play with this pile of rocks. Looking forward to more moments like this in the future.

<3 Renee, Hello, friends! I've been under the weather and in bed all day. Hoping to be back in action tomorrow, so in the mean time I just have to share these images of beautiful Maliah. I just love using fresh flowers in my sessions whenever possible, and these coordinated perfectly with this beautiful headband by Vanilla Lullaby., I can hardly believe how much beautiful Ava has grown since I saw her for her newborn portraits! I absolutely cherish seeing my "Watch Me Grow" babies hit their milestones. She is so pretty in pink! <3, Good morning! To all my local mommy friends, if you have a few minutes this weekend you have to check out The Children's Clothesline sale held at the Cardinal Cushing Center gym in Hanover. All items are carefully inspected to make sure they're in great condition, and I find awesome items every time. Lots of new with tag items too. Check out their page to learn more about hours and the half price sale. Have a great day!, It's always an honor when someone chooses you to photograph their newborn, but it's especially wonderful when they choose you again when they have their second baby! Meet Hendrix - 8 days fresh. He is 7.5 pounds of pure perfection. It was so hard for me to choose which image to share, but this one just captured his sweetness perfectly. A big congratulations to this new family of four!

Wrap by Little Lidz., It's Friday! Woohoo! Headed off to the studio to meet a new little man soon, but I wanted to pop in to let you know there is one more spot left in April's magical moments {CAPTURED} camera class for parents. I'd love for you to join us. All the details can be found in the link in the comments., Meet beautiful Isla - 20 days fresh! She is just the cutest little thing and has the most gorgeous colored eyes. It's hard to tell exactly what color they will be. I had a wonderful time snuggling her earlier today and getting to know her parents. They are just over the moon in love with their princess!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles. Romper and bonnet by me., Hello, friends! Sharing some baby smiles with you between sessions to help get you through the day. :) I'll be back later tonight with some sneak peeks and will be tackling the good old inbox.

Bunny bonnet by Britches & Bonnets., Renee Walston Photography - Timeless maternity, newborn, child, and family portraiture.  Located in Plymouth, MA.  Serving Boston, Cape Cod, the South Shore, and New England.  Inquiries may be directed to reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.  More work can be viewed at www.reneewalstonphotography.com., My sweet Adeline's 14 month session is up on the blog tonight! 

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/04/07/boston-baby-photography-adeline/

I'd love for you to check out my new Youtube channel as well. Here's the link to her video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G6HvVJLqvA

Perfect outfit by Pooks and Lulu., Happy Monday! I hope you enjoyed Easter weekend with your family. Today's my birthday, and I couldn't have asked for a better way to spend it than snuggling sweet 3 month old Devin. He had amazing eye contact and even gave me a few little smiles along the way. I'm taking the rest of the night off, but I'll be back in action tomorrow.  :)

Amazing bunny hat and lovie by Britches & Bonnets., null, Breaking my own rules and sharing two sneak peeks because I just had to share this cuteness with you. Baby Evelyn may just be one of the cutest bunny rabbits ever! Happy Easter!

Bunny bonnet by Britches & Bonnets. Sheepskin by JD Vintage Props., I could not have asked for a better way to end the week! Say hello to GORGEOUS Evelyn - 6 months. She is perfect in so many ways, and I just loved this little grin she gave me. I've been smiling since the minute I pulled this image off my camera. So sweet!

Amazing outfit by Pooks and Lulu, bird bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, and white curly layer by Katie's Newborn and Baby Photo Props., Hello, friends! Hope you've had a wonderful day. These handsome boys are helping me give a nod to World Autism Awareness Day. We've all been wearing blue around here today in support of families sharing in the joys and struggles of raising children on the spectrum. 

On another note, I am now accepting reservations for newborn session into November. Yes, I'm pinching myself and so honored that families trust me to keep their special secret. If you would like more information on how to reserve, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com. I'll be back at emails tomorrow morning., Beautiful Madeline's newborn session has been blogged! I'd love for you to come take a peek; she is absolutely adorable. In the spirit of Easter, I just had to share this one. LOVE my bunnies from Britches & Bonnets and this headband by Vanilla Lullaby.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/04/01/south-shore-newborn-photographer-madeline/, I'm so thrilled to announce that Benjamin & Sawyer's session has been blogged. Check out the link below to see their birth announcement video and lots of images from their time with me. As a side note, I have one spot left for a newborn with an April due date. Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like more info.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/04/01/boston-newborn-photographer-twins/

AMAZING custom hat and pant set by Adorable Props. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., My sweet Adeline is 14 months old, and I can hardly believe it! I was able to sneak in a few photos of her the other day. I am so in love with this new tufted couch. It's part of a big project going on behind the scenes, and I can't wait to share everything with you soon! This tieback and romper by Baby in Vogue may be one of my favorite outfits in my studio style closet., It's Facebook official, so I can finally share a secret I've been keeping! Congratulations to the Fey family who will be welcoming another baby girl in September! Can't wait to meet her. Big sister Maggie was one of the first babies I ever photographed two years ago, and it's so much fun to watch their family grow.

I'll be doing the mom thing this morning with my littles, but this afternoon will be dedicated to responding to emails and messages. Hope you have a great day!, I'm so excited to introduce you to Finn - 8 days fresh! I also had the honor of capturing his mother's maternity portraits. Is so fun to meet the peanut from the bump! This little guy is just over six pounds and is just as cute as can be. It took all the restraint I have to not kiss those sweet cheeks!

Bonnet and pants by me - Harbor Knits. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Guess who's one?!? Can't wait to see this sweet baby for her cake smash today followed by a newborn boy and emails in between. Hope you have a fantastic day, and make sure to check back later to see how much she's grown., Hope you've had a great weekend! Mine has been very busy but quite wonderful. I had the pleasure of sharing sweet Madeline's gallery with her family, and I absolutely love this one.

Gorgeous outfit by Prop Me Up Prop Shop and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.

On a side note, I can hardly believe Easter is next weekend! I would like to invite any of my local fans who may desire to attend a service to join our family at North River Community Church in Pembroke either at 9 or 11 AM. We'd love to have you as our guests! Feel free to message me  if you have questions or want details. I'll be back in action tomorrow. Have a great night!, Gorgeous little Harriette came to visit me today along with her baby sister. Isn't she just the cutest thing ever?!?, Introducing handsome Hendrix - 8 days fresh! Can we just talk about his hair?!? I'm seriously starting to consider a full time career as a newborn hair stylist. ;) I'm editing like a crazy woman tonight and indulging in one of my favorites - Grey's Anatomy. What are you up to?

Clients: If this is your baby, feel free to tag yourself or share this image on your page. Please do not crop or edit in any way - including the use of Instagram filters. Thank you!  :), All the goodies have been rolling in over the last few days for the first magical moments {CAPTURED} camera class for parents. Can't wait for Saturday! There are only a few spots left in the April class, so snag one before they're gone. We'll be discussing camera settings, lighting, composition, and how to capture your child's everyday moments.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/magical-moments-captured-photography-class-for-parents, Those of you who follow me on Instagram (@reneethephotog) saw me post a pretty awesome prop that was brought to one of my newborn sessions earlier in the week. It's not every day you get to hold a Superbowl ring in your hands! Connor's grandfather works for the NY Giants, so we'll just have to ignore the fact that it's not a Patriots ring.  ;), I had a great time sharing Ben & Sawyer's images with their family today! Can't wait to blog their session soon so you can also see them all, but in the mean time here's another sneak peek to tide you over. :)

Bear bonnets by Beautiful Ewe, grey knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, brown fur by Katie's Newborn and Baby Photo Props., Introducing handsome Connor - 4.5 weeks fresh! He is a bit older than "normal" newborn age, but he did amazingly well today. He came all the way from New York for his session. At just over ten pounds, he had the best little back rolls. I seriously could have kept him! A big congratulations to this new family of three!

One of my favorite boy hats by Little Lullaby Designs. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I spent the day with two very handsome gentlemen today. Here's sweet Thomas at 6 months old. I love my baby plan clients! It's so much fun to watch them grow. He gave me so many smiles, but there was something about this image that just captivated me. These pure baby images are some of my favorites. <3, Introducing beautiful Maliah - 8 days fresh! She is so sweet and tiny at just over six pounds. I could have kept her! Her mother designed a gorgeous Tiffany & Co. themed nursery which was the inspiration for this photo.

Gorgeous custom headband by Pooks and Lulu and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning! Heading home from church then off to a newborn session. With babies being born left and right the last few days + a family emergency mid-week, it's been a bit crazy behind the scenes. As a reminder, I will be responding to messages and emails later today. Hope you enjoy this behind the scenes video from Kane's newborn session the other day. He is just so sweet!, Hope you're having a great weekend! I can hardly believe that sweet RJ is turning one. I have photographed him since he was a bump in his mama's belly, and it's been such a joy to watch him grow. I just loved his expression in this one. He totally posed himself. :)

I'll be back in the office tomorrow afternoon and will be responding to messages and emails at that time. Have a great night!, Meet beautiful Aubriella - 10 days fresh! She was one of the beautiful babies that I photographed with my dear friend Amy up in Maine earlier this week.

A little personal share for me today. The last few days have been an emotional whirlwind for me. I've snuggled 7 different babies in the last 72 hours and celebrated all the magic of their new, precious lives. Yesterday, I received a phone call from my parents letting me know I should probably head to western MA today to visit my grandmother as her long battle with cancer may be coming to an end soon. It's been quite the ride to witness this circle of life within such a short period. I am so thankful for all my clients and that they trust me to capture their lives. It's strangely and amazingly intimate to watch families grow, blossom, and change. This image seemed very appropriate to share tonight, and I thank you for allowing me to share a piece of my heart with you.

Clients: If this is your baby, feel free to tag yourself, share, or make your profile picture but please do not crop or edit in any way. :), I just had to post this one too! I may or may not have started crying with joy when I scrolled through the rest of Max's images and saw this. Yes, little man looked at me and smiled. I'm all mush inside right now!!!, It is my pleasure to introduce you to Maximus - 12 days fresh! This little man holds a very special place in my heart. His grandfather has been one of my dad's best friends since childhood, and I have known his mother since I was little girl. It's been wonderful to watch his parents fall in love, get married, and start a business together - Push Pull Training, LLC.

At first I wasn't sure if I would even mention this, but I figured it's an important part of his story. Max was diagnosed with Down Syndrome in utero, and it's been nothing short of incredible to witness how his parents and community have responded. I am confident that Max will not be defined by this diagnosis, and I know with this type of love and support around him his future is very bright. I am so excited to watch him grow and to see his personality develop.

Maximus' mom and dad are committed to a healthy lifestyle, and it was no surprise that they signed up for the Best Buddies Challenge before he was even born. If you would like to join me in supporting "Team Max" head on over to the link below.

Sorry for such a long post, but my heart is so full right now! <3

http://myhp.bestbuddieschallenge.org/faf/search/searchTeamPart.asp?ievent=1112729&lis=1&kntae1112729=A1D31C8B08844600B68D93A0D47C9DE0&team=6220492, Introducing Estelle - 12 days fresh! This little girl will always hold a special place in my heart as she is the 100th newborn I have photographed. She looks absolutely gorgeous wearing this headband by Vanilla Lullaby. <3

Clients: If this is your baby, feel free to tag yourself, share, or make your profile picture but please do not crop or edit in any way. :), Happy St. Patrick's Day! I just returned home from a wonderful 2 day workshop with Amy of Amy True Photography. Here's one of the handsome little guys that we worked with today. Can we all just pause to look at his AMAZING hair! I will be back to answering emails and messages tomorrow.

Clients: If this is your baby, feel free to tag yourself, share, or make your profile picture but please do not crop or edit in any way. :), Dropping in to say hello after a wonderful first day of workshopping with Amy of Amy True Photography. We photographed three beautiful babies today. Up first was Ana - 13 days fresh. Isn't she just gorgeous?!? We had a blast creating this set-up after finding these beautiful fresh flowers. For more sneak peeks and behind the scenes fun, make sure to head on over to Instagram and follow me @reneethephotog.

Basket by JD Vintage Props and layering pieces by Katie's Newborn and Baby Photo Props., I will be out of office for a few days and will have limited access to email and Facebook. I'll do my best to check in as often as possible., Introducing handsome Kane - 8 days fresh! I had a great time getting to know his family, and just loved snuggling him. I think he wins the award for the baby with the best facial expressions! Head on over to Instagram to see the face he gave me when I took this beanie off his head. You can find me @reneethephotog.

LOVE this hat by Little Lullaby Designs, and it coordinates perfectly with my favorite wrap from Little Lidz. Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Posting a little later than normal tonight, so I hope Facebook shows this sweet face to you. I absolutely love photographing babies on these Flokati rugs.  The colors and textures just get me every time, and the baby just looks so peaceful! <3, Hope you're having a wonderful day! For all my photographer friends - have you signed up for the Dream Baby Boston Workshop by Dewdrops Photography by Amy McDaniel and Nicole Smith Photography? I'm so excited to be hosting this event in September and would love for you to join us. All the details and information on how to register can be found in the comments below., Today was absolutely glorious! With temps near 60 degrees, it helped remind me that the snow is gong to melt. I had a blast revealing Aiden's newborn images to his family this afternoon. I couldn't choose which one to preview, so here are some of my favorites from his session. Please visit the blog to see his birth announcement video and all the rest of my favorites from his session. <3

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/03/12/plymouth-ma-baby-photographer/, This is why I love when mothers choose to have me document their pregnancy and their new baby's tiny features! I work extra hard to coordinate the feel and colors of your images to help tell the story of this magical time in your life. I guarantee you will not regret capturing your beautiful bump! Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on Bump to Baby sessions. I work with women of all shapes and sizes. <3

Backdrop in the maternity image by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory. Headband by Flourishing Creations, backdrop by Roses and Ruffles, and knit wrap by Pure Knits., Eagerly awaiting baby girl! Can't wait to meet the little one inside this beautiful bump in a few weeks. I really enjoyed getting to know her gorgeous mother today. Maternity gown by Roses and Ruffles.

For my fans that live in the Westbrook/Portland, ME area, please head on over to Amy True Photography for an exciting announcement. We will be looking for some newborn models next Monday and Tuesday for a special project., Introducing Madeline - 8 days fresh! I could not have asked for a better way to end the week. She is such a tiny package of perfection, and I had a great time getting to know her mother and grandmother today. I think this image will coordinate perfectly with her lamb themed nursery.

I'll be out of pocket until Monday traveling up to Maine to assist with a twin newborn session. I'll do my best to answer emails and messages as time allows. Have a great weekend!, A little iPhone photo behind the scenes post for you tonight. My daughter gets SO excited when she sees pictures of herself. It was awesome to see her reaction when this canvas arrived tonight (thank you Mr. UPS for carrying six boxes down my 1/10 mile long driveway in the snow). This one is a 24" x 36" - one of my favorite sizes. <3 

Feel free to contact me if you need help getting those images off your USB and up on your walls!, Meet Ethan (8 weeks) and Colby (4 years old)! These two are just adorable, and we had a blast during their mini-session. Colby and I made monster faces and played superheroes, and little Ethan gave me all sorts of adorable expressions and lots of snuggles. You can tell they will be best of friends as they grow!

As a side note, the magical moments {CAPTURED} photography class for parents is 2/3 full. See link in comments for more information on how to reserve your spot today., Introducing Benjamin and Sawyer - 8 days fresh! I had such an amazing time getting to know their family today and snuggling them both. As part of the pre-session planning, mom mentioned she would love a black and white image of the boys laying with each other (if they cooperated).  I would say mission accomplished.  <3

A big thanks to my dear friend Amy of Amy True Photography for assisting me with this session today. Beautiful wrap by Little Lidz., At the studio pulling props for today's newborn session. You know what two of everything means? Twinkies in the house today!!! As a result, I'll have very limited access to email and messages until later tonight. Thanks for your understanding, and I'll respond to everyone asap!, Meet William - 8 weeks old!  I had so much fun snuggling him today and getting to watch his adorable expressions.  So much personality for such a little peanut!  I'm sharing several images at once so you can see what a mini-session looks like.  I will be offering a limited number of these a month for anyone who might want to capture their baby's milestones.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information., Hope you've had a fantastic weekend! I'm so excited to announce that registration for the magical moments {CAPTURED} class is now open. Come learn how to use your "fancy camera" and take better images of your children at play. Class size is limited to 5 participants per day, so make sure to snag your spot right away.  Please feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with any questions.

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/magical-moments-captured-photography-class-for-parents, I'm so excited to announce that I will be releasing details and opening registration for this exciting new class tomorrow night. Do you have a "fancy camera" that you're not sure how to use? Do you struggle with how to capture your children in their everyday moments? This class is for you! Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject "Camera Class" to get the opportunity to pre-register first!, TGIF!  I scheduled a very important session for this afternoon.  :) My two boys are obsessed with dressing up like superheroes, so I surprised them with their favorite costumes and this special backdrop.  They went to town jumping around, practicing their moves, and posing perfectly.  They've never been so cooperative...LOL!  Have a great night!, Finishing up sweet Maxine's gallery and getting ready to watch Grey's.  This pose is a newer one for me, and she loved it.  Hope you have a great night!

Gorgeous headband by Pooks and Lulu.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Expecting baby boy!  I had a wonderful maternity session this afternoon.  During our pre-session consultation, this gorgeous mom-to-be mentioned that she would love a few images with the ocean as a backdrop.  I was more than happy to oblige.  <3, Hello, friends!  I have been battling a pretty intense migraine since last night.  Looking at my bright computer screen is not doing me any good right now, so I'm going to turn it off for the night and will be back in action tomorrow morning to finish answering emails and messages.  And because I must post a beautiful baby at least once a day, here's one more of gorgeous Katie.  

Tieback by Vanilla Lullaby.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Finally sitting down after a wonderful (but long) day at the studio.  I came home to find that my daughter's one year portraits had arrived.  Yes, I hire someone to photograph my family too.  :)  A big thanks to Amy of @Amy True Photography for capturing these memories for me.  So thankful to have some many wonderful photographer friends!  Have a great night, and I'll be back in action in the morning., Happy birthday, Mommy!  <3 Aiden 

Have a great night!  I'll be back to emails and messages tomorrow., Introducing beautiful Karter - 5 days fresh!  This sweet little peanut (just under 7 pounds) melted my heart this afternoon.  I just love me some babies with lots of hair!  <3

Tieback by Vanilla Lullaby.  Knit layer by Raspberry and Lime., Last week, I had the pleasure of hanging out with the Hanna children.  Let's just pause for a moment to check out their beautiful blue eyes!  Big sister was absolutely the sweetest thing ever, and the boys kept me laughing the entire session.  Adorable!, **SPOT FILLED!  Thank you so much!**

Good morning!  MODEL CALL: I am in need of a newborn boy to model for a special project this Sunday, 2/22 at 3:30 PM in my Plymouth, MA studio.  Baby must be 5-10 days old.  Please feel free to tag anyone you know who just had a baby.  If you're interested, please email me at rwpmodels@gmail.com with the subject line February Baby Boy.  Digital images with printing rights will be provided as a thanks for your time.  Thank you so much!  :), Can I just tell you how much I love session premiers!  I had so much fun sharing Katie's gallery with her mother and grandmother today.  Head on over to the blog so you can see more images from her session along with her birth announcement video.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/02/19/cape-cod-baby-photography/

One of my favorite headbands by Pooks and Lulu.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Fun fact!  Did you know I'm slowly teaching myself how to tweet?  ;)  That's right!  You can now follow me @reneethephotog over on Twitter.  I also share lots of behind the scenes posts on my Instagram feed @reneethephotog.

And because no post is complete without an image, here's another of GORGEOUS Lily at 2 weeks fresh.  Rose dawn sheepskin by JD Vintage Props.  Headband by Goodnightmoon Props., Good morning!  Guess what?  It's snowing.  ;)  It was so wonderful to share Lily's gallery with her family last night.  This is one of my favorites from her session!  I'll be in "mom mode" this morning running my kiddos to their activities, but I'll be back to answering emails and messages later today.  Stay warm!

Bowl by JD Vintage Props.  Bonnet by The Pure Nest., Introducing Aiden - 9 days fresh!  It's always special to welcome a newborn into the studio, but it's extra special when you also took mom's maternity photos.  I know his parents were very excited to see me setting this image up, so I just had to share it as his sneak peek.  <3

Bear lovie by Britches & Bonnets, knit layer by Raspberry and Lime, flokati by me., Happy Monday!  Once the snow broke yesterday, the light streaming through my bedroom window was so beautiful that I did a little impromptu photo shoot with my baby girl.  I'm working hard this year to take more lifestyle pictures of my kids with some of their favorite things. She LOVES this bear!  Gorgeous headband was made just for her by Pooks and Lulu for her dedication at church.

This spring, I'm looking forward to teaching a class for parents about how to use your camera and capture your own children in their element.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to be added to the notification list.  Use "Camera Class" as the subject line., I thought it was fitting to blog this gorgeous winter maternity session today!  Stay safe and warm tonight, and make sure to head on over to the blog for more images from this snowy session.  As always, blog comments and pinning images are always appreciated!  <3

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/02/16/winter-maternity-photos-plymouth/, Spring is only 33 days away!  Hope you are all staying safe and warm on this blustery, blizzard day.  :), Sweet slumber.  <3

Your precious little baby is only this tiny for such a short period of time.  I love capturing their delicate features, the little flakes of skin on their fingers, and the tiny milk bumps on their nose.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on how to reserve your newborn session today!, Good morning!  Popping in to let you know I'll be offline most of the day, but I'll be responding to messages and emails as quickly as possible between activities.  Thank you SO much for all your inquiries!  I can't wait to meet and photograph your families soon.  And because no post is complete without a picture, here's beautiful Miss D.  <3, Meet Catherine - 11 days fresh and just under eight pounds!  I had a wonderful time snuggling her today and playing with her two older brothers.  I gasped when I saw all of her beautiful hair.  Isn't she just gorgeous?!?  Congratulations to this new family of five!, Just a little funny to lighten the mood today!  Feeling SO bad for all my clients and friends who are trying to get into the city this morning.

Disclaimer:  This is my daughter, and this is what she does.  Every.  Time. I. Pull. Out. My. Camera!!!  :P, I'm on a roll today!  Perfect little Gray is making his appearance on the blog tonight.  Come check out one of the most amazing sessions I have done to date!  It was so much fun to step outside my normal day to day routine and complete a lifestyle session.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/02/11/plymouth-lifestyle-newborn-photographer/, I've decided to declare war against all this snow and post some bright and cheery photos on the blog!  Come take a peek at beautiful Emilia's session.  If you like what you see, I'd love for you to leave a comment for her family to read.  <3

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2015/02/10/plymouth-baby-photographer/, Enjoying the snow?  ;)  Here's a special offer to brighten your day.  I've had so many babies born early this month that I have a few openings in my schedule for some special weekday mini-sessions.  Choose from maternity, newborn, or baby milestone.  Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info!  I'm logging off for the night but will be back at emails tomorrow., I'm humbled and blown away by all of your wonderful comments and likes on last night's image.  Thank you so much!  Here's one more of this gorgeous mother in the midst of yesterday's winter wonderland.  I hope you enjoy!, Today, I was very lucky to be able to cross something off my "photography bucket list."  The snow started falling in such a perfect and gentle manner this afternoon, and this gorgeous mother to be met me down on the waterfront for a magical, snowy maternity shoot.  The icy landscape just seems to show off her pregnancy glow.  Can't wait to share more of this session with you soon!  <3, SPOT FILLED!  Thank you so much!

MODEL CALL:  I know this may be a long shot, but I am in need of a maternity model for a special project today at around 2-2:30 PM at my Plymouth, MA studio.  Ideally, I need someone with long hair that is 24-36 weeks pregnant.  Must be willing to be very cold for about 5 minutes.  Complimentary digital images will be provided as my thank you.  Please tag anyone that you know that may fit the description.  Message me on this page or email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more details., On more of gorgeous Maxine because I just think this color is stunning on her!  Another gorgeous new outfit from Pooks and Lulu.  Flokati by me.  :), Happy Friday!  Introducing beautiful Maxine - 14 days fresh.  She surprised us all by arriving early - only 2 days after her mother's maternity portraits.  I absolutely love her blonde hair and can't wait to watch her grow.  :)  

Beautiful tieback by Vanilla Lullaby.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Photographer friends:  I'm so excited to be hosting two of the world's premier newborn photographers this September at my Boston area studio.  Registration is now open for the Dream Baby Workshop by Dewdrops Photography by Amy McDaniel and Nicole Smith Photography.  All the details and information on how to register can be found in the comments.  They will be providing education on both studio and natural light.  Can't wait!  :), Thankful Thursday time!  I'm so thankful for all of your very sweet comments on the photo I posted last night.  Every time you take a moment to like or comment on a photo, it's like your leaving a little note of encouragement for the parents of the baby and for me.  You are awesome!  I'll be working hard tonight on emails.  The weather is really doing a number on my schedule right now, so please bear with me as I work to rearrange things.

And to make this the longest status ever, I just had to share one more of Katie is this beautiful outfit by Julia of Pooks and Lulu.  It's truly a joy every time I open a package from her, and I'm glad to call her my friend.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., "No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn." - Hal Borland

Introducing sweet Katie - 8 days fresh!  I literally dreamed of this image the other day, and I could hardly contain my excitement when she opened her beautiful eyes as I took the photo.  What makes this even more special is the green blanket she is laying on.  It belonged to her mother when she was a baby.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, Lots of fun thing are in the works for the coming months, and I need your help!  I'm looking for 5-6 girls that are currently juniors in high school (Class of 2016) for a new project.  Please tag anyone you know that fits this description!  For more information, please send an email to rwpmodels@gmail.com., How precious are these two!  I just love photographing sisters together.  Big sis was so in love with my "sparkly dress."  She twirled and laughed almost the entire time she was wearing it.  :), My newborn session today had to be rescheduled due to the snow, so I have a few minutes between editing for some Q&A.  Feel free to ask me anything in the comments below, and I'll do my best to answer all your burning questions over the next 20-30 minutes.  :), Another snow day means I'm catching up on laundry and editing away in between entertaining three kids.  Thought this was the perfect time to share Avery in this sweet snow princess set-up.  Stay warm and safe today!

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., We're with you boys!  Let's go Pats!, Sneaking in a little work before the big game tonight!  Just finished up another video, and I had to share.  Avery is such a beautiful little princess, and I'm honored to have the opportunity to capture these memories for her family.

On a side note, a few of my February babies arrived early, so I have an opening for a newborn session for a mom with a early/mid-Feb due date.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more details today!, There is something truly magical about a brand new baby.  I'm so happy to share this video of sweet Grayson at 27 hours fresh.  You may want to grab a few tissues!  :), The glamorous life of a small business owner.  :)  This is what I'll be doing today along with editing.  Hopefully my inbox will be down to zero soon!  Stay warm today, and I'll be back tonight with a few more sneak peeks., Sweet Grayson's is definitely going to be a heartbreaker.  Look at those eyes!!!  Rocking the jeans from Pooks and Lulu.

I'm heading to Maine tomorrow for my daughter's one year photos with Amy True Photography, so I'll be out of pocket for most of the day but will check in as often as possible.  Yes, I hire my friends to take my kids photos.  So hard to take your own babies' pictures!  :), Hope everyone has stayed safe and warm over the last few days!  I've been taking advantage of the down time to catch up on editing.  I'll be tackling emails again tomorrow.  :)  I leave you with this image of the beautiful Dunlap family.  Have a great night!, Amazing image by Julia of Julia V Photography.  She also makes some of my favorite headbands in her shop Pooks and Lulu., I'm not going to lie...blizzards are good for business around here!  ;)  Hope everyone stays safe and warm over the next few days., Hello, world!  Meet Lily - 14 days new.  She was such a sweet little peanut and gave me some beautiful eye contact in this set-up.  Beyond adorable!  A quick bit of housekeeping - I have jury duty tomorrow and will have no access to my phone or internet for the entire day.  I will be back to messages and emails as soon as possible tomorrow night.  Stay warm, my friends!

Tieback by Vanilla Lullaby.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Last set of adorable kiddos for the night!  I just love these four so much.  The older girls just crack me up, and they are so loving and attentive to "the boy!"  Have a great night!, More Valentine mini-session goodness for you tonight!  Juliana is just gorgeous, and I can't believe how much she has grown in the last 10 months.  Check out the first picture on my website if you want to see her as a newbie.  :), I had an awesome morning full of Valentine's Day mini-sessions despite the dreary weather.  Here's a peek at my first session of the day!  Isn't little man just adorable?!?  He was so full of smiles, and I can't believe how much he has grown since his newborn session., Happy Friday!  I've been a busy bee today getting ready for Valentine's Day mini-sessions tomorrow.  Can't wait to meet all your little sweethearts!  Here's a little newborn goodness to bring you into the weekend.  Goodnight!  :)

Gorgeous headpiece by Knitz.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Couldn't resist sharing one more of her beautiful baby bump!  <3, I had such a wonderful time with this beautiful family this afternoon.  They will be welcoming another baby girl very soon, and I can not wait to meet her.  These sisters will only be about 14 months apart, and I know they will be best of friends!, How adorable is sweet Emilia?!?  I can't wait to finish her blog post soon so you can see a lot more from her session.  She was absolutely precious.  Only a year old but full of so many expressions.  Love this headband by Prop Me Up Prop Shop, and her shirt is part of my studio style closet and is available for client use.

On a side note, I'm officially giving in to my aching back and will be resting for the rest of the night.  Back in action tomorrow!  :), Good morning!  I think someone is happy to be a big brother!  :)

I absolutely loving being able to capture families milestones from bump to birthday.  If you're interested in learning more about my custom photography services, feel free to send me an email at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.  I'll be offline for a bit today but will be back at emails later this afternoon., Expecting blue!  I had such a great time getting to know this beautiful, expectant mother today along with her family.  We decided to do this set-up right at the end of the session, and I think it was totally worth it!  She is absolutely stunning, and I can't wait to meet her little man in a few weeks., Good morning, Monday!  Several sessions today, so here's a share of one of the cutest little guys around before the day gets away from me.  We did a special set-up to honor his Papa who is a member of Local 624.  Have a great day!, Cheering on the Pats tonight!  Let's have some fun!  Post a photo of your little one in their Patriots gear in the comments (cell phone snaps are fine).  There may be a surprise for one lucky little fan.  :), Introducing Adrian - 11 days fresh!  I love when I'm able to get some direct eye contact from such a little soul.  It was so much fun to finally meet him after capturing his mother's maternity photos before the holidays.  A big congratulations to this new family of four!

PS:  Want to see a super adorable picture of his big sister?  Come check out my Instagram feed @reneethephotog., Good morning!  There's been a baby boom around here the last few weeks, and I'm off to photograph another sweet baby boy.  Here's another of handsome little Gray from last night to get your weekend off to a great start!

Hat by me - Harbor Knits.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Remember sweet little Grayson from last week's Fresh 48 session?  He was back today for his studio newborn portraits, and boy is he adorable!  Such a little cuddle bug, and I even got some amazing images of him look right at the camera.  I'm off to bed so I'm well reseted for tomorrow morning's newborn.  Sweet dreams!

Hat by Little Lullaby Designs.  Bunny by Britches & Bonnets., Happy Friday!  I'm so excited to be photographing two fresh little newborns over the next 24 hours including the baby in this beautiful bump.  Love, love, love when I get to capture maternity + newborn sessions.  Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info one how you can secure a session today!, Hello, friends!  Hope you've had a great day.  I'm busy working on lots of editing, but I wanted to pop in to remind you that there are just a few spots left for Valentine's Day Mini-Sessions.  Check out this short video that shows some great examples of the set-ups and props that will be available.

Here's the link to reserve your spot - http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/valentine-s-day-mini-sessions

I'll be back to emails and messages tomorrow.  Have a great night!, Just a few more openings available for Valentine's Day Mini-Sessions!  Head on over to the website to reserve your session today.  Link in comments., Introducing Avery - 9 days fresh!  She was just over six pounds of pure perfection.  I didn't even see her sweet eyes until the very end of the session.  I seriously wanted to keep her, but I think her brother would have missed her too much!  A big congratulations to this new family of four.

Amazing bunny bonnet and lovie by Britches & Bonnets.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Sweet baby Grant is making his appearance on the blog tonight!  I'd love for you to come check out his session.  Feel free to leave a comment and note of congratulations for his parents!  Link in comments.  I'm looking forward to photographing three more newborns this week!

LOVE this sleep cap by Little Lullaby Designs.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Hello, friends!  Hope you've had a wonderful day!  I'm slowly getting caught up from a very busy fall season, so I've finally had time to blog again.  Elise's six month session may be one of my favorites of all time, so I went ahead and shared her entire gallery on the blog (link in comments).  This will give you a great idea of what you can expect from your custom baby milestone session.  I have a just a few spots remaining for February and March, so please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you'd like more information on reserving a spot.

Beautiful bonnet from Whippoorwill Nest Boutique., I've decided to approach Monday with a smile - just like adorable little Bella!  How about you?  :)

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory, my favorite little bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}, and felted layer by milkmoney., Happy birthday to my sweet Adeline!  I have been taking the day to celebrate with family and friends.  I see I have several notifications and messages, and I promise to respond to them tomorrow.  Right now I'm soaking in my sweet petite on her special day!  :), Happy Friday!  Thank you so much for all of your kind comments and support of my work over the last few days.  I'm about to start tackling emails and wanted to remind you that there are a few spots left for Valentine's Day Mini-Sessions.  I'll have a fun themed set along with some classic set-ups like this one.  See link in comments for the link to the booking site and a video of all the set-ups., I had the most amazing experience this morning!  I was given the opportunity to photograph a session that's a bit different from what I do day in and day out in the studio.  When Grayson's mommy scheduled her newborn photos last year, she asked if I had ever done a first look session.  This has been on my bucket list for some time, and I jumped at the opportunity to capture these lifestyle images of their family's first hours together.  I met mom, dad, big sister, and grandma today at the hospital along with the star of the show.  I absolutely loved how Big Sis kept calling little man "her baby" as she casually munched on an apple and watched "Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood."  Mom just had an amazing glow about her, and you could just tell Dad was very excited to have a son.  I can hardly wait to see them all again next week for his studio session.  A big congratulations to this new family of four!  For those who are wondering - I'm hoping to offer more of these sessions in the future.  Still working out the details.  :), Good morning!  I'll be out of pocket for most of the day today working on a special project, so I thought I'd pop in with one more quick share from my daughter's one year session.  I made her dress, and it's now part of the studio style closet for girls ages 12 months - 2 years.  It was made to match this GORGEOUS custom headband from Pooks and Lulu.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like more info on older baby milestone portraits!, Introducing gorgeous Caroline and her equally stunning mother!  This sweet girl was born on Christmas Day.  Mommy is a fellow photographer, so we made sure to get lots of pictures of the two of them together.  :)  A big congratulations to this new family of five!, Getting ready to welcome my first newborn of 2015 in the studio!  Lots of inquiries over the last few days, and here are the answers to some FAQ's.  It's best to book your session in the second trimester to ensure a spot on my calendar.  Everything is customized for you, and my main goal is to show off your baby's natural beauty.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info today!, Valentine's mini-sessions are now available for booking!  Check out this video for all the details.  I hope you can come join the fun on January 24 & 25 at my studio in Plymouth, MA.  Direct booking link can also be found in the comments., Valentine's Mini Sessions are coming!  Booking details will be announced tonight at 9 PM, and those on my email list will have first dibs on times.  Want in?  Send me a note to reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with "Valentine's Day" in the subject line., My sweet Adeline turns one on Saturday, and it was so much fun to photograph her cake smash this afternoon.  I have been dreaming of this for several months, and am so thankful to all the wonderful vendors that helped me bring my vision to life.

Headband by Simply Sweet ~ a little lady boutique, "One"-sie by Laliluusa, and AMAZING cake by Sugarplum Bakery., null, Gorgeous Daylen came to visit me this afternoon and did an awesome job testing out some of my Valentine's Day Mini-Session set-ups.  All the details will be coming out early this week, and I'll be back to emails and messages tomorrow.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Valentine's Day" if you want the info sent right to your inbox!

LOVE this halo by Style me Jaime., null, Popping in to let you know I just posted a back of camera sneak peek of Valentine's Day mini-sessions on Instagram @reneethephotog.  Details coming very soon!  Side note - is any one else as excited as me that Downton Abbey returns tonight?!?!, Happy New Year from Renee Walston Photography!  Here's a round up of all the newborns I photographed this year.  So honored to capture these tiny, precious lives.  Hope you enjoy celebrating tonight, and I'll see you in 2015!, As this year winds to an end, I'm dreaming and planning all kinds of new ideas for 2015 and reflecting on how wonderful this year has been.  Thank you so much to each and every one of my wonderful clients and to all those following my page who take the time to like and comment on my photos.  

I'm excited to get back in the studio in a few days to shoot the promo photos for Valentine's Day mini-sessions.  This is my baby girl last year.  I just ordered her first birthday cake...sniff, sniff.  It's amazing how time flies!, Good morning!  I'm still officially on vacation for a few days, but I'm taking advantage of this time to work on some exciting things for 2015 - including a class and private group for moms who want to learn how to use their camera better.  I'm working hard to capture more everyday moments of my own family like this one of my sweet girl meeting my aunt's puppy for the first time.  This was taken with just some good knowledge of manual settings and no fancy Photoshop work.  Details coming soon!

Border terrier puppy by Oban Border Terriers.  :), One of my goals over my vacation time was to learn a new Photoshop skill and have fun photographing my own kids.  My six year old and I went outside to play today, and then I made a little winter magic happen.  Still working on this technique, but I thought this was a fun first attempt.  :), Hello!  Hope you had a wonderful Christmas!  I've been doing some closet clean up today, and I have a few items for sale if anyone is interested.  Please message me here on my page to claim.

1.  GAP 1969 full panel sexy boot maternity jeans (excellent used condition) - 2 pairs/size 8:  $20 each + $6 shipping each (if needed)

2.  Medela Pump In Style Advanced Electric Breast Pump + accessories (new in pacakge).  I'll also include a travel battery operated power cord (used 1 time):  $150 + $10 shipping (if needed)., Renee Walston Photography will be closed from today through January 5 while I take some time to enjoy the Christmas season with my family.  I'll be popping in periodically, but my access to email will be limited during this time.  Thank you so much for your support, and I wish you all a very Merry Christmas., Happy Friday!  I had an AMAZING maternity session tonight.  Two and half year old Miss K is so excited to meet her little brother in a few weeks.  Mom was absolutely stunning, and Dad was just a sweet and caring as can be.  Loved them all!  Little man just may be the first baby I photograph in 2015.  :), What?!?!  No presents for under the tree?  It's not too late!  Give the gift of custom photography this Christmas season with a Renee Walston Photography gift certificate.  Beautifully packaged and ready for giving.  Purchase today, and an additional 20% will be added to it's value as my gift to you!  See link in comments., Hope you've had a great day!  Give the gift of custom photography this Christmas!  Purchase any gift certificate from now through Friday night, and an additional 20% will be added to its value.  All certificates are beautifully packaged and are ready for giving.  They will ship by Monday, 12/22.  See link in first comment to purchase., I just realized I never shared a sneak peek of beautiful Evelyn!  This sweet girl came to see me a few weeks ago for her three month milestone portraits.  Look at all that hair!  <3

Beautiful tieback by Vanilla Lullaby.  Pink felted layer by milkmoney., I think it's safe to say that adorable Bella loved her cake smash today!  She was so good natured and flashed tons of smiles throughout her entire session.  Happy birthday, sweet girl!  For a behind the scenes peek of her cake smash, check me out on Instagram @reneethephotog., Adorable little Henley has grown so much this year!  I've enjoyed photographing her three times this year.  She has such a fun personality, and how cute are those boots?!?  See the link in the comments to view a photo of her as a newborn.  Happy birthday, beautiful girl!, How adorable is sweet Emilia?!?  She came to visit me for her one year portraits yesterday and was full of smiles - especially when I sang "The Wheels on the Bus" to her.

As a side note, I have a sick little one myself that is taking up most of my time today.  I'll back to emails and messages later this evening or tomorrow morning at the latest., One more of sweet Coby and all his sweetness!  I just want to eat him up.  <3  Thank you so much for all your sweet comments on my photos.  It means so much to me and the families of these babies.

Amazing hat by Little Lullaby Designs.  Blue knit layer by Raspberry and Lime.

I'll be offline for the rest of the night to focus on editing.  See you back in the morning!, Meet Coby - 8 weeks new!  I met this little guy back in October when he decided he wanted to see the world a little earlier than planned.  After seven weeks in the NICU, he was finally able to come home - just in time for Christmas.  A big congratulations to this family of three!

Spectacular hat by Little Lullaby Designs.  Photographer friends - you must go check out her page.  The fit on every hat is perfect., Motherhood personified.  <3

Love this family so much!  Calling it a night.  Back in action tomorrow with a sweet newborn boy and one year old girl.  Sweet dreams!, How adorable is Sophia?!?  I just finished editing her one year milestone portraits and just had to share this one.  Happy birthday, sweet girl!

Bonnet by the amazing Whippoorwill Nest Boutique.  My favorite tub ever from TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., Oh, Matthew!  You're breaking my heart!  Loved seeing this little guy again for his milestone portraits.  He has grown so much since his newborn session.  Working my way through emails right now, so check your inboxes if you're waiting to hear from me.  :), Gorgeous Hadley came to visit me for her milestone portraits on Monday.  Aren't her eyes stunning?!?  She was such a sweet little doll baby.  Perfect bonnet by Knitz.

I'll be going on lockdown to work on editing tonight, so I appreciate your patience as I take a break from emails.  I'll be back at them in the morning.  Working hard to get everyone their images in time for Christmas presents!  :), Mom and daughter images just melt my heart!  <3  Love all the new families I've me this month., "We are like a snowflake, all different in our own beautiful way."

Introducing beautiful Mia - 7 days fresh.  I had so much fun creating this winter wonderland today.  <3, Happy birthday, Sophia!  I can't believe how much you have grown this year.  I had such a blast playing with this sweet petite on Friday afternoon.  Love my "Watch Me Grow" babies!, Smile!  It's the start of a new week.  I'll be in the studio for most of the day today photographing bunches of beautiful babies and shipping out orders.  Emails and messages will be answered later tonight.  Hope you have a fantastic day!  :)

Backdrop by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory., It's the most wonderful time of the year...to get great images of your children!  Here's a great article with some pointers about taking safe and memorable photos of your kiddos.  Make sure to pay special attention to the topic of wrapping your baby in Christmas lights!

http://www.newbornphotography.com/page/christmas-baby-photo-tips, Good morning!  It's been quiet around here because I've been a busy, busy bee.  Tons of galleries going out by Monday.  Since many photos I take this time of year are for surprise Christmas presents, I thought I'd share the one personal pic I've edited recently of my sweet girl at 10 months old.  Gorgeous hat by my fav - Pooks and Lulu.  Hope you have a wonderful weekend!, Almost finished with sweet Diya's gallery, and I just had to share this one.  Isn't she beautiful?!?  I'm currently taking reservations for 2015 newborn sessions through June 2015.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to take a peek at my welcome guide which explains the entire process.  Have a great day!

Tieback by No. 2 Willow Lane., Happy birthday, Jenny!  I think people with birthdays around the holidays should get extra love on their special day.  :)  Hope you all have a fabulous day, and I'll be back with some more sneak peeks tonight., Hello, friends!  I've enjoyed a few days off for the holiday and have been back in action today working through TONS of editing and photographing sessions.  I'm about to tackle the rest of my emails and messages now, so be on the lookout if you're waiting to hear from me.  And because no post is complete without an image, here's another of gorgeous baby Charlotte.  <3, Hope you had a great Thanksgiving!  I'm out of the office until Monday, 12/1 to spend time with my family - including this little munchkin.  All emails, messages, texts, etc. will be returned at that time.  Thank you so much for your support, and I hope you have a great rest of the weekend!  :), Hope you have a Happy Thanksgiving!  Wishing you a wonderful holiday with your friends and family.  I am so thankful for each and every one of you that has supported my business and trusted me to to capture your family's memories.

I leave you tonight with handsome little Grant.  I just want to eat him up!

Flokati by Intuition Backgrounds by Becky Gregory and grey knit layer by Raspberry and Lime., Oh, Charlotte!  Lover of "Old MacDonald Had a Farm" and all kinds of dancing.  It's been so fun to watch you grown this year.  I just love her big blue eyes!  :), Oh, Andrew!  You are so sweet, and I can't believe how much you've grown this year.  I have photographed this little guy since he was a bump in his mommy's belly, and he just gets cuter every time I see him., Finally home after a very long, but wonderful day at the studio.  So happy I can finally share this image of beautiful Charlotte.  I love me some sleepy babies, but this type of eye contact just melts my heart!  I'll be back to answering emails and messages tomorrow.  Have a great night!

One of my all time favorite headbands from Pooks and Lulu., Happy Monday!  I'll be welcoming two of my "Watch Me Grow" babies into the studio today for their one year sessions.  Lots of cake smashing will be taking place.  Can't wait to show you how much they have grown!, Hope you enjoyed the beautiful day today!  I think I've made it through all emails, and there have been lots of questions about the Simply Baby Milestone Mini-Sessions.  Here are a few FAQ answers:  this is the only day I can do right now to guarantee them back by Christmas, your baby can be any age from 3-18 months old and I'll capture their current developmental stage, and lastly all props/outfits will be provided making it extra easy for you!  Link to get more information and to book a session can be found in the comments.  Now, back to editing!, Spending the day volunteering at out church with my littles.  We're a collection center for Operation Christmas Child shoeboxes.  I'll be offline most of the day but will check back in tonight.  Have a wonderful Sunday!, After many requests, I'm very excited to announce "Simply Baby" Milestone sessions for children between 3-18 months old!  This is a perfect way to capture your growing baby.  All outfits and props will be provided.

All sessions will be held on Monday, 12/8 so your digital files and print will be delivered before Christmas.  See link in comments to reserve your session.  Please let me know if you have any questions!, Hello, friends!  How many of you went to the parade today?  I've been quiet the last few days working on lots of editing...and cake smashes.  Love seeing all these babies turn one!  I will be announcing details for baby milestone mini-sessions (3-18 months) along with my studio open house party later tonight.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like first dibs on mini-session times., Definitely need this today!  Anyone else with me?  Galleries, emails, editing, special announcements, a and more editing on the agenda today.  Have a great one, and stay warm!, How about a little newborn goodness tonight.  Diya looks so sweet in this set-up!  This mobile was lovingly handmade by a local artisan who recently opened for business.  They are perfect for photographers and for nurseries!  Check out Rachel's shop at https://www.etsy.com/shop/rachelkerwinsdesigns.

I'm logging off for the night as I've been battling a migraine tonight.  I'll be back to emails and messages in the morning., Meet adorable Elise!  You know it's going to be a great week when you have a session that goes this well.  She was full of so many smiles...and those baby blues just melted my heart.

Perfect hat by Pooks and Lulu.  Layering pieces by Stitches By Sarah., What's for dinner tonight?  I just posted a sneak peek of a quick weeknight meal on Instagram (@reneethephotog).  I'll be back later tonight with some session sneak peeks and will be answering emails.  :), When this is the first frame of the session, you know the rest is going to be wonderful!  I had a great time this afternoon with the Felix Family - mom, dad, and 4 kiddos.  I was so impressed with these two!  Polite, kind, charismatic, and so helpful with their younger siblings.  I'd definitely call this family blessed! <3, It was FREEZING yesterday afternoon, but these kiddos did an amazing job during their session.  I don't want to spoil Christmas card photos, so I'll share a little fun moment between set-ups.  We played hide and go seek around this cute little tree on their grandmother's farm.  My sessions are always a combination of work and play!  :), A rare Saturday post!  Working on catching up on editing this weekend.  I spent yesterday afternoon hanging on with this cool dude.  I can't believe how much Nik has grown this year.  Love my "Watch Me Grow" babies!, Happy birthday, Mia!  Today is your special day!

Off to meet another very special one year old boy for his cake smash this afternoon.  Love my "Watch Me Grow" babies!, I have been DYING to share this photo, but had to wait for birth announcements to go out!  Sweet baby Vincent may take the prize for the most smiles in one session.  I about died when he flashed this one.  I have a huge canvas of this one in my new studio, and will be announcing an open house date soon so you can come see it in person.  ;)  Now, back to editing for me!

Love this hat by Little Lullaby Designs., Hope you've had a great day!  I had an amazing round of Christmas mini-sessions over the weekend.  Mom gave me permission to post a sneak peek from this session, and I just had to share this cutie pie with you.  His smile just warms my heart!, I think it's safe to say that sweet Mia enjoyed her cake!  Happy Birthday, baby girl!  :), Gorgeous Mia came to visit me today for her one year milestone portraits.  It was amazing to see how much she had grown since her newborn session!  She was full of so much personality, and man did she love her cake smash.  Sneak peek of that coming later tonight.

Another beautiful outfit by Pooks and Lulu., A bit of a personal share tonight.  I snuck in a few quick photos of my daughter tonight after Christmas mini-sessions.  She turns ten months old tomorrow, so I figured I should probably take a few nine month photos today.  :)

Love this gorgeous set from one of my favorite vendors Pooks and Lulu., I hope you can find a moment today to feel the JOY of this busy season today!  I'll be at the studio for the rest of the day photographing Christmas mini-sessions.  Today, I'm extra thankful for all the families that trust me to capture their memories.  What are you thankful for?, It's been a wonderful (yet very busy) day!  Although it's late, I just had to share one picture of perfect little Grant - 10 days fresh.  Let's all take a moment to just stare at his awesome hair.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!  :), Meet Diya - 16 Days Fresh!  Isn't she absolutely stunning?  I almost melted when she looked right at me and flashed this sweet little smile.  I am so happy for this new family of three.  I know they love their sweet girl beyond measure!

I am in love with this gorgeous bonnet by Knitz.  Light tan, knit layering piece by Raspberry and Lime., On Tuesday morning, I had the honor of visiting one of my teeny tiny clients at his temporary home in the special care nursery.  He was so bright eyed and alert, and I can't wait to see him in the studio once he's grown a little bigger and stronger.  Daddy is a collegiate coach, so I had to get a photo of this future soccer star's feet.  :), Just took my first picture with my real camera at the new studio.  Getting everything ready for a sweet newborn girl this afternoon!  Come follow me on Instagram @reneethephotog for more behind the scenes sneak peeks., One last post for the day!  Here are some goodies I've been collecting for the mini-sessions this weekend.  This is my new wood backdrop which will be another option for your images.  See link in comments to snag a spot.  Have a great night!  :), I just love the Lyle Family! We had a wonderful family session yesterday. The light was just fantastic at this new location. Mom did a great job with everyone's outfits, and the boys were just too cute.

Quick reminder that there are just a few slots left for Christmas mini-sessions. Snag one before they're gone! Link to book in comments., Hope you've had a fantastic day!  Popping in after a long day of working at the new studio to remind you that Christmas mini-sessions are next weekend!  Be one of the first to see my new space and get some awesome images for your Christmas cards.  You'll also receive a gift certificate to paint your own ornament at Claychick.  See link in the comments to snag one of the last remaining sessions., What a beautiful morning, huh?  ;)  Big tree down across Jordan Rd., so now power here.  How's everyone else doing?  Stay dry and safe!  I'll be back answering emails later today., Good morning!  Lots of work going on behind the scenes getting ready for the new studio opening next week.  My hubby stayed up extra late last night to finish staining my new wood backdrop and floors.  I LOVE this color!, I can not get enough of these fall images!  I just love these kiddos, and I'm amazed at how much little man has grown since his newborn session three months ago.

Quick update - I'm working like crazy to finish up galleries and have been prepping for the new studio.  We start moving everything in on Friday.  Make sure to follow me on Instagram @reneethephotog for all the behind the scenes sneak peeks., "Autumn carries more gold in its pocket than all the other seasons." - Jim Bishop  <3, Hope you've had a fabulous weekend!  For the first time in many weeks, I took a few days to enjoy the beautiful weather with my family and friends.  I did meet up with Dan and his family for a bit on Saturday afternoon for his senior session.  He's a member of the Class of 2015 at Plymouth South.

I'll be back in action tomorrow answering emails and sending out galleries.  Enjoy your evening!  :), Meet Dylan - 14 Days Fresh!  Let's pause for a moment to admire her amazing hair...and her sweet little smile...and those perfect little baby rolls on her back.  I totally could have kept her.  A big congratulations to this new family of four!, Happy Friday!  Just finished up an awesome newborn session with this sweet, smiley girl.  Here's a back of camera sneak peek for you.  I'll be returning all emails/messages in a few hours.  Want to see the first image of the new studio?  Check me out on Instagram @reneethephotog., Hope you're staying dry!  Taking advantage of this rainy day to catch up on editing.  I love this one from last weekend's mini-sessions.  I just love these two!, I have some "WICKED EXCITING!" news to share with you tonight.  Renee Walston Photography is getting a new home as of November 1st!  I will be opening a studio in the Harborview Place Building (225 Water St.) - right on the Plymouth waterfront.  I can't wait to share more details and pictures with you soon.  Thank you so much to all my clients who have supported me over the last 18 months.  This would not be possible without you.

To celebrate, I'm offering $25 off any Christmas mini-session booked by 9 AM EST tomorrow.

Here's the link to book - http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/christmas-mini-sessions, Gorgeous little Rilynn came to visit me for her one year portraits and cake smash session yesterday.  So many sweet images, but I had to share this one in particular.  She made this adorable little face at me every time I did something funny.  I showed this to her mom on the back of my camera, and she said - "That is SO Rilynn!  That's the little face she always makes."  This is why I do what I do.  I love those "perfect" smiling shots, but more importantly I want to capture your child's personality.  More sneak peeks to come.  Happy Birthday, Rilynn!  :)

Beautiful tieback by Vanilla Lullaby., Introducing Charlotte - 12 days fresh!  She was so amazing in her session today, and I just can't get enough of her full head of hair.  And, can we just talk about those perfect cheeks and lips for a minute?!?  Congratulations to this new family of four!  

Gorgeous headpiece by Vanilla Lullaby.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., All the fall mini-sessions were awesome this weekend!  Here's a sneak peek of my three loves.  A quick update - I have received a high volume of emails today, and I do my best to reserve Saturday for my family.  I'll be responding to everyone as soon as possible tomorrow.  Thank you so much for your support, and I look forward to lots of fun sessions in the coming weeks!, Hi, friends!  I'll be on the go for the most of the day.  Wanted to pop in and day hello before fall mini-sessions begin.  I'll have limited access to email until later tonight.  Head on over to Instagram for a sneak peek of tonight's location - @reneethephotog., I'm so excited for all the fall mini-sessions this weekend!  Can't wait to meet everyone.  Here's another sneak peek from a fabulous maternity session I had last week.  Can't wait to meet their sweet girl in a few days for her newborn portraits!, One more of sweet Ava.  Sweet dreams!

Amazing bunny lovie and bonnet by Britches & Bonnets.  Silk wrap by Knitz., "I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers." - Anne of Green Gables (L.M. Montgomery)

Introducing beautiful Ava - nine days new. So thankful for such a gorgeous day! I love photographing newborns outdoors.

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby, wrap by Roses and Ruffles, orange knit layer by me - Harbor Knits, brown fluff by Pure Knits, bowl by JD Vintage Props., Good morning!  This page is almost always dedicated to celebrating new life.  In honor of national pregnancy and infant loss day, I'd like to pause to remember all those families that have had to say goodbye too soon.  We will be lighting 2 candles to remember our twins.  Hugs to anyone else that has experienced a loss., Adorable Thomas is happy to announce that his session is up on the blog tonight!  I hope you can come take a peek.  Feel free to leave a note of congratulations for his parents in the blog comments., Finishing up galleries left and right tonight!  How about one more peek at the beautiful Fey family.  Little Miss just cracks me up.  I've had the honor of photographing her since she was 3 weeks old, and it has been so much fun to watch her grow.

For anyone interested in fall photos, I have a few mini-session slots still available for this weekend.  Link in comments if you're interested in reserving one., Safe in Daddy's hands.  <3, Meet Vincent - 14 Days Fresh!  He is such a sweet and handsome little guy.  I seriously thought about trying to keep him.  ;)  Fall is definitely my favorite season, and I think these colors look great with his skin tone.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, I am absolutely in love with Thomas' entire gallery!  Can't wait to send it off to his family tomorrow.  Back to editing while listening to all of my favorite Thursday night shows.  Hope you have a great night!

Bonnet by me.  Teddy bear by the amazing Britches & Bonnets., Is there anything cuter than a baby in a bucket?!?  Ruari thought I was hilarious when I started snorting like a pig to get her attention.  :)

I do see that I have several emails and messages from this monring waiting for a response.  I'll be returning them by this evening., Yes, we smashed some cake this afternoon!  Happy Birthday, Ruari!  I can hardly believe you're already a year old.  

I have a few more spots available for cake smash sessions in November and December.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to reserve your spot today.

Now, back to editing!  :), Yesterday, I had an amazing fall maternity session.  This is my favorite season  So glad we were able to get together yesterday, because baby is on the way today!  SO happy for the family, and can't wait to snuggle their little one very soon., I know it's only October, but the holidays are right around the corner.  Get a jump start on your cards and gifts with a Christmas mini-session!  They will take place on Nov. 7-9.  Cost is $175 for 4 digital files with printing rights.  As an added bonus, you will receive a gift certificate to paint your own ornament at Claychick!  All the details and the link to the booking site can be found in the blog post in the first comment.

I'm logging off of Facebook/email for most of the night so I can catch up on editing.  I'll check back in a bit to answer any questions., null, Reservations for Christmas Mini-Sessions are now available!  They will be held in studio from November 7-9.  Come learn more on the blog - http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/10/07/christmas-photo-plymouth-ma/., I'm so excited to announce the Christmas Mini-Sessions are available for reservation!  Limited spots are available from Nov. 7-9, so snag your space now before the busy holiday season begins.  As an added bonus, you will receive a gift certificate to paint your own ornament at Claychick - A Creative Clay Workshop.  See link in comments for more details and to reserve your session today!, I know it's late, but I just couldn't resist sharing!  Christmas mini-sessions will be available for reservation tomorrow.  How adorable is my little guy testing out one of the new sets?!?  Can't wait to share all the details with you soon!, Sometimes as I work through images from a session, I come across one that just makes me smile.  I think this is sweet Jaxon's "I know I'm cute" face!  :)

The six to nine month age range is a wonderful time to have your child photographed.  They are so full of personality and smiles.  Feel free to email me for more information on scheduling a baby milestone session at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., My very first cake smash.  :)  My oldest is turning six tomorrow, and we're looking forward to celebrating with family and friends today.  Anyone else have fun plans this weekend?, Finishing up this beautiful girl's gallery!  Don't forget - the best time to secure your newborn session is in your second trimester.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for a copy of my newborn photography information guide.

Gorgeous headband by Pooks and Lulu.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  My children have graciously shared their colds with me, and I am down and out today.  I'll be checking in as often as possible, but I may be a bit slower to respond than normal.  :), Here's the full sneak peek from RJ's sitting up milestone session.  He was such a sweet and smiley little thing!  I'm always so honored when someone chooses me to photograph their child, but it's especially heartwarming to have baby plan clients.  I get to watch these sweet babies grow up right before my eyes.  Enjoy some of my favorites of this little munchkin!, RJ says, "Go Pats!" I had an amazing six month milestone session with this little guy today. He was full of smiles and knew how to work the camera. I'll be back tomorrow with some more sneak peeks from his session., Good morning!  I'm getting ready to see sweet RJ for his six month milestone session.  Can't wait to show you how much he's grown!  :), How gorgeous was this weekend?!?  How many people went apple picking?  Just a few spots remain for newborns with 2014 due dates.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com or message me on this page to receive a copy of my brand new welcome guide for expectant parents.  Learn more about custom portraiture with Renee Walston Photography and book your session today!, I had an absolute dream session this afternoon!  Handsome little Matthew came to visit me for his first portraits and pretty much slept the entire three hours he was here.  He loved being curled up and made the sweetest little noises.  Daddy is a former professional baseball player, so we definitely had to do a baseball set-up.  Congratulations to this new family of three!, Happy Friday!  I just posted a little behind the scenes sneak peek of today's newborn session over on Instagram.  Come check it out!  Username - reneethephotog., Finishing sweet Juliet's gallery between playing nurse to two of my littles today.  Isn't she just beautiful?

Another stunning headband by Pooks and Lulu., Gorgeous Callie came to visit me this afternoon.  She was such a sweet little thing at just over 6 pounds.  She is baby girl number three for this family and is loved beyond words.  Congratulations to this new family of five!, Happy Wednesday!  Here's a little New England humor to help get you through hump day.  I have a quick FAQ update for you too:

1.  Fall mini-session are available for booking.  See link in comments.
2.  Holiday/Christmas mini-sessions will be announced this week.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to be added to the wait list.
3.  New pricing and packaging options are in the works, and I can't wait to show you.  I'm hoping to have everything updated in the next few days.  :)

http://www.movoto.com/blog/opinions/new-england-for-you/, Hello, friends! Here's another sneak peek of the beautiful family I spent time with last night. Isn't Miss Maggie just too cute?!?

I'll be laying low for the rest of the night as I'm battling a pretty intense migraine right now. Thank you for your patience with me as I work hard to have all emails and messages responded to by tomorrow., I had an awesome family session this afternoon.  These two love birds are the parents of one of the first newborns I ever photographed.  It's been such an honor to document their family's memories over the last 18+ months.  I'll be back tomorrow with some more sneak peeks from their session, but I think this may be one of my favorites.  I think every couple needs a great image of each other.  :)

And, last but not least, the winner of the $200 gift certificate (chosen by Random.org) was comment #64 - Rachel Matzdorff.  Please contact me within 24 hours to claim your prize.  Thank you so much to all who entered!, Handsome little William came to visit me this morning for his newborn portraits.  At just about 7.5 pounds, he was such the little cuddlebug.  I enjoyed getting to know his parents, and I know they are so happy to have him in their life.  Congratulations!, This is how happy I am to see how may people have entered the $200 gift certificate giveaway!  :)  See post pinned to the top of my page to enter if you haven't done so already.  I'll be back in action with a sweet newborn boy tomorrow morning followed by a family session in the afternoon.  Have a great night!, What do you think about this weather?  Feels like summer today!  In case you missed it, I'm now offering "Simply Baby" newborn mini-sessions.  To celebrate, I'm giving away a $200 gift certificate which may be used towards any type of session.  You have until 9 PM EST tomorrow to enter.  See post pinned to the top of my page (mobile users see link in first comments)., Sweet Thomas is snug as a bug!  He wants to know if you've entered my current giveaway.  The winner will receive a $200 gift certificate which can be used towards a session of their choice.  See post pinned to the top of my page for more info on how to enter.  Mobile users - I'll post a link in the comments.

I'll be back to answering emails and messages tomorrow.  Have a great night!

Beautiful bonnet by Raspberry and Lime.  I used some fluffies from Pure Knits to create his wrap., Yesterday, I had so much fun getting to know beautiful Maryn.  She has such an easy smile and beautiful blue eyes.  We sang, blew bubbles, and had a great time smashing some cake.  Happy birthday, and a big congrats to mom and dad for making through the first year!  :), Just wrapped up a great one year + cake smash portrait session!  Pulled up my email to find that my new logo and branding items had been delivered.  Can't wait to start sharing all the new items with you soon, but in the mean time here's a sneak peek.  Have a great night!, Happy Friday!  Did you see the big announcement last night?  For a limited time I will be offering "Simply Baby" newborn mini-sessions.  As a thank you to all my fans, I'll be giving away a $200 gift certificate on Monday which will may be used on any type of session.  Click on the image below to find out how to enter.  I also received the final proof on my new branding materials from the awesome Leslie Vega Design.  Can't wait to show you!  :), **GIVEAWAY & NEW SESSION ANNOUNCEMENT!**  I'm so excited to introduce a new product offering - Simply Baby Newborn Mini-Sessions.  These limited session are open to October 2014 - January 2015 due dates.  I'll only be accepting three per month, so contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to snag yours today!

To celebrate, I'll be giving away a $200 gift certificate.  This may be used on any type of session.  Here's how you can enter:

1.  "Like" Renee Walston Photography on Facebook AND "like" this post.  Comment below that you've done so.  {required}
2.  Tag up to 5 friends on this post.  Tag each one in a separate comment for up to 5 bonus entries. {optional}
3.  Follow me on Instagram @reneethephotog and comment here that you're following.  {optional}

Giveaway will end on Monday, 9/22 at 9 PM EST.  This is in no way endorsed or sponsored by Facebook.  Sharing this giveaway on your page is appreciated, but not required.  :), Hello!  I've been busy editing up a storm and will have a whole handful of galleries going out tomorrow including this little peanut's photos.  About to tackle my inbox and work on a special announcement to be revealed tonight.  Stay tuned!  :), Happy Tuesday!  Lots of exciting things are going on behind the scenes here at Renee Walston Photography, and I can't wait to start sharing them with you soon.  Have you ever wondered what goes in to a custom photo session with me?  Hop on over to the blog to learn more about a custom child portrait session.  I've included a full gallery of images so you can get a great feel for what you will receive.  :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/09/17/custom-child-photography-plymouth-ma/

Beautiful crown by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}.  Pants made by me!, Hope you've had a great day!  As I was loading galleries today, I came across this maternity image from last month that reminded me of the close of summer.  Today definitely felt like fall was creeping in!, Gorgeous Heather's senior session is one of many galleries going out today.  Check back tonight for a little giveaway fun!  :), Hope you had a fantastic weekend!  Our family has been celebrating my son's fourth birthday.  Where does the time go?  I just noticed my page is creeping up on 1,500 fans.  There may just be a little celebration involved once that milestone is reached.  Stay tuned (and feel free to share my page with your friends)!  :), Handsome little Thomas came to visit me tonight.  He is 7.5 pounds of adorableness.  I had the honor of capturing his mother's maternity photos, so it was extra special to finally meet the baby from the bump.  A big congrats to this new family of three!, Last night, I spent a few hours photographing gorgeous Emily.  She is one of the most beautiful people I've ever met - both inside and out.  I'm so excited to see what her future holds...and I'm secretly hoping she chooses my alma matter for next year as it's currently on her short list.  ;), Today's mail day was awesome!  Just got several huge canvases including some for the studio and my home.  I'll share pics as soon as they are hung.  In the meantime, here's a sneak peek (24" x 24").  I'll be posting pricing soon for any of my clients interested in getting their photos off the USB and up on the wall., I think it's safe to say that someone really loves their daddy!  Hope you're having a great afternoon.  :), "Hey, girl.  You know you want to book a session with Renee Walston Photography."

Love how sweet Hunter posed himself in this image.  He's just too cute!  ;)  I'd love to capture your baby's sweet personality.  Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info on sessions today., Gorgeous Leila came to visit me this morning.  Look at all her gorgeous hair!  Her family spent several years living in Hawaii.  It was so much fun creating a special set-up to commemorate that special time in her family's life.  I hope you enjoy this sneak peek from her session!, Oh, Evelyn!  You just melt my heart.  Tell mommy your gallery will be on the way tomorrow., Hope you've had a fantastic weekend!  I spent the afternoon with adorable Henley for her sitting up milestone session.  She's 9 months old now and has grown so much since I saw her at her newborn session.  <3, Baby Nik is cheering me on this weekend as I am working as hard as I can to edit my way through 12 sessions and keep up with emails!  I am so thankful to each and every one of my clients and have only a few sessions remaining for the rest of the year.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on capturing your family's memories., Hope you've had a fantastic day!  A quick housekeeping post.  I am working hard behind the scenes to edit images as fast as possible from the end of August.  There will be tons of galleries shipping on Monday.  Fall mini-sessions are available to purchase (link in comments).  Lastly, I will be out of town assisting on a twin newborn session tomorrow and will have limited access to voicemail and email.  Messages will be returned by Monday.

And because no post is complete without an image, here's another one from my mentoring session last week with Son Kissed Photography | Kristen Mackey.  Blog post coming soon about my experience, but in short you should RUN to book your spot for next year.  :)  Love this backdrop by Roses and Ruffles and jeans by Pooks and Lulu., Meet beautiful Juliet!  She was 11.5 pounds of absolute perfection.  I loved snuggling her and getting to to know her big sister, Clara, this afternoon.  A big congratulations to this family of four!, I can hardly believe I'm typing this, but tomorrow I will be a mother to a kindergartener!  As you can imagine, I've spent today soaking up every last minute with my sweet boy.  It seems like just yesterday he was as small as this little guy.  I'll be back in action tomorrow afternoon, but until then I hope you enjoy this image from my workshop with Son Kissed Photography | Kristen Mackey last week.  Totally in love with this bunny by Britches & Bonnets!, Fall Mini-Sessions Now Available for Booking!  See link below to reserve your session today.  Includes a 30 minute session, 5 digital images with printing rights, and a 16x24" canvas gallery wrap of your favorite images.  Looking for a full family session this fall?  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for a complete list of available dates., Good morning!  Fall family mini-session and full session dates were just released to those on the wait list via email.  I'll post all the details here on my Facebook page later tonight for anyone else that may be interested.  Can't wait to meet your family soon!, Happy Labor Day weekend!  I believe I have returned all emails and messages, so please let me know if you are expecting a response from me and haven't received one.  I'll be finishing up the fall family schedule tomorrow, and will be posting those openings ASAP.  I leave you tonight with another beautiful image of baby Bella.

Gorgeous headpiece by Vanilla Lullaby., I had a very special photo session today.  I took a little time to capture some images of my little loves.  :), Last night, I got off of my (very delayed) flight and literally ran to meet the Berman's for their family photo session.  They are dear friends of mine all the way from California.  Candice is the face behind Candice Berman Photography, and I was so honored that she chose me to capture these memories for her.  Sweet little Jaxon is six months old and just as sweet as can be!, Can't wait to get home so I can share these beautiful images of baby Bella.  She is absolutely precious!, Good morning!  Hope you've had an amazing week.  I have had a blast in Tulsa, and will be working hard  to return emails and messages as quickly as possible over the weekend.  Does anyone know of anything fun going on this weekend?  Feel free to share!, I'm out of town, but that's not going to stop me from sharing an image + a story with you.  I want to give a shout out to Tabitha of TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}.  I had a vision for this set-up and really wanted a pair of lacey leggings.  Not only did she track them down for me, but she expedited the shipping to ensure I received them on time.  Great product + awesome customer service = me as a repeat customer.  :)  I'm also totally in love with this headpiece by Style me Jaime and dress by Blessed and b.LOVE.d., Today's the day!  I'm off to Oklahoma to complete a newborn photography mentorship with one of the best - Son Kissed Photography | Kristen Mackey.  I'll be a little slower to answer emails during this time.  Fellow photographers - Kristen opened up her 2015 dates yesterday, and it looks like there are just a few spots left.  Link in comments if you're interested.  Follow me on Instagram for some behind the scenes of my travels.  Have a great week!  :), Gorgeous baby Caroline came to visit me this afternoon.  She had the best facial expressions, and even flashed me several BIG smiles.  She barely made a peep her entire session and loved being all curled up.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, Good morning!  I had the opportunity to snuggle beautiful Bella this morning for her newborn portraits.  At 12 days old, she was the sweetest little thing.  She has the most beautiful complexion, and I love her little knee dimple.  A big congratulations to this new family of five!

Gorgeous headband by Goodnightmoon Props., On Friday evening, I had a very special opportunity.  The Lombardi's were in town celebrating their 50th anniversary, and our photo session was a surprise from their children.  It was awesome to witness the love between these two people and to see how it overflowed to the other members of their family.  A big congratulations to this very special couple!, Hope you've had a wonderful weekend!  I spent a little time visiting with some family from out of state, and did lots of dreaming about the future of Renee Walston Photography.  Can't wait to share more details with you soon.  I leave you tonight with another image of beautiful Evelyn and Annabelle.  LOVE these headpieces by Vanilla Lullaby.  Bowl by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., Handsome little Nick came to visit me yesterday for his sitting up milestone session.  He is the sweetest little thing with the most beautiful blue eyes.  I also was able to capture a few sweet images of his big sister - Natalie (2 years).  I can't wait to see how much he grows between now and his one year session!, Back to back sessions this afternoon, but I had to share at least one of this little man before the day gets away from me.  Meet adorable Nick at 7 months old!  He was born just three days after my daughter, so I was unable to do his newborn photos.  It's so exciting to finally meet him for his sitting up milestone session.  I had a blast getting to know his parents and sweet sister.  More sneak peeks coming soon., Editing away tonight, and I just had to share one more of Joey and his parents.  I really hope that my boys love me this much when they are seniors in high school!, My sweet baby girl is growing up so fast!  Here's Miss Adeline from the other night.  She's seventh months old now, and is such a little ball of sunshine.  <3

Amazing butterfly set by JuJuBee's & Co., And here's little brother Brody (eight months old).  Isn't he just adorable?!?  His eyes were just stunning.  I might just have to introduce him to my daughter in a few years.  ;), I just love this time of year when the days are trying to get a bit cooler while the summer sun still tries its best to hold on.  I had a great time tonight getting to know the Morrison family.  Their sweet girl loved playing and exploring, and this image just captured her little personality to me.  We hunted for crickets, found mushrooms, and ran around a tree.  Just what a late summer night should entail!  :), Sweet baby Rocco chillin' in my favorite bucket by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}.  Fluff layer underneath by Pure Knits.  I'm sending out lots of galleries today and am looking forward to meeting another family tonight.  Hope you have a wonderful day!, Here's one of my favorite shots of Joey from tonight.  He's a member of BC High's Class of 2015.  He was so kind and polite and such a great big brother.  I'm excited to see what his future holds!, Isn't this one good looking family!  I had an awesome time with the Hannigan's tonight in a joint family/high school senior session.  I'll be back in a few minutes with another sneak peek for you., Hope you've had a wonderful day!  I have been up working since 4:45 AM, and am finally calling it a night.  I will finish responding to emails tomorrow morning.  I'll leave you tonight with another image of handsome Nik at his sitting up milestone session.  Sweet dreams!, Good morning!  I'm in Maine today assisting Amy True Photography with a twin newborn session.  I first met Amy when she helped with my daughter's newborn photos.  Here's a picture of sweet Addie up in her studio.  I'll be answering all emails and messages tonight.  :), Tonight I ventured into a new genre of photography for me.  Heather is a senior this year at Scituate High School, and I was very excited to capture her senior portraits.  She is absolutely beautiful inside and out, and I can't wait to see what an amazing woman she becomes over the next few years. <3, I can hardly believe that sweet little Hunter is now a year old.  It has been so much fun watching him grow since his newborn session.  He did an awesome job today and definitely LOVED his cake.  He must have smiled at least 10 times during his newborn session, and as you can tell from these images he's just as happy as ever.  Congratulations, Mom & Dad!  you made it through the first year.  :), null, Introducing the beautiful Jerrier girls!  They have been fondly referred to as the "twinkies" since their mom announced her pregnancy.  Evelyn in the beautiful blonde (about 5 lbs 13 oz), and Annabelle is the stunning brunette (about 5 lbs 6 oz).  They were so well behaved and loved being cuddled up together much more than when they were posed individually.  I seriously wanted to keep these two.  :)  A big congratulations to this new family of four!, Just had an amazing newborn twin session.  Couldn't have done it without the help of my friend Amy of Amy True Photography who came down from Maine to help me this morning.  You must go check out her page.  Sneak peeks of today's session coming soon!, I had a DREAM session tonight!  Adorable 4 year old Peyton just melted my heart, and 7 year old twins Luke and Gabe totally rocked each set-up.  They pretty much posed themselves!  I loved learning about mermaids and fairies from Peyton, and the boys loved showing me their football helmets and how to climb the big rock at the back of the park.  I hope you enjoy some of my favorite images from their session.  :), Want a sneak peek at tonight's session?  Head on over to Instagram and check me out - @reneethephotog., Hope you've had a great day!  For those of you who have yet to meet me, this is what I look like (when I'm not all hot and sweaty after a newborn session).  :)  I'm so grateful to have such amazing friends in this industry including Julia of Julia V Photography/Pooks and Lulu.  She captured this image for me and some amazing photos of our family earlier this summer.  If you live in the Philadelphia area, definitely check her out., Good morning, and welcome new fans!  Thank you so much for all your kind comments on my page.  It means so much to me and my clients.  I'm taking a much needed admin day to catch up on emails, session prep, and editing before gearing up for a very busy weekend.  Let's just say there will be lots of multiples in your newsfeed over the next few days!  ;)  Does anyone else have fun plans for this weekend?, Handsome little Carmine came to visit me this afternoon for his first portraits.  I just wanted to smooch his sweet cheeks!  I captured his mother's maternity portraits earlier this year, so it was lots of fun to finally meet the baby inside the belly.  A big congratulations to this new family of six!, Woohoo!  Fall family portrait dates will be released this week.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to be added to the first notification list.  Use "Fall Family Portraits" in the subject line.  Also, I have a few more spots for newborns with October due dates., I just wanted to take him home with me!  <3

Taken during the Sandra Bianco Photography workshop this weekend., One more of this beautiful bump!  <3

Gown by Roses and Ruffles., I had the honor of photographing this absolutely stunning woman this evening.  She will be welcoming a little boy into the world in just a few short weeks.  I can't wait to snuggle him!

Gorgeous halo by Style me Jaime.  Gown by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  One more share from the workshop this weekend before I'm off for the day.  Happy Monday!, How adorable is baby Nik!  He is eight months old and such a hunk of sweetness.  I'm amazed at how much he's grown since his newborn session.  Here are his pics from when he was three days old - http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2013/12/11/baby-nik-cape-cod-newborn-photographer/., Hope you had a fantastic weekend!  I had an amazing time yesterday learning all about custom child photography from Sandra of Sandra Bianco Photography.  Here is one of the images I took yesterday.  Can't wait to share more with you soon!  I'll be back in a bit with some sneak peeks from tonight's session with a sweet baby planner.  :), It's late, but I wanted to pop in to say hello!  My page will be quiet over the next couple of days as I am out of town attending a child photography workshop this weekend.  I'm always looking for ways to learn and grow my craft.  So excited!  Thank you so much to everyone who left feedback on my question yesterday.  I'd love for you to check out my post below if you haven't done so already.  And because no post is complete without a picture, check out beautiful Miss Addison.  Love this girl (and her awesome family) so much!  :), I think Baby Alex is proud of his daddy's service to our country!  :)

I have a question for all my clients (or potential clients) out there.  Could you please leave a comment and let me know what you prefer when selecting photography packages:  A - Digital Files Only,  B - Digital Files + Professional Prints/Products, C - Packages with Prints/Products Only.  I've had lots of requests lately for help with prints, baby books, etc. and I'm considering offering some new package types.  I'd love you're feedback!, So many handsome men in my life over the last few weeks...  ;)

I've decide that shooting newborns outdoors is probably my favorite thing to do ever!

Bonnet by me - Harbor Knits.  Silk cocoon by Knitz.  Brown fluff by Pure Knits.  Tub by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., What a difference a few months makes!  Here's sweet Andrew at his newborn and six month session.  I have been away from home for most of the day, so I'll be editing like crazy tonight and answering emails in the morning.  Don't forget to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to be added to the notification list for fall family session dates., I just love this little girl and her mischievous little grin!  This was one of the last images I took during the session, and the light was just beautiful.  <3, Is there any doubt who is the center of attention in this family?  Finishing up this awesome family's session, and I couldn't help but giggle at this outtake!  :)

The schedule for fall family sessions will be released this week.  If you want to be one of the first to know about the dates, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with "Fall Family Session" in the subject line., I can hardly believe that a whole year has passed since I first met these little cutie pies!  It's been amazing to watch them grow throughout the year.  They wasted no time digging into their cakes, and it was a blast to watch them smash them to pieces.  :), Meet adorable little Alex!  He was such a rockstar at his session today, and his two year old brother was just as amazing.  I was even able to sneak outside with him for a few images.  Alex has long fingers and toes, and I can just picture him at well over six feet tall in a few years.  A big congratulations to this family of four!, Look who came to play with me this morning!  I can hardly believe that these boys are a year old.  They're the same twins from my cover photo.  Back with more sneak peeks from their cake smash later today, but now I'm off to get ready for a sweet newborn boy.  Have a great day!, How about a little newborn goodness to round out the weekend?  Isn't sweet Michaela adorable?!?  Looking for a twin cake smash tomorrow followed up by a newborn boy.  Lots of sneak peeks coming soon!

Amazing tieback by Knitz.  Love these felted layers by milkmoney., Hope you're having a great weekend!  I just returned home a few hours ago from a trip to rural NH and VT with my family.  There were a ton of new props that had arrived while I was gone, so I took a few minutes to get some photos of my sweet girl who's now 6 months old.  I'll be hitting the old inbox tomorrow, but now I'm off to do laundry.  :)

Headband by Prop Me Up Prop Shop.  Bowl by JD Vintage Props.  Felted layer by milkmoney.  Knit layer by Raspberry and Lime (seriously love these things!)., I'm on the road today, and have some time to browse.  Who are your favorite vendors for newborn boy props or 6-12 month props that would fit my style?  Please tag them or leave your page below., I love this precious girl so much!  I asked her who was the sweetest girl in the world, and without hesitating she put her hand to her chest and whispered, "Me!"  <3, Good morning!  I'll officially have real internet again tonight, so I'll be able to most some more sneak peeks soon.  In the mean time, I thought this might make you smile.  :)

http://jezebel.com/when-this-mans-wife-refused-to-take-pregnancy-pics-so-1613018069?utm_campaign=socialflow_jezebel_facebook&utm_source=jezebel_facebook&utm_medium=socialflow, Guess who turned one this week?  Can't wait to see these little guys for their cake smash session soon.  I'm currently booking newborns with due dates into 2015, so feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on reserving your session today!, Hello, friends!  Popping in to let you know that I will have spotty internet access for the next few days.  Hoping to be able to post some more beautiful babies soon.  Please know I'm working hard behind the scenes.  Have a great night!  :), What do you do when baby is taking a break to eat?  Play dress up and have giggle fits with big sister!  Have a great night!

Star crown by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., Little Mr. Matthew came to visit me this morning, and I seriously did a happy dance when I saw his beautiful hair.  He is the fourth child for this awesome family - "THE" boy.  In the very last frame of the session, he flashed me a big smile and totally melted my heart.  Welcome to the world little man!  You are so loved., Sitting in the trees.  Watching babies sleep.  Pretty much sums up my day.  :)  Introducing Matthew at 11 days news.  Eight pounds of pure perfection.  More to come later today.

Amazing silk swaddle by Knitz.  Bonnet by me - Harbor Knits.  Love this fluff by Pure Knits.  And last but not least, my favorite rust colored tub by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., I get to meet the baby inside this bump tomorrow!  This may be my favorite maternity pose, and I think every woman needs and image like this.  <3, It's amazing how fast your little ones grow!  Take the opportunity to capture these precious moments with a Baby Milestone Session by Renee Walston Photography.  I have a limited amount of these sessions remaining for the rest of the year.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to reserve your session today!  Here's sweet Madeline at her newborn, seven month, and one year sessions., Good morning!  My children were kind enough to pass the stomach bug to me, so I'll be down and out most of the day.  Didn't want you to think I was ignoring you!, I can hardly believe little Rocco is a year old!  I have been photographing him since he was tiny newborn.  He is so full or personality and smiles.  And let me just tell you, he knew exactly how to handle his cake!  :), That moment when you're setting up for an outdoor cake smash session and your sprinkler system turns on... 😂  #ineededasecondshower #laughatyourself, I'm doing a happy dance with Miss Madeline right now because her gallery is done!  I'm going to miss seeing this little peanut every few months now that she's graduated the baby plan.  Back to editing!  I'll be tackling my inbox again in the morning.  :), I've had a wonderfully fulfilling day today that was capped off spending time with this extended family.  These sweet cousins had me laughing all night!  :), Good morning!  Spent the day offline yesterday and enjoyed a visit with my grandparents.  This is what I get as a reward.  😉  I'll be tackling my inbox, mailing galleries, and launching my new website today along with photographing a beautiful family.  Thank you for keeping me so busy!  I truly appreciate your support., I had a blast this morning playing with Miss Addie and visiting with her mommy.  This is my third time photographing her, and I just can't get enough of her strawberry blonde hair and big, beautiful eyes.  She wasn't sure what to make of her cake at first, but by the end she dug right in!, When you're photographing a session outdoors, you prepare yourself in advance that something unexpected is going to happen.  Last night, we were photobombed by these "magic flying machines."  LOL!, Good morning!  Here's an early morning baby share to start your day off right.  Have a fantastic Friday!, Hello, handsome!  I'm off to bed, but I'll be back with a few more sneak peeks tomorrow.  Sweet dreams!

Amazing beach fedora by Chloe & Ash, LLC, Meet Andrew and his amazing parents!  I have had the honor of photographing mom's baby bump, Andrew as a newborn, and now as a sweet seven month old.  We had an awesome time out at the beach tonight, and I'm so thankful that they have let me be a part of their lives.  <3, Do you remember this smiley little guy from last December?  I'm off to photograph his sitting up milestone session.  I can't wait to show you how much he has grown!  Make sure to follow me over on Instagram for some behind the scenes images from his session.  Username - reneethephotog., The smallest things often take up the most room in your heart.  <3, I hope you're staying cool today!  The humidity is outrageous here in Plymouth.  Sweet Gabby's gallery will be heading out tomorrow along with several others.  Isn't she just gorgeous.  Her headband is by one of my favorite vendors Pooks and Lulu., I'm finishing up this beautiful beach maternity session.  Can't wait to meet this little one very soon!, Good morning!  Did you see the sneak peeks of the beautiful Cooper family from last night?  I'm popping in to let you know that my little guy is sick with a stomach bug, so I will be quiet for most of the day.  I'll be working hard to finish up my website and a few galleries while he naps.  All sessions for the next few days will be rescheduled so there's no chance of me getting your babies sick.  Thank you for your understanding!  :), I had an awesome time tonight hanging out with the Cooper family.  All three girls were so sweet and personable.  Little Addie will be back tomorrow for her cake smash session.  I can't wait!, I've been trying to make a point to edit a few personal images every day.  Here's one taken this evening of my oldest son with my dad.  All of the adults in fleece, and the kids still in the water.  A typical day at Camp.  Hope you have a great weekend!  Anyone planning on going down to the fireworks tomorrow night?, Good morning!  I'm sending off Charlotte's gallery today and will be picking up my new "baby" at the post office this morning.  Want a sneak peek at what it is?  Come check me out over on Instagram - username reneethephotog.  Have a great day!, Welcome new fans!  So glad to have you all here.  I truly appreciate all the love, support, and comments you have left on my images over the last few days.  It means the world to me and the families of the babies in the pictures.  I'm finishing up sweet Charlotte's gallery right now.  Isn't she just precious?!?, Gorgeous little Michaella came to visit me today.  She was born three weeks earlier than anticipated.  At just about five and a half pounds, she was such a tiny ball of cuteness.  I couldn't get enough of her beautiful features, and she rocked some outdoor photos.  I'm so, so happy for this new family of three and I can't wait to watch her grow!, Popping in to share a quick behind the scenes moment with you.  I've been working diligently to update my website in between working on galleries, and it's very close to being done.  I hope to have it live by tomorrow evening.  So excited!  Part of my new site will be better integration with my Pinterest and Instagram accounts.  Feel free to leave your links in the comments so I can follow you!  Lastly, I should be all caught up on emails by tonight.  :), Still pinching myself that this just happened!  Introducing Miss Michaella.  I had an amazing time photographing her this morning, and will have lots more to share later today.

Headband by Vanilla Lullaby.  Felted layer by milkmoney.  Fluffies by Pure Knits - run and by some.  They are amazing!, Precious little Jack came to visit me this afternoon.  I had the pleasure of meeting his mother and sister earlier this year, and it was wonderful to finally get to cuddle him.  Mommy scheduled his session very early in her pregnancy, so I feel like I've "known" him for such a long time.  :)  A big congratulations to this new family of four!, Hope you've had a fabulous weekend! I'm looking forward to being officially back in the office tomorrow. Here's a peek at what I've been up to in the last week. My sweet boys actually sat down, hugged each other, and smiled without being bribed...LOL!, It's amazing the difference a year can make!  Finishing up sweet Emilia's gallery right now.  Interested in capturing your baby's milestones?  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information today.  I'll be an email machine tomorrow!  :), Happy 4th of July!  I'm spending this rainy day finishing up galleries and updating my website.  Can't wait to share my new site with you soon.  Hope you have a wonderful weekend!, On the way home from the beach and had to take advantage of this time to knit up a few things for my newborns next week.  Hope you have a great weekend, and let's all pray hurricane Arthur stays away!, Hello!  If you've been around my page much, you must know that I love newborns more than just about anything.  This little scoop of peanut butter just stole my heart!  Finishing up his gallery right now.  Does anyone else besides me make up funny little names for their babies?  :), I'm definitely enjoying my vacation time, but I am still working hard on galleries.  Several will be going out in the next few days.  I'll be working on emails and messages tomorrow.  Have a great night!, Hope you had a fabulous weekend!  I'm enjoying some wonderful time with my family.  A few years ago, I became friends with Julia of Pooks and Lulu and Julia V Photography.  For all of my clients with girls, you've probably seen me put one of her beautiful hats or headbands on your baby (see my profile pic and cover photo).  On Friday, I finally had the chance to meet her in person and she captured some AWESOME photos of our family.  If any of my fans are in the Royersford/Collegeville, PA area, you must book a session with her.  Thank you so much, Julia!  You are the best.  :), I'll be out of office for a few days enjoying some much needed beach time with my family.  I'll still be working on galleries, but I will be slow to respond to emails and phone calls.  Thank you so much for all your support of my business, and I can't wait to be back in action in July.  <3, Handsome little Jaxson is also up on the blog today.  Hope you enjoy some of my favorites from his session.  I just loved this little guy!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/06/26/baby-boy-jaxson-scituate-ma-newborn-photographer/, Gorgeous 10 week old Gracie is making her appearance on the blog this morning.  Please come take a peek and leave the family some love if you like what you see.  :)

Tieback by the amazing Vanilla Lullaby.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/06/26/gracie-marshfield-ma-baby-photographer/, Handsome Aedan came to visit me this afternoon, and was such a precious little cuddle bug.  I barely saw his eyes, until right at the end of the session when he looked right at me and flashed a big smile.  I could not get enough of his pouty lips and big hands.  Look at those fingers!  I'm guessing he's going to be one tall dude.  Congratulations to this new family of three!, Today I spent most of the day tackling the laundry monster.  Anyone hate putting away laundry as much as me...LOL!  :)  As a reward, I had to sneak down to the beach tonight with my little guy to use this AMAZING new hat from Chloe & Ash, LLC.  Do you like?, Look who came back to see me today.  Adorable little Madeline.  I have had the honor of watching her grown from a newborn all the way through her first year.  She is tiny, but fierce!  Full of smiles and always moving.  You may recognize her from my cover photo.  Her beautiful eyes are hard to miss.  Congrats, Mom & Dad!  You made it through the first year., Adorable little Bella came to visit me for the first time for her six month milestone portraits.  Her mommy and I had due dates only a few weeks apart.  I loved her smile and the way she kept sticking out her little tongue when she would get extra excited.  :), Sometimes the outtakes are just as good as the rest of the images.  :)  Couldn't resist sharing this one of sweet Bella from this morning.  I'll be back with her "official" sneak peek later tonight.  Now, off to a cake smash!, Good morning!  I just love when I catch a "real" smile on camera.  The kind where you can see it in their eyes.  This beautiful girl stayed right by my side during mom's maternity session, and I couldn't resist getting a few of her too.  :)

I'm looking forward to welcoming a six month old and one year old into the studio today.  Hope you have a wonderful day!, Does it get any cuter?  The Gilberti Family is making their appearance on the blog tonight.  Come see more images by following this link.  If you like what you see, feel free to leave a comment.  :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/06/23/gilberti-family-marshfield-ma-photographer/, Here are a few more sneak peeks from yesterday's maternity session.  This family is very excited to be adding a boy to their family after three girls.  I can't wait to meet him in just a few weeks!  Now, back to my editing marathon...  :), Sweet little Gabby came to visit me this afternoon for her newborn portraits.  She was so teeny, tiny at 5 pounds, 13 ounces.  Her daddy faithfully serves our country, and it was fun to incorporate his Army pride in a few of the images.  A big congratulations to these new parents.  Enjoy all her beautiful smiles!, This morning I had a wonderful studio maternity session with this gorgeous expectant mother.  This is her fourth child, and I absolutely laughed out loud when I read her inquiry email announcing that this was "THE BOY!"  Can't wait to meet him in a few weeks!

Maternity sessions are so precious and amazing.  I would definitely encourage each mother to do it at least once.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on session options.

Beautiful gown by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  Thank you so much for all your kind comments on my images over the last few days.  It means the world to me and the families in the photos.  :)  I'm looking forward to another maternity session today followed by a sweet newborn girl.

And because no post is complete without an image, here's another one of the beautiful momma from last night.  Can't wait to find out if she'll be adding a boy or girl to the family in a few weeks!, There are no words.  I'd say pregnancy suits her well.  <3

Beautiful gown by Roses and Ruffles., Fire Water., What a beautiful day today!  I'm working on this sweet family's gallery and just had to share this image.  I think someone LOVES his mama!  

Tonight I'll be spending some time at the beach for a sunset maternity session.  Can't wait to share some sneak peeks with you!, To all my photographer fans, my sweet friend Jessica of Knitz just opened up her shop.  LOVE her stuff!  She made this beautiful bonnet my baby girl is wearing in her three month photos.  I just added three new pieces to my collection.  Here's the link if you want to shop - http://shop.myknitz.com/products., I had an amazing family session tonight!  All three kids were so well behaved and were naturals in front of the camera.  Mom and Dad did a pretty good job themselves.  They will be adding another little boy to the family in November, so I had fun sneaking a few maternity images into the mix., Victoria's beautiful maternity session is up on the blog tonight.  I hope you can come take a peek.  If you like what you see, feel free to comment on the post.  :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/?p=1153, I'm getting ready to work thorough my mountain of emails, but wanted to pop in to say hello first.  I hope you enjoy these images of my sweet girl taken this week during her 5 month photo session.  She just loves being in front of the camera now.  I hope this lasts as I just love her sweet smiles!, My afternoon was spent with gorgeous little Emilia!  I have loved watching her grow since photographing her as a newborn, and it was so much fun to celebrate her first birthday with her.  She has such a sassy little personality.  I could fill this album with 20 different photos of all her expressions.  Congratulations, mom and dad!  You made it through the first year spectacularly., Gorgeous little Charlotte came to visit me for some outdoor photos at the end of last week and was back again this morning for an indoor portrait session.  She has grown so much since I saw her for her newborn photos.  I loved her serious faces as much as her smiles.  I can't wait to see her back for her cake smash later this year.  :), Getting excited for this afternoon's one year old session!  Hope you're having a great day!, Happy Father's Day!  This image of my sweet girl tucked into my husband's hands is something I'll always cherish.  I've enjoyed some time with my family this weekend and will be back in full force tomorrow.  Have a great night!, Adorable little Brennan came to visit me this afternoon.  He had the most beautiful eyes and a thick head of dark hair.  His daddy has played baseball for years, and it was fun incorporating a themed shot into his session.  I'm so happy for this new family of three!, Finishing up my prep for this afternoon's newborn session.  I do make a lot of my own props in addition to working with some vendors to ensure your images are customized and every tiny hat fits perfectly!  Stop back later today to see this hat in action.  :), Handsome Gavin came to visit me this morning, and he definitely did not disappoint.  He was a tiny little peanut and barely made a peep.  I think he might win the award for the most smiles in one session.  It was so adorable!  A big congratulations to this new family of three., A little back of camera sneak peek from my newborn session this morning.  So many smiles for me today!  I'll be offline for most of the day today but will be responding to emails tonight.  Have a great day!, I spent my afternoon with gorgeous little Charlotte.  At six months old, she has grown so much since I last saw her as a newborn (see my previous post for a peek from that session).

Tieback from Prop Me Up Prop Shop.  Oval tub by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}.  Layer by Stitches By Sarah., Good morning!  Remember this little princess?  She's coming in today for her sitting up milestone session.  I can't wait to see how much she's grown!

Are you looking to capture your baby's growth?  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on Watch Me Grow or Baby Milestone sessions., Working hard behind the scenes editing and reorganizing the studio.  Here's one of sweet Peyton right as our beach session was ending.  Isn't she beautiful?  There are still two more discounted family sessions up for grabs over on my booking website.  I'll post the link in the comments of this status.  Have a great night!, Hope you've had a wonderful day!  Gorgeous Sophie is making her appearance on the blog tonight.  Click on the link below to view more images from her session.  

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/06/10/sweet-sophie-attleboro-ma-newborn-photographer/, I'm working on this sweet girl's gallery right now, and this image just made me smile.  So simple and beautiful...and that hair!  <3

In case you missed my last post, scroll down my page to see how you can save $100 on a family session.  Goodnight!, Hope you've been enjoying this beautiful day!  Here's another sneak peek from Friday's family session.  This weekend, my hubby and I celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary.  I thought I'd offer something to all my wonderful clients to celebrate.  How about $100 off a family session to take place in August or September?  There are only a few of these available, and all the information can be found on my booking site at this link - http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/family-portrait-session-sale., Beautiful little Gracie came to visit me yesterday morning.  She had such a sweet demeanor and beautiful smiles.  It's hard work being a baby, so she decided to nod off in the middle of our session.  ;)  I love how she curled into some poses typically reserved only for newborns.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, What a little heartbreaker!  <3, I spent my evening with the gorgeous Finley family.  All three kids were so well behaved and were just naturals in front of the camera.  Made my job easy!  :), Adorable little Hadley is making her appearance on the blog tonight.  Click on the link for more images from her session - http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/06/05/newborn-hadley-plymouth-ma-photographer/.

Perfect headband by one of my favorite vendors - Pooks and Lulu.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., How about a little newborn goodness on this rainy morning? Love little Reagan so much!

I'm currently accepting reservations for newborn sessions for mommy's with due dates in July and beyond. September is almost full. Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information., Good morning!  I'll be spending the day editing, emailing, and trying to reorganize my newborn prop closet (wish me luck!).  :)  This isn't photography related, but one of my good friends is selling several baby/toddler items in like new condition - convertible car seats, high chairs, bike chair, etc.  See links in the comments of the post if you're interested.  Have a great day!, After a string of newborn girls, I finally welcomed a sweet little man into the studio this afternoon.  He was perfectly squishy with the most beautiful skin and fuzzy blonde hair.  I am so happy for this new family of three!, Sorry for post overload tonight, but I just couldn't help but share one more sneak peek of these gorgeous sisters from yesterday.  The light was just perfect, and they were so much fun.  Off to bed so I can rest up for tomorrow's newborn boy.  Have a great night!, What a little heartbreaker!  Sweet Jack just turned one and was just as sweet as can be.  Check out those eyes!, The wonder of childhood!  I had an amazing family session tonight with this sweet three year old and her family.  It was absolutely adorable listening to her make a wish before she blew the dandelion.  Another sneak peek coming soon, and I'll also be attending to emails and messages., Sisters by birth.  Friends by choice.

Meet beautiful twins Emerson and Shelby.  <3, Dreaming of summer..., Pure love.  Meet Reagan (9 days news) and her beautiful mother.  <3, Hello, Gorgeous!  Isn't Elizabeth just stunning?  I had the honor of photographing her tonight before her prom.  She is such a beautiful person - both inside and out., I spent my morning with ADORABLE one year old Lucas.  Isn't he just precious in this outfit from one of my favorite vendors - Chloe & Ash, LLC?!?, Beautiful Annabelle is also making an appearance on the blog tonight.  Click on the link below to view more images.

I am over the moon in love with this nest by Pure Knits.  If you are a newborn photographer, you MUST add one to your prop collection.

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/05/28/baby-annabelle-kingston-ma-newborn-photographer/, Simply beautiful.  <3, Adorable Austin's cake smash session and one year old portraits are up on the blog.  I'd love for you to come take a peek at some of my favorites from his session.  See link in comments to view more photos., I had another gorgeous little girl in the studio this morning!  I just couldn't get enough of sweet Sofie's hair.  At just about six pounds, she was such a tiny little peanut and slid into each and every pose.  I can't wait to watch her grow.  A big congrats to her family!, Gorgeous Savannah came to visit me this afternoon for her newborn portraits.  She did such an amazing job - especially considering she's on the "older" side for newborn photos.  She even flashed a few smiles at me.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, Hello, everyone!  I'm finally back home and am as excited as sweet baby Austin to get into my regular routine.  Thank you so much for all your kind words through this difficult time for our family.  I'm working to get through emails/messages now and will be back in the studio with two sweet newborn girls this weekend.  Can't wait to share lots of beautiful image with you soon!  :)

Love these leggies by LoveByCC.  Layer by the awesome Stitches By Sarah., Hope you're having a great weekend!  Thank you so much for your patience over the last few days as we have been dealing with a death in the family.  I will still be out of commission for a few more days, but I wanted to remind you that outdoor mini-session reservations are available for the weekend of June 6 & 7.  See link in comments for more information.  <3 Renee Walston Photography, I know it's the wee hours of the morning, but I promised this momma some sneak peeks!  Gorgeous Hadley came to visit me yesterday afternoon weighing in at just about 7 1/2 pounds.  She had me laughing throughout the session with all her different facial expressions.  She absolutely loved hearing me make loud "sushing" noises.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, **IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT**  We have had a death in the family, so I will have very limited access to email, Facebook, etc. over the next several days as we attend to all the arrangements.  I have had to cancel the mini-session dates for the week of May 19.  Please feel free to email me with any questions at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com, and I'll respond as soon as possible.  Thank you for your understanding during this time., Outdoor mini-session reservations are officially available on my booking site.  Choose from one of two packages, or email me to upgrade to a full session and save $100!  Please let me know if you have any questions.  :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.bigcartel.com/product/outdoor-mini-sessions-deposit, Working on details for outdoor mini sessions as well as emails this afternoon.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you want first dibs at session times.  Please write "Outdoor Mini Sessions" in the subject line., How about we start this beautiful day with a little baby love?  Gorgeous Juliana is up on the blog, and her gallery is on the way to her parents along with a few others today.  More sneak peeks can be found on the blog!

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/05/13/baby-juliana-hanover-ma-newborn-photographer/

One of my favorite tiebacks from Little Lullaby Designs, felted goodness from milkmoney, and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., I had an AMAZING late afternoon session with two very gorgeous girls.  Beth is the face behind www.missbethanykate.com (an up and coming fashion and lifestyle blog).  I loved capturing these special moments between her and Gracie - her beautiful 13 month old.  I hope you enjoy these sneak peeks from their forest to beach session.  Make sure you check out her blog and Facebook page - Bethany Kate.  You can also find her on Instagram at #missbethanykate_., Happy Mother's Day!  Hope you have an amazing day with your little ones and are spoiled by everyone around you.  :)

Here I am with my amazing mother and sweet little girl just a few months ago., I just put the finishing touches on this gorgeous girl's gallery.  Just a quick update, I had to be away from the computer for most the day today.  I'll be returning emails first thing tomorrow.  Hope you have a great night!, Good morning!  I'll be enjoying the sunshine and editing away today.  Does anyone have fun plans for Mother's Day weekend?  To all my mommy fans - are you hoping for anything special on Sunday?, I've been trying to make an effort to take more photos of my children, and today we had a great time playing and making memories.  Each of these images captures a part of their sweet personalities.  <3, I had a very special newborn session this morning.  Sweet Magnolia is the daughter of my college roommate, and it was so wonderful to connect again after living far away from each other for so many years.  At just over eight pounds, this little sweet pea just stole my heart with her doll like features and AMAZING head of hair.  I'm so happy for this new family of four, and I can't wait to watch her grow!, Hope you've had a great weekend!  Did you enjoy the beautiful weather?

Here's a sneak peek for the Taylor Family from our beach session on Friday.  I'll be releasing details soon for family beach sessions.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you want to be notified when I'm ready to take bookings., Gorgeous little Annabelle came to visit me this afternoon.  She was born on Easter Sunday, so we just had to do a sweet bunny picture.  At just under eight pounds, she was such a little doll baby.  Her mother is a musician, and as I was posing her long fingers I kept wondering if she would someday she would follow in mommy's footsteps.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, It's Friday!  I just finished up some headshots for our amazing dentist, have a newborn girl coming to the studio in a bit, then I'll be heading to the beach for a sunset session.  Can't wait to share sneak peeks soon!, My kiddos and I did some location scouting this afternoon once the rain let up.  I'm so ready for summer!  Where are some of your favorite outdoor spaces to play with you kids?  We love the beach, Nelson Park, and Forges Field in Plymouth.  Taking a few minutes to unwind, then I'll be back to answering emails.  :), Handsome little Paul is making his debut on the blog tonight!  See link in comments to view more images from his session.  I have expectant mothers on my list all the way into November.  Please contact me ASAP if you would like to be added to my list as some months are almost full - reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Good morning!  I'm editing away and answering emails like crazy today.  In case you missed my post lat night, I'm look for a few maternity and newborn models for some special upcoming projects.  Each model will receive complimentary images with printing rights for their time.  See link in comments for more details, and please tag your friends if you know anyone who may be interested!  :), I am excited for some special projects over the coming months and will need a few models.  Please see the post on my site for more information on what spots are available and how to apply.  Please share this post with your friends if you think they may be interested.  Thank you so much!  :)

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/04/30/model-call-plymouth-ma-photographer/, Have I mentioned how much I love this bonnet by Whippoorwill Nest Boutique?  Sweet Elaina wears it so well!  I hope you can stop by the blog to check out more images from her session.  Can't wait to send out her entire gallery tomorrow!  :), Adorable little Ruari came to visit me this morning for her sitting up baby milestone session.  She was so sweet that I just couldn't stop smiling right back at her.  I absolutely loved that her mom brought along these Beatrix Potter dolls.  Too cute!, I can hardly believe it, but my sweet girl turned three months old last week.  Time is just flying by!  I took a few minutes tonight to do some set-ups with her.  I do have room for one more baby milestone (3-9 months) this month.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you want to snag it., Hope you're having a great weekend!  I know some wonder whether or not custom newborn photography is worth the expense, so I thought I'd share a little before and after.  Top image is straight out of camera, and bottom is after I work my magic.  Jaundice, scratches, dry skin, etc. are very common, and I take the time to careful hand edit each image to let your child's natural beauty shine.  If you're interested in reserving a spot on my expectant mother's list, please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., I had an AMAZING maternity session earlier today.  I had the chance to meet these two beautiful sisters who happen to be pregnant at the same time.  After our indoor session, we headed down to the beach for some fun.  The water was the most stunning almost navy blue, and this beautiful mom rocked the posing.  I'm so happy for their entire extended family and can't wait to see their sweet babies soon!  :), Getting ready for a maternity session.  Can't wait to share some sneak peeks soon!  :), Hope you've had a great day!  I've been a busy bee editing and preparing for sessions.  Little Miss Brea is up on the blog tonight.  See link in the comments to view more images.  I'm off to start answering emails.  Only one more spot left for May newborn sessions.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you're interested.  <3 Renee Walston Photography

Amazing headpiece by Pooks and Lulu., Great news!  Two of my May babies were born early, so I have two slots available for newborn sessions.  Your baby is only this tiny for a few short weeks, and you definitely don't want to miss this opportunity to capture their beautiful features.  I also have limited availability left for June and July due dates, so please contact me asap at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you are interested in any of these spots., Good morning!  Location scouting this morning in the beautiful sunshine and emails/editing later today.  Hope you have an awesome day!, Adorable Juliana came to visit me this afternoon.  She was the smallest baby I've photographed to date at just about 4 1/2 pounds.  You may remember her sweet face from when I visited her in the NICU.  I'm so happy to see that she's home and doing so well.  And isn't her smile just gorgeous?!?  A big congrats to this new family of three!  :), I had a blast this afternoon seeing sweet Austin and his parents again!  He was one of the very first newborns I ever photographed, and I can't believe he's already one!  He tried to out maneuver me a few times, but I was able to get some great shots of this busy little guy.  Happy birthday, Austin!  :), Packaging up galleries today, and I came back across this image.  I think Robert's daddy is just a bit proud of his new little guy.  What do you think?  :), Here's a little "Throwback Thursday" fun for you!  Guess who turned one this week and will be coming in for his cake smash session tomorrow?  Sweet baby Austin!  Can't wait to show you how much he's grown.  #tbt, Adorable little Callum came in for his first official photos today.  I was totally smitten by his sweet personality, big blue eyes, and creamy olive skin.  Dads - lock up your daughters!  :), Introducing Mr. Callum - 3 months old!  Isn't he adorable?!?  I just had to get one quick sneak peek up for his momma before dinner.  More to come later tonight.  :), I can hardly believe it, but my sweet girl turned three months old last week.  Time is just flying by!  I took a few minutes tonight to do some set-ups with her.  I do have room for one more baby milestone (3-9 months) this month.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you want to snag it., Hello everyone!  Thank you so much for stopping by my page.  I've had a busy day with two sessions, and will be back online to answer emails and messages after getting some quality time with my littles before bed.  :), It was such a pleasure meeting sweet Paul and his parents this afternoon!  He was such a little string bean - so long and lean.  I'm not sure I saw his eyes for more than a quick second during the entire session.  His nursery is  beautifully decorated with pale green and little lambs, so I couldn't resist making his this sweet little lamb bonnet.  Congratulations to this new family of three!, Beautiful little Addison came to visit me today.  You all know how much I enjoy capturing little ones as they grow, but today was extra special.  Addison crawled for the first time ever today while I was snapping away.  It was magical!  :), Gorgeous baby Elaina came to visit me today along with her two older sisters.  She was such a sleepy little thing and spoiled me with how easily she slipped into each pose.  She loved having her little hands up by her face.  A big congratulations to this family of five!, I thought it would be fun to do a quick share for some of my photographer friends today.  I've been trying hard to get creative with my set-ups to capture unique images without disturbing baby.  In these two images, baby stayed in the same spot.  I switched the headband out for the bonnet and changed my angle for two different shots - each one showcasing a different part of this baby's beauty.  Hope you enjoyed this quick tip!, Good morning!  Just had a great time at church, and now I'm getting ready to welcome another beautiful newborn girl into the studio this afternoon.  Sneak peeks coming later today, followed by lots of emailing.  :), I got to snuggle the most adorable ball of squishy this afternoon!  Brea was such an adorable little girl, and I could not get enough of her beautiful platinum hair and sweet cheeks.  She is just about 10 pounds, and loved being all curled up.  A big congratulations to this new family of four!, I had a wonderful time getting to know sweet Ivan and his family recently.  His grandmother was looking for some classic portraits of her first grandson, and I think we were able to achieve some magic.  He loved singing "The Itsy Bitsy Spider" and playing with my Easter eggs.  Why is it that little boys always have the best eyelashes?  I'm jealous!  :), Thank you so much to everyone who entered the Baby Blossom giveaway!  The winner of the grand prize is Selene C., and the winner of the $50 gift certificate is Kristen J.  Congratulations!  Please contact me within 24 hours to claim your prizes.  :)

On another note, I have VERY limited availability left for June, July, and August.  If you are considering a session during those months, please contact me ASAP to reserve your spot at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Happy Tuesday!  I'll be announcing the winner of the giveaway later tonight.  Sorry for the delay!  Sick and cranky three month olds definitely hinder productivity.  ;), How adorable are these two little guys?!?  They are the same boys in my cover photo, and it's amazing to see how much they have grown.  I had a blast this morning chasing the two of them around.   Big props to all you mommas of multiples!  Here are some of my favorites from their session., Good morning!  Adorable twin boys in the studio this morning, and then I'll be working on contracts and emails this afternoon.  Oh, and I may just have a giveaway winner to announce...  ;), Remember these cutie pies?  I'll be seeing them this week for their sitting up milestone session.  I love capturing babies as they grow, which is why I've created both the "Watch Me Grow" and "Baby Blossom" packages.  Make sure you enter to win a complete "Baby Blossom" package ($3,900 value) along with an awesome book from Belly Books.  Giveaway closes at 11:59 PM tonight.  See link in comments for more info!, Good morning!  This has been an exciting (and busy) week both personally and professionally.  To cap it off, today's my birthday!  It's also the last day to enter the HUGE Baby Blossom and Belly Books giveaway.  See link in comments to enter.  I'll be responding to emails later today.  :), Good morning!  I'm so ready for spring and for my kiddos to be done with the tissue box.  Are you with me?  :)  Here's something to brighten your day.  Make sure to enter to win a year's worth of photo sessions for your baby!  See link in comments for the details., Welcome new fans!  So glad to have you here.  In case you missed it last night, I'm giving away one of my new Baby Blossom packages (a $3,900 value) along with an awesome book from Belly Books.  See post pinned to the top of my page for details on how to enter.  Make sure to read all the way down to the bottom because someone else will also win a $50 gift certificate.  :), This week, I will be celebrating one year in business.  Thank you so much to each and every one of my clients that has helped make this year so amazing!  To celebrate, I'm launching a brand new, exclusive package and giveaway.  Baby Blossom plans will allow you to chronicle your child's first year from belly bump to first birthday with a session each month.  You will receive digital images from each session along with a keepsake album at the end of the year.  A very limited number of these packages are available, so please contact me asap if you're interested.  One lucky fan will win one of these packages (a $3,900 value) along with an amazing book from Belly Books.  Head on over to the blog to enter today.  This prize is transferrable, so feel free to enter for a family member or friend.  If you book and win, your deposit will be refunded.  Giveaway will end on Sunday, April 6 at 11:59 PM.

Want a chance to win a $50 gift certificate too?  Like this status and comment that you did so.  Tag a friend in the comments for more entries (tag as many people as you would like).

http://reneewalstonphotography.com/2014/04/01/baby-blossom-package-launch/, Kiddos are down for their naps, and I'm working on emails, contracts, and website updates.  I can hardly contain myself, so here's a sneak peek at something very new and exciting coming to Renee Walston Photography.  I'm hoping to get all the details and an amazing giveaway launched tonight.  If you're pregnant, thinking about getting pregnant, or might want to become pregnant after learning more - make sure to check back soon for all the details!  :), Hippity, hop, hop, Easter's on it's way!  Here's one more sneak peek of little Maggie for you.  

My website will be down today as I work on some updates.  I'm hoping to relaunch it tomorrow along with a fun giveaway.  Please feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with any questions or for session information while the site is down., I had such a wonderful time with handsome Mr. Robert this morning.  He barely made a peep and love being all curled up in all my different poses.  Truly a dream session!  I had the honor of capturing his mother's maternity photos, so it was extra special to meet that baby that was in the belly., I'm going to officially declare that I have the best job ever!  :)  Amazing newborn session this morning (sneak peeks to come soon), followed up by this a few minutes ago.  Adorable Miss Maggie is just too cute!

AMAZING bonnet by Whippoorwill Nest Boutique.  Rust tub by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., A little back if camera sneak peek while this sweet boy takes a snack break.  Can you say adorable?!?  :), Good morning!  Is anyone else out there ready for this snow to end?  Despite the winter weather, the studio is nice and toasty.  Getting ready to welcome a newborn boy and one year old girl today.  I'll be responding to all emails later this afternoon.  Remember, today is the last day to secure your session before new rates go into effect., There is just something magical about photographing an expectant mother.  Beautiful Leah was absolutely radiant for her session earlier this month.  I can't wait to meet baby girl #3 very soon!, Gorgeous baby Ella is making her debut on the blog on this rainy afternoon.  I hope her images bring some sunshine to your day!  She absolutely loved being curled up in this pose.  <3 Renee Walston Photography

Wrap by Swaddle Me Baby.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Adorable little Rocco is up on the blog tonight.  I hope you can come take a peek at more images from his session.  See link in comments., Sometimes the most beautiful images are all baby!  Meet one year old Ivan.  Isn't he just adorable?, Getting ready to welcome a sweet little man into the studio for his spring portraits!, Hi, friends!  Sorry it's been quiet around here.  I've been a busy, busy bee editing away and completing sessions behind the scenes.  Packages for the Fey Family, Rocco, Joey, Julia, and Ella will be shipping out by Saturday.  On another note, if you're around tonight and want to attend a very special event, join us at 6 PM EST at the Regal Cinemas Independence Mall Kingston for Movie with Max.  I'm so happy to see how many people from the community are going to be joining us in support of families of children with autism.  See link in comments for more info., My thoughts and prayers are with the family members who lost loved ones in today's fire.  Several of my clients are local firefighters.  From our family to yours, we are so thankful for your service., I received a very unexpected email the other day.  One of my clients sent me a beautiful photo of her little girl - who arrived almost 8 weeks earlier than anticipated.  I had the honor of visiting her in the special care nursery this morning.  My youngest son was also born at 32 weeks, so it absolutely brought me back to that time.  At only 2 lbs. 14 oz., this little girl is a strong fighter.  Please send your thoughts and prayers to this family!, Good morning!  I'm headed to South Shore Hospital for a very special newborn session this morning.  I'll be back to answer emails and messages this afternoon.  Hope you have a great day!  :), The Fey family is also up on the blog tonight!  I love this little "behind the scenes" shot from their session.  I absolutely can't get enough of sweet Hunter's reaction to his sister.  See link in comments to view more photos., Little Ellie is pretty excited to announce that her gallery is complete and her sneak peeks are up on the blog!  Hope you can come check out my favorite images from her session.  See link in comments.

I can hardly believe it, but next month I will be celebrating one year in business.  Just a heads up that some of my pricing will be adjusting at the first of the month, so contact me by March 31 to lock in current package rates.  I will also be hosting a fun giveaway very soon!, Good morning!  I'm going to be an email and editing machine today.  I'm also looking forward to meeting two precious newborns next week.  Please feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to be added to my expectant mother list.  Spots are filling fast, especially for August and September!, Thought it might be fun to show you the three images that went into creating the elephant rocker image I posted earlier today.  As you can see, baby's dad was always holding on to him.  Mom was right out of the frame too.  Safety first!  :), Adorable Mason is making his debut on the blog!  I hope you can click on the link in the comments to see more images from his session.

*Please note:  this image is a composite.  Dad's hands were on baby at all times, and three images were merged in Photoshop to create the final product.  Safety first!*, Oh, Reese!  You're going to be such a little heartbreaker.  Those eyes...gorgeous!

Love my Nora slouch hat from the amazing Pooks and Lulu., This little face has been slowing me down today!  Fortunately, the hubs is on the way home to relieve me, so I'll be answering emails like crazy in just a few.  Hope you've had a great day!  :), I'm finishing up sweet Mason's gallery right now and had to pop in to share this image with you.  I love everything about this little guy - those perfect lips, sweet profile, and perfect baby rolls.  It's these little details that I love to capture most.

I still have a few spots left for April newborns and am also accepting reservations for May and beyond.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to get your name on my expectant mother list today!, Gorgeous little Blake came to visit me this morning for her one year old portraits.  She'll be back later this week for her cake smash, so stayed tuned for more pictures of this little beauty!, Last one for tonight - Joey and Julia.  Simply adorable!, I met Madelyn's baby brother again today too.  :)  Can't wait to snuggle him for his newborn session in a few months!, Miss Madelyn is just too cute with those pigtails!  Loved meeting this sweet two year old today.  She loved all my props, especially my bunny and Easter eggs.  :), I have had a blast this weekend photographing so many sweet children for their spring mini-sessions.  Here is adorable nine month old Emilia.  Love her so much!, One more for today.  My little loves!  <3

I'll be back in action with more spring mini-session sneak peeks tomorrow.  Have a great night!, Little Max stole my heart this afternoon!  Isn't he one of the cutest one year olds you've ever seen?

Awesome carrot banner by Cardboard Sheek., My weekend got off to a great start with a beautiful maternity session this morning.  This family will be welcoming their third girl in a few weeks.  Here's a quick sneak peek before this afternoon's spring mini-sessions.  Have a great day!  <3 Renee Walston Photography, Meet the Fey Family!  <3, I had a wonderful family session this afternoon, and about fell off my chair when I downloaded this one off my camera.  Definitely a priceless outtake!  LOL!  Hope you have a great night.  :), Sweet little Tess kicked off a busy weekend of photo sessions!  Sometimes, all it takes is a giant chocolate pop from mommy to get a two year old to smile!  :)

Carrot banner from the amazing Cardboard Sheek, Gorgeous baby Ella came in for her first portraits this afternoon.  She was such a cute little peanut.  So long and lean!  A big congratulations to this new family of four!, Getting ready to meet a sweet newborn girl this afternoon.  Hope you're having a fantastic day!  :), Maggie's gallery is done...just like her cake!  I'd love for you to come take a peek at some of my favorite images from her session over on the blog.  See link in comments.

I reviewed my calendar today, and I do have a few spots still remaining for sessions in April and May.  Please contact me as soon as possible if you are interested in reserving either a newborn or baby milestone session at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Spring mini-session information has been sent out to everyone who has reserved a session!  There are still a few spots left if you would like to join in on the fun.  See link in comments for more information and to book your slot today!, “But the wild things cried, 'Oh please don’t go - we’ll eat you up - we love you so!'" - Maurice Sendak, Well, hello handsome!  Look how much you've grown, sweet Rocco.  I can't believe it's been eight months already!, Remember this tiny little peanut?  He'll be in the studio this morning for his sitting up milestone session.  Wait until you see how much Rocco has grown!

I'll be an emailing machine tonight, so check your inboxes!  :), My sweet baby girl turns two months old tomorrow, so I snagged a few quick photos of her this afternoon.  Love this big smile she flashed.  Hope you have a great night!

Headband by Sew Whimsey., I've been a little under the weather the last few days, so it was especially exciting to log on to see this page has passed the 1K fan mark.  Thank you so much for being here!  Sweet little Jack is up on the blog this afternoon.  Hope you can come take a peek!  Also, there are a few more "Simply Spring" mini-sessions left.  More info is pinned to the top of my page, and the link to book may be found in the comments.  :), Every day I pinch myself because I can't believe this is my job!  I had such a wonderful time this morning with beautiful Ellie and her mother.  She was flashing smile after smile and had the best baby talk.  Ellie is the little sister to two big brothers, and her mom requested pink and girly after all that blue.  I can handle that!  :), I'm looking forward to another fun day in the studio!  The heat is cranked up, and a sweet three month old girl is on the way in for her portraits.  Sneak peeks coming today!  Also, there are a few spots left for the "Simply Spring" mini-sessions.  The link to book can be found in the comments., I had a blast this afternoon with handsome little Mason!  He was such a sweetheart, and seriously considered keeping him.  He loved, loved, loved having his hands up by his face.  I normally wouldn't post two froggy poses in the same sneak peek, but it was Mr. Mason's favorite pose.  :)  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, Good morning!  I'm so excited to be welcoming a sweet newborn boy into the studio today.  Don't forget to snag your "Simply Spring" mini-sessions before all the slots are filled.  I also added a few slots on Sunday, March 16.  Please let me know if you have any questions!  See link in comments to book your spot., Sweet Daylen's "Simply Spring" session is up on the blog!  I'd love for you to come take a peek at the blog to see more images.  You can book your own mini-session today by visiting my booking site.  Links to both pages in the comments., Good morning!  I am finishing up Daylen's gallery, and had to share just one more image.  This was a sweet, unplanned moment, and I just love how this turned out.  In case you missed my post last night, "Simply Spring" mini-sessions are now available for booking for March 14, 15, & 16.  See link in comments.  <3 Renee Walston Photography, I'm very excited to announce that the "Simply Spring" mini-sessions are now available for booking!  My goal is to create timeless images of your children utilizing subtle spring and Easter themed props.  Please visit my website to reserve your spot today!  Link in comments., Excuse me for a minute while I get a little teary eyed!  Sweet Maggie came to visit me this morning for her one year old portraits and cake smash.  She was one of the very first newborns I photographed when I started my business last year, and I'm amazed to see how much she has grown!  We always laugh at how serious she is all the time, but I did manage to get a few smirks out of her with all my antics.  A big congrats to her family.  You survived your first year!  :), One of my very first newborn clients is about to celebrate her first birthday.  You know what that means?  It's cake smash time!  :), I've had an amazing day today, and I hope you have too!  I'm running a bit behind, so I'll be posting the details on the spring mini-sessions tomorrow afternoon.  To tide you over, here is one more image of beautiful Daylen.  I could tell she loved my princess crown from Kyleighs Creations, so we decided to play dress up like she was one of the princesses from "Frozen."  Too cute!  Hope you have a great night. <3 Renee Walston Photography, Hope you're having a great weekend!  I just finished blogging last week's gorgeous maternity session.  Hope you can come take a peek (link in comments).  

I used a one of my new wraps from Kyleighs Creations as a top in this maternity session, and then was able to use the same wrap in Alexis' newborn session.  I love the versatility!  Tieback in the photo by Little Lullaby Designs., Since I just heard about the foot of snow we're supposed to get on Monday, I thought it only appropriate to share this image of sweet Alexis.  Lots of images from her session are now up on the blog!  See link in comments.

Gorgeous headpiece by Bitty Beads.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Jack is pretty pumped to announce that details for Renee Walston Photography "Simply Spring" mini-sessions will be announced Sunday night at 9 PM EST.  :)

If you would like to receive an email with the details, please send me a note at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with the subject line "Simply Spring."  Have a great day!, How adorable is this family!  I'm finishing up the last few images in this gallery right now.  I just want to share all of them!  :)

On a scheduling note, there must have been something in the water around here in September last year.  My May calendar is almost full for newborns!  If you are interested in newborn photographs, the best time to secure your session is before baby is born.  Email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information on how to reserve your spot today., Welcome new fans!  So glad to have you here.  Next month will mark one year in business for me.  I get asked several times a week if I've ever done any mentoring.  The answer is YES!  I had an amazing experience with Mary at Pebbles and Polka Dots Photography when I was first getting started, and I've finally taken the time to blog about my experience.  Hope you can come check it out!  See link to post in comments., Just finished up editing this beautiful baby bump!  This gallery is a surprise for her hubby, so I won't be showing you her gorgeous face.  I am currently booking sessions into the fall, so please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to hold your spot today.  <3 Renee Walston Photography, Waiting on a few sweet babies to be born, so today's agenda includes editing, emails, laundry, and finishing up my taxes.  It's a glamorous life!  Anyone doing something fun today?  :), Can you say adorable?!?  Handsome little Jack came in this afternoon for his spring mini session.  At eight months old, he looked amazingly cute in my bunny hat and just couldn't get enough of my Easter eggs.  I'll be posting details within the next few days for how you can book a session like this for your little loves., Getting ready to welcome an adorable eight month old for his spring pictures!  Sneak peeks coming tonight.  :), Good morning!  I'm getting ready for a busy day ahead, but I wanted to pop in to ask a favor from you.  I've recently started a Google+ page and would love for you to come check it out.  If you like what you see, could you give my page a +1?  Thank you so much!  Link in comments., Beautiful Daylen (4 years old) came to visit me this afternoon.  She was so full of personality and was a natural in front of the camera.  I love how she would practically pose herself and came up with all kinds of ideas on how to use the props.  These are just a few of the set-ups that will be available in the spring/Easter mini-sessions coming up later this month.  Details will be released very soon., Gorgeous Alexis came to the studio this morning to help me out with a special modeling project.  LOVE this new crown by Kyleighs Creations.  She has tons of beautiful crowns, headbands, and newborn bracelets in her shop.  Definitely worth checking out!, Here's what I'm doing right now.  Quick back of camera shot while this sweet girl takes a quick lunch break.  I love my job!  What are you up to?, Good morning!  I'm looking forward to a visit from my parents today...and hopefully, some warm weather.  Beautiful little Madeline's seven month milestone session is up on the blog this morning.  I hope you can come take a peek.  She is SO cute!  See link in comments.  Have an amazing day!

Headband by Pooks and Lulu.  Bird bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., I'm having so much fun working on sweet Alexis' gallery.  Just had to share one more with you!  I still have a few spots open for March newborns.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information or to reserve your spot today.  The best time to book your newborn session is during the second trimester.  <3 Renee Walston Photography, I had a wonderful time this afternoon getting to know this gorgeous momma-to-be.  I had the honor of capturing her niece's newborn images in the fall, and I can't wait to meet her baby boy next month.  I hope you enjoy these sneak peeks from her session., I had the pleasure of working with a gorgeous momma-to-be this afternoon.  Here's a quick peek at her beautiful bump.  More to come tonight!

Gorgeous purple wrap by Swaddle Me Baby., Who else is ready for spring?!?  Popping in to let you know spring/Easter mini sessions are in the works.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to be notified when the details are available.  I'm off to get ready for a maternity session and will be returning emails and messages later tonight.  <3 Renee Walston Photography, I always enjoy my newborn sessions, but today's was extra special.  It was wonderful to photograph the sweet daughter of good friends.  Isn't she just gorgeous?!?  Little miss weighed in at just under seven pounds.  A big congratulations to this new family of four!, Good morning!  Here's a sneak peek from yesterday's maternity session - a gift to her husband.  :)  I have the heat cranked up in the studio in anticipation for this morning's newborn session.  Sneak peeks coming later today.  Have a great day!, I could not have asked for a better session to kick off my return from maternity leave.  Madeline is one of my "Watch Me Grow" babies and just gets cuter and cuter as she grows!, Happy Sunday!  I'm sitting here snuggling my baby girl and getting ready to watch Downton Abbey.  Tomorrow, I'll be welcoming sweet Madeline back to the studio for her "sitting up" milestone session.  Can't wait to see how much she's grown!  I'll also have a beautiful momma in for her maternity session in the afternoon.  It will be a great way to come back from my maternity leave.  <3 Renee Walston Photography, "Hey, girl!  You know you want to book a photo session with my mommy."  :)

Love this image of my 5 year old from an impromptu photo session the other day.  Hope you have a happy Valentine's Day.  Make sure to snap a photo of your cutie pies as I'm working up a little contest.  Details will be announced tomorrow.  <3  Renee Walston Photography, I'm getting excited to return from maternity leave next week.  Lots of fun new props have been arriving!  Here's a quick iPhone photo sneak peek for you.  These are for 6-12 month olds.  What are you up to on this cold, rainy day?, I can't believe it's almost Valentine's Day!  Thought this would be a good time to share this sweet image of my baby girl taken at 1 week old.  Love this little set from my dear friend Heather at Woolywishes.

My schedule is quickly filling up for the next few months.  If you're interested in some beautiful images of your own newborn, please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information., Hello!  Thought I would pass this along to all of my mommy fans.  Graco just announced a recall on many of their toddler car seats.  Here's the info on the models that require replacement parts.  It seems the best way to reach them right now is through email at consumerservices@gracobaby.com.

http://www.gracobaby.com/safetyandrecall/pages/safetyandrecallarticle.aspx?recallID=41&page=SafetyAndRecall, Hope everyone has stayed warm today!  I have another image of my sweet baby to share with you.  One of my goals this year is to continue to push myself to use my props in new and creative ways.  I love how this basket shot turned out!  I am looking forward to meeting all your sweet babies this year and am currently booking clients for March 2014 and beyond.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information or to reserve your session today!

Tieback by Little Lullaby Designs.  Wrap by lilian.grace.  Felted layer by milkmoney., Thought I would share a little comparison photo with you this morning.  I'm amazed at how much my sweet girl has grown in just a few days.  It's so important to reserve your newborn session in your second trimester so we can get you into the studio within the first two weeks of life.  Babies are so much sleepier and "smooshier" during that time frame.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information today!  <3 Renee Walston Photography

Backdrops by Roses and Ruffles.  Top skirt set by No. 2 Willow Lane.  Bottom set by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Thank you so much for all of your wonderful feedback on the photos of my little girl over the last few days.  It means the world to me!  Many people have been emailing about the green blanket/basket stuffer in the last two photos.  It's actually a throw pillow from Target.  I cut along the back seam and removed the stuffing so it could be used as a mini-blanket.  It looks like they're selling it online (link in comments), but I was able to get mine for about $10 less in store.  Hope you have a great night!  :), Welcome new fans!  So glad to have you here.  I have another image of my sweet little girl to share with you tonight.  Can you tell I'm having fun?  :)  I am taking reservations for newborns with late February due dates and beyond.  Maternity and baby milestone sessions are also available.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to secure your spot today!

Romper by LoveByCC.  Headband by Sew Whimsey.  Bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}.  Pink layer by milkmoney., Popping in to say hello, and it's so wonderful to see so many new fans here.  Here is my sweet girl at 17 days old today.  We are so in love with her, and I'm enjoying my maternity leave.  I will be responding to emails and messages throughout the day tomorrow.

I am currently accepting newborns with due dates in the end of February and beyond.  Baby milestone and indoor toddler/child sessions are also available.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information or to reserve your session today!  :)

Headband by Sew Whimsey.  Wrap by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., Sorry I have been so quiet lately, but I am simply having too much fun with my own little squishy newborn!  :)  I am so thankful to have had so many inquiries and bookings over the last week.  I have two spots open in late February for newborns and am also taking reservations through July.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information.  The best time to book your session is early in the second trimester.  Have a great night!

Amazing skirt set by No. 2 Willow Lane.  Backdrop by my favorite - Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  We're gearing up for Addie's first AFC Championship game this afternoon.  Go Pats!  Will you be watching?  :)

Thank you so much to everyone who has been inquiring about sessions the last few days.  I have returned all emails and am filling spring slots quickly.  If you are interested in securing a session, please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com or send me a message here on Facebook.  The best time to book a newborn session is early in your second trimester., Hope you're having a great week so far!  I can hardly believe that my sweet girl will be one week old tomorrow.  I'm enjoying my baby snuggles.  :)  I will have all emails returned by tomorrow afternoon.  Thank you all so much for your patience and congratulations.  I'm very excited to get back into the swing of things soon!, Currently on maternity leave through the end of February 2014 so I can snuggle with my sweet baby girl.  Of course, there will be lots of pictures!  :), Currently on maternity leave through the end of February 2014 so I can snuggle with my sweet baby girl.  Of course, there will be lots of pictures!  :), null, I'm very happy to announce that Adeline Ruth joined our family this morning.  Here's a quick iPhone, smooshy pic of her.  Can't wait to share more pics with you soon!  As you can imagine, I will be a little slow answering emails over the next few days.  :), Good morning, and welcome new fans!  I'm working away today on emails since I'm still waiting for baby girl to make her appearance.  If you had a newborn session with me last year and inquired about a baby plan after your session, watch your inbox for information about securing your session. <3  Renee Walston Photography, Doll.  Baby!  Now that the Christmas cards have been delivered, I can share some more images with you of gorgeous Miss Maggie.  I just loved her serious little faces and big, beautiful eyes.  See link in comments to view her blog post., Gorgeous baby Jada is up on the blog this afternoon!  She's the beautiful little girl that was in this equally gorgeous belly.  I'm glad we had the opportunity to incorporate the same wrap we used in mom's maternity session into this photo.  See link in comments to view more images from her session.

Fabric by Roses and Ruffles.  Wrap by JD Vintage Props.  Bonnet by Stitches By Sarah., Hope you were able to stay warm today!  I braved the cold for a few minutes so my hubby could help me take what I hope will be my last maternity photo.  LOVE this banner by Cardboard Sheek.  I'll be working on some website updates over the course of my maternity leave and would love to add a reviews section.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com with a few lines about your experience if you'd like to be included.  Thank you in advance, and I hope to announce baby's arrival very soon!, Yikes!  Guess they were a little off on the forecast of 10-12"!  :), Hope everyone is staying warm!  I'm working to finish some props for my baby's first photo shoot while the hubs is out snow blowing (just incase she decides to come tonight!).  What are you up to tonight?, Hope you've had a fantastic first day of 2014!  I'm working on the last few images of sweet Jada's gallery right now.  Isn't she just precious?!?

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  One of my favorite headpieces by Pooks and Lulu., Happy New Year's Eve!  Since it doesn't look like my baby girl will be making an appearance in 2013, I'd thought I'd share this recap of all my newborns from this year.  I feel so blessed to have captured these 35 special little lives, and I look forward to seeing what 2014 will bring.  Thank you so much to all those who have helped support me as I've worked to build my passion into a business this year!  :), Introducing GORGEOUS Jada at just over seven pounds!  It was so much fun getting to know her this morning.  I photographed her mother's maternity session, and it was so neat to finally meet the baby that was in the bump.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!, Good morning!  My baby is staying put, so I'm happy to welcome one more newborn into the studio before my maternity leave begins.  Can't wait to snuggle a sweet girl this morning!, Merry Christmas!  <3, Beautiful Olivia's session is up on the blog!  Hope you can check out the link in the comments for more images from her session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headband by Sew Whimsey.  Wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., One more from today...

Cousins <3, I was able to squeeze in a quick family session for some dear friends of ours.  Who can beat snow on the ground and 50+ degree weather?  Here's one of the outtakes that just had me smiling!  :), We had a great time as a family last week taking part in one of our annual Christmas traditions - painting ornaments at Claychick.  They're located in the industrial park (Camelot Dr.) behind the Shops at Five in Plymouth.  Today you can buy three ornaments and get one free AND have them ready for pickup on Dec. 24.  Hurry on over and paint yours today!  :)

What are some of your favorite Christmas/Holiday traditions?, Connor's handsome face is up on the blog tonight!  Click on the link in the comments to view more images from his session.  For those that are new to my page, I'm now accepting reservations for newborn sessions for due dates Feb. 15, 2014 and beyond.  Email me at reneewalstonphotograpy@gmail.com for more info!

Hat by Harbor Knits.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Hello, Olivia!  I'm finishing up this precious girl's gallery right now.  Hope you're having a great day, and I'll be back tonight with some newborn goodness on the blog.  :)

Backdrop and wrap by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Finishing up editing sweet Connor's images, and I keep saying to myself - "Oh, I LOVE this one!"  This one just might be one of my favorites I've ever taken, so I just had to share.  There's something incredibly peaceful about his expression, and his profile is just gorgeous.

Hat by Harbor Knits., Beautiful little Sophia is making her appearance on the blog today!  See link in comments to view more images from her session.  Editing all the photos of all these baby girls is making me SO excited to meet my own princess!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Hat by Sew Whimsey., Gorgeous baby Henley is up on the blog tonight.  You can click on the link in the comments for more images from her session.

Flokati rug and stretch wrap from Bumble Bee-Knees.  Tieback from No. 2 Willow Lane., Hope you've had a great day!  Working away tonight on beautiful Henley's gallery.  I just couldn't resist sharing this image of her sweet face.  <3

Backdrop by Modern Rag Quilts., Precious Scarlett is making her appearance on the blog this afternoon.  Hope you can pop on over to see several of my favorite images from her session.  See link in comments.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headband by Sew Whimsey.  Wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., I think Baby Andrew is loved just a smidge by his daddy!  <3

Head on over to the blog to see more images from his session.  See link in the comments.

Stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Handsome Nik's session is up on the blog!  I hope you can come take a peek at my favorite images from his session.  See link in comments.  More newborn goodness coming up later tonight!  :)

Hat by Harbor Knits., Editing away like a crazy woman tonight!  Just had to pop in to share one more peek of Connor from this morning.  Beyond precious!  Thank you so much to everyone who has "liked" and left sweet comments on my page over the last few days.  It means so much to me and the parents of these beautiful babies.

Seriously in love with this bonnet and mini-blanket from Adorable Props.  Backdrop by my fav - Roses and Ruffles., All I have to say is that I better look like this six days after giving birth.  GORGEOUS mommy with baby Connor!  <3, Meet Connor - {6 days new}!  He was such a cute and funny little peanut and did amazingly well during his session...once his tummy was nice and full.  I really enjoyed getting to know his mom, dad, and grandmother and am so happy for them.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Amazing hat by Little Lullaby Designs (trust me, you need this hat)., Good morning!  Getting ready for a sweet baby boy to arrive in a few minutes.  It's so strange to think this could be my last newborn session before my baby girl arrives.  Hope your day is awesome, and I'll have some sneak peeks to share soon!  :), One more of gorgeous Olivia!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headband by Bumble Bee-Knees., Meet beautiful Olivia!  She's a bit older than my typical newborns at 6 1/2 weeks but still did an amazing job during her session.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Little Lullaby Designs., "Sometimes the smallest things take up the biggest room in your heart."  <3

Flokati by Bumble Bee-Knees.  Headband by Pooks and Lulu.  Wrap by JD Vintage Props., Meet Sophia!  She came to see me this morning at six days new and just about 7 1/2 pounds.  So happy for this new family of three!  This beautiful quilt was made by her grandmother, and I loved that we were able to incorporate it into her session.

Headband by Sew Whimsey., Why is Mason smiling?  He's seen all the beautiful girls that have been in the studio the last few days!  Good news, buddy.  Two more are coming in today.  :)  Hope you can come check out some of my favorites from his session up on the blog.  See link in comments to view more photos.

Backdrop by my favorite - Roses and Ruffles.  Stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., And now you know why Henley is so beautiful.  :), I just got home from a wonderful surprise baby shower and just couldn't wait to get a few more images of sweet Henley up for her family to see.  She is just too precious!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Bonnet by No. 2 Willow Lane., Introducing Henley!  Four days new and seven and half pounds of pure perfection.  She was such a little doll baby.  A big congrats to this new family of three!

Bonnet by Pooks and Lulu.  Backdrop by Modern Rag Quilts., Getting ready to welcome a sweet newborn girl into the studio in a few minutes.  The first of four newborns in the next three days.  Get ready for lots of baby goodness coming your way!  :), Hope you've had a wonderful day!  I enjoyed spending some much needed time with my kiddos this morning decorating gingerbread houses with our friends.  Back to editing, and I just had to share this image of Scarlett.  She is such a gorgeous little girl, and looking at her makes me so excited to meet my baby soon.  I seriously considered keeping her!  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Beautiful bonnet by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., One more of gorgeous Scarlett.  Such a precious little girl!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Sew Whimsey., Meet gorgeous Miss Scarlett - {7 days new}!  She did such a great job during her session.  Don't you just love her precious little cheeks?!?

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Fascinator by Shoot Babe., Oh, Andrew!  You are just too handsome for such a little guy!  I'm in love with the simplicity of this image.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Ding!  Another beautiful girl has made her entrance into the world.  Can't wait to meet her in a few days!  Just a quick update - I'm working hard to get images edited and out to you during this very busy season.  As a result, my email/FB message response time is close 2 days right now for non-urgent requests.  I should be all caught up by tonight, so please let me know if you don't hear from me by tomorrow morning.  Thank you so, so much for all your support!  :), Andrew has a nautical themed nursery, so I put together this banner for him.  The nautical flags each represent a letter that spells out his name.  Special thanks to my hubby for finding this awesome boat prop for me., Meet Andrew - {8 days new}!  I affectionately nicknamed him "string bean" as he was just under 7 pounds and over 21" long.  He's going to be one very tall guy soon!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Bonnet and pant set by What's Knot to Love., Sweet and spunky little Charlotte is up on the blog!  See the link in the comments to view more images from her session.  I'm looking forward to welcoming a sweet newborn boy into the studio this afternoon.  Sneak peeks later today.  :)

Bonnet by No. 2 Willow Lane., Hope you've had a wonderful day!  Working away on this little princess' gallery tonight.  Isn't she just precious?  I'm so thankful for each and every one of you that trust me to capture your baby's first images.  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by No. 2 Willow Lane.  Lace wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Swim lessons and play date for my boys this morning, then editing and prepping for tomorrow's newborn session.  In case you haven't realized it, I'm a HUGE fan of the Christmas season.  :)  I wanted to share this image of baby Nik from last week.  This hat and blanket were made by one of his aunts, and holds lots of sentimental value to the family.  I love being able to incorporate special items into each session.  Hope you have a wonderful day!, Here's one more of sweet Mason before I call it a night!  For anyone who may be interested, I am booking newborns with due dates from mid-February to July 2014.  Yes, I have newborns already scheduled for July!  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info or to reserve your session.  

Love this bonnet and mini-blanket set from Adorable Props., Several of Mason's family members have been lobstermen, and it was so much fun working with his mom to create this set-up.  Isn't this hat she brought it just adorable?!?

Knotted mustard wrap by Bean Bailey.  Flokati rug and stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Meet Mason - {7 days new}!  He was a tiny little guy at just over seven pounds but was one of the strongest babies I've ever met.  I am in love with his hair.  Reminds me of my oldest son when he was a newborn.  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Getting the studio ready for a sweet baby boy in a few hours!  I know there are tons of Cyber Monday sales today, but I wanted to share this with any of my moms-to-be that are considering cloth diapering.  I found this AMAZING deal this morning on Bumgenius Elemental Organic All-In-Ones.  It breaks down to just over $18 per diaper, and they last from newborn all the way through potty training.  Can't wait for mine to arrive!  See link in comment for more info., null, Looking forward to a fun filled week of newborn sessions after enjoying a few days off for Thanksgiving.  Hope you all had a wonderful weekend too, and I'd love for you to come check out Baby Mia's session on the blog.   More images can be viewed by clicking on the link in the comments.

LOVE my new bonnet by Cream of the Prop!, Drumroll please! And the winner of the $150 gift certificate is Rachel Matzdorff! Thank you so much to everyone who participated. I really enjoyed reading your responses and truly appreciate your support of my business. Rachel - please contact me within 24 hours at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to claim your prize., Five hours before the giveaway ends!  See post at the top of my page for details and to enter to win a $150 gift certificate.  Winner will be drawn at 10 PM EST tonight.  :), So...this crazy pregnant mama fell asleep last night before 10 PM when the giveaway ended.  :)  I'm going to go ahead and extend it to tonight at 10 PM EST giving you all another chance to enter.  Click on the post below for more details!, Happy Thanksgiving, and I hope you've had a wonderful day!  Make sure to check out the post pinned to the top of my page for your chance to win a $150 gift certificate.  Winner will be drawn tomorrow night, and you may enter once per day., **GIVEAWAY!**  On this Thanksgiving Eve, I wanted to share how truly thankful I am for each and every one of my clients that has helped make my first year in business so successful.  Today, I photographed my 30th newborn and realized that I passed 500 Facebook fans - all since April.  Thank you so, so much for your support!  I will be giving away a $150 gift certificate to one lucky fan.  Here's how to enter.

1.  "Like" my Facebook page
2.  "Like" this status
3.  Comment below with one thing you are thankful for
4.  Feel free to share this status, but it is not required.

Fine Print:  Giveaway will run from today until 10 PM EST on Friday, 11/29/13.  You may comment once per day.  Feel free to invite your friends and family to enter for you as well.  This giveaway is in no way sponsored or endorsed by Facebook., Here's one more of sweet Nik.  I just can't get enough of his pouty lips!

Absolutely love my new beanie from Little Lullaby Designs.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Meet Nik!  At 4 days new and just over 9 pounds, he was an absolute rock star in his session this morning.  He didn't pee or poo on me once.  Give that boy a gold star!  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Hat and wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Looking forward to some baby snuggles this morning with a sweet newborn boy!  It's pouring rain outside here right now.  Anyone else experiencing crazy weather today?, Welcome new fans!  SO glad to have you here.  Gorgeous baby Alessandra is up on the blog tonight!  Click on the link in comments to view lots of images from her session.  Stay tuned tomorrow for a special gift certificate giveaway.  :), Hope you've had a great day!  I just couldn't resist sharing another one of sweet Charlotte from yesterday.  I'm happy to announce another RWP baby has made his arrival.  It will be fun to have a baby boy in the studio in a few days after this string of gorgeous girls.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., One more of beautiful Charlotte!  <3

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Little Lullaby Designs.  Felted wrap by milkmoney., Meet Charlotte - {7 days young}!  She weighs just under six pounds, but don't let that tiny size fool you.  She was strong and feisty, but in the end we got some amazing images.  Love this one of her safe in daddy's hands.  He's one of our local firefighting heroes.

Tieback by Harbor Knits., It may be freezing outside, but it's getting toasty in the studio!  Another beautiful newborn girl is coming to see me this morning.  :), It's the weekend!  Anyone venturing down to the parade today?  This beautiful family's session is up on the blog.  Click on the link in the comments to view more images from their session., I know Thanksgiving is next week, but I am ready for Christmas now!  Miss Mia is just a little piece of perfection.  Don't you agree?  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headpiece by Luneberry., Miss Mia is such a beautiful little princess!  <3

Bucket stuffer by Avonli Cottage.  Headpiece by Pooks and Lulu., How about another one of gorgeous Mia?  Working on all these images is making even more excited to meet my sweet girl in a few weeks!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Romper and tieback by Little Lullaby Designs., Meet Mia!  At six days new, she was such the little cuddle bug and did such an amazing job during her session.  A big congratulations to this new family of three!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles, felted layer by milkmoney, and tieback by Harbor Knits., Getting ready for another sweet girl in the studio this afternoon!  I'm reposting this image since Facebook was acting up last night and only showed it to 2 people.  GAH!  Here's one more of beautiful Alessandra. She absolutely loved being curled up in this pose! In case you missed them yesterday, scroll down my page for a few more sneak peeks from this beauty's session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headwrap by milkmoney., Another sneak peek from a recent family session that I've been editing.  These two are so in love and asked if we could do a "fun shot" at the end of the session.  I was very happy to oblige - especially with that sun flare!  :), Another gorgeous expectant mother is up on the blog tonight!  I can't wait to meet her baby boy who is due to arrive very soon.  See link in the comments for more images from her session., One more of sweet Alessandra!  She has a fuchsia nursery, and I was so happy we were able to get this beautiful image.  She is such a beautiful little peanut.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  GORGEOUS bonnet by Pooks and Lulu., Mommy's little angel!  <3

I had so much fun snuggling with Alessandra for part two of her newborn session this morning.  Isn't she adorable in this set her mommy brought in for her?!?, It's getting toasty in the studio!  A sweet baby girl is on her way.  I'll be taking time this afternoon to send out galleries, answer emails and messages, and edit some more sneak peeks.  Thank you so much for keeping me so busy!  :), Oh, Miss Maggie!  I agree that you are the best Christmas gift ever.  It was so much fun to spend time with this sweet peanut this morning.  She was the fourth newborn I ever photographed and is now eight months old.  :)

Light overlay by Living Dreams Photography., Meet beautiful Alessandra at 11 days new!  She looked so sweet with this little crown mommy brought in for her.  Congratulations to this family of four!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Guess who's up on the blog!  Sweet baby Landon.  I'm really in love with the perspective of this image.  Baby rolls are my favorite!  See link in comment for more images from his session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., One more sneak peek before I call it a night!  How about a little mommy - daughter love for you?  :), Despite the cold, I had an wonderful time with the Viana's this afternoon.  Aren't these little girls adorable?!?  Their puppy, Muffin, even got in on a few of the family images.  :), Gorgeous Emilia is up on the blog!  Follow the link in the comments to see all the images from her mini-session.  I'm heading out to my last outdoor family session of the year.  Send warm thoughts our way!  :)

Tieback & Bloomer Set by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., The baby boom is officially on for November!  My email has been lighting up with emails announcing births.  Can't wait to meet all these sweet babies over the next few weeks!  I'm currently booking due dates from February-June 2014.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info.  :), Adorable Miss Emilia {5 Months} came to visit me this weekend for some Christmas photos.  Isn't she absolutely precious?!?  I'm also in love with this headband her mommy made for her.  Too cute!, Good Morning!  Just wanted to pass a little money saving tip along to all my South Shore mommy followers today.  The Children's Clothesline is having their half price sale from 9-12 this morning in Hanover at the Cardinal Cushing gymnasium.   I went to the half price sale last night and snagged 14 outfits for my baby girl for $19.  Some were new with tags!  There was TONS of stuff left, so I'm sure today will be just as awesome., Guess who's coming to see me today?  Can't wait to see how much she has grown since her newborn session about 5 months ago!  Hope you have a fantastic Saturday with your families., Happy Friday!  This beautiful girl along with her family are up on the blog.  Hope you can check out the link in the comments to see my favorite images from their session.  Also, check out my last post to see a beautiful newborn girl.  Facebook was acting strange last night and didn't share our posts properly.  :), I know we're still in November, but I'm SO excited for the Christmas season!  I always try to work in a holiday themed image to every session, and I just love this one of sweet girl.  Isn't she just precious?

Hat by Sew Whimsey.  Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Baby girl did get some shut eye during our session too!  Love how tiny and comfy she looks in this image.

Backdrop and wrap by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Harbor Knits., Meet my beautiful client from today - {11 Days New}!  She was such an adorable little peanut, and I had a great time getting to know her today.  She is SO loved by everyone in her family.  A big congrats to this family of five!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Bonnet by Stitches By Sarah., It's baby season here at Renee Walston Photography!  Newborns are arriving left and right, and I can't wait to meet a sweet little princess this afternoon.  In the meantime, I hope you enjoy this adorable smile by Landon.  :)

Interested in securing a newborn session?  I'm now booking from mid-February to June 2014.  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information.  The best time to book is by your second trimester., Working on this beautiful family's session tonight, and I just busted out laughing at this one.  :)  Sometimes you just have to get kids to make funny faces in order to get them to smile naturally in the next frame.  Mom and Dad were superstars holding their expressions while I worked on the kids!, I kid you not - she did this all on her own!  Mom and I were cracking up as she started striking this pose the minute I picked up my camera.  Too cute!  I LOVE photographing babies in the 6-8 month range; so much personality.

Amazing tieback by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., Another beautiful baby bump is up on the blog!  See link in comments to preview some more images of this gorgeous mom-to-be.  Hope you have a great day!  I'm gearing up for another maternity session this afternoon.  Hope the weather warms up just a bit.  :), Hope you've had a fantastic day!  Our family had a great time hosting our friends from TN this weekend, including their ADORABLE little girl.  I just couldn't resist snapping some photos of her.  I'm working hard to reply to all emails and messages by tomorrow morning.  :)

Awesome bloomers and leggies by LoveByCC., I couldn't let the day pass without sharing this sweet little pumpkin with you too!  :)

Hat, Wrap, & Flokati by Bumble Bee-Knees., Happy Halloween!  Have fun with your kiddos tonight.  I hope I can stay awake after staying up to watch the World Series victory.  Go Sox!  :), I think Braxton is excited to let you know his family session is up on the blog!  Make sure to check out the link in the comments to see more images.  :), Here's a close up of sweet baby Landon.  Isn't he just pure perfection?!?

Love this new hat by Little Lullaby Designs, backdrop by Roses and Ruffles, and stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Meet Landon {16 days new}!  He was such a little peanut at around 7 pounds and LOVED being swaddled.  A big congrats to this new family of three!

AMAZING hat by Little Lullaby Designs, backdrop by Roses and Ruffles, and stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Expecting blue!  This gorgeous mama's sessions is up on the blog.  Can't wait to meet their little man in a few weeks.  Please see link in comments to view more images.

I'm off to prep for a sweet newborn boy in the studio this afternoon.  Hope you have a great day!, Another cutie patootie up on the blog tonight!  Come check out Jack's 18 month session.  See link in comments to view more pictures., Hunter is hoping that the Red Sox can get their act together. Let's go boys!, <3, Good morning!  You can definitely see why the kiddos I posted last night are so gorgeous.  Meet their parents!  I had such a blast working with this family yesterday.  They were troopers despite the 45 degree weather!  :), I know it's super late, but I just had to share these beautiful children with you.  Don't they all have the most amazing eyes?  I didn't do anything to them in Photoshop.  Absolutely stunning!, Just finished up an amazing family session.  Such a beautiful family both inside and out.  Can't wait to upload the images tonight!  Sneak peeks coming soon.  :), Welcome new fans!  So happy to have you here.  Just a few quick updates before the day gets crazy.

1.  Christmas mini-sessions are now available!  See link in comments to reserve your slot today.
2.  Galleries shipping by Monday - Lyle Family, Taylor Family, Moje Maternity Session, and Greenwood Maternity session.  Watch your mailboxes!
3.  Last but not least, I have one more opening for a November newborn session.  Feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for details., Good morning!  Did you see the post last night about the kids Christmas mini-sessions?  Check out the link in the comments  to reserve your spot today.  I'll be spending the day getting ready for my own maternity session tomorrow, editing like a crazy woman, and of course cheering on the Sox tonight.  Hope you have a great day!, They're here!  Kids only Christmas mini-sessions will be held on Nov. 8-9.  Please click on the link in the comments to reserve your time slot.  Includes 3-5 full-size, edited images with printing rights.  Please feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com or message me on this page with any questions!, Good morning!  Hope you had a great weekend.  I've been working like a crazy woman behind the scenes, so it's been a little quiet on my page.  Stay tuned for an announcement later today!, Sometimes the unscripted moments are some of my favorites in each session.  :)

Just a quick schedule update:
- Nov. 2013:  2 Openings for Newborns
- Christmas Mini-Sessions: Dates announced by Monday
- Dec. - Feb. 15, 2014: Maternity Leave 
- Feb.- May 2014:  Accepting bookings *Please note it is best to book newborn sessions as soon as possible as I am already reserving into May*

Have a great night!, I'm a big believer that as parents we need to make sure we have some pictures with just our spouse.  Love these two!, Here's a little newborn goodness for you to wrap up the weekend!  My favorite images from Miss Mia's session are on the blog.  Click on the link in the comments to see all the images.

Nesting Fluff - Avonli Cottage
Bonnet - SweetPeaToad
Flokati - Bumble Bee-Knees, Now you can see why the kiddos are so cute!  Mom and Dad are such a sweet couple.  Love this new location, and can't wait to go back soon! {Click on photo for better quality.}, Another amazing family session this afternoon that wrapped up just as it started raining.  I can't get enough of these two kiddos!  Adorable beyond words! {Click on picture for better quality}, Hope you're having a wonderful weekend!  Here's a quick sneak peek of my family session this morning.  They were such a sweet family, and little man loved exploring the property with me.  Keep you fingers crossed that the rain holds off for my afternoon session!  :), Purity <3, null, Happy Friday!  Thank you so much to everyone for your kind comments on the photos posted over the last few days!  Busy season continues with another maternity session this afternoon.  Sneak peeks later tonight., "I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers." - Anne of Green Gables, null, I had a blast tonight with this sweet family taking pics of their 18 month old and squeezing in a few family pics.  What do you do when Jack doesn't want to be in the picture?  Flip him upside down, of course!  Instant smiles!  :), null, Beautiful in blue...  <3, Finished up a wonderful maternity session!  I can hardly wait to download the images, but this pregnant lady needs to eat first.  Sneak peeks coming soon!, Excited for a maternity session with a beautiful mommy to be this afternoon.  Looks like the weather is going to cooperate, so hopefully I'll have some sneak peeks to share with you later today.  Fall is in the air!, I'm so close to finishing up Miss Mia's gallery!  I know mom was really excited about this image, so I thought I'd share with you.  :)

**PLEASE NOTE - This is a composite image.  Baby was never hanging.  There were three adults involved, and there were always hands on her.  I then put three different images together in Photoshop to create the final look.  Safety first!**, Rain, rain go away!  I've already rescheduled several sessions that were supposed to happen over the last few days.  Stay dry everyone! :), As promised, here's a little sneak peek at the location for the fall mini-sessions.  There are still a few spots left for those that may be interested.  Link to more information can be found in the comments., Hope you've had a great day!  Did you see the picture of gorgeous Mia I posted earlier today?  I have secured a beautiful location on private property for the fall mini-session and will have some preview photos to share tomorrow.  See link in comments if you're interested in reserving a time slot.

Also, my props for the kids only, Christmas mini sessions arrived today.  I'll be posting the dates and sign-ups next week.  :), I've been working away on Miss Mia's gallery today, and couldn't resist sharing another sweet photo of her!  

This headpiece was made by one of my very dear friends - Sarah at Stitches By Sarah.  For all my fellow photographer friends, you should definitely go check out her work.  :), Guess who's up on the blog?  The handsome Jameson and Sheamus!  Check out the link in the comments for more of my favorite images from their session., I've had a wonderful weekend enjoying the beautiful weather with my family.  Did you do anything fun around town?  I've also been an editing machine, and just had to share this image of beautiful Mia.  I can't get over her perfect cheeks and pouty lips!

LOVE my new headband by Pooks and Lulu and this gorgeous backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Another gorgeous smile by sweet Mia!  She just kept flashing them left and right.  I seriously wanted to keep her!  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Prop Me Up Prop Shop., You know it's going to be a good session when you get this in the first frame!  :)  Meet beautiful Mia {9 days young}.  Congrats to this new family of three!

Flokati by Bumble Bee-Knees.
Headband by Knitz.
Wrap by JD Vintage Props., I thought it would be fun to show you a little behind the scenes iPhone photo of what goes into a custom newborn session with me.  At the time of booking, I send all my clients a questionnaire to help determine their style preferences.  Then, I carefully select props and backdrops in coordinating colors and textures to help that vision come to life.  Besides snuggling the sweet babies, this part of the process is one of my favorite parts if the job.  Can't wait to meet a sweet girl in a few hours!

If you're interested in reserving a newborn session in Oct. Or Nov., please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.  I'm also taking reservations for late Feb. 2014 and beyond., Getting ready to welcome a sweet newborn girl tomorrow!  I've had a busy day behind the scenes, so I'm a little delayed in answering emails.  I should have responses out to everyone by tomorrow morning.  Also, make sure to check out the fall family mini-sessions.  See post pinned to the top of my page.  Have a great night!  :), Today's weather really made it feel like fall!  I'm looking forward to the family mini-sessions in a few weeks, and have put them on sale for the next 48 hours.  See link in comments to reserve your spot today!, Popping in quickly to let you know that I have decided to offer a flash sale on fall family mini-sessions for the next 48 hours!  Head on over to my reservation site to select your time slot today.  Only $100 ($25 off) for 4-6 digital images with printing rights!  See link to purchase in the comments., Hope you've had a great day!  I'm getting ready to call it a night but just had to share this adorable video of a daddy trying to calm his daughter down when she became afraid of fireworks.  Hope this makes you smile tonight!  :)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bpu0TIXzI1w, Princess Madeline is up on the blog!  Head on over to see some of my favorite images from her session.  See link in comments.

Also, see the post pinned to the top of my page for more information on how to schedule a fall family mini-session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headband and wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., Sweet Skylar's blog post is up and available for viewing.  Click on the link in the comments to see some of my favorites from her session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  Did you enjoy your first official weekend of fall?  In case you missed my post over the weekend, fall family mini-sessions are now available for booking.  See link in the comments.  Stay tuned later today for lots of baby cuteness!  Sweet Skylar's blog post will be up later today followed by Baby Madeline., Hope you're having a fantastic weekend!  Fall family mini-session bookings are now available.  See link in comments to reserve your session today!  Looking for a full fall family session?  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Happy Friday!  I'll be releasing fall family mini-session dates and times later today.  If you want first dibs, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to be included on the VIP email list.  Remaining slots will be posted right here on my page tomorrow morning.  :), Why does Alazar look so excited?  His session is up on the blog!  I would love for you to come take a peek, and the link to more photos can be found in the comments.  Have a great night!  :), Working away on Alazar's gallery, and I just had to share one more from his session.  I was just drawn to this image in black and white.  You can really see they love and happiness in their little family.

I'm hoping to have dates for fall family mini sessions and Christmas children only mini sessions finalized by the end of this week.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to be added to the VIP list for first dibs on time slots.  :), Hope you've had a great day!  I've completed a major update on the website.  I'd love for you to check it out and let me know what you think.  This image of gorgeous Skylar is one of the new additions.  See link in comments., I'll be doing some website maintenance this afternoon, so the site will be down for a few hours.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you need any information about sessions or pricing.  :), null, Look who's sitting up now!  Sweet Alazar came back to see me at the end of last week so we could capture this very special milestone.  Isn't he just too cute for words?!?, Here's a sneak peek at part of the set-up for the Kids Only Christmas Mini-Sessions!  More details coming soon.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you would like to be added to the email list for first pick at dates/times., Hello Thing 1 & Thing 2!  Sheamus and Jameson's mommy had this special set made just for them, but it didn't arrive in time for our session last week.  It was so nice to see them again this morning.

Just a reminder that I will be releasing fall family and Christmas kids only mini-session dates later this week.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com if you want first dibs at the dates before they are released to the public.  :), Good morning!  The sweet twins are coming back into the studio this morning for a few more photos.  What a great way to start the week!  Just a quick update, I do have outdoor fall family and indoor, Christmas kids only mini-sessions in the works.  Details will be announced very soon.  If you want to be on the email list for first dibs on time slots, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., I think Jameson is happy the weekend is here, don't you agree?  :), Hope you've had a great day! Doesn't Madeline look like such a beautiful little princess in this image? 

Thank you so much to everyone who has inquired about sessions today. See post at the top of my page for current availability. I am working on fall family mini-sessions and will post details very soon. If you'd like to be notified when the schedule is available, please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Good morning!  Just a quick update.  For those of you who don't know, I'm expecting a baby girl in January so I have limited availability the rest of the year.  I still have a few sessions available in Sept, Oct, and Nov.  December is booked.  Spots will become available again in February.  Please contact me as soon as possible to reserve your session at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.  

The best time to reserve your newborn session is in the second trimester!  I pencil you in on your due date and finalize your appt. once baby arrives., Sweet and smiley Hunter is up on the blog!  I'd love for you to come take a peek at my favorites from his session.  See link in comments for more photos., Sorry for so many posts today, but how could I resist posting this ADORABLE image of Jameson and Sheamus?!?  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Hat and shorts by Harbor Knits., One last sneak peek before I start making dinner.  This is beautiful Skylar from yesterday's morning session.  She is such a little doll baby!

Wrap by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}.  Tieback by Harbor Knits., Meet Jameson & Sheamus - {5 weeks young}!  These two little guys were so much fun this morning.  SO many great images, and Jameson kept flashing me smiles left and right.  Jameson is just over a pound bigger than his brother.  It was such a pleasure to meet this new family of four!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  I'm looking forward to twice the fun this morning.  Twin newborn boys on the way to the studio.  Hope you have an amazing day!  :), So, I at the end of her session I told sweet Madeline that I had twin boys coming into the studio in the morning.  This is what she did...   :)

I had so much fun with both girls that visited me today.  Feel free to scroll down the page to see some more sneak peeks of today's sessions., Welcome to the world, Madeline!  At 9 weeks and 2 days old, she is the oldest newborn I have photographed so far, and she did an amazing job.  Aren't her eyelashes amazing?

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Knitz., Meet Skylar {9 Days Young}!  Is she just beautiful?  She was such a little peanut at just about 6 pounds.  Can't wait to share more soon, but I'm off to get ready for baby girl #2 of the day.  Hope you have a great afternoon!

Tieback - No. 2 Willow Lane
Romper - Harbor Knits
Backdrop - Roses and Ruffles, A little behind the scenes sneak peek for you this morning courtesy of my iPhone!  Looking forward to meeting a precious baby girl in just a few minutes.  :), I hope you're having a wonderful Labor Day weekend!  I enjoyed spending a few days with family and friends, but I'm definitely looking forward to a busy week that kicks off tomorrow with two precious baby girls in the studio.  The "summer of boys" has officially ended!  :), Happy Friday!  It is absolutely beautiful here in Plymouth.  What fun things are you doing with your family this weekend?

A big congrats goes out to Angela Kristina for winning the $100 gift certificate!  Please contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to claim your prize!, Hey, you!  Yeah, I'm looking at you.  Did you know today is the last day to win a $100 gift certificate to Renee Walston Photography?  Check out the link in the comments to enter!

Just when you thought Alazar couldn't get any cuter...  :), Sweet baby Rowan is so happy that his blog post is up, that he wanted to share this sweet smile with you!  :)

See link in comments for more photos.  Family and friends, feel free to share on your pages.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Pants by Harbor Knits., After the summer of boys, I'm so excited to announce that one of my sweet newborn girls has arrived!  Can't wait to meet her soon and share some images with you.  In the mean time, I wanted to remind you to check out the giveaway posted to the top of my page.  Enter for your chance to win a $100 gift certificate!  :), Would you like to win a $100 gift certificate?  I'll be giving one away on Friday.  To enter to win, simply click on the photo below, share it on your page, and comment with your favorite thing about fall.  You may enter once per day through Thursday.  Winner will be drawn on Friday., One more for you before I call it a night.  Here's adorable Mr. Hunter.  I'm sure I'll be sleeping like a baby tonight, but I wouldn't trade my time with these sweet babies for anything!  :)

In case you missed it - check out the post pinned to the top of my page for your chance to win a $100 gift certificate., Just when I thought it might be impossible for Alazar to get any cuter, he does this!  He was looking right at me while babbling away.  Beyond precious!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., null, Meet Hunter - {19 Days New}!  I couldn't wait to get this image edited.  Isn't he just adorable?!?  Daddy played baseball in college, and it was so much fun incorporating something sentimental into his session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., It's going to be a great day!  The studio is all toasty and warm for this morning's newborn boy, and then I get to meet another sweet little man this afternoon.  Definitely the summer of boys around here!  In case you missed it last night, check out the post pinned to the top of my page for your chance to win a $100 gift certificate!, Hope you've had an amazing day!  I'm so thankful to each and every one of you that has supported my business, and I'd love to pay it forward by giving away a $100 gift certificate.  Simply share this photo on your page and comment below with one thing you're looking forward to this fall.  Giveaway will run from now until Thursday, August 29.  You may enter once per day, and I will announce the winner on Friday, August 30.  Good luck!, I'm looking forward to a very busy day tomorrow with a newborn boy in the morning and a sweet little guy who was just adopted from Ethiopia.  Can't wait to meet them both!  Make sure to stop by later tonight for a special announcement.  There just may be a little giveaway involved!  :), "A grand adventure is about to begin." - Winnie the Pooh

Hope you all enjoyed your weekend!  I'm looking forward to a few more days of vacation before heading back into the studio on Friday.  In the meantime, here's another beautiful mama from my maternity workshop.  Keep your eyes posted for some fun things coming later in the week!, It's Friday!  You made it!  :)  I'm working away on Baby Rowan's images today.  He is just too cute for words with those sweet chubby cheeks.  These colors are definitely making me look forward to fall!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., One more for you before I call it a night.  Gorgeous mom + beautiful location = perfection!  Love this set-up from her maternity session., I had an AMAZING time over the weekend learning more about the art of maternity photography with some other great photographers.  Here's the first of several images that I'm looking forward to sharing with you.  Isn't this momma just beautiful?!?, Hope you've had a fantastic day!  I'm out of town this weekend attending a maternity photography workshop with the amazing.  So excited to learn with a group of other great photographers!  I look forward to sharing some images with you next week.  :), It's a dreary day here in Plymouth, so I thought I'd give you a little baby goodness in place of the missing sunshine.  Baby Rocco is up on the blog.  Click on the link in the comments to see lots of great images from his session., Finishing up Baby Rocco's photos, and I just can't stand how adorable he is!  So many great images from his session.  Can't wait to share his blog post with you tomorrow!  :), Hope you've had a great weekend!  Rumor has it that sweet Alazar's adoptive parents will be bringing him home very soon.  I can't wait to see him in sitting in this chair!  :), Hope you've had a great day!  I'm very excited about a maternity photography workshop I'll be attending later this month.  In order to help build my portfolio, I'll be offering special, discounted maternity plus newborn packages this month only.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for details, and feel free to share with your pregnant friends!, Happy Friday!  I'm very excited about a maternity photography workshop I'll be attending later this month.  In order to help build my portfolio, I'll be offering special, discounted maternity plus newborn packages this month only.  Please email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for details, and feel free to share with your pregnant friends!, Hope everyone has had a fabulous day!  It was another beautiful day here in Massachusetts.  I still have a few openings for newborns in August and September.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information today!, Oh, Rowan!  You just melt my heart.  Mommy purchased this special hat just for him, and I absolutely love how he looks in it.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., null, It's toasty in here!  Getting ready to welcome another handsome newborn boy into the studio this morning.  Can't wait to share some sneak peeks with you later today!, Here's a little baby goodness to start your day!  Love how Rocco was just chilling out in this image.  Isn't he adorable?  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Overalls by Bumble Bee-Knees., Here's a sneak peek at my very special photo session of the day.  We just found out we're expecting a little girl!  Thank you so much to my "assistant" - my husband Garrett Walston - for helping me capture this image., Bringing my boys to a play date, then prepping for a very special session later today.  Stay tuned for some previews, and I hope you have a great day!, I'm not going to lie...I about fell out of my chair when I saw this image.  Love how Baby Rocco started smiling the minute I snuggled him up with mom and dad.  Adorable!, Good morning!  One more day left of my mini-vacation.  I'll be back in action tomorrow with some more beautiful baby goodness.  I still have a few spots available for newborn sessions this month.  Feel free to email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info!, Looking forward to seeing two of our dear friends get married in a few hours!  Anyone else attending a special event this weekend?  Stay cool!, I know Mommy was really excited about this image.  Baby Rocco - you are too adorable!  :), null, Good morning!  I'm looking forward to welcoming a handsome newborn boy into the studio this morning.  Can't wait for some baby snuggles!, Sweet baby Jack is up on the blog too!  Hope you can come check out all the newborn goodness that I've posted today.  :)

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Good morning!  Thank you so much for all your kind response to the images I posted last night.  They were viewed by over 3,000 people - just blows me away!  I'll be posting more soon, but in the meantime head on over to the blog to see my favorites from Baby Nolan's session.  See link in first comment., Isn't Aja gorgeous?  You can see the love for her son in her eyes.  I love this scarf she had from their last trip to Ethiopia, and can't wait to see it around her son's neck soon., I just returned from an awesome, non-traditional maternity session.  The Hastings will be welcoming a sweet baby boy from Ethiopia into their family in a few weeks.  I was so honored to capture these special moments for Aja tonight.  Can't wait to meet baby soon!, Good morning, and welcome new fans!  It's a hot one today, so I'll be enjoying the AC while editing and blogging this afternoon.  I'm looking forward to a very special maternity session tonight.  What are you doing today to stay cool?, I had a hard time choosing what photo of Baby Nolan to share with you.  Funny story behind this one.  Mom was nervous he was done with me taking his photos and stepped outside to grab little brother from Dad for some sibling shots.  I looked at baby and said, "You'll give me a few more, right?"  He immediately started smiling, and I was able to snap this quickly.  Perfect timing, Nolan!, Finishing up Baby Jack's gallery right now.  Isn't this one precious in black and white.  Love his little smirk.  

Up next, Baby Nolan.  Love all these handsome boys!, How's your week going so far?  Spending tonight finishing up galleries, so I should have some beautiful photos up on the blog for you later tonight.  My July babies are starting to arrive.  Can't wait for some more newborn snuggles next week!  :), Hope you've had a wonderful day!  I realized today that all of my upcoming newborn sessions are for boys.  Looking forward to meeting all these sweet little men!

Don't forget, it's never too early to book your newborn session!  I pencil you on your due date and secure your final session time once baby arrives.  Feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information.  I won't be offended if you share this post with your friends.  :), Hope you had a wonderful and relaxing Fourth of July weekend!  Here's another peek at beautiful baby Nolan.  So sweet!, Baby Nolan's older brother - Dylan - had to get in on some of the photos too.  He loved being in front of the camera almost as much as he loved my vintage rocking horse., Introducing Nolan {11 days new}!  Such a handsome little man who came all the way from Rhode Island to see me this morning.  A big congratulations to this new family of four!  :), null, Sometimes you get the hiccups in the middle of your session.  I took advantage of the situation to get some great eye contact from sweet Jack.  :)

Looking forward to meeting another baby boy in the morning!, Hope you had a great weekend!  Here's one more of sweet baby Jack.  Don't you just want to pinch those cheeks?  :), Jack was born on the first day of summer, so I just had to pull out my kites!  After recovering from the hiccups, he settled right down for a snooze.

LOVE my new kites from Cardboard Sheek!, Meet Baby Jack!  He flashed so many smiles during the first part of our session.  Seven days old and just about nine pounds of pure perfection.

Love this backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Looking forward to photographing a very special newborn boy this morning!  He's the newest member of my dear friend's family.  Hope you have a great day!  :), Beautiful Emilia is up on the blog!  Hope you can come take a peek at some of my favorites from the session.  Link to post is in the first comment below., And this is how Annika felt about the cake!  :)  She touched it once and was done.  As soon as we wiped off her hands, she was all smiles.  LOL!

These bloomers by LoveByCC were a perfect fit!, Isn't this cake beautiful?!?  What would you do if this was set right in front of you?  Check back later tonight to see sweet Annika's reaction.  :), I couldn't resist sharing one more of sweet Emelia.  Isn't she just absolutely beautiful?

Amazing bonnet by No. 2 Willow Lane and what may be my new favorite backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., Oh, Annika!  You are way too cute, but were totally not interested in the beautiful cake right at your feet.  Wait until you see the "cake smash" session we had.  :)

Headpiece by Sleepy Shimmer.  Bloomers by LoveByCC., null, Good morning!  Newborn girl coming in for her first beauty shots this morning.  So excited to bring out the pink today!  Look for lots of sneak peeks later today.  Hope you have a great Saturday.  :), Happy summer!  The weather is supposed to be beautiful today, I'm photographing an adorable one year old this morning, and my dear friend is having her baby boy.  Hope your day turns out awesome too!  :), Hope you're having a great day!  Found out last night that another one of my newborns has arrived - a little girl this time.  Can't wait to meet her on Saturday!

It's never to early to book your newborn session.  I pencil you in on your due date and we finalize your session date once baby arrives.  Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more info.  :), Sweet baby Jack is up on the blog.  Hope you can come take a peek!  See link in first comment., Sweet Liliana is up on the blog.  Hope you can come take a peek at some of my favorites from her session.  See link in first comment., One more peek at sweet baby Jack.  He was such a tiny little peanut and fit perfectly on my new bed.  Seriously wanted to keep him!

Branch bed by TFJ Designs {Baby Wraps & More}., Just for Daddy!  If you're a Bruins fan, I know last night was painful.  Hope this makes today a bit better.  Sweet Jack at 9 days young., Ask and you shall receive!  I've been dying to photograph a baby with lots of hair, and Baby Jack was just what I needed.  Isn't he adorable?!?!  I'm having a hard time choosing what images to share as sneak peeks.  :), My June babies are starting to arrive.  Can't wait to meet a handsome boy this morning!, Yesterday, I had a very special photo shoot with my own boys.  :)  I'm excited to announce that Baby #3 is due in January!  I'll be accepting my standard amount of clients through September but will be limiting my work load for October - December.  Please contact me as soon as possible if you would like to reserve a session during those months., Sweet Lucas is up on the blog!  Hope you can come take a peek.  I still have a few spots left for June and July sessions.  Feel free to contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com for more information., Good morning!  Finishing up Baby Lucas' gallery today.  He was such a sweet little peanut!  I'm celebrating my 9th wedding anniversary today.  Hope you have a great day too.  :), Working hard to get caught up on blogging!  Sweet Izabella is on the blog - part one and part two.  See links in comments.  Have a great night!, Happy Sunday!  Not only is Liliana beautiful, but she had such a great personality when she woke up at the end of the session.  Yes, I love my job!

It's best to book your newborn session before you have the baby.  We'll pencil you in on your due date and set the appointment once baby arrives.  Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to reserve your spot today!, I hope you've had a great week!  I had to share this sweet image from a gallery I'm finishing up tonight.  While I'm a fan of posed newborn images, I also love capturing your baby in their "natural element."  This sweet girl was a breech baby and LOVED to have her legs straight and near her face.  I couldn't resist capturing her just like this!  :), One more of beautiful Liliana before I call it a night.  I can't get enough of her lashes!

Headband and wrap set by me - Harbor Knits., Oh, Liliana!  You are just too beautiful!  Nine weeks old and pure perfection., Meet 9 week old Liliana!  I couldn't stop staring at this image in black and white, so I just had to share.  Isn't she just stunning!  I promise to post some in color soon.  :)

And yes, she was 9 weeks old.  Completed her whole session in about an hour and fifteen minutes.  Dream baby!, Getting ready for a sweet baby girl this morning!  Here's to a great day.  :), Hope you've had a great day so far!  I love the perspective of this image.  Your sweet baby is only this tiny for so long.  The best time to book your newborn session is while you are pregnant.  This ensures we can schedule your session within the first two weeks of life.  Feel free to email or message me to reserve your session today - reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com., Meet Lucas - 12 days old!  He was such a little cuddle bug.  I was excited to use my studio lights for the first time today.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Hat & Pant Set by my shop - Harbor Knits., Newborn boy this morning!  Can't wait to meet this special little man.  :), Hope you've had an amazing day!  Here's one more image of sweet 6 week old Riley.  I just can't get enough of her!  See link in first comment for her blog post.

Bonnet by No. 2 Willow Lane., null, Sweet Laney came along to her sister's photo session today.  While we tried our best to get her to sit with her sister, she just wasn't having it.  She just wanted to show me her piggy toes.  Too cute!  :), One more of sweet baby Riley.  Love her little profile!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Bonnet by No. 2 Willow Lane., Meet 6 weeks old Baby Riley!  All 11 adorable pounds of her.  I seriously could have kept her!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Bonnet by Harbor Knits., Welcome new fans!  So glad to have you here, and thank you for all the kind feedback.  :)  The heat is turned up, and I'm looking forward to photographing a sweet baby girl this morning.  Hope you have a great day!, I'm so excited to meet a sweet baby girl in the morning.  Here's a little baby fix for you tonight - times two!  The twins from my mentoring session are up on the blog.  See link in first comment., Sending special thoughts to all of my clients who will be celebrating their first mother's day tomorrow!  I'll be enjoying tomorrow with my boys before gearing up for next week's newborn sessions.  Happy Mother's Day!, ...and this is what happens when you photograph your own children!  There are still spaces available for the mini-sessions on June 1.  See post at the top of my page for details!, Contact me to book your $50 session for Saturday, June 1!  You will receive 4-6 images with printing rights.  The perfect gift for the special dad in your life!, Looking for the perfect Father's Day gift?  Why not treat the special dad in your life to a mini-session with the kiddos!  I've created this special vintage inspired camping set-up that's perfect for dads and kids of any age.  Please call me at (336) 688-8723 or email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to reserve your spot today!  Only a limited number of sessions will be accepted., Gorgeous Baby Austin is up on the blog.  Head on over to get a peek of his session.  Link in first comment.

Know someone who is expecting or just had a baby?  Send them my way, and I'll have a special gift for both of you!  :), Good morning!  The hubby is helping me put together a set-up for some special mini-sessions.  If you want a sneak peek, come follow me on Instagram.  My username is reneethephotog.

Have a great week!, The Taylor family is on the blog!  Head on over to see some beautiful previews from their family session.  Link in first comment., These two kiddos were perfect during the session!, null, Getting ready for a family session.  Can't wait to share some peeks with you later tonight!, This handsome little man's post is on the blog.  Hope you can come take a peek!  See link in first comment.

If you like what you see, I'd love for you to share my page with your friends.  :)  Here's to a great weekend!, I had the pleasure of delivering the final images of Miss Maggie today.  It was wonderful to see her again.  She's grown so much in just the last few weeks!  See the link in the first comment for her blog post.  Hope you can come take a peek and share with your friends!  I am now officially accepting new clients.  :), Working on galleries tonight, and I came across this little gem.  :)  I saw her starting to smile and picked up my camera very quickly.  I love seeing pure joy in such a tiny package.  Hope you have a great night!, Doing the preschool run around this morning, then working on finishing up my new website later today.  Looking forward to sharing it with you!  Hope you have a wonderful May Day.  :), One more of the sweet twins, because who can resist newborn goodness times two?!?

LOVE these bonnets by the amazing Avonli Cottage., Welcome new fans!  So glad to have you here.  Feel free to tag your page on this post if you have one.  One more of this sweet baby girl before I head to dreamland.  Isn't she just so tiny and precious?!?

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Tieback by Harbor Knits., Some of the sweet babies that have visited me this past month.  Contact me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com to book your session today!, Can we say adorable?!?!  Precious princess from this morning's session.

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Crown by Sleepy Shimmer., Cranking up the heat!  You know what that means?  Baby girl on the way to visit me this morning.  :), Working on the last few images of this sweet girl's gallery today, and I just had to share this outtake from her session.  You can definitely tell that her mommy is in love!  :), I had an amazing time this week mentoring with Mary of Pebbles and Polka Dots Photography.  Here are some the images from my day with her., About half way through the session, Baby A decided he just didn't want to sleep anymore.  :)  The AMAZING eye contact was worth it!

Hat by Harbor Knits.  Wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., One more of Baby A before I go outside to play with my kiddos.  Love the smile on this handsome little guy!, Look who came to play with me today?  Love sweet little Baby A.  It didn't take me long to see why his parents are so in love with him!

**Small disclaimer:  Parents, please do not attempt this pose on your own.  It takes lots of training and knowledge to do it safely and correctly.**, Newborn boy on the way here this morning!, LOVE this one of sweet Baby I!  She's wearing a romper and tieback I made just for her.  At 19 days old, she is only about 6 1/2 pounds of pure sweetness.  Don't you just want to snuggle her?!?, One more of sweet Baby I.  Too precious!, Sweet Baby I came back to visit me today.  During her last session, I learned that her dad is in the Naval Reserve.  I couldn't pass up the chance to photograph her with some of Daddy's gear.  Here she is at 19 days old., The heat's cranked up, and it's warm in here!  Getting ready for a sweet baby girl this morning.  Hope you have a great start to your week!, Working away on Baby G's gallery and just had to share this one.  This was at the very beginning of his session.  Love his expression - "So, crazy lady with the camera, you think you're going to get me to sleep?"  Guess what?  I won!  :), Sweet Baby E was the first newborn I photographed professionally, and I'm working on finishing her gallery right now.  I love the innocence of this image.  She loved being all curled up!, Hope you've had a great day!  I couldn't resist sharing one more of Baby I.  She was a breech baby and still loves to kick her legs up and out whenever possible.  I rolled with it and really like how this image turned out.  :)

Knit stretch wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees and backdrop by Roses and Ruffles., On this afternoon filled with much sadness, this little smile reminds me that there is still good in this world.  My prayers go out to all those in Boston., This may be one of my favorites to date!  Isn't Baby I so precious?

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Wrap by Bumble Bee-Knees., DREAM session this morning!  Baby I slept the entire time.  At just over 5 lbs, she was the sweetest little peanut.  So many beautiful images, it's going to be hard not to share them all!

"Fluff" from Life in my PJ's, wrap from Bumble Bee-Knees, and backdrop from Roses and Ruffles., One more of sweet Baby M before I call it a night.  SO precious!

Backdrop by Roses and Ruffles.  Headband by Bumble Bee-Knees., "Hi!  My daddy is a drummer."  :)

Loved little Miss M this morning!, Meet little Miss M who came to visit me this morning!  At 29 days old, she slept like a champ even though she's a bit "old" for newborn photos.  More sneak peeks coming soon!

Tieback by Harbor Knits., One more of sweet Baby G for the night.  I seriously wanted to keep him.  Off to get some beauty sleep so I'm ready for a sweet girl in the morning.  Goodnight!

Beautiful backdrop from Roses and Ruffles., This one is especially for his mommy!  Baby G definitely loved being wrapped like this.  What a handsome little man!, Oh, Baby G!  You melted my heart this morning.  Such a sweet little peanut at just over seven pounds.

Beautiful mustard knotted wrap by Bean Bailey., It's getting nice and toasty in here!  Can't wait to meet handsome Baby G this morning.  :), I'm getting very excited to meet a handsome little man on Friday!  Love my new knotted wrap from Bean Bailey that arrived in today's mail.  And yes, this is an iPhone photo.  :), There's just something about little baby feet...

As I was working on Baby E's images, I just kept staring at this image I just happened to capture when she popped her little legs out of the swaddle.  Precious!, Good morning!  Thank you so much to everyone who has joined me over the last 24 hours.  I'm so excited to start this new venture.

South Shore Friends - I am still looking for 2-3 newborns to help build my portfolio.  If you know someone who is due or has a baby under 14 days old, please have them email me at reneewalstonphotography@gmail.com.  They will receive a complimentary session, printing rights, and some goodies from me., null)