List(Pharmacy students Victoria Guan and Adesuwa Eghe, both BHS'20, work on a lab project in their biology class in the Behrakis Health Sciences Center on Tuesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, New faculty member Ameet Pinto, assistant professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, is working to answer that question. His research focuses on the role of microbial organisms in drinking water and how they continue to survive today’s exhaustive water treatment processes., Now in its second year, the program runs concurrent with the Summer 1 half-semester and enables rising sophomores to earn up to eight course credits in just six to eight weeks. Registration is now open., On Tuesday, in the Harvard Business Review, President Aoun wrote of how our highly connected world will usher in a new era of higher education. “Like society itself, the job market is becoming ever more complex,” Aoun wrote. “By exposing students to systems thinking, higher education can prepare them to do the systems-oriented work needed for tomorrow’s jobs.”, Nina Angeles, SSH’15, who works in Northeastern’s Social Enterprise Institute, will examine the impact of social enterprise in Palestinian refugee communities by looking at how fledgling businesses run by community members affect their ability to improve their economic standing., Flowers are in full bloom outside Hayden Hall on Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, “If the new jobs that are emerging are increasingly hybrid, then the programs of study pursued by college students may need to become hybridized as well.” President Joseph E. Aoun in the Harvard Business Review., Retired Army Gen. David D. McKiernan, the former top commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan, will address more than 1,100 professional studies graduates—including more than 50 veterans in 29 degree programs—on Friday, May 13, at Matthews Arena., The Princeton Review has named Northeastern as one of 50 colleges “that launch careers by going beyond the classroom.” The recognition follows a wide-ranging survey—reported here last week—in which employers indicated that 86 percent of Northeastern graduates working at their companies were either “very prepared” or “highly prepared,” compared to 64 percent of other recent graduates., A new study has found that the gap in lifespan between the rich and the poor has grown rapidly, with the richest Americans gaining three years since 2000 but the poorest gaining none. Where you live also figures into the calculations, and we asked Northeastern social epidemiologist Daniel Kim to explain why., Cy of relief. It's finally Opening Day at Fenway! The statue of Cy Young outside of Churchill Hall marks the site of the former pitcher's mound of the 1903 World Series. #FenwayOpener, Northeastern Women's Rowing defeated Columbia on Saturday to retain the Woodbury Cup. Nicole Genard of the women’s Northeastern Track & Field and Cross Country team recorded one of her all-time best marks in the javelin at the Auburn Tiger Track Classic to earn a second-place finish. Husky pitchers James Mulry and Dustin Hunt combined for 17 strikeouts in their appearances in the Northeastern Baseball team’s weekend series against Elon. And Northeastern Men's Rowing fell to BU on Saturday in the Arlett Cup., Nick Fuchs, CPS’17, launches paper rockets from Centennial Common with students from The Learning Center for the Deaf (MA) on Friday at an event hosted by the Center for STEM Education at Northeastern University. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, As the Zika virus continues to spread, a panel of faculty members discussed how they—and by extension we—can be part of the global solution., Criminal justice professor Nikos Passas, an expert in the study of corruption and illicit financial flows, discusses the international fallout, which show how public officials have used offshore bank accounts to conceal their wealth or avoid taxes., D'Amore-McKim School of Business student Elliott Bowles finds a freedom in flying. While he may be piloting a plane with a cabin no bigger than a Fiat, he says that while up in the air, “all other stresses disappear.” He discovered a love for flying thanks to a family friend in California, and started to learn to fly in 2011. Photos by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University

See more photos and a video here: 
http://bit.ly/1Urolgb, A data visu­al­iza­tion of North­eastern grad­u­ates’ career readi­ness, an inti­mate look at the Spotlight Movie, and RISE:2016 are among our selec­tions from the North­eastern com­mu­nity this week., Dogwoods have begun to bloom all around campus, including in front of the Egan Research Center. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Northeastern Baseball defeated Harvard in the Beanpot semifinal, and Northeastern Men's Basketball assistant coach Brian McDonald was named to Under Armour's 30-under-30 Team this week. Looking ahead to the weekend, baseball will host Elon for a three-game series, which begins today. The men’s and women’s track teams will compete at Auburn and UMass. And on Saturday, Northeastern Women's Rowing will welcome Columbia and Northeastern Men's Rowing will battle rival BU, both on the Charles River., “You are all participating in a revolution in urban mobility.” That was the declaration made by Zipcar President Kaye Ceille, who served as the keynote speaker Thursday morning at Northeastern’s CEO Breakfast Forum., The annual event show­cased the breadth and depth of Northeastern's stu­dents and fac­ulty mem­bers’ research and entrepre­neurial spirit across many dis­ci­plines., On Wednesday, a NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration team assembled Valkyrie at the New England Robotics Validation and Experimentation Center, where the robot will be housed. Putting the robot together took the crew five hours. See a full photo gallery here: http://bit.ly/1UYZpNP, The breadth and depth of Northeastern’s research and entrepreneurial spirit was on full dis­play Thursday at RISE:2016, the university’s Research, Inno­va­tion, and Schol­ar­ship Expo. Industry leaders judged some 400 projects, which detailed the work of more than 900 North­eastern stu­dents and fac­ulty., Mikko Nissinen, artistic director of Boston Ballet, right, and campus executive chef Tom Barton give a cooking demonstration in Northeastern Dining's Xhibition Kitchen on Wednesday. An ongoing partnership between Northeastern and the Boston Ballet helps pro­fes­sional ballet dancers earn col­lege degrees and pre­pare for careers after dancing. Photo by Maria Amasanti for Northeastern University, Five Northeastern University College of Engineering stu­dents are working to har­ness the power of the Oculus Rift vir­tual reality headset to help stroke patients over­come hemis­pa­tial neglect, a neu­ropsy­cho­log­ical con­di­tion pre­venting stroke vic­tims from perceiving stimuli on one side of their body or environment., Pic­ture this: A sensor the size of two match­sticks side-by-side that can detect a bac­te­rial infec­tion in two min­utes flat. It would quickly enable health-care providers to admin­ister an antibi­otic that tar­gets the spe­cific bug rather than a broad-spectrum drug that could be hit-or-miss.

That describes the mind-boggling research project that Daniel Ostberg, E’20, dis­played in Inno­va­tion Alley at RISE:2016., Can a flow of information across Twitter signal when a momentous event is about to occur? Northeastern’s Alessandro Vespignani and an interdisciplinary group of scientists developed a method to find out. Their findings represent an initial step in constructing models to detect trouble before it’s too late., Today’s wind tur­bines are gar­gan­tuan struc­tures that require high wind speeds to gen­erate large amounts of energy for consumers.

One group of engi­neering stu­dents pre­senting at RISE:2016—and fea­tured at the event’s Inno­va­tion Alley—wondered, why go big? Why not go small?, From the beaches of Tel Aviv to her co-op at the International Institute of Counter-Terrorism, Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities international affairs major Marie Schulte-Bockum is taking over our Snapchat today. Follow live to learn more about what it's like to work and live in Israel while on co-op. https://www.snapchat.com/add/northeasternu, Today’s the day—RISE:2016, Northeastern’s Research, Innovation, and Scholarship Expo. We’ll be live blogging with full coverage—including photos and video—throughout the day to share with you participants’ projects, innovations, stories, and much more., Valkyrie—the 6-foot-2-inch, 275-pound humanoid robot on which an interdisciplinary team of Northeastern students and faculty will perform advanced research and development work—is up and walking. On Wednesday, a NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration team assembled Valkyrie. We have photos and a time-lapse video., Sam Warner, E'16, donates blood with help from blood donor technician Tara Josselyn in the Boston Children's Hospital Bloodmobile outside the Curry Student Center on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Northeastern’s student chapter of Best Buddies International counts more than 40 young humanitarians who volunteer to enhance the lives of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Alex Linden and Melissa Jacques are two of those humanitarians. On Friday, they’ll help host Northeastern’s inaugural “Special Spirit” basketball game., “When I’m not in the lab, I like to go to the gym and I like to paint. I’ve been painting for about two or three years but it’s some­thing I’ll do for a while and then stop for a while, and then go back to it. I like to paint flowers and cartoons.”, “My pri­mary sub­ject matter as a sculptor are things with motors like speed boats, hot rods, and motor­cy­cles. ‘Femmes Trouvés’ is only the second show where I’ve dis­played the ladies and it is a sort of break from my reg­ular sub­jects. It is very helpful for artists to have some­thing else going on and I feel like that just allows me to have a dif­ferent audi­ence. And being approached to do a second show at Northeastern Gallery 360 is pretty great.”, “We’re waiting for one of my lab mates to finish her thesis defense. It’s basi­cally a pre­sen­ta­tion of about five years of aca­d­emic research, and you have to deal with a series of ques­tions first from the public and then from a com­mittee. With PhDs, we’re all in the same boat and just like every­thing else it is great to have sup­port from people going through the same thing as you.”, The Northeastern community got an inside look into the making of the Academy Award-winning film Spotlight Movie, gaining insight from a journalist who led The Boston Globe investigative team that was portrayed in the movie and the writer who shaped the story for the big screen., President Aoun on Monday visited a Psychology of Language class taught by Professor Iris Berent in Shillman Hall. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, This April is jam-packed with exciting events, including the Academic Honors Convocation, RISE, a discussion about the global response to the Zika outbreak, and an archeological look at Boston’s Big Dig., An interdisciplinary panel of Northeastern alumnae—all recent graduates—kicked off the inaugural Women’s Leadership Conference, which aimed to inspire and educate the next generation of women leaders., Data visualization: Co-op works. Experience launches careers

All college graduates want to be prepared for their careers. Northeastern graduates actually are. The university asked more than 1,000 employers in 25 industries across the U.S. to rate the preparedness of recent Northeastern graduates and their peers on a range of attributes. The results are in., The Northeastern Men's Rowing team defeated Penn on Saturday to capture the Burk Cup and the Northeastern Baseball team swept UNCW in a weather-shortened series to highlight the weekend for Northeastern student-athletes. In other action, the Northeastern Women's Rowing team finished third, ahead of Rhode Island and BU, in the annual Orange Challenge Cup, and Paul Duffey of the men's Northeastern Track & Field and Cross Country team turned in a record performance at the Stanford Invitational on Friday., Join us for an evening with Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Walter “Robby” Robinson and Academy Award-winning screenwriter Josh Singer for a conversation about the Oscar-winning film Spotlight Movie, this Tuesday, April 5 at 5:00 p.m. at East Village., "There's a high level of hypocrisy in what the President said,” – Marty Baron takes issue with what President Obama said vs. what he does when it comes to the responsibility of the press., Trees, pulp, paper, ink, delivery trucks, and day-old news. Media innovator and Washington Post executive editor Marty Baron makes a light-hearted take on what goes into making a print newspaper., The Northeastern University Marketing Association - NUMA collected five awards—a record for the organization—at the 38th annual American Marketing Association International Collegiate Conference, held last month in New Orleans. The group, whose mission is to provide students with marketing-based learning opportunities outside of the classroom, was recognized for outstanding chapter planning and outstanding chapter communications, among its other honors., From the men's hockey NCAA tournament experience, civil and environmental engineering, the new ISEC complex construction, and a hint of spring, take a look back at the photos captured by Northeastern's university photographers., Pulitzer Prize-winning editor and digital media innovator Marty Baron of the Washington Post discussed the future of media on Thursday afternoon during the latest installment of Northeastern’s presidential speaker series., Beginning this summer, the only way to get around campus will be via slackline, as the university undertakes major renovations to every walkway on campus. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The university has formed a lifetime partnership with a large digital media company in Silicon Valley, with the goal of going completely paperless by May 1., A first-of-its-kind initiative will launch this fall, targeted at raising school spirit and awareness of Northeastern’s mascot. All incoming students will receive their own husky puppy when they arrive on campus., An unseasonably warm winter, with just one snow day, has led Northeastern officials to move up finals and give students an early start to summer vacation., Colorful campus cocoons. No surer sign of spring are the numerous student cocoons (hammocks) that are sprouting up on trees all over campus. This one was spotted on West Village quad., The after­noon sun on Wednesday sil­hou­ettes a stu­dent walking through West Vil­lage H. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Delta Tau Delta at Northeastern University will host an event to raise awareness and funds in support of type 1 diabetes research on Saturday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the West Village Quad. The festivities will include food, lawn games, and a dunking booth., A student sits by the Curry Student Center as the first dogwoods begin to bloom on March 31, 2016. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, A host of student-run operations is springing up to support Northeastern startups, offering skills and expertise in fields from accounting to graphic design to software coding., The Northeastern Men's Rowing team open the 2016 season this Saturday against Pennsylvania in the annual race for the Burk Cup. Head coach John Pojednic talks about the team’s preparation and his expectations for the season., 15 Northeastern students will participate in CGI U this weekend in the San Francisco Bay Area. The conference will convene college students to discuss and develop innovative solutions to pressing global challenges. We spoke with some of the student attendees about their projects and what they hope to gain from the experience., A researcher works in the George J. Kostas Nanoscale Technology and Manufacturing Research Center on Tuesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Pulitzer Prize-winning editor and digital media innovator Marty Baron will join President Aoun to talk about the future of media on Thursday, March 31 at 4 p.m. 

What questions do you have about journalism and the future of digital media? Write them in the comments below and Marty Baron will answer them during the the event. Follow the conversation on Twitter with #NUFutureOf., Undergraduate students can cast votes for the student body president and executive vice president as well as on two referenda questions. Voting is open through Friday., Three-toed sloths, monkeys, and more! Check out Elena Crouch’s live Snapchat takeover from her co-op at Kids Saving the Rainforest in Costa Rica. https://www.snapchat.com/add/northeasternu, Since its inception in 2013, the conference has attracted hundreds of students and inspired the creation of a new course in hedge funds, real assets, and private equity., Many people have criticized the Western media’s coverage of recent terrorist attacks as being uneven for concentrating largely on the strikes in European cities. John Wihbey, assistant professor of journalism and new media, talks about what he refers to as perceived “differential treatment” by mainstream news outlets., Students under umbrellas walk through Snell Quad on a rainy Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Here are three ways students can make the most of their time, courtesy of Erin Schnepp, an academic advisor in the College of Engineering’s Undergraduate Student Services who runs a series of “Roadmap to Success” workshops., Northeastern researcher Kim Lewis and his team have launched an all-out effort to find a cure for Lyme disease, which afflicts nearly 300,000 new people in the U.S. each year. Their efforts aim to bring relief to all patients, including those who suffer from a debilitating chronic version of the disease., Student pilot Elliott Bowles has a family friend to thank for his passion for flying. He recently took university photographer Adam Glanzman for a ride through the clouds and shared what it’s like to get a bird’s-eye view of Boston. http://bit.ly/1Urolgb, Fans gathered in the Indoor Quad Friday afternoon to watch the men's hockey team take on North Dakota in the first round of the NCAA tournament. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Whether it’s for a better salary or added benefits, negotiation is a must before accepting a job offer, says D’Amore-McKim School of Business associate professor Edward Wertheim., This Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team will be remembered for its grit and determination, for an improbable season turnaround that featured a 13-game winning streak and 20 wins over the final 24 games, for winning the school’s first Hockey East championship in nearly three decades, and for returning to the NCAA tournament for the first time since 2009. 

Check out our complete coverage of Northeastern’s tournament appearance., Following the passage of a controversial new law last week in North Carolina—where Northeastern maintains a regional campus—President Aoun issued a statement in strong support of diversity and inclusion. The law prevents local communities in that state from passing ordinances that protect the rights of gay, lesbian, and transgender people. “At Northeastern University we believe diversity is a strength to be celebrated, not a source of division,” Aoun said., Please join President Joseph E. Aoun and Pulitzer Prize-winning editor and digital media innovator Marty Baron for a conversation about “The Future of Media.” Currently leading The Washington Post—one of the nation’s most influential news organizations—Baron is a news media pioneer who has had remarkable success in an industry that’s undergone profound disruption. He and President Aoun will discuss the exciting future of the media industry in the digital world.
 
Previously, Baron had been editor of The Boston Globe. During his tenure, the Globe won six Pulitzer Prizes, including one for their Spotlight investigation, which inspired the Academy Award-winning Spotlight Movie.

Marty Baron will be answering your questions – please add them in below and follow the conversation on Twitter at #NUFutureOf, The women’s rowing team has set its sights on winning a third consecutive Colonial Athletic Association title this spring and improving its performance in the NCAA championship. We asked head coach Joe Wilhelm to talk about the Huskies’ preparation for the spring season and the team’s defining characteristics., Northeastern’s ticket to the NCAA men’s hockey tour­na­ment, a spring snow storm, and global expe­ri­ences are among our selections of tweets from the North­eastern com­mu­nity this week., Head coach Jim Madigan praised the team’s tremen­dous senior lead­er­ship and its effort throughout the season. “They rep­re­sented our insti­tu­tion with pride, class, and dig­nity,” he said., The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team and Husky fans made this a truly history-making season. You all have so much to be proud of! #GoNU, Check out some of the behind the scenes moments before the start of the Huskies round one 2016 NCAA Ice Hockey Tournament game against North Dakota. 

Watch the game live: http://es.pn/1U8R35k

See more photos and blogs: http://bit.ly/NUhockeyblog, The battery on your mobile phone is dead, but you don’t have time to charge it in your room. What do you do? Beginning next Friday, swing by one of 30 campus locations and pick up The Oomf, a free portable smartphone charger., The Huskies, winners of 13 straight games, are the hottest team in college hockey. As Northeastern looks to extend that streak against North Dakota this afternoon in Cincinnati, check out our blog for a unique look at the team’s preparation with up-to-the-minute photos and stories., The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team is back in the NCAA tournament. After capturing their first Hockey East tournament title since 1988, the Huskies will take on North Dakota in the first round today at 2 p.m. Watch the game in the Indoor Quad at the Curry Student Center., In the 52nd annual Robert D. Klein Lecture on Tuesday afternoon, psychology professor Iris Berent argued that human language is a product of a specialized biological system, that we are innately equipped with a language instinct., The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team takes on North Dakota in round 1 of the NCAA tournament. Watch it live on ESPNU at 2 p.m. on Friday., The film—which reexamines the groundbreaking documentary Eyes on the Prize from the viewpoint of civil rights activists past and present—will be screened on Thursday at 6:30 p.m. in the Cabral Center. It will be followed by a panel discussion with Margaret Burnham and Sarah Jackson, two Northeastern faculty members involved in social change., The horrific bombings in Brussels on Tuesday have left another European city reeling after a terrorist attack. In the aftermath, we asked an interdisciplinary group of faculty members to offer insight into the events. #BrusselsAttacks, The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team takes on North Dakota in the NCAA tournament! Join us at the Yard House on March 25 for a pregame celebration with appetizers and a cash bar., A group of 31 Foundation Year students learned the art and craft of storytelling through an immersive workshop with The Moth. Ten of the students then bared their truths in an onstage performance that brought both laughter and tears. We sat down with the students to learn about their stories, and to share those stories with you., Interested in some free (and awesome!) Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey gear? Paws will be lurking around campus on Thursday and Friday and for those of you who can find him first will win. Follow our Twitter feed (@Northeastern) for the photo clues!, The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team is headed to the NCAA tournament for the first time since 2009, and news@Northeastern is traveling with the Huskies to Cincinnati to cover the action and capture all the excitement from the road., Show off your Northeastern Husky and Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team pride with our special #GoNU hockey profile photo! Don't forget to tune into the game live from Cincinnati on Friday at 2 p.m. EST on ESPNU., Students in the West Village Quad are reflected in a window last week. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Here are some tips for corresponding with your hiring manager, with insight from Susan Loffredo, an associate director of Northeastern’s Career Development department., In late-November, the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team was 1-11-2. Four months later, the Huskies were celebrating their first Hockey East championship since 1988. Head coach Jim Madigan reflects on the historic turnaround and looks ahead to Friday, when his club will face off against the North Dakota Fighting Hawks in the first round of the NCAA tournament., Ali Campbell, SSH’17, wants to combine the rigors of research with the art of photography to effect social change. Her upcoming photo exhibit in Renaissance Park, “Rwanda Unseen,” is a prime example., The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee, Theatre at Northeastern University's final production of the semester, opens tonight at 7:30 p.m. Find out what’s in store for the audience. Hint: Lots of spelling and “an immersive theater experience.”, The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team is making its first NCAA tournament appearance since 2009, and students have the opportunity to cheer on the Huskies in person. Registration is now open for a student fan bus to the first round game in Cincinnati on Friday. Additional ticket information is available on GoNU.com., College of Science assistant professor Javier Apfeld examines the cellular mechanisms driving the aging process in worms, uncovering insights that could increase our own longevity., Members of the university community assembled Monday for a discussion about issues related to campus safety, including the university’s strategy to respond to a possible active-shooter situation on campus., Northeastern University has confirmed that all five students currently in Brussels, Belgium, are safe and well. Upon receiving reports of multiple explosions in Brussels this morning, university officials made direct contact with students who are currently in that city for co-op, study abroad, or personal travel.

The university is monitoring the situation closely in order to provide ongoing assistance and support to members of the Northeastern community currently in that region. For further updates, please follow Northeastern on Twitter (@Northeastern) and on Facebook., The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team and fans react to the Huskies’ NCAA tournament selection during a watch party at Matthews Arena on Sunday. Photo by Jim Pierce/Northeastern Athletics, An early spring snowstorm turned Northeastern's Boston campus into a winter wonderland once more on Monday, March 21. The National Weather Service reported 2.8 inches of snow for Boston. Photos by Matthew Modoono and Adam Glanzman, Earlier this month, we shared the remarkable story of Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey student-athlete Kendall Coyne. On Saturday, Coyne’s legacy grew when she was named the 2016 recipient of the Patty Kazmaier Award, honoring the nation’s top Division I women’s hockey player., NUTRONS was created to inspire student mentors through challenging educational experiences such as building robots. Today, it is one of the most successful robotics teams in the region, helping to solve real world problems through engineering. Watch and learn more about this unique Northeastern group. Video by Ben­jamin Bertsch/Northeastern Uni­ver­sity http://bit.ly/22sb0cg, José Buscaglia, professor and chair of the Department of Languages, Literatures, and Cultures, has just returned from Havana as part of a Northeastern delegation that explored several potential academic and research partnerships in Cuba. Here, he examines President Obama’s trip there, which began yesterday, and how normalized relations may impact the two countries going forward., For the first time in nearly three decades, the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team are champions of Hockey East. In a thrilling back-and-forth contest, the men’s hockey team held off UMass Lowell, 3-2, on Saturday night at TD Garden. Northeastern will face North Dakota in the first round of the NCAA tournament on Friday at 2 p.m. on ESPNU., The Northeastern Men's Hockey team accomplished something amazing tonight. They are the 2016 Hockey East champions--for the first time since 1988. Go Huskies!, This week’s tweets come from the group of newly-admitted students to Northeastern’s fall 2016 class who took to social media to share their excitement., With a dramatic 5-4 win Friday against Boston College, the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team heads into the Hockey East title game on Saturday night for the first time since 1988 and only its second all-time., Lauren Kim, DMSB'19, takes a free St. Patrick's Day-themed hat in the International Village dining hall on Thursday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Can't make it to tonight's Relay For Life of Northeastern University? Follow along live on Snapchat to see the Northeastern community walk to fight against cancer. https://www.snapchat.com/add/northeasternu, “Our goal is to win 30 games, make the tournament, and win the conference championship,” said Northeastern Baseball head coach Mike Glavine, whose team will open the home portion of its schedule on Friday afternoon against the University of Buffalo., Thousands of Northeastern students, faculty, and staff will flock to Matthews Arena on Friday for the university’s seventh annual Relay For Life of Northeastern University fundraiser for the American Cancer Society., The Huskies will face the Eagles tonight at TD Garden at 8 p.m. Tickets are still available to the Northeastern community., Students eat lunch and study at tables in the Curry Student Center on Wednesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, A team of Northeastern students, including three seniors, placed third in the Scotiabank International Case Competition last week., President Obama on Wednesday nominated appeals court judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. We spoke with Northeastern faculty members Dan Urman and Wendy Parmet, who answer some important questions about Garland and what lies ahead., Northeastern students, faculty, staff, and friends gathered at the Fenway Center on Wednesday to celebrate the lives of Victoria McGrath and Priscilla Perez Torres. The remembrance service included touching reflections shared by Victoria’s uncle Doug Wheeler and classmate Alexis Galmin, and by Priscilla’s sister, Veliz Perez Torres, and sorority sister Sara Panahi. President Aoun spoke of the students’ impact and of their permanent place in the Northeastern family, while D’Amore-McKim School of Business Dean Hugh Courtney, College of Science Associate Dean George Alverson, and Center for Spirituality, Dialogue, and Service Executive Director Alexander Levering Kern offered memories shared by co-op employers, advisors, faculty members, and friends. Victoria and Priscilla will be awarded posthumous degrees at Commencement in May., As March Madness captures the imagination of sports fans across the country, it also serves as a stark reminder of a frightening trend. On average, every three days a competitive athlete in the U.S. succumbs to sudden cardiac death. Gianmichael Corrado, head team physician at Northeastern, is on a mission to change that., Students protect themselves from Tuesday's rain with Northeastern-colored umbrellas as they walk by the Curry Student Center. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, At two academic plan town hall meetings on Monday, members of the Northeastern community examined strategic themes—doctoral education, and research and scholarship—of the academic plan, which will guide the university’s course over the next 10 years., Interested in art, music, film, and tech? Get the full SXSW experience, including a Northeastern University Alumni event, today and tomorrow on our Snapchat account 'northeasternu'., The Northeastern Track & Field and Cross Country teams open the 2016 outdoor season this week. We asked Cathrine Erickson, director of track and field and cross country, about her expectations for this year and the quest for regional supremacy., “Femmes Trouvés,” the new exhibit by Michael Ulman, a found-object sculptor who graduated from Northeastern in 2000, opens today at Northeastern Gallery 360 and will be on display until April 24. An opening reception will be held on March 30 in the gallery., Victoria McGrath and Priscilla Perez Torres, two Northeastern students who were tragically killed in a car accident last week while traveling overseas, will be awarded posthumous degrees, President Aoun announced., John Auerbach, associate director for policy at the CDC, distinguished professor of practice, and director of the Institute on Urban Health Research, spoke at the "Changing the Rules: Strengthening the links between health care and public health" on Monday. The symposium was sponsored by the Department of Health Sciences. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Take a look back through the social media posts from Alternative Spring Break experiences in the U.S., Costa Rica, Ecuador and beyond., The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team rides an 11-game winning streak into its Hockey East semifinal matchup with Boston College at TD Garden on Friday. The Huskies are making their seventh appearance in the conference semifinal in program history and first since 2011., Northeastern’s Employer in Residence program provides students a venue to meet individually with employer representatives—either in-person or virtually via Skype—in an informal setting to gather useful information before stepping foot into an interview or even applying for a job., A memorial service for Northeastern seniors Victoria McGrath and Priscilla Perez Torres will be held on Wednesday at 5 p.m. at the Fenway Center on St. Stephen Street. The service is open to all members of the Northeastern community., Elachi, who is director of the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory and vice president of the California Institute of Technology - Caltech, will address some 2,000 graduates, along with family members, university leaders, and friends at the afternoon graduate ceremony on Friday, May 6, at Matthews Arena., The Northeastern men’s hockey team extended its winning streak to 11 games with a two-game sweep of No. 10 Notre Dame this past weekend to advance to the Hockey East semifinals. The Huskies will play Boston College on Friday at 8 p.m. at TD Garden. Northeastern is an impressive 18-1-2 in its past 21 games., Three Northeastern students have co-founded a hyperlocal photo-sharing platform that connects people who are in the same place at the same time, like a party or sporting event. Now, the Blurr team is headed to South by Southwest to pitch its startup to entrepreneurs and investors as finalists in a national student startup competition., Geographic diversity and academic achievement continue to highlight Northeastern’s undergraduate applicant pool. The consistent rise in both the quantity and quality of applicants is reflective of the university’s momentum, strategic investments in education and research, and global leadership in experiential learning through co-op., Joseph Romeo, S'17, throws a frisbee to Cameron Raughtighan, DMSB'18, in West Village on Wednesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University. See more photos from life around campus: http://bit.ly/1LL9J3o, Ashley Demirali, a second generation Northeastern Husky and member of The DogHouse, is taking over our Snapchat account live today from the Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team's NCAA tournament game against Boston College. Follow along live! Find us at 'northeasternu', Alter­na­tive Spring Break, South by South­west, and an alumnus in the Idi­tarod are among our selec­tions from the Northeastern commu­nity this week., Two of the hottest teams in college hockey will battle this weekend as the Northeastern men’s hockey team heads to No. 10 Notre Dame for the best-of-three Hockey East quarterfinal matchup. The opening game is tonight at 7:35 p.m. In other sports action, the women’s basketball team defeated Hofstra on Thursday to advance to today’s Colonial Athletic Association tournament semifinals., Alter­na­tive Spring Break is an immer­sive living and vol­un­teering expe­ri­ence, during which stu­dents tackle social issues such as disaster relief, animal care, and sus­tain­able food growth through mean­ingful action. They also engage with the cul­ture and his­tory of the com­mu­nity they are working in., Kendall Coyne, senior captain of the Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team, is one of the greatest collegiate players of all time. As her career at Northeastern nears its end, she and those who know her well reflect on her ascent to the top of the sport. Coyne and the women’s hockey team will open NCAA tournament play on Saturday at Boston College., With temperatures in the mid 70s, Rebekah Marin, AMD'17, takes advantage of Wednesday's great weather and studies under a tree on Centennial Common. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Entering the postseason having won seven of its last nine games, the Northeastern Women's Basketball team, the No. 6 seed in the CAA tournament, will take on No. 3 Hofstra tonight at 7:30 p.m. in Upper Marlboro, Maryland., “I’m studying engi­neering man­age­ment, and it can get very busy. So I’m using the week off to apply to co-ops and internships.”, “(Spring Break) is not a break for us. It’s a time for us to catch up and do what work we can while the stu­dents are away.”, “I’m orig­i­nally from Alaska, and there you ham­mock when­ever it’s not raining. I’ve been trying to do it around campus but it can get pretty loud. Now that it’s Spring Break it’s a lot qui­eter. Hammocking is just so relaxing.”, Maura Iversen, professor and chair of the Department of Physical Therapy, Movement and Rehabilitation Science, will launch a study to assess the physical activity levels of Swedish children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis—the most common form of arthritis in kids under 17., Chemical engineering students David Measley and James Kilgannon will take you on a journey from their co-op at the University of Cagliari on the Italian island of Sardinia. At their lab they focus on the development of ceramic materials used for space application and in another lab on tools for applications in renewable energy. Add ‘northeasternu’ on Snapchat to learn more about their work. http://bit.ly/1KHtL3t, Workers get an elevated perspective of the ongoing construction at the Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team is playing in its first-ever NCAA tournament game on Saturday at 1 p.m. at Boston College. The first 100 students, faculty, and staff to show their Husky IDs at the will call table at Gate B in Conte Forum will receive a free ticket! A free shuttle service to the game will start at 11:30 a.m. at Chicken Lou’s., How will the outcome of the ongoing Hulk Hogan-Gawker trial impact future litigation and the freedom of the online press? We asked law professor Jessica Silbey and communication studies professor Dale Herbeck., A group of Northeastern engineering and physical therapy students have spent months developing devices designed to help children with disabilities at an orphanage in Ecuador. This week, 15 students and their professor are spending their spring break working with these children., Ben Caton, E'19, plays with a diabolo in front of Hurtig Hall on Monday. Caton has been practicing this hobby for the past seven years. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Halle O’Conor, AMD’17, wants to work for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. To make her application stand out, she’s been doing a little “sightseeing” with a cardboard cutout of the host, stopping in Italy, Switzerland, and the Czech Republic., On Sunday night, Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders debated in Flint, Michigan, the city facing a devastating lead-contamination water crisis. For several Northeastern students, as well as professor Daniel Faber, the debate hit home on a very personal level, as the environment is central to a grassroots political initiative—called Environmentalists for Bernie—they’ve been building in recent months. Voters in Michigan will head to the polls today for the presidential primary., Northeastern students Victoria McGrath, DMSB’16, and Priscilla Perez Torres, S’16, died Sunday in a car accident in Dubai. “This is a heartbreaking loss to their families, friends, and to all of us in the Northeastern family,” President Aoun wrote yesterday in a message to the campus community. “Each were kind, talented young women, with exceptional futures before them.”, A student studies in the Ryder Hall lobby on Friday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, After Joanne Sheehan’s, UC’91, mother died 10 years after being diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease, Sheehan set aside her own career to become an “Alzheimer’s coach” and help other families mange their loved ones’ care., Senior captain Kevin Roy buried an overtime game-winner to send the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team to a 4-3 victory against Maine on Saturday night and into the Hockey East quarterfinals. Men’s basketball upset Towson in the CAA quarterfinals but came up just short in a 73-70 loss to UNCW in Sunday’s semifinal match-up., A message from President Aoun:

A Tragedy in our Community

March 7, 2016

To all members of the Northeastern Community:

It is with the deepest sadness that I write to inform you that Victoria McGrath, DMSB ’16, and Priscilla Perez Torres, COS ’16, have perished in a car accident while traveling overseas. Victoria and Priscilla were vibrant, beloved members of our community, and their passing leaves a grievous absence in our community and in our hearts. This is a heartbreaking loss to their families, friends, and to all of us in the Northeastern family.

Victoria was from Weston, Connecticut, and survived severe injuries during the Boston Marathon bombing. She was devoted to helping others through leadership in student organizations and community service work. Priscilla came to Northeastern from Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, and was passionate about travel and working on issues related to nutrition and women’s health. Each were kind, talented young women, with exceptional futures before them.

In times of tragedy, our community is the foundation of our resilience and the source of our strength. Should you need support, counseling and other resources are available from the Office of Student Affairs at 617-373-4384, wecare@neu.edu and the Center for Spirituality, Dialogue and Service, at 617-373-2728 and csds@neu.edu.

May we all join together in sympathy and heartfelt support for the McGrath and Perez Torres families, and for Victoria’s and Priscilla’s friends and classmates. Victoria and Priscilla touched many of our lives, and we will miss them terribly. Our prayers are with their families and loved ones.

Sincerely,

Joseph E. Aoun
President

http://bit.ly/1LMkDL9, More than 180 students will participate in the Center of Community Service’s Alternative Spring Break program this week. One group of young humanitarians will volunteer with a Texas-based nonprofit that was founded by labor rights activist César Chávez to help families living in rural sub­di­vi­sions along the Texas-Mexico border effect positive social change in their community., The Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team made history Sunday night when it was selected for the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history. With an at-large bid, the Huskies will travel to face No. 1 Boston College on Saturday at 1 p.m. at Conte Forum in Chestnut Hill., Northeastern Men's Basketball has advanced to the CAA Semifinal game for the fourth straight season and will face the No. 2 seed UNCW at 3:30 p.m. on Sunday. The game will be live streamed on NBC Sports., Change­maker Day, a new artist at Green Line Records, and one student’s “cut­ting edge” way of trying to land an intern­ship with The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon are among our selec­tions from the North­eastern com­mu­nity this week., Northeastern Men's Basketball will open its CAA title defense Saturday night against Towson at 8:30 p.m. in Baltimore. Fans can watch the game on Comcast SportsNet (tape-delayed in New England) or online at CAA.tv. The Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey, ranked No. 6 in the nation, will face rival BU in the Hockey East semifinals on Saturday at 4:30 p.m., at Merrimack College., Ever wonder how a professional podcast gets made? First-year graduate student Lucy Burdge hosts the weekly WEEI Sports Radio Network podcast "The Broad Cast" featuring women in sports journalism and will walk you through how it happens. Join her on Snapchat by adding 'northeasternu'., A palpable energy will fill the air at Matthews Arena tonight as the men’s hockey team—winner of its past seven games—hosts Maine in the first round of the Hockey East playoffs. 

Another thing, too, will fill the air: the sound of fans singing and the pep band performing “Stacy’s Mom,” which has become a crowd favorite at hockey games., For students staying in Boston for spring break, we’ve put together a list of fun activities to try during the week off and a rundown of what campus services will remain open., A student on Wednesday walks by the “100 Years of Solitude” mural by artist Daniel Anguilu on the retaining wall of the Columbus Parking Garage bridge. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Paws isn't a puppy anymore. He knows he's not supposed to chew shoes, chase hoverboarders, or drink from toilets. But our Husky has a wild side. And now he's off leash. 
 
Paws will be marking his territory all over campus this month. He was last seen sniffing around President Aoun's office. Find out what he was up to and help us bring him home. A $100K donation to Northeastern is at stake. Visit www.northeastern.edu/pawsoffleash 
#pawsoffleash, The former associate head coach of the Northeastern Women's Soccer team is the fourth head coach in the program’s history. She joined the coaching staff in 2010 and has played an integral part in the Huskies’ recent successes, including Colonial Athletic Association championships in 2013 and 2014., Check out the amazing people, places, and events on Northeastern’s campus in February as documented through the lenses of university photographers., In a new study published by the journal Nature, a team led by Northeastern associate professor Purnima Ratilal-Makris used acoustic recordings to observe interactions between marine mammals and their prey over 100,000 square kilometers. They found that whales stick with their own species when it's time to eat., From an examination of the 2016 presidential election, a film festival on sustainability, to playoff hockey, there's a host of must-see campus events coming this month., On Tuesday, Northeastern students, faculty, and staff at the latest academic plan town hall meeting examined and shared ideas around diversity and inclusion, one of the core themes being discussed as part of the planning process., Last week the mayor of Ithaca, New York announced a plan to open sites where heroin users can safely inject the drug under medical supervision. Assistant professor Leo Beletsky thinks the idea isn’t that far-fetched, saying “We need innovative interventions because what we are doing is not working.”, William Detrich has been making research trips to Palmer Station in Antarctica for more than 30 years. Now, in recognition of his notable discoveries, a small island less than a mile away from the research facility has been commemoratively named after him.
http://bit.ly/1oYtLlW, It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade. -Charles Dickens. 17 days until spring!, Associate professor Daniel Kim used rigorous statistical methods from the field of economics to show how small increases in social spending on welfare and education can reduce the risk of dying., Facebook recently launched five new animated emojis. D’Amore-McKim School of Business assistant professor of marketing Yakov Bart explains how this innovation reflects the evolution of social media, as well as how businesses can take advantage and what impact it might have on the content you see in your own newsfeed. Read the full story: http://bit.ly/1QjRrd9, Members of the Northeastern community toured the Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex this past Thursday, as part of the university’s celebration of National Engineers Week. University photographer Adam Glanzman joined one of the tours to get a behind-the-scenes look at the new facility., Did we just become best friends?! - Kids play with 7-week-old Husky puppies inside Dodge Hall on Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1LSrrBt, The campaign for Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is working with a British data company to develop behavior-based models of American voters. As voters head to the polls today as part of #SuperTuesday, we asked professor Nick Beauchamp if the practice, called microtargeting, is the quintessential form of political persuasion or simply a dirty trick played on the unwitting public., A student walks by Dockser Hall on Friday afternoon. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, The men’s and women’s basketball and hockey teams combined to go 7-0 this past weekend. In track and field, the women’s team placed first at the New England Championships, while the men’s team finished second. The baseball team split its weekend series in Texas, and women’s swimming and diving concluded competition at the Colonial Athletic Association Championships., On Monday night, Northeastern will host its latest On Fire To Hire Startup Expo, where students and alumni will network with startups from a variety of industries seeking to hire co-ops, interns, and full-time employees. Here’s the story of how one student landed a co-op position after attending the event in the fall., Student leaders in the university’s social impact ecosystem who are working to harness the community’s “changemaking” spirit will showcase their efforts as part of Changemaker Day today in the Curry Student Center., Northeastern University provided a written response on Friday to the Boston City Council’s public hearing request on the tactical capabilities of the Northeastern Police Department. The university offers evidence that the hearing request is based on false information and unfairly singles out Northeastern., Our 2016 Commencement speaker announcement, a “change maker” designation, and the curious case of Cy Young are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this past week., Curry hurry. With Wednesday's rainy weather, many Northeastern students hung out in the Curry Student Center in between classes., The Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team is hosting a best-of-three series against Providence College, which started at 2 p.m. today, in the quarterfinal round of the Women’s Hockey East tournament. Meanwhile, the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team, which has won 11 of its past 13 games, will welcome the Black Bears of Maine to Matthews Arena Friday and Saturday at 7 p.m. for the final series of the regular season., On Sunday, as part of the Off Campus Student Services' Breakfast Club, a group of Northeastern students and community ambassadors will volunteer by cleaning up litter in the Mission Hill and Fenway neighborhoods. The Breakfast Club started in 2011 as a way for students to give back to the Boston community and has continued to grow. Follow along at ‘northeasternu’ on Snapchat to see what the group is all about!, A team of Northeastern students placed first at the 31st annual International Model NATO Conference in Washington, D.C. earlier this month, marking the fifth consecutive year in which a delegation from the university has won the competition., Christopher Kimball, creator of America's Test Kitchen, was on campus yesterday for the 'Future of Food' event that featured a lively Q&A with President Aoun, a showcase of Northeastern's student and alumni food entrepreneurs and innovative hors d’oeuvers supplied by Northeastern Dining., Frost, a two-month-old Husky, was spotted outside International Village on Thursday while taking a walk with her owner Boston resident, Zusex Romero. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Students on Wednesday walk past art by Cedric Douglas on display in Ryder Hall. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Four seniors will be recognized during a special ceremony tonight at 6:45 p.m. prior to the Northeastern Men's Basketball game against the College of Charleston. This is the Huskies’ final home game of the season and playoff implications are on the line., Hackers holding computer networks hostage has been a common practice for decades, but now the perpetrators are demanding money in exchange for stopping the attack. Northeastern cybersecurity experts Engin Kirda and Guevara Noubir explain why ransomware is becoming more prevalent and what you can do to protect your information., Graduate student Jorge Caraballo Cordovez wants to bring the digital media skills he’s learning at Northeastern back home to Colombia to help “reconstruct the social cohesiveness that decades of violence has torn apart.” He’s now received a Google News Lab Fellowship, which will help further his journey., Are you always looking for the next best thing in dining? Join President Aoun and America's Test Kitchen creator and host Christopher Kimball live on Thursday, February 25 for “The Future Of Food”. They will discuss new trends in food, how are eating habits are changing, and what lives ahead on the dining scene. Following the talk, there will be a food expo with several of Northeastern’s innovative food ventures. Register here: http://bit.ly/1R9wjX7 

Christopher Kimball will also be answering your questions – please add them in below and follow the conversation on Twitter at #NUFutureOf, “I’ve been very busy studying for midterms. I haven’t really gone out recently because it’s been cold and that’s good because I have to study.”, “It’s been extremely hectic this semester, espe­cially now because everyone is looking for a co-op. I would like to work with in product man­age­ment and with futur­istic prod­ucts. I worked at a com­pany that had an auto­mated pan­cake machine, a one-of-a-kind product. I’m looking to work with a product that is a game-changer.”, “I’m part of the National Res­i­dence Hall Hon­orary, and we set up a table to sup­port stu­dents during midterms. We had smoothies and ingre­di­ents for trail mix. And we teamed with FitNU who designed a workout for stu­dents who want to take an active break from studying.”, In recognition of its forward-thinking approach to food, Northeastern Dining was selected to join the Menus of Change University Research Collaborative, which promotes interdisciplinary research and practice to offer healthier, more sustainable menus in dining halls across the country., Northeastern research professor K.M. Abraham investigates self-balancing scooters to reveal the science behind their combustion., Northeastern Magazine spoke with banking executive Hayri Culhaci, MBA’87, about his formative experience at Northeastern and the impact of globalization on the Turkish economy during his quarter century with Akbank, one of the country’s largest commercial banks., Renee Powell, a Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design communications major, is taking over our Snapchat account today. She'll provide an up-close look at her life as a Northeastern student and Husky Ambassador. Follow along all day at 'northeasternu'. http://bit.ly/1KHtL3t, “I had thought about being a doctor before this experience,” said Keeyon Olia, S’18, “but not as seriously and not with as much confidence.”, John Kerry, who is the United States’ top diplomat, will speak to a gathering of 25,000 graduates, family members, university leaders, and friends from around the world during Northeastern’s 114th Commencement exercises on May 6 at TD Garden., The afternoon sun streams through Stetson West on Friday as students eat lunch. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Please join President Joseph E. Aoun and Christopher Kimball, creator and host of America's Test Kitchen for a conversation about “The Future of Food.” They’ll be discussing new trends in food, the ways our eating habits are changing, and what lies ahead on the dining scene. Following the event, meet Northeastern’s own food entrepreneurs and get a taste of new approaches to how we eat.

This event is part of "The Future of…”, a presidential speaker series that explores what's on the horizon for the topics that shape our lives.  Each event features a conversation with a leading thinker and innovator on themes like food, dating, the media — and more. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1R9wjX7, Northeastern Baseball opened the season with consecutive wins over No. 30 Oklahoma to highlight a successful weekend for Northeastern athletics. Men’s hockey continued its hot streak by sweeping UConn to earn its 11th win in 13 games, while women’s basketball defeated Delaware and UNCW, and women’s hockey won against rival BU., The university was recently designated a Changemaker Campus by Ashoka U for its innovative and meaningful contributions to social change in the global community, becoming part of a consortium of select higher education institutions worldwide., President Obama intends to fulfill his constitutional duty to nominate a new Supreme Court justice to replace Antonin Scalia, but Senate Republicans have vowed to block his pick. We asked Northeastern University School of Law professor Daniel Medwed how this political battle is likely to play out., A student walks through International Village as the afternoon sun shines brightly over Northeastern's campus. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, null, The Huskies are ready! Are you? Watch the two hottest teams in the CAA play at 2:00 pm ET TODAY on NBC Sports! Game preview here: http://www.gonu.com/news/2016/2/20/MBB_0220163756.aspx, The story of Max Plansky finding his voice, stu­dent entrepreneurship and inno­va­tion, National Resident Assistant Appreciation Day, and an alumnus’ big obses­sion with tiny houses are among our highlights from the North­eastern com­mu­nity., Get an exciting and up-close behind the scenes look at the Theatre Department's new production of The Heidi Chronicles, which runs now through February 28. http://bit.ly/1O6F9jI, Two stu­dents pho­tographed through a graphic on a Curry Student Center window enjoy coffee on Thursday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, In honor of National Engineers Week, three members of Northeastern’s Society of Women Engineers share what inspired them to pursue degrees in the field and how they’re working to attract more young women to do the same., Law professor Andrea Matwyshyn examines how this case might play out as well as its potential impact on future federal investigations, the average iPhone user’s privacy, and the global market., It took 3 extra frames, but the Northeastern men’s basketball team beat Colonial Athletic Association foe James Madison 95-94 Thursday night thanks in part to senior Quincy Ford’s team-leading 36 points. That is the most points a player has scored against a CAA opponent in school history., President Aoun writes on LinkedIn Pulse: "With advances in learning science and technology, you can now pinpoint your skills gap and get your higher education “à la carte.” These might take the form of certificates, boot camps, or stackable nano-courses, customized to meet your immediate career demands."

Have you tried customized programs to stay current in your career?, Rays of Sunshine - A student on Richardson Plaza is silhouetted by Wednesday’s late afternoon sun. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1oqZjQB, The university’s resident assistants monitor the safety and well-being of approximately 9,000 students. In recognition of National Resident Assistant Appreciation Day, we share some of their stories., Boutros-Ghali, the first African to serve as United Nations secretary-general, died on Tuesday at the age of 93. We talked with Denise Garcia, a professor of global governance and international law, about his legacy, the publication of “Agenda for Peace,” and his leadership during a tumultuous time in international diplomacy., Using statistical physics, network scientist Albert-László Barabási and his team have developed the first-ever tool to identify whether systems—be they technological, ecological, or biological—are in danger of failing. Thanks to their research, we now know where the tipping point is between resilience and collapse., A Helping Hand - Alumnus Brandon Holley, E’10, second from the right, works with mem­bers of the NUTRONS First Robotics Team 125 on their robot in the Richards Hall base­ment on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1R8DFu7, “This a friendly and wel­coming campus that inspires you to do this great type of edu­ca­tion that is totally dif­ferent from what I am used to being from Russia. I am very inter­ested in entre­pre­neur­ship and there are all these ways to create a net­work and find people whose work aligns with what you want to do.”, I’m really excited about grad­u­ating this spring. I’m plan­ning on going to grad­uate school after.”, “I’m in the Secu­rity and Resilience Study grad­uate pro­gram this year. I moved here from New Mexico after serving in the Air Force for six years. A couple days ago when it snowed people were saying ‘It’s only a few inches, it’s just a dusting.’ That is not a ‘dusting’ at all.”, When Michele (Richinick) Gorman, AMD’12, started her first co-op in 2009 at The Boston Globe, nearly everyone was sounding the death knell for journalism. But Gorman, who had wanted to be a reporter since her sophomore year in high school, proved them wrong. Today, she is a staff writer at Newsweek., Assistant professor Richard Wamai, an expert on HIV/AIDS and neglected tropical diseases, provides much-needed perspective on why the Zika virus has struck so fiercely and the public health measures that could halt it. Read the story: http://bit.ly/1Og9yMx, Northeastern sports teams completed a 6-1 weekend, with men’s basketball defeating Towson and Drexel, men’s hockey sweeping Massachusetts, and women’s basketball besting UNCW and Elon. The men’s and women’s track and field teams also posted strong individual performances at the David Hemery Valentine Invitational., Ryan and Abigail Koppes have been inseparable since they were 15-year-olds in Western Massachusetts. The Koppes, who work in the same lab as chemical engineering professors at Northeastern, shared their story with The Boston Globe as part of a Valentine’s Day feature on happily co-employed couples., Come April, the "chem-e-car" team will have spent more than 1,000 man-hours designing and fab­ri­cating the car. The machine itself, nick­name forth­coming, stands 18 inches tall and weighs approx­i­mately 25 pounds., Max Plansky is 16 years old who, like any teenager, is trying to find his own voice. But for Max, who has severe cerebral palsy, the effort is complicated. Now, thanks to new technology developed by Northeastern researcher Rupal Patel, and with the support of the Northeastern men’s basketball team, he has that voice. “He sounds compassionate. You feel his soul,” said his father, Michael. Max, in his new voice, put it more succinctly: “I sound like me.”, The death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia touched off a political debate on Saturday that could define President Barack Obama’s final year in office and bring new drama to an already contentious presidential primary. Professor Michael Meltsner, a constitutional law expert, said Scalia’s death is “a great blow to Republicans who have lost an icon” and “a gift to Hillary Clinton, who can now make electability even more of a central issue.”, President John F. Kennedy, then Senator from Massachusetts, received the Doctor of Laws hood on June, 17 1956, at the Boston Garden from Dr. Carl S. Ell, then President of Northeastern University. Kennedy was the commencement speaker before 1,384 graduating students. His subject was 'It's Your America Now.'" #PresidentsDay, This groundbreaking examination of feminism and its evolution from the 1960s to the 1990s earned both the Tony Award and the Pulitzer Prize. Northeastern's production of the play will run from February 16-28 in Studio Theatre., Snow on campus, co-op work showcased during the Super Bowl, and an alumnus helping basketball superstar Stephen Curry are among our selections from the Northeastern community this week., Just a little dance between a university president and a Nobel Peace Prize Laureate., In part two of our ongoing coverage, the students, a mix of journalism majors and political junkies, attended town hall meetings, interviewed voters, and explored some of the lesser-covered election topics, including Bernie Sanders’ age and the oft-neglected Asian American voter., What better time of year to explore the intersection of love and mathematics with OkCupid co-founder Christian Rudder?, Northeastern Men's Basketball and Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey will host a two-sport doubleheader at Matthews Arena. Men’s basketball will play Drexel at 1 p.m. followed by the men’s hockey game against Massachusetts at 7 p.m. Wear red to both games, and the first 1,000 fans at each game will receive a free gift., On Thursday, a team of scientists announced they had detected gravitational waves, ripples of energy across space-time sparked by the merging of two black holes. Northeastern physicist Pran Nath discusses the impact of the major breakthrough., Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Liberian women’s rights leader Leymah Gbowee captivated the Northeastern community Thursday evening with an inspiring talk of how she helped change a nation using interfaith collaboration and non-violent activism., Happy Friday Huskies! Stay warm this weekend!!, A journey of discovery - Palak Sharma, BHS’17, con­ducts research at the Center for Phar­ma­ceu­tical Biotech­nology and Nanomed­i­cine on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1muNLKX, Assistant professor Bryan Spring develops photodynamic therapies that both target malignant cells and halt new tumor growth. It’s a novel one-two punch approach to personalized medicine., Feminist icons Gloria Steinem and Madeleine K. Albright are facing a wave of backlash for comments suggesting that women who support Bernie Sanders instead of Hillary Clinton need to smarten up. We asked Suzanna Walters, director of Northeastern’s Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies Program, to weigh in on the controversial remarks., This evening  Leymah Gbowee, Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and leader of Liberia's interfaith women’s peace movement, visits Northeastern for a Keynote Address and Q&A with President Aoun. She will be taking your questions via Facebook below, and on Twitter, using #NUSpeakers. 

Seating in Blackman Auditorium is available on a first come, first serve basis. Additional seating will be available in the Curry Indoor Quad, where the event will be live streamed. http://bit.ly/1UOLiXp, Cheer on Kate Laubscher on Jeopardy! tonight!!

The political science and communications studies student will compete in the Jeopardy! College Championship semifinals at tonight 7:30 p.m. on CBS. A win would secure Kate a spot in the final round and a chance to play for $100,000. Check your local listings if you are not in the Boston area., The university community gathered for a “Fat Tuesday feast” at Northeastern Dining’s 15th annual Mardi Gras celebration, which featured contests, a live jazz band, Mardi Gras novelties, and traditional New Orleans fare., Thomas Webster, chair of Northeastern’s Department of Chemical Engineering, has 9 startup companies to his credit and years of experience commercializing his discoveries., Did meet your significant other at Northeastern? We’re writing a special Valentine’s Day story and would love to hear about how you made your connection. Email: j.oconnell@neu.edu, Freshman goaltender Brittany Bugalski stopped a career-high 42 shots, including 12 in the second period, but the Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team was unable to find the back of the net and lost 7-0 to Boston College in Tuesday night’s Beanpot championship., Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders won a landslide victory in the first-ever news@Northeastern presidential primary election, capturing 68 percent of the Democratic vote. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz captured 33 percent of the Republican vote to earn a narrow win. Meanwhile, in New Hampshire’s first-in-the-nation primary, it was Sanders and Donald J. Trump who carried the day., Can't make it to tonight's Women's Beanpot Championship? Don't worry, we've got you covered. Follow along on Snapchat with DogHouse member Joe Barbito live from Walter Brown Arena. Add us at 'northeasternu'., President Aoun and Christian Rudder, co-founder of the dating app OkCupid, talk about “The Future of Dating” on Thursday, Feb. 11 at 4 p.m. Mr. Rudder is also the author of the best-selling book, Dataclysm. Followed by a Q&A, President Aoun and Mr. Rudder will discuss the intersection of mathematics and relationships, and how data and innovation are transforming the future of dating. 

Ask your questions below and sign up for the event here: http://bit.ly/1T3UnN9, Winners of 14 straight games, the No. 6 Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team will look to claim a record 17th Women’s Beanpot crown tonight against No. 1 Boston College at 7:30 p.m., at Walter Brown Arena on the BU campus. Students will be admitted free-of-charge with a valid student ID., Dozens of Northeastern students have worked as part of their global experiential program to help solve the world’s biggest humanitarian crisis., Northeastern students took advantage of their day off on Monday to play in the snow and catch up on school work. Photos by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University.

See more photos: http://bit.ly/1V0CSw5, The Beanpot Tournament, a Northeastern student on Jeopardy!, and recognition for the university’s exceptional research are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern University will be open and fully operational on Tuesday, Feb. 9. All classes will resume as normal and administrative offices will reopen., Austin Gallagher, MS’10, founder and president of Beneath the Waves, a nonprofit dedicated to conducting conservation-based research, was selected as one of 2016’s top 30 scientists under 30 years old., Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey looks to stay unbeaten in 10 of its past 11 games when thet battle No. 7 Harvard today in the Beanpot consolation game at 4:30 p.m. at TD Garden., In honor of the New Hampshire primary, we decided to give our campus community its own turn at the ballot box. Cast your vote in what we’re calling the Northeastern primary. We’ll share the results on Wednesday, comparing our campus vote with that of our neighbors in the Granite State., Last week Facebook reported that each of us is connected to everyone else by just three-and-a-half other people. Northeastern network scientist Albert-László Barabási offers a more comprehensive view: the number is a “toss up,” depending on the density of the network., Monday classes cancelled, administrative offices closed
 
The National Weather Service is predicting eight to ten inches of snow for the greater Boston area starting later this morning. The snow is expected to fall throughout the day accompanied by high winds, creating blizzard-like conditions and hazardous commutes later in the day.
 
As a result, Northeastern is cancelling all day and evening classes, and closing administrative offices today.
 
The safety of our community is our top priority, and keeping non-essential operations closed will ensure that our facilities crews can manage the effects of the storm and maintain a safe campus. 
 
Online classes remain unaffected and will continue to be accessible to students. Northeastern's regional campuses in Charlotte, NC, Seattle, WA and Silicon Valley will remain open.
 
Dining halls: International Village and Stetson East will continue to operate as usual. Retail locations will be closed. 
 
Study, Recreation: The Library, Curry Center and Marino will remain open.
 
Events: No decision has been made regarding the Beanpot scheduled to take place in the TD Garden tonight. 
 
We are closely monitoring the weather and will notify the campus community via email, social media and the university homepage as the storm progresses. All updates and information can also be found at: http://bit.ly/NUAlert, Starting early Monday morning, snow is expected to hit much of the Greater Boston area and continue throughout the day with increasing intensity at times.

Northeastern is closely monitoring the developments throughout Sunday night and will inform the community by 6:00 am on Monday (2/8) about any decision regarding class schedules and business hours via email, Twitter (@northeastern) and Facebook. 

All weather-related updates can also be found on northeastern.edu/emergency, null, Please join President Aoun on Thursday, February 11 for an event featuring Leymah Gbowee, Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and leader of the interfaith women’s peace movement that helped bring an end to Liberia’s second civil war.
 
Seating in Blackman Auditorium is available on a first come, first serve basis. Additional seating will be available in the Curry Indoor Quad, where the event will be live streamed. http://bit.ly/1UOLiXp, Do you wanna build a snowman? Jason Langshaw and Jasmine Torrey put the final touches on their snowman(woman) in the height of the storm on Friday., Snow turned the Boston campus into a beautiful winter wonderland on Friday, February 5. University photographers Matthew Modoono and Adam Glanzman went out to capture some of the scenes., The deadline to register to vote in the Massachusetts presidential primary is Wednesday, Feb. 10. Not registered? We have you covered. Haley Havens, S’19, of Democracy Matters at Northeastern, helped put together a list of everything you need to know to register., “It’s full steam ahead,” said Alex Walecki, SSH’16, who was looking to find his first professional job in the consulting field. “There’s no reason why I wouldn’t come to an event like this.”, In part one of our ongoing coverage, a dozen Northeastern students, a mix of journalism majors and political junkies, met with reporters from NPR and CNN at a town hall meeting in New Hampshire for Republican candidate John Kasich. They even interviewed top campaign strategists and Kasich himself., Human relationships, Big Data, and the intersection of love and mathematics. These topics, and more, at “The Future of Dating” discussion with OkCupid co-founder Christian Rudder, hosted by President Joseph E. Aoun. http://bit.ly/1SLOPXr, An examination of the future of dating, a speech by a Nobel Prize winner, and “New Orleans on Huntington Avenue” are just some of the events happening at Northeastern this month that you won’t want to miss., Be sure to wear black tonight to help “blackout” Matthews Arena for the Northeastern Men's Basketball game against William & Mary! 500 students will receive a 6th Man T-shirt. 

Tip-off is at 7 p.m. and the game will be broadcast live on Comcast SportsNet New England., “This semester I am really looking for­ward to get­ting more involved on campus. I’m still looking around at the dif­ferent groups to see which I might join. Some­thing I’m really into is reading comics books.”, “Every day I smile for the stu­dents and they smile back. They say to me: ‘Alicia, I don’t know who is going to make my day happy after you leave.’”, “This past break I spent a lot of time with my family. I have to travel home by plane so it’s more worth while for me when I go back there. It was the first time I had seen them since I started classes in the fall.”, Nikos Passas, an international financial crime expert, was on Capitol Hill Wednesday telling members of a House Financial Services Committee task force that the global threat of trade-based money laundering is serious but that effective responses are within reach., Kelly O’Connell, E’16, came to college with interests in environmental issues and climate change. Today she credits Northeastern’s co-op program, backed by rigorous engineering courses, with guiding her toward her career goals., Don't miss your chance on Thursday from 12-4 p.m. to talk with over 250 employers who are hiring for co-op or full-time opportunities., It's Black History Month and Dr. King's legacy continues to inspire and empower all ages., Students, faculty, and staff discussed a range of topics—including diversity, interdisciplinarity, and faculty recruitment and development—that relate to the roles and needs of faculty over the next 10 years., January was an amazing month. See the people, places, and events on Northeastern’s campus as captured by university photographers., Today the man whose case was profiled on the hugely popular Serial podcast returns to court for a post-conviction hearing. 

Law professor Daniel Medwed, an expert in wrongful convictions, says that “Serial” and Making A Murderer have highlighted some of the chief flaws in our criminal justice system. But he is also dismayed by how the programs presented their cases., With the win, the Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team advances to its fourth Beanpot final in the last five years., Presidential education: Northeastern President Joseph E. Aoun visits with a lin­guis­tics class in Ryder Hall on Monday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, University photographers were on-hand at the TD Garden last night to capture scenes from the Beanpot semifinals. To see the full gallery, click here. http://bit.ly/20EVghN, Northeastern University Carnevale 2016 kicked off yesterday and will feature a variety of fun and culturally diverse events running through February 27. Here is a guide to some of the Carnevale 2016 events planned for the month., Northeastern DogHouse member Joseph Barbito will be in the stands tonight as Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey faces BU in the Beanpot semifinals. Look for his story on Snapchat (northeasternu)., null, Kate Laub­scher, SSH’18, will represent Northeastern on tonight's Jeopardy! College Championship. Tune in at 7:30 p.m. EST on CBS to watch Northeastern's first-ever participant compete in the second quarterfinal round of the tournament., In the new Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education released today, Northeastern is one of only 115 higher education institutions nationwide in the top tier for research activity, elevating Northeastern into a powerhouse on par with the nation's elite research colleges and universities., As part of her daylong visit to Northeastern's campus, women's rights trailblazer Gloria Steinem met with student leaders to offer advice and wisdom for getting involved with social movements., Wishing you could be in the DogHouse for tonight's Beanpot game? Follow along with student/superfan Cam Fletcher as he takes over Northeastern's Snapchat account (northeasternu) and cheers on Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey!, null, Northeastern's celebration of Black History Month begins today and will feature more than a dozen educational events throughout the monthlong series., As one of the nation's premier boxing judges, Northeastern alumnus Glenn Feldman, LA’77, had a ringside seat for the 'Fight of the Century' last May., The Northeastern Men's Basketball team announced its plans to participate in the BASKETBALL AID International Tour 2016 in Germany this summer where they will compete against professional German teams and attend events to support the tour's charitable background., With the price of oil the lowest it has been in a decade, D’Amore-McKim School of Business professor Jeffrey Born explains why falling gas prices may be good for your wallet, but bad for the economy., Chief of Police Michael Davis and Vice President for Student Affairs Madeleine Estabrook explained their strategy to promote campus safety, both at home and abroad, at the first Faculty Senate meeting of 2016., In Wednesday's 'Chronicle of Higher Education', Northeastern President Joseph E. Aoun wrote of the role higher education can play in an increasingly robotized economy, saying, "The robot age invites people to be not drones, servants, or vagabonds, but creators.", Unexpected findings about fear responses from Northeastern researcher Rebecca Shansky could have implications for better treating people with post-traumatic stress disorder., Going with the flow. Water from melted snow flows off of the roof of a West Village residence hall and showers into a fine spray toward the ground below., A stellar professional reference can set you apart from other qualified candidates in a job search. Here are five tips for identifying and making the most of job references., Northeastern refutes claims regarding the university's strategy to respond to a possible active-shooter situation on campus with a letter to members of the Boston City Council detailing the timeline and rationale behind the decision., Northeastern becomes one of just 15 universities to receive a 'positive' bond rating outlook from Moody's Investors Service, reflecting a range of Northeastern's strengths and strategic investments., In addition to obtaining a degree through Northeastern's doctoral program in population health, Cassidy Griffin, PhD'20, contributes to cutting-edge research as part of a new partnership with Massachusetts-based health information company MEDITECH., President Aoun attended the Northeastern Student Government Association Senate meeting last night to encourage student participation in shaping the next academic plan, offering this advice, "If you want to be an agent of change, enlist people to work with you, engage with you, and succeed you.", Northeastern opened its Holocaust Awareness Week with a heartrending commemoration on Monday morning. Events, including lectures, a staged performance and an art exhibit, will continue throughout the week., Add 'northeasternu' on Snapchat to watch a day-in-the-life takeover by Husky Ambassador Victoire Cointy as she posts her story to Northeastern's Snapchat account today., Stick to your New Year's resolution to eat a healthier diet in 2016 with these tips from Northeastern Dining's Christine Clark., Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey and Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey continue on a hot streak, both sweeping their opponents over the weekend as the teams head into the Beanpot Tournament., Due to safety concerns, using and charging hoverboards inside Northeastern residence halls and other university-owned buildings is now prohibited., Northeastern criminologist Amy Farrell and her research partners conducted the first-ever report on the effectiveness of anti-human trafficking efforts in the United States. The findings were published today by the National Institute of Justice., Snow on campus, Northeastern’s Martin Luther King Jr. convocation, and #iheartcoop are among our selections from the Northeastern community this week., The men's and women's hockey teams are a combined 14-0-1 over their past 15 games. The sixth-ranked women's team hosts Connecticut tonight at 7 p.m., while the men's team faces Merrimack on Saturday at 7 p.m., To help students make the most of living in a shared space residence director Emily O’Brien provides some useful tips., We’ve all seen them—and perhaps been them—the people meandering through campus, eyes fixed on their phones rather than enjoying the world around them. Mariya Shiyko, assistant professor of applied psychology, offers tips on helping you conquer your reliance on technology., Members of the Northeastern community gathered Thursday night to discuss that question, particularly in terms of inclusion and diversity, as part of the “Conflict. Civility. Respect. Peace. Northeastern Reflects” educational series., Standing tall. A Northeastern campus squirrel reacts in disbelief when told that it is #SquirrelAppreciationDay, Whether it’s learning to speak a new language or play a new instrument, Susan Ambrose, Northeastern’s senior vice provost for undergraduate education and experiential learning, suggests a step-by-step approach for broadening your horizons. http://bit.ly/1ZEgeLj, Six Northeastern co-op veterans share some of their workplace wisdom., Philip Larese-Casanova, assistant professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering who studies the chemical processes of water pollutants, examines the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan., The bitter cold has returned to Boston but Northeastern students, like this one outside Snell Library, come prepared. Staff photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1QmPBK0, Associate professor Maria Dolce, in collaboration with the Harvard School of Dental Medicine, is bringing nursing and dental students together to put into practice the role that oral health plays in overall health., Students living in residence halls now have access to more shows and movies after the university upgraded its cable offering, now called HuskyCable HDplus., "Because of Dr. King I am empowered." Watch the new video that premiered at Tuesday's "A Tribute to the Dream: Storytelling Through Music and Spoken Word" celebration., Last week’s poll revealed the top New Year’s resolutions of the Northeastern community. We want to help you stick to them. Here’s expert advice to those who want to save money in 2016., Members of the Northeastern community witnessed moving speeches and powerful musical performances on Tuesday for “A Tribute to the Dream,” an event honoring the life and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr., Gliding Through the Light - A student skateboards by Hayden Hall on Thursday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University
http://bit.ly/1U9hg0g, This spring’s Open Classroom series will explore the many challenges and opportunities facing Boston over the next 15 years. Get an overview: http://bit.ly/1T1g2pl, In the first installment of our series on how to keep your New Year’s resolutions, Northeastern alumna Sarah Gaines, the founder of Fit University, offers up five pointers for building a fitter physique in 2016., Students flocked to the Curry Student Center Indoor Quad on Thursday to learn more and ask questions about their peers’ recent co-op experiences abroad., Join us today from 3-4 p.m. ET for "A Tribute to the Dream: Storytelling Through Music and Spoken Word." The event will also be available via livestream. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1S1Oa3L, Headed to the top - A Northeastern student climbs the stairs in the lobby of the Behrakis Health Sciences Center., Don't forget to join us for a commemoration of the life of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on Tuesday at 3 p.m. The event features some of Northeastern’s own remarkable talent, and highlights jazz and blues music, in a jazz club atmosphere, in a nod to Dr. King’s enthusiasm for these genres. http://bit.ly/1RlxGEL, In The Frame - A student walks past the Egan Research Center during the first week of classes of the spring semester. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1WaUAhw, Please join President Aoun and the Northeastern community on Tuesday, January 19th at 3pm in the Curry Ballroom for "A Tribute to the Dream: Storytelling Through Music and Spoken Word.", Learn more about the creative process behind the work of "Visible Noize", a brand-new Northeastern Gallery 360 exhibit with artists John Jennings and Stacey Robinson. They were on campus this week as part of the show opening and “Why Comix? Drawing the World You Want to See”, a day-long conversation about the politics of race and identity representation in comics., The first day of classes, the Winter Involvement Fair, and Northeastern innovation are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week.Check out the full list: http://bit.ly/1JOpCK4, Northeastern Students - Reserve a seat for the 2016 Beanpot, Feb. 1 and 8, when the Huskies host their annual Beanpot student ticket sale in Matthews Arena following the women’s hockey game. 

Numbered vouchers will be issued to students starting at 1 p.m. All students must have their NUID, and there is a limit of one ticket per student., New research from two Northeastern University professors shows that in the days following Michael Brown’s fatal shooting, everyday citizens—not politicians, celebrities, or other prominent public figures—were the ones who, using Twitter, shaped the national dialogue., The agreement, which is subject to ratification by union members, was reached early Thursday morning in the 20th formal bargaining session with the Service Employees International Union. It includes wage increases and will provide qualifying part-time faculty access to the university’s three existing health plans., The Huskies, who are tied atop the Colonial Athletic Association standings, are back at Matthews Arena tonight to square off against the James Madison Dukes at 7 p.m.

Bonus: The first 1,000 students to arrive at the game will receive a free basketball jersey., Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs James C. Bean has appointed David Luzzi vice provost for research innovation and development and vice president for the Northeastern University Innovation Campus in Burlington, Massachusetts., Northeastern reached a tentative agreement early this morning on a first contract with part-time faculty working on the Boston campus. In announcing the agreement, Provost James Bean noted, “Our accom­plished and diverse fac­ulty is the back­bone and lifeblood of the uni­ver­sity. We deeply value the con­tri­bu­tions to our com­mu­nity made by all fac­ulty—part-time, full-time, tenured, and non-tenure track.”, John Wihbey, an assistant professor of journalism and new media at Northeastern, examines Sean Penn's Rolling Stone interview with noted drug lord Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán., Join us today on Periscope at 12 p.m. today for a live video Q&A interview with John Jennings, a national recognized cartoonist, designer, graphics novelist, and associate professor of visual studies at the University at Buffalo (SUNY). His exhibit “Visible Noize” has just opened at Northeastern Gallery 360.
 
To follow along visit: http://bit.ly/1Rlxbuv or download the free Periscope app and follow ‘Northeastern’., #TBT Students work to clear snow off their cars in a university parking lot during the winter of 1986., Orange Filter - A researcher works in a lab in the Kostas Facility for Micro & Nanofabrication at the Egan Research Center on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/ Northeastern University 
http://bit.ly/1ZksyAf, To provide analysis of President Obama's remarks, we turned to professor Nick Beauchamp, an expert on U.S. politics and political methodology, who has developed a new method to visualize the language and themes of political speeches., Join President Joseph E. Aoun and the Northeastern community for a weeklong series of events celebrating the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Many great events are coming up! Take a look at the full calendar so you don't miss anything. http://bit.ly/1RlxGEL, The proposed 20-story building will provide some 800 undergraduate beds in apartment-style units. The multi-use project involves partnering with a private developer and represents an innovative approach to housing more students in university-supervised buildings., After 27 years as a dedicated Northeastern employee, Alicia Lezama is retiring. Her tenure at Northeastern Dining is a testament to how one individual can light up the worlds of many., President Barack Obama will deliver his final State of the Union address this evening. In a piece published by POLITICO, Northeastern’s David Lazer examined seven years’ worth of the president’s speeches and offered a unique look at what he’s had to say., Gbandi, a former associate head coach at Dartmouth, the 2000 Hermann Trophy winner, and a three-time All-American as a student-athlete at Connecticut, has been named the sixth head coach in Northeastern men's soccer history., We want to help. We’ll take the top 5 New Year’s resolutions—as voted on by you—and ask Northeastern experts for tips on how to stick to those resolutions. We’ll share their advice in a series of articles next week. So tell us, what’s your resolution?, Illustrator and graphic novelist John Jennings knows that when most people think about comics, they think of superheroes. Through exhibits like “Visible Noize” at Northeastern Gallery 360, he is working to change that preconceived notion., Heading back to class - Stu­dents walk past the Curry Stu­dent Center on Monday, the first day of the semester. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1SLZ6mB, Four Northeastern professors are using a grant award from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation to create a revolutionary search tool to help scholars curate digitized collections., One of the most popular spots on college campuses in January is, unsurprisingly, the gym. Here's a primer on how to get the most out of your workout, as well as alternatives like intramurals., A message from President Aoun:

"Dear students, faculty, and staff colleagues,
 
To understand the world, sometimes we need to look inside ourselves.  Recently, I experienced this when I took a DNA test to explore my genetic ancestry.  I discovered that my lineage, like that of all humans, is one of splendid variety, in my case tracing back to the Middle East, Africa, and Europe.  I learned that the fabric of my being contained a multitude of diverse strands I wasn’t even aware of.  It revealed an important truth: that diversity is not only something that exists between people, but within each of us.
 
From this perspective, then, it’s vital that we pause to contemplate the role of diversity in our lives and communities.  This includes grappling with the important and challenging questions now being asked at universities around the country. 
 
Northeastern is a community dedicated to the ideal of a global fellowship of learning.  I personally believe that this fellowship flowers most radiantly when it is rooted in different viewpoints and approaches to the world.  Indeed, learning and diversity are indivisible from each other.
 
These lessons do not always come easily.  Growing up in a war-torn country, I witnessed the spark of diversity’s friction and the tragedy that ensues when, instead of being used as a source of illumination, it is used to fan the flames of conflict.  But when we engage it with open hearts and open minds, diversity makes possible the prospect of peace, harmony, and mutual enrichment. 
 
That is why I believe so strongly, as we all do, in Northeastern’s mission to engage with the world.  Only as a diverse community—grounded in an appreciation of difference as a source of strength, not weakness—can we conquer the challenges that often divide our society..."

Read the rest of his message:
http://www.northeastern.edu/president/2016/01/11/a-call-to-action-deepening-diversity-on-campus/, "The most important part of this weekend was getting four points against a tough team like UNH," Coyne said after the game. "But it's a tremendous honor, and a testament to my teammates over the last four years. To surpass someone like coach Witt is pretty special since she's such a tremendous player and coach.", Here’s a rundown on important dates regarding “I Am Here” registration, campus recreation, and big events happening this week, along with tips on making the transition from winter-break mode back to the classroom., The start of the new semester, Husky pride, and stu­dent research are among our selec­tions from the North­eastern community this past week., As a student walks past the Knowles Center on Wednesday he looks to have campus all to himself. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1O8RmId, We've got a week filled with events and opportunities to meet fellow classmates and become more familiar with campus and your new city!! View the complete schedule of events., Behind a school record-tying 14 threes, the Northeastern men’s basketball team improved to 3-0 in conference play., A memorial service for Dennis Njoroge will be held this Sunday, Jan. 10, at 2 p.m. at the St. John’s Anglican Church, located at 29 Main St. in Sutton, Massachusetts. Visiting hours will be held the following Saturday, Jan. 16, at St. John’s Anglican Church from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., which will be immediately followed by a funeral service., The two Middle East nations are in the midst of a heightened confrontation. Professor Valentine Moghadam, an international affairs expert, explains why relations between these countries have been strained for some time., Come on back! A view through a partition in a mostly empty digital media commons in Snell Library on Thursday as it awaits the return of students., Epic Sunset - The sun sets behind the Interdisciplinary Science & Engineering Complex on Thursday evening. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Psychology professor Peter J. Bex and colleagues have reached a new understanding of why our peripheral vision is poor. The discovery could lead to treatments for eye diseases such as age-related macular degeneration., Shadows on Wednesday create a grid pattern on a floor in Kariotis Hall. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1K00jj8, Faces of Northeastern - The start of the new year means new opportunities in education and careers, as well as the ever-present threat of snow. Meet Adam, Brendan, and Shubha. http://bit.ly/1QIE454, Each year, 20 undergraduate and graduate students get hands-on experience in marine science through the Three Seas Program as they live, study, and conduct research with world-class faculty in three seaside locations., Abayomi Yussuf, PhD'19, and Paul Elliott, PhD'16, work on nanorods in Professor Hanchen Huang's lab in the Egan Engineering/Science Research Center on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1PKoyGw, With their fourth straight win, the Huskies have now scored at least five goals for the 12th time in 20 games this season., President Aoun's ambitious Public Art Initiative is transforming the campus. Why now? And what's next?, Arthur F. Kramer has more than 25 years experience in academic administration and brings exten­sive trans­dis­ci­pli­nary research prac­tice to this crit­ical role in helping to con­tinue ele­vating Northeastern’s research port­folio., Cold temperatures and light snow returned to Boston as students walk through Snell Quad on Monday afternoon. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1Pds8WN, Colleen Gallagher, an electrical and computer engineering student, shares what it was like working alongside toy designers during her co-op at Hasbro Gaming., For the second time this season, the Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team swept the Hockey East weekly awards., 93% of recruiters say they review can­di­dates’ social media brands before making a hiring decision—and more than half of those recruiters say they’ve recon­sid­ered hiring someone based on what they’ve found online., The seventh row of the periodic table is now complete. Chemistry professor Michael Pollastri explains why this is an important milestone for science., Tea Time: Two students sit in Argo Tea inside Snell Library late last month. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University
http://bit.ly/1VBzJDH, With the win the Huskies leave North Carolina with a 10-5 record, 2-0 in the CAA. The 10-5 start is the best for Northeastern since the 2008-09 season., Professors Srinivas Sridhar and Thomas Webster launched the Nanomedicine Academy of Minority Serving Institutions to bring a diverse workforce into this emerging field and cutting-edge medical advances into the world., There are some exciting, unique and thought-provoking events scheduled for this month, including the university’s celebration of Martin Luther King Jr.’s life and legacy, and the international co-op fair., A message from President Aoun:

"Dear Members of the Northeastern Community,

It is with deepest sadness that I’m writing to inform you that the search for our missing student, Dennis Njoroge, came to a tragic conclusion on New Year’s Eve.  Since Dennis’s disappearance several weeks ago, many members of the Northeastern community joined city and state law enforcement officials in a sustained effort to locate him. We have confirmed through our work with the Massachusetts State Police that the search has now ended.

Born in Kenya, Dennis graduated from Burncoat High School in Worcester, and was currently studying Media Arts at the College of Arts, Media and Design.  He was a familiar face to students at the basketball courts in Marino, and was looking forward to beginning a co-op at a television news station in Boston this month.  Over the holidays, we continued to hope for Dennis’s safe return, even as we felt his absence.  He will be missed greatly.

I’m deeply grateful to every member of our community, especially Dennis’s fellow students, who leafleted and held events raising awareness of his disappearance.  I also thank the members of the NUPD and our Division of Student Affairs, who have provided such caring support during this difficult time.

I know all of us join in sending our most profound condolences to Dennis’s family and friends.

I encourage anyone who requires counseling services or other assistance to contact We Care at 617-373-4384 or www.northeastern.edu/wecare.  As always, our community will be here to help anyone who needs support in light of this tragic news.

In sorrow, I wish you a safe New Year.

Sincerely,

Joseph E. Aoun

President

http://www.northeastern.edu/president/2016/01/02/dennis-njoroge/, Happy New Year Huskies! We wish you a happy, healthy, and successful 2016!, Expert advice from psychology professor Lisa Feldman Barrett for keeping your goals past the February doldrums., A Northeastern University journalism class in partnership with The Boston Globe and WCVB Channel 5 Boston, under the direction of journalism professor and WCVB investigative reporter Mike Beaudet, mailed requests for public records to 351 Massachusetts cities and towns. In a majority of cases, the cities and towns either missed deadlines or didn't respond to the students' repeated requests., 2015 in the rear view mirror. A look back at a few Northeastern images from this past year. Have a great break Huskies!!, null, Some university services will remain open over the winter break. Here are the hours of operation for Snell Library, SquashBusters, Dining Services, and more., The Northeastern Men's Basketball team knocked down a season-high 13 3-pointers en route to a 77-65 win over Vermont Tuesday afternoon at Matthews Arena., We asked professors from a variety of disciplines to put on their holiday fun caps and think about how their research might be used to improve Santa’s sleigh., This year Northeastern saw ambition and success across the university community, from the opening of East Village, to the expansion of the Global Network, to the men’s basketball team’s March Madness appearance. We can’t wait to see what’s in store for 2016!!, Northeastern staff members pose for a photo with President Joseph Aoun at the university holiday party last week. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1OJy0qL, If you’re spending winter break in Boston, here are some fun events and activities to try. http://bit.ly/1RDhcI0, We asked Carter Sigl, president of the Northeastern University Film Enthusiasts Club, to share his short list of the movies you should be excited to see in theaters over winter break., Before heading off for winter break, students shared how they celebrate the holidays, as well as the best and worst gifts they’ve received. Spoiler alert: Socks are a very unpopular gift., Meet Valkyrie, NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s humanoid robot that Northeastern professors will be conducting research and development on beginning early next year. http://bit.ly/1Ol70mU, A sellout crowd at Matthews Arena cheered on the Northeastern Men's Basketball team as they took on the top-ranked Michigan State Spartans., Some Northeastern co-ops will be working through the holidays, putting in long hours at Boston area hospitals and nonprofits., "In theory, it would be possible to create a backdoor that would only allow a government agency which has a “master secret key” to decrypt all encrypted data. However, in practice, such solutions would be extremely difficult to implement properly.", Mike McMurtry and Zach Aston-Reese scored for Northeastern as Freshman goalie Ryan Ruck made 26 saves., The joys of get­ting accepted into North­eastern, the hol­iday season, and finals week are among our selec­tions for tweets from the North­eastern com­munity this week., null, Artistic detail. The subject of El Mac's painting on the side of Meserve Hall seems to be putting the final touches on the top of a Christmas tree held up by seasonal red and green Adirondack chairs on Centennial Common on Thursday., In this new position, Brian Sullivan will lead marketing and branding at the university. He comes to Northeastern after holding senior marketing roles at the Boston Red Sox, Heinz, and Kraft Foods., We’re just hours away from the start of the highly-anticipated Winter Showdown between the Huskies and the Michigan State Spartans!, Check out the trailer for Gingerbread Disaster, the newest action-packed film of the holiday season. Everything seems safe in this gingerbread house community. But what lies beneath will test its structure and integrity. (Gingerbread Disaster is not yet rated.), December Sunshine - Students walk toward Centennial Common on Wednesday as the sun sets. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, The Northeastern Winter Showdown gets underway Friday at 8 p.m. when the women’s basketball team plays No. 24 Michigan State at Matthews Arena. This is the first time since 2012 that the Huskies will host a team ranked in the AP Top 25 poll., Faces of Northeastern - Ahmad, Alaina, and Dustin reflect on the past year and share what they hope 2016 will bring.
http://bit.ly/1QIE454, Join us on Periscope today (@northeastern) for a live look at Mohit Bhardwaj’s engineering research co-op in the Netherlands. He’ll be talking about what it’s like to live and work overseas and answer your questions. http://bit.ly/1XIaqiG, One of the biggest sporting weekends in Northeastern history is just days away. 

Check out Northeastern Athletics’ social media channels for ticket giveaways for all three events, including the sold out men’s basketball game. http://bit.ly/1RSC6BZ, A warm Northeastern welcome to all the early applicant admits! 
http://bit.ly/1UAIMEz, Groundbreaking scientific research published earlier this year by Northeastern researchers and their colleagues topped the list of the 100 scientific articles receiving the most media buzz and online attention in 2015, according to the London-based company Altmetric., Isabella Cuomo is taking over the Northeastern Snapchat account today from her self-developed international co-op in Belfast, Northern Ireland, where she works at the Institute for Conflict Research. To follow along with her story, download the Snapchat app and add “northeasternu.”, U.S. Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina spoke with students in the doctor of law and policy program during a Washington, DC conference last week on higher education law and policy. Courtesy Photo., Five gym-free workout tips to help you build a fitter physique courtesy of the Depart­ment of Health Sci­ences., The 31-page agree­ment, adopted after two weeks of nego­ti­a­tions, includes lim­iting the rise in the world’s average tem­per­a­ture to below 2 degrees Celsius—and pos­sibly even below 1.5 degrees Cel­sius., Kids with the Rus­sell J. Call Children’s Center enjoyed snacks during the opening recep­tion of an art show at Northeastern Gallery 360 on Thursday that fea­tures art­work by chil­dren of Northeastern fac­ulty and staff. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1lIz6wb, In its last game before the Winter Showdown against Michigan State, the Northeastern Men's Basketball team beat Stony Brook, 75-62, at Matthews Arena on Saturday. The Huskies were led by Jeremy Miller’s career-high 18 points., Over the past century, the discipline of physics has expanded exponentially, crossing boundaries into areas as diverse as biology and engineering. Network scientists in the lab of Albert-László Barabási analyzed how this growth drives technological breakthroughs that improve our lives., We asked a handful of students what gifts they were planning to give and receive this holiday season. The responses ran the gamut, everything from clothes and electronics, to handmade paintings and dream catchers., Students make stuffed huskies in Snell Quad on Thursday. This event was put on by Northeastern National Residence Hall Honorary who were collecting cans of food for donations. People that gave a donation were able to make a husky. Photo by: Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The start of finals, early decision admissions, and a bold basketball prediction are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Rabbi Mendy Posner and Jacob Brandt, CIS'16, prepare for the menorah lighting on Krenzman Quad on Monday evening. Photo by: Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The leading Republican presidential candidate this week called for a ban on all Muslims entering the country. Northeastern University School of Law professor Wendy Parmet says the ban would fly in the face of U.S. constitutional values, morality, and human rights., Stress expert and assistant teaching professor Kristen Lee Costa offers advice to help students navigate the every-day stress of college life by avoiding a handful of common pitfalls. http://bit.ly/1OX9jcZ, We sat down with Michael Davis, chief of the Northeastern University Police Department, to learn about the ins and outs of the department, its evolution, and its long-term goals., Ana Tarbetsky said her global experience in Sydney “felt incomplete” when her study abroad ended. So the Northeastern senior developed her own co-op and returned to pursue graduate-level research in educational psychology., Civil engineering students react as the earthquake-simulating shake table in the Snell Engineering Center attempts to destroy their gingerbread structures during the annual Structurally Stable Gingerbread House Competition held on Wednesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1HWDMbF, Terrorism theorist Max Abrahms explains how the Islamic State group’s reach beyond its centralized area should not come as a surprise, and neither should its impact on politics here in the U.S., Final exams begin on Friday, with students using Reading Day to prepare. We canvassed the campus community, asking a handful of students to discuss their favorite places to crack open their books., Northeastern University College of Engineering Prof. Mishac K. Yegian and civil engineering students used an earthquake-simulating shake table to test and destroy their gingerbread creations during the Annual Structurally Stable Gingerbread House Competition on Wednesday. The competition was hosted by NU ASCE. http://bit.ly/1XIaqiG, Provost James C. Bean on Tuesday led a discussion with faculty and staff that focused on a first draft of a new Northeastern essence statement, which is meant to encompass a collectively defined set of university beliefs and values., The achievements of Northeastern faculty, students, and staff garnered numerous awards, grants, and accolades throughout the year in fields from engineering and business to physics and literature., Faces of Northeastern - A favorite Northeastern moment for Greg is watching new students take advantage of all the possibilities available to them at the university. Julia and Eva are doing just that. http://bit.ly/1QIE454, The Huskies’ schedule, which was released Monday, is highlighted by the annual spring exhibition game against the Boston Red Sox in Fort Myers, Florida, on Feb. 29. Northeastern will also play Oklahoma, Washington State, Boston College, and Connecticut., The Health Sci­ences Entre­pre­neurs pro­gram celebrated its 10th anniver­sary this fall. Housed within the Bouvé Col­lege of Health Sci­ences, the pro­gram focuses on edu­cating entre­pre­neurs by providing them with the knowledge and tools to build suc­cessful com­pa­nies in the health sci­ences field., The Northeastern community will come together today for a gathering of hope for student Dennis Njoroge, who has been reported missing. 

Please join Dennis’ family, friends, classmates, and professors at 5 p.m. on Krentzman Quad in the hopes he is found safe. If you have any information about Dennis’ possible whereabouts, please call 617-373-4880. http://on.fb.me/1OegTwO, Final exams for fall classes begin on Friday. Here are five study tips to help you prepare, with insight from Beth Britt, an undergraduate student advisor and associate professor of English., Lars-Erik Miller of Brilliant Ice Sculpture, uses an electric chainsaw to sculpt a husky out of ice during the Winter Wonderland event held at Snell Quad on Monday evening. Photo by: Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1QtmgNe, Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities associate professor of Philosophy Serena Parekh asks, "What if we are engaged in the wrong debate about our moral obligations--one that distracts from a much harder set of ethical and political questions?", Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design student Emma Putnam snapped this photograph of Arinze Iwudyke, AMD'18, as he edits photos for his final project in the Ryder Hall Photo Lab last week., Senior Kendall Coyne passed Hilary Witt as Northeastern’s all-time leading goal scorer as the No. 7 Huskies rallied by Vermont, 2-1, on Saturday., Please join the Northeastern and greater Boston community on Tuesday, December 8 at 5:00pm on Krentzman Quad for a gathering of hope for student Dennis Njoroge, who has been reported missing., More than 1,000 students from Boston public schools attended the Northeastern Women's Basketball game against Maine on Friday for Boston Public Schools Day to celebrate the furthering of education. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Northeastern senior Nicholas Dowmon has had three co-ops in the energy sector, including an international co-op in Brazil. These experiences have fueled his desire to pursue a job in energy efficiency after graduation., As the City of Boston's first chief resilience officer, Atyia Martin, CPS’14, vows to focus on the long-term social problems that impact cities across the nation., Dashing through the rain... A Northeastern student walks briskly through the rain on Snell Library Quad this week., Thanksgiving wishes, love for co-op, and men’s basketball success are among our highlights for tweets from the Northeastern community., Northeastern University is asking for the public's help in finding student Dennis Njoroge who has not been heard from since November 29th.

If you have any information about Dennis' possible whereabouts, please do not hesitate to call 617-373-4880., From the start of the basketball season, Veterans Day, Mechanical & Industrial Engineering, Relay For Life, and the vigil in the Sacred Space, take a look at back at the best photos from November., Northeastern alumnus Michael Green, executive director of the Climate Action Business Association, has taken over the Northeastern Snapchat account today live from the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Paris. To follow along, download the Snapchat app and add “northeasternu.”
#COP21, As Amazon.com detailed its plans for Prime Air this week, University Distinguished Professor Vincent Harris explains why this revolution won’t be landing in front of your house any time soon. http://bit.ly/21BNgiP, Faces of Northeastern - Alissa, Dennis, and Mark share not only how they decided on their majors, but also what they like to do during their free time. http://bit.ly/1QIE454, “And here these guys went back and said, ‘Maybe we’re overthinking this.’ You don’t need to have a million dollars worth of equipment. You can go to Home Depot and maybe change the world.”, Banners commemorating last season's Colonial Athletic Association championship and NCAA tournament appearance were raised to the Matthews Arena rafters during halftime of the Huskies' game again Harvard on Wednesday night. Northeastern went on to win, 80-71. Photo by Jim Pierce/Northeastern Athletics, Here are tips for job interview success, with insight from employers and career counselors., Associate professor Rachel Jones was on the front lines fighting the AIDS epidemic when it first struck. Her new study, “Love, Sex, & Choices,” continues that work, using a soap opera video series to reduce HIV risk among urban African American women., Human Resources Management is offering a free webinar for faculty and staff on Thursday at 1 p.m., Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities student Sarah Pease is taking over our Periscope account this Thursday.

To follow along download the free Periscope app from the Apple App Store or Google Play and follow "northeastern." You can also click on this link starting at 2:15 p.m. EST: http://bit.ly/1XIaqiG

Join her and feel free to ask your questions!, Kamran Dadkhah, associate professor of economics, discusses the inclusion of the Chinese yuan as a world reserve currency, and the implications this decision might have for the international economy going forward., Locking up your credit card, baking your holiday gifts, and splitting the cost for Netflix with your friends are among the tips personal finance planning expert Coleen Pantalone has for students., There will be a pregame tailgate outside the arena at 5 p.m., and a halftime banner-raising ceremony celebrating last year’s Colonial Athletic Association championship and NCAA tournament appearance., Doing windows. Workers are making great progress on installing the siding and windows on the rear of the Interdisciplinary Science & Engineering Complex., This Friday, December 4th at 12pm in East Village 024, Northeastern University College of Engineering is hosting an information session about the new Project ATHENA SRC and NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration robot Valkyrie (R5). http://bit.ly/1XEZQcm, Lukas Kruegle, E'20, and his classmates in a first-year Northeastern University College of Engineering design class on Monday play a student-developed game called “Escape to Mars,” complete with 3D-printed dice. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1Pt0V88, The end of the fall semester is upon us, but there are still plenty of exciting and educational events. From the Winter Showdown with Michigan State to holiday celebrations and the annual gingerbread construction contest, we've got you covered., For the final installment of our fall recipe series, Northeastern Dining campus executive chef Tom Barton offers a delicious dish with a seasonal twist., Today is #GivingTuesday and Professor Patricia Illingworth says that while the day can greatly benefit charities, there are concerns with the unofficial holiday and that people should consider the impact of their charitable gifts., Favorite Study Place
 
Tell us about your favorite place to study for an upcoming story in Northeastern Magazine. Is it a local coffee shop? A spot with a great view? A private corner? A place to run into friends? Please send a short description of the location and a way to contact you so we can arrange for a photo.
 
Email the editor: b.ibelle@neu.edu, Northeastern Men's Basketball improved to 5-1 on the season after a big win over #15 Miami on Friday night. They will next host Harvard at Matthews Arena on Wednesday at 7 p.m., Students, faculty, and staff have organized a number of collection drives for toys, clothing, food, and toiletries to help people in need this holiday season. Here’s how you can contribute., Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower. -Albert Camus

To see more images from campus visit: http://bit.ly/1MemgPa, Quincy Ford made a jumper at the buzzer, sending Northeastern Men's Basketball to a 78-77 victory over No. 15 Miami on Friday., Watch or listen live at 2:30 p.m. EST as the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team takes on UMass Lowell in their first game at the Friendship Four in Belfast. http://bit.ly/1llbtJ8, “Of all the holidays in America, this is my favorite,” William Fowler, University Distinguished Professor of History, says of Thanksgiving. 

Listen to Fowler give an engaging talk on the history of the Pilgrims, Plymouth Rock, the first Thanksgiving, and much more., Happy Thanksgiving Huskies!! We hope you have a wonderful holiday. Be sure to check out our special Thanksgiving day page: http://bit.ly/1kTy3ZY, After transitioning from a career on Wall Street to pursue a Computer Science degree through Northeastern's ALIGN program, Jenny Wu made a splash in the tech industry by winning the Facebook Seattle Student Hackathon., The Northeastern community came together to share recipes, memories and more in this special Thanksgiving-themed page., Follow along as Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey competes in the Friendship Four tournament in Belfast, Northern Ireland this weekend. NESN and TSN will air all four games of the two-day tournament., For Northeastern community members spending Thanksgiving break on campus, here is a rundown of university services' hours of operation., Chef Michael Neal on Monday packs one of the 50 pies Northeastern Dining donated to Pie in the Sky to support Community Servings, which provides free home-delivered meals and nutrition programs to the critically ill. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1jhXL8s, For nearly 50 years, The Boston Phoenix was Boston’s alternative newspaper of record, the first word on social justice, politics, as well as the arts and music scene. Now, thanks to a gift from Phoenix owner Stephen Mindich, that work will be preserved for posterity in Northeastern University Libraries' Archives and Special Collections., Three faculty members—Jonathan Kaufman, director of the School of Journalism, Shakir Mustafa, teaching professor of Arabic, and Heather Littlefield, associate teaching professor in linguistics—explain the differences among the names ISIS, ISIL, and Daesh and why they matter., Join D’Amore-McKim School of Business alumna and Copé Active founder Caroline-Christine Wilhelm as she answers your questions about entrepreneurship in a live Q&A from London.   

To follow along download the free Periscope app from the Apple App Store or Google Play and follow "northeastern." You can also click on the link on our Twitter feed at today 2 p.m. EST.
http://bit.ly/1O2TnqN, Serving on boards of directors can be both challenging and rewarding. But how do women go about being asked to join them? The experts who spoke at the latest event in the Women who Inspire Speaker Series offered some answers., “I can’t stop lis­tening to this song my friend’s girl­friend made. She moved out to Los Angeles and is working with Bruno Mars’ label.”, “I was pas­sionate about get­ting involved with Asian groups at North­eastern. And because I am an engi­neering major, I got involved with the Society of Asian Sci­en­tists and Engi­neers my first year and have been on the e-board ever since.”, “I love lit­er­a­ture and the Intro­duc­tion to Shake­speare course I am taking is a fun break from all my sci­ence classes and it forces me to think differently.”, IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator's venture showcase highlighted the scope of Northeastern’s student- and alumni-led startups, from a micro-brewed coffee company to a customized backpack design business., Northeastern senior civil engineering major Logan C. Jackson was chosen as a 2016 Rhodes scholar. At Oxford, one of two master’s degrees Jackson plans to pursue is in evidence-based social interven­tion and policy eval­u­a­tion. Through this pro­gram, she hopes to gain skills she can com­bine with her engi­neering background to work in policy. Jackson is particularly interested in bringing greater diver­sity to the fields of sci­ence, technology, engineering, and math, or STEM., Congratulations to Northeastern University engineering student, Logan C. Jackson, on being named a Rhodes Scholar. An outstanding student and President of Northeastern's chapter of the National Society of Black Engineers, she is also a violinist and helps lead community services in her home state of Kentucky., Fall's fade. A tree on Richardson Plaza hangs onto its colored leaves against the setting sun as surrounding trees are bare. 

To see more from our Instagram visit: http://bit.ly/1MemgPa, Global Entrepreneurship Week, app privacy, Clybourne Park by Theatre at Northeastern University, MAVRCK's new funding, and a vigil at the Sacred Space were some of the highlights from the campus community this past week., Tonight is Military Appreciation Night as the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team takes on #1 Providence College Men's Ice Hockey at Matthews Arena at 7:30 p.m. 

Military service members, veterans and their families are cordially invited to attend a special complimentary pre-game reception where they can enjoy gameday snacks and cocktails, special giveaways and programming. The Huskies will also have a military themed giveaway, and auction their game-worn Military Appreciation Night jerseys next week. http://bit.ly/1LxemPK, #FollowFriday: Northeastern Crossing, who serve as a portal for members of the Northeastern community to interact with Boston residents through programming intentionally designed to foster collaborations., For D’Amore-McKim School of Business alumna Caroline-Christine Wilhelm, the drab exercise clothes filling European workout studios spelled “opportunity.” Searching out niche designers, she launched an online business that married fashion to fitness., “Any attempt to link Syrian refugees to the threat of terrorism is xenophobic scaremongering, pure and simple,” says Rachel Rosenbloom, an immi­gra­tion policy expert and asso­ciate pro­fessor of law at Northeastern., Northeastern and MIT are the only universities in the country chosen by NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration to perform advanced research and development work on humanoid robot prototypes—robots that could play a role in NASA’s plan to send astronauts to Mars., Do you make a mean apple cobbler? Is your mom's cranberry sauce or gravy recipe the best? We want to know.

We're compiling a list and sharing the best Thanksgiving recipes from across the Northeastern community. Email us: web@neu.edu, #ThrowbackThursday Northeastern University civil engineering students conduct a triangulation survey from the YMCA roof in 1921., Tonight at 6:30 p.m. in the Cabot Cage is NEXPO, Northeastern’s premier entrepreneurship exposition. This year it will feature IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator startups and the resources all around campus that support them. http://bit.ly/1QQg96i, "Con­front your fears—we all have them. Take that step and light that because yours will be a flame that nobody can put out."
— Jim Ziolkowski, buildOn founder, Northeastern Athletics will host Military Appreciation Night this Saturday, November 21st, when the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team welcomes No. 1 Providence to Matthews Arena. The Huskies will wear camouflage jerseys and the evening will feature a ceremonial puck drop by Michael Rush, a state senator and Iraq war veteran. More details: http://bit.ly/1kHD7k3, Students walk by the Visitor's Center as the afternoon sun shines brightly on Monday. Photo by: Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University

To see more photos from around campus visit: http://bit.ly/1LL9J3o, Check out the third install­ment in our fall recipe series from campus exec­u­tive chef Tom Barton., Social entrepreneur Anna Butler’s inspiration to found modzi began while on a Dialogue of Civilizations program in Zambia and continued during a self-developed co-op there., An interdisciplinary group of five Northeastern faculty experts reacted to and examined last week’s terror attacks in Beirut and Paris at a panel discussion Tuesday night., Looking for some new recipes? Watch our live Periscope broadcast of cookbook author Alana Chernila's cooking demo in the Xhibition Kitchen at 12 p.m. EST today. http://bit.ly/1O2TnqN, "Our goal is not to get more international students. Our goal is to globalize the university." - President Joseph Aoun, null, Congressman Joe Kennedy III and President Aoun highlighted the impact of public service and service-learning on Monday at a conference hosted by Northeastern., Annika Morgan, DMSB’16, didn’t plan on becoming the new face of Northeastern’s thriving entre­pre­neurial ecosystem. But here she is, the inau­gural Altschuler-Meyer CEO of IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator., Lisa Sinclair’s respon­si­bil­i­ties run the gamut, from writing amicus briefs for Supreme Court cases relevant to Northeastern’s interests to ensuring that the uni­ver­sity is in com­pli­ance with higher education laws., The university community gathered on Monday for a vigil in the Sacred Space to remember the victims of recent attacks around the world, including those in Paris last week. The vigil included reflection, prayer, song, and heartfelt remarks from President Aoun., A con­struc­tion worker on Friday works on the edge of the growing Inter­dis­ci­pli­nary Sci­ence and Engi­neering Com­plex facade as the sky is reflected in the win­dows. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1HPERSc, Among the reflections shared during today’s vigil was a very personal one. President Aoun opened up about his life’s journey as a Lebanese-born, long-time Parisian, who has brought to the U.S. memories of love, family and friendships lost and born from the fight for equality. He spoke to the crowd in Arabic, French and English., Both the Northeastern men’s and women’s basketball teams started the 2015-16 season with thrilling wins against crosstown rival Boston University on Friday. The men defeated the Terriers in overtime, while the women cruised to a 33-point victory. The women’s team also defeated Siena on Sunday., A research team led by Northeastern University College of Computer and Information Science - CCIS's David Choffnes has found “extensive” leakage of users’ personal identifying information from apps on mobile devices, including passwords. Their unique ReCon cloud-based system can detect those leaks and give you the tools to stop them., The Northeastern community will join together today at 11:30 a.m. EST / 5:30 pm. CET in the Sacred Space in Ell Hall for a vigil to remember the victims of the recent tragedies overseas. “As France mourns the many people lost in Friday’s violent attacks, the Northeastern community will continue to stand in solidarity,” President Aoun said in a message to the campus community. A live broadcast of the vigil will be available on Periscope/Twitter (@Northeastern) for those who are not able to attend. http://bit.ly/1HToheW, A message from President Aoun about Monday's vigil. If you are overseas, you can watch the event on Periscope:

"To all members of the Northeastern community,

Over the last week, our world has witnessed several terrible tragedies that have produced tremendous sadness and suffering. I ask every member of the Northeastern community to please join me tomorrow at a vigil to remember all the innocent victims of these recent tragedies overseas. As France mourns the many people lost in Friday’s violent attacks, the Northeastern community will continue to stand in solidarity.
 
We will broadcast the event via Periscope/Twitter (@northeastern) to members of our community who are currently overseas for work, study or travel. 

Vigil: 
A Time of Healing and Fraternity
Monday, November 16th 
11:30 a.m. EST / 5:30 p.m. CET
Sacred Space, Ell Hall, Northeastern University", From the Veterans Day ceremony and Relay For Life of Northeastern University, to the Winter Showdown and the Security and Resilience Studies program, check out some of this week's highlights from the campus community., North­eastern has con­firmed that 57 mem­bers of the uni­ver­sity community—two fac­ulty mem­bers and 55 under­grad­uate students—are cur­rently in Paris and are safe and well. The indi­vid­uals are in Paris on co-op, study abroad, the inter­na­tional busi­ness program, and the NUin pro­gram, as well as per­sonal travel., The 2015 Global Entrepreneurship Week at Northeastern kicks off on Monday, November 16th with series of interactive events hosted by the Northeastern University Center for Entrepreneurship Education. Come join us! http://bit.ly/VXtw4E, Veronika Berg, S’19, takes advan­tage of the warm weather last week to do some work on Cen­ten­nial Common. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, A message from President Aoun:

"Dear Members of the Northeastern Community,

The news of the attacks emerging from Paris has shaken all of us to the core. As events continue to unfold, I want you to know that we are actively working to confirm the safety and well-being of our students, alumni, and friends who are currently in the Paris region. We have confirmed the safety of many members of the Northeastern community
already.  

During this terrible time, may all of us keep the victims in Paris, and their families, in our thoughts and prayers. The Northeastern community will always be united in solidarity with the people of France; their ideals of liberty, equality, and fraternity will never be diminished by acts of unspeakable hatred and violence.

Sincerely,

Joseph E. Aoun
President", Run­ning a marathon is hard enough. Run­ning a marathon while knit­ting seems impos­sible. But Meredith Parmalee, DMSB’16, has mas­tered this unique skill and recently show­cased it at the TCS New York City Marathon on Nov. 1. Here she teaches marathon vet­eran and North­eastern web devel­oper Roger Donaghy how it’s done., A Q&A with Northeastern Women's Basketball head coach Kelly Cole and seniors Samantha DeFreese and Tiffany Mon­tagne., Beth Stevens, BPH’93, discovered a key function of microglia, a lesser-known type of brain cell, that is prompting a shift in thinking about brain development in healthy states as well as in neurological disorders like Alzheimer’s disease., The Huskies are looking to capitalize on the momentum and experience of last year’s thrilling run to the CAA title and NCAA tournament as they enter the 2015-16 season, which begins tonight at crosstown rival Boston University., Steven Fingar, a fourth year D’Amore-McKim School of Business student, has taken over our Instagram feed this week. Check out his beautiful photography and tips for exploring new places around Boston. http://bit.ly/1MemgPa, Photo by: Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Throughout Northeastern University School of Pharmacy, researchers are making progress in solving a range of pressing health challenges., The university on Wednesday held its annual Veterans Day ceremony, where one student veteran shared how injuries he suffered during deployment have inspired him to help others., "We owe a great deal to our stu­dent vet­erans who have given so much in ser­vice to the nation. In honor and recog­ni­tion of their con­tri­bu­tions and sac­ri­fices, we must pro­vide stu­dent vet­erans with an expe­ri­en­tial edu­ca­tion that allows them to leverage their unique lead­er­ship skills for their future careers.” —Joseph E. Aoun, Northeastern Uni­ver­sity president, "The fact is, though, that working with veterans began as a job, an occupation. A collection of functions and responsibilities that I thought I was shaping has, in reality, been shaping me. No longer just “a job,” serving this outstanding population of men and women has revealed itself as a calling. How lucky I am to have heard it." - Northeastern Director of Veteran & Military Services Andy McCarty, A message from President Aoun:

"Brian Fountaine, a student veteran, sacrificed more than most on his second tour of duty in Iraq. He lost a great deal, but he didn’t lose the drive to help others and to make the most of his opportunities. In this video, you can see how he’s doing exactly that.

Where others might have seen only loss, Brian saw a way to help those less fortunate than himself.  He’s now using his education in design to provide prosthetics to those who can’t afford them. 

Our veterans have served our country with pride and distinction. It’s the duty of America’s colleges and universities to serve them in turn. Too many veterans go from the trials of deployment to the trials of unemployment. By tailoring university support services to veterans’ unique needs, we can link their immense talents with the demands of the professional workforce, the economy, and society.

Our service members go above and beyond the call of duty to safeguard our country’s future. Let’s make higher education an even stronger force to safeguard theirs.", The new Center for Advancement of Veterans and Servicemembers includes a host of career development and scholarship opportunities, aiming to eliminate the gap between education and employment felt by returning veterans nationally., Q&A with Max Spahn, United States Marine Corps 2008-2012, 
President, Student Veterans Organization at Northeastern University, and Psychology student, class of 2017.

Why did you come back to school?

"I was at the University of Kentucky before I joined the Marine Corps in 2008. I wasn't doing well at school, needed a change of scenery, and had personal experiences that were calling me to serve. When my contract was finishing in 2012, I knew I was ready  and mature enough to return to school and finish what I had started years ago."

Why did you choose Northeastern?

"When I was in Afghanistan, one of my marines had a father who was getting his Master’s at Northeastern. They sent us a bunch of free tshirts, which I thought was really awesome and it put Northeastern on my radar. I visited Boston to attend a wedding and fell in love with it, and decided that was where I wanted to be." 

What program are you in and why did you choose it?

"I’m in Psychology, with a focus on behavioral neuroscience. I wanted to learn about my brothers and people who return back from combat that have trouble with mental issues like PTSD or traumatic brain injuries. I wanted to do research and help impact that." 

Your advice for other veterans thinking about returning to school?

"Stay the course. Stay your path and do what is right for yourself. A lot of veterans get caught up in sticking to the first thing they choose—it’s okay to change your mind and figure what makes you happy."

#VeteransDay, The Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design's Theatre Department presents the premiere of Clybourne Park, a provocative look at race in America, past and present this Wednesday, November 11th at 7:30 p.m. in the NU Studio Theatre. For information and tickets: http://bit.ly/1SGF5Mp, President Aoun strolled around campus last week in his fresh new pair of custom-made Converse Chuck Taylors, in Northeastern red with a Husky paw print logo. Watch him run, slackline, and Whip/NaeNae., Snapchat recently updated its privacy policy, causing an outcry among users. Northeastern University School of Law professor Jessica Silbey, an expert in intellectual property, explains what the new policy does–or doesn’t–change, and offers advice for social media users., “When I think of Vet­erans Day, I don’t think about myself. It’s about all those who came before and made that sacrifice.”, “To me, Vet­erans Day is a time to honor those who served and cele­brate prior service.”, “I see Vet­erans Day as a time to get together with those who you shared the deploy­ment expe­ri­ence with, and enjoy that camaraderie that kind of goes away once you are in civilian life.”, “The vet­erans ser­vices at North­eastern are the main reason I applied only to this school. From the assis­tance with books and parking, to offering a place to study, to the cama­raderie, every­thing sets North­eastern apart.”, “Being in the mil­i­tary has had a major impact on my life. It offered a lot of once-in-a-lifetime oppor­tu­ni­ties, like being sta­tioned in Germany when I was 19 years old. And Vet­erans Day is a time when we acknowl­edge everyone who took the steps to ensure our freedom and made that sacrifice.”, “Being a vet­eran means I’ve joined a fra­ter­nity of men and women who were willing to chal­lenge them­selves more than they ever thought pos­sible. We put our country and the mis­sion first. Veterans Day is an oppor­tu­nity for the nation to show that they see what we’ve done, what we con­tinue to do. And hope­fully they recog­nize that we did it all, at least in part, for them.”, Northeastern students will receive free admission tonight to The Institute of Contemporary Art/Boston's first ever College Night. Just present your Husky Card ID at the door., Campus in the Fall. Even though we're now into November there is still plenty of color around the Boston campus. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Former U.S. Rep. Barney Frank and retired federal judge Nancy Gertner discussed, during last week’s Myra Kraft Open Classroom lecture, the ramifications of the U.S. Supreme Court between 1953 and 1969, when Earl Warren served as chief justice., Q&A with John McGuinness, U.S. Army Veteran and Electrical Engineering student, class of 2018. 

John spent 6 years in the Army Infantry as a machine gun team leader and radio operator.

Why did you choose Northeastern?
"Grew up in the Northeast and have always thought of Northeastern as one of the most prestigious schools in the area." 

"When I was looking to get out of the army, I had no idea what I wanted to do. When I started thinking about what had career potential and what I might enjoy, electrical engineering came to mind. I’ve always been interested in computers. While in the army, I had some projects where I was assigned a lot of technical things that came down the pipe—and I always got pinned with that since I was the “computer geek” in the platoon. So I tried to think about what field I might have job prospects in and be able to carry my experience over, since that’s what interests me. In my program, I hope to work with a lot of defense contractors in the area, where I can actually bring my experience to the work. I can tell the company how people are actually using some of their devices and provide feedback on its design."

His advice to other veterans:
"Use your GI Bill. It breaks my heart how many veterans don’t use it. Don’t get disheartened when it’s a challenge. I thought that it might be easy, and it wasn’t. It was hard. It was a real challenge and that shocked me. You’re gonna have to keep going and keep driving, but it’s worth it.”

#VeteransDay, Renata Moori, left, and Barbara Feitosa, both E'16, pose with some stuffed Huskies in the photo booth at the #HomecomingNU Extravaganza in the Curry Student Center last week. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University 
http://bit.ly/1Hqd4aB, This week Steven Fingar, a fourth year D’Amore-McKim School of Business student, is taking over our Instagram feed. Fingar says he draws inspiration “from living in New York City during my first co-op and being surrounded by creative individuals on a daily basis.” Follow Northeastern on Instagram to see his creative work. http://bit.ly/1MHgaDn, Freshman Brittany Bugalski made 33 saves and sophomore Ainsley MacMillan notched a goal and an assist to push the Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team to its sixth straight win, 3-1 at Maine on Friday night., Northeastern University School of Law professor Margaret Burnham highlighted the groundbreaking work of Northeastern’s Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project on Friday morning at the Association for Black Culture Centers’ 25th annual conference in Boston., Tree tunnel. Tree branches appear to sag in a grove behind West Village forming a natural tunnel of leaves., The announcement of the Toronto regional campus, Midnight Madness, Northeastern Crossing, and Husky Spirit Day were among some of the campus highlights from the past week., null, Please join us as Northeastern will honor all members of the university community who have served the United States with distinction at its annual Veterans Day Ceremony, Wednesday, November 11th at 2:30pm at the Northeastern University Veterans Memorial.

The event will include a very special announcement related to veterans’ services at Northeastern., The counter-culture move­ment adopted Converse and its Chuck Tay­lors in the 1970s. The “punk scene,” Pres­i­dent and CEO Jim Calhoun said, com­man­deered the product and made it its own.
“That marked a shift away from being an ath­letic com­pany to a youth cul­ture com­pany. In many respects, we’ve never looked back.”, The annual report, issued by the NCAA, revealed a Graduation Success Rate (GSR) of 93 percent for all Northeastern student-athletes, compared to a national average of 86 percent for all Division I institutions. The 93-percent figure is an all-time high for the university., “When I think about the insti­tute I think of a par­ticle accelerator—those big mon­ster machines for exper­i­ments in which you have par­ti­cles that col­lide. And in the col­li­sion they destroy them­selves but create new par­ti­cles. I like to think that here we have a lot of ideas from dif­ferent dis­ci­plines that col­lide and we create new science, new applications.” - Alessandro Vespig­nani, Network Science Institute director and the Stern­berg Family Dis­tin­guished Uni­ver­sity Pro­fessor., Stu­dents with the Solar Boat club work on their vehicle in Bar­letta Nata­to­rium last week. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University
http://bit.ly/1Q6QQxm, Students, faculty, and staff convened on Wednesday evening to examine the growing need for gender justice. “Recognition of diversity and plurality is essential to building a strong campus as well as a fully functioning society,” noted Uta Poiger, dean of the Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities., Maggy Benson, S’06, might not have become the face of a popular television-style program at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History had it not been for Northeastern’s co-op program., From cyclones that knocked out swaths of the Indian Railways Network to the winter storms that brought the MBTA system to its knees, an urgent need exists for systematic strategies that speed the recovery of critical lifelines in the wake of disasters., A queen comes down to earth - Northeastern University's Homecoming Queen for 1964, Helen L. Essaf, gets out from a helicopter in the middle of Kent Field prior to the start of the N.U.-New Hampshire game. Assisting her is the Mayor of Huntington Avenue, David Palmer. #TBThursday #HomecomingNU, This is your first opportunity to meet your 2015-16 men's and women's basketball teams and coaches and enjoy a 3-point and slam dunk contest featuring select members of the teams. 

There will be a DJ, free food, free tshirts, and prizes to win, including Amy Schumer homecoming tickets!, For the members of Mixed Paper, founded by Northeastern alumni, addressing global warming will be the name of the game on Saturday afternoon in Boston., Faces of Northeastern, bioengineering, Parent & Family Weekend, pumpkin carving, and oh yes, fall leaves on campus., Today at 12pm chef and Travel Channel host of 36 Hours Kristen Kish is giving a live cooking demonstration in the Xhibition Kitchen.

To follow along live download the free Periscope app from the Apple App Store or Google Play and follow "Northeastern." You can also click on the link on our Twitter feed at 12pm., Come on home! Northeastern students participated in the Homecoming Extravaganza held in the Curry Student Center on Tuesday. #HomecomingNU, From a Vet­erans Day cer­e­mony, “Mid­night Mad­ness”, Global Entrepre­neur­ship Week, and much more, here’s a run­down of the top events this month., Northeastern Dining exec­u­tive chef Tom Barton recently dished up a deli­cious baked apple recipe. Here’s the next in our fall series, an autumnal twist on the classic com­fort food with pumpkin seeds, roasted squash, and fresh figs., The sky is reflected through a prism held in front of the camera while students walk by Egan Research Center on Friday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, A study found the algorithm assistant professor Nick Beauchamp created generated persuasive text that shifted people’s opinions of President Barack Obama’s healthcare law., Golden tones. A Northeastern student plays a little guitar for a friend outside of Stetson East on Monday afternoon., Austin Blackmon, chief of Envi­ron­ment, Energy, and Open Space for the City of Boston, addressed the North­eastern Uni­ver­sity Energy Con­fer­ence on Friday in the Curry Stu­dent Center. Blackmon, the event’s keynote speaker, talked about the steps Boston is taking to address the impact of cli­mate change. The confer­ence was hosted by the North­eastern Uni­ver­sity Energy Systems Society. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Why can’t we resist watching when our favorite shows, like The X-Files, are revived and return to TV? “It’s like visiting with old friends,” says associate professor of media and screen studies Joanne Morreale., Tonight’s Mayor of Huntington Avenue debate launches a week full of activities and opportunities to express your Northeastern pride. Check out the full schedule of Homecoming events., Building on the suc­cess of its regional campus net­work in selected U.S. cities, North­eastern Uni­ver­sity will launch its first inter­na­tional campus in 2016., Have a safe and happy Halloween Huskies!!, A stu­dent who will knit while run­ning Sunday’s TCS New York City Marathon, the State of the Uni­ver­sity, and a professor’s examination of Uber’s “surge pricing” are among the top tweets from the North­eastern com­mu­nity this week., “You get a real feel for the community (working for Fresh Truck). I’m from the area but I haven’t done a lot of work here. I studied international affairs and philosophy and did a lot of thinking about the world so it’s nice to now be working here.”, Come out and help the Northeastern Men's Basketball and Northeastern Women's Basketball teams kick off their new season!, Empower: The Campaign for Northeastern University has raised its fundraising goal to $1.25 billion. Diane MacGillivray, senior vice president for university advancement, announced the news. In this conversation she talks about what this goal means., “I’ve worked at the Center for Stu­dent Involvement’s pro­gram­ming lab since the begin­ning of the fall. I love being able to answer students’ ques­tions, espe­cially when they ask about starting a club.”, “I just started my pho­tog­raphy minor. My father was a pho­tog­ra­pher and we had a dark room in our house growing up. I mostly do landscape and cityscape. I recently went around Somerville and took photos for a mini-project. One of my favorite photos that I just took was of a tiny cater­pillar crawling through some leaves.”, The hour­long con­ver­sa­tion with the heads of the EMC Corporation and RSA, The Security Division of EMC touched on many topics, as President Aoun and stu­dents, fac­ulty, and staff in atten­dance posed ques­tions on every­thing from cloud com­puting and cybersecu­rity to the Internet of Things., The 2nd Annual Reach (OUT) LGBTQA+ Career Conference hosts panels and discussions with LGBTQA+ professionals from various industries, including health care & human services, business & consulting, non-profit, public policy, STEM, tech innovation and more. 

LGBTQA+ students will have the opportunity to meet 1:1 with LGBTQA+ professionals to gather career advice and strategies for success via networking and resource sharing. Click here to register: http://bit.ly/1LNMpqi, When Hollywood producers approached former Northeastern journalism professor and alumnus Walter Robinson and the team of The Boston Globe reporters whose “Spotlight” series broke open the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal in 2002, the team had some trepidation., University leaders on Wednesday outlined the strategic planning process that will yield the new academic plan, which will guide the university’s course for the next 10 years. It was also announced that the fundraising goal of the Empower Northeastern campaign has been increased., A research team led by Northeastern assistant professor Christo Wilson cracked open the algorithm that drives Uber’s surge pricing. The team examined ‘surge regions’ within cities and reports findings that reveal tips on how consumers might avoid the inflated prices., The late-day sun creates long shadows as students walk towards Krentzman quad on Monday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, This Thursday, President Joseph Aoun will host tech sector giants Joseph Tucci, chairman/CEO of EMC Corporation, and Amit Yoran, president of RSA, The Security Division of EMC, for a conversation about their career journeys and the future of technology and cybersecurity. The livestream will be available at: http://www.northeastern.edu, Nancy Han­rahan says, “Nurses are the per­fect vec­tors for influencing public health change.”, If you want to ace your exams, you’ll need to study hard. You’ll also need to put down the books and catch a little shuteye, says Fred Davis, a biology pro­fessor with exper­tise in cir­ca­dian rhythms., Audrey Pence’s global co-op at The Fuller Project for International Reporting provided her with an immersive journalism experience, sharing international women’s stories and perspectives. It also showed her what it takes to start a nonprofit news organization from scratch., Bruschi, a 6-month-old Husky, plays outside Ell Hall with owner Enrique Rivera, DMSB'16, on Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Join us Wednesday, Oct. 28th at 12 noon at Solomon Court in the Cabot Center for the 2015 State of the University. Doors open at 11:45am and a boxed lunch will be provided. You can also watch the livestream, available at: http://www.northeastern.edu, The defending CAA champion Northeastern Men's Basketball team, which won 23 games and earned an NCAA tournament berth last year, was picked to finish third in the CAA for the 2015-16 season, according to a vote released this morning., Northeastern's newest residence hall is the home to a breathtaking view of Boston, a beautifully colorful mural, and James C. Bean, the university's new provost and senior vice president for academic affairs., Still searching for a great Halloween costume? Fear not, you can rock a great Hal­loween cos­tume using clothes, items, and makeup you already have., "Facebook, along with business page owners and publishers, is likely to benefit from getting access to more granular measurement data when it comes to assessing how people react to posted content and advertising" - assistant professor of marketing Yakov Bart., This new technology could revolutionize important biomedical equipment and enhance treatment for everyone from premature babies to patients needing implants., Artist, entrepreneur & cultural organizer Favianna Rodriguez is most known for her vibrant posters dealing with global politics, migration, globalization, and women’s rights. Her new exhibit at Northeastern's Gallery 360, The Multiverse of Identity, features Ms. Rodriguez’s rarely exhibited abstract prints.

Watch our live, guided tour of her new exhibit today at 11:30am EST on Periscope (@Northeastern)., Anna Guidi, E'17, works on fabricating a c-clamp frame during her manufacturing class in the Machine Lab on Friday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Members of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity represented the Northeastern University Relay for Life at the American Cancer Society’s Pulling for Hope event on Oct. 18 at Logan Airport. The team took first place in the “school division” after recording the fastest time for pulling an Airbus A320 along a Logan runway. The event raised funds for cancer treatment and awareness. Courtesy Photo., “Infor­ma­tion tech­nology inno­va­tion and secu­rity are clearly the most pressing issues of our time with regard to mar­kets and national secu­rity,” says new Northeastern University School of Law professor Andrea Matwyshyn., Northeastern University is pleased to host Military Appreciation Night during the men's ice hockey game on Saturday, November 21 at Matthews Arena. 

Military service members, veterans and their families are cordially invited to attend a special complimentary pre-game reception where you can enjoy gameday snacks and cocktails, special giveaways and programming. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1LxemPK, Jonathan Sirisuth’s international co-op story began in an unlikely place and in an unlikely way: in Snell Library, browsing Facebook., The announce­ment of the Life­long Learning Mem­ber­ship, the Amy Schumer Home­coming show, and #WhyIWrite are among our highlights from the North­eastern com­mu­nity this week., Assistant professor Nikolai Slavov upends conventional wisdom about protein synthesis, indicating an active, rather than passive, role for the machinery behind the process., “I love the spirit of the people here. The qualities of their hearts and minds, and the vocational passion they bring to their work and the community.”, “I have been doing henna for about 15 years. I first practiced on myself. I like that there is no specific design and you can do it on different parts of the body.”, “I’m in game design so I'm really excited to make my own game this year. I'm working on one that is a version of Calvinball from the Calvin and Hobbes cartoon.”, A limited number of tickets still remain for the Northeastern Men's Basketball season opener November 13th at crosstown rival Boston University. They can only be purchased through the BU ticket office so buy your tickets today and help make the Huskies feel at home in BU’s Case Gym. http://bit.ly/1LKHpgO, Happy Friday Huskies!! Fall foliage is finally making its way onto campus. Here the sun exag­ger­ates the red and orange colors of leaves out­side of the Behrakis Center. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Conor Kil­cullen, left, and Matt Fer­rari, both E’16, work on a drone behind the Forsyth Building as part of their cap­stone project. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Jennifer Kirwin, an associate clinical professor in the Department of Pharmacy and Health Systems Sciences, provides a primer on the science behind the vaccine., Los Angeles-based pop sur­re­alist artist John Park painted his mural Reality Check II in East Vil­lage. Hear him dis­cuss the inspi­ra­tion for the work and his cre­ative process. Video by Shirin Mozaf­fari and Lee Delulio/Northeastern University, The space—which is open all day, seven days a week—features flexible media-rich work areas and group study rooms, professional-grade cre­ation tech­nology, high-power com­puter work sta­tions, printers, and scan­ners., Tom Barton, executive chef for Northeastern Dining, created some fall recipes to share with the university community. Feast your eyes on the first in a series of recipes perfect for autumn., We sat down with President Aoun to discuss a wide range of topics. Based on a long list of questions—many submitted by members of the Northeastern community—the first discussion focused on the president’s personal journey. Another interview—to be published as a second installment—will focus on his priorities here at Northeastern., News@Northeastern sat down with President Aoun for a conversation about his work as a scholar; his hobbies and passion for language; his dream co-op; and more. Stay tuned here tomorrow morning for the full Q&A., When the curtain rises tonight on The House of Bernarda Alba, the Theatre at Northeastern University's first production of the 2015-16 season, audiences will experience a never-before-heard translation by the play’s director—associate professor Antonio Ocampo-Guzman., Federal and state authorities have become particularly interested in the practices of daily fantasy sports websites like FanDuel and Boston-based DraftKings., Lola Akingbade, S’18, interviewed more than two dozen African-Americans in St. Louis this summer, looking to capture the city’s mood in the wake of the shooting death of Michael Brown., Calling all Huskies! Are you on a global co-op and interested in sharing your experience? We're highlighting the work of Northeastern students around the world through live video Q&A sessions on Periscope. Email us at: web@neu.edu, A late-night talk show themed welcome extravaganza and a cookout on Centennial Common were just a few of the events held for Parent & Family Weekend., Par­ents and sib­lings of undergraduate students can begin enrolling in graduate-degree pro­grams as part of the new Life­time Learning Mem­ber­ship program in the spring 2016 semester., North­eastern con­vened local vis­iting Ful­bright scholars, stu­dents, and alumni from more than 50 coun­tries on Friday for a wel­come recep­tion at East Village., Great announcement today by President Aoun - parents and siblings of current Northeastern undergrads to get a 25% tuition break on more than 100 graduate degree programs, starting Spring 2016., Northeastern University Alumni Christopher Wolfel and Julian Jung were profiled by BostInno as some of the top young startup founders in Boston., Come out this weekend to support the Northeastern Men's Rowing and Northeastern Women's Rowing teams at the 51st annual Head Of The Charles Regatta., There's a host of aca­d­emic, cul­tural, ath­letic, and social activities this weekend., The world-famous event celebrates its 51st anniversary this year and Northeastern's men's and women's rowing teams are up for the challenge., "I think its cool students are always coming and going. It mixes things up and makes you break your routine.", "(Northeastern) is just a great place to be, especially since it’s in Boston.", “Charity is a big part of Islam. Charity Week 2015 for Islamic Relief is a great way for us to do more and it cre­ates unity among Muslims and non-Muslims by bringing them together for a great cause.”, Some great Friday news!, After studying abroad in Japan last year, Northeastern student Johanna Gunawan looked for an opportunity to return. She found that in a student-led exchange program that she is now helping to organize., A per­fect resumé and cover letter won’t guar­antee that you’ll land your dream job, but it will help you get your foot in the door., Thomas Webster, professor and chair of the chemical engineering department, launched the Global Exchange Program, a summer program that gives undergraduates research opportunities at seven universities around the world and brings students from those institutions to Northeastern., We hope you'll join us for Parent and Family Weekend, October 16-18th. Get the full event schedule here: http://bit.ly/1QuIzQM, Stratis Ioannidis, a new assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, wants to build the world’s best targeted mobile advertising system, a platform that presents highly relevant ads to consumers while simultaneously protecting their privacy., Swimming and diving head coach Roy Coates and senior cap­tain Sophie Browne talk about the team’s expectations, strengths, and leadership., Where's the best burger near campus? A Northeastern writer did an extensive search. #NUburgerbattle, Ask the President! News@Northeastern will sit down with President Aoun for a wide-ranging discussion. Do you have question you think we should ask? Let us know!, With the score tied at one midway through the third period, sophomore Nolan Stevens put his talents on display, stickhandling through three defenders before beating Colgate goaltender Charlie Finn five-hole to lift the Northeastern men's ice hockey team (1-0-0) to a 2-1 victory on Saturday night at Matthews Arena., In an age of increasingly sophisticated computer hacks, new professor Cristina Nita-Rotaru designs systems that can withstand misconfigurations and cyberattacks., Wednesday's Bouvé Health Fair and Flu Clinic will offer a range of health services and information to Northeastern students, faculty, and staff., Stephen Flynn, right, pro­fessor of polit­ical sci­ence and co-director of North­eastern University’s George J. Kostas Insti­tute for Homeland Secu­rity, wel­comes Alan Bersin, assis­tant sec­re­tary for interna­tional affairs and chief diplo­matic officer for the Department of Homeland Security's Office of Policy, to the insti­tute for a tour on Thursday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, North­eastern stu­dent and Pickasound founder Toju Ome­toruwa, DMSB’16, right, shakes hands with Grammy-winning artist John Legend on stage at the &Then con­fer­ence hosted by DMA on Tuesday at the Boston Con­ven­tion and Exhi­bi­tion Center. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, The Huskies have high expectations for the new season, which will begin on Saturday night at Matthews Arena. As head coach Jim Madigan put it, “We want to win Hockey East, win the Beanpot, and then get to the national championship.", The Northeastern University Police Department and Office of Emergency Management will conduct a preparedness exercise in Churchill Hall on Monday. This all-day, full-scale exercise is part of the ongoing effort to improve readiness in cases of real emergencies, and maintain a safe and secure campus for the community. Follow @northeasternpd and @NortheasternOEM on Twitter for additional updates., “I’m doing my second co-op with the Center for Com­mu­nity Service. During my first one they never not let me be involved. So I never really left.”, “Coming out to my friends and family was like showing people who I am for the very first time. I wasn’t a dif­ferent person, but there was some­thing about me that was very dif­ferent, some­thing that could change how you see me.”, “I took over as the main North­eastern Insta­gram pho­tog­ra­pher in 2013. As an alumnus, and also someone who has been working on the Boston campus for almost 25 years, I have watched it evolve from paved parking lots and brick build­ings to what I now like to call an oasis in the middle of the city. I think we have a lot to be proud of.”, Join us today at 11:30am EST for live guided tour of the "First Issue" exhibit currently at Gallery 360. The exhibit features debut issues of iconic magazines and offer an intriguing glimpse into who we were and how far we have come.

You can follow along on the Periscope app (find us @Northeastern) or by clicking the link on our Twitter feed at 11:30am EST., Freshman Northeastern University College of Engineering students in Chirag Variawa's class recently visited a Boston-area bridge to learn more about design, function, and constraints. They then built models out of spaghetti and tested them with the Earthquake Simulator under real earthquake conditions. Photos by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Fer­nando Suarez, the newly appointed Jean C. Tempel Pro­fessor of Entre­pre­neur­ship and Inno­va­tion in the D’Amore-McKim School of Busi­ness, con­siders him­self an “inno­va­tion man­age­ment expert.” A leader in his field, Suarez has cul­ti­vated his exper­tise working in both acad­emia and the pri­vate sector on four con­ti­nents: South America, Asia, Europe, and North America., Gabrielle Chapman, CSSH'17, enjoys the sunshine while studying in Centennial Common between classes on Tuesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, "We always want to win the Hockey East tour­na­ment and get that NCAA bid, but I think my expec­ta­tions are a little higher this year because of the core group we have." - Head Coach Dave Flint, More than 750 stu­dents and 59 startups attended the On Fire To Hire Startup Expo. We asked them to describe the appeal of startup life, with a par­tic­ular focus on the unique chal­lenges and oppor­tu­ni­ties faced by working for a new busi­ness venture., Northeastern’s Resident Student Association is hosting programs and taking part in activities this week to raise greater awareness about homelessness in the Boston area. Find out how you can get involved., It’s time to break out your favorite hoodie or jacket and enjoy the crisp New England weather. Here's a list of Boston’s best fall events and activities happening this month., “Coming out was like showing people who I am for the very first time. I wasn’t a different person, but there was something about me that was very different, something that could change how you see me.” - Alex Ahmed, PhD'19, On Wednesday morning, we will be publishing the personal story of Alex Ahmed, PhD’19, who recently came out as a transgender woman., In a complex global marketplace, corporate leaders are increasingly faced with the challenge of leading without being physically present., It’s not every day that a scientist gets a theory named after him., Los Angeles-based pop surrealist artist John Park painted a new mural titled Reality Check II in East Village. The mural is the latest installation in President Aoun’s Public Art Initiative. John Park Art, Justine Siegal, the Director of Sports Partnerships at the The Center for the Study of Sport in Society at Northeastern University, will be working as a guest instructor for the Oakland Athletics instructional team this October., “If we want to under­stand how pop­u­la­tions will respond to envi­ron­mental change in the future, we have to under­stand how they’ve adapted in the past,” new assis­tant pro­fessor Kath­leen Lotterhos., Check out the amazing people, places, and events on Northeastern's campus as documented through the lenses of university photographers., The hour­long events, which begin on Monday at 12 p.m. EDT, are designed to help par­tic­i­pants share expe­ri­ences, exchange career tips, and build their pro­fes­sional networks., The opening of Northeastern Crossing, the Society of Women Engineers, BostInno, and the countdown to Parent and Family weekend are among our selections from around the Northeastern community this past week., The Northeastern Women's Soccer team will look to earn its first wins of the Colonial Athletic Association season this weekend against the College of Charleston and UNCW. Northeastern went 5-0-1 against CAA opponents at Parsons Field last season., From the On Fire to Hire Startup Expo, Northeastern Dining's cooking demos, the John Coltrane Memo­rial Concert, to Parent and Family Weekend, this month is stocked with fun activities., "I came from India a couple months ago. This campus is huge and there is a lot to do. And I love that anyone can come off the street and enjoy it. It’s amazing.", "It makes me feel younger being able to talk with students everyday.", "For the past year I have been working in the Laboratory for Neglected Disease and Drug Discovery researching giardia. I signed up for it because it seemed interesting.", We asked vet­eran North­eastern stu­dents to share their advice for new freshmen and transfer stu­dents. See and hear what they had to say., How the poster child of big data turned into the poster child of the foibles of big data. New analysis on Google Flu Trends by Northeastern professor David Lazer in WIRED., Esteemed psy­chol­o­gist Stephen M. Kosslyn, founding dean of Minerva Schools at KGI, spoke yesterday about “The Sci­ence of Learning”—a dis­ci­pline based on empir­ical find­ings regarding human memory, per­cep­tion, com­pre­hen­sion, and rea­soning., "I love working in this building. I just love the people. Everyone here is so kind.", “(Before the NCAA Tour­na­ment) people would walk by us and they knew who we were but they didn’t stop and talk to us. Now they stop and talk. It’s a great thing.”, “I just love being active and being out­side. I’m on the sailing team so I espe­cially love being out on the water.”, The Career Fair runs today from noon to 4 p.m. in the Cabot Center., Stu­dents with Northeastern’s Good Vibes Community play games with a para­chute near Cen­ten­nial Common on Monday during the Day of Good Vibes 2015. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1hdWMoT, Kimberly Eddleston in the D'Amore-McKim School of Business is one of just four professors nationally to be recognized with a Distinguished Professorship by the Richard M. Schulze Family Foundation. The award will support her innovative research on family businesses and the careers of entrepreneurs., “This year I’m looking for­ward to my clin­ical rota­tions. We’ll get an actual idea of what we would be doing on a daily basis as phys­ical therapists.”, “I’ve lived in Boston for four years now, and I love exploring the city and I’m still finding hidden gems. I recently dis­cov­ered Fan Pier, which I think has the best views of the Boston skyline.”, “I have been working on Northeastern’s campus for 39 years, so this is the first and last place I will ever work. You get the best treatment here. Even the pres­i­dent, when he walks by, will stop and ask how you are doing.”, Live Wednesday from 12-1pm EST - A Periscope video broadcast of Northeastern Dining's Xhibition Kitchen with Chef Avi Shemtov of The Chubby Chickpea.

To follow along download the free Periscope app from the Apple App Store or Google Play and follow "northeastern." You can also click on the link on our Twitter feed at 12pm EST., VW’s admitted installation of software in diesel cars to cheat emissions tests raises questions in fields ranging from law and business to the environment, public health, and technology., Northeastern is one of 80 colleges and universities that are creating a platform for new online portfolios for high school students. 

The idea is to encourage ninth graders begin thinking more deeply about what they are learning or accomplishing in high school, to create new ways for college admissions officers, community organizations and others to coach them, and to help them emerge in their senior years with a body of work that can be used to help identify appropriate colleges and apply to them., President Aoun and Ralph Martin, senior vice president and general counsel for Northeastern, left, present Massachusetts House Speaker Robert DeLeo, a 1972 Northeastern graduate, second from the left, with a commendation on Monday night during an event at the Massachusetts State House for Northeastern alumni. Also pictured are Manny Cruz, SSH’16, and state Sen. Karen Spilka, L'80. Courtesy photo, The stu­dents par­tic­i­pated in the Fes­tival of Fam­i­lies on Sat­urday night in Philadelphia, when Pope Francis addressed the importance of fam­i­lies, and then attended the papal mass on Sunday afternoon., “I am part Native Amer­ican and my wife is Native Amer­ican, and we’ve par­tic­i­pated in pow­wows out west. Cel­e­brating our cul­ture and spending quality time together is very impor­tant for our family.”, “I went to Africa this summer and spent two weeks vol­un­teering at a wildlife pre­serve in South Africa. I want to be a vet.”, “I like to come to Snell to do some work, get a change of scenery, and get out of the office.”, “This space that we are here to cel­e­brate today is an example of the type of com­mu­nity col­lab­o­ra­tion that makes me proud to be a stu­dent here at North­eastern and I look for­ward to watching the use of the space bring addi­tional life and vibrancy to campus and the sur­rounding community” - Mabel Gon­zalez Nunez, a freshman and Torch Scholar from Boston’s Mat­tapan neigh­bor­hood, who spoke at the event., Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities global co-op student Evan Bruning takes over our Periscope account today for a live Q&A from his co-op at the Office of the High Representative in Sarajevo.

To follow along download the free Periscope app from the Apple App Store or Google Play and follow "northeastern." You can also click on the link on our Twitter feed at 10:30am EST., Upendra Naidoo, E’17, drops into a dunk tank during an event on Snell Quad on Friday hosted by Beta Chi Theta. All pro­ceeds from the event went to the American Heart Association. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey notched its first win of the young season, 9-5, against St. Lawrence on Sunday thanks in part to senior Kendall Coyne’s eighth career hat trick., Sarah Carter, AMD’19
“North­eastern was the only school I applied to so I was relieved and excited when I was accepted. The per­son­ality of the school was what drew me to it.” http://bit.ly/1ViYlVs, Mohamed Kibaida, S'19
“I was really excited to get into North­eastern. I love the cold. I’m from Saudi Arabia and it’s hot there all the time.” http://bit.ly/1Wtvj2q, We're proud to officially launch Faces of Northeastern, an intimate look at the faces and personal stories that make up the fabric of our Northeastern community. Each day this week we will introduce three new faces of people from Northeastern and share a part of their story.

Pictured here, James C. Bean, Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs.

To see the full gallery, please visit: http://bit.ly/1QIE454, The new center, which is called Northeastern Crossing and located on Tremont Street, will be formally unveiled today. It will offer a variety of university resources, from classes and workshops to space for computer access and community events., Northeastern University Marine Science Center in Nahant is home to research about climate change, marine ecology, underwater robotics, and urban coastal sustainability. Come check it all out during the annual Open House on Saturday, October 3rd. Learn More: http://on.fb.me/1Lm9jTN, Tune in to Periscope (@northeastern) on Tuesday, September 29 at 10:30 a.m. EST to catch a glimpse of student Evan Bruning’s international co-op experience working for the Office of the High Representative in Sarajevo., James McLein, E’16, Jeremy Fre­dette, E’18, and Lauren McCallister, E’16 (left to right), compete in a doughnut-eating con­test at the Taste of Off-Campus event in the Curry Stu­dent Center Ball­room on Thursday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The Huskies will play 13 games out of conference, including three against 2015 NCAA tournament participants, and will face national semifinalist Michigan State Spartans at Matthews Arena., Keep an eye out Monday as we launch our new photoblog Faces of Northeastern, which presents an intimate look at the individuals who, together, create the university’s unique and exceptional community. 

Many of the faces you may recognize, and some you may not, but each plays an important role in the fabric of Northeastern., Though rare, unforeseen events or emergencies sometimes happen on or near campus. When they do, university officials are able to quickly reach students, faculty, and staff with time-sensitive information through NU Alert. 

Update your information through myNEU to be sure that you receive—and read—these important alerts: http://bit.ly/1NYAw0O, The Curry Student Center Indoor Quad transformed into a global co-op networking portal earlier this week, when students connected with their peers to learn about their international co-ops., In the week since our #BeYOUatNU meme generator launched, we've received submissions ranging from inspiring (Be resilient) to fun (Be Wan Kenobi). Upload your photo and join the mix at northeastern.edu/beyourselfie, Over 500 students turned out for the Northeastern College of Engineering's Undergraduate Lab Fair on Monday to discover a wealth of research opportunities., A panel of faculty experts at Northeastern convened on Tuesday to discussing the ongoing migrant crisis and other pressing issues facing Europe., The Northeastern Women's Ice Hockey team was predicted to finish third in the conference in a preseason Hockey East coaches poll. The team's 2015-16 season will open this Saturday at St. Lawrence., Abstract prints from artist Favianna Rodriguez are on display in Northeastern's Gallery 360 in an exhibit called "The Multiverse of Identity"., Three female political leaders had an honest and encouraging panel discussion about women in politics at Monday night's Women Who Inspire Speaker Series., The Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team was picked to place fifth in the conference after receiving 76 points in the Hockey East preseason poll. #GoNU, Northeastern's campus was abuzz at the start of the new semester with a week-long celebration of student involvement, campus life, and fun. Watch the highlights from Welcome Week 2015 here., In his latest LinkedIn Pulse post, President Joseph E. Aoun comments on five skills needed in the ‘gig economy’ and how experiential learning sets students up for success in this freelance industry., Luiz Franciss, DMSB'17, returned to his home country of Brazil this summer, not for a summer break, but to intern for the Kraft Heinz Company office in Rio de Janeiro., From experiential learning opportunities to a vibrant and engaged campus, some of Northeastern's newest members share what drew them to the university., Due to the fundraising success of the Empower campaign, Northeastern secured a record-breaking $81.79 million during the 2014-15 academic year., Join us live on Periscope (@northeastern) Tuesday at 10:00am ET for a healthy meal cooking demo with @balancebod founder and Northeastern alumna Cara Scinto., Artist John Park continues work on a new East Village mural as part of President Joseph E. Aoun's public art campaign. What do you think - are they falling or flying?, Northeastern honors National POW/MIA Recognition Day with a moment of silence at the POW/MIA memorial in Matthews Arena., Associate professor of political science Michael Tolley examined in his Constitution Day lecture on Thursday how the Supreme Court has interpreted federalism., Chair of the Department of Economics William Dickens weighs in on the Federal Reserve's decision to maintain interest rates and what it all means., What do you want to be at Northeastern? Use our new 'BeYourSelfie' Meme Generator and tell us! Upload your own photo, describe the unique path you want to take at Northeastern, and share it on social! Visit www.northeastern.edu/beyourselfie now to make your meme and use #BeYOUatNU to join the conversation., Northeastern students, faculty, and staff have recently participated in three separate White House events that recognized contributions made to the fields of network partnerships, interfaith service, and HIV and AIDS advocacy. Read more about the three visits to Washington, D.C. here., Raytheon CEO Thomas A. Kennedy touts the importance of cybersecurity for businesses at President Aoun's CEO Breakfast Forum on Tuesday., Assistant professor of chemical engineering Eno Ebong will continue her interdisciplinary research to prevent and treat vascular disease as the recipient of a new National Institutes of Health award., Northeastern student Joe Thomas (AMD'17) saw Spain through a 'different lens' on a Dialogue of Civilizations trip that helped him hone his photography skills., Many vendors around Boston and online offer discounts to students who show their Husky Card or register with their Northeastern email. Here are five ways to use your student status to save money., Ellen Cushman, the inau­gural director of Civic Sus­tain­ability, Diver­sity, and Inclu­sion Initiatives, centers her research around language’s role in the everyday struggle for dig­nity, respect, and change., The Northeastern Entrepreneur's Club has spent the summer designing a packed schedule of fall programming designed to encourage entrepreneurship and innovation on campus., University photographers captured events and excitement on campus surrounding the start of the new semester., Mika White (BHS'18) chronicled the challenges and successes she experienced on co-op in a Ugandan hospital where she assisted in surgery and established a nutrition program for malnourished children., Join us on Thursday, September 17th from 11am-2pm for the Bike Safety and Light Fair on Snell Quad! 

Meet with Hubway, Boston Cyclists Union, MassRIDES, Northeastern University Police Department and many student groups., The Northeastern men's and women's cross country teams kicked off their season on Saturday at the Nas­saney Invi­ta­tional. Read head coach Cathrine Erickson's take on her young but promising team., The Boston Globe followed President Aoun as he strolled around campus on the first day of classes at Northeastern. Read what the reporter thought of our approachable and extroverted – and very fast-moving – president. http://bit.ly/1F9FKDM, The opening of Café Crossing and a new mobile app are just two of the latest additions to Northeastern Dining programming this fall. Read here to get the full dish on campus food news.
http://bit.ly/1LtFhsU, From conquering first day nerves to getting involved, veteran Northeastern students share advice to incoming freshman and transfer students in this video. http://bit.ly/1F9wj7b, The Husky Ambassadors are well known for their fun and informative tours of the Northeastern campus. President Aoun joined their ranks to provide his own version of the campus tour. You’ll want to see the results., The President’s Convocation, Fall Fest, and the first day of classes are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., A goal of NU Day Same Bottle is to educate students on how small changes to simple daily routines can have a big impact on the environment, says the campaign’s creator, Alec Stransky, SSH’18., “What better way to learn more about different cultures?” said second-year architecture major Davae Gibson, one of more than 500 attendees., Northeastern pauses today to honor and remember the lives lost on September 11th, 2001. 

The Northeastern community is invited to gather at the Sacred Space, located at 201 Ell Hall, at 12pm today for remarks, silent reflection and a musical selection., For the latest science news and research from around our campus, be sure to follow iNSolution - Northeastern's Research Blog. http://bit.ly/1VDiJNR, Vic­toria Bosah, Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities ’17, poses for a por­trait with Paws by Snell Library on the first day of classes on Wednesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University #NUWelcomeWeek, Lisa Feldman Barrett, University Distinguished Professor of Psychology, says that there is “not a cause for alarm” after a new paper revealed that many psychology studies’ results could not be replicated., Alex Gilvarry’s award-winning satire From the Memoirs of a Non-Enemy Combatant follows Boy Hernandez, a Filipino fashion designer and Guantanamo Bay detainee. 

On Tuesday, Gilvarry discussed his book with first-year students who read the novel as part of the university’s First Pages program.
#NUWelcomeWeek, We asked Northeastern students on the first day of fall semester classes what they are most looking forward to this year. Here's what they had to say. #NUWelcomeWeek, On Tuesday morning, Northeastern formally welcomed the some 2,800 incoming students to campus at the annual President’s Convocation, held in Matthews Arena., Does your dorm room have style? We're looking for the best dorm rooms on campus! 

Post your best photo to Instagram and use #NUWelcomeWeek. We'll be picking some winners!, null, Jean McGuire, a professor of the practice in the Department of Health Sciences, will deliver remarks in honor of the 25th anniversary of the signing of the Ryan White Comprehensive AIDS Resources Emergency Act. McGuire was one of the nation’s leading HIV awareness advocates when President George H.W. Bush signed the CARE Act into law on Aug. 18, 1990., In his Con­vo­ca­tion address, President Aoun urged stu­dents to set sail on their North­eastern expe­ri­ence as “explorers” looking to learn about them­selves, their pas­sions, and the world., We’ve put together a special news page with comprehensive coverage of Welcome Week. From your social media posts to our Periscope videos; from stories about President’s Convocation to photos from Fall Fest. It’s all here. http://bit.ly/1hXjLFi #NUWelcomeWeek, Happy First Day of Classes Huskies! Come get your very own first day portrait from 9-10am at Krentzman Quad! #NUWelcomeWeek, Coral DNA could improve ocean conservation and reveal secrets about our own evolutionary history. Researchers at Northeastern University Marine Science Center have made it easy to extract coral tissue aboard a ship and preserve the DNA for analysis.
http://bit.ly/1IWBh2i, “I’m so excited we have a Swiffer WetJet now” was just one of the many declarations of success heard on Sunday at Northeastern’s annual Trash2Treasure sale. #NUWelcomeWeek, Thousands of Northeastern students packed the campus quads on Monday for Fall Fest ’15. Check out the full gallery of photos by our university photographers. #NUWelcomeWeek, The cooperative agreement provides a unique mechanism for Northeastern to obtain expedited funding for research in designing and developing advanced engineered materials with security applications, and expands on the university’s leadership in security and resilience research., Ashna Singh, S’19, col­lects her bags from Target during a university-sponsored #NUWelcomeWeek trip to the stores at South Bay Plaza. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, As the international community examines how best to help the more than 4 million refugees who have fled the ongoing turmoil in Syria, Northeastern professors examine mistakes that have been made and offer solutions to the crisis., Join us for a live #Periscope broadcast at 2pm from Fall Fest with a guided tour by the Center for Student Involvement. #NUWelcomeWeek, Last week, dozens of new students participated in Northeastern’s annual nuSERVES program, which gave students the chance to volunteer in the community even before taking their first class., We're excited to announce that we're on Snapchat! Follow us (NortheasternU) from Fall Fest today! #NUWelcomeWeek, null, Welcome to Northeastern!! Visit this webpage for a comprehensive look at all the upcoming Welcome Week activities. #NUWelcomeWeek, Don't Forget! Monday, September 7th from 1-4pm is Fall Fest.

A free festival for all students featuring music, giveaways, food & drink, entertainment, games, novelties, Boston food trucks and a chance to learn more about the student organizations, campus departments and sports and rec teams. #NUWelcomeWeek, Some two dozen incoming student veterans began the next phase of their lives on Thursday at Northeastern, participating in a day­long series of work­shops, infor­ma­tion ses­sions, and campus tours., Roger Abrams, the Richardson Professor of Law at Northeastern University School of Law, says the judge “relied on basic concepts of fundamental fairness” in vacating Brady’s suspension, and an appeal by the NFL is unlikely to prevail. #Deflategate, More than 430 graduate students in 12 master’s programs received their degrees on Thursday at Commencement, where President Aoun and alumnus Spencer Fung, group chief executive officer of Li & Fung, were among the distinguished speakers., nuSERVES offers 65 incoming first-year and transfer Northeastern students an opportunity to explore the Boston community through community service.

Join us Friday at 10am ET for a live Periscope broadcast (@northeastern) as they start their work at several neighborhood parks., New students explore the Back Bay during a walking tour of Boston on Wednesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1UoVtpp #NUWelcomeWeek, 6 tips for on campus move-in, including how to get along with your roommate. #NUWelcomeWeek, The find­ings, professor Daniel T. O’Brien said, show how Big Data can be used to advance the study of neigh­bor­hood dynamics and to assess and mit­i­gate crime., Thanks in part to the resources at IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator, New Grounds Food was able to grow its coffee bar business and give people a way to have their coffee and eat it too., From cooking demonstrations and an art exhibit to the Study Abroad Fair and fall sports, there's something for you no matter what you're interested in., “Our world is full of data sets, numbers, and figures. Within those, stories are waiting to be unearthed" - Jessica Hopkins, AMD’16, a student in the Information Design and Visualization program program., Katie Brown, an incoming freshman, was in her third-floor apartment in Kath­mandu when the magnitude-7.8 earth­quake struck Nepal in April., Join the Center for Research Innovation at Northeastern University September 16-17 to gain critical insights into the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's approach to regulating drugs, biologics, and medical devices., Duff Dimmig helps his son Har­rison Dimmig, E’18, unload their car in the North Lot on Monday during move-in week at North­eastern. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, To ensure a smooth move-in process, North­eastern will imple­ment tem­po­rary parking and traffic restric­tions this week., Liquid nitrogen ice cream, congressional visits, campus greenery, one big hail storm and much more as seen through the lens of university photographers Matthew Modoono and Adam Glanzman., As you settle into your new North­eastern home, check out our tips for having a great #NUWelcomeWeek experience., The Northeastern Women's Soccer team (3-1-0) matched its highest single-game scoring output in program history on Sunday., Chemistry doctoral student Dana Klug makes possible drug options the way a chef makes a gourmet dish—adding an atom of hydrogen here, removing an atom of nitrogen there—to stop a deadly parasite in its tracks., Last week, 53 incoming Liberty Battalion Army ROTC cadets took on the Army Basic Training Physical Fitness Test to measure their individual strength and endurance. Here is a collection of images from university photographer Matthew Modoono., Northeastern will implement a new core curriculum beginning in fall 2016, but the process is already underway to ensure a smooth transition over the next year., The “the farm arm” was designed by five Engineering students to fulfill an urgent need in the agricultural industry, which is plagued by a high rate of injuries and amputations., null, Take a look back at the week that was on campus - Recognition for Matthews Arena, #NationalDogDay, and undergraduates on the move back to Boston., North­eastern will face four teams cur­rently ranked in the top 25, including a Final Four team from last year in No. 7 Providence., Swathi Krishnan, MS'16, works on drug delivery systems research in the Laboratory of Biomaterials and Advanced Nano-Delivery Systems on Thursday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Associate professor of political science, public policy and urban affairs Thomas Vicino dis­cusses how Hur­ri­cane Kat­rina con­tinues to weigh on those who fled., Enjoying the last bit of summer, John Fitzgerald, CPS’18, skateboards outside Snell Library on Wednesday. http://bit.ly/1EZw4X7, Northeastern volleyball, which opens 2015 play on Friday, is focused on harnessing its strong team chemistry to fuel a winning season, says captain Jamie Bredahl., To help ease the stress of the big day, we talked with Chong Kim-Wong, chair of the fall move-in com­mittee., A decade after Hurricane Katrina made landfall in Louisiana, Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities professor Stephen Flynn examines how the catastrophic event vaulted our ability to recover from natural disasters into a national priority., Hey Huskies! Got questions about the Marino Recreation Center? We're hosting a live guided tour on #Periscope (@northeastern) at 12pm ET today, Thursday. Join us!, The Science Guys: Xiaohua Geng, PhD’17, left, and Avinash Kola, PhD’16, work on nanowires for sensor appli­ca­tions on Tuesday in the chem­ical engi­neering lab at the Mugar Life Sci­ences Building. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University
http://bit.ly/1Va3BXO, Last week, the death of a 2-year-old foster child in Auburn, Mass., drew widespread attention to the state’s troubled child welfare system. 

Professors Elise Dallimore and Christie Rizzo discuss the criticism leveled at the Department of Children and Families and the changes that should be made to improve the state’s foster care system., Since Hurricane Katrina, Daniel Aldrich, now a professor at Northeastern, has dedicated his career to examining community resilience, with a particular focus on the importance of social capital., The defending Colonial Athletic Association-champion Huskies will play an 18-game conference slate in 2015-16, including a nationally-televised game against Hofstra University on Feb. 21., Join us Wednesday at 3:30pm ET live on Periscope (@northeastern) for our next #publicart tour. We'll be visiting Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design lecturer Jeffrey Hull's exhibit "Drawing as Process" at West Village H., The field hockey team will begin the 2015 campaign on Saturday against the University of Connecticut, the defending national champion. Here’s a preview of what you can expect from the Red and Black, last year’s Colonial Athletic Association regular-season champion., Gillian Riordan's co-op experiences helped lead her to a job in University Advancement., Financial expert Jeffery Born explains the catalyst for "Black Monday" and what it means for you., John O'Donnell SSH'17 and Kevin Roffi of the Facilities Division move beds and other supplies into West Village on Friday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Kinesha Goldson, AMD’11, recently burst onto the Boston food truck scene with her French macarons Cameo Macaron. Later this week, she’ll compete for a spot on a more global scale: Jamaica’s representative in the Miss Universe pageant., Here’s a rundown of information and helpful tips for students moving in or out of off-campus housing on Sept. 1 prior to the start of the fall semester., Northeastern’s Intellectual Property Law Clinic, led by students under the guidance of faculty and staff, provides a range of legal information and services to students in the university’s entrepreneurial community., The dedicated Northeastern University Facilities Division works hard to make our campus beautiful. To them we say thank you!!

Here, Vinny Mitchell, of Northeastern’s Facil­i­ties Divi­sion, waters hydrangea plants in front of the El Mac mural on Wednesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University http://bit.ly/1JmUWZC, Check out this awesome gallery of photos of El Mac's work on Northeastern's campus., Congressman Seth Moulton received a comprehensive overview of Northeastern's robust portfolio of security research on Thursday and underscored the importance of providing research funding in this area., The first "Italy and the Sci­en­tific Rev­o­lu­tions" Dia­logue gave students the oppor­tu­nity to trace the evo­lu­tion of sci­en­tific thought over hun­dreds of years in fields such as chem­istry, alchemy, astronomy, math­e­matics, and medicine., Now Available: A webinar on the future of higher education with President Joseph Aoun, American Council on Education President Molly Corbett Broad, and The Chronicle of Higher Education. http://bit.ly/1K2sOAi, Northeastern University, together with the Massachusetts State Supplier Diversity Office, hosted a local, minority and women owned supplier networking event held in the Curry Student Center Ball on Wednesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, #ThrowbackThursday: The newly renovated Ell Center Entrance photographed 50 years ago, in the fall of 1965., "Working with Julian was wonderful. His voice instantly tied our efforts to the long civil rights movement with which he and his forebears were associated for generations." - Northeastern University School of Law Prof. Mar­garet Burnham, With the opening of East Vil­lage ear­lier this year, North­eastern now pro­vides more than 9,100 beds for both under­grad­uate and graduate students., Cool relief: Children take advantage of water fea­ture at the Rus­sell J. Call Children’s Center at North­eastern on Tuesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The women’s soccer team will kick off the 2015 season on Friday at No. 11 South Carolina. Here’s a preview of what you can expect from the two-time defending Colonial Athletic Association champion., Recent tests indi­cated that the Charles River con­tains high levels of blue-green algae, prompting health offi­cials to advise people to exer­cise cau­tion and refrain from coming in con­tact with the water. Get the full story here: http://bit.ly/1NFgOUn, See how building a prototype electric longboard as a personal project turned into recognition at the 2015 MassChallenge and a business for Northeastern's Ian Carlson., Take a look back at President Bill Clinton's 1993 Northeastern commencement address at the Boston Garden. Today is his 69th birthday., “The students on this Dialogue learned about the Greek culture and the Greek people,” said Professor Richard Katula. “They loved them both. But most of all, like Odysseus in Homer’s epic poem The Odyssey, they went on a journey to a land far away from home and, in the final analysis, learned as much about themselves as about Greece.”, A stu­dent walking through West Vil­lage Quad gets an early start on the move-in process on Monday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, Allan Wong, E’17, says he has received “the perfect amount of challenge” from Northeastern’s rigorous classes. But that is only part of his #TrueNortheastern story., This new policy initiative is part of broader shift in focus that empha­sizes treatment rather than incarceration., How will the devaluation of China’s currency affect the United States and the global economy?

Associate professor of economics Kamran Dadkhah talks about China’s surprise financial decision last week., Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design lec­turer Tim Ouil­lette says that the move shouldn't be that big of a surprise given the show's transition to a busi­ness that gen­er­ates rev­enue from mer­chan­dise, books, and inter­na­tional expansion., On Sunday, Northeastern Senior Vice President Mike Armini finished Ironman Mont Tremblant, one of the toughest triathlon courses in North America. The race consists of a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride, and a 26.2-mile run. Competitors have 17 hours to complete the race; Armini finished in 14:02., What hap­pens when a drought in Florida estu­aries causes a rise in the salt levels in water? Fewer wild oys­ters appear on restau­rant menus, for starters., Savor the last few weeks of summer with this bucket list of Boston activities to enjoy before the fall semester starts., The Dog Days of Summer: William Chen, CPS'16, walks his dog, Toto, past the Curry Student Center on Friday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Study Break: Ronak Padukone, Ryan Cot­trell, and Paul Lawson, all E’17, play hacky sack out­side the Curry Stu­dent Center before taking a fluid mechanics exam on Wednesday. 
Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, The Northeastern field hockey team was picked third in the Colonial Athletic Association preseason poll released this week. The Huskies defied a third-place preseason pick a season ago to win the regular-season title., Law professor Daniel Medwed explains why these drawings—though not always flattering—are an important part of court proceedings., Home-brewed Ice Cream: NU Graduate Women in Science and Engineering - GWISE President Michelle Stolzoff, PhD'17 makes ice cream with liquid nitrogen during the group's Summer Social on Robinson Quad this past Wednesday. Photo by Adam Glanzman/Northeastern University, #ThrowbackThursday: The Class of 1929 meets for their 25th reunion in Harwichport, Massachusetts in June of 1954., The two-time defending Colonial Athletic Association champions return 10 of their top 12 goal scorers from last season., What are some good places to eat on campus and in the neighborhood? 

We asked Northeastern students and here's what they had to say., When discussing one of the most contentious topics of the 21st century—climate change—finding the balance between fact and emotion is precarious, say Northeastern faculty., The little engine that could... Our Campus Art Tour continues this Thursday at 10:30am ET. 

Watch on Periscope (@northeastern) for the live behind-the-scenes story of the current Gallery 360 exhibit, Holding Pattern, with Northeastern Campus Curator Bruce Ployer., "In the new media world, you have to know some data visu­al­ization, some coding. You don’t need to be an expert, but you must be familiar with them because in the end you’re telling a story.", With the plague’s recent return to the news, we took a look at some myths and truths about the centuries-old dis­ease., Construction continues on the Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex (ISEC) on Columbus Avenue last week. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Alyssa Schoppee recently returned from a Dia­logue of Civ­i­liza­tions pro­gram in Ice­land, which she calls “one of the most exciting things I’ve ever been able to expe­ri­ence.”, North­eastern researchers Gang Yan and Albert-László Barabási  pro­vide a metric—called ‘con­trol energy’—to char­ac­terize the amount of effort needed to con­trol real-world com­plex sys­tems in a new paper pub­lished in Nature Physics., "This pro­gram really allows you to propel your­self for­ward, especially if you have the will,” said Daniel, who attends the Jeremiah E. Burke High School., Admiral Paul F. Zukunft, Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard, visited Northeastern's George J. Kostas Research Institute for Homeland Security in Burlington on Friday for a tour of the facility and a discussion about the research being done there. 
Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Find out how your support — and an all-time fundraising record in 2014-15 --- transformed your Northeastern., Lisa Feldman Barrett, University Distinguished Professor of Psychology, explains why misconceptions about emotion persist, how our emotional brains change as we age, and the role context plays in what we feel., The 5 Northeastern alumni featured in BetaBoston's 25 Most Inno­v­a­tive People Under 25 each have their own unique story., Martin earned her doctorate from Northeastern, where she focused on emergency management for socially vulnerable populations. Most recently she worked at the Boston Public Health Commission., Follow our Instagram for photo and video scenes from campus, like this group playing double Dutch. http://bit.ly/1MemgPa, A look back on the CAA basketball championship rings, DARPA research, tissue engineering and more., Congressman Joe Kennedy III visited campus this week and met with stu­dents in the Young Scholars Pro­gram, toured a microp­ower and nano­engi­neering lab, and dis­cussed the university’s STEM part­ner­ships and pathway pro­grams with uni­ver­sity deans., Bar­na­cles could clue inves­ti­ga­tors in to the debris’ likely path as well as to how deep it had sunk in the ocean., Amílcar Barreto—an expert in Puerto Rican politics—weighs in on the cash-poor U.S. island territory’s debt crisis and its impact on the 2016 presidential election., Jamie Schefen's film about the transgender community for Campus MovieFest received a nomination for Best Picture., #TBThursday The "Bacchs" or Bacchanalians dance orchestra was composed of the best dance musicians in the school. It performed at social functions and gave concerts from 1923-1942 and 1951-1962. #TBT, The Huskies’ CAA championship run earlier this year, which qualified them for the NCAA Tournament, has been nominated for Best College Moment in the inaugural Globies. Vote for them now to show your support!, Stop on over to the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in the Fenway tonight from 5-8pm for their final Neighborhood Nights of the summer., On Donald Trump: "If he’s going to get beyond the nov­elty factor, he needs to use these oppor­tu­ni­ties to show people that he’s in it for more than ego grat­i­fi­ca­tion." - Northeastern journalism professor Alan Schroeder., A Northeastern University study found that, following 2012 school nutrition standards guidelines, many schools in Massachusetts are selling healthier snack options., David Obadina's desire to take an epi­demi­ology class taught by Richard Wamai, an assis­tant pro­fessor in the Depart­ment of African Amer­ican Studies, devel­oped into a deter­mi­na­tion to help erad­i­cate neglected trop­ical dis­eases worldwide., Jonathan Kaufman, the new director of the Northeastern University School of Journalism, talks about what attracted him to the university, what media organizations journalism students should follow on Twitter, and what makes the best news stories., On #NationalOysterDay two Northeastern ecology experts weigh in on whether mass consumption of the briny, melt-in-your-mouth mollusks poses a danger to our coastal ecosystems., We're thrilled to have Congressman Joe Kennedy III on campus today to talk about the importance of STEM - science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Join us starting at 945am on Periscope (@northeastern) for a live video feed of part of his visit. Photo by ROBYN BECK/AFP/GettyImages, All hail Northeastern! A powerful storm in Boston this afternoon brought powerful winds, heavy rain and golf ball-sized hail.
Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Fans can secure a great seat to see the Huskies take the ice for all 14 home games during the 2015-16 campaign, including 10 Hockey East conference games and a matchup with the Michigan State Spartans at Matthews Arena for the first time since 1996., For student Sherin Chakoian, the No Limits Dance Crew, her global experience in Sydney, and the physical therapy program are among the reasons she says, “I love Northeastern.”, From Husky Ambassadors and "molecular music" to summer orientation and acroyoga, take a look back at our July in Photos., Northeastern's David Obadina, a junior International Affairs major, was recently named to the END7 Student Advisory Board. Learn more about him and the campaign against Neglected Tropical Diseases: http://bit.ly/1OKPzYB, Block Island will soon be home to North America’s first offshore wind farm.

Andrew Myers, an assistant professor who studies offshore wind structures, talks about the environmental effects of wind energy and his work to improve the design of hurricane-resistant offshore wind turbines., “We had to start from scratch and build every­thing,” says Swastik Kar, an assis­tant pro­fessor of physics in the Col­lege of Sci­ence. “We were on a journey, cre­ating a new path, a new direc­tion of research.”, North­eastern nursing stu­dent Ashley Cavignano’s third co-op fea­tured two starkly con­trasting health­care set­tings: Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston and Himalayan vil­lages in Nepal., Need some tips for your weekend plans in Boston? Check out these suggestions., Great work by our Dialogue of Civilizations art program students in Ireland and a big thank you to the Burren College of Art for showcasing it!!, Eating fruits with high water con­tent like water­melon and cantaloupe are just one of several tips for how to beat the summer heat., The Huskies’ will face three teams that advanced to last season’s NCAA tournament and will play 19 games at Matthews Arena., On Thursday, Northeastern President Joseph Aoun was a featured speaker at a White House summit on innovation and quality in higher education. The meeting, convened by the U.S. Department of Education, covered new delivery models and novel partnerships that will serve a diverse set of learners nationwide., Hudson is keen on bringing even greater emphasis on and dis­tinc­tion to the Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design's inter­dis­ci­pli­nary ini­tia­tives, both in terms of col­lab­o­ra­tions within the col­lege and with other col­leges across the university., Insight from Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities Professor Jack Levin, who has researched human empathy for animals., In case you haven't seen our Instagram feed lately..."Whoever runs this account had an absolute field day with fall puns.", #TBThursday Campers pose on water slide at Camp Abena, Maine in the Summer of 1915. This photo is from the collection of Marjorie Bouvé, the founder of The Bouvé College of Health Sciences. #TBT, University Distinguished Professor Kim Lewis and his colleagues matched findings in the lab with findings from human subjects to advance antibiotic treatments., As the debate on the song of summer 2015 rages on, find out what music has a featured spot on the playlists of Northeastern community members.

What your favorite song this summer?, Public health law expert Wendy Parmet recently co-authored an article in the The New England Journal of Medicine exploring the evolving landscape of vaccination policy. Here, she discusses what could come from a recently adopted law in California., LIVE today at 11am ET on Periscope: Get the behind-the-scenes story about some of the Northeastern campus art of JEF AEROSOL and Daniel Anguilu with our Campus Curator Bruce Ployer. Please join us!, A moment with Jimi Hendrix….Jef Aerosol loves Boston....Boats, trains and Daniel Anguili, how a conductor for public transit drives public art. 

Tune in to our campus art tour on Periscope (@northeastern) this Thursday at 11am ET!, Carla Kaplan, the Davis Distinguished Professor of American Literature, just received a Public Scholar grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities.

Kaplan received the grant to support her work on the book Queen of the Muckrakers: The Life and Times of Jessica Mitford (1917-1996)., Roger Goodell's decision on Tuesday will be recognized someday as the beginning of the end of his flawed tenure - Northeastern University School of Law's professor Roger Abrams. 
#Deflategate, Students and faculty described the group’s decision to lift its ban on openly gay leaders while allowing church-sponsored units to continue excluding gays for religious reasons in unequivocally strong terms., President Aoun took part yesterday in a webinar on the future of higher education and how universities should innovate. Here are some of the highlights., This week was the last #Husky101 session of the summer. 332 incoming freshman visited campus for an exciting two-day experience. Check out the highlights!, "I couldn't ask for a better experience here" says graduate student Alf Carroll in his #TrueNortheastern video., A recent Forbes news report suggests that more than 900 million Android phones could be at risk for cyberattacks., When Sarah Cline heard a man in the ocean screaming for help, she immediately rushed to his aid but didn’t initially think shark attack. “I was worried that he was being pulled out by a rip current,” the Chapel Hill, North Carolina, resident said., On Tuesday join The Chronicle of Higher Education, The American Council on Education, and Northeastern University President Joseph E. Aoun for a webinar on the 2015 Presidents Report and the future of higher education. Register Here: http://bit.ly/1HW5JN4, Huskies for Heroes raised over $27,000 for the Home Base Program, which helps to heal the "invisible wounds" of war. Learn more: http://bit.ly/1IbxyxF, Northeastern will face defending national champion Providence College twice and also play in the first-ever Friendship Four in Belfast, Northern Ireland as part of their 34-game schedule., Justine Siegal, of The Center for the Study of Sport in Society at Northeastern University, says plenty of women have the skills to coach men’s professional sports teams. 

Like San Antonio Spurs assistant coach Becky Hammon, they just need the opportunity., Marley Kimelman, S/SSH’18, recently returned from a co-op in Cape Town, South Africa, where he worked for the city on various green initiatives and revitalized a stagnant water heritage project., Chelsey Goldberg, SSH'16, and Alexa Armstrong, S'16, delivered school supplies and other essential goods to impoverished yet promising students on a 10-day humanitarian mission to Kenya., Former Northeastern Men's Basketball player Scott Eatherton signs a professional contract with Fortitudo Agrigento, becoming the 12th player to ink a pro contract under head coach Bill Coen's tenure., Northeastern professor Stephen Flynn says that while natural disasters are inevitable, there are ways communities can develop resiliency in preparation for catastrophic events., Northeastern hosted its third annual Community Vendor Job Fair on Wednesday to offer employment opportunities to Boston-area residents. More than 200 job seekers attended the fair in the Curry Student Center Ballroom to meet with over 20 employers and training organizations., Northeastern University’s civic engagement with the city of Boston is a source of pride. Through both financial and in-kind support of services and community-based programs, the university’s support of Boston totals more than $27 million annually. Read the story to see a list of some of our commitments., #TBThursday President Kenneth G. Ryder distributes flowers during Northeastern's annual donation to the Fenway community in May of 1977., Northeastern staff writer and editor Jason Kornwitz stopped by Shake Shack on Newbury Street for Round 3 of the #NUburgerbattle. Where should he go for Round 4? Keep your suggestions coming for the best burger joints near campus., Northeastern student Rose Leopold, SSH'16, helped strengthen the relationship between the U.S. and Ecuador when she co-oped at the U.S. Embassy in Ecuador's capital city of Quito, and found her dream career in the process., Check out the social media highlights from this week's #Husky101 orientation session E as incoming freshman explored campus, posed in front of public art, and got excited about joining the Northeastern community. . http://bit.ly/1Ij9LAp, Is the six degrees of separation phenomenon valid? Northeastern professor of Network Science Albert-Laszlo Barabasi weighs in on how the theory works, and why the often referenced number of six isn't accurate., Northeastern associate professor Jessica Hoffman claims legislative action in 2012 led to significant improvements in the availability of healthy food options in Massachusetts schools. The study could serve as a national example for successful implementation of healthy food standards., Nicole Ganci, S'18, shares the highlights of her Northeastern experience both in Boston and abroad on a Dialogue of Civilizations program in this #TrueNortheastern story., Ten players from the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey Team were invited to participate in NHL development camps to impress professional clubs both on and off the ice., Make the most of warm summer nights by catching a free outdoor movie screening in various parks around Boston. All of the temporary outdoor theaters are accessible from Northeastern's campus., A team of Northeastern community members will participate in the annual Run to Home Base this Saturday to support post-9/11 veterans who suffer from the "invisible wounds" of war. The "Huskies for Heroes" team has raised more than $80,000 for the cause over the past several years., Just a reminder that our Community Job Fair is tomorrow, Wednesday, July 22nd from 10am-3pm at the Curry Student Center on campus., Watch the Northeastern Men's Ice Hockey team compete in the NCAA Friendship Four tournament in Belfast, Northern Ireland this November. Weekend passes are on sale now., After completing a co-op at Northeastern's Gallery 360, Jacque­line Fer­rante, AMD'13, found her dream career in gallery management. She is now the associate director of A.I.R. Gallery in Brooklyn, and is returning to campus to curate her own show at Gallery 360., P.K. Agarwal has been appointed the regional dean and CEO of Northeastern University-Silicon Valley where he will oversee a series of educational hubs the University plans to open in collaboration with industries across the Bay Area., Gino Tra­boulsi, DMSB’16, prac­tices jug­gling on Cen­ten­nial Common. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Did You Know: Nelson Man­dela received an hon­orary Doctor of Laws degree from North­eastern Uni­ver­sity in absentia in May of 1988, while serving his 27-year jail sen­tence. 

The degree is cur­rently on dis­play in the Nelson Man­dela National Museum in Soweto, South Africa. Photo cour­tesy of Robert Git­tens, vice pres­i­dent for public affairs. #MandelaDay, This #MandelaDay we look back at the legacy of the man and a personal story about him., Stay in shape and get outdoors this summer with these free fitness classes hosted around Boston. From CrossFit on the Greenway to yoga at the Frog Pond, there are plenty of options to boost your summer workout routine., Students work at the tables outside Snell Library. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Students on a Dialogue of Civilizations program traveled to India to study how climate change could greatly affect the country's large population, infrastructure system, and various ecosystems., #Boston: Come to our Community Job Fair on Wednesday, July 22nd from 10am to 3pm in the Curry Student Center., From exploring shops on Newbury Street to hanging out at Lawn on D, Northeastern students share what they like to do during summer weekends in Boston., Northeastern alumna Sarah Giancola continued her stellar international rowing career by capturing two medals at this month’s Pan American Games in Canada., Valentine Moghadam, director of Northeastern’s Inter­na­tional Affairs and Middle East Studies programs, discusses the biggest winners in the nuclear deal with Iran, Israel’s response, and Congress’ forthcoming review of the accord., #TBT a collage of campus and classroom scenes circa 1960., For Round 2 of the #NUburgerbattle Northeastern staff writer and editor Jason Kornwitz took the people's advice and went to Tasty Burger in the Back Bay. He ordered the "The Big Tasty" with an extra patty and noted that "sometimes less is more."

His story will be published later this summer but where should he go next?, Every year, a committee comprising students, faculty, and staff chooses one thought-provoking book for the Northeastern community to read. But have you ever wondered how the First Pages book is selected?, Going on co-op away from Boston can help you learn a lot about yourself, says Maggie Quick, AMD’17, who recently did a co-op at the National Breast Cancer Coalition in Washington, D.C., null, Web personalization expert Christo Wilson talks about today’s Amazon Prime Day and offers up some tips for online shoppers looking to exercise their consumer freedom., In the Shadow of Art: Stu­dents gather on Cen­ten­nial Common on Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Campus tours emphasize everything Northeastern offers prospective and newly admitted students. Meet the Husky Ambassadors who are leading these important presentations., From Dialogue of Civilizations experiences in Spain and Morocco to Northeastern’s campus, Amelia Santiago, BHS’18, talks about her #TrueNortheastern story., For Andrew Gouldstone, associate professor in the College of Engineering, the New Horizons spacecraft’s historic flyby of Pluto is an exciting lesson in both curiosity and attention to detail. #PlutoFlyby, Four Northeastern students traveled across the country for an exciting co-op experience at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. In this video they describe the unique opportunity and offer advice for doing a co-op away from Boston., The once 75-foot-high snow pile hovering over the Seaport District brings the issue of surface-water pollutants into plain view, says Northeastern associate professor Ferdi Hellweger., With 25 years of experience working in the soft­ware industry, academia, and gov­ern­ment labs in the United States and Aus­tralia, Ian Gorton is now leading the computer science programs at Northeastern University Seattle., Seen On Campus: A stu­dent car­ries a pink umbrella to block the sun while walking past the Bar­letta Nata­to­rium. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, San Francisco friends - join Dan Gregory, Faculty Director of  IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator, for a talk about entrepreneurship on Monday, July 13th from 6-8pm at the Burritt Room + Tavern., Seen On Campus: Joseph Fraioli, DMSB’15, prac­tices the piano in a Ryder Hall class­room. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, More than 100 million adults suffer from debilitating musculoskeletal conditions. Now, a doctor of physical therapy candidate named Lauren Jarmusz, is cofounding a startup aimed at connecting people with doctors who specialize in the field., Prof. Mark Patterson is discussing Aquaman at a Comic-Con panel today but yesterday he donned a costume to raise awareness about the dangers of microplastics in the ocean and Northeastern's research to address the problem., #TBThursday President Ell and C. Adrian Sawyer lower the cornerstone for Ell Student Center building on September 25, 1946.  #TBT, The summer movie season is upon us. We asked students what blockbusters they've seen and why you should see them too., Nanoscale Fender guitars? Not quite yet. But Northeastern researcher Steve Cranford managed to “tune a molecule.”, Eva Hayes, S’16, is on co-op in the Bahamas at the Bimini Sharklab, where she swims with sharks and helps the lab study and tag them for research purposes. It’s a “dream co-op,” she said., Interested in touring campus but can't make it? We're using Periscope right now to give you a look. Join us!, 355 incoming freshmen descended on campus this week for #Husky101 Orientation Session D. Check out the highlights in our latest Storify. Where you there? What was your favorite part?, Ryan Kang, a doc­toral stu­dent in elec­trical engi­neering, says collab­o­rating with one of his pro­fes­sors for a research project proposal is part of his #TrueNortheastern story., Did zebras really develop their stripes to avoid predators? A new Northeastern study looks at misconceptions in science and how it could change the way instruc­tors teach and improve how stu­dents learn science., Northeastern University School of Journalism graduate Zolan Kanno-Youngs wrote a powerful story about the struggle that community college athletics in Massachusetts are facing., "It’s impor­tant to take time to have some expe­ri­ences that can help shape your per­spec­tive on life” - North­eastern alumnus Ben Lavoie on his visit to every ballpark in America with fellow alumnus Andy Craw­ford., Northeastern University staff writer and editor Jason Kornwitz is testing where the best place to get a burger is near campus as part of an upcoming news story. His first stop today was Five Guys. Where should he go next? 
#NUburgerbattle, Seen on Campus - students enjoy the sunshine both in and outside the Curry Student Center. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Rising senior Kevin Roy made the most of his time at the Anaheim Ducks Development Camp Scrimmage on Saturday., "If Greece charts a path toward recovery and growth, and agrees to a viable deal with its creditors, this crisis will probably make the EU stronger and more resilient over the long term." - Asst. Prof. Dr. Mai’a K. Davis Cross, With a $1.6 million grant from the U.S. Department of Education, Northeastern professors will develop a Web-based system that elementary school teachers can use to more easily track the progress of children with emotional or behavior disorders., We’ve come to the end of our Fit Uni­ver­sity video series with Sarah Gaines, AMD’15. In case you missed any of her tips and tools to make living healthy easier, check out the video playlist., Have you ever won­dered why the human brain evolved the way it did?

A new study by North­eastern physicist Dmitri Kri­oukov and his colleagues sug­gests an answer in their new Nature Communications study., We asked Northeastern women’s soccer head coach Tracey Leone, who has 29 international appearances under her belt, what it’s like playing for the red, white, and blue., Northeastern wishes you and your family a happy and safe Fourth of July!, Did You Know: July 4 is not Independence Day. Rather, it took place on July 2, 1776 when Congress approved the resolution offered by Richard Henry Lee of Virginia. Find out more from History professor William Fowler., When it comes to Fourth of July cel­e­bra­tions, the Boston Pops Fire­works Spectac­ular is at the top of most people’s list. Here are some other cities and towns in the Greater Boston area with fireworks dis­plays that won’t disappoint., Recognizing that women’s hockey is stronger than ever, Northeastern alumna Dani Rylan, MS’12, founded the first-ever paid professional women’s hockey league in North America., #TBT Electrical Engineering students working in a Northeastern classroom., Over 350 incoming freshman travelled from across the country for Session C of Northeastern's #Husky101 new student orientation. Explore the social media posts to find out how it went!, Sternberg Family Distinguished Professor of Physics Alessandro Vespignani and his team in the Laboratory for the Modeling of Biological and Socio-technical Systems have been tracking the #Ebola epidemic in West Africa., From juggling and campus art, to the STReSS Lab and the Keeping' It Cool Summester, take a look back at the June month in photos., On Tuesday, just before 8 p.m., the world received a "bonus second," with the addition of one tick of the clock. Here, our new science writer extols the virtues of the "leap second.", "I owe everything I have to this program," Prince Kalu says.

Northeastern's Foundation Year program, which helps Boston high school graduates prepare for college success, has worked to transform the lives of hundreds of students., Today, June 30th, at 11:59:59 PM (UTC), the atomic clocks will add an extra second to the day. See how Paws spend his #leapsecond, Are you on campus today? There's a photo shoot at 3pm and we are looking for some "extras" to help fill Centennial Common. We hope you can join us., Could capital punishment one day be banned in the U.S.? 

We posed that question to Northeastern law professor Michael Meltsner, who assessed the Supreme Court's capital punishment ruling., For this year's NASA Student Launch Initiative, the North­eastern Uni­ver­sity chapter of the American Institute of Aeronautics designed and built a rocket with a robotic com­pe­tent., Today is #NationalCameraDay! We're celebrating with this recent photo from campus by University Photographer Matthew Modoono. See more: http://bit.ly/1LL9J3o, “We tend to think of making dinner as needing a full kitchen and a ton of time but it doesn’t need to be that way.”, We can­vassed the campus com­mu­nity on Friday after­noon, asking stu­dents and staff to describe their reac­tion to the Supreme Court’s 5–4 deci­sion to legalize gay mar­riage nation­wide. Here’s what they said., In a landmark ruling for gay equality, the Supreme Court ruled on Friday that same-sex marriage should be legal in all 50 states. School of Law professor Martha Davis offers insight into the decision and what comes next. #SCOTUS, You’re not offi­cially a Husky until you hug it out with Paws. Seen at #Husky101 orientation this past week. Check out more of our campus photos here: http://bit.ly/1LL9J3o, Innovation, creation, and excitement. At this week's IDEA Pitch-a-thon, new ventures were given five minutes to pitch their ventures in high tech, social impact, general retail and more., What are the implications of the Supreme Court's ruling on subsidies for subscribers to President Obama’s healthcare law? 

We asked Matthews Distinguished Professor of Law Wendy Parmet., Over 330 incoming freshman visited Northeastern this week for their #Husky101 orientation. Take a look back in our Storify!, Alexa Azarian, AMD’17, is working on an augmented reality program as part of her co-op. The digital arts major talked about the importance of receiving hands-on job experience while still in school and says she’s “excited to actually start following my dreams and making them a reality.”, Northeastern senior co-captain Chloe Laverack received the honor for high academic and athletic achievement. The chemistry major helped lead the Huskies to three conference titles., A 50-day, 17,000-mile cross-country adventure to capture the spirit of 21st-century America in prose and poetry lies ahead for William Herbert, AMD’16., #TBT Northeastern students work in a chemistry lab in Richards Hall in 1950., Powered by students, Northeastern’s entrepreneurial ecosystem is thriving., The next stop for Nick DePorzio on his second co-op? The world's largest particle physics lab CERN., Here is some mouthwatering motivation to check out the farmers market on Centennial Common each Wednesday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., The Northeastern community gathered Tuesday night at the Fenway Center to remember—through poems and music—the nine victims of last week’s Charleston church shooting., Sam Mount, E’17, will begin a co-op next month with Dimen­sion Ther­a­peu­tics, a com­pany ded­i­cated to advancing novel treat­ments for patients living with severe, genetic dis­or­ders asso­ci­ated with the liver. #TrueNortheastern, The first group of Northeastern cancer nanomedicine research co-op students explain what they’ve learned., “I think the streets, a city, a university campus can also be open-air museums" - JEF AEROSOL from this new video. #OurCampusOurCanvas, Professor of chemical engineering Shashi Murthy is seeking to devel­op a fully-automated microflu­idic system that takes in a blood sample and gen­er­ates den­dritic cells. The cur­rent manual process takes about six days, and he believes the instru­ment he’s devel­oping will sig­nif­i­cantly reduce that time­frame., Join us Tuesday at 5pm at the Fenway Center for a remembrance service for the Charleston victims. All are invited to attend., What’s the strangest food you ate while studying abroad or on global co-op? Where were you? What did it taste like?

Northeastern Magazine is compiling student stories and experiences about foods eaten while living abroad. Post pictures and details or send them to b.ibelle@neu.edu along with a profile photo., Don’t skip breakfast, and don’t grab that bagel or muffin, says Fit University founder Sarah Gaines, AMD’15. Instead, try this easy-to-make breakfast sandwich that’s packed with protein., Climate change will be a real shock to Antarctic fishes’ physiological systems, says Northeastern professor William Detrich. With a new NSF grant, he will study how rising ocean temperatures will affect the development of the embryos of these fish and the growth of juveniles after hatching., Assistant professor of political science Max Abrahms says the Charleston massacre is an act of terrorism. Here, he explains why, and discusses the distinction between hate crimes and terrorism., Wishing everyone a happy first day of summer!, Three female financial services leaders shared their experiences of rising to the top of their industries at Northeastern’s Women who Inspire Speaker Series., Today’s our day, Boston. Snapchat users worldwide will get a glimpse of Bostonians as the city is featured in today's live stories. So post your Boston and Northeastern snaps on your live feed and let's get Snapchat to share them with the world., What does Pope Francis’ encyclical means for the global climate change discussion and the 2016 U.S. presidential race? We asked associate professor Matthew Nisbet., “To broaden the pipeline, we need to show people they can be computer scientists when they weren’t thinking about it before.”  - Carla Brodley, dean of the College of Computer and Information Science, Northeastern University Seattle., Biochemistry major Doug Pagani, S’18, tried out slacklining at Centennial Common about a year ago, and now the hobby has become a true passion. He talks about how to get started and how he’s improved his performance through exercise and understanding the science of it all., Students in Northeastern’s Master of Sports Leadership program are receiving the rare opportunity to work in professional sports through a hands-on partnership with the Boston Red Sox., Poor communication can be a source of crisis for any organization, but sports teams are especially vulnerable because of their visibility, says Alan Zaremba, associate professor and associate dean for undergraduate programs in the College of Arts, Media and Design., Northeastern was recently ranked as having one of the 50 most beautiful urban college campuses. What's your favorite place on campus?, Northeastern was one of four institutions that received the award, which recognizes colleges and universities with student-athletes and coaches who contributed to Team USA's medal count in the Sochi 2014 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games., A group of Northeastern students took home first prize in the iOme Challenge, thanks to its insightful suggestions for how policymakers can help millennials prepare for retirement., “What’s cool about North­eastern is there are a lot of dif­ferent people doing a lot of dif­ferent things at dif­ferent times,” says Ben Goossen in his #TrueNortheastern Video., Is policing in America facing a legitimacy crisis? Northeastern associate professor Amy Farrell offers solutions to restoring communities’ trust in law enforcement., Northeastern is pleased to welcome veteran business journalist and Bloomberg News Executive Editor Jonathan Kaufman as the new Chair of the School of Journalism., A recent study led by North­eastern asso­ciate pro­fessor Becky Briesacher chal­lenges the assump­tion that Medicare Part D has been cred­ited with pos­i­tively impacting national trends in health out­comes and med­ical ser­vices. It sug­gests that the U.S. Con­gres­sional Budget Office has adopted a new costing method based on assumed cost-savings may be “premature.”, Late night snacking can throw off an entire day of healthy eating. In a new Fit University video, Sarah Gaines suggests a tasty low-calorie chocolate mudpie dessert., The USS Constitution, the world’s oldest com­mis­sioned war­ship afloat, is under­going a two-year restora­tion that started last week. North­eastern Dis­tin­guished Pro­fessor of History William Fowler is an expert in mar­itime his­tory and shared five inter­esting facts you may not know about the vessel., In a new paper by Northeastern Prof. Leo Beletsky, he and the other coauthors argue that law enforcement officers should be authorized to administer naloxone, the life-saving overdose antidote.

The article also high­lights law enforcement’s over­dose pre­ven­tion efforts and addresses the legal risks asso­ci­ated with their admin­is­tra­tion of naloxone., The Rev. Jesse Jackson, Sr. visited Northeastern University Seattle last week to talk about diversity in the tech industry and the progress in the partnership between the Washington Technology Industry Association and the Northwest Technology Equity Initiative., Dr. Alessandro Vespignani, Sternberg Family Distinguished University Professor in the Department of Physics, spoke with PBS NewsHour about how predictive modeling helped to stop the spread of #Ebola., Northeastern baseball players Michael Foster and Rob Fonseca were selected Wednesday by the Chicago Cubs and the Seattle Mariners, respectively, during the third day of the 2015 MLB First-Year Player Draft., The university launched its highly-accomplished rowing program in 1965, when a group of novice oarsmen took the rowing world by storm., The growing popularity of the Netflix series comes as criminal justice researchers are paying increased attention to female incarceration trends in the U.S., says Northeastern associate professor Natasha Frost. #OITNB, Join NU Pride at the 2015 Boston Pride Parade this Saturday. #WickedProud, As part of President Aoun’s Public Art Initiative, 28 drawings by lecturer Jeff Hull in the College of Arts, Media and Design have been installed on the outside windows of West Village H. The installation will be featured throughout the summer., From Bose to Apple, Matt Fitzsimmons is making the most of his engineering co-ops http://bit.ly/1FLQIds #TrueNortheastern, In a new video by the Museum of Science, Boston  and the National Science Foundation, Northeastern's Dr. Ahmed Busnaina talks about the NanoOPS machine and its potential to revolutionize chipmaking (Starts at 8:07)., Northeastern’s Registrar’s Office has moved to 271 Huntington Ave. Locate it on the campus map or stop in and see the new office. http://bit.ly/1KZHJIU, Olivia Nguyen, DMSB’15, was recently accepted into the Fulbright English Teaching Assistant Program in Vietnam, an experience that will give her the chance to explore her family’s heritage., The Northeastern women's rowing team was recognized with several postseason awards by the College Rowing Coaches Association (CRCA) upon the conclusion of its season. Five Huskies earned a spot on the CRCA All-Regional Team, while another six were named CRCA National Scholar Athlete Award winners., Pres­i­dent Joseph E. Aoun meets with inter­na­tion­ally renowned stencil artist JEF AEROSOL on Monday next to the Hunt­ington Avenue side of Cargill Hall. It's one of the sev­eral campus loca­tions where Aerosol is installing stencil art as part of Pres­i­dent Aoun’s Public Art Ini­tia­tive. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University #OurCampusOurCanvas, "I really look at the end goal, what I want to accomplish, and then break it up in to chunks. Whether you’re running an Ironman or a business you need to be able to see the big picture, then you’re able to focus on what needs to be done day to day." 

Northeastern alumni Kate Weiler and her business DRINKmaple
were featured in a new blog by lululemon athletica., Google's short-term memory and travel websites overcharging shoppers are just two of the things we learned from assistant professor Christo Wilson's lecture on Web personalization., 19 Northeastern players will be playing on 13 teams in five summer leagues across the New England and Northeast region from now to early August., “North­eastern has really inspired me to take charge of my career,” says Sarita Marom, S’19. 

The physics major credits the uni­ver­sity not only with empow­ering stu­dents to pin­point the impact they want to make on the world, but also pro­viding oppor­tu­ni­ties to “go out into the work­force to see those dif­fer­ences happen.” #TrueNortheastern., More than 250 metric tons of microplastic are esti­mated to be floating in the world’s oceans, threatening marine life. 

Ethan Edson's prototype is designed to gather data by tracking these harmful particles., In July, Northeastern will host a free, two-part series of job prep workshops for veterans. The program, called Edge4Vets, will help veterans translate their strengths from the military into tools for success in their civilian lives, with a particular focus on preparing them for career fairs and job interviews., Artist JEF AEROSOL has been on campus designing several new stencil pieces. Here's one from Richardson Plaza. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University #OurCampusOurCanvas, The latest installment of Fit University highlights a new 6-exercise circuit workout that you can do in your apartment dorm room., Matthew Gray is one busy academic and theatre artist. He is working on several technology-driven research projects, including one to make drones for live performances, and another making a game for Oculus Rift devices based on the principles of Augusto Boal’s The Theatre of the Oppressed. He is also finishing his first full year as the Artistic Director of the Salem Theatre Company. 

Gray is currently making a name for himself in a new sphere: author. His article, “Mea Culpa,” is making waves on HowlRound, an influential online theatre commons., This summer Northeastern University will lead an interdisciplinary research project to study the interconnectivity of rocky intertidal communities throughout the Gulf of Maine, where the warming rate of its waters is among the fastest in the world., Go behind the scenes of the Northeastern NUterm 5k Color Run in this new video., As a rising senior, Maggie Osbahr is pursuing a combined Bachelor and Master of Science in Civil Engineering degree, concentrating in environmental engineering. See how she is using her Dialogue of Civilizations Program to learn more about Italy and herself., Katherine Ziemer, asso­ciate vice provost for cur­riculum and professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering, said that “What if?” is one of her favorite phrases. And it also leads to another ques­tion in Ziemer’s world of mate­rials sci­ence: “Why?”, A group of North­eastern Uni­ver­sity grad­uate stu­dents in the School of Public Policy and Urban Affairs have placed second in the Fed­eral Home Loan Bank of Boston’s 16th annual Afford­able Housing Devel­op­ment Com­pe­ti­tion.

The stu­dents won $6,000 for their archi­tec­tural ren­dering of an afford­able housing devel­op­ment on a parcel of land on the Dorchester-Mattapan line in Boston., Colored powder was flying at Centennial Common yesterday as NUterm held its 5k Color Run., Ryan Pena’s Northeastern story began in Greece, where he experienced new parts of the world through the N.U.in program. It’s an opportunity he says wouldn’t have happened anywhere else. In this video, Ryan, BHS’19, shares his #TrueNortheastern story., Six standout Northeastern alumni will be inducted into the Northeastern University Varsity Club Hall of Fame for excellence in their respective sports., Born and raised in Nigeria, Claudia Okonkwo, E'15, wanted to become an engineer despite the fact it is considered an unusual profession for women there. Today, she’s a graduate of Northeastern University with a bachelor’s in chemical engineering and is moving on to Georgia Tech to pursue her doctorate in chemical and biomolecular engineering., Alumni Keke Lyles, BHS'11, and Michael Roncarati, BHS'11,—two key members of the Golden State Warriors' performance staff—share what it’s been like to help the team secure its first NBA Finals appearance in 40 years. The championship series tips off tonight, with the Warriors taking on the Cleveland Cavaliers., On Monday, the Supreme Court for the first time addressed the impli­ca­tions of free speech on social media. We asked three Northeastern fac­ulty mem­bers to dis­cuss the court’s deci­sion and its poten­tial impli­ca­tions on social media use and crim­inal law., Which emerging markets are growing and which are stumbling? And what are driving these trends? Experts discussed these issues Tuesday at Northeastern at the sixth annual Emerging Markets Symposium., President Joseph E. Aoun's first two Global Officers have thus far traveled to some 40 countries, networking with students, alumni, and entrepreneurial leaders., Looking to make some plans for the month of June? Northeastern has you covered with these must-see campus events., Feeling a little blue: A stu­dent wearing blue scrubs walks past Churchill Hall on a dreary Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University. http://bit.ly/1MafZCj, Renee Goudreau is a staff member in the university’s event man­age­ment depart­ment, working in Blackman Audi­to­rium and the Fenway Center. She part­ners with groups like the drama club and the admis­sions office—becoming “part of their team”—to stage spe­cial North­eastern events. Here, she shares her #TrueNortheastern story., Check out the amazing people, places, and events on Northeastern's campus during the month of May as documented by university photographers., In recent years, scientists have discovered that the human brain works on predictions, contrary to the previously accepted theory that it reacts to outside sensations. Now, in a paper published in Nature Reviews Neuroscience, Distinguished University Professor Lisa Feldman Barrett has reported finding the epicenter of those predictions., The men’s and women’s rowing teams capped off their seasons at the national championships over the weekend. The men’s varsity eight earned a sixth-place finish after securing a spot in the Grand Final thanks to a thrilling semifinal performance. The women’s team captured a top-20 team finish., Looking for a snack on a busy day? Chips and cookies are packed with sugar and fat, and will leave you hungry within an hour, says Fit Uni­ver­sity founder Sarah Gaines,AMD’15. Instead, try these healthy, filling tuna stacks. This video is the latest in our weekly Fit NU summer series that pro­vides fit­ness tips and healthy food options., New research from #Northeastern may explain the difficulty in treating Lyme disease. The research team, led by University Distinguished Professor Kim Lewis, presents in a new paper that it has identified drug-tolerant persister cells in the bacterium that causes Lyme disease. The researchers also present a promising approach to potentially eradicating this and other infections., Modern twists on the timeless Swiss cuckoo clock are on display in Northeastern’s Gallery 360 as part of a new exhibit, “24 Hours in the Life of a Swiss Cuckoo,” which is making its U.S. debut., Senator Edward J. Markey, Northeastern University Marine Science Center, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and The Ocean Policy program of the Center for American Progress held a briefing on Capitol Hill last week where experts discussed critical research and policy issues focused on protecting marine ecosystems., “Your inno­va­tion is nothing until you find a way to mon­e­tize it,” says Oleks Osiyevskyy, an assistant professor of innovation and entrepreneurship. “Unless you com­mer­cialize your inven­tion you won’t earn money nor will you change the world.”, A group of Northeastern University School of Journalism stu­dents  won the Stu­dent Award for Excel­lence in short-form, non-fiction video production from the New Eng­land Chapter of the National Academy of Tele­vi­sion Arts & Sci­ences, the nation’s most rec­og­nized non­profit orga­ni­za­tion ded­i­cated to the advance­ment of TV excellence., TV food star turned author Adam Richman on Wednesday led an engaging discussion and cooking demo at Northeastern to close out the Xhibition Kitchen’s 10th anniversary. Here are some highlights, including food stories and cooking tips., The U.S. Department of Justice on Wednesday indicted 14 individuals on charges alleging widespread corruption at FIFA, international soccer’s governing body. Law professor Roger Abrams examines the criminal investigation and what it could mean for the sport., Crossing a busy city intersection can be a precarious task for any pedestrian, a maze fraught with various obstacles. A new app, designed by Northeastern engineering students, would help blind or visually impaired people navigate that maze., Sarah Lombardo, SSH’15, Northeastern’s first-ever recipient of the prestigious Pickering Fellowship, wants to use diplomacy to help former combatants following a conflict., Professor Sanjeev Mukerjee, director of the Northeastern University Center for Renewable Energy Technology, says the new Powerwall lithium-ion battery is a good first foray into home energy storage but notes that the “ultimate solution” will require bringing down costs even further. http://bit.ly/1AtSumM, While in Uganda, Mika White tasted a local snack known as “white ants.” They’re flying African termites caught, fried to a crisp, and served as an interesting alternative to pretzels. Northeastern Magazine is compiling student stories and experiences about foods eaten while living abroad. What’s the strangest food you ate while studying abroad or on global co-op? Where were you? What did it taste like? Post pictures and details or send them to b.ibelle@neu.edu., Make sure to attend the Swiss cuckoo clock exhibit opening reception Thursday at 5 p.m. to learn about your chance to win a trip to Switzerland., In the latest install­ment of our weekly Fit Uni­ver­sity series, Sarah Gaines, AMD’15, offers advice for making healthy food choices in the dining hall. Craving a cookie at the end of your meal? “Have at it, but just take one,” Gaines says. http://bit.ly/1HujO17, Pres­i­dent Aoun speaks at an open house event last Thursday in Raytheon Amphithe­ater wel­coming James C. Bean, left, Northeastern’s incoming provost and senior vice pres­i­dent for aca­d­emic affairs. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., At Commencement, Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, L’98, urged the School of Law's newest graduates to believe in themselves, embrace uncertainty, and remember that their education belongs just as much to the entire community as it does to themselves. Healey also shared a personal story she had never told before. http://bit.ly/1FB8Ics, Over the weekend Ireland became the first country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage by popular vote, a historic event for the traditionally conservative nation. Northeastern associate professor Patrick Mullen discusses what it was like to be on the Emerald Isle during the vote. http://bit.ly/1FB6UQS, "I want to take a take a minute to tell you a story. It's a Northeastern story...but it's a story I've never told before..." - Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey shared a very personal story at her alma mater's School of Law Commencement on Friday., Here are some interesting figures and factoids about Northeastern's Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex. http://bit.ly/1R9QIex, The ISEC topping-off ceremony, Northeastern's Carter Playground investment, and #proudhusky are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week. http://bit.ly/1AjG4xv, Today, Northeastern will confer degrees upon its newest group of School of Law graduates, and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, L’98, will deliver the Commencement address. #NUSL2015 http://bit.ly/1EnyKM8, null, Northeastern University on Thursday held a ceremony celebrating a significant milestone in the construction of the Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex, as the final steel beam was added to the building’s structure. http://bit.ly/1PAHZ7y, Thanks to a fellowship from the Amer­ican Asso­ci­a­tion of Uni­ver­sity Women, coun­seling psy­chology PhD student Oyenike Balogun-Mwangi will be researching African women and body image.
http://bit.ly/1dntlzU, Four athletic teams were recognized by the NCAA on Wednesday as recipients of Public Recognition Awards, intended to highlight teams that demonstrate a commitment to academic progress and retention of student-athletes., President Aoun brought Los Angeles-based street muralist El Mac to campus as part of a large-scale effort to create beautiful works of public art on university grounds. Watch as El Mac paints an original piece for the university and discusses his passion for public art., Rucha Borle, E’16, is a graduate student from India who is studying industrial engineering. A welcoming community, great co-ops, and Boston are among her favorite aspects of life at Northeastern. Here, she shares her #TrueNortheastern story., The Northeastern women's rowing team is heading back to the NCAA Championships. The Huskies will travel to California for the national championships from May 29 to May 31 at the Sacramento State Aquatic Center., Liz Magee took her first scuba diving class during her second year at Northeastern. Before then, she hadn’t given much thought to a career in diving. Today, she wouldn’t think of doing anything else., At the latest installment of the “Minds over Matters: NUterm Faculty Speaker Series,” Sternberg Family Distinguished University Professor Alessandro Vespignani described how his lab is able to predict the spread of a disease by tracking just one person., After landing a co-op at her dream com­pany, Vidhi Patel, E’16, said she “feels very close to North­eastern” because the uni­ver­sity is helping her achieve her dreams. Here, Vidhi shares her #TrueNorth­eastern story., null, "Our minds, below our conscious awareness, allow us to extend moral leniency to those with whom we feel affiliated, whether that be a friend or member of team. The reason why is that if someone with whom we share an affiliation – even if he’s just part of a team we support – gain a benefit by cheating, we do, too, indirectly.", No, Pres­i­dent Aoun didn’t get a job at an ice cream shop for the summer. He and mem­bers of the Senior Lead­er­ship Team took up scooping duties to help cel­e­brate the close of the aca­d­emic year with fac­ulty and staff at the annual Year-End Social at the Curry Stu­dent Center. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Five North­eastern student-researchers have worked to address the world­wide water crisis, designing a solar-powered desali­na­tion system that pro­duces potable ocean water., Fit University: Tips for a quick, healthy lunch
In the latest install­ment of our Fit Uni­ver­sity summer series, Sarah Gaines, CAMD’15, shares tips for a quick, healthy lunch for people on the go., Huskies hauled in hardware at the CAA rowing championships this past weekend when the women’s rowing team swept all races to win its second straight conference title and fifth in seven years. The men’s team, meanwhile, turned in a dominating effort at the Eastern Sprints Championships and posted its best varsity eight finish in two decades., “What world do you want to live in?” 
That was the question posed this morning to more than 1,000 graduates at Matthews Arena on Northeastern’s Boston campus by graduation speaker Dr. Fred Frelow, education and scholarship senior program officer at the Ford Foundation, one of the largest foundations in the U.S. driving social change., In a new faculty speaker series, Mind over Matters, running throughout May and June, top faculty scholars will dis­cuss their research and examine inno­va­tion, new dis­cov­eries, and timely topics of global importance., In a unique public-private partnership, Northeastern and the City of Boston will build together a state-of-the-art athletic complex that will expand recreation opportunities at Carter Playground on Columbus Avenue for both Northeastern students and Boston residents., Northeastern’s Department of Cooperative Education and Career Development hosted the seventh annual Employer-Partner Conference on Tuesday to help co-op employers cultivate their workforce landscape., University photographers were there to document renowned Los Angeles-based street artist El Mac as he installed a new mural on Meserve Hall overlooking Centennial Common. The mural is the latest installation in Northeastern's Public Art Initiative., Five North­eastern student-researchers have retro­fitted a rowing machine with an inge­nious device, allowing people with para­plegia to exer­cise without the aid of a trainer., Beach Sisters, an outreach program at Northeastern’s Marine Science Center designed to help underserved school-aged girls develop scientific inquiry and citizenship skills, received an award at the Massachusetts State House on Monday., Relay for Life success: Marc Thomas, E’16, is an event lead for Northeastern’s Relay for Life, a non­profit fundraising event for the Amer­ican Cancer Society. The event involves more than 3,000 stu­dents each year and ranks as one of the nation’s largest col­le­giate relays. Here, he talks about the event and shares his #TrueNorth­eastern story., Rick Davis has joined Northeastern as the new vice president for Northeastern University Alumni. He brings extensive managerial experience, creativity, and enthusiasm to his new role leading the Alumni Relations office's programming, events, and outreach, which focus on Northeastern’s 220,000-member alumni community., From the ground up: The “bones” of the Inter­dis­ci­pli­nary Sci­ence and Engi­neering Com­plex are being put in place as the newest addi­tion to the North­eastern campus con­tinues to take shape. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., This beauty is ready! Come by and check out artist El Mac's piece on our campus. #OurCampusOurCanvas, The Northeastern baseball program will dedicate the new John "Tinker" Connelly Pavilion at Friedman Diamond this Saturday at 10:30 a.m., prior to the Huskies’ game against the College of Charleston., When James Pallotta, MBA’81, bought a controlling interest in the A.S. Roma soccer team in 2012, no one was surprised that he declared his intention to transform the struggling franchise into “the premier sports brand in the world.”, At Northeastern, an impressive 50 percent of graduates receive a job offer from a previous co-op employer. But in one Boston apartment, that number is a perfect 100 percent., The Nor'easters, Northeastern's award-winning a cappella group (pictured here), and Pitch Please!, will be featured in the documentary-style reality series "Sing It On" co-produced by singer-songwriter John Legend. The show premiers tonight on Pop TV. The Nor'easters will live stream their viewing party using the Periscope app., Playoff bound! For the third consecutive season, the Northeastern baseball team is heading to the CAA tournament as the Huskies defeated William & Mary, 2-1, on Saturday afternoon., Vic­toria Asman, E’15, talks about her mechan­ical engi­neering cap­stone project, which she says pro­vided her “a chance to prove myself as a mechan­ical engi­neer.” Learn more about Victoria’s #TrueNorth­eastern story., University photographers were there to document the people, places, and happenings that made the 2014-2015 academic year so special., Northeastern University appoints James C. Bean next provost and senior vice president for academic affairs. Bean will succeed Stephen W. Director, who is completing his seventh year as provost., On Friday, Northeastern celebrated its 113th Commencement! 
Check out our look back on the day. If you're one of the 3,780 undergraduates or 3,001 graduate students in the class of 2015, share what you're up to now, #NU2015!, Relive the excitement of Friday’s Commencement exercises with this video featuring the graduates, speakers, and emotions of the day. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OU5Gh171f7w, Northeastern University celebrated its 113th Commencement exercises on Friday, when graduates were honored and broadcast live to the world via Periscope by President Aoun and Commencement speaker and news anchor David Muir., Congratulations Class of 2015! Now that you're officially an alumnus, like the Northeastern University Alumni page to make sure you don't miss any information about special benefits, alumni events, reunions, and more!, Find and tag yourself at this morning's undergraduate ceremony! https://www.facebook.com/northeastern/app_115462065200508, Congrats to our graduate students! The afternoon ceremony livestream is at:  http://www.northeastern.edu/videostream/, Full coverage of Commencement 2015
Our special news page featuring comprehensive coverage of Northeastern University's 113th Commencement exercises and the 2015 graduates.
http://bit.ly/1cuZfKm, Northeastern University honored the fifth graduating class of Torch Scholars on Thursday afternoon at the Raytheon Amphitheater, celebrating the countless achievements of this group of young creators, researchers, and globetrotters. http://bit.ly/1H3Awqt, Inspired by her experiential learning opportunities, specifically those focused on research, Annmarie Uliano, E’15, will pursue a master’s degree in industrial engineering starting this fall., Congratulations to the class of 2015 graduating in North­eastern University’s 113th Com­mence­ment today! Live stream of the undergraduate ceremony and the commencement address by the Emmy award-winning anchor of ABC World News Tonight, David Muir, begins around 8:50 AM. It will recommence for the graduate student ceremony near 2pm.
http://www.northeastern.edu/videostream/, “I’ve had a wonderful experience, in terms of everything—education, job, environment.” Shailly Jain is a graduate student from Mumbai, India, studying telecommunication systems management, and this is her #TrueNortheastern story., Giana Manzi, S’15, makes cotton candy at the Senior Week Car­nival on Cen­ten­nial Common Tuesday, In addition to three conference championships and three regular season titles, Northeastern's student-athletes on Wednesday added another accolade to the trophy case for 2014-15: their highest cumulative grade point average in more than a decade., David Barra, S'15, is a natural-born leader and an insa­tiable learner, a self­less human­i­tarian and a member of Northeastern’s “Hunt­ington 100.”, A group of Northeastern seniors were recognized Wednesday at the annual Outstanding Cooperative Education Awards ceremony., Students designed two-minute videos show­casing why they’ve scored the coolest co-op in Northeastern’s his­tory. Then a team of fac­ulty and staff mem­bers judged the clips, awarding cash prizes to the top three finishers. See who won., If you missed the Northeastern University/ Oh Heck Yeah street arcade last night, then come out tonight! 6-9pm!, Students in Joseph Guay’s Crisis Mapping for Humanitarian Action graduate course are doing their part to help with the Nepal earthquake relief response by analyzing and sharing data coming out of the region., "As a leader, you have to be a moti­vator and a voice of reason," says Abdul Hafiz, SSH'15. "You can’t shy away from moments of con­tro­versy, and if you mess up, you have to admit that you were wrong, you have to fall on the sword.", The annual Department of Art + Design senior exhibit is now on display in Gallery 360. Curated by the department’s faculty, this show includes work by undergraduate seniors, as well as graduate students in the Information Design and Visualization program., Come on over and play some games!, There is only one response to hearing that Northeastern’s campus will be con­verted this week into a larger-than-life street arcade: “Oh heck yeah!” Be sure to come by Krentzman tonight at 6 p.m. to experience three different games., "Rather than merely defending the tenets of a liberal education, we should be advancing the teaching of what I call the 'New Literacy': a more expansive skill set that integrates both broad-based concepts and technical, quantitative content, leading to the deeper learning of each.", Northeastern students “are always trying to do something extra to further their education.” Andrew Finnell is a mechanical engineering student. Here, he shares his #TrueNortheastern story., “Working with Engineers Without Borders has been a very pos­i­tive and trans­for­ma­tive expe­ri­ence for me,” said Jake Ver­gara, a third-year chemical engineering major. “The oppor­tu­ni­ties that I’ve had have helped me develop into a better person and into a better engineer.”, Northeastern senior Lindsay Weigel, BHS’15, found her career calling in health and medicine from her many volunteering and community service experiences -- including co-ops -- both in Boston and across the globe., Following one of the best outdoor seasons in program history, the men's track and field team claimed its first Colonial Athletic Association championship since joining the conference with an impressive set of finishes during the final day of competition., Nepal’s “harsh geography” will make the rescue and humanitarian aid efforts in response to the devastating earthquake rather challenging, but technology and social media are improving the efficiency of these efforts, says Northeastern associate professor Ozlem Ergun, an expert in large-scale networks., Just because you're short on time, doesn't mean you can't get in a good workout, says Sarah Gaines, a Northeastern senior and Fit University creator. Here, in the first of a weekly video series, Gaines shares a quick, effective workout that takes just 15 minutes., Public art and video games meet tomorrow and Wednesday night! Oh Heck Yeah's street arcade is coming to Northeastern with a special graduation game made by Northeastern University College of Arts, Media and Design students!, Each day this week, as the campus community prepares for Friday’s Commencement, we’ll introduce you to a member of the graduating class. Jordan Lieberman, a fifth-year D’Amore-McKim School of Business student, found his passion at the crossroads of politics and business. After graduation, he’ll move to Arizona to start a career with Raytheon., Incorporating experiential learning, particularly co-op, into college engineering programs is the key to preparing graduates for the 21st century, said Northeastern Provost Stephen W. Director at a conference with the American Society for Engineering Education last week., "I hope that people who have been moved by Jenner’s disclosure will push themselves to not just follow trans celebrities with sympathy, but to support [trans] organizations and make changes in the systems that harm all trans people.", Take a look at the people, places and events documented by University Photographers Matthew Modoono and Brooks Canaday in April., Northeastern seniors, there are additional senior week tickets available for Monday night's Boston Red Sox game. #NU2015, Tweets of the Week: April 27 to May 1
Xhibition Kitchen, the end of finals, #OurCampusOurCanvas, and Ohheckyeah are among our selections of tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Pres­i­dent Aoun, a huge fan of public art and the visionary behind the wave of art projects pop­ping up all over campus, captured a moment with artist El Mac on Thursday. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Nanotechnology researchers at Northeastern are joining forces with Wengzou Medical University in China to collaborate in the new field of picotechnology—and combat eye infections., Artist El Mac is making progress on his latest original piece. If you're on the Northeastern campus stop by Centennial and watch him paint. #OurCampusOurCanvas, “It provides an opportunity to explore a part of the ocean that has been somewhat overlooked in ocean acidification research," said Professor Justin Ries. "As a geologist, it’s always exciting to explore a new part of the world, and how global processes and cycles are evolving there.”, On Tuesday, more than 90 con­gres­sional staff and edu­ca­tion advo­cates took part in a leg­isla­tive policy briefing on Capitol Hill orga­nized by Northeastern’s Office of Gov­ern­ment Rela­tions and the office of Sen­ator Patty Murray. As Con­gress pre­pares to reau­tho­rize the Higher Edu­ca­tion Act, offi­cials from the U.S. Depart­ment of Trea­sury and U.S. Depart­ment of Edu­ca­tion joined admin­is­tra­tors from North­eastern Uni­ver­sity and Bellevue Col­lege to share infor­ma­tion about fed­eral ini­tia­tives and higher edu­ca­tion best prac­tices around finan­cial lit­eracy. Photo by Rachel Larue for North­eastern University., Joe Thomas’ rise to promi­nence in the Insta­gram com­mu­nity took place last month, when he was placed on the photo-sharing site’s sug­gested user list. His number of Insta­gram fol­lowers grew precipitously—from 3,000 to some 23,000—and his pres­tige increased dra­mat­i­cally, resulting in his Q&A with The Boston Globe., "The university launched its highly-accomplished rowing program in 1965, when a group of novice oarsmen took the rowing world by storm, defeating 33 of 34 crews and earning an invitation to the Henley Royal Regatta.", One of CAMD architecture student Christina Dadona's takeaways from co-op: "I’m going to push the limits more in studio. Sometimes I get caught up in technical detail and I think I’ve been playing it safe. Studio is the place to challenge yourself and do something risky.", Members of Northeastern's thriving entrepreneurial ecosystem came together to commemorate the fifth anniversary of IDEA and celebrate the announcement of a gift endowing the student-run venture accelerator's CEO position., null, “Change can be fright­ening,” said Danielle Duplin, mother of Alexandra Duplin, DMSB'17, and vice pres­i­dent at Fidelity Invest­ments, “but it can also be exciting, because it means some­thing amazing could happen.”, Northeastern baseball swept a series with Hofstra this weekend, thanks to home runs from Rob Fonseca, Pat Madigan., When willpower is not enough: Prof. David DeSteno’s research shows that activating the right emotions can be the most powerful weapon against self-defeating temptations like marshmallows., Grad­uate stu­dent Mike Humphrey, from the Gordon Insti­tute of Engi­neering Lead­er­ship pro­gram, sets off his team’s bottle rocket on Cen­ten­nial Common on Friday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., The Huntington 100, College of Engineering capstones, #iheartcoop, and President Aoun's essay in Inside Higher Ed were among our selections of tweets from the Northeastern community this week., A team of Northeastern researchers has received a National Science Foundation grant to develop a decision framework for designing buildings that are both resilient and sustainable in the face of multiple environmental hazards like earthquakes, flooding, and heavy winds., “This uni­ver­sity has a great momentum,” North­eastern Pres­i­dent Joseph E. Aoun said. “We have achieved what no other uni­ver­sity has achieved because of this great align­ment in the com­mu­nity between stu­dents, fac­ulty, and staff, who are all pulling in the same direc­tion and thinking big.”, Northeastern senior Sarah Gaines is the founder of Fit NU and Fit University. Here, in the first of a weekly, sum­mer­long video series, Gaines introduces you to Fit University., “Our advance was in how you get the cells and then how you process them,” said Karger, the James L. Waters Chair in Analytical Chemistry at Northeastern and founding director of the Barnett Institute of Chemical and Biological Analysis., The annual gathering of the "Huntington 100" celebrated those who have excelled in the class­room and in the com­mu­nity, with a par­tic­ular focus on research, entre­pre­neur­ship, expe­ri­en­tial learning, and service., Global co-ops. Identifying mentors. Leadership qualities. These topics and more were discussed by four #Northeastern alumnae who shared their business experiences and career advice at #WomenWhoInspire., Today is Academic Honors Convocation, where the Northeastern community honors the work and accomplishments of its students, faculty, and staff. Come cheer them on in Blackman at 3 p.m., What makes a great teacher? You submitted nominations for excellence in teaching, find out who won at Academic Honors Convocation., Northeastern University School of Law professor Daniel Medwed examines the Tsarnaev sentencing phase and the possibility of capital punishment., Marine biology student Ben Moran, winner of the NOAA's Hollings Scholarship, has amassed an impressive variety of research experiences at Northeastern., Last week at Northeastern, author and activist Naomi Klein discussed her latest book This Changes Everything and the clash between capitalism and climate change., The Academic Honors Convocation is this Thursday. Join us as we celebrate many achievements of students, faculty, and staff., "...the marriage of liberal arts skills with experiential learning yields advanced survival skills for the modern era: creative, critical and analytical thinking, deft communication, and the ability to deal with complexity and ambiguity, applying knowledge in unexpected situations..." - President Joseph E. Aoun in an opinion piece published today, The 2015 Commencement speaker announcement, Husky Startup Challenge Demo Day, and the arrival of spring are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern is getting ready for artist El Mac on campus. Stay tuned to see how it's going next week!, The col­lege kid, the fire­fighter, the police officer, and the real estate exec­u­tive have made a habit out of keeping in touch since the Boston Marathon bombings, tex­ting, emailing, and hanging out for the heck of it., While studying at Northeastern, Christie Civetta, SSH’15, has worked throughout the world to tackle the prevention of suicide and drug abuse. She’ll share her journey with her fellow graduates on May 8 when she delivers her Commencement address., Reminder that Academic Honors Convocation is next week on Thursday at 2:30 p.m. in Blackman. Come see who among the Northeastern community is being honored this year., Members of the Northeastern community convened on Wednesday afternoon to remember those affected by the attacks, which killed three people and injured more than 260 others., The award—which is bestowed upon no more than 500 Chi­nese scholars out of a pool of some 400,000 each year—includes a $6,000 prize and a cer­tifi­cate of achieve­ment issued by the China Schol­ar­ship Council., “Over the past 50 years, I have become more aware of how per­va­sive my Holo­caust her­itage is, and I struggle to find a bal­ance between living in the present and being pre­oc­cu­pied by the past,” said Helen Epstein, the daughter of Holocaust survivors., Co-op proved to be a big inspiration for many students who presented research at RISE:2015. #iheartcoop, Students had the opportunity at Monday night’s Husky Startup Challenge Demo Day to showcase their business plans, which aim to solve a host of unmet problems., A message from President Joseph E. Aoun to the Northeastern University community., Michael Katoni, AMD'17, enjoys the sun on Centennial Common on Monday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Irene Selig recently shared her story with the Northeastern community as part of the university’s annual Holocaust Awareness Week., null, Run­ners take off from starting line of 7th annual Big Dog 5K, held on Northeastern’s campus Sunday morning. Photo by Brian Bae/for North­eastern University., The National Academy of Engineering on Friday presented Northeastern's Simon Pitts and Michael Silevitch with a prestigious national prize for their leadership and impact on Northeastern’s Gordon Engineering Leadership Program., “These dis­tin­guished indi­vid­uals each have had a for­mi­dable impact on their fields, and on society,” said Pres­i­dent Aoun. "Our hon­orees are tremen­dous role models for our grad­u­ating stu­dents, rep­re­senting what it means to be global cit­i­zens who are actively engaged in trans­forming the world.”, Find out more about of the 80 Northeastern students, faculty, and staff who will be recognized at the annual Academic Honors Convocation, which will be held later this month in Blackman Auditorium., Here's our video capturing the sights and sounds from an exciting day at #RISE2015!, Tweets of the Week: April 6-10
RISE:2015, faculty experts, and why students chose Northeastern are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., National Guard Bureau Chief General Frank J. Grass visited the university on Thursday afternoon to celebrate the partnership, which will enable guardsmen to earn their master’s degree in homeland security through the College of Professional Studies., null, Northeastern will host hockey's Hobey Baker Award Cerermony at Matthews Arena, one of the few arenas still in use where Hobey Baker actually played., Northeastern students and faculty showcased their entrepreneurial spirit and innovative research projects at RISE:2015 on Thursday., North­eastern University’s annual Research, Inno­va­tion, and Schol­ar­ship Expo, which show­cases use-inspired and inno­v­a­tive research being done by hun­dreds of stu­dents and fac­ulty, is today from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Cabot Center!, Why does fed­eral law pro­hibit the sale of human organs, as spec­i­fied in the National Organ Trans­plant Act of 1984? The answer, according to Kara Swanson, an asso­ciate pro­fessor of law at North­eastern Uni­ver­sity, lies in a tan­gled web of legal rul­ings and wide­spread fear of the now defunct pro­fes­sional blood donor., An inter­dis­ci­pli­nary group of North­eastern Uni­ver­sity stu­dents and fac­ulty have com­bined their knowl­edge of engi­neering and phys­ical therapy to design, develop, and then deliver two low-cost com­mu­ni­ca­tion devices to dis­abled chil­dren living at a pair of orphan­ages in Ecuador., null, The Importance of Being Earnest, the Department of Theatre's final production of the academic year, is in the midst of its two-week run at the Studio Theatre. In this audio slideshow, director Scott Edmiston and two student actors explain what it's like being part of this Oscar Wilde comedy., Emma Kaeli, E’18, was one of 260 students selected from a nationwide pool of more than 1,000 applicants to receive this prestigious award for those interested in pursuing research careers., As part of Holocaust Awareness week, "Talking with Grandma" – today at 5 p.m. in the Alumni Center – features Irene Selig and her grandson and current student Elijah Botkin as they discuss this generation's role in preserving family history., "As we lurch up the mountain, I marvel at how far I have come from my comfortable college life in Boston, and take pride in the fact that this experience was entirely my own creation.", The Northeastern Marketing Association student group won four awards last month and were recognized for increasing its membership, expanding services, and growing the group's presence on campus., Sam Warner, E’16, plays ping­pong with Brad Fiore, E’16, not pic­tured, in the Curry Student Center game room. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University. http://bit.ly/1HQ91jp, A panel of experts on Wednesday dis­cussed how the growing pop­u­la­tion of adults over 65 and advance­ments in tech­nology present oppor­tu­ni­ties for entre­pre­neurs to bring much-needed inno­va­tions in eldercare., U.S. Con­gressman Mike E. Capuano speaks with Col­lege of Engi­neering Dis­tin­guished Pro­fessor Ming Wang next to the VOTERS mobile van during a campus visit on Friday. The con­gressman took a short ride-along in the mobile van, which is part of a project to create a simple, inex­pen­sive way to detect sur­face and sub­sur­face roadway defects. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Northeastern's career development blog, The Works, is launching their 5 Alums, 5 Years Later series today, with a new alum and #iheartcoop experience out on Mondays., Northeastern University School of Law professor Kara Swanson will give the 51st Klein Lecture on Tuesday at 4 p.m. in the Raytheon Amphitheater. Her lecture is titled "Banking on the Body:  The Market in Blood, Milk and Sperm in Modern America.", RISE:2015, the annual Academic Honors Convocation, and the Senior Showcase exhibit in Gallery 360 are among the must-see events taking place at Northeastern this month., One of the competition's biggest chal­lenges required the North­eastern stu­dents to draw on the hacking skills honed in weekly team drills to thwart attacks from real-word cyberde­fense experts., Northeastern's Silicon Valley educational hub, the CEO Breakfast Forum, and April Fools' Day are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern University photographers Brooks Canaday and Matthew Modoono documented some amazing people, places and things during March, 2015., Behavioral Neuroscience may be the fastest growing major in the College of Science, but can they win it all at Family Feud? The College is hosting a competition on Monday, April 6 from 5-8 p.m., Seven Boston-area startups recently showcased their businesses to a panel of experts at a Northeastern-sponsored event in Roxbury., Boston 2024 Partnership Chairman John Fish, the keynote speaker Wednesday at Northeastern's CEO Breakfast Forum, outlined the reasons he believes hosting the Olympics could be 'transformative' for the city., Mary Bonauto, L’87, has been selected by the attorneys for gay and lesbian plaintiffs to argue for overturning same-sex marriage bans, based on the rights afforded by the 14th amendment., From new lobster mascots and new graduation requirements to running the MBTA, we hope you enjoyed our April Fools content today! The real news@Northeastern will be back tomorrow!, Taking a selfie with President Aoun will henceforth be among Northeastern's new graduation requirements. Others include mas­tering the university’s under­ground tunnel system and listing the ingre­di­ents of a TKO from Chicken Lou’s when prompted by uni­ver­sity leaders., The college’s 100-year record of excel­lence in teaching, research, and com­mu­nity ser­vice fac­tored heavily in the group’s decision., The university’s athletic teams will henceforth be known as the Blue Lobsters, in honor of the uniquely-colored crustaceans housed at the Marine Science Center., "Making the decision to pursue a graduate degree isn’t easy—nor should it be. The investment is as much emotional as it is financial and will affect the next two to three years of your life.", Tonight is opening night for CAMD's production of "The Importance of Being Earnest" at 8 PM in Curry Studio Theatre., Ellie Shin, SSH/S’16, was determined to work on co-op in a campus research lab. She found one, and has quickly made the most of her experiences., Over the past five weeks, Sport in Society staff have been vis­iting the Spring Training facil­i­ties of all 30 MLB teams and admin­is­tering the new, league-mandated domestic vio­lence edu­ca­tion pro­gram for all major league players on 40-man ros­ters., Northeastern is launching a new one-stop-shop careers portal that will streamline the co-op and full-time job search for students, alumni, Business major Samantha Kim is getting hands-on experience helping develop global marketing campaigns for VMware in Silicon Valley. The university, today, announced that it is launching a location in Silicon Valley, which is home to some 4,200 alumni and 90 co-ops., Professor and Department of Chemical Engineering chair Thomas Webster, who has pioneered the use of nanotechnology to improve medical devices, was formally installed as the Art Zafiropoulo Chair in Engineering, “North­eastern has never been bound by loca­tion,” said Pres­i­dent Joseph E. Aoun. “Our co-op pro­gram takes stu­dents around the world, and our regional campus net­work pro­vides expe­ri­en­tial learning for pro­fes­sionals in a knowledge-based economy. Northeastern’s Sil­icon Valley hub builds on our approach of seeing busi­nesses as part­ners and new regions as oppor­tu­ni­ties to empower human potential.”, Stu­dents, and their shadows, make their way past Northeastern's Egan Center earlier this week. Photo by Matt Modoono/Northeastern University., Relay For Life, Springfest 2015, student startups, and Greek Week are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern University faculty explain how a wave of health news and information, which sometimes can be inaccurate, can cause Americans' failure to respond productively in a crisis. This was evident during the recent Ebola outbreak., Civil rights pioneer Bryant Rollins, LA'61, has spent the past half century building bridges between black and white Americans. He reflects on the next phase of the civil rights movement., #TBT Last week Senior Scott Eatherton dunked over Notre Dame defenders in the first half of the NCAA tournament game. Northeastern University staff photographer Matthew Modoono joined the men's basketball team on its journey from Boston to Pittsburgh, where the Huskies faced Notre Dame in the second round of the NCAA tournament. It marked the first time since 1991 that the men's basketball team competed in March Madness., Researchers at Northeastern's MoBS Lab utilized a public transit model to depict how a hypothetical pandemic can spread across the world. The Epidemic Rapid Transit Map is on display at the New York Hall of Science, beginning today., "Emerald Networks," the newest exhibit at Northeastern's Gallery 360, offers a look at the history of park systems in five U.S. cities and how present-day needs are affecting open space development and use., Northeastern University faculty explain how a wave of health news and information, which sometimes can be inaccurate, can cause Americans' failure to respond productively in a crisis. This was evident during the recent Ebola outbreak., Utah Gov. Gary Herbert this week signed a new law that makes death by firing squad an alternative option for capital punishment. Northeastern professor Michael Meltsner weighs in on the controversial law., When she’s not sup­porting the Inter­na­tional Space Sta­tion crew, Whiting is busy get­ting schooled in NASA his­tory, soaking up knowl­edge from the likes of astro­naut Peggy Whitson, who’s logged some 376 days in space., Hosted by the School of Law, a group of experts will discuss the laws and policies that must be put in place in the aftermath of Ferguson. Join tonight at 5:30 p.m. in 240 Dockser., Congrats to @NEURelayForLife for surpassing its fundraising and attendance goals for this weekend's event!, Glavine, Huskies excited for home opener
Northeastern's baseball game at Friedman Diamond today marks Mike Glavine's first home opener as manager of the red and black., Lilly Stairs, AMD'15, used being diagnosed with two autoimmune diseases as inspiration to become an advocate for the 50 million other Americans with similar diagnoses., The next generation is feeling the pride!, It was a big week for Northeastern. From thrilling March Madness competition and excitement, to Engineering professors solving Boston's pothole problems with the VOTERS van, check out Tweets of the Week to see what you missed., Congratulations Northeastern Men's Basketball seniors Reggie Spencer and Scott Eatherton for all that you’ve accomplished on and off the court., Northeastern pride: On college basketball’s biggest stage, the Huskies competed with confidence, poise, and passion representative of a proud and confident university. #NUmadness, At the College of Science co-op expo, students discussed their co-op experiences at companies, research institutes, and labs from as near as Northeastern’s campus and as far as London, Madagascar, and Australia., Are you ready? Here are three quick ways to get in on #NUmadness!, School of Law professors Daniel Medwed and Michael Meltsner weighed in on the ongoing debate about mandatory minimum sentences in a Boston Globe op-ed., We have two TV commercials ready to run during Thursday's game. Vote for your favorite!

http://woobox.com/t95tct, Bill Coen is a veteran of the NCAA tournament. But on Thursday, he'll make his first trip to the Big Dance as a head coach., Researchers at Northeastern's Dukakis Center for Urban and Regional Policy released a report today on the housing market in the Boston area. They found that while the economy is booming, housing options have not kept up., No matter where in the world you watch Thursday's men's basketball game - from Boston to Seattle to Charlotte to London to Dubai - show your support for the Huskies by wearing red & black! Tip-off against Notre Dame is 12:15 p.m. on CBS., Pittsburgh area Huskies, join fellow members of the Northeastern community for a pre-game reception in the PA West Room at the Westin Convention Center, located a short walk away from the CONSOL Energy Center, the site of the game. We also have a limited number of tickets to the game, so get them while they last. Details at: bit.ly/18IhQ2O, Communication studies major John Erland, AMD'16, spent six months on co-op in Myanmar - which ended its military dictatorship in 2011 - teaching citizens English and working on social issues., Researchers from the College of Engineering have developed a van that's stocked with GPS, radar, microphones and a host of other technology to detect potholes in real time. Look for them on the streets of Boston in the coming weeks as the snow continues to thaw and drivers are scrambling to avoid the damaging signs of spring on our roads., #NUmadness is sweeping campus as Huskies in the US and around the world get ready for Men's Basketball to take on Notre Dame in the NCAA Tournament! Check out the #NUmadness liveblog to experience life on the road with the team, share your excitement on Twitter or Instagram with #NUmadness, and wear black and red on Thursday! #GoNU, Five mobile phone charging stations developed by Ryan Wright, E'09, are now at key locations around campus for the Northeastern community to try out and provide feedback on., Huskies: Meet outside Cabot on Forsyth Street at 3:30 TODAY to send off the Men's Basketball Team as they make their way to Pittsburgh! #NUmadness, New research from Northeastern's @davidlazer indicates that politicians do in fact have the power to persuade their constituents—and not just those who share their party affiliation., Graduate students recently met with Massport officials to present recommendations for strengthening infrastructure lifeline resilience at Logan International Airport. The proposals were developed as part of a new interdisciplinary course at Northeastern., Show your support for the Men's Basketball team with this profile pic. GO HUSKIES!!! #MarchMadness #NUmadness, null, Few people look forward to being excused from a room. But for Northeastern Athletic Director Peter Roby, a member of the NCAA men's basketball selection committee, it was a dream come true this weekend. It meant his Huskies were in the NCAA tournament., The Northeastern community roared in celebration Sunday night at an NCAA Selection Show watch party at the Cabot Center, where the Huskies learned they will face the Fighting Irish on Thursday at 12:15 p.m. in Pittsburgh., As temperatures continue to rise, so does the steel frame of the Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex on Columbus Avenue. Photo by Matt Modoono/Northeastern University, Still in the market for a Fall 2015 co-op? For students interested in working with innovative startups, check out On Fire to Hire. http://bit.ly/1DvGpZb, Huskies, are you ready to dance? Hang out with our very own CAA CHAMPIONS on Sunday for the Selection Show event in Cabot. Doors open at 5:00 pm!, Huskies, do you have a favorite #TrueNortheastern sports moment? A buzzer beater? Great championship run? Cheering your heart out? Share your favorite #TrueNortheastern sports moment, and make a new one cheering on the men's basketball team at the Selection Sunday watch party in Cabot: http://on.fb.me/1b5m9qC, Jillian Gleason, BS/MS'15, will run the this year's Boston Marathon on behalf of the Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation, which seeks to honor Martin’s mes­sage of “No more hurting people—peace” by investing in edu­ca­tion, ath­letics, and community., Men's basketball, Young Global Leaders Conference, Relay For Life, and student mentoring are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Have a look at what students in Chico, Calif. are up to this week on Alternative Spring Break, working with GRID Alternatives to bring renewable energy to low-income families., The Northeastern men's basketball team is returning to the NCAA tournament for the first time in more than two decades. But did you know the Huskies have made seven previous appearances in the Big Dance? Here's a look back at how they've fared., #TBT Huskies Dan Callahan, Ben Harlee, Lamont Hough and Steve Carney fought hard against the UNC Tar Heels of in the first round of the 1991 NCAA tournament. Who will the 2015 Huskies play in round one of the big dance? Join the team for a selection show watch party at Cabot Center at 5 pm! http://on.fb.me/1b5m9qC, The Northeastern Huskies are headed to the Big Dance. The men's basketball team will learn its NCAA tournament opponent on Sunday evening, and fans are invited to join the team for a selection show watch party!, Graduate student Jessica Torossian encountered winter’s beauty in the form of frost flowers while performing field research on blue mussels in the Gulf of Maine., The Northeastern community has flooded Twitter the past few
days with excitement over the men's basketball team securing its first NCAA tournament berth in 24 years. Here are some of the jubilant messages and photos., Natalia Ivanova, DMSB'15, enjoys the sun while sitting under the Richardson Plaza clock tower on Wednesday. Photo by Matt Modoono., Baroness Catherine Ashton, the EU’s former foreign policy chief, spoke at Northeastern last week as part of the Center for International Affairs and World Cultures’ Global Leaders Forum. She shared her insight into best practices for foreign policy success., Researchers at Northeastern's Dukakis Center for Urban and Regional Policy contributed to a report released today on the growing popularity of walkable urban development in Boston. They have found social equity must play an important role in communities' commitment to this growing trend. http://bit.ly/1BwFeKI, As part of their senior capstone project, engineering students lend a hand, or an arm, to the farming industry—one where accidents are two and a half times more likely to end in amputation than any other injury. They’ve developed “farm arm,” which is a prosthetic device designed to help amputee workers operate farm machinery like tractor controls., Find out more about NUterm: An exciting new academic option during Summer I for rising second-year students, which will give them greater flexibility to customize their academic pathway and build class spirit., The more time fathers spend with their chil­dren on a typ­ical day, the greater job sat­is­fac­tion and less con­flict between work and family they expe­ri­ence, according to a new study by D'Amore researchers., Huskies, come by Chicken Lou's on Forsyth St. at 12:30 PM to welcome back the men's basketball team after their CAA conference championship victory last night. The team is headed for their first March Madness appearance since 1991., The Northeastern men’s basketball team returns to March Madness for the first time in 24 years after a thrilling 72-61 victory over William & Mary in the Colonial Athletic Association championship game last night. The Huskies will learn their first round opponent on Sunday., Students make their way to Snell Library last week. Photo by Brooks Canaday., “The point [of the overnight fundraising walk] is to show that the journey of the cancer patient is long and dif­fi­cult. But when the sun comes up, we’ll all be walking toward hope.”, A new antibiotic just doesn't appear out of thin air. Read how Professor Slava Epstein took to the soil with an innovative instrument, iChip, to set the stage for a groudbreaking discovery earlier this year., More than 180 members of the Northeastern community this week are participating in Alternative Spring Break. They have traveled to 17 locations across the Americas to volunteer and address social issues.
http://bit.ly/1E60hET, The Chronicle of Higher Education took an in-depth look at the success and rise of Northeastern's research enterprise, The 2015 CAA Men’s Basketball Championship kicks off in Baltimore today, and the Huskies will face Delaware in the quarterfinals tomorrow at 8:30 PM., Huskies vs. Red Sox, Profiles in Innovation, Los Huskies, and Art Lift were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., This weekend, the women’s hockey team will make its fifth straight Hockey East semifinal appearance, squaring off against Boston University tomorrow. The winner will advance to Sunday’s championship game., More than eight out of 10 films or TV shows Netflix users watch are based on the site’s recommendation. These suggestions are the result of complex algorithms, according to Carlos Gomez-Uribe, vice president of product innovation at Netflix., The road to the TD Garden begins tonight when men’s ice hockey hosts Merrimack in a best-of-three first round playoff series at Matthews Arena., Experts examined January’s attacks in Paris, and the tragic events’ place in the larger context of conflicts, terrorism, free speech, and inequality., Tune in now to hear from Carlos Gomez-Uribe, the man behind Netflix’s personalized recommendation system., Spin cycle. Maddison Grogan, BHS’15, practices her figure skating during an open skate session at Matthews Arena on Wednesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., #TBT: Author and poet Maya Angelou speaking at Northeastern University in March 1986., Charles Best joined us on campus last week to share the story of his journey from public high school history teacher to philanthropist and founder of DonorsChoose.org., Today at 4:30 PM, Netflix’s Carlos Gomez-Uribe will share the innovation process used at Netflix that has led to a remarkable evolution in the recommendation and search algorithms that help viewers find movies and TV shows to watch., The new approach, some 30 years in the making, could dramatically increase the survival rate of patients with cancer, which kills some 8 million people each year., Landscape architect Kate Orff led a tour last week of “Petrochemical America,” a Gallery 360 exhibit that features photographs by Richard Misrach and Orff’s research of the social, environmental, health, and economic impacts of the petrochemical industry on a stretch of the Mississippi River. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Northeastern received $111.2 million in external research funding in 2013-2014., Have a question for Carlos Gomez-Uribe, Vice President of Product Innovation at Netflix? Submit it below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers!, Join us tomorrow as Carlos Gomez-Uribe, Vice President of Product Innovation at Netflix, discusses the connection between entertainment, big data, and predicting human behavior with eerie levels of accuracy., In Santa Clara, three female tech industry leaders offered advice for how women can become more involved in the technology and science fields., Yesterday, Swatch co-inventor Elmar Mock joined us on campus to discuss his passion for creativity, risk-taking, and disruptive innovations., As opening statements in the trail of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev begin today, Daniel Medwed, a nationally known criminal law expert, is particularly interested in five things., On Thursday, Netflix’s Carlos Gomez-Uribe will share the innovation process used at Netflix that has led to a remarkable evolution in the recommendation and search algorithms that help viewers find movies and TV shows to watch., From high-profile speakers and athletic events to career conferences and Relay for Life, here are some of the can’t-miss events happening on campus this month., “The reality of being a nurse means putting your needs behind those of your patients and their families,” said Samantha Sullivan, a third-year nursing major on co-op at Boston Children’s Hospital. “When cancer starts taking snow days, maybe nurses can too. Until then, this is exactly what we’ve signed up for.”, Tune in now as Swatch co-inventor Elmar Mock shares how his breakthrough product rescued the Swiss watch industry., The Swatch watch is one of the world’s most iconic brands. At today’s special noontime Profiles in Innovation event, Swatch co-inventor Elmar Mock will sit down with Provost Stephen Director to discuss the past, present, and future of watchmaking. Submit questions for Mock below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., The Northeastern baseball team will take on the Boston Red Sox in their annual spring training contest at 1:05 PM today at Jet Blue Park in Fort Myers, Florida., At noon today, Swatch co-inventor Elmar Mock joins us on campus for an exclusive Profiles in Innovation event. Are you part of Swatch's loyal following? We want you to #ShowUsYourSwatch., Looking for a co-op, full-time, or internship position with a startup? Register for the On Fire To Hire networking event, taking place on March 16th., The men’s basketball team claimed a share of the CAA regular season title with a 65-56 win over the weekend. The Huskies will begin their quest for the 2015 CAA championship on March 7th against Delaware., Take a look at the people, places, and happenings at Northeastern in February as seen through the lenses of university photographers., A novel app developed by Northeastern researchers detects traffic differentiation – the practice of offering better (or worse) performance to certain classes of Internet traffic – in mobile networks., The Swatch watch stands as one of the world’s most iconic brands. It took pop culture by storm in the 1980s and remains a global force in fashion and commerce today. Join us tomorrow for a special event with Swatch co-inventor Elmar Mock. Submit questions for Mock below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., With Sunday’s 4-3 win, the Huskies advance to the Hockey East semifinal round against Boston University on Saturday, March 7th., On Thursday, a photo of a party dress hit the Internet, and never has a garment been so polarizing. To some, the photo shows a white dress with gold lace. To others, the dress is blue with black lace. So, which is right? Well the answer isn’t as black and white as you’d think., Shoveling out our neighbors, the Beanpot tournament, and paint night are among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., The Swatch watch stands as one of the world’s most iconic brands. It took pop culture by storm in the 1980s and remains a global force in fashion and commerce today. Join us on March 3rd for a special event with Swatch co-inventor Elmar Mock., A group of Northeastern students participated in Student Financial Aid Day at the State House, meeting with state senators and representatives to advocate continued support for need-based financial aid programs., Postseason hockey returns to Matthews Arena tonight when the women’s hockey team hosts the UNH Wildcats in a new, best-of-three format in the Women’s Hockey East quarterfinals., #TBT: A procession leaves Richards Hall for Ell Hall during the 50th anniversary convocation on October 2, 1948., At the College of Science co-op expo, students present scientific posters reflecting on their co-op experience., Thirty-eight percent of incoming freshmen in 2006 ranked in the top 10% of their high school class; in 2014, it was sixty-six percent., Skye Moret is looking to translate her research on the Earth’s oceans into a tangible, visual experience for a broader audience., “From grammar school to college, you’re judged by how good your answers are to questions that other people ask you; but in life, you’re judged by how good your questions are.”, Kate Murdock, DMSB’18, has quickly become one of the key members of Northeastern’s thriving entrepreneurial ecosystem., Can’t make it to Raytheon today to see Robert Langer? You can still submit questions on Facebook and Twitter with #NUSpeakers, and don’t forget to tune into the live stream!, Matt Dielman, E’18, uses his arm to chop his team’s edible bridge in half after passing the maximum weight carrying capacity during the annual edible bridge challenge in the Snell Engineering Center on Monday. Each team of students demonstrated the weight carrying capacity of their bridges, which were made out of all food groups using 40 percent grains, 15 percent vegetables, 10 percent dairy, 10 percent protein, and 10 percent other, such as sugar and fats. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Five years out of college, Northeastern alum Evan Souliere has parlayed his engineering skills into one of the more unusual careers you’re likely to encounter: designing and repairing wooden roller coasters., He’s been called a “modern-day Thomas Edison.” He hold more than 1,000 patents and has launched more than two dozen companies. Join President Aoun today at 4 PM for a wide-ranging discussion with Robert Langer about invention, entrepreneurship, and breakthroughs in bioengineering., For the fourth consecutive year, a delegation led by Northeastern students placed first at the International Model NATO conference., Earlier this month, Boston Ballet dancers treated more than 300 Northeastern community members to a sneak-peek performance of the ballet company’s upcoming spring repertoire. The event-the first Ballet Dance Talk-included a Q&A session and was part of Northeastern’s ongoing partnership with the Boston Ballet that offers dancers the distinct opportunity to pursue their formal education and prepare for life after dance. Photo by Heratch Ekmekjian., Northeastern screenwriting instructor Sandra Jaffe discusses the highly anticipated second book from author Harper Lee, as well as her own documentary on “To Kill a Mockingbird.”, One thousand patents, two dozen companies, 220 major awards. Robert Langer, the “modern-day Thomas Edison,” is one of the most celebrated engineers and inventors in the world. Submit questions for Langer below or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers!, Mid-semester tests and projects mean late nights in Snell Library. Get a safe ride home with RedEye, NUPD’s off-campus shuttle service, which runs nightly from 7 PM to 6 AM., What would the Northeastern community do with $25,000 in DonorsChoose gift cards? Let’s find out. This Thursday, Founder and CEO of DonorsChoose.org, Charles Best, will be on campus to deliver a keynote address, where he will give a total of $25,000 in DonorsChoose gift cards to attendees. Register now for this special event!, Motivated by the 1999 Columbine High School massacre, “columbinus” is a multimedia docudrama that uses facts and fiction to examine bullying, isolation, and other pressures facing high school students., The men’s hockey team rallied from a 3-1 third-period deficit to force overtime, but a power-play goal by Boston University gave the Terriers a 4-3 win in a thrilling Beanpot final., On February 3rd, the men’s hockey team secured a thrilling 3-2 victory over Boston College in the semifinal round of the 2015 Beanpot Tournament. Here are some sights and sounds from that win., Think spring. As Red Sox pitchers and catchers reported to Spring Training in Fort Myers on Friday, Cy Young peered out across the snow in front of Churchill Hall, on the site of the first World Series ever played. Contributed photo by David Luzzi., Northeastern researchers have found a way to connect diseases based on their shared molecular interactions, a remarkable step in understanding human disease., Experiential. Connected. Home. These are just some of the many words used to describe Northeastern last week. This week’s #TrueNortheastern question: How is Northeastern shaping your life or career?, Boston’s bragging rights are on the line tonight when our men’s hockey team plays Boston University in the 2015 Beanpot championship. Tune into NESN at 7:30 PM to watch the Huskies battle for their first Beanpot title since 1988!, Scientists are using the ancient Japanese art of paper folding to mimic folds of organ and liver tissue, applying a variety of pressure to the origami and then noting the paper’s reaction., Registration is now open for the second annual NU Global Summit, on February 28th, which will look at emerging markets and the unique issues they face., Women Who Inspire, Model NATO, inspirational stories, and knitted hats were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern professor David Lewkowicz will be a guest on Science Friday today to talk about his study of bilingual infants, and what implications the research may have for language learners of all ages. Tune in at 3 PM!, Theatre is an ancient art form predicated on a live, shared experience. We’re asking, “How do we prepare a new generation for the theatre of tomorrow?”, Conversations are about more than listening. Northeastern researcher David Lewkowicz says that adults lip-read every day, probably without even knowing it., Student enjoy the 14th annual Mardi Gras Celebration, which featured special food, a photo booth, a caricature artists, the Hot Tamales Brass Band and a host of fun contests., He’s been called a “modern-day Thomas Edison.” He holds more than 1,000 patents and has launched more than two dozen companies. Join President Aoun on February 25th for a wide-ranging discussion with Robert Langer about invention, entrepreneurship, and breakthroughs in bioengineering., From Prague to Panama, five Northeastern students share why they loved their international co-op experiences., Like most top programs, our men's basketball team has talented players, great coaches, and spirited fans, but this team also has a secret weapon: Max Plansky., By the end of the 21st century, climate change will will have significant impacts on marine biodiversity, Northeastern researchers report in a new paper., The men’s basketball team will look to improve its position in the CAA standing with a contest against the first-place Tribe at 7 PM in Matthews Arena., Northeastern alum Brian Cullinan is the first in the world to know who won the Oscars – and he’ll be carrying the briefcase with the evening’s winning envelopes this Sunday., Journalism student Olivia Hesslein's work behind the scenes for two national news networks while on co-op, MSNBC and NBC Nightly News, has defined her career path., Northeastern students braved ice, snow banks, and slush puddles to help Boston shovel out following record snowfall in recent weeks., In 2013-2014, 217 patent applications were filed by Northeastern University faculty and students., We started #TrueNortheastern to gather personal stories about what it means to study, teach, and work at Northeastern. This week, we want you to describe Northeastern in three words., New Orleans comes to Levine Marketplace tonight for the 14th annual Mardi Gras celebration beginning at 8 PM. Enjoy a Mardi Gras-themed menu along with contests, live music, and more!, In the face of a historic New England winter, Stephen W. Director, provost and senior vice president for academic affairs, has announced options for making up classes canceled due to a series of recent snowstorms., “If we are to help students and families truly distinguish value and reduce costs, institutions must provide students with information not only about whether they can afford to attend a given institution, but also how likely they are to complete their degree on time, secure meaningful postgraduate employment or related experience, or advance to further education.”, All classes running, business offices open on Northeastern’s Mass. campuses on Tuesday 

-------------------------------------

Northeastern’s Massachusetts campuses are fully operational and ready for our students and employees. All day and evening classes will run as scheduled on Tuesday, February 17th and business offices will be open. The MBTA is running with limited service so please plan your commute and departure time accordingly.

Students, faculty and staff – please notify your professors and supervisors of any anticipated late arrival or other circumstances that may interfere with your attendance and responsibilities on Tuesday., Sunday 2/15 events cancelled on Boston campus

---------------
 
The snow fall is expected to intensify tonight with blizzard-like conditions and continue into Sunday. Northeastern is cancelling all events and activities on the Boston campus on Sunday, February 15th, including those scheduled in Matthews Arena and the Fenway Center. Curry Student Center will be closed on Sunday as well.
 
The off-campus Shuttle will continue to run tonight (Saturday) for as long as the weather conditions permit a safe operation. The MBTA is suspending service for Sunday with the last trains running around midnight. Students, please keep this in mind as you make plans to leave campus tonight, and make sure you have alternate means of transportation if you need to get around.
 
Temperatures will be in the single digits, so dress warmly and keep windows closed.
 
SUNDAY HOURS:
 
Curry: Closed
Marino: Open from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.
Cabot and SquashBusters: Closed
Snell Library: Open as usual
Stetson East: Open from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
International Village: Open from 8:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., On February 17th, Olympic medalist Gabby Douglas will be on campus to reveal her motivational path to success, the trails she faces, and how she continues to persevere through them., Members of the Northeastern community braved the cold yesterday to help shovel snow and ice-covered walkways in the Back Bay Fens as part of Northeastern Shovels Boston. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Powerlifters, snow days, advice for freshmen, and #NUShovelsBoston were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Daniel Medwed, an expert in criminal law and a renowned scholar on the topic of wrongful convictions, has been appointed a member of a new Standing Committee on Eyewitness Identification by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court., The victory moves the Huskies into a tie for second place in the CAA standings and improves Northeastern’s record to 17-9 this season., #TBT: Steel framework of Northeastern University's Ell Student Center during early construction in 1946., Meet some of Northeastern’s storm heroes – committed staff who have helped to keep the university running, campus clear, and students fed during Boston’s historic winter., Northeastern University received 49,822 applications for the fall 2014 semester, up from 30,348 for fall 2007., Candy Chang is an artist, designer, and urban planner who makes cities more comfortable for people. A Senior TED Fellow, Chang is passionate about redefining the ways we share information in public space to improve our neighborhoods., Northeastern is organizing an effort for students to help dig out neighbors surrounding campus following record snowfall. #NUShovelsBoston, Curious how many acres of space Northeastern’s snow-removal teams clear out during storms, or how many meals Dining Services dishes out?, “The men and women who maintain our campus are true heroes,” President Joseph E. Aoun said. “They work tirelessly and in difficult conditions to make sure Northeastern is open, safe, and advancing its mission. I salute them.”, The ice carvers cometh. Ana Melen, S’18, left, and Molly Osmulski, DMSB’18, right, work on their Pokemon ice sculpture at the annual ISSI ice carving competition on Krentzman Quad on Saturday. Photo by Maria Amasanti., Calling all Northeastern students: With all of the snow in Boston, our neighbors need help shoveling out. Let's dig them out with #NUShovelsBoston!, The findings have big implications for understanding how infants acquire speech and language and could play a role in treating and diagnosing children with communicative and learning disorders like autism., Chances are, Northeastern alum Jonnie Davis has had a hand in what’s on your TV screen—or laptop, tablet, or phone—right now., Boston and the Northeastern campus were transformed into winter wonderlands by three major snowstorms over the past two weeks. Northeastern photographers captured scenes of the wintry campus., Each year an undergraduate senior makes a speech at Commencement. This year, will it be you? Submit your application by March 13th., All classes resume, business offices open on Wednesday 2/11

-----------------

Thanks to the non-stop work of our snow team, Northeastern’s Massachusetts campuses are fully operational and will be ready for our students and employees tomorrow morning. All day and evening classes will resume on Wednesday, February 11 and business offices will be open. Appreciating the current state of the MBTA system, we are anticipating a very difficult commute for many. Given these circumstances, we are asking faculty and supervisors for their flexibility, as employees and students may be arriving later than usual.
 
Students, faculty and staff – please notify your professors and supervisors of any anticipated late arrival or other circumstances that may interfere with your attendance and responsibilities on Wednesday.
 
Online classes will run as scheduled, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses.

We appreciate that the recent closures due to severe weather have resulted in multiple class cancellations for some courses. It is of paramount importance that our students receive the full benefit of the academic experience, and the university is working on options to address the situation. We will notify all who have been impacted of next steps.

We also want to thank our tireless public safety, dining and facilities teams, and the many others who pulled together to keep the campus and our students safe and supported during these storms.

We will notify the campus community of new developments on email, social media and the university homepage. All updates and information can also be found at www.northeastern.edu/emergency, Last week's submissions revealed a campus community that is global, engaged, active, and committed. This week, we ask you to describe the Northeastern of 2025., The women's hockey team will battle Boston University for third place in the 2015 Beanpot consolation game today at 4:30 PM., Record-breaking snowfall and the suspension of MBTA rail services forced the cancellation of classes on Massachusetts campuses today., In Delhi, Caitlin Morelli got the opportunity to sit down with the Northeastern students behind Grand Slam Baseball - a venture launched with the intention of bringing communities together through sports., Northeastern University's day and evening classes are canceled, and business offices are closed on Tuesday, February 10th.

---------

As a result of the storm’s impact, the MBTA has suspended all services and will remain shut down all day Tuesday. Although Northeastern’s Massachusetts campuses are ready for operation thanks to the ongoing work of our snow team, the lack of public transportation options and the ongoing parking ban in the City of Boston will make it extremely difficult to get around on Tuesday. The Mayor of Boston is urging employers to allow their staffs to stay home in the interest of public safety.

As a result of these factors, all day and evening classes on all Massachusetts campuses will be cancelled on Tuesday, February 10th.  All business offices will be closed on Tuesday as well.

Online classes will run as scheduled, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses.

We appreciate that the recent closures due to severe weather have resulted in multiple class cancellations for some courses. It is of paramount importance that our students receive the full benefit of the academic experience, and the university is working on options to address the situation. We will notify all who have been impacted of next steps.

TUESDAY HOURS:

Marino will be open from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. SquashBusters and Cabot will be closed.

Curry Student Center will be open from 10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Stetson East will be open from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.

International Village will be open from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.

(menu offerings and stations will be modified as needed. Please check nudining.com, @nudining for updates throughout the day)

Snell Library: please check @ClubSnell for hours.

We will notify the campus community of new developments on email, social media and the university homepage. All updates and information can also be found at www.northeastern.edu/emergency, Nominations are now being accepted for the Huntington 100, a prestigious award that recognizes Northeastern students who have excelled in their respective areas., "A difference in global temperatures of 6 degrees Celsius (the same magnitude as what some models project for 2100) is the different between today and the last ice age.", As the region grapples with its third major snowstorm in two weeks, Northeastern canceled classes and closed business offices in Boston today., The men's hockey team's quest for the Beanpot title will have to wait two more weeks as the championship game against Boston University is postponed due to the snowstorm, to February 23rd., Northeastern University's day and evening classes on MA campuses are canceled on Monday, February 9th.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

A steady snowfall overnight is expected to continue throughout the day on Monday with a snow accumulation of a foot or more in the Greater Boston area. All day and evening classes on all Massachusetts campuses will be canceled and business offices will be closed on Monday, February 9. Online classes will continue as scheduled, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses.

Class cancellations of past weeks due to severe weather conditions have resulted in multiple missed classes for some courses. Please note that we are evaluating the academic impact of these cancellations and working on options to remedy the situation. We will notify all who have been impacted of next steps.

There is a parking ban in effect in Boston and the MBTA will be running with limited service on Monday.

MONDAY HOURS:

Marino will be open from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. SquashBusters and Cabot will be closed.

Curry Student Center will be open from 10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.

Stetson East will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.

Stetson West will be open from 2:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.

International Village will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.

Rebecca’s will be open from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.

Popeye’s will be open from 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

On The Go will be open from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

Snell Library will be open as usual.

The Beanpot final against BU scheduled for Monday, February 9th at the TD Garden is rescheduled for February 23rd.

We will notify the campus community of new developments on email, social media and the university homepage. All updates and information can also be found at www.northeastern.edu/emergency, Every year, New England weather seems to produce a perfect storm for potholes – the scourge of urban transportation. A team of Northeastern faculty and students aims to make potholes extinct., The Huskies will put their five-game home league win streak on the line as they host the Blue Hens tomorrow at noon. The game will be televised live on Comcast SportsNet., How has Northeastern made Matt Bilotti more global? Here's his answer to the TrueNortheastern question of the week., Beanpot, bringing co-op to the classroom, the men’s basketball team’s winning streak and faculty research were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., More than 2,600 job seekers handed out resumes, honed their networking skills, and exchanged business cards with 220 employers at the biannual career fair., Coastal erosion, rising sea levels, fishery issues, and invasive species are some of the major issues facing urban coastal sustainability this year. But these aren’t new problems., A student walks across Northeastern's campus during the recent snow storm. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., #TBT: The men’s hockey team celebrates after winning the Beanpot in 1985., This Friday, from 6 to 8 PM, Northeastern is hosting an info session designed to help eligible veterans and active duty service members find employment., Northeastern University photographers were on location to document the people, places, and happenings on campus at the start of the new year., Whether you’re a freshman just starting to figure out your career path or a senior getting ready to graduate, we encourage you to attend today’s Spring Career Fair for an opportunity to meet face-to-face with over 200 employers. The fair will take place in Cabot Cage, from noon to 4 PM., Do you have the coolest co-op? Submit a two-minute video that shows why your co-op is or was the best ever for a chance to win $1,000., Northeastern researchers have found that spoken language and motor systems are intricately linked – though not in the way that has been widely believed., Creating a game often takes months or even years. But at Global Game Jam, game development enthusiasts have just 48 hours to conceptualize and design a game., The Huskies, who advanced to their third straight Beanpot final, will now face Boston University in the championship game on Monday, February 9th at 7:30 PM., Each year an undergraduate senior makes a speech at Commencement. This year, will it be you? Submit your application by March 13th., Come celebrate the rich diversity found on campus at the 20th annual ISSI Carnevale, kicking off today at 4 PM in the Curry Student Center Ballroom., It’s Beanpot TUESDAY! The women’s hockey team will face off against Boston College at 5 PM at Harvard, while the men will take on BC at TD Garden at 8 PM., We asked and you responded. See what students, faculty and staff said makes Northeastern special. And don’t forget to stop by the #TrueNortheastern video booth today in International Village., Here’s a rundown of some exciting events taking place at Northeastern this month that you won’t want to miss., All classes resume, business offices open on Tuesday, February 3rd.
----------
As the storm is expected to taper off this evening -- and thanks to the tireless efforts of our public safety, dining and facilities teams -- Northeastern’s Massachusetts campuses will resume all academic and business operations  tomorrow, Tuesday, February 3rd. All day and evening classes will resume as normal and business offices will be open according to normal schedules. 

We encourage our community to take public transportation as the morning commute may be difficult due to the impact of this storm.

The rescheduled Men’s Beanpot semi-final against Boston College will take place on Tuesday evening at 8:00 p.m. at the TD Garden.

Thank you for your patience and ongoing support during this storm., Inside looking out. Students walk past Shillman Hall on Thursday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Murray Gibson, founding dean of the College of Science, discusses some of last year's most fascinating science advances and what he'll be watching closely in 2015., Riding a four-game unbeaten streak, the men's ice hockey team squares off with Boston College in the opening round of the 63rd Beanpot tomorrow night., As another major snowstorm moves across New England, Northeastern canceled all day and evening classes on Massachusetts campuses today., All day, evening classes on MA campuses canceled, business offices closed today 2/2
----------
Approximately one foot of snow is expected today in the Greater Boston area. All day and evening classes on all MA campuses are canceled and business offices are closed today, Monday, February 2. We are monitoring the weather and will notify the campus community of any developments.
 
Marino will be open from 5:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. SquashBusters and Cabot are closed.
 
Curry Student Center will be open from 10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.
 
Stetson East and International Village will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
 
On the Go at Curry will open at 7:00 a.m. - closing time is TBD. @NUDining will communicate via our normal social media sources on any changes in the hours.
 
The Beanpot games scheduled for today at the TD Garden are rescheduled for Tuesday, February 3.
 
Please remember to close windows as the temperatures are expected to be below freezing over the next day or two.
 
All updates and information can also be found at www.northeastern.edu/emergency, The National Weather Service is predicting several inches of snow for the greater Boston area starting early Monday morning. The university is closely monitoring the progression and intensity of this storm. Decisions related to academic and business hours on MA campuses will be made early Monday morning when we have more information.

Please stay tuned – at 5:30 a.m. on Monday morning we will notify the campus community of the decision via email, social media (@northeastern, Facebook) and the university homepage. All updates and information can also be found at www.northeastern.edu/emergency

Please remember to close windows as the temperatures are expected to be below freezing over the next day or two., Administrators at Northeastern’s Boston and Seattle campuses have placed a friendly food-themed wager on Sunday’s matchup between the Patriots and Seahawks. See who will come out on top at the Super Bowl viewing party in afterHOURS!, TrueNortheastern, scenes from Juno, and Global Game Jam were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Is your co-op the coolest? Submit a two-minute video that shows why your co-op is/was the best ever and you can win $1,000!, The university community came together yesterday morning for the annual Northeastern Holocaust Commemoration, which featured powerful stories and moving musical performances., Northeastern researchers are looking to the properties of animal scales to help them develop the next generation of armor systems., Northeastern has made 442 new tenured/tenure-track faculty hires since 2006, including 55 for 2014-2015., A trio of Northeastern faculty believe it’s possible to assemble the mosaic of a person’s gaming choices into an accurate picture of their real-world personality., #TBT: Students return to their snow-covered cars after a snow storm in 1986., "Signs: Journal of Women in Culture and Society” publishes path-breaking articles, review essays, comparative perspectives, and retrospectives on gender, race, culture, class, nation, and sexuality., “There were many notable things about social movements in 2014; one was the range of issues that activists were able to bring to public attention, from issues of fair wages to the environment, immigration, and transgender rights to police profiling.”, Thanks to the tireless efforts of our public safety, dining and facilities crews, who worked around the clock to clear the campus of snow and support our students, Northeastern’s Massachusetts campuses will resume all academic and business operations on Thursday, January 29th. All day and evening classes will resume as normal and business offices will be open according to normal schedules.

 Thank you for your patience and ongoing support during this storm., “I’m excited to become part of the innovation, growth, and forward motion happening at Northeastern that is shaping not only the university but also the future of higher education, where the landscape is both complex and rapidly evolving.”, As Juno battered campus with heavy snow, the Northeastern community took to social media to share photos and express an appreciation for campus services., Cox, the first openly transgender person nominated for an Emmy in acting and a breakout star on “Orange is the New Black,” spoke at Northeastern about the adversity the transgender community faces., Facilities crews, public safety officials, dining services, and others are working around the clock to keep campus safe and running., Due to the ongoing intensity of the blizzard and the resulting conditions, the university is canceling all day and evening classes on Wednesday on our Massachusetts campuses. All business offices will also remain closed. Online classes will continue as scheduled today and Wednesday, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses.
 
The Governor’s state of emergency order remains in effect and so does the parking ban issued by the Mayor of Boston. Although the travel ban will lift at midnight, public transportation is expected to operate with limited service on Wednesday. Many of the roads and sidewalks across Massachusetts will require a significant amount of clearing overnight and during Wednesday. Northeastern crews will be working around the clock to keep the campus clear and safe.
 
FOOD: International Village and Stetson East will remain open until 8:00 p.m. tonight and will be open on Wednesday from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Rebecca's will be open on Wednesday from 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
 
RECREATION: Marino will remain open until 10:00 p.m. tonight and will be open on Wednesday from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. SquashBusters and Cabot will remain closed on Wednesday.
 
LIBRARY: Open and operational as usual.
 
CURRY: The Student Center will be open from 10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. on Wednesday, except the food court.
 
SHUTTLE: will be up and running again from Wednesday evening at 7:00 p.m. to Thursday morning at 6:00 a.m.
We are closely monitoring the weather and will notify the campus community via email, social media and the university homepage as the storm progresses.

Faculty and Staff: Please be reminded that our Employee Assistance Program, LifeScope, is available 24/7 at 877.739.3989. Whether seeking emergency resources, temporary housing, or emotional support, LifeScope counselors can assist benefits eligible faculty and staff and their dependents in impacted and threatened areas., In a recent keynote address, Israel Prize winner Anita Shapira explored the life and political career of Israel’s “founding father,” David Ben-Gurion., As Northeastern’s campus weathers a ‘historic’ storm, here’s a rundown of what’s open/closed on campus today and the hours of operation., Journalist Steven Brill offered a two-step solution to the country’s healthcare crisis during his lecture last week., Northeastern student Zachary Fox, E’15, captured this photo of Ell Hall and Krentzman Quad in the early morning of January 27, 2015. The image shows a peaceful campus as the first bands of a potentially historic nor’easter brought snowfall across Boston and the region., Northeastern has launched a new venture mentoring network that will build upon the university’s flourishing entrepreneurial spirit and initiatives., Our community is comprised of thousands of people, with even more stories to share. With #TrueNortheastern, we invite you to share what makes your experiences uniquely Northeastern., A new exhibit in Gallery 360 presents a chilling view of the industrialized landscape of the Mississippi River corridor stretching from New Orleans to Baton Rouge, known as “Cancer Alley” due to the unusually high reports of cancer and other diseases in the areas., Monday and throughout Tuesday, the New England region will be hit with a major snow storm that includes blizzard-like conditions, hurricane-force winds and whiteout conditions. Snowfall is expected to start later this afternoon (Monday) in the Greater Boston area and intensify overnight with an expected accumulation of 2-4 inches per hour and continuing throughout Tuesday. The Governor of Massachusetts has declared a state of emergency.

Here’s what members of the Northeastern community need to know to prepare and stay safe:

Classes:

MONDAY: All classes that are scheduled to start after 5:00 p.m. are CANCELLED.
TUESDAY: All day and evening classes are CANCELLED and business offices will be closed.

Online classes, Charlotte Campus, and Seattle Campus:

Online classes will continue as scheduled Monday and Tuesday, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses. We are closely monitoring the weather and will notify the campus community via email, social media and the university homepage as the storm progresses.

Transportation & Parking:

Faculty and staff concerned about their evening commute tonight should talk to their supervisors and arrange early departures as needed.
The shuttle service will cease operations starting at midnight and will not be running Tuesday.
Those parking on surface lots should move their cars into the Columbus Garage as soon as possible. If you don’t have a night decal but wish to leave your car in the garage tonight, you may do so.

Food:

MONDAY: International Village and Stetson East are open until 10:00 p.m.
TUESDAY: INV and Stetson East will be open from 7:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m.
Off-campus residents with meal cards: with the shuttle service not running later Monday night and Tuesday, please use other modes of transportation to get to the dining halls.

Recreation:

MONDAY: Marino will stay open until 10:00 p.m. SquashBusters and Cabot will close at 9:15 p.m.
TUESDAY: Marino will open at 8:00 a.m. SquashBusters and Cabot will be closed.

Library:

OPEN and operational Monday and Tuesday as usual.

Events:

MONDAY'S event featuring Laverne Cox in Blackman is STILL ON AS PLANNED.
Curry Student Center:

Curry will be closed on Tuesday.
Off-campus students:

Off-campus students, we encourage you to prepare as necessary with food, fully charged cell phones, working flashlights, etc.

IMPORTANT: The road conditions, including streets and sidewalks, are expected to be treacherous Monday night and Tuesday. The MBTA will be closed on Tuesday and drivers are asked to stay off the roads. Our Facilities staff will be working around the clock the keep the campus safe, but please plan on staying indoors to keep warm and safe.

Faculty and Staff: Please be reminded that our Employee Assistance Program, LifeScope, is available 24/7 at 877.739.3989. Whether seeking emergency resources, temporary housing, or emotional support, LifeScope counselors can assist benefits eligible faculty and staff and their dependents in impacted and threatened areas., We're monitoring the progression of the storm and making preparations. We'll share status and plans regarding classes this evening and tomorrow, as well information on dining, recreation, library, etc, soon. Stay tuned! All info will be available on northeastern.edu/emergency as well., #TrueNortheastern is an opportunity to share with each other—and with the world—the remarkable story of our distinctive and global university through the voices and experiences of those who know it best—our students, faculty, and staff. Share your story., Real-time updates on the impending snowstorm, including school closing announcements, will be posted on Twitter, the university’s homepage, and the emergency information page., Huntington 100 nominations, the volunteer fair, a basketball shoot-around, and stylish co-ops were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., The center will develop and test innovative strategies to promote, increase, and sustain physical activity among middle-aged and older adults., Here are some interesting factoids about Northeastern’s newest residence hall, East Village, which opened earlier this month., Eight budding muckrakers will produce investigative reports uncovering social problems impacting Massachusetts to air on Fox25 starting in February., It’s #WhiteoutWeekend on Huntington Avenue. The men’s basketball and men’s ice hockey teams are back at Matthews for three games this weekend and they need your support, so be sure to come out to the games and cheer on the Huskies!, Using Bookworm, a simple and powerful way to visualize trends in digitized texts, Assistant Professor Ben Schmidt analyzed President Obama’s State of the Union address, word-by-word., Fitness trackers accounted for more than half of the 35 million wearable devices in use at the end of 2014. What does this mean for fitness tech in 2015?, #TBT: Governor Michael S. Dukakis speaking at the June 1984 commencement ceremony. During the ceremony, Dukakis received a honorary Doctor of Public Service. In June 1991, he joined the Northeastern faculty as a Distinguished Professor of Political Science., Last year, 63 varsity athletes were named “Top Dogs,” with GPAs of 3.8 or higher., Back to school shopping. Students pick out supplies at the Curry Student Center bookstore on the first day of spring semester. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Boosting your bottom line might be as simple as doling out a well-timed “thank you” to highly satisfied customers., A true Northeastern experience encompasses a myriad opportunities spanning the globe. The Fung Scholarships will support full-time undergraduates as they take advantage of these opportunities., Kulkarni, DMSB’18, accrued a wealth of entrepreneurial knowledge at a young age. Now he shares it with other entrepreneurs through his company C&M Group., Prepare for liftoff! Zhonghan Pei, DMSB’19, ollies off the steps at Snell Quad last week. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., The Obama administration’s agenda, the next presidential campaign, and political behavior on social media are among the topics that Nick Beauchamp will be closely following this year., Professor Alessandro Vespignani, a world-renowned network scientists, and his team are utilizing large amounts of data to model the spread of the flu virus and predict when the outbreak will begin to taper off., Yesterday, around 200 Northeastern students came together with community members for the annual MLK Day of Service and Leadership, a national day of service designated to celebrate the civil rights leader’s life and legacy., Earlier this week, NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins applauded Northeastern professor Kim Lewis and Slava Epstein for their groundbreaking antibiotic discovery., Student tickets for the 2015 Beanpot will be on sale tomorrow from 11 AM to 1 PM in the Matthews Arena main lobby!, This week marked the start of spring classes, and the Northeastern community took to Twitter to express their excitement for a new semester., “Sitting here now, about to take off on my own for the next 6 months on a co-op to traverse the globe, I’m feeling two parts ecstatic, one part sick to my stomach, and one part grateful.”, The Northeastern community celebrated the life and legacy of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. yesterday afternoon, convening for the annual “Tribute to the Dream.”, There has been a 136% increase in alumni chapters since 2006, from 14 to 33, with 25 domestic chapters and 8 international. Have you joined your local alumni chapter?, One area of cybersecurity that will become extremely important in 2015 and beyond? The security of the Internet of Things., #TBT: Author and civil rights leader Coretta Scott King delivers the commencement speech in June 1971. She also received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree., Today, Global Officer Matt Bilotti leaves Logan Airport for Heathrow Airport in London, England. Here, he shares what he’s looking forward to, anxious for, and the priceless advice he’s received., The Northeastern community will commemorate the life and impact of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. today at noon in the Curry Student Center Ballroom. Can’t make it to the event? Tune in to the live stream!, In front of an electric crowd, the men’s basketball team secured a big win against conference foe Hofstra in a game that featured 13 ties and 15 lead changes last night., The academy’s annual award, named Bernard M. Gordon Prize for Engineering Education, recognizes innovation in education that develops strong engineering leaders., Two of the top teams in the CAA will collide tonight when the men’s basketball team hosts Hofstra at Matthews Arena tonight at 7 PM. All fans in attendance are encouraged to wear red for the game!, How does Dr. King’s message shape and influence the civil rights efforts of many communities today? Join us tomorrow for ‘A Tribute to the Dream’ to hear from acclaimed documentary filmmaker Yoruba Richen., “Having anchor institutions like Northeastern University commit to partnering with local businesses and entrepreneurs will help accelerate our economy,” said Boston City Councilor Tito Jackson. “Not only will the partnerships revitalize local business, but they will positively impact surrounding neighborhoods by creating jobs.”, Today, Caitlin Morelli will leave for Mumbai, India – the site of her first stop on her six-month journey as President Aoun’s Global Officer. Here, she tells us more about how she’s prepared for this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity., Northeastern offer 22 different Living Learning Communities—themed on-campus residences—to freshmen. Themes range from science and sustainability to globalization and creative expression. Which LLC did or do you live in?, Please join President Aoun on Thursday for our annual celebration of the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., “A Tribute to the Dream." We will also be joined by acclaimed documentary filmmaker Yoruba Richen, who will discuss how Dr. King’s message still shapes and influences the civil rights efforts of many communities today., Students walk across campus during last week's snow storm. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., The global economy expanded by some 2.7 percent in 2014. So what can we expect this year?, The 2015 Winter Involvement Fair will be held in the Curry Student Center from 5-7 PM today. Stop by the event to connect with student groups looking to recruit new members!, Green Line Records, Northeastern’s student-run record label, presides over the musical enterprise of 10 college acts, helping them record albums, sell merchandise and book shows. Here’s the story behind five of those bands., An aspiring journalist tackles a controversial Spanish tradition and learns to push the limits of her objectivity. Only at Northeastern., Northeastern will host the 2015 Boston Global Game Jam later this month. The three-day event will give teams of game development enthusiasts the chance to make short, but memorable games based on a common theme., Did you meet your best friend at Northeastern? We’re looking for fun, quirky photos of you and your BFF for a Northeastern Magazine feature. Send your high-res images, with caption about how you met, to Joa.lynch@neu.edu!, On a Friday afternoon, Northeastern students convened in the Sacred Space to stick out their tongues, talk in gibberish, and laugh., Michael Dukakis lends his expertise as Massachusetts’ longest-serving governor, a position he held for 12 years, to discuss Charlie Baker’s forthcoming governorship., One of the must-see events at Northeastern this month is “A Tribute to the Dream” on January 15th, when the university community will honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Experts in UHCS at Northeastern say that it’s important to remember that some stress is good and stressful events don’t last forever. With that in mind, here are a few tips from UHCS to reduce stress in 2015., A novel compound made possible by Northeastern researchers' pioneering work is making headlines around the world and receiving applause from the science community., Social media erupted following the announcement of Northeastern Professor Kim Lewis’ discovery of teixobactin, the first antibiotic to be developed in nearly 30 years., The CEO’s of Northeastern’s graduate campuses in Seattle and Charlotte have made a tasty wager ahead of tomorrow’s NFL playoff game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Carolina Panthers., Here are just some of the faculty focused on use-inspired research that solves global challenges, particularly in health, security and sustainability., #TBT: Engineering students work in a physics laboratory in 1921., Want to quit smoking in 2015? Here are some strategies to help smokers quit and a rundown of smoking cessation resources available to students, faculty, and staff., College of Science graduate student Andrew Spaulding works on organic synthesis research in the Mugar Life Science Building. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., The doors of East Village officially opened yesterday to students who can now call themselves the first inhabitants of Northeastern’s newest residence hall., A powerful new antibiotic developed by Northeastern researchers, Teixobactin, eliminates pathogens without encountering any detectable resistance., Frozen tundra. Students yesterday had to withstand the cold, and some snow, as they made their way through Centennial Common. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Want to build a fitter physique in 2015? The follow these tips from fitness guru Greg Cloutier, the project manager in the Human Performance and Exercise Science Laboratory., In a show that’s built on formula—the glib narration of high-energy highlights and interviews with sports newsmakers—Scott broke the formula., In selecting Northeastern, the Carnegie Foundation noted that the university has shown “excellent alignment among campus mission, culture, leadership, resources, and practices that support dynamic and noteworthy community engagement.”, Supply closets on wheels. Resident director Christina Alch, left, and graduate assistant Allison Shapiro-Davis share a laugh while moving supplies to their new office in East Village on Friday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., The jury selection process in the trial of alleged Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev will differ from other federal cases in two fundamental ways., There has been a 133% increase since 2006 in countries where Northeastern offered experiential learning opportunities., Eat leftovers for lunch, switch to a microchip credit card, and figure out just how much money you spend, says personal finance planning expert Coleen Pantalone., INSHORE is a global web of marine scientists that collaborate to advance research and understanding of how marine organisms respond to climate change., Resident assistant Alex Velto, SSH’18, packs up on Friday for his move from Willis Hall to Melvin Hall. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., After an impressive win over the weekend, the men’s basketball team returns to Matthews tonight to play its first home game of 2015 against Colonial Athletic Association foe UNCW at 7 PM., Meet two Northeastern alumni who are on the fast track in their careers in motion graphics and DNA researching thanks in part to experiential learning., As part of a weeklong series, news@Northeastern will have tips to help you keep some of the most common New Year’s resolutions. Today, learn how to live healthier in the new year., Good luck to all students starting new co-ops today! Where will you be working for the next six months? #iheartcoop, An empty Centennial Common awaits the return of students during break at Northeastern. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University, Happy Holidays, Huskies! news@Northeastern will be back in 2015 with tips to keep you on track with your resolutions, a look ahead at what’s to come in 2015, an update on East Village and more. Have a wonderful and safe winter break!, Northeastern student-athletes and coaches will be in action over the semester break, providing fans with numerous opportunities to cheer on the red and black., This year, news@Northeastern brought you many exciting stories about students’ co-op experiences and their global achievements. Here’s a look back at what made students say #iheartcoop., While campus life at Northeastern quiets down over the remainder of the winter intersession, some university services will remain open during that time for those still on campus., Jonathan Doughty, a lab technician in the Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering, helps Chengcheng Zhou, E’16, research in the Machine Lab. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., The task presented to Northeastern’s student chapter of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics is one that NASA engineers have been working to resolve for quite some time: how to return a payload to Earth using an autonomous robot and rocket., This year, news@Northeastern brought you some of the most exciting stories about our people, who broke new ground in research, explored the world on co-op, and innovated across disciplines. Here are some of our – and your – favorites from 2014., Still on campus? Come by Cabot Center at 2 PM to watch the women’s basketball team square off against the University of New Hampshire Wildcats., The competition was tough, but after much deliberation, Nicole DiMaio's design was chosen for the College of Science's holiday card., Tree trimmings, admitted students, athletics' infographics, and the end of the co-op cycle were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., By doing research as undergraduates, students like Nick Gedeon are blazing paths to top graduate schools., "With only two years remaining in his presidency this is the right time for Obama to contemplate and execute bold policy moves that will leave a lasting imprint on his legacy.", #TBT: A woman pets a baby elephant during the 1967 Mayor of Huntington Avenue competition., Northeastern had the fifth-most 2014 Winter Olympic participants of any NCAA institution., The ten students enrolled in "Enabling Engineering" spent the semester building prototypes for low-cost devices that improve the lives of the elderly and individuals with physical or cognitive disabilities., On this day last year, Winter Storm Falco dropped over six inches of snow on campus. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Aniket Thoolkar, E'16, plays pool in the Curry Student Center game room on Wednesday. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Northeastern adopted the nickname "Huskies" in 1927, and the first Husky appeared on campus on March 4 of that year., Through interactive healthcare training sessions, Northeastern's state-of-the-art Arnold S. Goldstein Simulation Laboratories Suite gives nursing students an opportunity to learn from their mistakes with no human consequences., What a year it's been! Here's a selection of the best images by Northeastern University photographers, who captured the people, places, and happenings on campus that made 2014 so special., The men's basketball team will kick off a three-game California swing tonight with a matchup against Cal Poly at the 48th Cable Car Classic in Santa Clara at 10 PM., Earlier this week, we shared Northeastern Magazine's featured story, "The Hidden Impact of Trauma." Now, check out the rest of the stories from the winter edition of the magazine., A member of the National Academy of Engineering, Aubry is a globally recognized leader in the field of mechanical engineering, particularly fluid mechanics., The men's hockey team scored five power play goals to skate to an 8-3 victory last night against UMass Amherst., Final touches. Sam Shpall, AMD'19, works on his final project in the Ruggles Architecture Studio earlier this month. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., This year's College of Engineering holiday card image was developed using an assembly technique called 'Water/Solvent Interface Assembly.', Northeastern students have completed a reported 1,214,642 community service hours since 2006., Conference championships, individual honors, and Olympic glory highlight a memorable year for Northeastern Athletics., The council will serve as an inclusive venue to discuss and address issues of social impact related to the university's activities and engagement., Discussions on "space and place" have evolved in recent years to inform a wider breadth of interdisciplinary research, going far beyond the basic question of who lives where., Three Northeastern psychology professors are exploring how traumatic experiences can rearrange the way our brains work., Roby's goal is to carry a message that how people imagine and value manhood and masculinity significantly impacts their ability to end and prevent violence against women., Shadows of Snell. Students' silhouettes are illuminated as they walk past Snell Library. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Peter Sonnenthal, L'83, has been locked in a protracted legal battle in the German courts for more than 20 years, hoping to recover property that belonged to his Jewish ancestors but that he says was stripped away during the Nazi regime., The Huskies will host the Spartans in men's and women's basketball, as well as men's hockey on December 18-19, 2015, before returning the games in East Lansing, Michigan, the following season., Snack time in the gallery! Kids enjoy cookies and milk at the opening reception of the Russell J. Call Children's Center art show at Gallery 360 yesterday afternoon. The exhibit features artwork by children of Northeastern faculty and staff. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., For the first time in history, Northeastern accepted early decision applications for the incoming class of 2015. This week, new and current members of Husky Nation took to Twitter to express their excitement for the admission decisions., Natalie Warther, AMD'19, works on a yarn installation for her final project in her 3-D Foundation class. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., New research collected by scientists from the U.S., France, Chile, Australia and New Zealand has found that more than five trillion pieces of plastic are floating in the world's oceans. The minds behind Bureo Skateboards want to do something about it., Through this grant, Michael Pollastri's and his colleagues will be able to more rapidly develop and test compounds previously identified as good options for treating sleeping sickness., #TBT: Two students exit "Dodge Library" which is decorated for the 1986 holiday season with two wreaths., How can people leverage their social networks to identify valuable and previously unnoticed connections and resources?, Victoria Suha, E'17, combined her interests in engineering and psychoacoustics and founded Northeastern's student chapter of the Acoustical Society of America., Round and around we go. Students make their way down the spiral staircase in Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Co-ops in Snell Library created a "positive thought" board for students studying for finals at the library this week. What keeps you motivated during finals?, One year since embarking on a mission to eliminate ocean plastic pollution, Bureo Skateboards has sold 2,000 boards, partnered with Patagonia, and established key relationships with Chile's fishing community., While students' primary focus this week is on finals, don't forget to check out the coolest co-op video contest and share why your co-op experience was wicked cool. Submissions are due January 12th., Alessandra Renzi, Assistant Professor in Emergent Media for the Department of Art + Design and for the program in Media and Screen Studies talks about the role of art in activism., There has been a 407% increase in global co-ops since 2006-2007. Where in the world have you worked?, Jack Frost nipping at your nose. A bundled up student makes her way across campus during a dusting of snow yesterday, when wind-chill temperatures dipped into the teens. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., As a co-op in South Africa, Ray Lau helped design a learning community center, built using shipping containers, for one of the most troubled districts in the country., Students, faculty and staff have organized a number of efforts on campus to collect toys, food, clothing, and other items for people and communities in need this holiday season. Here's what you can do to give back., A modern spin on a traditional form of storytelling has captured the attention of millions of people around the world. But why?, Northeastern University-Seattle convened top officials from technology companies in the Northwest and community leaders including Rev. Jesse Jackson to discuss ways to increase opportunity and income equality for minorities and women in these sectors., Senior Scott Eatherton scored a game-high 22 points to help the Huskies (6-2) beat the Western Michigan Broncos 81-69 on Saturday., "Obviously this is nothing any news organization would want for itself. So the question is how can you contain the damage before it spreads, and how quickly and transparently can you deal with the problem.", Julia Ebert, S'15, is an honors student, National Merit Scholar, Goldwater Scholar, and now, Northeastern's second Marshall Scholar., A student collected candy at the 14th Annual Northeastern Gingerbread House Construction Contest in Stetson West. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., More than 120 people filled Stetson West yesterday for the 14th Annual Northeastern Gingerbread House Construction Contest, which featured nearly one ton of candy., Coolest co-op, new partnerships, and gingerbread houses were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., In this video, President Aoun's first co-ops, Caitlin Morelli and Matt Bilotti, share their stories and their excitement for the opportunity to explore the world on co-op!, This holiday season, the 3-D Printing Studio is getting festive with workshops for students to design and print their own cookie cutters, snowflakes, and other holiday decorations!, What was the selection process like to be chosen as President Aoun's first Global Officers? And what's next? Find out from Caitlin Morelli and Matt Bilotti., Spring fun in the wintertime. Katerina Stephan,'18, plays frisbee on Centennial Common Monday, which was an unseasonably mild day for December. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., In 2013-14, 151 of Northeastern's varsity student-athletes made the Dean’s List with a GPA of at least 3.5., With an expanding focus on global experiential learning, the Department of Theatre has created more than 20 new co-op partnerships this semester., #TBT: Two students stand between the legs of a giant snow sculpture at the 1967 Winter Carnival., "Build not to fail" is a lesson all civil engineers are taught. But unfortunately, failure was the only option at the annual student-run gingerbread house competition and oh was it sweet fun!, The 2015 Coolest Co-op Video Competition is here! Undergraduates can submit two-minute videos about their co-op experiences and why they've been so cool and impactful. The deadline is January 12, 2015., After seven weeks of intense development and preparation, the young entrepreneurs behind 16 startups presented their ventures to the Northeastern community Monday night at the Husky Startup Challenge's Demo Day., Ice Ice Husky. Lars-Erik Miller, of Brilliant Ice Sculpture, uses an electric chainsaw to sculpt a husky out of a block of ice during the annual Winter Wonderland event on Snell Quad Monday afternoon. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Tune into NESN at 7 PM tonight to watch the men's basketball team (5-1) return to action against crosstown foe Harvard., Take a look at the people, places, and events captured through the lenses of Northeastern University photographers last month., On co-op with WORKac in New York City, Kelley Johnson is learning to be more adventurous with her designs., Alexander Kern, executive director of the Center for Spirituality, Dialogue and Service, speaks during the pre-Hanukkah Menorah Lighting ceremony in the Curry Student Center yesterday afternoon. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., "The attention generated by extensive traditional and social media coverage would qualify #GivingTuesday as a successful awareness campaign, but there is evidence that it has fueled a significant jump in giving as well.", The days leading up to finals are among the busiest of the semester at Snell Library, so here are some tips and resources for students on smart study practices and protecting personal property., Pass the gumdrops! Kristy Bell, E'15, and Kenny Chukwuogo, E'15, work on their entries for the Northeastern student chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers' annual gingerbread house competition, which will be held this week. The gingerbread houses' strength is tested on the College of Engineering's earthquake simulator in the basement of the Snell Engineering Center. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Eighty-five percent of 2013 graduates who are employed full time are doing work related to their major., At 4:30 PM, join Sigma Phi Epsilon and Student Affairs for Winter Wonderland on the Snell Quad, a festival complete with food, entertainment, ice carvings and other seasonal treats! Our facilities crew has been hard at work all day getting ready for the celebration., The win marks the third in the last four games for Northeastern, while Saturday's win is also the 500th victory all-time for the Huskies at Matthews Arena and gives NU its first home win against a top-five opponent in the USCHO.com poll since defeating No. 1 Boston College in 2012., The calendar turning to December means a whole new slate of exciting events on campus before the new year, especially holiday-themed festivities!, Northeastern's new suite of interdisciplinary data science programs will include a graduate certificate in data science and master's degrees in business analytics and urban informatics., A husky stands watch at the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., A student pulls suitcases past Shillman Hall at the start of Thanksgiving break. Have a happy and safe holiday, Huskies!, Madeline Heising plans to fill her Thanksgiving dinner plate with heaping portions of green beans, maple roasted carrots, and candied cranberries. But oven-roasted turkey – the iconic symbol of the holiday feast – will be conspicuously absent., Let there be lights. A worker places holiday lights in the tree outside of the Curry Student Center., With a wintry mix of weather on the horizon, here's a look back at our popular gallery of images featuring the beauty of campus in the fall., Students from countries around the globe shared a meal together and learned about the American holiday's history and tradition at the International Student and Scholar Institute's annual Thanksgiving dinner yesterday., Brad Presler, left, designer and founder of Envite Design, presents WinterBox, a window box that helps outdoor plants thrive throughout the winter, at NEXPO during Global Entrepreneurship Week last week. NEXPO, held in Cabot Cage, is Northeastern's semi-annual entrepreneurship expo. This year more than 40 ventures funded by Northeastern students, alumni, and faculty were showcased. Photo by Maria Amasanti., The Shillman Cat statue sports a handmade pilgrim hat. Happy Thanksgiving Huskies!, Northeastern convened a roundtable on higher education last week with local universities and U.S. Department of Education Under Secretary Ted Mitchell, whose campus visit also included a discussion with students and alumni., Please note the hours of operation for dining facilities during Thanksgiving Break, November 25th to November 30th., From Timehop to Runkeeper, students share what apps they can't live without., A mural titled "In Person" created by Sophia Ainslie, a lecturer in the College of Arts, Media and Design, and students was completed last week in the Ryder Hall lobby. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., In 2013-14, 19,442 alumni, students, and parents attended at least one alumni event. Did you make it to any?, We connect. The Empower signage in Cabot Cage shows behind the Northeastern Green line connection., Visit the New England Aquarium and you may see a fish caught by Northeastern student Alfred Kyrollos, who was part of a biannual fish collection expedition in the Bahamas last month., The men's basketball team captured its first in-season tournament title since 2009 and improved to 4-0 for just the fourth time since the NCAA instituted Division I classification in 1973., Some cool acoustic action at the talent showcase at AfterHours., Pick-up football is a popular Thanksgiving tradition for many families. What's yours?, Is the recent carbon emissions deal between the U.S. and China a cause for optimism?, Quick Head's Up, views of London, State of the University, and Global Entrepreneurship Week were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., "I think the series speaks to the real appetite that we have in our community to see and hear from really successful women, to be inspired by them, to learn lessons from them, and have a chance to network.", University photographers explored campus to document the beauty of Northeastern in the fall., At the State of the University yesterday, President Joseph E. Aoun named students Matt Bilotti and Caitlin Morelli as his first-ever co-ops: Global Officers. Photo by Matthews Modoono/Northeastern University., The center, made possible through a five-year, $1.5 million grant from the National Institutes of Health, will promote nursing research in self-management, technologies for home monitoring and coaching, and team-based care that involves family and caregivers., Unlike the prototypical weekend warrior, the purposeful powerlifter eschews physical aesthetics in favor of sheer strength. His philosophy is threefold: lift heavy, train hard, get stronger., "Our students are the most talented in our history," said President Aoun during yesterday's annual State of the University address. "Our world-class faculty are pushing frontiers of their fields and our staff is driving the institution to new levels of excellence.", Congratulations to the two “Global Officers” in President Aoun’s office, Caitlin Morelli  and Matt Bilotti!, Painting on the walls is typically discouraged. But for a group of CAMD students, we're fully encouraging their use of paint to enhance the lobby of Ryder Hall., "Entrepreneurship is not about money," says Claire Chase, who spoke at Northeastern last night. "It's about agency and activism.", Northeastern's new national survey of Generation Z sheds light on key areas where higher education must adapt to meet the needs of its customers – students – both now and in the future., Join President Aoun and the Northeastern community today at noon for our annual State of the University event on Solomon Court at the Cabot Center, or tune in via livestream., At 5 PM, Claire Chase takes the stage to talk about musical entrepreneurship and how musicians turn initial failures into entrepreneurial opportunities. Tune in to the live stream now to watch the pre-event performance with talented Northeastern student-musicians! #NUSpeakers, Come to Solomon Court tomorrow at noon for President Aoun's annual State of the University address, where he will reveal the first student to assume the role of Northeastern Global Officer. Add your voice to the agenda on Twitter with #StateofNU., The first installment of We Aspire, a professional development program for faculty and staff, featured Northeastern parent and New York City-based fashion designer Kathleen McFeeters, whose list of must-have leadership traits includes confidence, communication skills, and the propensity to take risks., From 2006-2014, Northeastern placed students in experiential learning opportunities in 128 different countries., Join President Aoun in the Ballroom at 5PM for an illuminating conversation with flute virtuoso Claire Chase, the featured speaker at the latest installment of Northeastern's Profiles in Innovation Speaker Series. Post questions for Chase below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., A new national survey from Northeastern reveals that members of "Generation Z" - those born in the mid '90s or later – are highly self-directed, demonstrated by a strong desire to work for themselves, study entrepreneurship, and design their own programs of study in college., Northeastern, in conjunction with our partner Marketplace, is releasing the results from our national Generation Z survey today. Tune into the live stream of the event, moderated by Kai Ryssdal and featuring President Aoun, now., Northeastern University, in conjunction with Marketplace, surveyed American teens between the ages of 16 to 19 to create a "Portrait of Generation Z." Answer these 10 questions from the survey to find if you're in sync with Gen Z, and share your results. #MeetGenZ, Students, alumni and friends enjoyed a cooking demonstration, comedy with Kevin Spacey, sporting events and more during Homecoming Week., Here's what you need to know about Global Entrepreneurship Week's exciting events, which will celebrate innovators and entrepreneurs across campus and around the world., Homecoming began with a blast last week with a series of exciting events for undergraduates and ended in style this weekend, as generations of Huskies and the entire Northeastern community came together to share many memorable moments., The editor-in-chief of "Food & Wine" joined three renowned Boston-area chefs—Ming Tsai, Joanne Chang, and Kristen Kish—for an engaging cooking demonstration and discussion of food., Move over Millennials, here comes Generation Z. Join Northeastern and Marketplace at The Newseum in Washington D.C. for a discussion on this demographic, moderated by Kai Ryssdal and featuring Northeastern President Joseph Aoun., "I can't think of a more meaningful and effective way for our students to learn more about business than through an intense co-op experience with a co-op that excites their passion.", The start of basketball season, Veteran's Day, fall colors, and MOHA were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., The men's basketball team has been picked to win the CAA title this year. But head coach Bill Coen and company's focus is squarely on their season opener on Sunday against crosstown rival Boston University., On November 18th, Generation Z speaks. Will you listen? Join Northeastern and Marketplace at The Newseum in Washington D.C. for a discussion on Generation Z, moderated by Kai Ryssdal and featuring Northeastern University President Joseph E. Aoun., In this critical role, Chris Mallett will drive Northeastern's strategic vision in online programs, leading the direction and growth of the university's online and hybrid-learning programs., Researchers have discovered a novel digestive strategy in shipworms - a breakthrough that may also be a game–changer for the industrial production of clean biofuels., Ninety percent of our graduates from 2006 through 2013 were employed full time or enrolled in graduate school within nine months of graduation., Join President Aoun on November 18th for an illuminating conversation with flute virtuoso Claire Chase, whose talk will focus on turning failures into entrepreneurial opportunities. Submit questions for Chase below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., #TBT: Elizabeth Anderson is crowned 1959 Homecoming Queen by President Asa Knowles as her court looks on., More students than ever before are now using the Northeastern University Police Department's off-campus public safety escort service, after the department increased frequency of the after-hours shuttle service earlier this year in response to an increase in demand., "We as a program want to be in the top half of the conference, finish with a winning record, and make a push for a CAA championship," Kelly Cole said of the women's basketball team's expectations. "We still have a lot of learning to do, but what we have done thus far makes anything within our grasp.", Show your Northeastern spirit by wearing red and black today! Tweet your pictures from campus or co-op and include #HomecomingNU., To commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, Northeastern will host a series of exciting events - at the core of which is a multimedia exhibit, the Virtual Wall, that lets visitors experience life along the wall., Celebrate global innovation and Northeastern's entrepreneurial ecosystem during Global Entrepreneurship Week 2014!, "Of all the scientific endeavors humans will undertake in the coming decades, understanding how the brain creates experience is perhaps the most important. Curing cancer, slowing aging, and even mastering quantum mechanics all depend on knowing our own minds and using this insight to unlock our full potential.", The Theatre Department's newest production, opening tonight, will give young artists the opportunity to explore the lives they want to create., Event in Photos: The Northeastern community came together yesterday to observe Veteran's Day during a beautiful ceremony at the Neal Finnegan Plaza., "Today and throughout history, Northeastern serves as a robust and vital connector of the military and civilian parts of our society," said Donald Gourley, E'00, president of the Northeastern ROTC Alumni Society., null, "As we reflect on this Veterans Day on how best to honor our women and men who’ve worn the uniform, one thing we can do is take action to make America’s colleges work better for them." President Aoun in his opinion piece, published today. 
http://t.co/cPqjFhH8Du, What is the one app you can't live without? Anything you'd recommend other people download?, Tomorrow at 2:30 PM, Northeastern will hold its annual Veterans Day ceremony to recognize all alumni and students who served their country with distinction., Northeastern is part of an international research team that has sequenced the first genome of an Antarctic notothenioid fish. The breakthrough will shed light on the animal's unique evolutionary adaptation to freezing waters., From Homecoming to Husky hoops, here are five exciting events coming this month that you've got to put on your calendars., The Huskies claimed their second straight CAA title yesterday with a 2-0 win over Hofstra. With the win, Northeastern punched its ticket to the NCAA tournament., Northeastern's student-run science magazine was launched in 2009 by a small crop of ambitious students. They've since published 21 print issues, each week with a new specific theme. Here, Gwen Schanker talks about writing and editing for the magazine, which just released its new "Food Issue.", In 2013-14, 12,527 students participated in more than 320 campus organizations., At Homecoming 2014, actor Kevin Spacey will come to Northeastern's Matthews Arena on November 14th. Tickets are still available, get yours now!, #NEXPO, #AAHW, #NortheasternGO, and #HomecomingNU were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern University photographers explored campus to document the amazing people, places, and things in October., On November 13th, Dana Cowin will lead a cooking demo that will also feature three nationally-renowned Boston chefs. Tickets for this Xhibition Kitchen event are available via myNEU!, #TBT: The audience listens to President Aoun at the Veterans Memorial dedication ceremony on Veteran's Day in 2006., Join President Aoun on November 18th for an illuminating conversation with flute virtuoso Claire Chase, whose talk will focus on turning failures into entrepreneurial opportunities. Submit questions for Chase below, or on Twitter with #NUspeakers., Distinguished Professor Alessandro Vespignani's team has created EbolaTracking, a Web tool that allows the public to follow in real time all the latest news and Twitter discussion on Ebola., Research by Lisa Feldman Barrett has revealed that emotions are not fixed mental categories, but a highly variable collection of experiences that arise from complex interactions., Test your gingerbread house building skills at Northeastern Dining's 14th annual Gingerbread House Construction Contest. Sign-ups close on November 30th!, Nina Davuluri, Miss America 2014, was on campus on Monday to speak about her Asian American heritage and her work with women in STEM. The event was part of Asian American Heritage Week at Northeastern University – seven days of celebrating Asian American culture, including speaker series, dance workshops, and some amazing student talent. Photo by Maria Amasanti., New research from Justin Ries explains how moderate increases in ocean acidification and temperature can enhance the growth rates of some reef-forming corals., Maura Healey, L'98, won her race to become Massachusetts' next attorney general, while New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan, L'85, H'13, was re-elected to a second term., Design is in many ways a buzzword today—and rightfully so. "(Design) goes into business model innovation and services. (It) has a very large impact on what we do, from the smallest startup companies to the largest multinational companies.", The mean two-part SAT score for incoming freshmen in 2014 was 1413 – up from 1230 in 2006., Front row seat. Twin trees in peak color light up West Village quad in blazing yellow., For the first time in program history, the field hockey team won the Colonial Athletic Association regular-season title after defeating the Tribe of William & Mary, 4-2, yesterday., Impressed by Northeastern's strong industry ties and excellence in experiential education and research, Gordon has been a strong partner in building a successful program that produces skilled engineers with the technical depth, experience, and aptitudes necessary to be leaders., You're cordially invited to our annual Veteran's Day ceremony in recognition of Northeastern alumni and students who served their country with distinction., On a cold and rainy Saturday afternoon at Parsons Field, the men's soccer team secured its spot in the CAA postseason with a 2-1 overtime win against James Madison., College students across the state still have time to prepare for an important midterm tomorrow, but it's not in the classroom. It's in the voting booth., Four professors in the College of Science explained what drives their passion for science and discovery at a campus event Thursday night., Have you heard the news? The Northeastern Huskies are the 2014 Colonial Athletics Association field hockey regular-season champions!, A student paused to take a picture next to the Curry Student Center on a Fall afternoon. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., As part of Asian American Heritage Week, Miss America Nina Davuluri will be on campus tonight at 6:30 PM. Undergraduates can get their tickets for free through myNEU!, For the fifth straight season, the field hockey team has secured a spot in the Colonial Athletic Association's postseason tournament., Today is the final day to apply to be President Aoun's co-op: the Global Officer! Why is now the right time for this hire? What will the Global Officer be doing? What advice would President Aoun give his co-op student? We asked. He answered., Happy Halloween! Check out the scenes as students got into the Halloween spirit., Mayor Menino visited Northeastern many times throughout his 20-year tenure as mayor. We’ve compiled a slideshow of some of his most memorable visits., “What was so important about Ferguson is that we saw the anger of the community so viscerally. So the conversation really is about this notion of community trust.", With a better understanding of naloxone, there is a potential for police to "take on a life-saving role in addition to being there in a law enforcement capacity.", "Today, Boston lost a great leader, higher education lost a great champion, and I lost a mentor. Mayor Menino not only welcomed my family and me to Boston, he taught me firsthand about the power of partnerships and the value of being close to the people you represent. 

"I will miss his wise counsel and the way he related to all people. He will always be the people's mayor and the legacy of his accomplishments will endure forever." - President Joseph E. Aoun, A pair of students walk past the mural on the stairway leading up to the Columbus Avenue Parking Garage on a cold, windy, and wet fall afternoon. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., In their first year since forming, the Northeastern Climbing Team has taken the rock climbing community by storm, finishing second in the 2014 national collegiate championships and helping to grow rock climbing on campus., In 2013-14, 2,859 undergraduates had a global learning experience., Tickets to see Homecoming Headliner Kevin Spacey go on sale tonight at 9 PM. Don't miss out! http://on.fb.me/1rzRFgU, Leafing through a good book. A #Northeastern student reads a book as she walks by the colored leaves on the wall behind Snell Library., Northeastern's Marine Science Center, located in Nahant, hosted an open house on October 4th for students and community members to tour the facility and explore the exciting research through hands-on experiences and other fun activities., "I don't want you to fit in a mold that I created," President Joseph E. Aoun told the Northeastern Student Government Association on Monday night. "I want you to create your own journey.", Stephen Burgard was the Director of Northeastern’s School of Journalism, a talented reporter and editor who was part of a Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial team, and a great mentor to many students at Northeastern., El Mundo Boston and Northeastern University on Friday night co-sponsored an open forum with Massachusetts gubernatorial candidates (from left) Scott Lively, Jeff McCormick, Evan Falchuk, Martha Coakley, and Charlie Baker, in Blackman Auditorium. The candidates answered questions from Latino journalists and members of the community covering a wide range of topics, including immigration and education reform. Photo by Maria Amasanti., The biannual entrepreneurship expo has added some exciting new wrinkles to its already robust programming lineup this fall., The tension mounted on Friday as the final two autonomous "sumo robots" prepared to face off in a competition that was part of a pilot course for first-year engineering students., At yesterday's Pop Up Lab Experience and Reception, faculty and students presented their innovative research projects that leverage Big Data., There are 150 active student and alumni ventures in IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator's 2013-2014 portfolio, up from 125 in 2012-2013., The Huskies 1-0 victory over Drexel yesterday was the team's NCAA-leading 14th shutout of the year. Northeastern will now have home field advantage throughout the CAA tournament, beginning November 7th., Ryan Wright, E'09, is the young entrepreneur behind a novel startup focused on designing solar-powered charging stations for cell phones and tablets, Sol Power., Check out Northeastern's sixth Pop Up Open Lab Experience today from 4-6 p.m. featuring interactive demos on interdisciplinary research involving Big Data., Northeastern celebrated Parent and Family Weekend, as students, their families, and the rest of the university community came together to experience a host of exciting campus events., Co-op stories, Homecoming, Profiles in Innovation, and surprises in Seattle were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Kenneth McNeill, E'17 and Alec Walecki, SSH'16 seek to win at the the USA Cycling Collegiate Mountain Bike National Championships in North Carolina this weekend., The pumpkins have been carved and now the voting begins! Tweet to @NUDining or visit Northeastern Dining's page to vote!, "Having this many good starting points for drug discovery of new drugs for sleeping sickness is a big deal and could ultimately lead to a cure", From Desk to Dawn, a Parent's Weekend fashion show and fundraiser auction, will feature dresses from New York Fashion Week designer Kathleen McFeeters with all proceeds going to Scout, the student-led design studio at Northeastern., The acclaimed film director and screenwriter was on campus Monday to screen part of his documentary series "The Untold History of the United States" and discuss the project with the community., "It's very difficult to imagine that if the Cold War were still on, that something like al-Qaida could've gotten off the ground," said veteran journalist Fred Kaplan., A new study by Northeastern experts has found numerous instances of price steering and discrimination on popular e-commerce retail and travel sites. That's not necessarily a bad thing, they say – so long as the companies are transparent., By developing dynamic legged robots that emulate animal movements, Boston Dynamics founder Marc Raibert, E'73, says machines will be able to reach new heights., Check out the latest Service-Learning newsletter for information about upcoming events, opportunities to get involved, and more!, Northeastern's men's basketball team was picked to win the CAA's league championship in 2014-15, according to a vote of the league's coaches, media relations directions, and media members., Can't make it to the Ballroom? Tune in now to watch Profiles in Innovation with Marc Raibert, founder of Boston Dynamics, live., Real-world advantage. In 2013-2014, Northeastern students had 9,823 co-op placements with 2,970 co-op employers in the U.S. and around the world., Tiffany Kelley, MS/MBA'08, recognized a need for better tools to help nurses and improve patient care. Here, she shares her inspiration for creating her business and how Northeastern has helped her along the way., President Joseph E. Aoun, an internationally renowned scholar in linguistics, on Monday spoke to students in Professor Janet Randall's Introduction to Linguistics class. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., A new study conducted by Northeastern in collaboration with the Urban Institute examined the comprehensive state of labor trafficking networks in the U.S., The men's and women's rowing programs posted some impressive results at the 50th annual Head of the Charles Regatta this past weekend, including two first-place finishes and seven top-15 results., TODAY AT 4PM: Join President Aoun for an exciting conversation with robotic engineer and Northeastern alumnus Marc Raibert, whose company, Boston Dynamics, develops some of the world's most advanced robots. Submit your questions for Raibert with #NUSpeakers!, Did you catch this photo from our Instagram last week? Shades of summer in October. A Northeastern student sits under the shade of a colorful Centennial Common tree., Northeastern recently hosted a workshop to introduce military historians to digital tools that could help them advance their own work and forge new collaborations with colleagues., Join us tomorrow afternoon for an exciting conversation about captivating and awe-inspiring robots and their potential to change our world. Submit your questions with #NUSpeakers., Toju Ometoruwa, DMSB'16, is the co-founder of a cloud-based service that allows artists and musicians from across the globe to seamlessly collaborate and produce songs together., Northeastern staff and students doled out health and wellness tips on Wednesday at the eight-annual Health Fair and Flu Clinic. Here are five pieces of advice for staying fit and healthy this fall., "A long history of research on agenda setting has shown that issues prioritized in the media agenda will likely become priorities in the public mind. In other words, as news stories about Ebola become more frequent and prominent, audiences are likely to perceive it as a pressing issue.", Marc Reibert creates innovative robots inspired by the grace, swiftness, and natural movements of animals, and will be at Northeastern on October 21st to talk with President Aoun about how he does it. Be part of the discussion by submitting questions below or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers!, Frisbee on Centennial, New Grounds Food, and the announcement of NortheasternGO were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Students – President Aoun is hiring his first co-op! This exciting position blends international exploration with Northeastern's Global Network. Find out more about the position, and apply by November 3rd., #TBT: President Asa S. Knowles, left, and Byron Elliott, center, look on as a young woman partakes in the laying of the cornerstone for Stetson Hall 48 years ago, in October 1966., As higher education shifts to a model that focuses on personalized learning for individual students, Northeastern is uniquely positioned to lead in the area of customization, President Joseph E. Aoun told the Faculty Senate yesterday., "EntrepReNeurs: Opportunities for Innovative Nurses" featured three innovative nurses who have melded their medical training and entrepreneurial spirit to provide healthcare professionals and patients with enhanced healthcare services., Shall we dance? Jenny LaPierre, CIS'18, dances with Austin Fernandez, S'17, of the band Turtle Power during a concert Tuesday afternoon on the Snell Library Quad. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., "Forecasted," open through December 7, is a stunning new Gallery 360 exhibit featuring eight artists whose work focuses on the nature of climate change and global warming., On October 21st, President Aoun sits down with Marc Raibert, founder of Boston Dynamics, to hear how he creates innovative and functional robots inspired by the grace, swiftness, and natural movements of animals. Have a question for Raibert? Post it below or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers!, Once a week, we'll be featuring one of the previous week's most popular Northeastern Instagram photos. Check out our first one!, Take a look at the people, places, and events captured through the lenses of Northeastern University photographers last month., For many students, spring break represents a well-deserved reprieve from schoolwork. For Marta Skomin, spring break served as the springboard for a full-time job in the high-tech sector., Northeastern senior Victoria Oggioni is familiar with working offstage. But tonight, she'll be making an appearance on stage as the title character in Antigone, the theatre department's first production of the academic year. , The late afternoon sun shines through a tree on Northeastern's campus. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., Alexa Colbert, DMSB'15, takes a selfie with a certified therapy dog on Centennial Common during Paws for Stress Relief, an event sponsored by University Health and Counseling Services and the mental awareness group Active Minds. Photo by Nabila Abuljafayel., Matthew Nisbet brings a unique interdisciplinary perspective to his department: the overlap between communications and science and technology., Don't miss tomorrow's annual Health Fair and Flu Clinic, where you can get free flu vaccines, donate blood, and receive information about a range of health and wellness topics., This time of year, pumpkins are traditionally used for Halloween decorations. But on Thursday a group of Northeastern students instead hurled them from atop Gainsborough Garage, all in the name of engineering., Research demo of body-worn explosives detection system, The return of men's hockey, beautiful views, the new artist-in-residence, and N.U.in Husky Day were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week.
, The No. 16 Huskies will drop the puck on the 2014-15 season tomorrow night when they host Vermont at Matthews Arena., To understand why the Northeastern field hockey team has performed so well this season, one must return to the late-summer day in which the players took the annual pre-season fitness test., #TBT: People crowd the field at the first World Series baseball game in 1903 at the old Huntington Avenue Baseball Grounds. Northeastern's Cabot Physical Education Center now occupies this area., The women's soccer team has amassed an NCAA-leading 11 shutouts in just 14 matches this season, outscoring opponents 22-3. We asked goalkeeper Paige Burnett, who has allowed just one goal in the past 850 minutes of play, to explain the secret behind the red and black's number-defying success., Public art with a message. Students walk past "Stop Telling Women to Smile," a wheat paste poster installation by artist-in-residence Tatyana Fazlalizadeh on the side of Nightingale Hall. "Stop Telling Women to Smile" features portraits and quotes that address women's experiences with street harassment. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., The utility industry can still be considered a "man's world" in some cases, according to Marcy Reed, National Grid president for Massachusetts. But she said women can still succeed by working hard, taking advantage of opportunities, and being themselves., The Northeastern community commemorated the Curry Student Center's 50th anniversary on Tuesday night by opening time capsules from 1964 and 1994., Northeastern's new artist-in-residence Tatyana Fazlalizadeh created a powerful public art series called "Stop Telling Women to Smile" featuring portraits of women whom she's interviewed about their experiences with gender-based street harassment., The Beanpot. Hockey East. The NCAA Championship. Winning all threes is this season's goal for men's hockey. Here are the five biggest story lines heading into the new campaign, which begins on Saturday at Matthews Arena against Vermont., Show your Northeastern pride and support the N.U.in community! Take a fun, creative photo of you and your colleagues wearing red and black, then tweet them to @TheNUinProgram using the hashtag #nuin2014 or email them to nuin@neu.edu. The images will be posted on Instagram!, The women's hockey team will begin the 2014-15 season on Friday night at Syracuse. Here are five reasons why the Huskies will reach the NCAA Tournament for the first time in program history., Inspired by her popular vegan cooking blog, senior Madeline Heising has recently published her debut cookbook, "FIVE: 50+ Plant-Based Recipes, Five Ingredients or Less.", Emerging markets are both importing and exporting innovative business models, and these ideas can strengthen economics and benefit society., Tatyana Fazlalizadeh's artist-in-residency at Northeastern kicks off in earnest today with wheat-pasting expeditions, a block party starting at 2 PM on Centennial Common, and a panel discussion at 5:30 PM., I walk the line. Jill Pinsky, E'16, walks across one of the slacklines on Centennial Common. Photo by Matthew Modoono/Northeastern University., "By the end of my co-op, I was an ingrained member of the team and considered a vital part of the management structure, making executive decisions on the work flow.", Northeastern has a number of exciting and engaging events planned this month. Here are five, which range from Huskies hockey and the arts to Big Data research and Profiles in Innovation., "I hope the popularity the Russian president enjoys today would end soon and Russia could develop a different concept of who it is without having to threaten the rest of the world," said former Latvian President Vaira Vike-Freiberga at the inaugural Global Leaders Forum., Northeastern's Marine Science Center in Nahant will host an open house this weekend where the public can tour the facility. Come join us to learn more about the center's exciting research through a range of fun activities!, New assistant professor of game design Sebastian Deterding says games are such complex beasts that you cannot really know how they work and make you feel until you play them., A Global Eduplex, morning skates at Matthews, the new Doghouse T-shirt, and Homecoming were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., At the first career fair of the academic year, more than 2,000 students sought co-ops and full-time jobs opportunities and networked with representative from more than 260 companies., "This was me taking a jump in the deep end of the pool," said Emma McGrath, one of two Northeastern journalism students on co-op with NBC News this spring. "But I would have been crazy not to take this opportunity because it was a chance to try something new and that's what co-op is all about.", The Northeastern Global Network will enable our colleges to deliver more experiential graduate professional programs through online and hybrid learning channels., #TBT: In 1980, men's hockey player Wayne "Beanpot" Turner scored the winning point to give Northeastern its first Beanpot in the 27-year history of the tournament., The Huskies will play 13 out-of-conference games this season, including the Hall of Fame Tip-Off at Mohegan Sun and a three-game West Coast road trip in December., Northeastern experts are hopeful that the Ebola epidemic could improve the focus on diseases in the developing world. "You can't ignore a disease for decades and expect that when Americans come home with it that we will have a treatment within a week," said Mike Pollastri, the head of Northeastern's Lab for Neglected Disease Drug Discovery., Outdoor study hall. Jaclene Forlano, BHS'17, finds a comfortable place outside on campus to study. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Northeastern students and young alumni networked with representatives of more than 40 startups seeking to hire co-op students, interns, and full-time employees at On Fire to Hire., Bolstered by nearly $9 million in government and philanthropic funding, Northeastern University's Lowell Institute School will become the first-in-the-nation school focused on degree completion programs in science, technology, engineering, and math for non-traditional students., A new mural on the exterior of West Village H displays photos taken by students who have participated in Dialogue of Civilizations programs in Cuba, where they used their cameras to explore the island nation's culture., Lights from inside the Behrakis Center illuminate the building's façade on an early fall evening. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., As her once in a lifetime co-op conducting research in Antarctica comes to an end, Eileen Sheehan reflects on what she's learned about marine biology, and herself., Assistant history professor Ben Schmidt's "Anachronism Machine" harnesses the power of Big Data to find time-period gaffes in movie and television scripts., Theatre at Northeastern is undergoing a revitalization, a reimagining, that will establish us as dramatically different., Scenes from Northeastern's bustling campus on an early fall evening. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Research is about to become easier and more convenient, because Snell Library is now sponsoring BrowZine. BrowZine is a great new service that allows you to browse and read many of the library’s scholarly journals, all in a format optimized for your iPad and Android tablet. Simply download the free app, select your institution, and log in using your myNEU credentials., Northeastern's Dining's 14th annual Great Pumpkin Carving Contest is set for October 23rd! Sign up now for a chance to participate and have your work displayed in Xhibition Kitchen., This fall, we welcome Associate Professor Kristian Kloeckl, who recently shared some insights about the interdisciplinary approach he brings to his research and about why the thinking that digital and physical worlds are separate may soon be a thing of the past., Tatyana Fazlalizadeh, Northeastern's new artist-in-residence, plans to turn campus into a temporary hub for artistic activism., The Huskies have now shutout their opponents in nine of 12 games this season, including three straight and six of their last seven., Tiny Planets, New Grounds Food, #HuskiesvsRedSox, and the Core Tour were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Individual game tickets for this season’s men’s and women’s hockey games are now on sale. Get yours today!, “Over the past 10 years, we have seen every demographic move toward greater support for marriage equality, with more and more people standing up for what they truly believe in.”, Relay For Life of Northeastern University fundraising success! The third highest of any collegiate Relay worldwide, Relay for Life of Northeastern made huge strides in raising advocacy and funds for the American Cancer Society. Join the celebration today on Centennial!, What are the geo-political implications of Arab nations coming together to battle a terrorist threat, and what does it mean for the future of the region?, Sarah Giancola, a former captain of the NU women's rowing program, helped lead the United States to a seventh-place finish in the lightweight women's quadruple sculls at the 2014 World Rowing Championships in Amsterdam., #TBT: Cheerleaders in formation the 1983 Homecoming game at Parsons Field., Fred Schmid, ME'67, created an industrial-strength sapphire crystal that can withstand extreme pressures and temperatures, and it has become an essential material for everything from aircraft windows to submarine periscopes to satellite lenses., Preparing for court and appearing before a judge can be a daunting experience, particularly for people who are representing themselves because they can't afford a lawyer or simply don't know all the ropes of the legal process., Renowned architect Carlos Zapata joined CAMD this fall as a Professor of the Practice of Architecture. Here, he talks about the changing tide in architectural design and how he plans to bring new design thinking into the classroom. , Interested in co-oping at a Social Enterprise or learning more about the Social Enterprise field? Hear from fellow students about their experience abroad a various social businesses at the Social Enterprise Co-op Panel, tonight at 7:15 PM in 440 CSC., In March, Northeastern alumnus James Jones traveled to Japan, a place he called home for eight years, to explore the country's recovery efforts following the devastating tsunami in 2011. What he found was far from reassuring., Through a five-year grant, Assistant Professor Ganesh Thakur is developing a new glaucoma treatment that mimics the positive effects of marijuana's active ingredient tetrahydrocannabinoid molecule, or THC, but does not include the negative side effects and toxins that come with smoking pot., The fair gave hundreds of students the opportunity to connect with young global citizens, representing 19 countries, who had recently returned from overseas co-ops., Stephen Director, provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs, test drove the Northeastern Baja SAE car yesterday during a demonstration on the roof of the Columbus Parking Garage. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., How can businesswomen make sure their innovative ideas are being heard in the workplace?, When community programs foster a culture of respect, discipline, and self-control, young men and women feel safer and more equipped to cope with being exposed to violence., The Huskies extended their winning streak to five games yesterday after Emma Lamison scored two goals in the second half to beat the UMass Minutewomen 2-1., The center's mission is to enable engineering student entrepreneurship by providing education on tools, concepts, and resources to foster creativity and the ability to develop commercially viable ideas., Two students have launched a Kickstarter campaign in support of their Coffeebar, an all-natural energy bar infused with a full cup of fair trade coffee., Assistant professor Mai'a K. Davis Cross says last week's independence vote in Scotland could set a historic precedence, and have a significant impact on Europe., Rachel Rimm, left, S/SSH'14, and Mar York, SSH'15, of the student group Good Vibes, hosted a free hug booth on Snell Library Quad on Tuesday. Good Vibes organizes fun and relaxing events around campus. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., True learning requires you to take a risk, push beyond your comfort zone, and adapt to the failures that result. The willingness to take a risk in school, on the job, or in life is critical to growth and learning., Views that never get old, selfies with U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, new basketball uniforms, and #CSCturns50 were among our selections of tweets from the Northeastern community this week., The program, targeted for working professionals in fields such as compliance or health care administration, focuses on equipping non-lawyers with legal skills and knowledge that can be applied to the workplace., From left, NUPD Officer John Farrell, Christina Pasquarello, DMSB'16, and Emma Soucy, S'16, register Soucy's bike with the university's police department during a bike safety and sustainability event on the Snell Library Quad. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., New assistant professor Amy Lu blends passions for narratives, health, and gaming to study how interactive media can be used for health promotion, specifically in combating childhood obesity., #TBT: United States President Barack Obama receiving a basketball jersey from Northeastern President Joseph E. Aoun in 2010. The number on the jersey is 44, reflecting Obama's position as the 44th President of the United States., University leaders and researchers joined representatives from industry and government agencies yesterday to celebrate NanoOPS, a new nanoscale printing system that could transform nanomanufacturing and spur innovation in areas such as electronics, medicine, and energy storage., Interested in an international co-op? Come talk to students who have done international co-ops all over the world and learn about their experiences, tonight at 6 PM., When Barbara Guthrie reflects on her goals as she joins the Northeastern faculty this fall, an enlightening quote from the late Shirley Chisholm, a social activist and the first African-American woman elected to Congress, comes to mind: "Service is the rent you pay for room on this earth." , Last night, undergraduate engineering students learned about the innovative research happening at about 30 cutting-edge labs, and met with faculty and their peers to find out how they can get in on the action., The Entrepreneurship Immersion Program returns this fall and will pair students with ventures from IDEA to gain hands-on work experience with a startup. The first meeting is tonight at 7 PM in 201 Dodge Hall!, On a panel discussion yesterday, Britain's Home Secretary Theresa May said that perpetrators of human trafficking know no borders, operating across countries, continents, and oceans. As a result, stopping these perpetrators and bringing them to justice, she said, requires a global effort., The Northeastern Entrepreneurs Club's InnoWeekend kicks off this Friday at 6 PM. During the 48-hour competition, students will come together to build a business around their shared ideas and compete for $1,250 in prizes. Registration closes tomorrow! , An interdisciplinary team of researchers at Northeastern University has received a four-year, $1.2 million grant from the National Science Foundation to develop new methods to study how marine organisms respond to climate extremes., Two champions of entrepreneurship launch the Northeastern Venture Mentoring Network, which will create an orientation program, bring guest CEO's to campus, and link mentors and ventures to potential funders., Northeastern Dining will serve up a stellar slate of events this fall to coincide with Xhibition Kitchen's 10-year anniversary., An interdisciplinary team of researchers, led by Northeastern University experts, has developed a novel method for constructing a variety of nanocarbon structures., The networking event, scheduled for September 29th from 5:30 to 7:30 PM, will connect students and alumni with startups hiring co-op and full-time positions., The findings, Hellweger says, shed light on how ocean microbes may respond to global climate change., The project, which is funded through the federal Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery, or TIGER, Discretionary Grant program, will include a new 800-foot commuter rail platform, new elevators, and upgrades to lighting and signage., Cameo Maracon, #JockTheVote, IDEA's new website, and co-op tips were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern secured $71.9 million in fundraising in the 2013-14 academic year, far exceeding its goal and marking the second-highest annual giving total in its history, Pioneering cancer researcher Ross Cagan, the keynote speaker at Profiles in Innovation, described how his lab is using fruit flies to determine personalized treatment for patients., "We cannot forget the lives lost, or the previous light that shone brightly in each one, a light that cannot—that will not—ever die away.", Tune in NOW to watch Profiles in Innovation live! Ross Cagan's talk, "Conquering Cancer, One Fruit Fly at a Time," will reveal how he creates a genetic duplicate of a patient's tumor inside a fruit fly, and then tests thousands of drug combinations on the fly to pinpoint the best treatment. #NUSpeakers, TONIGHT AT 5PM: Please join President Aoun for a conversation with pioneering cancer researcher Ross Cagan, who engineers fruit flies to find personalized treatments for the most lethal forms of cancer. Submit questions for Cagan with #NUSpeakers!, With FoxTrotter, an app developed by two Northeastern alumni and a current student, travelers can get personalized restaurant and attraction recommendations from locals., In a campus lecture on Tuesday, professor Dov Waxman examined the strategic and moral implications of the Israel-Hamas conflict., Get involved through service! The Center of Community Service's annual fall Volunteer Fair will feature about 75 local nonprofit organizations., Please join members of the Northeastern Community at the Candance Lee Williams September 11th Memorial Marker, located on the brick terrace between Ell Hall, Dodge Hall and the Mugar Life Sciences Building, at 11:30 AM for a brief ceremony., Northeastern University President Joseph E. Aoun on Monday evening spoke to students in a first-year Honors class "Enhancing Honors" at Blackman Auditorium. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Tomorrow at 5 PM: Don't miss this exciting discussion about cutting-edge efforts to cure one of the most deadly diseases of our time, with the help of a humble insect. Submit your questions for Cagan below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers!, A leading expert in polymeric biomaterials, new University Distinguished Professor Arthur Coury holds more than 50 patents that helped advance medical products including cardiovascular devices, hydrogel-based devices, and drug delivery systems., As we settle into the new semester, President Joseph E. Aoun shares some outstanding facts and figures about the new entering class and faculty colleagues who are joining us this year., Marine Corps Sgt. Charles Nathan Swope earned his MBA between combat missions., Alexandra Gicas, AMD'16, takes some time in-between her classes to browse a poster sale on the West Village Quad. Photo by Mariah Tauger/Northeastern University., What do this man and this fruit fly have in common? They both have the same cancer, and it's not by accident. Learn more this Thursday at Profiles in Innovation with President Aoun and Ross Cagan. Submit questions with #NUSpeakers., Ben Schmidt, an assistant professor of history, has created a Bookworm that allows users to search references to specific words used throughout The Simpsons' 25-season run by season, episode, and even time within each episode. Excellent., Here's a look back at all the sights from move-in, Welcome Week, the President's Convocation, and more through the lens of our university photographers., "While this hack will no doubt further spur the work of security researchers, one hopes for other outcomes as a result of this attack, including a greater recognition amongst users of the risks associated with the cloud, and the permanence of your data in modern society.", Please join President Aoun for a conversation with pioneering cancer researcher Ross Cagan, who engineers fruit flies to find personalized treatments for the most lethal forms of cancer. The talk will be held this Thursday, September 11, at 5 PM in Raytheon Amphitheater. Have a question for Cagan? Post it below or tweet it with #NUSpeakers., Celia Pearce, a newly appointed associate professor of game design, has spent the past three decades working in the interactive media field. But she may not have become one of the world's leading experts on virtual worlds and multiplayer gaming if not for a prescient phone call in 1983., This year's hockey student section T-shirt will be chosen by a fan vote! You can choose from one of three DogHouse T-shirt designs, and voting closes on September 25th., As temperatures approached 90 degrees on Friday afternoon, a group of more than 100 people converged on Krentzman Quad for an ice cream social. The usual staples were there, but one key ingredient elevated the day: liquid nitrogen., Fall Fest, President's Convocation, the first day of the fall semester, and campus views were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern University Police Department is now on Facebook and Twitter! Check out their social media channels for important safety information, class cancellations, short informational videos, and a behind-the-scenes look into the full scope of services offered by NUPD., The men's soccer team travels to Virginia this weekend for a pair of games against former Colonial Athletic Association rivals Virginia Commonwealth and Old Dominion., For more than a century, Northeastern's students, alumni, faculty, and administration have been true believers in cooperative education. But what makes co-op work?, #TBT: Northeastern University's Roger M. and Michelle S. Marino Recreation Center under construction in 1996., Year after year, Northeastern students produce a range of impressive artwork that is featured across campus. Here's a rundown of where you can find it., Peter Bex, a vision scientist and newly appointed psychology professor, works to detect, diagnose, and monitor visual impairment. His research goal, he says, is to maximize people's remaining vision., Dayna Altman, SSH'15, organizes her calendar on Centennial Common on Wednesday, the first day of fall semester classes. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., Sheri Fink, the Pulitzer-Prize winning author of this year's First Pages book "Five Days at Memorial," spoke to new students Tuesday night about what she witnessed at a New Orleans hospital after Hurricane Katrina struck the city in 2005., Celebrating the past. Embracing the future. Join us tomorrow at 6 PM as we kick-off celebrations in honor of Curry Student Center's 50th Anniversary with free food and giveaways., Students visit the Chinatown food booth at "A Taste of Boston" on Centennial Common yesterday. The event was part of Northeastern's Welcome Week and featured food tastings by Boston restaurants from the Waterfront, Chinatown, the North End, and other neighborhoods. It followed the President's Convocation, where Northeastern's newest first-year students were officially welcomed into the university community. Photo by Mariah Tauger/Northeastern University., How would you react if your roommate was President Aoun? Watch what happens when he moves into Stetson West., A score of new student veterans attended a series of workshops and information sessions on Friday morning, followed by swapping military stories with their peers in the afternoon., "Commit to trying one new thing, big or small, every day this semester. It doesn't have to be revolutionary or expensive, and it should definitely not be dangerous. It just has to be something new.", New professor Jayant Kale didn't grow up dreaming of becoming a leading expert in corporate finance and mutual fund investment. But he's happy he invested in that market early in life., Law professor Margaret Burnham has dedicated the last seven years of her storied career to seeking justice for racially based murder cases that have been forgotten for decades., There was something for everyone at Fall Fest '14 yesterday, when students packed the quads to learn how they can get involved on campus, meet their peers, and participate in fun activities., President Joseph E. Aoun will deliver his annual address to new students at convocation Tuesday morning at 10 a.m., followed by the Taste of Boston event on Centennial Common for the entire student body!, At a conference at Northeastern last week, more than 125 experts from 11 countries presented their work and discussed avatars that could be used in a variety of healthcare applications., The clacking of move-in bins' wheels on the campus sidewalks can only mean one thing: More than 8,000 students have returned to Northeastern for the new academic year., Through Northeastern's Community Business Clinic, law students provide legal advice to local startups and businesses, like the Haley House Bakery Café in Boston., Now that you're settled in, come have some fun at Fall Fest! Fall Fest '14 – taking place today from 1 to 4 p.m. – will feature music, giveaways, games, food, and more as students get the chance to learn about campus organizations, departments, and sports and recreation teams., Incoming freshmen posed for a picture with Paws on the Snell Library Quad during late orientation before the start of the fall semester. Photo by Brooks Canaday/Northeastern University., First-year students Nicole Pristin and Tais Midlef Colavolpe, both DMSB'19, posed for a picture with Paws on the Snell Library Quad during orientation on Thursday. Photo by Brooks Canaday., #NUFallFest14, #NationalDogDay, #ALSIceBucketChallenge, and #NUWelcomeWeek were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Three varsity teams open their regular seasons today, including men's soccer, which will take on UNH at Parsons Field in the lone home game., At the annual Trash2Treasure yard sale on Sunday, students can buy a range of gently-used dorm room essentials – from kitchenware to electronics – that their fellow Huskies opted to donate rather than throw away during the spring move-out period., Under watchful eyes. A move-in team helping students bring their stuff into International Village yesterday pushes carts past a mural by artist Shepard Fairey. Students are returning to campus this week for the start of the new school year. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The School of Law community played an important role in Massachusetts' Domestic Workers Bill of Rights, which provides new protections against sexual harassment and provisions for maternity leave., #TBT: A student reads in his dorm room in Stetson on move-in day in 1986., Gail Batutis, DMSB'16, recounts her recent co-op in India where she worked with a startup dedicated to solving one of the leading health threats to women in the developing world., We know there's a lot for first-year students to take in when arriving on campus and starting their first semester. So we asked upperclassmen to offer some tips on settling in and making the most of their Northeastern experience., Students began moving in on Northeastern's campus this week, and students, parents, and university departments have taken to Twitter to express their excitement for the new school year., Here are five tips to help you navigate and make the most of the Welcome Week and move-in experience., As a new Northeastern student, Welcome Week is where college life begins. Here are some things you should know to make the most of the Welcome Week experience., Students and families can access schedules, maps, announcements, and more via the Welcome Week mobile app. Download it today!, Ankit Patel, E'19, of Plymouth, New Hampshire, moves his things into Stetson West dormitory on Monday with some help from his mother, Hina, and father, Sunny. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The men's soccer team kicks off the 2014 season this Friday against rival New Hampshire at Parsons Field, and the Huskies are eager to assert themselves as a top team in the Colonial Athletic Association., Experts convened at Northeastern last week to discuss advancements in next-generation energy storage and battery technologies – which could have a major impact in addressing global challenges in areas such as energy consumption, materials shortage, and climate change., See how two current students and one alumnus are on the fast track to success, thanks in a large part to their experiential learning opportunities at Northeastern., The enhanced GoNUxstream portal will offer more features designed to enrich the fan experience, including increased engagement through Twitter integration and the ability to watch multiple games at once., Ryan McGill, DMSB'04, co-founded the Summer Sessions Surf Shop when he was an undergraduate at Northeastern. Today, it's one of the largest companies of its kind in New Hampshire's Seacoast Region., The ECAC Rowing Trophy is given annually to the men's and women's rowing programs that best demonstrate the core values of the ECAC – tradition, diversity, and service – along with success at the premier eastern regattas., "The program is focused on developing leaders to succeed in an increasingly diverse and complex world," said Richard O'Bryant, director of the John D. O'Bryant African-American Institute. "We want students to hone their communication and leadership skills to engage with people from other countries and cultures.", Laura Marelic, AMD'15, founder of Northeastern's student-run design studio SCOUT, knows a thing or two about getting an idea off the ground. Here's her advice to incoming students., Here are four miniature devices, developed by Northeastern faculty and students, that could have a major impact on the way we understand and view the human body., International co-ops, Splashscore, campus views and the start of the new semester were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., "Because we are a small and new business, this event helps us introduce our services to people and learn what these larger institutions needs are and how we might be able to meet those needs.", Four former Huskies are part of a Boston-based team that will compete in the National Pro Grid League this week, which involves co-ed teams facing off in races combining fitness and athletics., "In order to rebuild trust between the community and the police, the political leaders, the community members, and the representatives of the local government need to critically examine the excessive use of force by police in Ferguson.", Senior Vice President of Enrollment Management and Student Life, Philly Mantella, accepted the #icebucketchallenge from Northeastern University Seattle Dean Tayloe Washburn! She has challenged Northeastern University Charlotte to participate next. Let's continue to #StrikeOutALS, raise awareness, and raise donations for an amazing cause!, #TBT: New students around the Welcome Week Information Booth during the President's Convocation and barbecue in Centennial Common in 2006. This year's President's Convocation will be on Tuesday, September 2nd., Northeastern alumnus Decker Watson co-produces "Deadliest Catch," the most popular reality adventure show in television history. Last fall, he was nominated for an Emmy; this year, he hopes to win., Jack McDevitt, director of Northeastern's Institute for Race and Justice, examines the events unfolding in Ferguson, Missouri, and some of the university's research efforts around law enforcement and social justice., Students relaxing in the shade near Centennial Common are reflected in a window on Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The incident in Ferguson has led to peaceful protests as well as clashes between the community and the police, and citizen journalists have been reporting on the ground via social media to help spread the story across the globe. How has this shaped the public's opinion of the events?, Vincent Mitchell, of Northeastern Facilities, waters giant plants outside of Forsyth Building on a warm August day. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Junior Paige Savage is one of 22 women named to the U.S. Women's U-22 Select Team, and will compete in a three-game series against Canada starting tomorrow., Jennifer Macorski, who works in Northeastern's Urban Coastal Sustainability Initiative, reflects on her recent trip to the Netherlands to study their long history of managing water and the threat of flooding., Snell Library Digital Media Commons co-op Manuel Simon, AMD'16, in blue, and studio manager Jason Smith, CJ'14, work in the Media Common's recording studio with brass musicians from the Atlantic Brass Quintet Seminar at Northeastern this summer. The studio is open to the entire Northeastern community. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The Arnold S. Goldstein Simulation Laboratories Suite will facilitate healthcare instruction, and will allow faculty and students to replicate clinical symptoms and modulate realistic human responses., Five years. Seventy-five students. Thirty-five leading Northeastern and Dana Farber laboratories. A new program at Northeastern will offer students the training to study and conduct cancer nanomedicine research., Supporters of NCAA autonomy say that it will strengthen D-1 athletics and is a win for student-athletes, while critics are concerned about what this means for the competitive balance in college athletics as well as the unintended consequences., Professor Gary Goshgarian, bestselling author of eight critically acclaimed thrillers, recently received a professional achievement award from his alma mater for his impressive career as an accomplished novelist, editor, and teacher., Paint and sealant are applied as crew members continue their work inside Matthews Arena. Photo by Mariah Tauger., In the words of Steven Tyler, walk this way. A students walks past 'Homage to Galileo,' in the background, and 'Quantum Figure,' in the foreground, both sculptures by artist David Bakalar that are on display in West Village. Photo by Brooks Canaday., A fresh sheet of ice was installed at Matthews Arena last week. With that in mind, here's a look back at a time-lapse video from March of Facilities crews changing over the floor from the basketball court to the ice rink., Here are five things you should know about this season's field hockey team, which begins 2014 play with an exhibition game on Friday., A popup concert, Robotic Birds and Bees, summer playlists and a new sheet of ice were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Fresh as ice. New ice for a new school year at Matthews Arena., Mark you calendars for the return to the pitch on August 22!, “It really showed me anything is possible. A week before I saw press photographers on the pitch at the World Cup, and then I was doing the same thing.", Rain rain go away. A woman makes her way past the Egan Center on a rainy Wednesday afternoon. Photo by Mariah Tauger., We all 'heart' coop. Here, recent graduates share why and how co-op had a major impact on their Northeastern experience. #iheartcoop, The plane-sharing website created by a Northeastern student and an alumnus recently expanded its network to San Francisco and is currently part of Y Combinator, a Silicon Valley-based seed accelerator., #TBT: An aerial view of the construction site for Richards Hall in 1938, with Huntington Avenue running along the right-hand side., Assigning credit for science papers with multiple authors can sometimes be a challenge. But a paper from Northeastern researchers offers a new way to allocate this credit., A slap shot is one of the most exciting maneuvers in hockey, and it's all about puck speed. A well executed slap shot can launch a puck at over 100 mph. Here, assistant professor Christopher Hasson explains the technicalities of the motion behind a slap shot., This November, the men's basketball team will compete in the 2014 Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Tipoff Tournament. Get your tickets now!, In June, Andreas Krassas suffered a ligament tear in his right ankle. In July, he placed second in his weight class of the judo competition at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Next, he has his sights set on competing in the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro., Northeastern researchers have produced groundbreaking research that sheds light on targeted attacks, which represent the growing majority of cyberspoinage worldwide taking place today., Students from the 2014 International Atlantic Brass Quintet Seminar, a two-week-long program designed to educate, inform, and develop brass players' advanced musicality, performance technique, and collaborative skills, held a pop up concert on Centennial Common yesterday. Photo by Casey Bayer., No one hearted his co-op more than Spencer Small, who was hired by Amazon after an eight-month co-op stint there. #iheartcoop, Pearce discusses the history and future of gaming as a social tool, new lines of thinking in the industry, inclusiveness, and more., Kimberly Izar, DMSB'16, says the new, more active image is a disability rights conversation starter, one she helped spark while on co-op at Triangle, a Greater Boston non-profit., Nick Wright, DMSB’16, plays pool in the game room in the Curry Student Center with friend Tom Porter, DMSB’16, not pictured. Photo by Brooks Canaday., “I feel like I’m making a difference most of the time,” says Kelsey O’Neil of her co-op turned full-time job at the EPA., What policies should governments adopt to adapt to the changing realities associated with the spread of illicit substances? Find out how political science and economics student Aaron Kanzer tackled this tough question as part of the Global Debate and Public Policy Challenge., Northeastern’s student-run design studio, Scout, views its work and open-critique approach as “a vehicle for talking about design thinking and process by bringing the campus into the conversation as well.”, Run for cover! Students run past Hayden Hall during a sudden summer rainstorm yesterday afternoon. Photo by Brooks Canaday., There is no known vaccine, treatment, or cure for Ebola, which is contracted through the bodily fluids of an infected person or animal. But that doesn't mean there's not hope., The "Best Career Services" ranking, secret spots on campus, Matthews Arena, and the Ice Bucket Challenge were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Northeastern students served as a traveling press corps in Spain, where they reported on an epic soccer match, the country's time-honored tradition of bullfighting, and a range of other stories., Say cheese! Students Peng Du and Linying Ye spend time outside the library on their second to last day of the Summer II session. Photo by Mariah Tauger., No one hearted his co-op more than Bryan Ash, who was hired by HubSpot after a co-op stint there. #iheartcoop, #TBT: A professor holds class outside of Kariotis Hall during a warm summer day in September, 1989., After a monthlong trip to Poland to study the universal implications of the Holocaust, Madison Flashenburg is moving one step closer to realizing her dream of becoming a curator of a Holocaust museum., Social scientists and scholars from across the world are at Northeastern this week for the 18th International Social Pharmacy Workshop, a biennial conference focused on the psychosocial aspects of medication use., With a book in hand, a student takes advantage of the summer weather on Centennial Common, while another student in the distance opts for shade. Photo by Brooks Canaday., All we can say is: Thank you, Huskies! Northeastern is #1 in the country for "Best Career Services," and what makes this such an honor is that it is the students that determine the ranking., Students in Nutrons 125, Northeastern's student-led robotics engineering team, may be the architects of the robots they build each year, but it's not possible without collaborating with a score of tech savvy high school students., Kendall Coyne, Paige Savage and Heather Mottau will travel to Lake Placid next week for a shot at joining Team USA. , Do you heart coop? Here are the many reasons why Northeastern students can't help but say #iheartcoop., A cyclist, blurred by a long shutter speed, rides past the Behrakis Health Sciences Center on a summer morning. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Due to the rapid pace of global environmental change, there needs to be greater integration of science and research into U.S. climate and ocean policy. The time for this is now., The Princeton Review surveyed 130,000 students, and the results are in: Northeastern's career services is No. 1 in the nation! That makes seven consecutive years that our career services have been ranked in the top four in the U.S., including four years at No.1. What services have you taken advantage of as a student or alumni?, Asanterabi Malima and fellow Northeastern alumni Jaydev Upponi and Cihan Yilmaz co-founded Biolom, a university research spinoff that produces revolutionary biosensors for diagnosis and monitoring of diseases., Think you have what it takes to make the men's soccer team? Tryouts, which are open to all Northeastern students, will be held Sunday, Sept.14 from 1-3 p.m. at Parson's Field., "What I love about the experience is that in Boston we can talk to the students about distribution complexities in India and Asia, but when we are actually traveling on rickety roads with little infrastructure, we truly understand their challenges.", Hello down there! Two students converse in the atrium of Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday., When you're young, genders are defined by stereotypical things such as trucks and construction helmets or tea parties and dresses. As it turns out, adults hold an equally stereotypical view of gender., Amber Ferreira captured the women's title in the Ironman Lake Placed race last month, beating out her closest competitor by nearly seven seconds., "I knew there were people from Mississippi to Japan who loved geeking out with robotics like I did, but I had no way of connecting with them," recalled Ben Anderson, the alumni co-founder of Amino Apps, the world's largest mobile social network for super fans., Nick Dowmon, E'16, reads "One Last Thing Before I Go" by Jonathan Tropper for the Honors Book Club, which meets twice a month and is open to all Honors students. Photo by Brooks Canaday., How does a city like Rome emerge as a cultural hub? It may be influenced by the number of intellectuals that have died there., Orientation excitement, altruistic Huskies, a hockey countdown and #tbt were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., With support from the National Science Foundation, assistant professor Daniel Wichs will work to develop better encryption techniques to improve cloud security., A cyclist, blurred by a long shutter speed, rides past the Behrakis Health Sciences Center on a summer morning. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The construction of the ISEC marks an exciting chapter for Northeastern, and the communities that surround campus, as it lays the foundation for the next generation of scientific breakthroughs., The two panelists representing Northeastern at "Education Uncubed" shared their expertise on best practices for preparing students and alumni for startup careers, citing their experience with IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator., What do we know about white-band disease? It's already killed up to 95 percent of Caribbean reef-building corals. What don't we know? Everything else. Northeastern researchers are trying to change that., #TBT: The 1962 Northeastern Men's Hockey team poses for a group photograph., Take a walk on the green side. A student walks by the Columbus Parking Garage as seen from above. Photo by Mariah Tauger., The recent ouster of long-time Market Basket CEO Arthur T. Demoulas has led to a public battle over the family business. What effect will the conflict have on the Market Basket brand?, Men's rowing standouts Justin Jones and Trevor Weaser helped lead the United States to a bronze medal in the men's eight at the 2014 World Rowing Under 23 Championships in Italy over the weekend., Global warming doesn't necessarily mean more heat waves. Cold extremes, like polar vortexes, are also a symptom of rising temperatures., Skylight spotlight: Students walk past a hanging sculpture in the atrium of Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "For the U.S., the situation at the border is not a crisis, but rather a logistical challenge that the federal government should be able to handle as it has handled influxes of refugees in the past.", Napoli played for the Huskies from 2008-11 and graduated as Northeastern's all-time leading scorer with 36 goals, 17 assists and 89 career points., There are seventy-four days between now and the start of the 35th women's hockey season. To help you pass the time, here are the top five can't-miss home games., The standout soccer alumna led the Huskies to the 2013 CAA championship and was named the Most Outstanding Player of the tournament., As the Ebola virus crisis elevated to new heights last week, we asked network scientist Alessandro Vespignani, who has developed computational models that predict the spread of infectious diseases, to discuss the outbreak., Last week, Michael Ravert’s co-op at RunKeeper took an interesting turn when they set out to answer a question on many Bostonians’ mind: Can the average person outrun the MBTA’s Green Line?, It may have been held up in customs, but this 3-D plane has finally joined the other Swiss energy projects on display at International Village as part of the Watt d'Or art exhibit. Stop by to check them out! Photo by Mariah Tauger., “They were able to contribute to those projects so quickly and with such depth because they had the job experience.” Hear from Northeastern COS professor Mike Pollastri on how co-op can make undergraduate research experiences even better., Dialogue of Civilization programs, alumni ventures, advice for new Huskies, and #iheartcoop were among our selects for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., [VIDEO] “I have a high hiring bar and finding the best talent today is difficult. That’s been very different for us with Northeastern. We can’t compare it to anything else” -Elias Torres, VP of Engineering at HubSpot. , Spending 31 days living under the water will make you saturated. Not by water–but by nitrogen., A job fair held in Curry on Wednesday allowed community members to connect with local businesses looking to hire., Huskies join Northeastern Walks, a program sponsored by Healthy You that gets the Northeastern community out and about around campus at lunchtime. , Starting with studying the diet of the pilgrims to the present-day obesity epidemic, a new course entitled Food, Food Policy, and Health examines the history of food in the U.S., [VIDEO] When students bring coop experiences back into the classroom, they also help bring academic materials to life., What will the $23.6 billion verdict against R.J. Reynolds mean for the future of big tobacco in the U.S?
, From the ice to the field, alumna Katy Augustyn is set to travel to France to compete in the Women’s Rugby World Cup., Looking for new music to listen to this summer? Look no further than CAMD’s artfully curated playlists. Created by students, faculty, staff, and alumni, these weekly playlists will be sure to introduce you to a new favorite song., From preparing military helicopters for a crash test to watching a  model of a Mars Space Launch System rocket in a supersonic wind tunnel, engineering student Craig Schmidt is getting the “full NASA” experience., “Immigrants are often used as scapegoats for problems, and they’re presented as a monolith. There are rarely opportunities for migrants to voice their own stories in mainstream media platforms.”

Sonia Banaszczyk discusses her co-op experience in Belfast at the Northern Ireland Council for Ethnic minorities., Ali Prince, a recent Vanderbilt University graduate, and Julian Taylor, SSH'14, spar just outside of Ryder Hall. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Portraits of Boston caught Northeastern alumni Young Kim, CAMD'14, spreading good vibes through paper roses., Mello will be teaching courses at the intersection of communications and health. Here, she discusses her courses, research, and the future of her field., Watch this video to get a sneak peek into Daniel Anguilu's thought process as he painted the wall behind the Curry Student Center., Photos to Photos puts a twist on the popular elements of two of your favorite party games: the rules of Apples to Apples and the humor of Cards Against Humanity. Read more about the app, then download it today!, Marissa McMahan's family has been commercial fishing in Maine for more than three generations. But in 2012, she started noticing something fishy., Anna Schegoleva of Northeastern's swimming and diving team won four events and earned women's athlete of the meet honors at the national championship in her native Cyprus., It's never too early to look ahead, especially when the first game of the new men's hockey season is less than three months away. Here are the five matchups you won't want to miss., In Antarctica, where some days only provide two to three hours of sunlight, a new world of research opportunities rises with the sun., NUin Orientation, the Whiteboard Innovation Challenge, and Pitch-a-thon were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Five minutes is all the time hopeful entrepreneurs had to pitch their ideas to potential investors at IDEA's annual Pitch-a-thon in Boston's new innovation center., No, not well, in the expert opinion of Distinguished Professor John Kwoka, whose award-winning research has found that the vast majority of mergers lead to significant price increases., The men's hockey team will host 15 games at Matthew's Arena in 2014-15, including 10 Hockey East contests. Visit Ticket Central now to buy your season passes., Northeastern alumnus Asanterabi Malima knew he couldn’t save his father, but wanted to develop technology to diagnose diseases earlier, and hopefully save someone else’s loved one., See how the Ocean Genome Legacy, a public biorepository of the world's most rare and remarkable ocean creatures, is providing an unprecedented wealth of knowledge and opportunity for research faculty and students. , McDonald's new book exams the eccentric life and music of Charles Ives, a revered American composer from the early 20th-century., #TBT: A cloud of balloons are let go at the 75th anniversary celebration of cooperative education at Northeastern in 1984. #iheartcoop, Justin Jones, Trevor Weaser, and Cameron Buchan will compete at the upcoming 2014 World Rowing Under 23 Championships from July 23-27, in Varese, Italy., After talks of an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire collapsed Tuesday, violence resumed in the Gaza Strip and Israel in a conflict now in its second week. Here, Dox Waxman discusses what has changed since the previous cease-fire in 2012 and the prospects for a new agreement., We've all heard the stereotype: Women like to talk. At least, that's what "they" say. But is any of it actually true? , Jonathan McKenzie, CIS'09, takes a closer look at one of the many 3-D creations in Snell Library's 3-D printing studio yesterday during a demo and open house. The event highlighted the number of 3-D printers from Makerbot that are available among the resources in Northeastern's 3-D printing studio. Photo by Mariah Tauger., By 2025, the city will see an estimated 25 percent increase in the number of Alzheimer's patients living in the city, and by the middle of the century the number will have increased threefold., The results are in. College Magazine has named Northeastern's Career Services #1 in the country, citing our Employer in Residence program and extensive online support materials., Did you know that Facebook only shows you a small percentage of our posts? To stay up-to-date on everything Northeastern, be sure to come directly to our page!, "He'll instantly go from being just about the most despised player in the game to maybe the most loved. And maybe that's part of what's driving this decision.", Two students walk across the footbridge from the Columbus Parking Garage on a summer day. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Innovations and strategies to address climate change were the hot topics discussed by global experts at an energy summit on Friday., Members of the Northeastern community have raised more than $22,000 and will participate in the 2014 Run to Home Base this weekend to raise awareness for veterans and their families., In just five years, Uber has become a popular form of transportation in 100 cities around the world – but this hasn't come without a share of challenges., With support from the NSF, assistant professor Marilyn Minus is creating better synthetic collagen fibers and longer-lasting flame-retardant coatings., Watch as Tatum, Lindsey and Andrew reflect on their experiences traveling with the Empower campaign to San Francisco, New York, and Hong Kong., Co-op videos, office views, the men's hockey schedule and a "Happy" sorority were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., From left, nursing students Bryanna Baptiste, Stephanie Geneus, and Victoria Roisman took advantage of a shady spot on Centennial Common to study for a nursing exam in late June. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Neil McPhee's 723 career wins as head coach of the Northeastern baseball team are the most of any coach, in any sport, in Northeastern history. However, McPhee was a Northeastern legend before his collegiate coaching career started in 1984., A solar-powered airplane, a revolutionary yet elegant method to save energy, environmentally friendly buildings. These are just a few of the award-winning Swiss energy projects featured in a traveling exhibit that is making its world premiere at Northeastern today., Dormception. West Village B is seen reflected in West Village A next to West Village H (right) after the official start of summer. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Former Northeastern pitcher Adam Ottavino has been an asset in the Colorado Rockies bullpen with his strong slider., #TBT: From left to right, President Bill Clinton, Governor Michael Dukakis, Senator Edward "Ted" Kennedy, and Secretary of State John F. Kerry at the 1993 commencement ceremony. During the ceremony, Clinton received an honorary Doctor of Public Service degree., "They were on a whole new level. They make Ryder feel like an art building. It's wonderful when you turn a corner and there's a piece of art.", The students left the conference equipped with the skills to engage diverse religious and non-religious identities to build the interfaith movement on our campus., Incoming freshmen in the group C orientation session posed for a picture with Paws on the Snell Library Quad during a campus scavenger hunt on the second day of Husky 101 summer orientation. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "This program was the perfect way to understand how the field works and how international organizations implement changes in countries that are trying to get out of poverty.", "Lacrosse ambassadors" Jonathan Sirisuth and Chris McPartland will compete at the 2014 Federation of International Lacrosse World Championships, which starts tomorrow in Denver, Colorado., If you want to beat the heat this summer, staying cool while keeping safe, follow these five tips from Assistant Clinical Professor Linda Malone., Northeastern Athletics has announced the 2014-15 men's hockey schedule on its new Instagram page today. Check it out!, TAPAS, not the Spanish cuisine but a Northeastern digital humanities project launching this fall, will bring history into the modern age., What does it take to edit the catalogue for the United States Pavilion at this year's Architecture Biennale in Venice, Italy?, Although the truck tour is over, the Whiteboard Innovation Challenge continues online! Visit the website to enter and learn more about the MS in Innovation., Kappa Kappa Gamma created a video to show off Northeastern's campus in the summer and how happy they are to be here. Their message: make the most of your summer, and be HAPPY!, "We are continually looking to improve the quality of education we provide our students. We have creative and innovative faculty, and we wanted to provide these grants to allow them to do things that haven't been done before.", Incoming first-year students in the group C orientation session last week, laughed during a campus scavenger hunt on the second day of Husky 101 summer orientation., Look for “The Hub” a modular unit comprising seating, planters, bike racks, and covered shelter on a Boston street near you soon. Nick Guertin, AMD’14, designs recently won the streetscape category of Boston’s Public Space Invitational., Max Abrahms, assistant professor of political science and a terrorism expert helps to explain the current situation in Iraq, and the rise, and potential fall, of ISIS., “Northeastern’s leadership in experiential learning at the nexus of higher education and the global economy gives us a unique opportunity to help other institutions do the same."  , Orientation Session C, new co-ops, and November Project were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., #TBT: In 2012, Distinguished Professor William Fowler explored fascinating tales about our nation's independence and explained how the Declaration inspired similar documents in other countries., #TBT: Male students in a chemistry class at the YMCA, where Northeastern University used to be housed, in 1911., Take a look at the amazing people, places, and events captured through the lenses of Northeastern University photographers in June., "If the bar for publication is anticipating every potential objection or addressing every methodological limitation, there would be precious little scholarship for us to discuss.", Dog days of summer. Lyra, a 5-year-old Husky, rests next to the Shillman Cat, Yitz, in front of Shillman Hall. The Husky was seen on campus Monday with owner Janis Lai, S'13. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Does Kanye West inspire you? Professor Sarah Jackson was inspired by West to examine how the mainstream and black press have covered controversial political dissent by African-American celebrities., Imagine a device that would work like a highway lane closure to isolate pure bacterial samples from the environment. Northeastern researchers have made this a reality., iNSolution, Northeastern's research blog, has gotten a face-lift! Not only does the homepage have a new look, but the blog is now fully integrated with news@Northeastern., Assistant professor Loretta Fernandez has spent the better part of a decade developing a very comprehensive, yet simple, alternative approach to measuring contaminants in waterways., "This case is going to be more important for a wider range of other civil rights laws. What is really at stake here is the federal government's ability to regulate how corporations treat their employees.", Northeastern alumnus Doug Appleton works at Perception, a motion graphics and visual effects studio, where he helped contribute over 100 shots to the film Captain America: The Winter Soldier., Got intramurals? Registration is open now through July 7th for Summer II intramurals in a range of activities including basketball, soccer, ping pong, squash, cornhole, and extreme dodgeball., In April, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick filed legislation that would ban noncompete clauses in the state. What could banning them mean for companies?, Stephanie Roberts, DMSB'17, sits outside near the Curry Student Center while studying for a psychology final. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The most interesting films are those that "encourage the viewer to get off the couch and act," says Sabrina Chammas, AS'10, who is currently producing a documentary on blind ballerinas in Brazil., Last week, Northeastern researchers and Provost Stephen Director conversed with audience members at the Boston Museum of Science from a unique vantage point: the bottom of the ocean off Florida's coast., Watercolors. The late afternoon sun hits the mural and reflects it in the water of the Curry Student Center Koi pond. Photo by Glenn Pike., Pharmacy student Nikita Mehta, BHS'15, and other students gathered in afterHOURS react to some tense moments during the USA-Germany World Cup match on Thursday. Germany won 1-0, but both teams advanced to the knockout stage. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Tomorrow is the NUTRONS Beantown Blitz, one of the largest off-season robotics events in the New England area. Are you ready for the challenge?, When animals must balance the fear of being eaten with their own need for food, their decisions affect the entire ecosystem. This effect is even more pronounced under future climate change scenarios., The end of the co-op cycle, IDEA's new CEO, and Mission 31 were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., The Woman of the Year award honors graduating female student-athletes who have distinguished themselves throughout their collegiate careers in academics, athletics, service, and leadership., Charlie Baker, a Republican candidate for Massachusetts governor in this November's state election, visited Northeastern yesterday to meet with leaders in the entrepreneurial community, including IDEA CEO Nick Naraghi, DMSB'15, left. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The Washington Redskins have made news off the field recently after officials ruled that the name is disparaging toward Native Americans. Here, Roger Abrams discusses what led up to this decision and what the ruling will mean for the team and for the NFL., #TBT: An aerial view of graduates, family, and friends seated in Boston Garden for the 1954 commencement ceremony., Red-blooded rock cod's feed by counter-rotating with one another – a method that ultimately ends with a win-win, despite the original purpose., Tune into the live stream at 12:30 to learn about Mission 31 and the technology that allows the aquanauts to survive in a 24-hour marine environment, straight from the divers themselves., Earlier this month, Northeastern finished second overall and was named the most improved team at the annual Solar Splash competition in Ohio. In 2013, the Northeastern team finished 10th., Members of the Nigerian National Assembly recently met with more than 120 Nigerian students who are studying at Northeastern this summer as part of a program that aims to prepare them to enter a U.S. college or university., As CEO of IDEA, Naraghi has an amazing opportunity to be involved with the entrepreneurship community, help expand IDEA's reach and ability to help ventures from Northeastern, and learn more about himself along the way., Join us tomorrow at Boston's Museum of Science for a special event celebrating Mission 31. Learn more about the event and enjoy 20% off museum admission when you buy your tickets online using the discount code NEU2014., British artist Patrick Hughes creates 3-D paintings that challenge perception and engage the viewer. You can see some of his work in Gallery 360 through the end of July., New huskies anxious to show their NU pride and have been tweeting up a storm with #Husky101. Follow along! , “Anyway you can explore the world is a good way.” 

President Aoun’s advice to students studying abroad and international students arriving at Northeastern., Want to hear from someone living under the sea? Check out this interview with NU aquanaut Liz Bentley Magee., “Students and colleagues at Northeastern will greatly benefit from his immense experience on the bench and as chief administrator of the state’s court system, as well as his contributions to legal scholarship. It is an honor to welcome him to his new role.” , Amelia Oon, AMD’18, reads alongside a portrait in Robinson Hall., In Eastern Europe, when people choose not to vaccinate their children, it’s often not just an individual decision but one with strong societal drivers and implications., The Maker Movement is enabling all sorts of new ideas and industries. One of those is taking the process of science back to its roots., Engineering professor Hossein Mosallaei and colleagues are attempting to glean insights from nature to build better nanoscale antennas for a range of applications., A late afternoon sun reflects off of the Badger and Rosen SquashBusters Center., The first orientation for incoming freshman was this week and our Tweets of the Week feature a ton of new husky pride!, Professors Mark Patterson and Brian Helmuth fulfill childhood dreams as they explore under the sea with Mission 31. , “There’s just something captivating about the way bees function, the way they move.” 

Lena King spent her co-op working with Best Bees, an urban beekeeping company., Northeastern has created a team for Easter Seals Walk With Me, a national event to raise awareness and support for families living with disabilities. To find out more information and join or support Northeastern this Saturday, check out our team page., Inspiration can come from anywhere. For CAMD Lecturer Sophia Ainslie, it was a single x-ray of her late mother's abdomen and territorial mapping and sketches., Through this program, students will be equipped with skills in traditional security studies as well as training in technical fields such as cybersecurity policy, business sustainability, and urban coastal resilience., #TBT: Members of Northeastern's women's crew practice for the annual Head of the Charles, held October 21 and 22, 1989., When medications linger in the human body, they sometimes produce toxic side effects. To counter this, Northeastern researchers have developed molecules that can be controllably deactivated, thereby reducing the side effects of potentially valuable drugs., Passerby on Newbury Street write their innovative ideas on the Whiteboard Innovation Challenge van on Monday. The challenge coincides with the launch of the D'Amore-McKim School of Business' new master's in innovation program., Zaqout says her studies at Northeastern allowed her to explore a variety of impactful global opportunities, including co-ops in Germany and France., A colorful cascade. Flowers flow down the steps outside of Northeastern's Behrakis Center. Photo by Glenn Pike., In the wake of another successful season, here are five fun facts about our Baja motorsports team and the vehicle designed by the talented engineering students., Believe it or not, fish are noisy creatures. Northeastern researchers are the first to prove that crabs listen to these fish sounds and modify their behaviors accordingly to stay alive., Northeastern campus is in full bloom. Jong Hur, DMSB'14, takes advantage of the vibrant colors to work on a painting for a summer art class., From Summester, to World Cup viewing parties and summer intramurals, here are 5 ways to stay active on campus this summer. , “Rowing belongs at Northeastern- the 1965 crews proved that, and each generation of Husky oarsmen has left a legacy of its own that reiterates the prominence of Northeastern crews among the nation’s elite teams and elite universities.”, Are you a social media activist or a slacktivist? Brooke Foucault Welles, a social network researcher, discusses the intersection of social media and social activism., Construction on the Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Complex is well under way. , Boston is on the short list to host the 2024 Summer Olympics, but is the city ready?, “It’s not just one large-scale conservation project- it’s hundreds of thousands of little ones.” Steven Scyphers studies how individual homeowners are protecting the shoreline., There is much more to see than what meets the eye at the Patrick Hughes exhibit at Gallery 360, on display through the end of July. , Newly sprouted trees bring a splash of color to the side of Snell Library. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Volunteers in action, the Whiteboard Challenge, photos of campus, and World Cup Fever were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Is the plea for tolerance sabotaging the full integration of gay men and women into American life? Professor Suzanna Walters explains why tolerance stifles—rather than promotes—genuine equality., Gallagher will compete in the 5000-meter run at the 2014 NCAA Championships at 9:10 p.m. tonight in a race that will be broadcasted live on ESPNU and ESPN3., Ronald Smith has composed more than 30 pieces of music since the beginning of this professional career in the mid-1980s. You may be surprised to discover the sources of his inspiration., New Huskies head coach Kelly Cole brings a wealth of experience, a passion for the game, and high expectations with her to Northeastern., "The World Cup as well as the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro have presented unique opportunities to further develop Brazil's growing cities," says Thomas Vicino, an associate professor of political science, "but there is a need to understand how and why many of these projects have failed and evaluate the impact.", Environmental studies major Bryan Belice, S'15, a member of the Husky Environmental Action Team, works on his bike during the Summer 2014 Bike Safety Event yesterday. The event featured Boston Bikes, the Boston Cyclists' Union, Hubway, MassRides, Northeastern student organizations, and NUPD. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern researchers took issue with Chobani Yogurt's #howmatters campaign, and hijacked the hashtag to further the case for fear-free chemistry., Population-based health metrics are essential tools that can be used to treat patients, establish preventative care measures, and save big healthcare dollars. Northeastern recently received a grant to identify a universal set of these metrics and then integrate them into a toolkit., How would you use technology to solve a problem that you face everyday? Add your answer to this question to the whiteboards located outside of Snell Library at 3:30 today., Students in "Giving With Purpose," a MOOC focused on philanthropy and informed civic engagement, have selected 30 nonprofit organizations to receive a total of $150,000 in grants., While positive images of aging are good, studies suggest that extremely positive portrayals of older adults can have a negative backlash., Northeastern baseball players Jason Vosler and Michael Foster were selected Saturday in the Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft by the Chicago Cubs and the Houston Astros, respectively., "Kelly brings great experience, energy, and enthusiasm to the position. She is committed to the student-athlete experience and to helping young people achieve both on and off the court.", Twelve years after first hearing about Aquarius, Sara Williams is returning to the underwater habitat to study the way oxygen and nutrients flow through a coral's body., From left, recent College of Professional Studies graduates Yuan Gao, Liu Yang, and Jaichen Wang celebrated with a photo shoot following the CPS commencement ceremonies on Friday. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Thomas Webster, professor and chair of chemical engineering, has been named president of the U.S. Society for Biomaterials, an organization dedicated to enhancing human life through biomaterials research., Print- and paper-making works by three graduates of Northeastern's joint studio art program with the School of the Museum of Fine Arts are now on display at Gallery 360's new exhibit, "A Brief Stay: Print & Paper Show.", Serotonin isn't just the happy molecule; it's important for all sorts of biological processes and is likely implicated in cardiovascular disease., Mission 31, Huskies4Heroes, HubHealth and many more were featured in this week's Tweets of the Week. , May was a big month at Northeastern! From commencement and the end of the school year, to baseball and the arrival of spring, reflect on the past month through the lens of our photographers. , Feel yourself move with Northeastern’s newest mural. [Video], "Understanding the past is key to solving issues that face us today.” CAMD professor and award-winning filmmaker looks to past in new documentary., null, Pedestrians are framed by a wall of bushes as they walk behind Snell Library. Photo by Brooks Canaday., For the second time, Cheryl Richards won the honor that spotlights the most influential women in business, government, education, and the nonprofit fields in the greater Charlotte area., More than 7 percent of children born to South African mothers suffer from fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. Dan Marsden wants to explore a less well understood factor: the role of paternal substance use in the development of these children., Zooplankton become particularly important for corals during bleaching events, when their typical food source—photosynthetic algae—abandon ship., Old and new are merged together at the 140 The Fenway research complex. Photo by Brooks Canaday., A group of Northeastern students has joined the crusade to eradicate the seven most common neglected tropical diseases by 2020., After being "bitten by the technology bug" while on co-op, Carlos Villalobos returned to campus and co-founded Bökeh, a wireless enabled camera lens that connects to the iPhone., National experts convened at Northeastern last week to discuss cutting-edge research and methodological breakthroughs in healthcare organization and management science., A student takes advantage of the recent nice weather to study outside of Snell Library. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Joanne Miller, Matthews Distinguished University Professor and chair of Northeastern's Department of Psychology, was recently recognized for her pioneering research on human language processing in the field of speech perception., Using their love of engineering and technology, a Northeastern student group has spent the last two years developing products that will make the lives of Massachusetts residents living with disabilities easier., A Northeastern student plays guitar in the shade outside of Ryder Hall. Photo by Glenn Pike., The global supply chain evolves daily and faces new challenges and opportunities – whether it be consumer trends or needs, regional trade agreements, or safety measures following last year's deadly collapse of a Bangladesh clothing factory., Northeastern Men’s Rowing again established itself as one of the nation’s top collegiate programs this past weekend., “He didn’t promise jobs or an easier life. He told people they need to live in a new way by breaking the cul­ture of stealing and corruption.”, Starting with two very well known things, nanomedicines and nanoparticles, Vladimir Torchilin pursues a new concept for treating cancer., “An aca­d­emic research enter­prise is at its best when it can bring the brightest and most inno­v­a­tive minds together to solve real prob­lems that will make a dif­fer­ence in people’s lives—whether that impact is local or halfway across the world.”, Presidential selfies, Mission 31, new women's hockey members, and a class reunion were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., What are the unique conditions under which the salamanders' limbs regenerate after being amputated? That's just what Northeastern researchers are trying to figure out., Using Google Glass, Northeastern students are developing programs to help the more than 15 million Americans that suffer from some form of dementia., Starting today, the women's rowing team will compete in the NCAA Championships, and the men's team will compete in the IRA National Championships. Check out GoNU.com for full coverage!, High altitude cleaning. A window washer works near the top of International Village. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "Biomedical research often leads to drug development, but if that drug has only been tested in male laboratory animals and men in clinical trials, how do we know it will work the same in women?", The occasion mattered not. When Maya Angelou spoke at Northeastern in 2010, her entire audience paid attention., As part of a month-long underwater research mission, graduate student Allison Matzelle will lead a project studying the flow of energy through one of the oldest organisms in the world—the giant barrel sponge., The blue sky and blooming trees accentuate the front of Shillman Hall during a recent spring day. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Law professor Michael Bennett weighs in on what the FCC chairman's recent proposal means for net neutrality and Internet traffic speeds, as well as the implications of societal ignorance., Artist Co-Funding immediately reimburses the artist as revenue is earned, rewards the label with a small overhead and—most importantly—deposits a majority of revenue into an account reserved for the artist's future projects. , Quad Technologies will become the first Northeastern-based venture to take product testing into outer space on the International Space Station., What exactly is omni channel retail? And how has it created more knowledgeable, connected customers? Tune in at 12:30 AM to find out from alumnus Spencer Fung, COO and Executive Director at Li & Fung Limited, where he'll be answering your questions live from Hong Kong. Add your voice to the conversation with #NUCEO., Last week, baseball head coach Neil McPhee concluded his 29th and final season at Northeastern. He amassed 723 career wins, the most for any coach in any sport in Northeastern history., Four Northeastern law students delivered powerful reflections at Friday's commencement ceremonies, during which they recalled their academic experiences and looked forward to their careers ahead., Tune in to the live stream at 12:30 AM for a conversation between President Joseph E. Aoun and alumnus Spencer Fung, who currently heads up Li & Fung's global infrastructure and was previously president of LF Europe. Have a question for Spencer? Post it below or tweet it with #NUCEO!, Eileen Sheehan, a biochemistry student on co-op at Palmer Station, Antarctica, guest blogs for iNSolution about her first fishing adventure for research., On Friday, the School of Law celebrated the more than 240 graduates in the Class of 2014 at commencement., Something worth staying up for: On Wednesday, May 28th at 12:30 AM, President Joseph E. Aoun sits down with Northeastern alumnus Spencer Fung, Group COO and Executive Director at Li & Fung Limited, in Hong Kong. Watch it live., Northeastern Foundation Year faculty member Peter Plourde, aka Professor Lyrical, speaks to more than 1,000 Boston middle school students yesterday at the Boston Celtics' "Stay in School" event held at Matthews Arena. Photo by Casey Bayer., James Eggers, SSH'12, was recently accepted into the Fulbright English Teaching Assistant program and will spend nine months strengthening college students' English language skills in Brazil next spring., Nick Ducoff's appointment, the anniversary of Empower, and co-op shout outs were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Tune in at 1PM to watch the Northeastern University School of Law commencement exercises and celebrate the Class of 2014., The class of alumni at the Northeastern University School of Law will grow by more than 240 this afternoon, when the school will hold its 2014 commencement exercises at Matthews Arena., Jeff Crompton, BHS'12, and Sarah Webber, BHS'13, returned to the spot of their first date, a candlelit dinner in Jeff's St. Stephen Street dorm room, where Jeff proposed to Sarah on Saturday, May 10. Congratulations Jeff and Sarah! Photo by Kristyn Ulanday., "Storytelling will never lose its power, but a great brand story that isn't supported by an equally great brand experience only serves to further erode customer trust," says Karen Kaplan, chairman and CEO of the advertising agency Hill Holiday., In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, these four alumni won a national competition to design sustainable homes for the devastated coastline of the Red Hook section of Brooklyn., Doctoral students Allison Matzelle, Jennifer Morales, and Tanya Rogers selected as 2014 recipients of the prestigious National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship., The façade of Dockser Hall, home to Northeastern University School of Law, serves as the backdrop for a bed of tulips blooming on campus. Photo by Mariah Tauger., These three photos, and the stories behind them, underscore the sometimes intangible power of eye-opening global opportunities., Blooming pink dogwoods frame pedestrians in the spring before the start of Summer 1. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Researchers at Northeastern are exploring the possibility of applying low-level current to the scalp as a means of improving intelligence., The city of Boston has created a task force to investigate opportunities to enhance its nightlife and create a more vibrant late-night culture—and Northeastern undergraduate Marvin McMoore has a seat at the table., Blooming tulips and pedestrians are seen reflected in "Bird in Flight," a 1997 sculpture by artist Leonardo Nierman next to the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., A daylong symposium showcased faculty and students' research and honored the annual event's founder, professor Richard Deth, who is retiring after 38 years at Northeastern., Here's a rundown of some of the top spots on campus where you can find a range of art exhibits, unique collections, and a new mural., Graduate students in the physician assistant studies master's program recently embarked on a volunteering effort to Guatemala to deliver free medical care to families in need., In order to please all stakeholders involved when dealing with complex challenges in New England, an interdisciplinary approach is crucial., In addition to the bid, the baseball team honored its senior class and head coal Neil McPhee, who is retiring after 29 seasons., The sixth annual Women in the Law conference provided career guidance and professional development growth to female attorneys and other professionals., The women's rowing team stormed to their fourth CAA championship in six years, sweeping all three races and earning an automatic bid in the NCAA championship., Take a look back at the very best from CAMD’s past year in the their first annual magazine., Lucy West, the President Elect of the American Pharmacists Association- Academy of Student Pharmacists, not only leads in her field but also on stage as a dancer., “He has earned admi­ra­tion by taking a fear­less approach to some of the most chal­lenging issues of our day, par­tic­u­larly those involving race and inti­mate family relations.” -Jeremy Paul, Dean of School of Law on Randall Kennedy, The Ballroom Dance Club is offering ballroom dance workshops on Thursday evenings. Newcomers are welcome to swing by tonight and learn the American Foxtrot!, Student Wil Hsie made a short video about how we can interact with and move through our environment in alternative, unique, and healthful ways., The squirming claws of a blue lobster did not deter U.S. Reps. John Tierney and Katherine Clark from getting their hands dirty as they examined the rare species yesterday in Nahant., Through a $1 million grant, Professor Tim Cresswell will build upon his work in mobility theory – a new field that examines how all forms of mobility are interconnected., One of the most popular countries for legal process outsourcing is the Philippines, where Fenichel will conduct research for nine months starting in November thanks to a Fulbright award., Students walk through the Snell Library Quad on a spring day before the start of the Summer 1 semester. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Recent alum Eric Chin wrote computer code that made communication possible between systems used by separate projects in the Defense Department., Northeastern yesterday convened experts from industry and academia to discuss the challenges employers face and best practices for hiring people with disabilities, particularly college students and recent graduates., Blooming pink dogwoods frame pedestrians walking through Northeastern's campus last week as spring continues its return to the New England Area. Photo by Brooks Canaday., It can be difficult to clear your mind when you own a small business. Stephanie McLaughlin, AS'95, finds her mental and physical release in aerial circus., Eileen Sheehan is on co-op at Palmer Station, Antarctica, where she is researching how warming waters will affect the development of fish species. Read about her experience first-hand., Graduate student David Walsh has watched his 92-year-old grandmother suffer from repeated invasive treatments for her age-related macular degeneration. He's developing a device that could make life a lot easier for her., Want more behind-the-scenes shots of campus life? Follow Northeastern on Instagram!, As a key partner in the Massachusetts Open Cloud Project, Northeastern will collaborate with industries to create a new public cloud computing infrastructure., Three varsity sports teams – women's indoor track and field, men's soccer, and men's cross country – recently earned NCAA recognition for academic success., "All countries in a sense want to solve this problem—what they disagree on is how to go about solving it.", For the first time in seven years, the men's club lacrosse team will play in the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association's national tournament, which begins today., Are body products like blood, milk, and sperm marketable commodities, gifts to help others, or both?, Campus in bloom, student videos, record application numbers, and #NU2014 were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Brothers Sean and Connor Lyons, outfielders for Northeastern's baseball team, have a win-at-all-costs style of play., Everyone's heard of "middle child syndrome," but what about middle predator syndrome?, During a press conference in March, President Obama noted that his biggest security concern wasn't Russia—or any other regional superpower—but rather "the prospect of a nuclear weapon going off in Manhattan.", Northeastern University School of Law students have crafted—and helped pass—a resolution making freedom from domestic violence a human right in Boston., Are institutions "rich" because of the success of their researchers, or are those researchers successful merely because of an institutions visibility?, Northeastern's student chapter of Engineers Without Borders has received the 2014 Premier Chapter Award for bringing clean water to families in Honduras and Uganda., Spring has sprung on Northeastern's campus. Photo by Glenn Pike., The sun shines on blooming dogwood trees next to the John D. O'Bryant African-American Institute. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Human emotions may be innate or based on a lifetime of learning but now they can also be programmed into virtual humans., Three Northeastern researchers persevere through resistance, pushback, and even open hostility to achieve major breakthroughs in their fields., The award – the highest honor bestowed by the NGNA – is intended to recognize individuals whose contributions and accomplishments have significantly impacted elderly care and positively influenced the public image of the aging., The Third National Climate Assessment was released today, and the outlook isn't good. But co-author Matthias Ruth thinks Boston, and the country, can face the challenge., A time-lapse video capture's Northeastern's 112th commencement exercises in 20 seconds., "Bioengineers inherently are working to help people and it's wonderful to work with such a great group of people who are motivated by such a noble thing.", Northeastern photographers took thousands of photos during Friday's commencement. Here are a few images that captured the excitement of the day., Emily Miles, DMSB'14, right, shows off her graduate cap to Stephanie Falvo, DMSB'14, at a Senior Week event on Thursday where seniors were provided a variety of paints, letters, and tapes to decorate their mortarboards. Photo by Maria Amasanti., Were you at the undergraduate commencement ceremony on Friday morning? Tag yourself, and your friends and family, in our Gigapan photo!, Watch some of the most memorable moments and graduates' reflections from Northeastern's 112th commencement exercises., Our special news page captured all the action and excitement from Friday's graduation ceremonies, as well as the many achievements of graduating seniors., #NU2014, Were you at the undergraduate commencement ceremony this morning? Tag yourself in our Gigapan photo! #NU2014, What a year it was! We've captured so many moments to remember, and here are some of our favorites., Yesterday's event celebrated the fourth graduating class of the program, which supports first-generation, low-income students from diverse backgrounds who exhibit potential in nontraditional ways., For all things commencement, check out our full coverage page!, Emily Izzo, SSH'14, delivers the student address at today's ceremony, and her message is simple: "Get out there and do everything.", Northeastern will honor graduates as well as an accomplished group of influential leaders and scholars receiving honorary degrees at the university's 112th commencement exercises., Huskies near and far don't have to miss a minute of today's Commencement. Tune in to watch it live at 10 AM!, With only one day until Commencement, graduates pose for photos in Krentzman Quad. #NU2014, Ain't no mountain high enough. Seniors get ready to take a group shot in Krentzman Quad., In honor of tomorrow's commencement ceremony, here is a photo of Northeastern University School of Law 1981 graduates! #tbt, Northeastern has undergone a colorful transformation, thanks to a new initiative that will bring more public art to campus., Rachael Tompa has always known that she wanted to be an astronaut. Thanks to Northeastern's co-op program, she now sees how to make that dream a reality., Kiki Cokorinos, AMD'17, takes advantage of the warm weather and does a little "hooping" on Centennial Common during the "Good Vibes" event earlier this month. Photo by Mariah Tauger., This year, Northeastern students launched the university's first-ever chapter of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics – and it was a soaring success., Northeastern researchers will investigate the effects of global change on reef ecology as part of a 31-day underwater expedition off the coast of Florida., The higher education community received a big wake-up call during the Great Recession of 2008, when many graduates questioned the value of their college investment. It's time for colleges and universities to prepare students for not just their first jobs, but for life., Typical eye-tracking devices for locked-in patients can cost upwards of $10,000. The prototype for this one developed by Northeastern engineering students was only $223.08., Photographs, oil paintings, videos, mini furniture, and a sculpture made out of colorful cough drops are among the artwork displayed at Gallery 360 in a new exhibit featuring the work of talented Northeastern seniors., According to a new national survey by Northeastern, more than half of business executives believe the U.S. is lagging behind developed and emerging countries when it comes to preparing college graduates for career success., Tune in NOW to watch Innovation Imperative: Enhancing the Talent Pipeline live with panelists President Joseph E. Aoun, Gary Gottlieb, Kara Miller, Jeff Selingo, and James T. Brett., Tulips begin to bloom outside of the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Join us tomorrow for a panel discussion with CEO's and thought leaders about what employers are looking for in a globally competitive talent pipeline.
, Professor Barry Karger, whose contributions to analytical chemistry helped enable the sequencing of the human genome, received the Arnold O. Beckman Medal and Award for Outstanding Scientific Achievements., Julia and Adriana Sepulveda, fraternal twins on the swimming and diving team, are wont to follow in each other's footsteps., How do you feel about finals? Anxious? Exhausted? Relieved? Share your feelings with the Northeastern community by pressing one of the color-coded buttons outside of Ryder Hall., Tune into Chronicle on Channel 5 tonight at 7:30 p.m. to see how Northeastern engineering students are making cycling safer, and thus a more desirable mode of transportation., Seventeen extraordinary seniors were honored at the Cooperative Education Awards, an annual ceremony highlighting transformative co-op experiences around the globe., CAMD seniors' work in art, digital art, graphic design and more are on display in Gallery 360 through June 1st. Join us outside the gallery today at 4 p.m. for a reception., The yearlong graduate program is aimed at working professionals who want to become innovation leaders in their corporate environments., "If you are educated, you have a moral obligation to give the same opportunity to one child in a less developed country.", null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, What exactly are employers looking for in a globally competitive talent pipeline? Join us on Tuesday for Innovation Imperative: Enhancing the Talent Pipeline to find out., In an effort to learn how to communicate complex topics to younger audiences, first-year engineering students recently created museum exhibits for middle schoolers., Established in 1971, the Cooperative Education Awards recognize outstanding seniors in the co-op program. This year, we are excited to present this prestigious award to 17 Northeastern seniors. With intellect, ambition, curiosity, and persistence, they embody the essence of a Northeastern student. Tune into the live stream at 3 PM to watch the ceremony., Edmund Yeh is working to design a better Internet, one that's more equipped to meet growing traffic demands. His approach: a network of Internet drains., All of us in Husky Nation 'heart' co-op. Here, seniors share why and how co-op had a major impact on their Northeastern experience. #iheartcoop, With aggressive marketing strategies, Northeastern students have helped bring local businesses back from the verge of bankruptcy., Spring is in full effect as flowers begin to bloom behind Robinson Hall. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Students enjoyed a colorful afternoon on Saturday on Centennial Common as they participated in Holi, the Hindu festival of colors, organized by the student group NU Ustav. Photo by Maria Amasanti., "Investigative reporting is much better today because there is so much information and data available. That makes it possible for good reporters to go much deeper and report more broadly and with a lot more confidence.", Twenty-four video, card, and board games developed by Northeastern students were on display at Game Demo Day last Thursday., Award-winning Colombian novelist Gabriel García Márquez died last week at the age of 87. We asked associate professor Alan West-Duran to discuss the author's life, literature, and legacy., The latest issue of NU Writing Journal, written by Northeastern students, explores conflict, both large and small in scale, and how tension shapes our lives., Neel Shah and Tushar Swamy had never built a computer before, much less a super one. But that didn’t stop them!, Sunny, spring weather is all around us! And so are bicyclists. Last week’s bike safety event on Snell Quad showed us how to respect the rules of the road.
, Jennifer Elliott knew when she was a teenager growing up in Mauritius that she wanted to help save its environment. Now, from 9,000 miles away, as a doctoral student at the Marine Science Center, that’s exactly what she’s doing., “An accomplished leader and scholar, she will take Northeastern’s lead­er­ship in com­puter sci­ence to the next level-both within and beyond CCIS.”, Northeastern University Student Alumni Association (SAA) at the 2014 Boston Marathon., Korean and Spanish may not sound a lot alike, but they follow the same set of unwritten linguistic rules, which are encoded in our brains., Angelina Sassi (left), S'15, presents a grant award to the Refugee and Immigrant Assistance Center's medical director, Lisa Fortuna, executive director Miriam Gas, and director of research Michelle Porche at the 6th annual NS4G Awards Ceremony. Photo by Mariah Tauger., The first CAMD magazine, finals week events, and the Academic Honors Convocation were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., "Everything we do is building on the legacy and the opportunities that our predecessors made available to us.", Last season, men's basketball won its first CAA regular season championship and earned a berth in the NIT—its third postseason appearance in five years., Stanislas Phanord, an accomplished senior recently named a Rangel Fellow and Fulbright Scholar, has a guaranteed job in the Foreign Service as a Diplomat come 2017., The biggest problem doesn't lie with the one in four Americans who believe the sun revolves around the Earth, it's with those who simply accept that the Earth revolves around the sun without demanding the evidence., Students, faculty, and staff who channel their extraordinary talents and passion into transformative research, exceptional teaching, and innovation were honored at the fourth annual Academic Honors Convocation., Northeastern's Our Marathon project co-director Alicia Peaker looks at artifacts from the Boston Marathon Bombing Memorial formerly located in Copley Square at the Dear Boston: Messages from the Marathon Memorial exhibit, which opened last week at the Boston Public Library. Photo by Casey Bayer., Baseball is far from India's most popular sport, but that hasn't stopped Jackson Golden from working to bring America's pastime to the nation's makeshift diamonds., Notably, Northeastern will meet the full demonstrated need of all freshmen aid applicants this year—an important goal that the university is achieving three years ahead of schedule., "That day is going to stay with us forever. Many members of the Boston community are still struggling with what happened and our role is to be there for each other.", Northeastern had 961 research proposals submitted for external funding in 2013, compared to 521 in 2006., On a trip to the Chickamauga battlefield in Tennessee, 20 top Northeastern students learned to apply leadership strategies from the Civil War to modern business., In the latest installment of the Profiles in Innovation Presidential Speaker Series, Nobel laureate Sir Harold Kroto discussed how his discovery of the "bucky ball" sparked an entirely new field of chemistry., Head to International Village to see "Our Marathon: Sharing Stories and Images from the Boston Bombings," an exhibit that highlights the uncertainty of that day as well as how the city came together following the tragedy., Husky Nation, please join us for an interfaith vigil today from 11:30 to 12:15 pm in the Sacred Space, 200 Ell Hall, in memory of the Boston Marathon bombing victims and first responders., Spring has arrived at Northeastern! Thank you to the facilities team for all of their work making campus beautiful. Photo by Mariah Tauger., The ALIGN program is the only experiential graduate degree program in the U.S. designed for students who want to switch careers and need both an advanced degree and real-world experience to do so., Northeastern students spreading good vibes across campus on this beautiful spring day., At the sixth event in our Women Who Inspire series, female CEO's from three top pharmaceutical companies discussed the challenges and rewards of being a leader in the drug industry., Congratulations to Northeastern's newest "Huntington 100," extraordinary students selected for their impressive achievements and impact both on campus and around the world., Join us in Raytheon at 2 PM to learn how nanoscale ideas were inspired by the boundless three-dimensional extent of space. Have a question for Sir Harold? Share it with #NUSpeakers!, Meghan Slattery, left, and Kylee Borges, second from right, threw pies in the faces of Nikita Shenkman, second from left, and Rex Elardo, far right, at an event organized by the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity and Alpha Epsilon Phi sorority to raise money for Save a Child's Heart. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The cutting-edge training lab is designed to facilitate healthcare instruction and enable a collaborative learning environment for students across health professions., IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator, founded in 2009, has helped 35 ventures jumpstart or continue their journey to success., Scholarly research, innovative thinking, and entrepreneurial ventures were on display at RISE:2014, Northeastern's Research, Innovation and Scholarship Expo., New studies by Northeastern faculty discount widely accepted theories about chronic Lyme disease, calling for new approaches., It took 5,000 man-hours for a team of 30 Northeastern students to build the 245-pound craft, which will be judged in a regional competition later this month., Theo Bowe, Tushar Swamy, and Greg Allan credit research opportunities they received as freshmen with fostering their passion for science and engineering. http://bit.ly/1qxx4tM, Join us in the Cabot Center NOW for RISE, Northeastern's annual Research, Innovation and, and Scholarship Expo, where students and faculty showcase their latest game-changing work., Andy Mattson, '18, sweeps up litter as part of a Northeastern University community effort to give back to its neighbors by cleaning up outside the Lenox/Camden housing development in Boston's South End. It was one of several cleanup locations as part of the Neighbor to Neighbor Spring Cleanup event. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Nobel laureate Richard Ernst recalls his journey from a silent explorer to making one of the most important breakthroughs in the history of analytical chemistry., On Tuesday, a group of Northeastern students met with members of Congress in Washington, D.C. to advocate for increasing federal financial aid programs., How does the brain control the precise movements of the body? Dagmar Sternad is taking an interdisciplinary approach to finding out., Please join us on in Raytheon on April 14th at 2 PM for a conversation with Nobel laureate Sir Harold Kroto, one of the discoverers of C60 — a unique spherical carbon molecule also known as the “buckyball.” Don’t miss this riveting discussion about how an amazing scientific discovery ushered in a new era in technology. Submit questions for Sir Harold with #NUSpeakers., "I see local philanthropy as a deeply held value, a trust, that is not just about money, but about engaging in and taking responsibilities for our communities.", Elijah Kaplan, left, AMD'17, and Montana Fredrick, SSH'17, news producer at NUTV, Northeastern's student-run television station, prepare to interview a student in the Shillman Hall studio. Photo by Brooks Canaday., As more cities discuss sustainability, resilience, and adaptation, "we're going to have to think about how we can prevent the problems and how we can let nature help us.", Northeastern saw a 146% increase in enrollment from outside New England and Mid-Atlantic states between the 2006 and 2013 entering classes., Ningfang Mi, recent recipient of a Young Investigator Award from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research,  is exploring better ways of predicting and managing demand for cloud computing resources., Like all crises, the global financial crisis in 2008 gave us the opportunity to draw conclusions, to learn lessons, and to make things better in the future., Can you believe there's only 24 days until commencement? We want to hear about YOUR most powerful co-op experience. Tell us with #iheartcoop!, With flying colors. Students walk past a multicolored art installation in the lobby of Ryder Hall while moving between classes. Photo by Brooks Canaday., An eight-month co-op at Amazon lead the company to hire Spencer Small full-time. #iheartcoop, Honeybees are dying at an alarming rate, creating a looming environmental disaster that could have a devastating impact on the world's food supply. One Northeastern alum is giving the bees the strength to fight back., The campaign trail can take its toll. A recent Northeastern conference focused on a topic seldom emphasized in politics: how political leaders’ health can affect their ability to do their jobs. , The News@Northeastern April Fools edition and the 2014 Compass Awards were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Sorting through 33,000 books, manuscripts, and pamphlets is no small feat, but Jillian Chaffee, currently on co-op at the Library of Congress, considers it a dream job., Registration is open for Giving With Purpose, the world's first philanthropy-focused MOOC. Learn the basics of effective charitable giving from actor Patrick Dempsey and other guest speakers., At the 112th commencement exercises, Janet Napolitano, LL Cool J, Wade Davis II, Victor J. Dzau, and Donald G. Comb will receive honorary degrees from Northeastern., Our undergraduate entrepreneurship education program has been ranked 10th in the nation by the Princeton Review and Entrepreneur Magazine., Here's a look at the people, places, and events on campus from the last month through the lenses of Northeastern photographers' cameras., Kelsey O'Neil was hired by the Environmental Protection Agency shortly after completing two co-ops there. #iheartcoop, A team of Northeastern students placed first at the 31st annual National University Model Arab League Conference, besting delegations from two dozen colleges and universities., Game design major Tyler Kaminsky, AMD'17, practices playing guitar while balancing on a slackline in Centennial Common. Kaminsky has been slacklining for a year and only recently added guitar playing to his balancing repertoire. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Robert Lieb wrote a book detailing the history of the American Basketball League, a short-lived pro basketball league in the 1960s that disrupted the basketball establishment., Eleven students spent spring break volunteering at the Peaceable Kingdom Retreat for Children, a Texas-based organization that provides fun day camp experiences for kids with special needs., "Learning by Design" traces the influence of the Kindergarten movement on culture and the impact it had in laying the grounds for modernist art, architecture, and design., Eatherton, a junior who won CAA Defensive Player of the Year, is one of 25 finalists for National Defensive Player of the Year., The six delegation members, who represent the political spectrum in Israel, discussed a range of topics in a spirited yet civil discussion., We hope you enjoyed our April Fool's edition of News@Northeastern!, Upon selfie approval by selfie staff, students can expect to receive their new IDs within two hours by flying robotic parcel carriers., Underwood's first course, "Why Washington Politics is a House of Cards," already has a waiting list of more than 4,000 students., In an effort to reduce awkward collisions on campus, Northeastern will soon begin installing "text-and-walk" lanes on major pathways., Released last week, “Oyster Doctors," a one hour documentary film, stars two of Northeastern’s own researchers., This photo from last April reminds us that it's only a matter of time until campus starts to blossom! Photo by Glenn Pike., High school teams get ready to participate in a qualifying match during FIRST Robotic Competition's "Aerial Assist" on Friday. Northeastern University hosted the two-day competition in Matthews Arena. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Flex your patience, stop and just say thank you. It may help you live a longer, better life., Rep. Jim McGovern, a leading voice on human rights issues, visited campus on Friday to discuss his work across the globe and what still needs to be done., This week's tweets from the Northeastern community include student stories, a picture perfect husky, and our commencement speaker announcement., In the wake of the recent deadly mudslide in Washington, Tom Sheahan breaks down the anatomy of a mudslide and offers some preventative measures., The group of admitted students exceeds all previous benchmarks in terms of academic achievement, total applicants, and geographic diversity. Why did you choose Northeastern? Let us know on Twitter with #WhyIApplied!, At NEXPO, Northeastern's student entrepreneurs showcased their innovative ideas to some 450 attendees., The mean two-part SAT score for 2013 entering freshmen was 1390, up from 1230 in 2006., Can our obsession with the missing Malaysian Airlines jet be explained through the psychology of the human mind?, "It's an interesting story we are a part of now. It's a rather dangerous time in Europe and a concerning time for the west in general.", Imagine marijuana without impaired memory, binge eating, or other negative side effects. Northeastern pharmacy professor Ganesh Thakur is working on it., The sky, clouds, and trees are reflected in the windows of Northeastern's Egan Research Center on a spring day. Photo by Mariah Tauger., The Student Government Association set up shop inside the Marino Center yesterday afternoon for students to vote in the direct election for the new president and executive vice president. Here is a guide to elections week for more information: http://bit.ly/1jqzzA8, The goal of the unique partnership is to advance basic research and develop breakthrough innovations to address global challenges for clean energy, Internet connectivity, safety, and security., Please join us this Friday as Congressman James McGovern (D-MA) gives a speech on the present status of global human rights., The Digital Scholarship Commons serves as a dedicated meeting space for faculty and doctoral students to access a range of high-level services for digital scholarship, teaching, and research., "Her commitment to making an impact on society through public service is exemplary of the accomplished, fulfilled life we aspire for all Northeastern graduates to achieve.", Although the air has a bite, computer science major Wil Hsie pulls up with his skateboard to watch Kármán Voh, an experimental art/dance collective, perform in Snell Quad on Monday. Photo by Mariah Tauger., At its new home at the Marine Science Center, OGL will be a resource to uncover some of our ocean's deepest mysteries and reveal genomic information that can help cure diseases, protect the environment, and improve sustainability., Are you a Northeastern senior with a powerful co-op story to tell? We'd love to hear from you! Let us know using #iheartcoop., Last year, the Princeton Review ranked Northeastern's career services No. 2 in the nation. That makes six consecutive years that our career services have ranked in the top four in the U.S., including three years at No. 1., It's that time of year again! Login to myNEU or stop by one of the stations on campus to vote for your next Student Body President and EVP., "Most people think of bacteria as rather nasty objects you want to stay away from. People are busy washing their hands all the time and putting hand sanitizers on. But this is all very bad.", The new media innovation track will teach journalism students skills such as coding, information visualization, videography, database management, and game design., Sir Richard Roberts is speaking in the Ballroom NOW about why he loves bacteria, and why you should too. Can't make the lecture? Tune into the live stream., Elikya Bokanga showcased award-winning diplomatic acumen and strong management skills at the 12th Annual National Model African Union Conference last month., RISE:2014, featuring hundreds of students and faculty presenters, will be held on April 10th. Come see the breadth and depth of innovative thinking and research at Northeastern., Seniors, how did coop impact you and shape your career path? We’d love to hear from you! Let us know using #iheartcoop, Navigating college life can be a tricky endeavor for students, and Greg Goodale is ready to help. Here, he offers five pieces of advice for undergraduate students from his new book, "A Professors Advice to his Students.", Kelvis Xharda says his co-op with the Office of the First Lady has expanded his career outlook: "The White House made me think: 'O.K. Now, how can I top this?'", Believe it. There's more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world. Learn more about these microscopic hitchhikers today at 4 PM in the Ballroom., Regular decision acceptance letters went out this week, and Huskies old and new took to Twitter to express their excitement for the Class of 2019. Here are some of our favorite tweets from Husky Nation., Matt Bilotti, DMSB'15, is a fixture in Boston's innovation ecosystem, a go-getter who views "every experience as a way to adopt a skill, learn a lesson, or walk away with a new story.", Congratulations to Zoe Bergin, Hochiang Wang, Carlos Eduardo Villalobos Valdivieso, and Tiemae Roquerre for taking first place at the Undergraduate Intercollegiate Business Case Competition at Brandeis on Thursday evening., Muench's app, Skimmin, allows users to browse the top headlines of the day in just 60 seconds., Did you know that there is 10 times more bacteria in your body than actual body cells? Join us in the Ballroom on Monday at 4 PM to meet these beautiful microorganisms., Doctoral student Dan Blustein studies animals like lobsters and honeybees and then mimics what he finds to build robot models., Northeastern held 289 alumni events in 2012-2013, compared to 150 in 2006. Which did you go to?, "If you don't understand the Dominican baseball pipeline in all its dimensions, then you can't say you understand baseball in the 21st century.", Head to Curry at 7 PM to learn what Circle K is all about and make a difference in the Greater Boston community., The 2013 film "The Monuments Men" followed a WWII platoon tasked with rescuing art stolen by the Nazis. This lecture focused on the real people behind this search., Bacteria are everywhere —in and on our bodies, and in the environment around us— and boy are they beautiful. Join us Monday at 4 PM as we welcome Nobel laureate Sir Richard Roberts who will deliver a fascinating talk, "Why I Love Bacteria." http://bit.ly/1ddx69M, Did you know that you're carrying around about 10,000 hitchhikers right now? Join us in the Ballroom on Monday at 4 PM to meet them., People walk through the West Village H lobby on Monday. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Please join us next Friday as Congressman James McGovern (D-MA) gives a speech on the present status of global human rights., President Aoun, as a national leader on issues critical to higher education, participated in a panel discussion focused on the skills leaders at higher education institutions will need in the future., We live in a fascinating world surrounded by life.  Much of that life is clearly visible like the plants and animals that we see every day.  However, far more is invisible to the naked eye. Please join us on Monday at 4 PM as Nobel laureate Sir Richard Roberts discusses this microscopic world., Margaret Burnham was recognized for her work as a civil rights lawyer, educator, and activist, and well as for being the first African American woman to serve in the Massachusetts judiciary., At Northeastern's Holocaust Commemoration, speakers honored the memory of scores of German-Jewish artists who staged theatrical productions at a detention camp in the Netherlands., Tulip bulbs began to appear on an early March day next to the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Sure you can hear the music, but did you know that you can taste it?, Binge watching TV shows and tweeting along with actors are just a couple of examples of the TV industry's recent evolution., Whether you're looking for complex cancel cell biomarkers in a sample or simple bacteria in drinking water, ScanDrop is cheaper and faster than standard approaches to testing., Mohamed Kante, E'12, is developing a STEM education program in Mali that aims to empower youth to create change in their own communities., Behavioral neuroscience majors Tiana Mason, left, and Akosua Oppong, both S'17, took advantage of an unseasonably warm day last week by studying on Centennial Common. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Entrepreneurs and startup hopefuls looking to make an impact in the health sciences industry got insider tips from venture capitalists and angel investors., From Senior Week to social networks, check out our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Through Heads Up for Charity, the third-year psychology major combines fashion and generosity to raise money and awareness for causes around the world., Experience Empower Northeastern in San Francisco through the words and images of super blogger Lindsey Sampson.
http://northeasternempowerblog.wordpress.com/2014/03/14/empower-san-francisco/, "Google wants to contribute to science but at the same time does not follow scientific praxis and the principles of reproducibility and data availability that are crucial for progress.", What can your temporary tattoo do? John Rogers' can fly a helicopter., Watch the live stream of Profiles in Innovation speaker John A. Rogers as he discusses his research on integrating living and electronic systems with President Aoun.  

http://www.northeastern.edu/videostream/, After a two-year hiatus, the men's hockey team is back in the Hockey East playoffs, and will face UNH this weekend in a best-of-three quarterfinal series., Caitlin Candee gives a first-hand account of how a fellowship program provided her with an up-close look at impact investing and clean energy programs in India., Sixty-four percent of 2013 entering freshmen were ranked in the top 10% of their high school class., Electronics come out of the pocket and onto the skin, with life-changing implications, thanks to materials scientist John A. Rogers. Head to the Raytheon Amphitheater at 5 p.m. as Rogers joins President Aoun for a discussion about electronics that are compatible with human tissue. Tweet questions for Rogers with #NUSpeakers., "It was an obvious whodunit where nothing was as it seemed," said Jeff Howe of the murder of 13 Chinese sailors on the Mekong River., Excited for the return of NU baseball? Here are five things you should know before the Huskies play their first home game of the season this Friday., The personal information we share online is spread far and wide, and users actually have little say in the matter., What if electronics could diagnose disease, deliver medicine, and simply dissolve when their work is done? Thanks to materials scientist John A. Rogers, all of this is possible. Join President Aoun tomorrow as he sits down with the MacArthur "genius grant" winner for a discussion about research at the intersection of living and electronic systems., Grant Terzakis, AMD'16, and Jacqueline Lasry, AMD'14, performed the famous balcony scene from Romeo and Juliet in the Snell Library Quad on Tuesday afternoon, hours before the student theatre production's opening night. The play will run for two weeks at the Curry Student Center's Studio Theatre. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern has seen a 64% rise in undergraduate applications in the past 7 years – from 30,348 in 2007 to 47,364 in 2013., Shai Butler, a doctor of law and policy student, got an invite to a high-level event at the White House on advancing STEM access and diversity., The production, opening tonight, adds a few surprises to the famous play many consider the greatest love story., Associate professor of mathematics Ivan Loseu named a Sloan 2014 Research Fellow for his contributions to the field of representation theory., What's the secret to the perfect slapshot? Find out here from muscle mechanics expert Chris Hasson., (From left) Jean Valburn, Alex Elias, Brian Nocerino and Robert Dolins of NUPD joined hundreds of first responders traveling to Rhode Island last week to wish a happy birthday to Tyler Seddon, a seven-year old battling acute lymphoblastic leukemia., Want a chance to network with nonprofit and socially-minded employers? Then head to Cabot Cage on Thursday., Take a look at the people, places and events on campus from the first two months of the year through the lenses of Northeastern photographers., Here's the story of the people and the science behind changing Matthew's Arena from a hockey rink to a basketball court – all in under two hours., The men's basketball team started strong, but Delaware ultimately pulled away in yesterday's CAA tournament, marking the end of the Huskies season., With tournament play in Men and women’s hockey, men and women’s basketball, and track and field events- this weekend is truly a weekend for championships and for our Northeastern Huskies!, Do you binge watch? news@Northeastern is looking for students, faculty, & staff to share with us their favorite TV shows to binge on & why., Alternative Spring Break in Puerto Rico, co-op students getting up close and personal with President Obama, a student’s motivation app finds success, and a Northeastern Alum named sports editor for Boston.com are all just a sampling from our Tweets of the Week., “Has art lost its ability to really engage the public? Has science?” 

World renowned scientist Albert-László Barabási and artist Botond Részegh born in the same small village in Romania, reunite at Northeastern., Think you’re being nice when you play fair? You may just be protecting yourself., From helping to create lasting solutions for poverty to advancing women’s equality and representation in U.S. politics, Leah Campbell’s coop experiences have her trailblazing a path to achieving her political dreams., Empower Northeastern's EmpowerTrip team have started their trek to places like San Jose, San Francisco, NYC and Hong Kong. Get to know this highly talented globetrotting team., Cheer on Northeastern in the CAA Men’s Basketball Championship in Baltimore this Saturday as the Huskies face-off against the Drexel Dragons. Tip off time at 2:30pm., This week, 186 volunteers have traveled 35,000 miles to 5 countries to use their spring break to make a positive impact during Alternative Spring Break., Geese find gaps in the snow to forage on some grass near Shillman Hall. #15daysuntilspring, Flexible electronics? Stretchy circuits? Electronic systems that integrate and adapt to our bodies? Learn all about these things and more at the next Profiles in Innovation discussion with President Aoun and John Rogers, material scientist and entrepreneur. 

Submit your own questions via social media using #nuspeakers for the Q&A session, and then come on March 13 to hear the answers!, Drug overdoses are on the rise. Is a drug antidote the answer to curbing overdose related deaths? Professor Leo Beletsky weighs in., #iheartcoop, do you? Tell us why!

http://bit.ly/iheartcoop, The TSA based an entire multi-billion dollar program on the idea that emotions are universally expressed and recognized. The only problem is it isn’t true., Northeastern's Huntington Management Group took top prize at Wake Forest’s Marketing Summit last weekend. Congratulations!, Marie Schulte-Bockum hearts coop because she spends her days working to bring affordable and reliable healthcare to everyone.  #iheartcoop, Alternative Spring Break leader, Hannah Kilfoye knows the power of giving back to the community., Warm colors, cold temps. It might not feel like it just yet, but we know spring is just around the corner., Save the date! President Aoun hosts John A. Rogers, in the next Profiles in Innovation Speaker Series. A material scientist and entrepreneur, Rogers is on the cutting edge of creating flexible electronics that can integrate with the human body. Join the conversation on Thursday, March 13 at 5pm in the Raytheon Amphitheater., “I haven’t experienced any moment as powerful, saddening, and in some ways empowering for the Ukrainians as they honored those ‘fallen heroes’ as they called them.” 

Northeastern alumnus and Global Post Senior Correspondent, Dan Peleschuk, reports from on the ground in war-torn Ukraine., "Anything that can be done to discover effective biopharmaceuticals more quickly, manufacture them more easily, or make quality control faster and more reliable will lower the costs.”  

Northeastern professor of chemistry and chemical biology, John R. Engen, is working towards achieving that goal., A new study examining sexual orientation and perception in women finds that while lesbians may have ‘gaydar,’ straight women are better at detecting emotion and personality in their peers., This week, 186 members of the Northeastern community are traveling to 15 communities across the U.S. and four countries worldwide for Alternative Spring Break., A final minute 3-pointer by junior Demetrius Pollard helped clinch the win for Northeastern men’s basketball team in a dramatic win over Drexel on Saturday night at Matthews Arena., Steven Langton, two-time bronze medalist on the U.S. Bobsled Team, and Kendall Coyne, silver medalist on the U.S. women's hockey team, were joined by women's hockey head coach Dave Flint and Zara Northover, a 2007 alumna who competed for Jamaica at the 2008 Summer Olympics, during a ceremony at the men's hockey game on Saturday night., The Sochi Olympics, scenic photos of campus, #iheartcoop sentiments, and the men's baseball game against the Red Sox were among out selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Championships begin and regular seasons conclude for several Athletics teams this weekend., Did you know that the painting series on display in Gallery 360, Botond Részegh’s "Nightfall,"is influenced by former political prisoners?, The Huskies put up a strong fight against the Red Sox yesterday, but it wasn't enough to keep the World Series champions at bay., 15,242 alumni attended at least one Northeastern event in 2012-2013. From the Big Dog 5K to NU Family Day at Fenway, what is your favorite event?, Six participants, five medals, one all-star, and countless memories. The 2014 Sochi Olympics vaulted Northeastern Athletics to an unparalleled level of success on the world stage., The Northeastern community joined members of the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center's Sensational Seniors exercise program in showing off their moves during the Black History Month Celebration in the Cabral Center yesterday. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern's student team won first place at the 29th annual International Model NATO conference, a feat that is even more impressive when considering the circumstances under which the group won., In 2010, the Senate passed the original resolution about raising the requirements students need in order to graduate with "Latin" honors – changes which will be in effect for the class of 2015., Kendall Coyne and Steve Langton, who both won medals at the Sochi Olympics, will be on hand Saturday night when Northeastern honors its Olympians at the men's hockey game., Huskies, see who your 2014 Coolest Co-op Video winners are, and watch how they were inspired to create and discover while on co-op!, According to Timothy Hoff, we have created a healthcare system that is transactional and impersonal, rather than one focused on relationship-building and trust., Every mobile provider claims to have the best, most reliable coverage. How do they know? They don't., Students play frisbee on the Wiffle Ball Field by Speare Hall during a February snowstorm. Photo by Brooks Canaday., William Manfredi, executive vice president for global talent management at the worldwide advertising agency Young & Rubicam Brands, spoke last week with students interested in international co-op at an information session in the Stearns Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern faculty have been awarded 119 external research awards of $1 million or more since 2006., Cereal eating contest. Cool prizes. Beads. Food. Jazz music. Students can enjoy all this and more at the 13th annual Mardi Gras celebration tonight from 8:30 to 10:30 p.m. at Levine Marketplace., The illicit trade of nuclear commodities worldwide is "likely to continue unless fairly strenuous mitigating efforts are undertaken.", Facial recognition software can inform product targeting campaigns, but it can also be indispensable to criminal investigations. There's always a tradeoff between privacy and services, says assistant professor Raymond Fu., World-renowned network scientist Albert László Barabási was appointed the inaugural Robert Gray Dodge Professor of Network Science last night, when he delivered a lecture highlighting his research on the "science of success.", Year of Motivation, founded by Lars King, DMSB'17, delivers short motivational videos to your inbox every morning., Austin Zeliff, DMSB'18, lays out for a frisbee in front of Speare Hall during a February snowstorm. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Currently, the standard way to investigate footage collected on Logan airport's 1,500 security cameras is with the human eye. VAST is automating the process., "This facility will attract some of the world's best minds in the most cutting edge fields of research. The work they will do will change the world in ways we can't even imagine yet.", In his new role, Yaakov said he wants to continue to strengthen the ties between Israeli firms and their New England counterparts, particularly in the tech industry., For the second time in 10 years, the Northeastern Squash team has won their division at the CSA Nationals and brought the Chaffee Cup back to Northeastern. Congratulations!, Graduate student Fabienne Rudolph is known as the apple princess in her native Germany, where she promotes the Odenwald region's apple industry., Go NU! All four of Northeastern's women's hockey Olympians won medals yesterday in Sochi, with the U.S. taking the silver and Switzerland winning the bronze., Please join us today as Northeastern and the City of Boston mark the groundbreaking of the Interdisciplinary Science & Engineering Complex on Columbus Avenue with a ceremony at 11:30 a.m., New research from Northeastern suggests that the most recent generation of climate prediction models is no better at predicting future outcomes than the older ones. But they have a solution., The state-of-the-art Interdisciplinary Science & Engineering Complex is the first private research development in Roxbury and will create more than 600 jobs during the construction phase and an additional 700 jobs within the complex after its opening., In a battle of musical prowess, four of Northeastern's finest performing arts groups will compete for the title of NU Idol tonight at 7 p.m. in afterHOURS., Northeastern has established 39 new graduate degree programs since 2006., We invite you to join President Joseph E. Aoun, Provost Stephen W. Director, Mayor Marty Walsh, city officials, and members of the surrounding communities tomorrow at 11:30 a.m. as the university celebrates the groundbreaking of the Interdisciplinary Science & Engineering Complex on the former Columbus Surface Parking Lot. http://www.northeastern.edu/isec/, Students have developed a business proposal to feed orphans in Bali that has been accepted to the upcoming Clinton Global Initiative University Conference., "There is a lot to be gained from being surrounded by people who have different opinions from you. If you aren't interacting with people who have disagreements with you, you're detracting from your college experience.", Be there for the groundbreaking of Northeastern's new science and engineering research complex! This Friday at 11:30 a.m. on Columbus Avenue , All four of Northeastern's women's hockey Olympians will be vying for a medal when the puck drops in Sochi tomorrow., Thinking about showcasing your research at RISE:2014? Be sure to submit your abstracts by Friday!, An interdisciplinary duo of Northeastern professors have discovered a breakthrough that could lead to much faster and more efficient electronic devices., Northeastern has awarded 1,017 university scholarships for global professional experiences since 2010., Kate and Alyssa Carlson led their high school field hockey teams to back-to-back state championships. Will they duplicate their success at Northeastern?, Where is your favorite spot to study on campus? Twenty-three new group study rooms are part of Snell Library's two-year transformation to address the need for greater access to educational technology; additional study spaces; and new, innovative opportunities for teaching and learning., "Discrimination and bigotry are real problems, but for the success narrative of the gay rights movement to match the reality, the movement would need to make a real change in its priorities.", Congratulations! Alumnus Stephen Langton won a bronze medal in the two-man bobsled on Monday – the first Olympic medal for the former track and field team sprinter., As athletes who combine skill, strength, and grace, figure skaters are a force to be reckoned with., Reactions to the Beanpot championship games, Northeastern's greenest university honor, and IDEA's 100K Club were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Leave the chocolates at home. This Valentine’s Day, all associate professor Rupal Patel wants is your voice., Many of those with severe speech disorders use a computerized device to communicate, yet they choose between only a few voice options. Rupal Patel wants to do something about this, and is engineering unique voices for the voiceless., Does romantic love look the same way on our brains as alcohol, tobacco, or cocaine? Well, yes, as a matter of fact, it does., Why do you 'heart' co-op? Use #iheartcoop to share your story and spread the love this Valentine’s day., Why do you 'heart' co-op?
http://bit.ly/iheartcoop, From studying the physics of a heartbeat to designing new cardiac disease detection methods, these five researchers have the heart on the brain., Due to the current weather conditions, Northeastern is canceling classes beginning at or after 4:00 p.m. today (Thursday). Faculty and staff concerned about their commute should consult with their supervisors about early departures.

Dining halls: INV, Stetson East and Outtakes will remain open until 10:00 p.m. this evening (Stetson West will close at 8:00 p.m. as scheduled). Curry Center Dining, Argo Tea and Subway retail locations will close today at 6:00 p.m.
 
Events / Recreation: The Women's Varsity Basketball game will take place as scheduled in Cabot at 7:00 p.m. All Intramural League Games in Cabot and Marino will be held as scheduled. Marino will remain open as scheduled until 1:00 a.m. The Cabot Center will be open until 9:00 p.m. tonight and the Badger & Rosen Center will close at 4:00 p.m.
 
Snell Library is open and operating as usual.
 
We are closely monitoring the forecast and will continue to update the university community on important developments through various channels, including email, text message, social media, and the university homepage. Please monitor Northeastern's emergency website where all weather-related updates will be posted as well., Did you know that Northeastern offers 47 hybrid online and advanced degree programs at our graduate campuses in Charlotte, N.C. and Seattle?, The Greater Boston area is experiencing worsening weather conditions with a blizzard-like snow storm underway. To ensure the safety of our community, Northeastern is canceling classes beginning at or after 4:00 p.m. Faculty and staff concerned about their commute should consult with their supervisors about an early departure.

CPS students with exams scheduled for this evening should be hearing from the college or their instructors.

Stay tuned for more information regarding dining halls, recreational facilities and the library., Northeastern's Our Marathon Archive has been recognized by Digital Humanities Awards for its accessibility and interest to the public. Help them win the "Best DH Project for Public Audiences" Award by voting now!, “I would preach the consistent message of a team being like a family and the need for each member to feel valued, respected, and important.”, President Joseph E. Aoun spoke to members of the Student Government Association yesterday about the university's vision for the future and the importance of capitalizing on differentiation., MIT professor and social activist Noam Chomsky shared his thoughts on the struggling U.S. Economy on Monday evening at Northeastern's third annual Boston Symposium on Economics., Check out our special website to stay updated on Husky happenings in Sochi!
, "Bethany," the theatre department's first production of 2014, tells the darkly comic story of a single mother's struggle to regain what she's lost at the height of the Great Recession: her home and her daughter., "Define diversity as working alongside people with whom you have profound disagreements on fundamental matters," says Eboo Patel, Northeastern's inaugural interfaith leadership fellow., Goalie Chloe Desjardins made 27 saves, but the women's hockey team fell to BC 3-0 in the Beanpot championship game last night., In a rematch of last year's championship game, the Huskies will look to build on their record 16 Women's Beanpot titles., In 2013-2014, Northeastern awarded $201.4 million in university grant aid to undergraduate students., What did co-op teach you? From last week's expo, see what some Northeastern COS students had to say about their experiences! #iheartcoop, "Above all, the Department's ratings should take into consideration the specific mission of the many different types of institutions serving traditional and non-traditional students in order to reflect and make meaningful the broad diversity of the various sectors.", Despite an outstanding performance, the Huskies fell short in its bid for a fifth Beanpot title in a 4-1 loss to Boston College last night. http://bit.ly/1bRpnuJ, Not all Huskies are in Boston, but that doesn't mean you need to miss out on Beanpot excitement. With watch parties from New York to Seattle, where in the world will you be tuning into the Beanpot Championship game from?, Helping pediatric burn victims in China, adding to an eco-village's infrastructure in Costa Rica, working on a Hollywood movie in South Africa. There were just some of the unique experiences students shared with their peers at the International Co-op Fair., The Huskies will take on BC in the Beanpot Tournament championship game tonight at TD Garden at 7:30 p.m. in their quest to secure their first Beanpot title in 26 years., Darshit Saraiya, right, MCS'15, spoke with Amita Parekh, business development manager at Nobel Consulting Group on Thursday at the Spring 2014 Career Fair in the Cabot Field House. About 2,000 students went to the fair to meet with more than 170 employers. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Obama's presidency has polarized the public's views on race, say Northeastern professors Amilcar Barreto and Richard D. O'Bryant, whose new book explores this issue from a range of perspectives., Husky Nation is abuzz tweeting about  #iheartcoop. Here's what people were saying this week http://bit.ly/MzNe9h, Northeastern kicked off Black History Month this past Monday. Make sure you don’t miss out on any of the events happening all February long http://bit.ly/1cayPGj , Five simple things you can do to make sure your private online data stays private. http://bit.ly/1garWrr, Let the games begin! Philip D'Agati, who specializes in Olympics and politics, is most looking forward to watching the men's hockey tournament. What Winter Olympic Event are you most excited for in Sochi? http://bit.ly/1ixv2rv , You tweeted. We listened. Check out this week’s Tweets of the Week, featuring Husky snow sculptures, the Beanpot, and the Empower Trip Contest! http://bit.ly/1aDhquJ, There's still time to register for Giving with Purpose, Northeastern and Learning by Giving's MOOC, which prepares students to be better givers and to be better engaged with nonprofit organizations. 
http://bit.ly/1lDyfuq, Big things ahead for @Northeastern University Marine Science Center and the Ocean Genome Legacy! Tune into WGBH's Greater Boston tonight at 7 p.m.
http://bit.ly/1g6YW3X, "We discovered that many people have the dream to go flying, but don’t know where to start.” Cue Flytenow. http://bit.ly/1jipUKY, Not just Peeta and Katniss, bacterium face their own Hunger Games in their tough microscopic world. Find out what it means for us! http://bit.ly/1fytESX, Want the chance to work and live abroad but aren't sure where to start? Come check out the International Co-op fair TODAY at Curry from 6-8 p.m. http://bit.ly/1nWPVQo , Keeping it in the family: Athletes on #Northeastern sports teams boast Husky pride and family pride. The Sinclair sisters are one example. Fraternal twins, these girls are known for their speed and feisty attitudes on Northeastern women’s soccer  http://bit.ly/Mv0NpW, Northeastern ISSI kicked off Carnevale 2014 on Monday evening, beginning a two-month celebration of the campus’ cultural diversity., The two-time defending Women’s Beanpot champions will look to make it three straight next Tuesday., While “She Blinded Me With Science” may be Thomas Dolby’s claim to mainstream fame, it’s his intellectual interest in music that our science writer found most compelling., The National Weather Service is predicting several inches of snow for the greater Boston area starting in the early Wednesday morning hours. The snowfall is expected to fall throughout the day and into mid-afternoon, making the morning and afternoon commutes very difficult.
 
Due to the timing of this storm's progression, day and evening classes on Wednesday, February 5th will be cancelled and administrative offices will be closed. The safety of our community is our top priority, and keeping non-essential operations closed will ensure that our facilities crews can manage the effects of the storm and maintain a safe campus. 
 
Online classes remain unaffected and will continue to be accessible to students. Our graduate campuses in Charlotte, NC and Seattle, WA will remain open.
 
Dining halls - International Village and Stetson East will continue to operate as usual. Retail locations will be closed on Wednesday.
 
Study, Recreation - The Library and Curry will remain open and Marino will open at 8:00 a.m. on Wednesday.
 
Events - Men's basketball game at Matthews Arena on Wednesday evening will go on as scheduled.
 
We are closely monitoring the weather and will notify the campus community via email, social media and the university homepage as the storm progresses. All updates and information can also be found at www.northeastern.edu/emergency, Eighty seven percent of 2012 graduates who are employed full time are doing work related to their major. #iheartcoop, Goalie Clay Witt stopped all 27 Harvard shots and the men's hockey team won 6-0 last night to advance to next week's Beanpot title game., The snow begins to fall upon stu­dents yesterday as they make their way past the Northeastern University School of Law's Knowles Center. The Boston area is expected to get a bigger storm on Wednesday and another one this weekend. Photo by Mariah Tauger., The Empower Campaign is launching its global tour this spring, and is looking for students like you to travel along., Virtual humans, relational robots, brain imaging devices, and mobile eye-tracking technologies: the next wave of innovative technologies that explore the intersection of emotion science and technology., The state's Committee to Reduce Firearm Violence, chaired by Northeastern's Jack McDevitt, released a report outlining strategies to bolster Massachusetts' already strong gun laws., A new temporary light installation designed by faculty is part of a state transportation project to transform a forgotten piece of land under I-93 into a multi-modal link between two Boston communities., This is who we are. #iheartcoop, Here are five storylines to follow as you cheer on the men's and women's hockey teams in the annual Beanpot Tournament., "Everybody was saying they wouldn't be here today if not for this research," said Ghayad, a doctoral candidate of economics who was invited to the meeting by Gene Sperling, the president's national economics advisor. "I never thought my work would be so interesting to other people.", The Northeastern University Seattle campus held a rally on Friday to celebrate the Seahawks playing in the Super Bowl yesterday., Tell us about your #iheartcoop story on Twitter, and hear from other students about their experience: http://bit.ly/MzNe9h, Connecting small-plane pilots with flight enthusiasts to make flying more accessible and affordable., Starting today, the four Beanpot schools – Northeastern, BU, BC and Harvard – will compete for more than just glory on the ice., "We must realize that none of us is free so long as many of us are without adequate education, without adequate healthcare, without personal safety, without food, without a reliable and inclusive democracy.", What's your #iheartcoop story?, Northeastern students' leadership was on display during Global Entrepreneurship Week and is a driving force in initiatives such as IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator., Facing a fractured Congress and the forthcoming midterm elections, President Obama declared he would act unilaterally when necessary – the implications of which remain to be seen., Did you know that Northeastern offers 54 online and hybrid degree programs that include co-op and other experiential learning opportunities?, A panel of inspiring women from companies that focus on renewable energy, climate change, and sustainability urged students and industry professionals to seize opportunities in rapidly-growing green industries., Tell us about your co-op with #iheartcoop, and read about other student experiences here: http://bit.ly/MzNe9h, We at Northeastern are loving the co-op themed tweets this week! Tell us about your experience with #iheartcoop!
, "The changes in the higher education landscape – the changing student population and learning breakthroughs – offer colleges an opportunity to shift to a personalized, student-centered model that will produce better outcomes for graduates, including more high-quality jobs," writes President Aoun in response to last night's State of the Union address., People are seen from below on the second level of the Curry Student Center food court. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "2013 was the best year of my life," says Kendall Coyne, a sharpshooting forward for Northeastern hockey. Can she top it by helping Team USA win gold at the Olympics for the first time since 1998?, Northeastern is part of an international consortium working to make all data from the field of high-energy particle physics available to the public., "My experience with co-op has given me the opportunity to figure out what field is the best fit," said Anthony Turner, who recently returned from a co-op at the Scottish Parliament. "When the time comes, the most important thing to me is to make a difference.", Chemistry professor Michael Pollastri left Big Pharma for a more noble cause: finding a cure for neglected tropical diseases., For us, it's easy being green. Northeastern's long-standing commitment to sustainability has once again garnered global acclaim., Over the past seven years, Northeastern has appointed 387 tenured and tenure-track faculty members from around the world., What did you do this weekend? More than 100 Northeastern students and community members were busy developing brand new games as part of Global Game Jam., In addition to Witt's individual honor, the Huskies have jumped up to #10 in the national rankings released Monday for the first time in nearly five years., "Being on a project with such far-reaching applications has shown me that I want to be in a career that is closely linked with the excitement and the progress that innovation in science holds.", Commercial space flight. Empowering foster children. Human emotion and social resilience. These were among the many topics speakers explored at TEDxNortheasternU., A groundbreaking book written by Distinguished Professor Carla Kaplan documents six white women who played key roles in the Harlem Renaissance., The Huskies shot a season-best 53 percent from beyond the arc en route to a 70-57 win on Saturday., Jonny Gomes, John Farrell, and Ben Cherington: Red Sox fans packed Blackman this week for "Red Sox on Campus,"and got the inside scoop on the team's upcoming season., How do you know that you know something?, "50 Years Forward," snowy campus shots, and inspiring athletic stories were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Nearly 500 sites around the world in 66 countries. Over 3,000 games created last year. Huskies, don't miss out, be one of the 17,000 participants in this weekend's Global Game Jam!, There has been a 108% increase since 2006 in the number of countries where Northeastern offered experiential learning opportunities., Students were bundled up as they made their way past Kariotis Hall on a bitterly cold winter day Wednesday as temperatures hovered in the mid-teens with windchill just above zero. The frigid temperatures are expected to continue the rest of the week. Photo by Brooks Canaday., What do snowflakes and nanoscale research have in common? A new theory of nanorod crystal growth – which could be a game-changer and have implications for commercial products., "Terrorists have both the will and a way" of attacking civilians at the Winter Olympics, says Max Abrahms, a terrorism theorist and assistant professor of political science. Nevertheless, he said, "Let the Games go on.", Sophomore David Walker hit a 30-foot three pointer as time expired to lift the men's basketball team to a 57-54 win at Towson last night., Sir Richard Roberts received the Nobel Prize in 1993 for his discovery of split genes – research that profoundly changed the world's understanding of animal life and started a revolution in molecular biology and genetic engineering., "Working as a DJ across Europe for eight years has taught me about the performance side of the industry, but this co-op exposed me to a whole other side that I wasn't aware of.", Northeastern will host its annual student ticket sale for the 62nd annual Beanpot Tournament this Saturday. Grab your tickets and watch the Huskies as they look to capture their fifth Beanpot championship!, The innovative new lab provides curricula, programming, and events designed to empower social change and includes a re-launch of "Giving With Purpose," the world's first MOOC focusing on effective charitable giving., Northeastern has seen a 271% increase since 2006 in the number of patent applications filed by faculty and students, with 189 patent applications filed in 2012-2013., Several inches of snow are predicted for the greater Boston area overnight. The university is canceling all Boston-based classes that begin today at 4:30 p.m. or after. Tomorrow morning (Wednesday), the Boston campus will have a delayed opening – classes scheduled to start before 10:00 a.m. are canceled and business offices will open at 10:00 a.m.

Marino is open until 1:00 a.m. and SquashBusters will close at 6:00 p.m. today. Dining facilities, Curry Student Center and Snell Library will continue to operate as usual.

Online classes will continue as scheduled today and tomorrow, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses., People tend to adopt risky behaviors after getting vaccinated against transmissible diseases, but how does this behavior affect the spread of infections?, Northeastern's top crystal growth connoisseur let's you in on what is really behind the beautiful ice crystal patterns that form on parked cars., The National Weather Service is predicting several inches of snow for the greater Boston area overnight. The snowfall is expected to start this evening after 4 pm. The university is canceling all Boston-based classes that begin at 4:30 p.m. or after today. Online classes will continue as scheduled, as will all activities at our Charlotte and Seattle campuses. 
 
We are closely monitoring the weather and will notify the campus community via email, social media and the university homepage as the storm progresses., Life in Husky Nation is about more than your day job. Here are some stories of pretty exciting second lives, beyond the Northeastern campus., In a campus lecture on Friday, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Douglas Blackmon said he writes about African American slavery because it's a way to infuse personality into stories that were originally written in dehumanizing ways., Anjimile's beautiful cover of Avicii/Aloe Blacc's Wake Me Up. She accompanied sand artist Charlene Lanzel. , The forward line has meshed together seamlessly, and their contributions to the team's success have been paramount., Come watch the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship game with your fellow Huskies at 3 PM on Sunday. The game will be shown in three different areas of the student center, and food will be provided!, A game developed by Northeastern students uses the Guitar Hero controller in an innovative way, and earned the team the only student-award at the annual Boston Festival of Indie Games., Kelly Wallace of the women's hockey team has been nominated for the Hockey Humanitarian Award, presented annually to college hockey's finest citizen., null, "We're here to celebrate and honor the legacy of those who have gone before us, those who have fought for the rights and freedoms of all Americans.", Alexis Ohanian, who Forbes dubbed "The Mayor of the Internet," encourages students to use the Internet to spread their ideas, even during a lecture., Over the past seven years, Northeastern has made the greatest leap in the U.S. News & World Report ranking of any university – from 98 in 2007 to 49 in 2014., The John D. O'Bryant African American Institute celebrated the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. yesterday, the day that would have marked the civil rights leader's 85th birthday., President Aoun's participation underscores his leadership on addressing higher education's most pressing issues on a national stage. , Join us today for "A Tribute to the Dream," part of our 50 Years Forward event series, taking place at 4 p.m. today in the Curry ballroom. The event this afternoon will feature student musical performances and a conversation with civil rights pioneer Bob Moses., Northeastern is changing the global service game with its South African Dialogue of Civilizations program through the Social Enterprise Institute., What do you call crowdsourcing that's gone awry? "Crowdturfing," says computer and information science professor Christo Wilson., What started as a hiking trip on Mount Washington took a sudden turn when Conor Lodge was swept away on a wave of snow., Sneak peak: Kwesi Abakah, of the men's basketball team, and student a cappella group Distilled Harmony are "Feeling Good" as they rehearse for tomorrow's special event, "50 Years Forward: A Tribute to the Dream.", "We who engage in nonviolent direct action are not the creators of tension. We merely bring to the surface hidden tension that is already alive." Northeastern, please join us tomorrow as we celebrate the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. http://bit.ly/1d4TqhL, Want to work with a startup? Tonight, students can hear from IDEA ventures and sign up to interview with them for the chance at a semester-long partnership through the Entrepreneurship Immersion Program., Did you know that Northeastern offers 23 Living Learning Communities—themed on-campus residences—to freshmen? Themes range from science and sustainability to globalization and creative expression., Lunchtime provided Audra Richards, SSH'14, a unique take on global security while she worked on international co-op in Israel last year., From New Zealand to Hawaii, you can be one of over 17,000 participating in this year's Global Game Jam., Imagine a cell phone twice as small with longer battery time and better performance. It can be done thanks to groundbreaking research from Northeastern University College of Engineering professor Nian Sun., A new collaboration between IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator and Northeastern University School of Law's Community Business Clinic offers Boston-based entrepreneurs support and free business and legal advice., Tonight Alexis Ohanian, who has successfully launched multiple startups, will discuss his experience founding reddit at the Entrepreneurs Club Kickoff event., Fiscal policy, bubbles, and employment are three things to keep an eye on this year, according to economics professor John Kwoka., From Hollywood to the United Nations, these five students and recent graduates are on the fast track to success., "Mayor of the Internet" Alexis Ohanian will be speaking about his experience founding reddit, as well as his new book, "Without Their Permission." Alexis will also be signing books after the meeting!, Be one of the first 1,000 Huskies at the basketball game tonight and score a Paws bobble head!, Congratulations to the men's hockey team, who battled through sloppy conditions to secure their first-ever outdoor win Saturday afternoon at Fenway Park., Students made their way between classes on the first day of the spring semester as unseasonably high temperatures and rain washed away the snow from Hercules. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Here's a surprising consequence of ultra-low temperatures: Human hands are incapable of applying the pressure needed to create a snowball., Get ready for some outdoor hockey! The men's hockey team will face UMass Lowell at Fenway Park tomorrow at noon as part of Frozen Fenway 2014. Are you going to the game?, Looking to quit smoking in 2014? One strategy recommended by University Health and Counseling Services: Pick one reason that is strong enough to outweigh the urge to light up., The average American uses 176 gallons of water per day compared to five for the average African. Will water be the next determinant of global conflict? Find out this semester as part of the Myra Kraft Open Classroom series., The polar vortex does not disprove climate change. Indeed, no single cold snap, no matter how freezing it may be out there, says all that much about global warming…or even global "weirding," as some like to call it., Recent work from biology professor Kim Lewis promises to overcome one of the leading public health threats of our time: MRSA. The disease's resistance to antibiotics has kept it one step ahead of researchers – until now., How can Northeastern reinvent healthcare delivery? Motivate people with mobile technologies, gather and analyze data from the industry, and make computerized healthcare a reality., One of the simplest things you can do to reduce stress in your life is to take five minutes out of your day to do absolutely nothing., Students dressed for the frigid weather as they trekked between classes Wednesday, as temperatures remained in the teens with the windchill approaching zero degrees. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Ninety percent of our graduates from 2006 through 2012 were employed full time or enrolled in graduate school within nine months of graduation., Registration for Winter 2014 intramural sports, such as dodgeball, broomball and kickball, is available until Tuesday, Jan.14, at 3 p.m. Sign up today!, Hochiang Wang performed for eight years in the Marine Corps music program. Now at Northeastern, he's working to help increase veterans awareness on campus., The holidays are over, and it's time to practice a little fiscal responsibility. Here are five money management tips to improve your financial fitness in 2014 from associate professor Coleen Pantalone., "The new department is poised to flourish as an interdisciplinary and collaborative environment for our students, our researchers, and our external partners in the bioengineering domain.", "It really is the culmination of the previous awards that I've received," said electrical engineering professor emeritus John Proakis, who began his Northeastern career more than four decades ago., Last year, 11,735 students participated in more than 320 campus organizations. What student groups are you a part of?, One of the most common New Year's resolutions is to eat healthier. Here, Christine Clark, dietitian for Northeastern Dining, offers five strategies for improving your eating habits and overall health in 2014., A new smart Bike called iBAPS promises accident prevention thanks to a personal virtual bike lane created by lasers and equipped with sensors., Students made their way between classes on Monday, the first day of the spring semester, as unseasonably high temperatures and rain washed away the snow from last week's storm. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Kendall Coyne, who has suited up for Team USA since 2010, will be making her first Olympic appearance this February with the U.S. Women's National Team., Looking to slim down or build a fitter physique in 2014? Then follow these tips from Northeastern fitness guru Greg Cloutier., If you grew up in the Northeast, you know that there are good days for making snowballs and there are bad days for making snowballs. Find out why from Northeastern COS' Dean Murray Gibson., Time-lapse videos of Krentzman Quad and Centennial Common capture last week's snowstorm on campus, which dumped more than a foot of snow in Boston., The Northeastern campus is fully operational and safe thanks to the efforts of our facilities crews. All events scheduled for Saturday and Sunday will go on as planned. Offices normally open on Saturday and Sunday will resume business as usual. Classes and all other activities will resume on Monday as scheduled.
 
Reminders:

Student move-in – new student orientation for undergraduate students is scheduled for 1:00 p.m. on Saturday with check-in at Frost Lounge. Please check www.northeastern.edu/ orientation for additional updates.
 
Recreation – Marino is open until 10:00 p.m. tonight. Cabot and Badger/Rosen remain closed today.
 
Study – Speare Commons remains open 24/7. Snell Library will open at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow (Saturday)
 
Dining – INV and Stetson are open today (Friday)
 
Northeastern's Charlotte, North Carolina and Seattle, Washington campuses will remain open.
 
COLD WEATHER SAFETY TIPS
 
As temperatures remain below freezing with significant wind chill factors, University Health and Counseling Services has the following tips to keep warm and stay safe.
 
Dress warmly. Wool is better than cotton. 
Wear a hat, a scarf or knit mask to cover the face and mouth, sleeves that are snug at the wrist, mittens (they are warmer than gloves), water-resistant coat and boots (no flip flops), and several layers of loose fitting clothing.
Minimize outside activities as exposure can lead to frostbite. Seek medical care if you think you have frostbite.  
For students living off campus:
 
Keep the thermostat set to the same temperature both during the day and at night.
Think twice about using alternate heating sources. These can be dangerous if not used properly. When utilizing alternate heating sources, such as your fireplace, wood stove, or space heater, take the necessary safety precautions.  Keep the heat sources 3-feet away from anything that can catch fire. Turn off space heaters when going to bed or leaving the house.
Know where to find the fire extinguisher; ensuring everyone knows how to use it properly. Test smoke alarms and carbon monoxide (CO) detectors.
Be a good neighbor. Check with elderly or relatives and friends who may need additional assistance to ensure their safety.
Northeastern's emergency website includes all weather-related updates. www.northeastern.edu/emergency, The university remains closed this afternoon and tomorrow (Friday) as the snowstorm is expected to continue throughout the morning hours. The safety of our community is our top priority, and keeping non-essential operations closed will ensure that our facilities crews can manage the effects of the storm and maintain a safe campus. 

Additional updates:

Student move-in – new student orientation is rescheduled to 1:00 on Saturday with check in at Frost Lounge. Please check www.northeastern.edu/orientation for additional updates.
 
Recreation – Marino is open until 8:00 p.m. tonight (Thursday) and will be open from noon to 10:00 p.m. tomorrow (Friday). Cabot and Badger/Rosen remain closed today and tomorrow.
 
Study – Speare Commons remains open24/7. Snell Library will open at 9:00 a.m. Saturday. 
 
Dining – INV and Stetson remain open today (Thursday) and tomorrow (Friday)
 
All other campus events will go on as scheduled on Saturday and Sunday. Northeastern's Charlotte, North Carolina and Seattle, Washington campuses will remain open., Looking to kick start your New Year's resolution? Make sure you check out the updated campus recreation facilities hours first., New England saw heavy doses of snow last year, and it looks like we may be on track for that again. Here are some tips from last February for safe snow shoveling to avoid injuries., The significant snowstorm underway is expected to result in more than a foot of snow in the greater Boston area. To ensure the safety of our faculty and staff — and in accordance with state and local government recommendations — the university will close at 2 p.m. today (Thursday). 

The university will be CLOSED tomorrow (Friday) as the storm is expected to continue throughout the morning hours. The safety of our community is our top priority, and keeping non-essential operations closed will ensure that our facilities crews can manage the effects of the storm and maintain a safe campus.
 
Student move-in will continue as scheduled; dining services and residence halls will continue to be fully operational throughout today and Friday. All campus events will go on as scheduled on Saturday and Sunday. Northeastern's Charlotte, North Carolina and Seattle, Washington campuses will remain open.
 
Parents and new students should also refer to www.northeastern.edu/orientation for additional updates related to move-in.
 
We are closely monitoring the forecast and will continue to update the university community on important developments through various channels, including email, text message, social media, and the university homepage. Please monitor Northeastern's emergency website where all weather-related updates will be posted as well. bit.ly/NUAlert, Are the Huskies ready for Hercules? Here's a look back at what campus looked like covered in a fresh blanket of snow last January., The National Weather Service is forecasting a strong winter snowstorm to develop over the next 36 hours, resulting in significant snow accumulation for the Greater Boston area. The snow fall is expected to intensify throughout Thursday afternoon. Northeastern University will be OPEN on Thursday. Please watch for our updates regarding the afternoon schedules and commute.

We are closely monitoring the forecast and will continue to update the university community throughout Thursday on important developments through various channels, including email, text message and the university homepage. Please monitor the emergency website where all new weather-related updates will be posted as well., The news@Northeastern will be back in 2014. Have a wonderful and safe winter break, Husky Nation!, Northeastern's Year in Photos: a brief glimpse of what 2013 had in store for our campus. Check out more photos from this gallery here: http://www.northeastern.edu/news/2013/12/year-in-photographs-2013/, Northeastern student Michael Coppola doesn't spend his free time in front of a TV. Instead, he's reverse engineering the Furby to find out what makes them tick., Ready for a 2013 rewind? Here's a look back at some of news@Northeastern's coverage this past year – from groundbreaking research and students' global co-ops, to faculty profiles and memorable campus events., "The fact that criminals have gained access to up to 40 million credit and debit card numbers in one single security incident is something that has not been very common until now.", Left alone to chill on campus for holiday break... #Northeastern Huskies! Where are you spending your holiday break away from campus? Tell us in a comment below and post a photo using #huskybreak. http://instagram.com/p/iKEGhXuH3N/, From left, Charlotte Nelson, recruitment coordinator in the Cooperative Education and Career Development Office, and Lexie Roberts, a retired Student Affairs Office staff member, attend the opening reception for the 50 Years Forward Gallery 360 exhibit on Thursday. The exhibit features portraits and other photographs from the civil rights movement taken from the University Libraries' Archives and Special Collections. The exhibit is part of the yearlong "50 Years Forward" series, presented by the Office of Student Affairs and the College of Social Sciences and Humanities. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Early action admissions decisions, campus in the snow, and alumni success stories were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., Huskies, what are your favorite moments from the past year? Here's a look back at some of the top images of 2013 at Northeastern., For Huskies looking to get a jump on next semester, Snell Library will be closed over break, but Speare Commons will be open as an alternative work and study space., Northeastern has seen a 102 percent increase in annual external research funding since 2006; a total of $98.1 million in 2013., As the current group of Huskies continues its challenging non-conference schedule, here's a look at the success former Northeastern players are having this season in professional basketball., In celebration of the 50th anniversary of the landmark Civil Rights Act, the Northeastern community is coming together to honor the hundreds of thousands of people who have fought for equality and justice., A Northeastern report presents a comprehensive analysis of the Massachusetts Prevention and Wellness Trust, an alternative approach to supporting public healthcare activities that could serve as a national model., Students travel across the snow covered campus after Winter Storm Falco, which dropped over six inches of snow on Boston. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Over the last two decades, RE-SEED has trained more than 700 volunteers-many of whom are Northeastern alumni-who have worked with at least 125,000 students in 14 different states., Northeastern students are reinventing healthcare by developing innovative Google Glass applications., The Nor'easters, Northeastern's award-winning student a cappella group, got the surprise of a lifetime on Sunday when the young vocalists got the opportunity to sing a holiday song for President Barack Obama and the first lady., The Huskies' mascot Paws digs into the snow outside the visitor center Tuesday afternoon during the storm. Photo by Brooks Canaday., In his role at the Consulate General of Israel to New England, Northeastern alum Ross Parker maintains his office's interactions with local politicians and media., Students pass by the Bernard M. Gordon Tribute to Engineering Leadership interactive archway last week on a snowy morning. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Staying around campus during the break? Be sure to check the updated dining facility hours!, Fifty-one percent of 2012 graduates received a job offer from a previous co-op employer. Are you currently working where you co-oped?, Fish Your Food – literally. Kelsey Julius is harnessing the power of a new urban farming technique called aquaponics, which uses fish waste to grow organic produce., The outlook may not be good for Gronkowski's ACL and MCL tears, but nanomedicine could change the playing field for future athletes like him., Searching for that elusive parking spot – especially one in the city – can be infuriating and time consuming. Check out the crowdsourcing application an alum has come up with to help you get your car Parqt., Seventh- and eight-grade students at the Driscoll School in Brookline visited Northeastern's Human Performance and Exercise Laboratory, directed by associate professor Carmen Sceppa and located in the Behrakis Health Sciences Center, on Friday as part of the school's "Science Solstice" program. Students participated in a series of measured physical fitness tests to learn about the science of exercise. Gregory Cloutier, project manager in the Bouve College of Health Sciences, instructs students on how to use a grip strength measurement device, which can gauge overall strength. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Imagine operating whole-body vibrating, heavy-duty machinery and vehicles all day. How do you think your body would feel? Professor Jack Dennerlein is exploring the impact of such work and how we can better understand the mechanisms of injury behind it., Law Professor Daniel Medwed doesn't expect "affluenza" to become "affluential" in legal circles., From social media contests, television appearances, anchoring news broadcasts, and Dodge commercials, Ron Burgundy is everywhere. Check out what professor Bruce Clark has to say about the innovative strategy., "I hope the world remembers him as one of the greatest leaders it has ever had.", Going global: Northeastern has 2,935 co-op employers in the U.S. and around the world., Approximately 50 percent of the nursing home population suffers from dementia, and every dementia patient requires a nuanced form of care., "In recent years, I'd say many have come to ignore the church's rhetoric because they've felt it's been out of touch with the modern world. Now, with Pope Francis, people's ears are opening up again.", A reminder to please join us today at noon in the Sacred Space for a special ceremony celebrating the life of Nelson Mandela., Please join us tomorrow at noon in the Sacred Space for a special ceremony celebrating the life of Nelson Mandela., Citing his more than three dozen approved or pending patents, professor Constantinos Mavroidis has been elected to the National Academy of Inventors., Dressed in Superman, of "Study Man," pajamas for finals week, Hieu Nguyen, BHS'15, took a break from studying yesterday to "build-a-Husky" during a de-stressing event sponsored by the Resident Student Association outside of Snell Library. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "It was great to see students from different programs and backgrounds leveraging the unique features of Glass to address a variety of health and well-being issues.", Undergraduate student Kaya Simmons has developed a DIY thermal mapping tool for detecting pollution in the Gowanus Canal in his hometown of Brooklyn., Lab Tested: There has been a 62 percent increase since 2006 in the number of undergraduate student research projects that receive funding from the Office of the Provost., Find out which gingerbread houses won first, second, and third place in this year's competition!, The aesthetic beauty embodied by new research from associate professor of physics Latika Menon is the very thing that makes it useful for a range of advanced technologies., Northeastern students have curated two exhibits for the Our Marathon archive, and presented their work last Thursday at the Forum Restaurant on Boylston., With a half an hour to spare before his final exam in Chinese on Tuesday, Thomas McKeen, SSH'17, crams in some last minute information inside Ryder Hall. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Relive the sights and sounds from last month's Empowerfest, which brought together the Northeastern community to celebrate its history and showcase the exciting faculty and student endeavors underway., Professor Rupal Patel invites you to donate your voice to the voiceless at VocaliD.org., President Joseph E. Aoun, left, shakes hands with Joe D'Entremont, president of the Massachusetts chapter of Rolling Thunder, at a ceremony Friday at Matthews Arena unveiling a memorial recognizing U.S. soldiers missing in action and prisoners of war., Kara Miller, host of WGBH radio's Innovation Hub, says it's one part desire for fame, one part necessity., Northeastern faculty reflect on the legacy of South African civil rights leader Nelson Mandela., Studying for finals, the annual gingerbread house construction contest, and Northeastern's newly announced science and engineering research complex were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week., It's finals time, Huskies! Fuel yourself with these foods proven to help your brain perform well!, Students stock up on candy during the 13th annual Gingerbread House Construction Contest in Stetson West. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The 2013 Teddy Bear Toss: Fans attending tonight's men's hockey game are encouraged to bring a stuffed animal to Matthews Arena, where they can throw their stuffed animals onto the ice during the first intermission. Their goal is to collect 1,000 teddy bears to be distributed to local area children's charities., The memorial, which features a black chair along with a plaque bearing the message "You Are Not Forgotten," is the first of its kind to be installed in an indoor arena at a U.S. college or university., "He endured deep personal tragedies, lost the joys of family life, and all of it he accepted, giving us back his smile, his hope in human possibility, and his belief in 'Ubuntu.'", Today the world lost a beloved leader. Nelson Mandela's legacy in Africa and around the world were analyzed this summer by Kwamina Panford, associate professor of African American Studies, after the anti-apartheid activist's 95th birthday., Networked for life: Northeastern has 26 domestic and 8 international alumni chapters; a 143 % increase since 2006., Yesterday, President Aoun sat down with Richard Saul Wurman, TED conference creator and CAMD professor to discuss the complexities of learning and the future of higher education., Scheduled for completion in fall 2016, the new complex will provide 220,000 square feet of research and educational space and is part of the university's ongoing effort to expand its capacity to engage in ground-breaking research across disciplines., Northeastern professor Rupal Patel will speak at TEDWomen in San Francisco today on her groundbreaking work developing synthetic voices for people with speech disorders. Watch it live in the Behrakis Center at 5:30 p.m., Whether the product is razor blades or rum, here's the recipe for successful companies: Combine one part product performance with one part consumer insights to build brand loyalty. Shake vigorously., Northeastern has joined forces with local nonprofit 826 Boston to establish a writing center that provides students with everything from help with college essays to a quiet space for creative writing., Some 1.1 million people in the U.S. are currently living with HIV, but only 25 percent receive ongoing medical care to keep the virus under control., A Northeastern professor wondered if he could do something useful with the 32 million tons of waste plastics generate by the U.S. each year. The answer, he found, was yes., Tonight at 5:30, President Aoun will join Richard Saul Wurman, the founder of the TED conference, for an improvisational conversation in the form of "intellectual jazz.", Join us in the Xhibition Kitchen at noon for a free cooking demo and cookbook signing with Boston's sweetest chef and owner of Flour Bakery + Café, Joanne Chang., Tune in at 8:10 AM for the next installment in our CEO Breakfast Series featuring President Aoun and Ed Shirley, President and CEO of Bacardi. Submit your questions for Ed by posting below, or on Twitter with #NUCEO, and be sure to tune into the live stream., Huskies are on the top of their game: 173 varsity athlete's made the Dean's List with a GPA of at least 3.5 in 2012-2013., A decade ago it cost $100 million to sequence a single genome. Now, new tools and technologies have reduced the cost of genome sequencing to about $10,000 – a price that continues to fall., Huskies, we want to hear your feedback and suggestions on Snell Library's recent upgrades. Take the survey below before Friday and make your voice heard., Tomorrow at 8:10 AM, Ed Shirley, President and CEO of Bacardi, takes the hot seat in our CEO Breakfast Series. What would you ask the President and CEO of the largest family-owned spirits company in the world? Submit your questions by posting below, or on Twitter with #NUCEO, and be sure to tune into the live stream., A student walks through West Village, reflected in a portion of "Homage to Galileo," a sculpture by artist David Bakalar. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern professors have teamed up with Fabien Cousteau to lead Mission 31 – a 31-day research operation on the ocean floor off Florida's coast., At last night's Profiles in Innovation Presidential Speaker Series, cell biologist Jeanne Lawrence described her journey to silencing the extra copy of chromosome 21, which is responsible for Down syndrome., As winter nears, ice begins to form on the pond outside of the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., After falling behind 2-0 midway through the second period, the Huskies stormed back to capture the Shillelagh Tournament on Saturday night., HIV/AIDS has evolved as a virus to evade our first line of immune defense, but new research from physics professor Mark Williams has the potential to transform HIV drug discovery., What would happen if hazardous biological research accidentally escaped the lab?, Tonight, President Aoun will sit down with Dr. Jeanne Lawrence to discuss her discovery, innovations in genetic research, and the future of Down syndrome therapy. Submit your questions for Dr. Lawrence below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., Join us today at 3:30 p.m., as Northeastern hosts a celebration of World AIDS Day to explore HIV/AIDS education and prevention. During the event, participants will discuss issues, research, and other efforts surrounding the global epidemic., Please join us tomorrow at 3:30 PM for our World AIDS Day Celebration as we unite in the fight against HIV. You can join this important discussion too by using #WAD2013 on Twitter and Facebook., What does it take to be a disruptor? Tomorrow at 5 p.m., President Aoun will sit down for a candid conversation with Dr. Jeanne Lawrence, whose medical breakthrough has set the scientific world abuzz. Submit your questions for Dr. Lawrence below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., Need to get fit for the slopes? Check out these tips from Greg Cloutier, the project man­ager for the Human Per­for­mance and Exer­cise Sci­ence Lab­o­ra­tory in the Bouvé Col­lege of Health Sci­ences., Have a happy happy Thanksgiving, filled with family, friends, hugs and laughter and delicious food made with love., Hear from some of Northeastern's international students about their plans for Thanksgiving, what they know about the American holiday's traditions, and what dishes they're most excited about., From left, chemical engineering students Jennifer Langh, Melanie Guerin, both E'16, and Julia Baker, E'15, record squirt-gun shot distances while testing the effects of polymers on water resistance as part of their Transport 1 Chemical Engineering lab. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Although it was their first time building a computer from scratch, that didn't stop two engineering students from taking first place an intercollegiate supercomputing competition., Two hundred international students, faculty and staff with the International Student and Scholar Institute sat down for a typical Thanksgiving dinner of turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy and green beans – with a side of history about this traditional American holiday., In recognition of his efforts to advance science, President Aoun has been elected a fellow of The American Association for Advancement in Science, the world's largest general scientific society., Monday night!, As part of Global Entrepreneurship Week, student innovators and entrepreneurs showcased their ventures and inventive products at NEXPO and Demo Day., Northeastern students have performed more than 1,007,500 community service hours since 2006. What do you have planned for service in 2014?, A recent study by two Northeastern researchers suggests that the pay differential between CEOs and regular workers motivates employees to work harder, especially at smaller companies., A student walks through West Village, reflected in a portion of "Homage to Galileo," a sculpture by artist David Bakalar. Photo by Brooks Canaday., So…for better or worse, the Word of the Year is "selfie!" Why not celebrate this social phenomena by seeking out the most creative holiday-themed "selflies" that the Northeastern community has to offer? Today through the New Year share your holiday cheer using #NUHolidaySelfie, and stay tuned for the winner in January!, Watch the making of a 60-foot mural at Northeastern Gallery 360. Stop by before January 15th to see Josh Wisdumb Spivack's unique exhibit., Northeastern's Infectious Texts project sheds light on how things went "viral" before the internet: Hear more from English professor Ryan Cordell., "We're on a course toward fully automating warfare. Who in his right mind would automate the decision to kill?", Join us tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. for a presentation by Alan Guttmacher, M.D., director for the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Development at the National Institutes of Health, as he speaks about the future of biomedical research., Hear what Global Entrepreneurship Week speakers had to say in a round-up of quotes from last week's events., Learn more about Global Entrepreneurship Week's resounding success at Northeastern – from new ventures at Demo Day and NEXPO, to advice from entrepreneurs for young innovators., "The president has been shot," was what Northeastern alum Kenneth Scola saw come across the wires on November 22, 1963, when he was on co-op as a copy boy at the Boston Globe., Northeastern hosted a congressional staff briefing on Capitol Hill yesterday during which a panel of policy experts discussed the implications for reform with regard to the upcoming reauthorization to the Higher Education Act., Have you seen the new street markings on Brighton Avenue? The concept is unprecedented, and was first dreamed up by civil engineering professor Peter Furth., Empowerfest, Global Entrepreneurship Week, and other campus happenings were among our selections for tweets from the Northeastern community this week, the first of a new news@Northeastern feature., Professor Robert Gilbert assesses the legacy of one of the most iconic political figures in American history., The Huskies entered yesterday's game against Georgetown a decided underdog, but came out on top in the first round of the Puerto Rice Tip-Off. Tune in today as they face Charlotte at 2:30 p.m.!, "Experimental results require time and money, and are also harmful to test subjects, so we created a simulation platform that actually models the movement of particles inside the body.", The Northeastern campus in the fall is quite a sight. Check out our Instagram page for other great photos of life at Northeastern! http://instagram.com/northeastern, IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator has provided $194,000 in gap funding to Northeastern entrepreneurs in 2012-2013 – a growth rate of 1,840 percent since its first year, 2009-2010., Backed by a $2.3 million grant, Jerry Hajjar and his team are developing an autonomous low-flying vehicle equipped with laser and video capture technologies capable of providing nearly continuous data about a given structure., Tune in today on ESPNU to see the men's basketball team face Georgetown in the first round of the Puerto Rico Tip-Off at 12:30 p.m. Go Huskies!, Northeastern researchers are developing the world's smallest actuator for use in advanced NASA technologies as well as everyday household robotics., More than a dozen research projects focused on sustainability were on display at the fifth-annual Open Lab Experience and Reception., Northeastern students will teach a community computer skills class as part of Comcast's Internet Essentials program, the nation's largest and most comprehensive broadband-adoption initiative for low-income families., Daryl Ko, a second-year finance major, lends his support to the Typhoon Haiyan relief effort organized by NU Barkada, a student organization that promotes diversity and fellowship by advocating the richness of the Filipino heritage. Find out more about how to support this and other relief efforts. http://neu.orgsync.com/united, Going global: From 2006-2013, Northeastern has placed students in experiential learning opportunities in 114 different countries., From Boston to Tel Aviv to Cape Town, business major Cory Bolotsky has an entrepreneurial spirit that has brought him to all corners of the world., The lab, launched in May, is exploring new avenues for delivering legal assistance and educating lawyers in order for more people to have access to legal services., Northeastern researchers hope that Our Marathon, an online community archive, will also serve as a resource, filling in gaps left by news-media coverage., The Northeastern University School of Nursing and the American Red Cross have formed a first-of-its-kind partnership to equip students, faculty, and alumni with disaster-relief training., Meet Dr. Jeanne Lawrence whose revolutionary discovery in Down syndrome research set the scientific world abuzz. On December 2nd, she will sit down with President Aoun to discuss innovation in medicine., On Thursday, students, faculty, and staff gathered to celebrate the signing of a three-year extension of Santander Universities' support for Northeastern's Bachelor of Science in International Business program., Emily Schuna, a third-year music industry major, was inspired by a co-op experience at a record label in Brooklyn to form an artist collective and produce her own EP – all from a campus residence hall., Pop by the latest Pop Up Open Lab today from 4-6 p.m. in the CSC Ballroom to see faculty research on sustainability-related projects across the disciplines., Empowerfest served as the centerpiece of Homecoming Weekend, which brought together generations of alumni and current students, faculty, and staff to celebrate the university's momentum and show their Northeastern pride., Welcome to Homecoming Weekend and EmpowerFest!, null, For 35 years, Northeastern political science professor William F. S. Miles has traveled to sub-Saharan Africa, the West Indies, the Indian Ocean, and Israel to learn about Jewish culture in those regions, and has penned a new book about his visits., "Build an external brand. Speak at events, write articles, and get to know people outside of your industry.", In a panel discussion on Wednesday, Northeastern faculty and alumni reflected on the personal, public, and political implications of same-sex marriage in America., Want to help break a World Record? Come to Cabot on Sunday to join Kappa Delta Sorority - Northeastern University and Northeastern Athletics as they attempt the Largest Game of Basketball Knockout ever to raise money for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society., Northeastern has added 47 new undergraduate interdisciplinary majors since 2006., With more than 70 films from 17 countries over the six-day festival, Northeastern is excited to co-host the 12th annual Boston Latino International Film Festival., What would you name Northeastern's new 17-story residence hall? Tweet us your ideas using #NameTheNewDorm, or post them below!, Next week, Northeastern will host a series of workshops, venture expos, and other events that celebrate innovators and stimulate entrepreneurial spirit by sharing expertise and inspiring others to create their own startups., The so-called "superbug" MRSA, which affects nearly 1 million Americans each year, has stayed one step ahead of researchers – until now. http://bit.ly/CureForMRSA, Hear what members of Husky nation are excited about and what they think the impact the 3-D Printing Studio in Snell Library will be on Northeastern., A new Northeastern Gallery 360 exhibit by alum Mitch Weiss showcases cities separated by 11 time zones that share surprising similarities., Breaking News: Northeastern Uni­ver­sity Dis­tin­guished Professor of Biology Kim Lewis and his team have discovered a new treatment to cure MRSA. More info: http://bit.ly/CureForMRSA, The next installment of the Conflict. Civility. Respect. Peace: Northeastern Reflects series will focus on landmark court decisions regarding same-sex marriage. The event is tonight at 7 p.m. in the Raytheon Amphitheater., There are 155 National Merit and National Achievement Finalists in the entering fall 2013 class, up from three in the 2006 entering class., Fourth-year student Jeffrey Lee and assistant academic specialist Kathryn Schulte Grahame in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering test and study the properties of construction materials in a Richards Hall laboratory. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "This is a new time in the city," said Josh Zakim, newly elected city councilor for Boston's District 8. "With a new mayor for the first time in 20 years, this is a great opportunity to help shape the future of Boston.", At Monday's ceremony, members of the Northeastern community gathered at the university's Veteran's Memorial, which bears the names of the 289 men and women from Northeastern who gave their lives serving in the military., Congratulations to the women's soccer team on their CAA championship! The Huskies beat James Madison, 3-1, on Sunday to earn their second conference championship and second NCAA berth since joining the CAA in 2005., We honored our veterans today in a moving ceremony., The Huskies, who will face BU on Sunday at TD Garden in their season opener, will count on eight returning players to share the load, from offensive production to on-court leadership., "Buildings are living organisms," says world-renowned architect Moshe Safdie, who discussed his work on Wednesday at Northeastern. "As soon as you finish them, they're bound to change.", Could early life stress and inflammation be linked to neural circuitry problems that give rise to mental illness? Professor Heather Brenhouse is finding out., Huskies: A reminder to join us at 2:30 PM on Monday as we recognize our alumni and student veterans who have served our country., At noon today in the Xhibition Kitchen, come see a cooking demo and meet boundry-breaking L.A. chef Roy Choi, who reinvented street food with his Korean taco., Northeastern has made 387 new tenured/tenure-track faculty hires since 2006, including 55 for 2013-2014., The women's basketball team is eager to unleash its speed, depth, and versatility on its opponents in the 2013-14 season, which begins Friday night against rival BU., If the electoral process were a fine-dining experience, then Tuesday's off-year elections would be the amuse-bouche—a first taste of presidential politics that whets the appetite for the 2016 race to the White House., Join us on the steps of Snell today at noon to celebrate #fallingforboston! See photos taken by you and your fellow Huskies on display and enjoy seasonal treats!, Advances in observational technologies show that populations of bacterial cells are as diverse as any other species, but analytical tools have yet to evolve to deal with this individuality., "The federal government now spends more money on immigration enforcement than on all other federal law enforcement agencies combined.", Please join us on Monday at 2:30 p.m. for our Veterans Day ceremony in recognition of Northeastern alumni and students who served their country with distinction., What do you want to create? Cutting-edge 3-D printing is revolutionizing how we make things – and now you can do it on campus., There are still a few weeks left to experience this semester's Myra Kraft Open Classroom Series, "Policy for a Healthy America," with topics such as why getting healthy is hard, when politicians play doctor, and what US healthcare will look like in 20 years., A victory on penalty kicks Sunday night in the Colonial Athletic Association quarterfinals has the women's soccer team advancing to the semifinals against William & Mary on Friday night., In 2012-2013, 2,566 Northeastern undergraduates had a global learning experience. Where was yours?, Imagine having 24-hours to submit a grant proposal, meet an angel investor, and pitch your business in front of a crowd of other entrepreneurs and investors—all before catching an international flight., You can try this at home, but it's going to be messy! Northeastern researchers use a classic experiment with Diet Coke and Mentos to spotlight nanotechnology as part of the SEMI High Tech University program last week., The next student theatre production, The Phantom Lady, opens tonight at 8 p.m. at the Curry Student Center Theatre and runs through Sunday, Nov. 17., Industrial and academic members of the interdisciplinary Center for Health Organization Transformation are working together across boundaries to solve some of healthcare’s most pressing challenges., Michael Davis, right, the university's new director of public safety, is greeted by his predecessor Joseph Griffin at a swearing in ceremony on Friday. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Beautiful view from Egan!

Photo by Glenn Pike, Education and affordable housing should be among the top priorities of the new mayor, says former Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis., The Northeastern University School of Nursing celebrated five decades of excellence in teaching and scholarship at a 50th anniversary celebration Saturday night., The fifth-annual Millennium Campus Conference convened world-renowned speakers and more than 1,000 college students from the United States and developing countries in Latin America, Africa, and Asia., In July, four Northeastern students participated in Israel's Maccabiah Games, the third largest sporting event in the world., The Arnold S. Goldstein Simulation Laboratories Suite in the Bouve College of Health Sciences will facilitate healthcare instruction, utilizing computer-driven mannequins and lifelike models, and will allow faculty and students to replicate clinical symptoms and modulate realistic human responses., You think global…now go global. More than 1,000 students from across the world will gather at Northeastern this weekend for the Millennium Campus Conference., The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space selected Northeastern spinoff company Quad Technologies as one of eight ventures through the MassChallenge Startup Accelerator to receive funding that will leverage their research on the International Space Station U.S. National Laboratory., IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator had 125 active ventures in their 2012-2013 portfolio, up 67 percent from 2011-2012., According to Northeastern researchers, censorship on the Chinese version of Twitter, Sina Weibo, does little to stifle discourse., What does it take to turn a dissertation into a business?, Happy Halloween Northeastern! In honor of the holiday, check out how students showed off their creativity at the annual Pumpkin Carving Contest., "Help me," a disembodied head sitting on a mad-scientist's platter silently pleads…, James Marlowe, a second-year political science major, goes pumpkin bowling on Tuesday at Campus Invasion, a Student Government Association event on Centennial Common that featured other Halloween-themed activities such as pumpkin decorating and palm reading. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Capping off a memorable season, Northeastern's cycling club team sent five participants – its largest contingent ever – to last weekend's USA Cycling Collegiate Mountain Bike National Championships in North Carolina., Run fast, Huskies! The men's and women's cross country teams have high hopes for the Colonial Athletic Conference championships on Saturday in Maryland., Snell Library will host a town hall meeting tonight at 6 p.m. for visitors to discuss the recent library renovations and other topics., Three Northeastern companies are highlighted in a new report from The Science Coalition that demonstrates the importance of federally funded university research to the US economy., Students head down a set of stairs with a view of Boston's skyline behind them as they walk across campus. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern had 7,968 co-op placements in 2012-2013, and a 345% increase in global co-ops since 2006-2007., The digitalization of collections from American libraries, archives, and museums took center stage at Blackman Auditorium last week, when Northeastern co-hosted the inaugural DPLAfest to recognize the Digital Public Library of America., "Positive outcomes for women depend on the presence of requisite socioeconomic development and cultural factors, as well as feminists mobilizing before, during, and after the transitions.", The men's hockey team has won five of its first six games in dominant fashion, dispatching opponents by a combined score of 30-15., Register now for next month's Global Entrepreneurship Week at Northeastern, which strives to inspire the creation of new startups and allows entrepreneurs to share their expertise., Despite being small, the community of Hungarians living in Boston forms a tight social network ripe for collaboration with the homeland, network scientists told Hungarian President János Áder at a recent visit to Northeastern., Secrecy in the drug discovery industry doesn't work when it comes to curing neglected diseases. This new model for data sharing aims to shift the paradigm., You have a chance to be a part of history. Don't miss it.

TONIGHT | 5:30 P.M. | BLACKMAN AUDITORIUM

Get your questions answered in advance of the upcoming historic election—the first time in two decades that Boston will elect a new mayor., Please join us in Blackman Auditorium on Sunday at 5:30 PM for a public forum with the Boston mayoral and city council-at-large candidates., Backed by a $1.2 million grant from the National Institutes of Health, professor Alain Karma is studying how a particular class of human gene mutations can increase the risk of sudden cardiac arrest., "In this day and age, anyone who wants to can have an impact on the world," said John Wood, the founder of Room to Read, at an event earlier this week., The rules are simple: with a limited amount of cash, and certain size and weight parameters, build a pumpkin carrier that you can throw off the top of the Gainsborough parking garage., In the mood for a fright? This isn't your ordinary haunted house – it's specially designed by psychology professor Lisa Feldman Barrett, who's got fear down to a science. Check it out if you dare, from 5:30-8:30 PM tonight in Newton., Janor Ader (center), the president of Hungary, meets with Stephen Director (left), provost and senior vice president for academic affairs, during a campus visit Thursday. The visit included meeting members of the city's Hungarian community and learning about Northeastern's network science research. Photo by Brooks Canaday., With election day less than two weeks away, Northeastern will host a public forum on Sunday with the city's mayoral and city council-at-large candidates., "The Globe really beefs up its coverage during playoffs," said Anthony Gulizia. "We're out there covering every angle of it that we can.", It was quite the year for Northeastern's 450 student-athletes. Check out the 2012-2013 highlights from Athletic Director Peter Roby., Today marks the 13th Annual Great Pumpkin Carving Contest! The Pumpkin Patch will be on display Friday in the Xhibition Kitchen and on the Northeastern Dining page for you to vote for your favorites. In the meantime, submit photos and videos of your pumpkin carvings using the hashtag #PumpkiNU on Twitter, Instagram and Vine!, Avid outdoorsman and Northeastern student Clint Valentine spent his summer hiking and biking through the Colorado Rockies for conservation., Would you invest in an athlete's human capital?, At the annual State of the University event, President Aoun issued a bold challenge to Husky nation: transform Northeastern from one of the nation's top universities to one of the world's leading institutions in higher education., Join us today in 90 Snell Library at noon and help increase Wikipedia's coverage of underrepresented groups in Boston., The founder and CEO of Aereo, Northeastern alum Chet Kanojia, has a simple yet ambitious goal: "I want to change how consumers access, pay for, and view TV.", "Looking back at what I've accomplished so far, I realized that one of the best ways to break into an industry is to make a job for yourself, if there isn't one already.", Despite being present for nearly 3 billion years, the earth's first organism to release oxygen into the atmosphere is still not well understood. A team of researchers from Northeastern, MIT, and Baylor College are trying to change that., The Northeastern community is invited to join together and connect with President Aoun, faculty, staff, and students at the annual State of the University event, held today at 11:30 a.m. on Solomon Court in the Cabot Center., On a quintessential New England fall weekend, the Northeastern men's and women's teams posted performances worthy of the grand stage of fall rowing., Military trials end in acquittals more often than those of the civilian variety, according to Brigadier General Mark Martins, the chief prosecutor of military commissions., GrandMarc, the university's newest residence hall, will be 17-stories high and house 720 beds in on-campus housing for both first-year students and underclassmen., Join President Aoun at 5 PM tonight for a candid conversation with Northeastern alum and digital media technologist Chet Kanojia, the disruptor behind Aereo, Inc. Submit your questions for Chet by posting below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., Aereo's giant array of tiny antennas grab TV signals and stream your favorite shows to your device. Want to hear what their CEO has to say about what some networks claim is illegal? Join Chet Kanojia and President Aoun for a conversation about the courage to innovate. Monday at 5:00., Be part of the Parent and Family Weekend from afar! Watch President Aoun’s Welcome and Address live at 11 am., Mitchell Orenstein, chair of the Department of Political Science, calls the budget deal ending the partial government shutdown "a total victory" for the Obama administration., Here are five things you should know about this weekend's Head of the Charles and Northeastern's storied history in the annual regatta., Dean Xavier Costa answers concerns about CAMD's plans and the possibility of joining the School of Journalism with the Department of Communication studies as part of a reconfiguration of the college's administrative structure., Northeastern experts argue that the United States' deportation system has "gone wild," which has implications for all Americans—not just those in immigrant populations., President Joseph E. Aoun met with students on Thursday to officially sign on to the Real Food Challenge, a national campaign through which colleges and universities pledge to purchase at least 20 percent of their food from local, fair, and sustainable sources by 2020. Photo by Brooks Canaday., At the third event in the Women Who Inspire Speaker series, attendees heard from three distinguished female leaders in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries., Thanks to experiential learning and determination, Northeastern alumna Jasmine Hagans is living her dream as curator of lectures, courses, and concerts at the Museum of Fine Arts, where she's building its concert profile., Contribute your story, photo, text, or video to Our Marathon: The Boston Bombing Digital Archive today., Northeastern spinoff Quad Technologies, which aims to commercialize a unique dissolvable hydrogel, is one of 26 startups to make it to the final round of MassChallenge., Join President Aoun on Monday at 5 p.m. for a candid conversation with Chet Kanojia of Aereo, Inc. about disruptive innovation and the future of television. Submit your questions for Chet by posting below, or on Twitter with #NUSpeakers., Students make their way around campus on a sunny fall day earlier this week. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "It's okay to be the least experienced or least knowledgeable person in a meeting. As an entrepreneur, you have to depend on the expertise of others, and that's okay.", Even though she didn't speak the language herself, Erica Roberts helped develop a class to teach women how to read and write Hindi while on international co-op in India., "These individuals and their families deserve the same unquestioning loyalty that they demonstrate to their fellow Americans through their service. They deserve to know that they will receive the benefits they have earned and that we will keep the promises we have made to them.", New research suggests that those who choose literary fiction over other genres are better at reading, and understanding, emotions., The 13-foot long Scout is following a specific set of latitude-longitude points as it makes its way to Spain from Rhode Island., Come by the special exhibit held from 1-8 p.m. today on the first floor of Snell Library. Our Marathon team members will help visitors share their stories on the digital archive., Today marks the six-month anniversary of the Boston Marathon Bombings. Watch tonight as survivors and first responders, including many from the Northeastern community, share their stories. #OurMarathon #BostonStrong #NortheasternStrong, TONIGHT, 7-8 PM: “Boston Strong: Reunited” on WCVB-TV Channel 5. 

For the first time on television since the Boston Marathon bombings, survivors and first responders, including many from the Northeastern community, gathered on campus to share their stories and provide insight on their personal trials and triumphs. The broadcast features the Our Marathon project, a crowd-sourced, digital archive of the Boston Marathon bombings, developed by Northeastern researchers. Watch tonight. Share your story., The annual Big Dog 5K is back! Get your running shoes on and join your fellow Huskies on Nov. 17 as part of Homecoming Weekend., “When for-profit jour­nalism fails, an entre­pre­neur will move in and fill at least some of the space.”, It takes decades for new materials to realize their full potential as innovation drivers. The Materials Genome Initiative attempts to cut materials development time in half and to do it at a fraction of the cost., Huskies, men's hockey kicks off the season tonight at Matthews Arena. The team hasn't lost a home-opener since 1995, so don't miss out!, From peace talks to military strikes, where do you stand on the conflict in Syria? See what experts talked about at a Northeastern panel discussion earlier this week., We asked Daniel Clarke, the co-founder of Fresh Truck, Boston's first farmers market on wheels, to reflect on his experience founding the venture and how Northeastern helped him along them way., null, In his annual address to the Faculty Senate, President Aoun focused on the changing landscape of higher education., Congratulations to Northeastern professor of journalism Nicholas Daniloff, for being recognized by the New England Newspaper and Press Association as the 2013 winner of the NENPA Journalism Educator of the Year Award., "It will take a village to improve community resilience capabilities, and our institution is a vital part of thought leadership for that village.", A heaping measure of ingenuity, a dash of inspiration, a pinch of whimsy—the recipe for some truly remarkable student projects., The benefit of living in "airplane environments" for social insects? By sharing the same air, food, and even microbes for their entire lives, a colony can build up an awesome immune system., Students walk by fallen leaves that have turned vibrant colors for the fall season. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Three different marine ecosystems in one year? From Nahant, Massachusetts, to Panama, to Washington, Three Seas students get an unprecedented experiential-learning opportunity in their program., Elephant's Graveyard, a play based on the true tale of the tragic collision between a struggling circus and a tiny Tennessee town, begins its two-week run in the Studio Theatre tonight!, Northeastern University has pledged whatever financial assistance is needed for the more than 100 active duty students who are enrolled at the college so that their education is not disrupted due to the financial government shutdown., In the meantime, the university has stepped in to fill the funding gap for the service members at Northeastern who could be affected., As the government shutdown dragged into the second week, college leaders and members of Congress urged the U.S. Department of Defense to reinstate its tuition-assistance program., The Pentagon's decision to suspend tuition assistance because of the government shutdown prompted President Aoun to send a strongly worded letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel in a plea to reinstate the aid for active-duty service members., Tomorrow, show your Northeastern pride and support the N.U.in program! Here's how it works: take a fun, creative photo of you and your colleagues wearing red and black, and then tweet them using the hashtag #NUIN2013 or email them to nuin@neu.edu to be posted on the program's Facebook page!, President Aoun goes undercover to surprise new students with a pop quiz. Watch the president learn something new, too., Co-authors John Nichols (right) and Robert Waterman McChesney, answer audience questions after discussing their new book, "Dollarocracy: How the Money and Media Election Complex Is Destroying America," last Wednesday at Snell Library as part of the Meet the Author Series. McChesney is a professor of communications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and Nichols is a political journalist for "The Nation" magazine and the associate editor of "Capital Times." They both founded Free Press, a national media reform organization. Photo by Mariah Tauger., The Huskies hope their 11 freshmen will deliver on the ice with their unique combination of much-needed offensive pluck and defensive grit., Four student entrepreneurs make an impression at the Clinton Global Initiative University conference with their social business plan, Camino Nuevo., "Our active duty military, Reserve, and National Guard members who put their lives on the line to protect us deserve far better from their country than to be prevented from accessing the higher education benefits they were promised.” Northeastern will provide direct financial assistance to prevent a disruption in their education., Have you ever wanted to try some tidepooling? Pull a seine net? Hang out with a lobster? Then be sure to head to the Marine Science Center tomorrow at 10 AM for their annual open house!, We all want to know the secret to success, and physicists are no different., Is your iPad making you sick? In a recent study, Northeastern pharmacy faculty found that iPads provide prime real estate for antibiotic resistant bacteria to set up shop., Northeastern students met with representatives from more than 200 prospective employers at the annual Fall Career Fair, held Thursday afternoon inside Cabot Cage. Photo by Mariah Tauger., Informed consent and institutional review boards protect individual human research subjects, but as genomics, big-data, and community-based research becomes more prevalent, that may not be enough., "These are not the go-go years of the 2000s. Countries have begun to ask what this means for the future of their places in the global economy.", Scientists can explore the complexities of human emotion even more now, thanks to state-of-the-art imaging, which has given them never-before access to a tiny, donut-shaped structure in the middle of our brains., When one little blade can take down a plane's entire million-dollar gas turbine engines, they had better be robust and efficient., Northeastern officials do not expect the shutdown to have an effect on the university's financial aid program, though opportunities for federally-supported research may be impacted., The women's hockey team plans to up the defensive intensity on the ice this season, which opens at Matthews Arena on Friday night against Syracuse University., "In today's world to advance equality for all, actions can't take place only in litigation. There must be other forms of advocacy," said public interest attorney Sharon Eubanks in a lecture at Northeastern University School of Law., Derek Boshier, a British pop artist whose work spans more than four decades, is the newest artist on display at Northeastern Gallery 360., Cast members from "The Elephant's Graveyard," a Department of Theater play about the tragic collision between a struggling circus and a small Tennessee town, performed on campus on Tuesday to promote the play, which opens Tuesday, Oct. 8. It will be performed in the Studio Theater in the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., We're recording aerial footage on campus tomorrow! The finished video will premiere at the State of the University on October 22nd, but you can watch the teaser now. What would you like to see from the sky? Let us know below, or on Twitter by using the hashtag #NUFO., Find out how a trip to the emergency room inspired this alum's recent venture, 88 acres., "In the battle between men and microbes, we will never win, but there are some essential steps that can be taken to limit the emergence of antibiotic resistance.", Tomorrow's clinic will feature free flu shots and health screenings as well as prizes for Northeastern's students, faculty, and staff., What's new on the Hungry Hungry Husky menu this fall?  The food truck is featuring Latin specialities and some favorites back by popular demand., With only so many radio waves to go around and with our reliance on wireless devices growing steadily, how can we most effectively use the frequencies we've got?, At the Education Writers Association conference this weekend, President Aoun described a fundamental change facing higher education today: The dramatic shift in student demographics., Students walk through a patch of light on the Snell Library entryway on an early fall afternoon. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Whether healthcare professionals are documenting preventative measures, such as flu vaccines, or engaging patients who have returned home after treatment, technology should be part of the process., Please join us next Friday for a conversation with Congressman Jim McGovern, a leading voice on human rights in Congress., The upcoming game marks the second trip to Fenway for the women's hockey team in the last five seasons., America's biggest national challenge today isn't terrorism, health, or even climate change, according to retired Marine Col. Mark Mykleby, it's how all of these things contribute to global unsustainability., Hip-hop in American culture and its connections with Barack Obama's presidency set the stage for a thought-provoking panel discussion., Associate professor of English Marina Leslie teaches her class, "Opening the Archive," using maps from the Arader Galleries Collection in Snell Library on Tuesday. The collection includes a number of historically significant maps, engravings, woodcuts, and botanical watercolors courtesy of Graham Arader, a lauded historical art dealer and founder of Arader Galleries. Photo by Brooks Canaday., While most species are content with just one form of reproduction, the long-studied coral p. damicornis has a more strategic approach., Northeastern alums are taking the old adage, one man's trash is another man's treasure, quite literally with their new venture., Engineering professor Hicham Fenniri views organic chemistry like a game of chess. "You can look at the target molecules and design a strategy to get there," he says., "There are some questions that you don't need to be a scientist to ask. You need to be a little kid.", What does SGA do on campus, and why should you get involved? Northeastern Student Government Association President Nick Naraghi breaks it down. http://bit.ly/15t3mRY, Like Stannis Baratheon's painted table in Game of Thrones or the XO's war room map in Battlestar Galactica, table-top simulation has its place (and limitations) in healthcare systems engineering too., Today's caption contest is in honor of Northeastern Gallery 360's outgoing exhibit, Celebrity Type. Post your best caption below, and be sure to swing by and see the exhibit before it's gone!, "I am interested in the ways in which the Northeastern Center for the Arts can participate in the important ideas of our time. We want to trail blaze the ways in which artists, performers, media makers, and the industries associated with these disciplines, can engage with important contemporary issues.", Three hundred students, 93 countries, and counting. Have you done an international co-op or plan to?, Steven W. Director, provost and senior vice president for academic affairs, test drives the Northeastern Baja SAE chapter's buggy Monday during a demonstration on the roof of the Columbus Parking Garage. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Congratulations to Mike Glavine, who joined the Northeastern coaching staff before the 2007 season and has spent more than a decade with the Huskies program as both a player and a coach., An emphasis on learning-by-doing will be celebrated at the new Arnold S. Goldstein Simulation Laboratories Suite, in honor of the former professor and dean it is named for., “How do you take unique land­scapes that are usu­ally under­ap­pre­ci­ated and better the design so they become more appre­ci­ated, while also bringing com­mu­nity and industry together?", From Northeastern's second annual survey on higher education: Five ways Americans and business leaders believe higher education must improve., Students met with representatives from on- and off-campus organizations on Thursday to learn about local volunteer opportunities during the Fall Volunteer Fair on Centennial Common. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Come to Cabot at 7 p.m. tonight to cheer on the women's volleyball team as they face off against rival Boston College!, Reflecting on his 20-year tenure, Boston Mayor Tom Menino said on Wednesday that many of his public health initiatives have required taking political risks in order to improve residents' lives., Krista deMello, a second-year student studying finance, reads in the sun near West Village F on an early fall afternoon. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The long held assumption that human females cease to produce eggs after menopause has been shattered thanks to a discovery made by new professor John Tilly., The second event in Northeastern's Women Who Inspire speaker series featured four distinguished female leaders at the forefront of cutting edge technology and innovation in 3-D imaging, big data, and cloud computing., One of the really valuable things digital humanities does is lend insight into how computing tools like data visualizations and text mining shape the way we think., "Whether it's sea level rise, or an invasive species, or over fishing – all of these issues are fundamentally important to the sustainability of coastal communities and ecosystems.", Come by Xhibition Kitchen in the Stetson West eatery at noon for a cooking demo and book signing with Mollie Katzen, author of "The Heart of the Plate.", Northeastern Gallery 360 has received praise for its most recent exhibit, Celebrity Type, and is looking to ride that success toward greater interest both on campus and beyond., In an effort to better understand changing dynamics across industry and academia, Northeastern released the findings of a national poll on where Americans believe innovation in higher education is headed., According to Linlin Ma, a new assistant professor of finance, the timing of Twitter's IPO could not be better., From veterans to rookies, numerous former Northeastern baseball players have endured the ups and downs of professional competition this year., Assistant professor Eno Ebong studies the impacts of mechanical flow on the vascular system with the hope of finding new targets for preventing, diagnosing, or treating vascular disease., Looking for a way to volunteer? Students can learn about opportunities to serve their community at the Fall Volunteer Fair on Thursday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Centennial Common., Learn more about the findings from a new survey by Northeastern, "Innovation Imperative: Enhancing Higher Education Outcomes," which was released and presented today in D.C., Joanna Schimizzi enrolled in the master's of education program at Northeastern University Charlotte with one goal in mind: professional development., Interested in doing an international co-op? You'll want to come to this Thursday's fair to ask questions, get first-hand information, and learn more about the unique experience of co-op abroad., For the leaders of Northeastern's 331 students groups, the new Programming Lab is a one-stop-shop for them to meet, brainstorm, and utilize resources from the Center of Student Involvement., Through mobile eye-tracking technology that can identify exactly what a person is looking at and for how long, researchers hope to get a better idea of how we're regulating our emotions by what we choose watch., Congratulations to field hockey head coach Cheryl Murtagh who got her 350th career victory on Friday. Go Huskies!, Are you curious what Northeastern was like when it was first founded as a night school in 1898? Between collections of correspondence from former university presidents, 1,667 reels of film from athletic events, scrapbooks from camps at the YMCA, and thousands of photos, Snell Library's archives hold the key., Many militant groups continue to use terrorism despite its political futility. Professor Max Abrahms explains why., "The bottom line is that oral health is connected to overall health, and you can't address those separately without risking serious consequences.", NUPD officers and their university colleagues participated in a bike ride Wednesday in honor of Sean Collier, the MIT police officer killed in the wake of the Marathon bombings. Dubbed "Sean's Ride," the journey served as a final leg of the annual Tour de Force ride honoring 9/11 victims and supporting their families. http://bit.ly/1bdMtwe, By tracking the movement of trash, Dietmar Offenhuber is revealing unknown complexities behind cities and their infrastructures., The newly renovated first-floor features collaborative workrooms, a revamped InfoCommons, and a consolidated help and information desk – all designed to provide the resources and flexibility to meet students' needs., Students: Check out a news@Northeastern page that features articles, photos, and videos capturing the start of the fall semester, along with other helpful information and campus news., Members of the Northeastern community gathered at the Candace Lee Williams Sept. 11 Memorial Marker and Tree on the Krentzman Quad on Wednesday for an interfaith gathering to reflect on the 12th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Starting this month, Northeastern is partnering with the Massachusetts Farm to School Project and its Harvest of the Month campaign to promote healthy food choices by students and educate them about local produce., The field, they said, is poised to confront key societal problems ranging from smoking and obesity to terrorism and deadly pandemics., Grandma might not be too keen on RunKeeper, so professor Timothy Bickmore is developing healthcare promotion technology she's more likely to use., You already like us on Facebook, but here are some other social media platforms where you can connect with Northeastern., Several former Huskies have kept their hoop dreams alive after college and are now playing in different countries overseas., Tweets, product reviews, photos with location stamps. Our digital footprints are increasingly helpful for researchers analyzing human behavior and social trends – especially those in business., "What do behaviors that cost resources and are apparently useless still doing in ecology after billions of years of selection? Shouldn't this kind of thing have run its course by now?", Second-year electrical engineering and chemical engineering major Neil Suttora uses his friend's head for balance as he unicycles across the slackline in Centennial Common on Monday afternoon. Photo by Casey Bayer., As part of Welcome Week, students met with representatives from 70 on- and off-campus employers at the annual Student Employment Fair., Social media: It's not just for food and cats. Check out the other takeaways from a trio of experts in the field at last week's event., There are 325 student-run organizations and clubs at Northeastern. Which ones do you plan to be involved with this year?, NUSAACS students served up handmade ice cream to their fellow Huskies on Friday. Their secret ingredient? Liquid nitrogen., The use of technology is one trend that will dramatically change the teaching of writing on college campuses, according to Mya Poe, an assistant professor of English., "Make no mistake, the conflict in Syria is already a regional crisis with global implications.", Northeastern's Gordon Engineering Leadership Program gave these three young engineers an edge after graduation., Pulitzer Prize-winning writer Katherine Boo spoke to Northeastern freshmen on Tuesday night about the people, places, and inequalities in Mumbai that inspired her book "Behind the Beautiful Forevers.", Last week, more than 40 freshman-year and transfer students volunteered in their new community through Northeastern's nuSERVES program., Have you tagged yourself in our GigaPan photo from Convocation yet?, Come celebrate all things typewriter at a special reception for Northeastern Gallery 360's current Celebrity Type show, featuring a performance by the Boston Typewriter Orchestra., Zephyr Energy, founded by Northeastern alum Tom Olsen, needs your vote to secure a spot at the upcoming Boston Future Energy Pitch Event., Experience as a professional dancer herself gives Bouvé's newest physical therapy professor, Shaw Bronner, a unique understanding of the physical demands, and potential injuries inherent in the profession., The power of we: thanks to support from all members of the community - alumni, students, parents, friends, and university partners - Northeastern's annual fundraising average has tripled since 2005., Were you at Convocation? Be sure to tag yourself in our GigaPan photo from the event! You can see the photo, and zoom in to tag yourself here: https://www.facebook.com/northeastern/app_208195102528120, For the entrepreneurial minded: If you have a goal you want to achieve, student-run IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator is your go-to resource., Members of Aftab, a student-run Iranian dance group, perform Tuesday afternoon at Xplosaic, an annual celebration of Northeastern's cultural diversity through dance, music, art, and food. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern Athletics will host tryouts for any students interested in walking on to the baseball, women's diving, men's soccer, or women's rowing teams., "Our students are not just interested in businesses—they're interested in how businesses can make the world a better place.", In case you missed it, check out scenes from Convocation 2013, as the Northeastern community welcomed the newest crop of students to campus., Hey Huskies, were you at Convocation yesterday? Make sure to tag yourself in our GigaPan photo, which you can see by clicking the fourth box above!, Campus is abuzz as new students from around the globe share their excitement for the fall semester and the many opportunities that await on campus and beyond., “You are going to be impacted by what’s hap­pening in the world no matter where you go,” President Aoun said at yesterday's Convocation. “Explore what you like and what you don’t like, and then unleash your potential and creativity.”, Building on the Digital Media Common's successful launch last year at Snell Library, Northeastern will expand the innovative workspace to include more digital clusters and a 3-D printing lab., While on its own, the fact that species select their mutualistic partners to maximize their population isn't all that surprising, its implications have puzzled ecologists and network sciences alike for some time., This fall's Open Classroom series will focus on U.S. health reform and will feature guest speakers, including Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino., The International Village dining hall reopened yesterday following a series of summer renovations., With the fall semester about to begin, find out when the Northeastern athletics teams will be hosting their first home games of the season., Unwilling to be defined by conventional standards, today's entrepreneurs shatter the usual perceptions about how, why, when, and where a new idea gets off the ground., Undergraduates: Download the mobile Welcome Week guide to find out more about all the events and activities happening across campus., The Huskies have depth in all phases of the game, but it is enough to propel them to a conference championship?, Cabot Cage just got a fresh new look for fall, thanks to an Athletics banner designed by Mark Veillette, a student in the College of Arts, Media and Design. Photo by Brooks Canaday., For information on upcoming events, career advice, student perspectives and success stories, employer insight, and more, check in with The Works., Find out how Northeastern researchers are using network science, pharmaceutical science, and biology to develop novel approaches to curing disease., The civil rights movement has made great progress since Dr. King's iconic speech, but much more remains., During the program, students got the opportunity to create and implement their own solutions to help the local community., Hey Northeastern, did you know that this Friday is College Colors day? Be sure to wear your Red and Black and show your Husky pride!, Moving to campus this week? Here are five tips to help new and returning students make the most of move-in week., Professor Andrea Parker asks, "How can we connect people together to engage in healthy behaviors? What do they need to be successful?", Students walk past a hanging sculpture in the atrium of Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Can novel "metasurfaces" make speed-of-light computing a reality? Not quite yet, but layered surfaces that can manipulate light waves in unique ways do offer the capacity to transfer 1,000 times more data, 1,000 times faster., Iconic typewriters once owned by John Lennon, Ernest Hemingway, Theodore Kaczynski, and other notable 20th-century figures are now in display at Northeastern's Gallery 360., While the field hockey team lost three stars from last season, coaches and players believe their success lies in the team's depth and balance – thanks to a revamped roster that includes 11 freshmen., A nursing class studies in the fourth floor atrium of the Behrakis Health Sciences Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Women's soccer coaches and teammates say senior captain Hanna Terry is primed for a stellar season of leadership and offensive production this fall – starting today with the team's opener against UCLA., "Our role in this project was to help sup­ply the tools that the already-knowledgeable mem­bers of the Mata com­mu­nity need for suc­cess, and we feel con­fi­dent that Mata’s lead­ers will use these tools to the best of their abil­ity and work dili­gently to make this farm a suc­cess for the ben­e­fit of the community.", To address challenges facing farmers in Cameroon, students worked to incorporate solutions focused on desirability, feasibility, and sustainability., The Huskies hope that strong depth, stellar conditioning, and a demanding non-conference schedule will lead to a successful season., More than 250 representatives of local, minority, and women-owned businesses pitched their goods and services to procurement professionals., Climate change is almost certainly caused by humans; the sea level is expected to rise more than previously estimated; and in the best-case-scenario, global temperature increases could be lower than previously expected., Students are seen walking to campus from the top level of the Columbus Parking Garage. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The men's soccer team will open the regular season next week as the favorite to win the CAA championship for the second consecutive year., Where do you want to explore today? Cameras originally meant for research also happen give researchers and spectators an opportunity to take virtual tours of exotic coastal sites., Today at noon, network scientist Alessandro Vespignani will be the College of Science weekly #sciencechat guest., From left, rising third-year chemical engineering students Brian Hunt, Catherine Tremblay, and Jenny Janeck study on the Curry Student Center roof deck. Photo by Brooks Canaday., On April 15, 2013, most people inquired about their loved ones by texting. Learn more about how we communicated during and after the Boston Marathon bombings from network scientist David Lazer's new research., How to cut the annual nearly $3 trillion healthcare budget by one-third? Turn to systems engineering., Connelly coached baseball at Northeastern for 26 seasons, leading the Huskies to the College World Series in 1966., "This is a highly competitive schedule that will test our team and prepare us well for CAA play.", A student walks into the Curry Student Center atrium from the West Addition. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Recent research shows that humans are more empathetic towards babies, puppies, and grown dogs than they are toward human adults., This distinction, given to just 12 research centers in the nation, builds upon Northeastern's strong relationship with DHS and commitment to security-related research initiatives., Melissa Furci, a rising junior majoring in international affairs and modern languages, spent the past six months at Esperanza International, a nonprofit organization in the Dominican Republic and Haiti striving to rid children and their families of poverty., Next Wednesday, the College of Science will host its weekly #sciencechat with Northeastern network scientist Alessandro Vespignani., Here are five cool views of Northeastern's main campus, taken by staff photographer Brooks Canaday., "Like clean water and high quality food, housing is a key resource that keeps people healthy and enables them to be economically mobile and self-sufficient.", "My primary goal for this fellowship was, quite broadly, to get more on-the-ground international development experience, which I find imperative to working in the sector.", English major Mackenzie Cockerill explores the nature of blogging to understand the impulse behind literary response on the Internet., Eleven NUPD officers will participate in "Sean's Ride," a 65-mile bike ride on September 11th in honor of M.I.T. Police officer Sean Collier., This is the first time the Huskies have been slotted for the top spot as the team returns for preseason camp in less than a week., An informed consumer is a responsible consumer. Professor Graham Jones is helping to lead a movement to change the state of industrial and research chemistry., Associate professor Maria Dolce has developed a unique educational program that will integrate an oral health care curriculum with other health care programs at the university., Periwinkle snails have an interesting favorite food in the salt marshes where they live: Sexually mature grass stems., It may be the last week of Summester, but there's still time to indulge in free ice cream and take a trip to Six Flags., You've probably used your Husky Card to make on-campus purchases, but did you know it's also good at local restaurants, supermarkets, and even museums?, Clockwise from left, rising middler chemical engineering students Catherine Tremblay, Eliza Bishop, Jenny Janeck and Brian Hunt study on the Curry Student Center roof deck. Photo by Brooks Canaday., “Stu­dents can take the knowl­edge of how renew­able ener­gies work and the poli­cies that helped imple­ment them in Brazil and hope­fully use that to encourage the growth and engineering of these tech­nolo­gies in the US.”, Would you eat synthetic meat? Find out what three Northeastern professors think about the future of lab-grown beef., Calling all Northeastern ice hockey fans. Be sure to grab your tickets early, come out to Matthews Arena and support your Huskies!, From volleyball to pool, here's five places on campus where you can let your inner athlete out to play., What's next after discovering the Higgs boson? Possibilities beyond the Standard Model of physics like gravity and dark matter are on the agenda., "The thing that's been missing in robotics is a sense of smell," said biology professor Joseph Ayers., Northeastern is a smoke-free campus today. Still have questions about the policy? Here's what you need to know., A tiny, fluid-based optical lens could enable smaller and faster multifunctional technologies we haven't yet imagined., Solar panels and wind farms aren't much good without a safe and viable energy storage approach., Arne Duncan, the US secretary of education, praised Northeastern on Twitter on Wednesday for its "leadership and commitment to improving African American graduation rates.", Brooke Sheehan, a rising sophomore environmental studies major, weeds a flower box near Dockser Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Do you ride a bike around campus? Here are five things you should know about Northeastern's bicycle resources and other opportunities., Head over to Campus Seen to view behind the scenes photos of Northeastern taken by staff photographer Brooks Canaday., Northeastern University Seattle and the city have teamed up to install a new pingpong table in City Hall., In his keynote address at Northeastern's second annual Global Leadership Summit, Lord Michael Hastings of KPMG International stressed the need for global corporations to foster positive social change., "Neil has been a constant at Northeastern for nearly five decades and has achieved success both as an athlete and as a coach.", Northeastern is one of 20 universities in the country that have joined forces to commit to a greener way of doing and teaching chemistry., At 1 p.m., Nick Polanchik will be Northeastern COS #sciencechat guest this week, ready to answer any and all questions incoming students have before the fall semester begins., A cardinal rests atop "Bird in Flight," a 1997 sculpture by artist Leonardo Nierman next to the Curry Student Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Four years after an inspiring high school trip with Lead America, Mohit Bhardwaj is helping other young students prepare for futures in engineering., Realm of Racket is more than just a computer programming guide: it's an interactive journey., The Ocean Genome Legacy's priceless collection will continue to be used to uncover some of our ocean's deepest mysteries, help cure diseases, and protect the environment., Rising senior Federika Cariati and rising fourth-year students Faith Donnelly and Amanda Georgescu relax on the wiffleball field outside of Speare Hall on an early August day. Photo by Brooks Canaday., You may know that Matthews Arena is an iconic part of Northeastern's campus and Boston's history, but here are five things you may not know about the building., New CEO of IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator, Max Kaye, gives insight into how the group has successfully guided more than 350 Northeastern-based business concepts and awarded nearly $400,000 in grants., Through an innovative partnership with the Boston Ballet, Northeastern will provide flexible and customized opportunities for professional ballet dancers to earn college degrees., "This is a devil's bargain, for sure.", A decade ago, the term "game analytics" would have meant little even to those well versed in technology and interactive games. But now, a new book from Northeastern's game design faculty is laying the foundation for this emerging field., Brandon Isaacson, the vice president of Northeastern's Film Enthusiasts' Club, has earned one of 25 coveted spots at the Telluride Film Festival's Student Symposium., A group of distinguished leaders in social and economic rights theory recently gathered in Italy to discuss their upcoming, groundbreaking book., Follow along as students in Brazil learn about alternative energy technologies., More than 700 local job seekers met with top neighborhood companies and training organizations at Northeastern's first community job fair., Northeastern's starting goaltender, who was invited to participate in Canada's selection camp, will be among 40 players training and preparing to potentially go to the 2014 Olympic Winter Games in Sochi, Russia., Hey Huskies, are you following us on Instagram yet?, What's next for nanomedicine when billions are spent on research each year, but only a fraction of that research makes it to the commercial market?, Army private Bradley Manning, who was acquitted of aiding the enemy for leaking classified documents, "might be an idealistic fool but he isn't the devil," says law professor Michael Meltsner., A bee gathers pollen from a Rudbeckia hirta, or black-eyed Susan, on Monday between the Egan Research Center and the Snell Engineering Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., International affairs major Sam Manning explores how the creation of an employment center in South Africa could reduce poverty and potentially help the lives of HIV-positive women through social interventions., And you thought the instructions for a paper crane were hard to follow., Empowered by Northeastern: Roger Marino, whose gift in the early 1990s funded the Marino Recreation Center, has once again stepped forward to invest in his beloved alma mater., Incoming first-year student Sean Burris' first venture, Classic Jet Tours, took flight when he was still in high school., "We've created an environment where entrepreneurship isn't just something people talk about. It's something that's happening on every level of Northeastern, and it's being powered by students doing very real, very exciting work.", Brain-controlled wheelchairs: The next generation of technology for people with severe speech and physical impairments is here., null, In just three seasons with the Huskies, Aaron Barbosa broke the school record for career stolen bases, with 69 of them., “Research strongly shows that the ear­lier stu­dents are able to envi­sion them­selves in these roles, the more likely they are to per­sist in a STEM field.”, Students of Professor Terrence Masson collaborated with other film professionals on a short film, "The Café," contributing to every aspect, from sound effects to character modeling and composing the film's score., The veteran trio hopes to lead Northeastern field hockey to their third NCAA tournament in as many years., This month, Detroit became the largest American city to declare bankruptcy. What are the factors that brought about its decline, and what's next for the city?, Though rain forests are amazing at cleaning up our planet, by sucking up our carbon dioxide and spitting out clean oxygen, another habitat has shown itself to be 55 times better at this: Salt Marshes., While in Singapore on co-op at CNBC, an international affairs major got a up-close look at business reporting and digital news., "We're pushing people to do everything in their lives better by showing them how they can support social enterprises through simple lifestyle changes.", Cameron Buchan, a rising junior on the men's rowing team, is competing at the World Rowing Under-23 Championships in Linz, Austria., A master of the sport himself, Northeastern's director of information security founded a Muay Thai academy and has brought athletes to compete in the World Championships for the past three years., As Boston's first university to join the Real Food Challenge, Northeastern pledges to purchase at least 20 percent of its food from local, fair, and sustainable sources by 2020., "This part­ner­ship pro­vides a tem­plate for addressing the national need to better leverage the intel­lec­tual prowess and inno­v­a­tive uni­ver­sity envi­ron­ment to improve indus­trial competitiveness.”, Stop by Snell to see mini solar-powered cars, created by engineering students with only a solar panel and $20 for supplies., Alum Perry Acks is now working on Bethenny Frankel's upcoming talk show – thanks to his social media savvy and sheer determination., It's one thing for a protein to change shape, but quite another when the change can be drastic enough to have an impact on age-related diseases., Northeastern students in South Africa this summer with the Social Enterprise Institute met with Desmond Tutu, center, a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, and Ahmed Kathrada, Nelson Mandela's former cellmate., A Northeastern professor is directing his first opera this summer, part of a series with the Boston Midsummer Opera that aims to make the medium more accessible to newcomers., The Learning by Giving Foundation, founded by Warren Buffet's sister, has teamed up with Northeastern for the world's first MOOC on philanthropy and civic engagement. Over the next four weeks, some 10,000 students from more than 70 countries will evaluate nonprofit organizations to determine which groups are most deserving of grants from the foundation., Still have questions about the new campuswide smoke-free policy? Terry Fulmer, dean of the Bouvé College of Health Sciences, discusses the policy and changes students can expect., A student walks across campus during a summer rainstorm. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Northeastern is co-hosting a free summer concert today for students and community members. Stop by Carter Park at 5:30 PM to join us!, A system to eliminate groundwater pollutants doesn't just have to work. It has to be cheap enough that the poor communities most at risk will use it., The women's basketball team's 2013-2014 non-conference schedule will bring a trying combination of new competition and classic rivals., Math may be intimidating, but video games sure aren't. That's why Northeastern researchers are teaching students how to build their own video games through a math and programming curriculum., Assistant professor of journalism Dan Kennedy says that the Rolling Stones cover was effective "because of the cognitive dissonance it evoked.", In honor of Nelson Mandela's 95th birthday, we take a look at the legacy of the beloved leader., Students are seen from the second floor of West Village H on Wednesday. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Spa Play rewards players virtually, and in the real world, for things like drinking water, choosing healthy snacks, or going for walks., Professor Matthew Goodwin is turning caregivers and parents into researchers, developing a system for them to collect and study data about their autistic children., We don't know the cause, and we have no cure, so gathering information from individuals with autism is very important. But with 50 percent of the population too severely impacted to comply with lab-based methods, researchers need to find another way., The Zimmerman verdict is "painfully and eerily familiar to those of us who study civil rights legal history," says law professor Margaret Burnham., Mark your calendars! The men's basketball team will face the Georgetown Hoyas, defending Big East co-champtions, in the opening round of the Puerto Rico Tip-Off in a televised game on November 21st., Co-founder of the Fresh Truck, Josh Trautwein, talks about their mission to improve access to healthy food across underserved Boston communities., When it comes to bioterrorist attacks, diseases have no borders. Researchers show that a hypothetical attack involving smallpox could spread to two to four countries before the first cases are ever diagnosed., Did you know that the Career Services office hold workshops throughout the summer on job searching and LinkedIn strategies?, The Higgs boson was discovered a year ago, solving a great mystery of particle physics, but many more still remain., From day trips to the Cape, Red Sox tickets, and free ice cream every Wednesday, Summester has something for everyone to enjoy. What's been your favorite event so far?, “This is still a male-dominated field, but it’s also an exciting time when women are breaking down many bar­riers and becoming firsts. How­ever, I don’t want to be the last. I want many women coming after me.", Imagine public beaches in the middle of the city and people swimming all along the banks of the Charles River. Such a sight is possible again after more than 50 years, limited only by public perception., Postdoctoral researcher Baruch Barzel is moving one team at Northeastern a step closer in its quest to understand, predict, and control disease., "We didn't grow up in the '80s and '90s when people were dying every day from this in America, but that's still what's happening in Africa. I want to be part of the movement working to end that.", Experience the buzz around Turkish protests from last month via Twitter: Researchers tracked where users were tweeting from in Turkey and how much, or how little, the rest of the world chimed in., This mobile farmer's market will bring fresh fruit and vegetables directly into communities that lack access to healthy food., What if you could help small busi­nesses in low-income neigh­bor­hoods and give law stu­dents trans­ac­tional expe­ri­ence at the same time? The law school’s newest clinic is doing just that., In the wake of comments about Wimbeldon winner Marion Bartoli last week, we turned to Professor Charles Fountain to find out how the sports media's view of star female athletes has changed over time., Students make their way through campus on Thursday morning as a rainstorm briefly passed through the Boston area. Photo by Brooks Canaday., When career counselors want to learn best practices, they head to the best-in-the-nation Career Services office at Northeastern., The men's soccer team hopes their 2013 captains can lead the team to another NCAA tournament., Congratulations to recent graduate Peter Petrin, who has been selected as one of the "Top 24 Under 24 Youth Changemakers.", "The question is, how do you regulate this new technology, harmonizing it with different countries, while still ensuring safety and promoting industry growth?", Higher ed leaders from the United States and India came together to foster collaboration and discuss best practics and market needs in both countries., Professor Marilyn Minus has developed a super strong, synthetic fiber that rivals the industry's strongest from around the world., Meet Jacqueline Ali: This incoming freshman is excited about exploring Northeastern's opportunities in computer science, Dialogue of Civilizations, and beyond., Take a look back and relive the many successes of Northeastern's student-athletes this past year, from all 18 varsity sports and from individual feats to historic team accomplishments., Fresh Truck, a social venture launched by two alumni to bring affordable produce to Boston's neighborhoods, will unveil its retrofitted bus at a celebration event tomorrow from 3-6 p.m. on City Hall Plaza., "Swiss Style Reboot," a Gallery 360 exhibit that showcases visualization work from Switzerland in the mid-20th century for solutions to visualizing big data today, is still on display through July 17th!, When meeting with Professor Ben Webster, Northeastern's science writer discovered that, even if most of us can't speak the language, there's no doubt that mathematics is itself the point., English major Casey Curry connected her love for art and literature with a co-op position at the Smithsonian American Art Museum and a directed study, where she learned to translate her passion for visual media into a possible career in the arts., "It is a pioneering program that truly embodies interdisciplinary thinking," said Professor Albert-Laszlo Barabasi., The men's varsity eight started fast and gave a record-setting effort on Sunday, but the Huskies fell just short, losing to Great Britain in one of the closest races of the five-day regatta., Hear from orientation leaders and incoming students about their excitement for the upcoming year and what they're most looking forward to at Northeastern., The new national initiative will explore opportunities in disruptive innovations in higher education and design solutions to increase the number of Americans able to earn a degree., Students have until 3 p.m. today to register for Summer II intramurals. Pull together your team now and choose from 15 different sports, ranging from indoor soccer to extreme dodgeball., Follow Northeastern on Instagram for a quirky look at life on and around campus., Sociology student Kaya Simmons connected with The Public Lab and developed his own prototype to collect scientific data and explore ways to improve his own community's standard of living., A team of engineering students leave later this month to deploy a new system that will bring clean, reliable water to some 1,100 villagers in rural Uganda., Congratulations to the Northeastern varsity team on this morning's victory in the Henley Regatta quarterfinal! The team, who won by 3/4 length, will advance to tomorrow's semifinal. Go NU!, As emerging economies generate their own distinctive approaches to higher education, there is likely to be considerable "reverse innovation.", Network scientists gathered geo-tags from 275 million tweets over a 30-month period to find out where in the world people are tweeting from., Three tips for young entrepreneurs looking to start their own venture., For people who organize events, Greg Skloot's management software startup, Attendware, solves a simple, yet persistent problem., From left, rising third-year student Arturo Rivera, a rising fourth-year student Guy Destin, and rising second-year student Robinson Adames walk down Forsyth Street on Monday on the first day of Summer II classes. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Fourth-year media and screen studies major Mateo Caldas was named Best Actor of the 12th annual Campus MovieFest, the world's largest student film festival., "The world is full of more people than any one of us can help. How do we decide who deserves our compassion?", Northeastern rowing returns to the world stage in London to participate in the Henley Royal Regatta – the team's seventh appearance in the renowned event., Forward Kendall Coyne will train and play games in preparation for the 2014 Olympic Winter Games in Sochi, Russia., A record number of Northeastern alumni have been selected as global finalists in the MassChallenge 2013 Accelerator Program., Researchers and experts in game design, economic development, and many other disciplines gathered at Northeastern's Boston and Seattle campuses on Friday to provide ideas and feedback on Girls GAMES, a new initiative focused on closing the gender gap in STEM education., The Handle Bar, an indoor cycling studio founded by Northeastern alum Jessica Bashelor, opened its doors in South Boston last month., "Her com­mit­ment to inter­dis­ci­pli­nary inquiry will con­tinue CSSH on its path toward becoming a global hub for use-inspired human­i­ties and social sci­ence research,” said Provost Stephen Director., "I believe my experience in the private sector can inform my work in the public sector," said recent BSIB graduate Michael Creegan, who has aspirations to work for the U.S. Foreign Service., Stu­dents walk past a hanging sculp­ture in the atrium of Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Graduate students at the Marine Science Center boldly go where no bloggers have gone before and break down the science behind Star Trek., Experts met to focus on designing systems for coastal cities that will better withstand the force of a storm like Sandy the next time around., Northeastern University Seattle kicks off a new initiative aimed at developing engaging video games that attract girls to STEM fields., Christine Umeh has her sights set on a career in the media and entertainment industry in Nigeria: “There’s so much room for development and investment and I want to play a role in that.”, Some say a city simply can't be environmentally sustainable. A growing group of Northeastern researchers is challenging that idea, saying it's all in how you frame the problem., Northeastern experts explain the significance of three major civil rights-related rulings issued by the Supreme Court this week, and what they mean for the nation going forward., More than 2,000 people attended last weekend's Family Day at Fenway, an annual event for Northeastern University Alumni and their families., "There is bad blood on both sides of past events, so changes are not entirely up to Iran or its new president," says Val Moghadam, chair of Northeastern's international affairs department., With temperatures in the 90s yesterday, nursing students Eric Breen and Ashley Cavignano took a much-needed break on Centennial Common., The KahBang Music Festival, held annually in Bangor, emphasizes the importance of discovery by focusing on "what's next" rather than "what's now" in music, art, and film., "It definitely opens your eyes to experiences and views you might have never encountered before.", Factors that business strategists believe are negatives for a company operating outside its home country may actually be positives, according to Annique Un., Before Congress begins working to reauthorize the Higher Education Act in the fall, Rep. John Tierney and experts gathered at Northeastern to discuss some of the most important issues in higher education., Researchers in the Northeastern Systems Security Lab study the hidden dangers that come with modern conveniences., Registration for Summer II intramurals starts July 1st. Pull together your team and get involved in sports ranging from flag football to cornhole to KanJam., Congratulations to senior Katherine Halbig on your achievement!, How do you land a 2,000-pound rover on a planet 100 million miles away from Earth without controlling it in real time? Ask an information design expert., Sure, your phone can communicate information to your laptop. But what about your car, fridge, or even a medical implant?, At Data Day, Boston Globe journalists highlighted the importance of data in shaping public opinion and guiding policy., Naimee Mehta and Anthony Varca are just two of Mike Pollastri's students working to cure long-neglected tropical diseases., Hit the road! Civil engineering Ph.D. candidates Hao Liu and Reid Villbig test a radar device developed through VOTERS, the Versatile Onboard Traffic Embedded Roading Sensors lab., The human body is a machine where "the lungs are gas exchangers and the heart is a pump.", Wondering what's going on with all the construction on campus this summer? Find out here., The Northeastern student team took first place in visual presentation, second place in the technical report, and 10th overall at this summer's Solar Splash competition., When aquanauts need science advice, they call in Northeastern researchers., What are some of the most unusual gift exchanges between nations in modern history and how has the practice evolved?, It may not be wise to go chasing waterfalls, but according to experts, Massachusetts should definitely go after the water industry., Rising budgets, new technology, and Kickstarter campaigns are changing the game for moviemakers., The answer is yes, according to fourth-year student Michael Gasiorek, who has spent almost two years studying and working in China., "In a way, you are successful because others around you believe you are." But we can also mathematically measure and even predict success as well., Chemical engineering PhD candidates Pegah Abadian, center, and Negal Golshan, right, paint wooden letters on Tuesday afternoon during Ceramics in Curry, an event organized by the Resident Student Association for students to de-stress before finals. Photo by Brooks Canaday, Huskies, get ready for a "British Invasion," brought to you by Boston GuitarFest VIII., null, The new Michael J. and Ann Sherman Center for Engineering Entrepreneurship Education will arm engineering undergraduates with entrepreneurial skills to successfully pitch and commercialize their innovations., Does keeping trade secrets really benefit anyone when there are minimal profits to be made?, "The ocean has a voice." Come hear it tonight at Northeastern's Marine Science Center in Nahant, which is hosting one of ten mini film festivals held worldwide throughout the summer and fall., The women's ice hockey team has a tough schedule ahead of them, but that does nothing to lessen their excitement for this season., Soon after starting at Northeastern, Kaitlyn Duffy was captivated by the possibilities of investigating science and security from a wider, more global lens – like with a co-op at INTERPOL., The tool, which detects neurological, developmental, and pathological signatures in human vocalizations, can be used to reveal fatigue, reduce accents and discover medical problems., What makes a meme? This question has sparked human curiosity for centuries, but only recently have computer scientists developed the tools to begin answering it., Students walk past a hanging sculpture in the atrium of Ryder Hall. Photo by Brooks Canaday, "Healthcare systems in the U.S. are a mess in every dimension. That's why we're here, to share, learn, and cross-pollinate.", Law professor Michael Bennett says the ruling removes a serious barrier to the growth of biotechnology and genomics research., Entrepreneurs with Northeastern ties got the chance to pitch their business ideas to potential investors and mentors at IDEA's biannual Pitch-a-thon., Moneesh Upmanyu's work is providing new insight into the growth of nanowires and revolutionizing energy efficiency., What does Edward Snowden's leak of classified NSA documents mean for government surveillance programs and the future of journalism?, Watch to find out the top four things a venture should keep in mind when making a five-minute pitch to potential investors., "By taking these huge, complex amounts of data and visualizing them in a clear way, we're hoping people will say, 'I didn't know that.' That's the essence of what these efforts are all about.", Dov Waxman, a renowned scholar of Israeli politics and foreign policy, will join Northeastern as a professor and co-director of the Middle East Center., Check out TRAQ, an autonomous quadcopter that uses a unique four-element antenna array to locate and navigate the source of a radio signal., Larry J. Merlo, president and CEO of CVS Caremark, said that the challenges presented by America's rapidly evolving healthcare landscape will require novel solutions – particularly those rooted in pharmacy., "This year's schedule presents a strong challenge," men's hockey head coach Jim Madigan said of the Huskies' upcoming 2013-2014 season. Which matchup are you most excited for?, With nearly 100 undergraduate researchers at a time, Lisa Feldman Barrett's Interdisciplinary Affective Science Laboratory is the largest to train students on campus., We once thought it took a genius to be successful, but this is simply not the case., With a looming hike to federal student loan rates, Senator Warren urges college students to press Congress into action., "One order of crab cakes coming up…" - Submitted by Peter Coombes via Facebook., Watch CEO Breakfast Forum live at 8:10 a.m featuring Larry J. Merlo, President and CEO of CVS Caremark., Hey Huskies, did you catch this piece in today's Globe? Northeastern is opening a 3-D printing lab this fall within Snell Library to give all students access to this trendy manufacturing technology., Emergency relief attempts often suffer due to problems with the radio spectrum rescuers use to communicate with another. A team of engineering students hopes to change that., "With these protests, it's become clear that people are aligned not by their religion or secularism, but by their hatred of authoritarianism.", Think you've got the best caption for this photo? Post your suggestion in the comments section! Photo by Brooks Canaday., Since the idea is that climate change is a long and variable process, it's expected that the impact it has on species will likewise be long and variable., Sen. Elizabeth Warren will be on campus this Monday, June 10th, to address one of the biggest issues facing college students: the future of student loans. Open to the public – come add your voice!, Not even biomedical devices are beyond the reach of 3-D printing's revolutionary impacts., What good is a robotic honeybee if it doesn't know how to find the pollen?, Our next CEO Breakfast Forum on June 11th will feature Larry J. Merlo, President and Chief Executive Officer of CVS Caremark. Submit your questions for Larry here, or on Twitter using #NUCEO!, Northeastern graduate students are developing the next generation of energy efficient lithium batteries., Students hope to make a splash at a solar-powered boat competition next week in Iowa., First-year students get a jumpstart on exploring research opportunities at Northeastern during the summer PRISM program., Bill Lancaster brought television and local radio personalities from MTV and JAM'N 94.5 to campus to discuss their experiences with students in his "Producing for the Entertainment Industry" course., Professor Yiannis Levendis' deep concern for the environment inspired him to pursue a career in engineering environmentally-benign power generation methods., Clinical trials tell us a lot about the pros and cons of drugs, but until they get into the field, we can never fully know how they will affect patient populations., "I'm not surprised by the result," says law professor Daniel Medwed. "But I was a little surprised by the court's reasoning.", Students enjoy the hot weather on Centennial Common. Photo by Brooks Canaday, Marquis Cabrera, a 2011 graduate, has been named one of the region's top innovators for his work through his nonprofit social enterprise, Foster Skills., Professor Allen Soyster's more than 45 years in the field and more than 80 peer-reviewed papers published made him the perfect candidate for the esteemed Frank and Lillian Gilbreth Award., Northeastern's Professional Science Master's degree program in biotechnology, now in its 10th year, is a model for similar programs around the world., The gift, the first ever to endow a sports club, fills a need to provide high-level instruction to Northeastern's Sailing Club., What is Swiss Style and why is it useful for today's information designers? Gallery 360's Swiss Style Reboot exhibition, open now, presents graphic design principles developed by pioneers of the Style, which is characterized by clear, functional and highly crafted visual communication., "My advice to your guys is to find a goal greater than making money. Have the goal of making this world a better place and you'll be happy every day you go to work.", Benjamin Greer, a fourth-year architecture student, developed a new sustainable model of coastal urban development for mitigating urban runoff and storm surge contamination., Janis Lai, who recently received her master of science in physics, rests in the shade with Lyra, a 4-year-old husky, amid last week's scorching temperatures. Photo by Brooks Canaday, Zolan Kanno-Youngs, who grew up in the Big Brothers program himself, was recognized as one of the organization's top mentors this year., "It's one thing to learn about a country from the United States, but it's another thing to live and learn side-by-side with people in their own country.", Have you ever been worried that your toothpaste might not be sufficiently scrubbing away all the germs? A student-designed smart toothbrush has got you covered., As temperatures rose into the upper 80s on Thursday, rising second-year mechanical engineering major Louise Katzovitz read an appropriately titled book while relaxing on Centennial Common: Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451. Photo by Brooks Canaday, The Huskies are one of 20 teams that have been selected to participate in the 2013 USA Sevens Collegiate Rugby Championship, one of the most prestigious tournaments in the sport., Housing prices have been going up, and while that's good news for sellers, it could be bad news for the nation's economy., Four alumni have embarked on a three-month road trip through Nashville, New Orleans, and Austin with the goal of capturing the essence of each city's music scene., Take a look back at the men's basketball team's historic 2012-12 season., The decision to allow openly gay youths in the Boy Scouts is based on "deep integration, inclusion, the rule of law, the celebration of difference, and substantive equality.", Find out what a recent law school grad did this past spring at a NGO, defending the economic, social, and cultural rights of underrepresented workers and communities in Mexico., "This new space is yet another manifestation of our ongoing commitment to the university's teaching and research enterprise," said Provost Stephen Director., A woman passes by Dodge Hall last week, illuminated by the morning sunshine. Photo by Brooks Canaday, In his new book, Roger Abrams takes a critical, comprehensive, and entertaining look at the unique role sports have played in politics and history., With more than half the world's population now residing on the seacoast, marine ecosystems are more threatened than ever before., "The law is not made of concrete or stone, but instead is a malleable force that changes with the times," President Aoun told School of Law graduates. "You will be the ones to lead those changes in the law.", Great story in the Washington Post about Northeastern "making a big play in master's degrees.", Northeastern baseball plated four runs in the ninth inning to beat Delaware to keep their CAA Championship hopes alive., At Saturday's #onerun event in Boston, a team of humanities researchers will collect interviews and content for a new NULab project, Our Marathon; a comprehensive archive of materials that tell the story of the Boston Marathon bombings at the people affected., New Hampshire Governor Margaret Wood Hassan will deliver the Commencement address at the School of Law Commencement ceremony today to more than 230 graduates. Congratulations Huskies!, Last night, Northeastern launched Empower, a $1 Billion comprehensive campaign, with a kickoff event that featured interactive research exhibits and inspiring calls to support the university's momentum., Four former Northeastern basketball standouts will be inducted next month into the New England Basketball Hall of Fame's Class of 2013. Go NU!, Millions of people worldwide wake up each day without access to clean drinking water. That's why Northeastern students have developed FilterLight, billed as a low-cost, human-powered, UV water-filtration system for use in developing countries., We've launched a historic $1 billion comprehensive campaign to support students, fac­ulty, and inno­va­tion in edu­ca­tion and research. #EmpowerLaunch, Mechanical engineering students on the Northeastern Baja team are hitting the dirt and the hills again to compete in Rochester, NY this weekend., Nearly 8,000 students will go on co-op this year, but there are still jobs that will go unfilled. "Our students are really sought after," says Career Services director Maria Stein., Thao Nguyen, a biology major in the Class of 2017, practices guitar on Centennial Common on Tuesday., How do charitable efforts unfold in the wake of tragedies like the Boston Marathon bombings and the devastating tornado in Oklahoma? And why is it important to be an informed donor?, A new partnership between the Center for Research Innovation and VentureCrowd is connecting Northeastern-based ventures with entrepreneurially minded talent., The baseball team will face off against the Towson Tigers in the first round of CAA Championships tomorrow in Virginia, marking the first time the Huskies have made it to the championships in four years. Go NU!, Without a new breed of innovative thinkers, promising nanomedical research taking place in university labs will never spell hope for real patients., This successful B-school alum has traded in his corner officer for a new, on-campus job: entrepreneur-in-residence for IDEA: Northeastern University's Venture Accelerator., Congratulations to the women's rowing team on their impressive showing at the Colonial Athletic Association Championship this past Sunday!, How has the Deepwater Horizon oil spill affected people like Florida's oyster fisheries and food service managers? Find out from Northeastern faculty who are blogging about their work., Joshua Tsuji, a third-year student majoring in computer science, makes the TurboTax experience even simpler., What do the Pythagorean theorem and cartoon characters like Casper the Friendly Ghost have in common? They were both used to help teach local youth how to create video games., Pulitzer Prize-winning journalism professor Walter Robinson says the Justice Department's investigation into the AP is part of a broader effort by the Obama administration to stymie journalists., To stop cybercrime, you need to think like a criminal. That's exactly what Northeastern is teaching information assurance students to do., FYI Huskies: The Marino Center will be closed the week of May 20-24, but the Cabot Center and Badger & Rose Center will be open with expanded hours during this time. Find out more info here., Kids take Legos to the next level by building Legobots that move and respond to their environments just like real animals., How did Japanese architects respond immediately after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami, and what can we learn from them?, "It's an honor to be in the Senate, it's an honor to represent the people of Massachusetts, and it's equally an honor to represent that fine institution on Huntington Avenue and be the first Husky in the Congress.", Northeastern researchers develop a method that allows heart cells to regenerate after a heart attack or cardiac arrest., Mission accepted. This spring, 4,785 alumni enthusiastically participated in a challenge issued by 1983 graduate Mike MacWade to support something they loved about Northeastern., A student investigates climate changes' effects on red tide, the common name for a toxic species of algae that has the potential to be a public health concern., If you're confused about Joffrey's lineage, skeptical of Wildfire, or just curious whether a 700 foot frozen wall is feasible, read on., A limited number of Northeastern "Boston Strong" hats are available for purchase through the Office of Alumni Relations, located on the first floor of 716 Columbus Ave. The hats are $20 and all proceeds benefit The One Fund., Natalie Dickinson has turned her passion for the music industry into "We Are The Kids," a website with more than 25,000 devoted readers., Jerseys worn by the men's baseball team to honor the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings are being auctioned off the benefit The One Fund., It's official. Thanks for all of the feedback!, Northeastern hosted Student Veteran Appreciation Day on Saturday, a daylong symposium featuring a series of discussions, workshops, and networking opportunities for young service men and women., A member of the pharmacy faculty looks at concerns around lowering, or eliminating, the age requirement to purchase emergency contraception., You won't design an airplane on Facebook, but that doesn't mean social networking tools don't play a role in the re-shaping product development., From why we build robot animals, to the science of Game of Thrones, to the synergy of ocean science and art, get a behind-the-scenes look at the exciting research graduate students in Northeastern's Marine Science Center are doing!, Find out why H7N9 is more severe than past strains., Star distance runner for the men's track and field team, Eric Jenkins, has set his sights on winning the 5,000-meter race at the 2013 NCAA Track and Field Championships in June., Beautiful day on campus!

Photo by Glenn Pike., While the store owner saw $500 in damage, his marketing guy, Northeastern alum Rocky Slaughter, saw a priceless opportunity., Learn about the growing field of nutrigenomics, in which researchers are studying how the nutrients we consume affect gene expression., When employing billions of spiders isn't feasible, how can we mass produce spider silk, the world's toughest material?, Need some summer plans? Check out the special "Summester" events and programs, like weekend escapes to the Cape and Red Sox games., Got intramurals? Registration for Summer 1 intramural sports continues through Monday, May 13th at 3 p.m., Jason Collins' historic announcement isn't just about sexual orientation, it's also about racial identity., A trio of architecture students have been tasked with imagining new housing opportunities in Dudley Square, between Washington Street and Harrison Avenue., Jason Vega, a former outside linebacker for the Northeastern Huskies, has signed a three-year contract with the New England Patriots., From left, first-year students Tory Babchak, Elena Shikaloff, and Michael Barnes play volleyball in West Village during Tuesday's summer-like weather. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Nine new degree programs designed to meet critical workplace needs within Charlotte-based industries will be launched at Northeastern University Charlotte., Check out five alumni from the Class of 2013 whose entrepreneurial tracks exemplify the wide range of opportunities on campus and around the world., Smarter travel, next-generation cities, and health policies: three young alums make a difference in the public sector., Quantum dots may sound like science fiction, but they have a real impact on our rivers and streams., Northeastern students play an important role in the Mission Hill Little League program, coaching and mentoring dozens of budding ballplayers., Junior Aaron Barbosa set the all-time Northeastern baseball record for steals on Sunday with the 67th of his career. Go NU!, Hilary Sullivan, left, associate director of service and community partnerships, presents flowers to second-year communication studies major Brooke Hoger, the service-learning program assistant co-op, during the first annual Pancakes and Partnerships breakfast last week. The event, hosted by Northeastern's Center for Community Service, aims to recognize the efforts of the center's community partners to engage students in meaningful community service. Photo by Brooks Canaday., Swing by Gallery 360 between now and the end of May for an exhibit which represents the best work by talented young artists in the Department of Art + Design., An interactive Google map designed by Northeastern network scientists tracks tweets using fear-related words that came out of Boston on April 15th, 2013 – with a very obvious spike at 2:49 p.m., Civil engineering students at Northeastern built a mini-Tobin bridge, capable of holding a Kia Rio., North­eastern stu­dents may be headed down many dif­ferent paths after grad­u­a­tion, but they share a common direc­tion: up., VOLUNTEERS NEEDED: Participate in Professor David Lazer's study on social interactions during a time of crisis – like the Boston Marathon bombings. Complete the mobile survey and the team will donate $3 per person to the One Fund Boston., Congratulations again to the Class of 2013 and best of luck with life's next big adventure., 30 seconds + 3,000 degrees = one amazing commencement time lapse., At Northeastern’s 111th undergraduate Commencement ceremony, the university celebrated the Class of 2013 and presented an honorary degree to the first responders and law enforcement who selflessly sprung into action following the Boston Marathon bombings., Were you there?!?! 1) Zoom in 2) Find yourself 3) Tag yourself in this massive photo from Northeastern's 111th commencement ceremony this morning at TD Garden!, Members of the third graduating class of Torch Scholars shared some of their life-changing experiences while at Northeastern and received advice from mentors and administrators at a luncheon on Thursday afternoon http://bit.ly/135zuXJ, Boston Police Commissioner Edward F. Davis III accepted an honorary degree, Doctor of Public Service, for his leadership and on behalf of first responders and law enforcement who acted so bravely in response to the Boston Marathon bombings. MA Governor Deval Patrick read the degree for Davis., Hey Northeastern alums, what advice do you have for the Class of 2013? #NU2013, "It was at Northeastern that I grasped the value of a global education," said student speaker Miguel de Corral, who just took the stage at Commencement., Don't miss a single photo, tweet or FB post today! We are pulling all social media content that uses #NU2013 onto our social media hub: http://bit.ly/11GZC8t, Check out our hub of stories, videos and photos of Northeastern’s 2013 Com­mence­ment at TD Garden and Matthews Arena. #NU2013, All-day Commencement coverage here, on Twitter and on Instagram. Share your photos and tweets using #NU2013. Congratulations graduates!!!!!, Almost ready for the big day. See you in a couple of hours, graduates! #NU2013, Woo Hoo! #NU2013

Photo by Brooks Canaday, A trillion dollars of healthcare budget can be chalked up to waste. Graduating senior Kendall Sanderson is using engineering practices to help make the industry more efficient. http://bit.ly/10Yj1a1, Anderson Page describes the 144-square foot 'tiny mansion' he built for his senior thesis project as "'really nice and roomy on the inside." http://bit.ly/10YiOnh, One day until Commencement. Are you as excited as we are?! #NU2013, Places like the Barnett Institute help speed up the process of bringing big ideas from the academic lab bench to commercial product. http://bit.ly/ZBAEtk, Northeastern alumnus and award-winning engineer Jack D. Bryant will be presented with an honorary degree at commencement this Friday. Learn more about the impacts he's made, from the world of engineering to our nation's history., At the Outstanding Cooperative Education Awards Ceremony, 17 accomplished seniors were recognized for their accomplishments in co-op., "If Tony Stark can do it in a cave with scraps," then so can this capstone team., The Brain Initiative will work to map human neural connections. Network scientist Albert-Laszlo Barabasi calls for a similar effort to map the molecular interactions that cause disease, or the human "diseasome.", Two days until Commencement. What are your post-graduation plans? #NU2013, See how after the College of Professional Studies' commencement ceremony on Saturday, Ashley's day was made even more memorable., “We’re not looking for the next Justin Bieber, the next Adele, the next 'fill-in-the-blank.' We’re looking for the next unique act.”, We're looking forward to presenting South Boston native and award-winning chef Barbara Lynch with an honorary degree at commencement this year. Find out more about her path to becoming one of the nation's leading restauranteurs., Members of the Northeastern community are ready to run the 9K to Home Base this weekend, in support of veterans who suffer from the invisible wounds of war., Coming this fall…, Three days until Commencement. What was your favorite co-op experience? #NU2013, Now what? Last week, Northeastern faculty members weighed in on issues raised by the Boston Marathon bombings and the search for the perpetrators, with a focus on the motivation for the crime, the importance of resilience, and the role of social media., Making tomorrow happen: The university unveiled a banner this weekend that highlights the range of dynamic, use-inspired faculty research taking place at Northeastern., Four days until Commencement. What was your favorite local spot while an undergrad at Northeastern? #NU2013, Through network scientists' research into our social interactions, we can better learn how people communicate in a time of crisis like the Boston Marathon bombings. And in Professor David Lazer's study, if you complete the survey, the team will also donate $3 per person to the One Fund Boston., Boston Strong — This Friday, at Northeastern's 111th commencement ceremony, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick will be reading the honorary degree for Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis III, who will accept the degree on behalf of the first responders and law enforcement who acted with extraordinary courage, compassion, and resolve following the tragic Boston Marathon bombings., 6 days until commencement. What will you miss the most about Northeastern? #NU2013, If the arrival of spring has you counting down to the return of winter, this is good news for you! The men's ice hockey team will return to Fenway Park to face Umass Lowell in January 2014. Ticket information will be announced in the coming months., Alexandra and Courtney Hastings aren't packing away their shoes just yet –  read more about the sisters' success and find out about the benefit show planned with other local Irish dance groups in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings., Pharmaceutical sciences researchers turn brain cells into drug factories that protest against Parkinson's disease., Though written decades before the creation of the internet, James Joyce's Finnegans Wake has a lot in common with today's memes., Seven days until Commencement. How has Northeastern made you Boston Strong? #NU2013, We wish we were going to space, too! Find out what physics major Justin Dowd, who will make the journey in a year, is doing to get ready., The Marino Center, in its 17th year of existence, has made the list of The 25 Most Amazing Campus Student Recreation Centers!, Congratulations to the Nor'easters for taking home first at the Varsity Vocals International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella!, What's the trick to photographing fish? Ask underwater photographer and Northeastern Provost Stephen Director, who rarely takes a dive without a camera., Joseph Tucci, chairman and CEO of EMC corporation will discuss cloud computing, big data and IT security at tomorrow's CEO breakfast series. The event will be streamed live on Northeastern's homepage and Facebook. Submit your questions for him here or via Twitter with #NUCEO!, Twenty-five service-learning courses, 450 students, 16,890 hours of service. Find out what students showcased at this year's Service-Learning EXPO: EXPOse Your Minds to Service-Learning., The Northeastern Biochemistry Club attributes their success to strong friendships and a deep interest in the field., Spring has hit Northeastern's campus! Photo by Brooks Canaday., Third-year behavioral neuroscience major Julia Ebert was awarded the prestigious Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship for her work in Northeastern's Action Lab studying human motor control., Alex Guarnaschelli, executive chef and star on Iron Chef America and Chopped, showed off her old-school comfort food and culinary skills that propelled her to celebrity chef stardom., Experts from academia and industry gathered at Northeastern's graduate campus in Seattle to discuss the impact gaming has on health and education., Say so long to the lone physician. Today's healthcare is for the team players., Outstanding juniors and seniors were recognized for their extraordinary achievements in areas ranging from academics to athletics., Members of the Northeastern community gathered on Centennial Common to honor the victims of last Monday's attack with a moment of silence. Photo by Mary Knox Merrill, Rather than writing a paper or making a presentation, students in the Service-Learning Advocacy Workshop organized a day of events aimed at improving the lives of foster children in Massachusetts as their final project., First-year students Jacqueline Li, front, and Megan Coburn, rear, relax on Centennial Common on an early spring day., At the Academic Honors Convocation last week students, faculty, and staff were recognized for their extraordinary achievements in areas including research, scholarship, teaching, and mentoring., Friday's dramatic manhunt for the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings concluded an emotional week through which the university community banded together to lend their time, expertise, and compassion to the relief efforts., Join us today at 2:50 pm on Centennial Common as we honor the victims of last Monday's attack with a moment of silence., A message from President Joseph E. Aoun to the Northeastern Community:

#NUtogether
April 20, 2013

It has been a tumultuous week, but together, we persevered. Throughout the week, the resilience, and unshakable character of the Northeastern community – and our entire city – has been on full display. 

Together, we’ve been – and will continue to be – Boston strong.

As my wife and I visited the dining halls last night, we were impressed and awed by the empathy of the Northeastern family – students, faculty colleagues, and staff – despite the disturbing and unpredictable events of the day.

I thank each of you for the grace and care you have shown each other. I commend our colleagues in Public Safety, Dining Services, and Student Affairs, who made special efforts to assure that our students were looked after while the “shelter in place” recommendation was in effect. 

I also want to acknowledge once again the more than 50 Northeastern physical therapy students, nursing students, and students working at area hospitals who cared for the injured and assisted in the response at the Marathon site. You’ve made us so proud – and have the thanks of a grateful city.

Finally, we’re so grateful that the Northeastern students, parents, and members of our university family who were injured at the Marathon are recovering. Even as we begin to move on, I know that all of us will continue to keep the victims of Monday’s attack in our hearts and minds.

As always, counseling resources are available to members of our community who may need them. Northeastern students can contact the WeCare program at wecare@neu.edu or (617) 373-4384. Northeastern faculty and staff may contact the Employee Assistance Program at(877) 739-3989.

As all of you know, the end of the academic year is a time of culminations, celebrations, and new beginnings. We’ve been through a lot together these past few days.  Now, as Commencement approaches in less than two weeks, I know all of us are eager to look ahead and embrace the spirit of the season at Northeastern. 

I look forward to all of us sharing in the excitement and joy together!

Sincerely,

Joseph E. Aoun
President, Now that the police activity has reached closure, we want to once again thank the Northeastern community for your continued patience and cooperation throughout this difficult day. 

As a reminder, the university will be open tomorrow and normal Saturday operations will resume. Saturday classes remain canceled, and the CPS commencement ceremony and Welcome Day activities remain rescheduled for Sunday. 

Today's final exams that were canceled are being rescheduled. Most students have been contacted by their faculty with alternative accommodations, including new dates and times. We ask all students with finals pending to consult with their professors on when and how work can be completed in the next couple of days.

We also thank our many colleagues who have been working tirelessly to accommodate campus residents during these unusual circumstances.

Our WeCare program is also available 24/7 for those who need assistance or support of any kind at wecare@neu.edu or (617) 373-4384.

All updates can be found on northeastern.edu/emergency, Thank you all for your continued patience throughout this difficult day. We appreciate your understanding and your adherence to the public safety recommendations. The "shelter in place" order has been lifted and MBTA service will now resume.

The university will be open tomorrow and normal Saturday operations will resume. Saturday classes remain canceled and the CPS Commencement ceremony and the Welcome Day activities remain rescheduled for Sunday.

Tonight, the dining halls are open until 8:00 p.m. and Rebecca's Cafe is offering a selection of prepared sandwiches for those without meal plans until 8:30 p.m.

We also thank our many colleagues who have been working tirelessly to accommodate campus residents during these unusual circumstances.

This is the last update until tomorrow morning, unless there is an important development that warrants an additional message.

We would still urge campus residents to remain vigilant as you resume your activities outside residence halls. Our university public safety officers continue to maintain a strong presence throughout the Northeastern area, including at on- and off-campus residence halls. Our WeCare program is also available 24/7 for those who need assistance or support of any kind at wecare@neu.edu or (617) 373-4384.

We will continue to monitor the developments and provide timely updates via NU Alert email, text and tweets from @Northeastern. All updates can be found on northeastern.edu/emergency., UPDATE: Changes to Saturday events

The Governor's "shelter in place" order is still in effect and campus residents are advised to stay indoors until state officials say otherwise. The MBTA remains shut down as well.

As a result, we are rescheduling two major university events currently planned for Saturday. The College of Professional Studies' Commencement exercises and the Northeastern Welcome Day have been rescheduled for Sunday. As of now, the start times and locations for both events remain the same, but they will take place on Sunday instead of Saturday. Should new developments warrant additional changes we will send out an update as soon as possible. All classes scheduled for Saturday are cancelled.
 
We thank the Northeastern community for your patience and flexibility, and we also thank our many colleagues who have been working tirelessly to accommodate these unusual circumstances.
 
Our University public safety officers continue to maintain a strong presence throughout the Northeastern area, including at on- and off-campus residence halls. Our WeCare program is also available 24/7 for those who need assistance or support of any kind at wecare@neu.edu or(617) 373-4384.
 
We will be sending additional updates via NU Alert email, text and tweets from @Northeastern. All updates can be found on northeastern.edu/emergency., Northeastern Dining schedule update., null, The safety and security of the Northeastern community remains our top priority. We are also mindful of the fact that the university's closure today has disrupted the first scheduled day of final exams. We are working closely with the deans and the faculty to develop alternative arrangements so students can complete all of their work in the coming days. We will continue to provide updates as new schedules are being developed. Students will be notified by their faculty of the exact time and day of the final exam, including alternative ways to submit work when appropriate.

All updates can be found on northeastern.edu/emergency., The “shelter in place” order remains in effect for ALL of Boston as intense police activity continues. Please stay indoors, keep doors locked and stay away from windows. The Northeastern community is advised to follow these public safety recommendations as the Boston campus remains closed and all events are canceled. University public safety continues to maintain a strong presence. We will be sending additional updates via NU Alert email, text and tweet from @Northeastern. 

All updates can be found on northeastern.edu/emergency., UPDATE: The Governor of Massachusetts is adding Boston to the list of communities that should "shelter in place," meaning that residents should stay indoors and keep their doors locked. This applies to the main Northeastern campus in Boston, including residence halls. 

Please monitor northeastern.edu/emergency for updates., University Closed Today

Although the Northeastern campus is safe and unaffected by the overnight incidents in Cambridge and Watertown, the complete closure of the MBTA and need for residents of many surrounding communities to remain home has led Northeastern to close today. Additional information will be communicated as soon as it is available., For the first time, we can put numbers on what we know., Professor Gary Young and his colleagues are the first in the nation to analyze hospitals' community benefits practices., Come celebrate the achievements of the Northeastern community at the Academic Honors Convocation at 3:00 p.m. in the Curry Student Center Ballroom. Can't make it? You can watch the event live here: http://on.fb.me/NUlive, Facilities employee Stan Lawrence lowers the flags outside of the Northeastern University School of Law Library to half-staff after the bombing attacks at the 2013 Boston Marathon., Boston's rapid response to the attack at the marathon shows the world how a tragedy can be met with competence and compassion., Join us as we celebrate the highest achievements of our distinguished community at the Academic Honors Convocation tomorrow at 3:00 p.m. in the Curry Student Center Ballroom., Thirteen Northeastern students presented social enterprise solutions for lifting communities out of poverty at the annual Clinton Global Initiative University meeting in St. Louis., null, The virtually interfaced robotic ankle and balance trainer, or vi-RABT, tries to help patients be nimble like a rabbit once again., "No matter how many bombs you set off in the city of Boston, you can't take the beauty out of this city and you can't take the strength out of the people that live here.", Several hundred students, faculty, staff, and university leaders gathered together yesterday to reflect a day after the Boston Marathon bombings., Northeastern students, faculty, staff, and friends: A reminder to join us in the Curry Student Center Ballroom in 25 minutes for a vigil as we show our support of those affected by the tragedy at the Boston Marathon., Members of Northeastern's Black Engineering Student Society took home first and second place honors at the second annual Technical Challenge Competition sponsored by Draper Laboratory., Opportunity knocks: Three students in Northeastern's University Scholars Program share their first-year experiences as part of this unique group., A vigil will be held today at 4pm in the Curry Student Center. More information coming soon., Following the two explosions that occurred near the Boston Marathon finish line Monday, a number of resources are being made available to students, faculty, and staff. Find out more here., Remember when it was spring for a day? Nan Cai, a third-year Ph.D. student from China studying environmental engineering, took advantage of the chance sun and snapped pictures of blooming dogwoods next to the Bernard M. Gordon Tribute to Engineering Leadership archway. Photo by Mary Knox Merrill, Five years after a high school trip to Zambia, Danielle Fontaine returned to Africa on co-op to teach elementary school children at an orphanage in Ethiopia., Superbatteries, supermagnets and microalgae: the alternative energy resources of the future., Congratulations to Lucas Schoeppner, Lauren Byrnes and Hollis Thomann, three Northeastern students who have received Fulbright Scholarships and will travel to Germany to study, conduct research, and teach., On Tuesday, first-year student Jacob Hampel, right, and other Phi Delta Theta fraternity brothers did planks outside of Snell Library for every dollar people donated during "Planks for Plank." Donations will be used to help pay the hospital bills of Steve "Plank" Sapp, a brother in the Rochester Institute of Technology chapter, who was injured in a car accident in March. Photo by Brooks Canaday, By 2020, one in six Americans will be age 65 or older. How do we grow old gracefully – and healthily – in the early 21st century?, Professors and students who 'heart' the community recently provided blood-pressure screenings and health education to Boston-area residents as part of the Million Hearts Initiative, a larger national health campaign., Style, savvy, and killer instincts have these music industry alums headed straight to the top., Enter augmented reality: Seven seniors developed a mobile app, arc, which helps to bridge the gap between architects and the public in city planning., Husky Ambassadors surprised campus visitors with a special flashmob during their recent visit to Northeastern!, "Look, a penny" - Mark Nakib via Facebook, From stuffed jalepenos to orange cake with cherry apple compote, Christina Ferrara proved to a crowd of hungry Huskies that she knows a thing or two about making food delectable., Can you imagine making 3,000 peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in one night? That's what students in the Northeastern chapter of Circle K International did last month to donate the sandwiches to local shelters., Recalling the efforts of Charlotte, N.C. to become a global model of environmental sustainability, Divyanshu Kamboj worked through Northeastern's graduate campus to test solar-powered streetlights in the city's airport., First-year student Erika Nothnagel (center) and fourth-year student Spencer Heyl (right) joined other students to help clean the Mission Hill Community Garden at Parker and Oscar streets on Saturday. The cleanup was part of the second annual Neighbor to Neighbor volunteer day, organized by the Office of City and Community Affairs and Off Campus Student Services., Criminal law expert Daniel Medwed presents a convincing case for why innocent defendants plead guilty and why well-meaning prosecutors make decisions that contribute to wrongful convictions., "If we do business as usual, we're going to miss many opportunities," guest lecturer President Aoun told the School of Architecture's "Understanding Design" class last week., Brett Hansson, a graduate student in architecture balancing on a slack line in Centennial Common, or is he just Spiderman? Submit your best caption for this photo and look out for the winner tomorrow!, Husky Startup Challenge concludes on Monday with Demo Day, where budding entrepreneurs will showcase the big ideas and ventures they've been working on all semester., Northeastern's own iNSolution blogger took actor Johnny Depp to her eighth grade dance. Or did she? Network scientists say her social ties might hinder the spread of that rumor., Photo by Brooks Canaday | Campus Seen, Hey Huskies, vote your top dog before 6 p.m. tonight! If you still haven't voted for your next SGA President and EVP, there's still time! Voting is open to all full-time undergraduate students., As part of this year's Campus MovieFest, three Northeastern students will have their short films screened in Hollywood. Have you checked out 'No Chance,' 'Flint' or 'Library: A Quiet Film' yet?, Julie Conlon, a student in the College of Social Sciences and Humanities, admires one of the pieces in Gallery 360's annual faculty exhibition celebrating the work of faculty in the Department of Art + Design. The exhibition is on display through April 17. Photo by Jamie Levine., In a mobile economy saturated by millions of applications, pre-launch buzz can make all of the difference. That's where PreApps comes in., Birds sing, dolphins click, but no animals exhibit the same communication structure of human language. Find out why., You've never seen Northeastern like this before. Get a sneak peek behind the scenes with Campus Seen, a new photo blog by staff photographer Brooks Canaday. http://bit.ly/campusseen, "The more educated people are, the less these problems exist," explained Daphne Koller, who believes that free online education has the potential to promote world peace and solve global challenges., Calling all Huskies! Vote NOW for Northeastern in the Final Round of BostInno's Campus Innovation March Madness Challenge!, Big companies won't produce custom guitars for musicians unless they've sold millions of records, but Moniker Guitars, co-founded by a Northeastern alum, will!, Once a tool merely for entertainment, gaming has become a fun way to provide education across a variety of disciplines., The mission of a hospital is to provide quality patient care, not to develop advanced information technologies. That's exactly where healthcare-savvy programmers come in., Please join us in Raytheon Amphitheater at 5 p.m. for a talk with Coursera co-founder, Daphne Koller, on MOOCs and the online education revolution. Submit your questions for Daphne here or on Twitter using #NUSpeakers!, Music industry major Caitlyn Dougher drew thousands of concertgoers from around the world to the five-day Iceland Airwaves music festival by tapping into her social media skills., From the election of Harvey Milk in the 1970s to pop culture representations like "Will and Grace" in the 1990s, increased visibility of LGBTQ Americans over time has played an important roll in shaping public opinion, says Professor Sarah Jackson., “This is the first evi­dence that the prac­tice of meditation – even for brief periods of time – increases peo­ples’ responsive­ness and moti­va­tion to relieve the suf­fering of others.”, Students give each other a group hug in the Library Quad during a Kindness Carnival, one of many activities throughout the "Day of Good Deeds" sponsored by the Center for Spirituality, Dialogue, and Service, the Northeastern University Interfaith Council, and the Student Government Association. Photo by Jamie Levine, Northeastern's beloved King Husky starts his training early and has set his sights on the Westminster Dog Show. http://bit.ly/YYNyU7, Northeastern has signed a five-year trial agreement with the U.S. Collegiate Athletic Federation to become the first school to offer table tennis as a varsity sport., We're looking forward to hosting Daphne Koller on Wednesday at the next Profiles in Innovation event. Maybe she'll give us an underwater basket weaving demo, too!, The improved subterranean network will reduce the necessity for students, faculty and staff to travel above ground and deal with grueling outdoor conditions, like sun., NUTV reports: Rumors swirl around campus that a grudge has formed between two local icons., We may finally know why Bostonians drop their R's and why the city's drivers take to the street with such terrifying abandon., Northeastern's new Biomedical Engineering Society chapter provides a home on campus for students interested in this industry, says Alex Conville its president., Huskies (left: King Husky, right: Nike) spotted near Snell Library today!

Photo by Brooks Canaday., "If the appointment of a woman is seen as tokenism, she will have difficulty making changes," says assistant professor Amy Farrell., Computer games have come a long way in the last few decades. Come Play + Innovate at Northeastern's next Pop Up Open Lab on Monday to see how researchers are playing a role., What's it like to carry a 40-pound jug of water for a quarter mile? To raise awareness of water access in third-world countries, where this is a daily reality, students with Engineers Without Borders organized a Jerry Can Challenge. Photo by Brooks Canaday, From writing remarks for President Obama in DC to working at the Consulate General in Scotland, Terrell Hunt says it's been a rare privilege to experience diplomacy from two sides of the globe., Bargain with the Devil? Daniel Medwed will deliver the 49th Annual Robert D. Klein Lecture on his research regarding the pressures innocent criminal defendants feel to plead guilty., First-year student Conor Gay played wiffleball outside of Speare Hall on a warm day earlier this month., Student ownership is key, says Greg Skloot, former president of NU Entrepreneurs Club., Huskies, have you been following the MOOC movement? Coursera co-founder Daphne Koller will be on campus April 3rd to talk about the future of online education as part of the next Profiles in Innovation event. Post your questions for Daphne here, or on Twitter using #NUSpeakers., Though she hadn't planned for her first co-op to be outside the U.S., Emma Rubbins-Breen couldn't shake the idea of working abroad with a social enterprise organization in Paraguay., "It's like being on co-op, but you have to do a different job every week," said Elliott Poppel of NU's Huntington Management Consulting., What does a birds-eye view of IBM's operations in the Philippines look like?, Would you take an online course on making homemade cologne with Michael Pollastri? Taking self-portraits with Provost Stephen Director? Yodeling with President Aoun?, Even though we can only view it indirectly, as if looking at your self in a mirror through another mirror, physicists see art in the Higgs Boson., What factors promote invasive species' success? Researchers have recently validated that they're different on land than they are in the sea., President Aoun joined members of the Northeastern Hillel House for a Passover Seder in the Curry Student Center Ballroom on Monday night., “The entre­pre­neurial spirit that Amer­i­cans have made me realize that I can create a lot more by com­bining my artistic pur­suits with solid busi­ness training,”says Mau­reen McMullan, a Scottish singer pursuing her MBA at Northeastern., Are open online communities alienating to women? Very much so, says web communications expert Joseph Reagle., From Filter Light – a low-cost, human-powered, UV water-filtration system for Third World countries – to an app that helps architects better navigate city planning, RISE:2013 showcased Northeastern's use-inspired research that addresses global challenges., Members of the Resident Student Association and Student Government Association gave out hot chocolate and coffee along with travel mugs, and other free items last week to promote RecycleMania., As day turns to night, the Curry Student Center serves as the backdrop to members of the Northeastern community walking around campus., Imagine if cars moved from the push of wind alone. It would be a pretty inefficient way to drive, but it's exactly how molecular machines work., As if stepping off the pages of a sci-fi novel, scientists are now able to bring species back from extinction. But should they?, I am Northeastern. Five students reflected on the value of experiential learning at the second event in a yearlong educational series on civic sustainability., RISE and shine, Huskies! RISE:2013 is going on now in Cabot Cage and will be followed by an awards ceremony in Raytheon Amphitheater., Nathan Englander, author of "What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank," explored questions of Jewish history and the complexity of shedding light on culture and identity through a Jewish lens during the second annual Morton E. Ruderman Memorial Lecture., Sheila Lirio Marcelo, founder and CEO of Care.com, shared her entrepreneurial journey and the critical components of building a strong brand at Northeastern’s CEO Breakfast Forum., It was announced at yesterday's second #NUSmoke Free forum that final recommendations for the university will be drafted by semester's end. What do you think should be done?, Looking for a co-op with a startup? Tomorrow night's event in Curry is for you: 25 employers from startups and innovative firms in Boston and New York will be at the networking expo., It's time for Rise:2013! Stop by Cabot Cage this Friday to see the nearly 400 projects highlighting everything from breast cancer imaging to urban revitalization., Northeastern received 47,322 applications for approximately 2,800 seats for the fall 2013 freshman class. They have exceeded all prior benchmarks of quality, total applicants, and geographic diversity., Health Care for All, a healthcare advocacy group, named a leadership award for John Auerbach, a distinguished member of Northeastern's faculty and director of the Institute on Urban Health Research., Congratulations to the men's basketball team on an outstanding season filled with nonstop excitement and history-making achievements. Go NU!, A quick reminder, Huskies: Come to 20 West Village F at 6 p.m. for the next town-hall meeting about #NUSmokeFree., For the fifth consecutive year, Northeastern's commitment to serving the community has been recognized by the President's Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll., Alumnus James Gabbe's "Journey with the Giant," started with his co-op experience while at Northeastern. Catch the screening of the new documentary on Thursday at 5:30 p.m. in West Village F., Who do you have winning the NCAA Tournament? Northeastern AD Peter Roby, who was on the selection committee that narrowed down the field, has the scoop on this year's bracket., Like Lego building blocks, a delivery system for cancer drugs allows pharmaceutical companies to develop customized drug carriers that evade resistance., Fifty years later, are fair-trial laws more aspirational than operational?, What does a smoke-free Northeastern look like to you? Join us tomorrow at 6 p.m. in West Village F to continue the dialogue about #NUSmokeFree., One week to create a five-minute movie, could you do it? 100+ Northeastern teams are competing at this year's Campus MovieFest—the world's largest student film festival., Sheila Lirio Marcelo, founder and CEO of Care.com, will share her thoughts on branding at Wednesday's CEO breakfast. The event will be streamed live on Facebook and on Northeastern's homepage. Submit your questions here or via Twitter with #NUCEO., A smoke-free Northeastern would not prohibit smoking on the public sidewalks on and around the campus. Does this fact affect your opinion of the proposal?, Italian politics got complicated last month with a never-before-seen hung parliament. Find out how Northeastern network scientists fared in their predictions as they watched the elections play out., Getting better drugs and vaccines to fight global infectious disease requires a concerted and coordinated effort from the research community, said Ken Stuart, Northeastern alumnus and Seattle BioMed founder., On Capitol Hill this week, Northeastern students urged members of Congress to continue to support federal financial aid programs in the wake of sequestration., "28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes, 12 seconds. That is when the world will end." You've seen the movie, now see the play in Northeastern's Studio Theatre., "He hates us," explains Shelley Murphy, a Northeastern alum whose new book chronicles the life of America’s Most Wanted Gang­ster, Whitey Bulger, and the manhunt that brought him to justice., What happened when 11 Northeastern students ventured into the Florida Everglades to restore the environment?, An iPhone for under $10? A battery that charges using just your body heat? These are actual possibilities using directed assembly – the 3-D printing of the future., Happy Pi Day! Students in the Society of Physics hold up pies at a group meeting in celebration of 3.14. Photo by Brooks Canaday, Northeastern alum Adam Jones has a new gig as the evening host on Boston's 98.5 The Sports Hub. Tune in weeknights, 6-11 p.m., to hear the big-time sports media player do what he does best., Putting the power of health and change in people's hands, with a particular emphasis on those in underserved populations., From co-ops in Singapore and Ghana to Dialogue of Civilizations programs in France and Brazil, journalism major Sharlene Juste's experiential-learning opportunities spans four different continents and has changed her perspective on the world., President Aoun met with members of Northeastern's student-run science magazine yesterday. Have you checked out NU Science yet? Head here to see their latest issue: http://nusci.wordpress.com/issue-14-march-2013/., Student volunteers from the D'Amore-McKim School of Business spend their Saturdays helping others navigate the complicated tax process., When philanthropy is not enough, public policy can have a vital role in humanitarian efforts., "Reverse innovation will transform just about every industry, including energy, healthcare, transportation, housing, and consumer products," Vijay Govindarajan said at last night's Profiles in Innovation event., Despite a tough loss last night in the CAA finals, the men's basketball team had a history-making season filled with program firsts., Challenging a unified theory in the field of microbiology, research shows that not all antibiotics are created equal., During Superstorm Sandy this past fall, what resources did people need, and how did they stay connected with others? These are just a few questions as part of a new app that seeks to better understand what role social media plays in natural disasters., Didn't roadtrip down to Richmond? Head to Curry at 6:45 p.m. for the men's basketball CAA championship game campus viewing party or tune into NBC Sports Network to cheer them on from home!, After a historic comeback, men's basketball will now face James Madison tonight at 7 p.m. in their first ever appearance in the CAA title game and for a bid to the NCAA tournament., Everything is in reverse. Join President Aoun and Vijay Govindarajan at 5 p.m. tonight for a conversation on Reverse Innovation. Submit your questions for VG here, or on Twitter using #NUSpeakers!, Congratulations to Coach Coen and the men's basketball team on a great win against George Mason! Only one game away from the NCAA Tournament. Go NU!, Matthias Ruth and his team of researchers are learning from past earthquakes, like the one that devastated Italy in 2009, and teaching other cities how to prepare for disasters., Photo by Brooks Canaday., The Dow Jones industrial average reached a record high on Tuesday. Instead of sitting on the sidelines, here are some tips for how to play the Dow's third strongest bull market since World War II., Waves crash on the coastline near Northeastern's Marine Science Center in Nahant, Mass., on Thursday during the storm. Photo by Brooks Canaday., The men's basketball team is only two wins away from reaching the NCAA tournament for the first time in more than two decades., A generation ago, students would say they “graduated from college,” but now they “graduate college". Backed by a Google Faculty Research Award, assistant professor David Smith is using digitized texts to study these tiny fluctuations in the way we use language., Researchers at Northeastern have validated the positive health effects of the "Mediterranean Diet," which is based on good quality, whole foods and a balanced dietary pattern low in refined carbs and saturated fat., Rob Delorme is one of several students working this week at the Sloth Sanctuary in Costa Rica as part of Northeastern's Alternative Spring Break., Tomorrow at 7:30 PM, the Northeastern men's hockey team will skate in its last home game this season against cross-town rivals the BU Terriers. Graduates from the last 10 years are invited as part of Young Alumni Night and can get tickets for $10. Can't make it? The game will be televised on CBS Sports Network!, The women's basketball team will host Hofstra tonight in search of a program-record 11th home win., The Center for STEM Education at Northeastern University hosted the Boston Science Fair over the weekend, where middle- and high-school students showed off the fruits of their researching labors., Earlier this week, President Aoun met with Senators and Representatives in Washington to discuss federal regulation of higher education and to stress the need for the capitol's support of programs that increase student-aid funding and incentivize innovation of higher education., Northeastern's baseball team has its eye on a conference title after winning four games in a row., The cold is no match for Northeastern students Samuca Flows, Ian McLarney, Behic Pektas and Chenfei Liang, who play a game of soccer next to the Bernard Gordon Tribute Archway., How can we prepare for and defend against a "cyber-9/11"? Assistant professor and cybersecurity expert William Robertson weighs in., Vijay Govindarajan, one of the world's leading strategy and innovation experts, will join President Aoun for a discussion on March 11th. Post your questions for VG here, or on Twitter using #NUSpeakers!, Internship experience is the single most important factor employers look for, according to a new national survey. This fares well for Northeastern students and graduates, and reinforces the importance of our experiential-learning model., Much like radar works through noisy data to pinpoint location, could your emotional state be determined simply by measuring your heart rate and pupil diameter?, Harry Potter fans rejoice. New research from electrical and computer engineering associate professor Hossein Mosallaei could pave the way for ground-breaking invisible cloaking applications., California's Proposition 8 is facing opposition from the Department of Justice, who argues that the ban on same-sex marriage is "rooted in impermissible prejudice.", To wrap up Black History Month, guests from inside and outside of the Northeastern community gathered on Thursday for a tribute to African-American veterans., Students, staying local for co-op next week? Here's a week full of spring break events just for you. Hope to see you at the kickoff, Casino Night, this Sunday!, What's all the buzz about 3D printing?, It's been a wild ride! Come see the men's basketball team in their last home appearance on Saturday at 12 p.m. in Matthews. Go Huskies!, How can we design sustainable cities that can adapt to meet the needs of an evolving populace?, Laura Mueller-Soppart had her "Aha!" moment during an internship at the White House., Caring for sloths in Costa Rica, tutoring orphaned children in the Dominican Republic, protecting natural resources in the Everglades, or becoming immersed in the Cherokee Nation community in Oklahoma – take a look at what volunteers with Northeastern ASB will be up to next week on spring break., Kendall Coyne, named the Beanpot's Most Valuable Player, has proven her skills on the rink time and time again., The men's basketball team has claimed their first regular season title in 20 years and are headed to the CAA tournament in Richmond – tickets are still available! Go Huskies!, Model NATO students credit their first-place honors to months of preparation, superb team chemistry, and a shared passion for political debate., Stay dry!, Surprisingly college campuses are the third most popular venue for a hate crime. At the first event of a yearlong series on "civic sustainability," students were encouraged to embrace diversity, practice empathy, and abandon prejudice., "The amount a student may get from the state may seem small compared to a Pell grant or a Northeastern scholarship. But it really makes a big difference.", Northeastern University Alumni has 33 chapters around the world: 25 domestic and eight international. Get involved in your local alumni chapter!, Come cheer on our Beanpot champions as they host the Vermont Catamounts this Saturday at 7 p.m. in the quarterfinals of the Women's Hockey East Playoffs., Over a decade later, a Northeastern professor's 2001 cancer research continues to pave the way for future discoveries about the inner workings of the immune system., From Taylor Swift and Top 40's music to hip hop or heavy metal, pairing students based on musical preference has significantly decreased the number of students who ask for room reassignments each semester., Northeastern University Seattle is more than just a graduate campus, it's a commitment to long-term, sustainable partnerships, research, and investment in the Seattle community., The Vietnamese Student Association, recently named the 2012 Organization of the Year by the Office of Campus Activities, strives to "bridge the gap between Vietnamese and Vietnamese-American students.", A Northeastern professor is applying her research to Boston's Latino community and teaming up with the Boston Public Health Commission to address alcohol-related health disparities., Having celebrity endorsers can make or break a brand, but what happens when that celebrity becomes engulfed in scandal?, Ready to Quit? Find out more about UHCS' free, comprehensive program to help students quit smoking., Which film will win Best Picture tonight? #Oscars2013, The results of the 2013 Coolest Co-op Video Contest are in! Check out the three winners recognized for their videos showcasing co-ops at Jola Ventures Inc., NBC Nightly News and Gexpro., That extreme weather that we've been experiencing isn't going anywhere. According to climate change models, researchers predict it will persist into the next century., From college basketball star to reality-show cast member to radio co-host, alumna Ashlee Feldman has never been one to sit on the sidelines., Northeastern went head-to-head with the Red Sox yesterday at the annual exhibition game in Fort Myers., Last year, Northeastern had 111 National Merit and National Achievement Finalists, up from three in 2006., Like actors' six degrees of separation from Kevin Bacon, each website is connected by 19 clicks or less. Find out what happened when science media gave this 14-year-old news a new burst this week., Last night's men's basketball victory, which brought in the largest crowd since February 2010, helped the Huskies clinch their first-ever share of the CAA title., "The consequences of stealing Lucky Charms!" - Submitted by Basil Coughlan via Facebook

Photo by Brooks Canaday., How does climate change affect national security?, Bringing personality to synthetic voices means that a 9-year-old girl with a speech disorder doesn't have to sound like Stephen Hawking., Jim Yong Kim, the former president of Dartmouth and current World Bank president, will deliver Northeastern's 111th commencement address., null, Think you have the best caption for this photo? Post yours and look out for the winner tomorrow!, Join President Aoun on March 11 for a discussion with Vijay Govindarajan, also known as VG. As a global business strategist, VG has advised more than a quarter of Fortune 500 firms and is co-leader of a global initiative to design a $300 house. Post your questions for VG here, or on Twitter using #NUSpeakers!, The men's basketball team will duke it out against James Madison in Matthews Arena tomorrow night. Can't make it to the game? Watch it live on Comcast SportsNet, starting at 7 p.m., Chris Wolfel, the CEO of IDEA: Northeastern's Venture Accelerator, gives the inside scoop on tomorrow night's NEXPO., At the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference this weekend, Northeastern faculty highlighted their work addressing real-world challenges in health, technology, and sustainability., Missed yesterday's Harlem Shake? Next one is at Matthews Arena on Feb. 20, see you there. #ShakeNortheastern #PackMatthews
https://www.facebook.com/events/422452497837558/

Harlem Shake Northeastern Edition: http://youtu.be/aLQYg4TmXsM
Northeastern Anti Harlem Shake: http://youtu.be/hz5fGMkYAlk

Photo by Mary Knox Merrill, Missed yesterday's Harlem Shake? Next one is at Matthews Arena on Feb. 20, see you there. #ShakeNortheastern #PackMatthews
https://www.facebook.com/events/422452497837558/

Harlem Shake Northeastern Edition: http://youtu.be/aLQYg4TmXsM
Northeastern Anti Harlem Shake: http://youtu.be/hz5fGMkYAlk

Photo by Mary Knox Merrill, And here is the REAL Harlem Shake, Northeastern edition. Conceptualized and shot entirely by students!, Northeastern students take a stand on Harlem Shake., Take a look at why Boeing has grounded its 787 Dreamliner fleet and what's next for the extremely fuel-efficient airliner., Two students spent their co-op in Cape Town, helping South African entrepreneurs use social business to reshape their country., Network scientists developed an algorithm capable of identifying the subset of components that reveal a system's overall nature., Last year, 59 student athletes were named “Top Dogs,” with GPAs of 3.8 or higher, including 14 who earned a 4.0 and 11 who earned a 3.9. Go NU!, Called "highly provocative," what does North Korea's nuclear test mean for the US and China?, Faculty Senate voted unanimously yesterday to "proceed expeditiously" toward implementing the programs, processes, and policies needed to make our campus smoke-free., The $60 million investment in the school of business, also the largest in Northeastern history, will "shape tomorrow's business leaders and entrepreneurs who will create innovations that will improve our lives.", At a reception last night, President Aoun met with Facilities staff who removed snow and kept campus clear and safe during last weekend's storm. Photo by Brooks Canaday, "Huskies win, Huskies win!" You've heard that baritone at many Northeastern Athletics events, but did you know he's also an accounting professor?, Love is in the soil ahead of Valentine's Day! One Northeastern researcher delves into the "weird" world of polygamous termites., Beanpot champs again! Congratulations to the women's hockey team!, Congratulations to the women's hockey team and its Beanpot win against BC! Go NU! Photo by Brooks Canaday, Northeastern's mean SAT scores for entering freshmen in 2012 was 1360, up from 1230 in 2006., What's next for the Catholic Church now that its pontiff, regarded by some as "God's Rottweiler", has stepped down?, Women's Beanpot Championship rematch time! Come cheer them on tonight as they face off against BC at Matthews Arena!, Happy Fat Tuesday! Join us at 5:30 PM, in the Levine Marketplace, for a pancake stacking contest, traditional New Orleans food, music and more!, CitiKitty and HoodiePillow creator Rebecca Rescate has some advice for fellow entrepreneurs looking to swim with 'sharks.', Despite a tough loss last night, congratulations to Kevin Roy of the men's hockey team for earning Beanpot MVP honors with five goals in two games., What impact would sequestration have on research labs on Northeastern's campus?, Our thanks go out to a tireless team of staff and students who kept Northeastern up and running and safe this weekend!, It's Beanpot Championship Monday! Could history be made tonight? Northeastern students think so!, From Krentzman Quad to Centennial Common – see how the storm played out on campus!, null, In case you're wondering what the campus looks like right now! Tweet your snow photos using #nemoatnu, Tune in to ABC's Shark Tank tonight at 9|8c to see Rebecca Rescate, BS '02, pitch her latest product, HoodiePillow. She's the only contestant to return to the show to pitch an entirely new product. Her first appearance was for CitiKitty., Shoveling is a chore, but there's no need to be sore! Here are some tips from professor Alycia Markowski in the Depart­ment of Phys­ical Therapy who spe­cial­izes in treat­ment for lower back pain., All this talk of snow, let's not forget about the ICE. #Beanpot #BeThere #GoNU, Northeastern has cancelled classes on Friday and Saturday, and the university’s snow-removal team will be out in full force throughout the storm to clear snow and keep campus safe., Due to the impending snowstorm, Northeastern University will be closed and all classes canceled on Friday, February 8 and Saturday, February 9. For more information, please go to: www.northeastern.edu/emergency., Northeastern has had 93 external research awards of $1 million or more since 2006., Keep the wins coming! Next up: 4PM Saturday at Old Dominion. Can't make it? Comcast SportsNet will broadcast the game throughout the East Coast., "That rare com­bi­na­tion gives our stu­dents access to courses and dis­ci­plines that would be dif­fi­cult to attain at such a great con­ve­nience and at such a high quality any­where else,” Felde said. “Here, you just have to walk across the street.”, Throughout the entirety of February, the John D. O'Bryant African-American Institute is holding events to mark Black History Month., Students and alumni, head to the Spring Career Fair today from 2-6 p.m. in Cabot Cage., Examining how nature creates super strong materials can help researchers better understand how to create synthetics., How has the Internet changed free speech and privacy?, What's that sound? A first-of-its-kind collaborative exhibit at Gallery 360 greets visitors with a cacophony of music, accompanied by photographs and documents that chronicle the life of a late Northeastern alum., null, NORTH! EASTERN! Swing by Snell Library now until 1PM to share your excitement about the upcoming men's and women's Beanpot finals against BC next Monday and Tuesday! #GoNU, Congratulations to the women's hockey team and its big Beanpot win against BU last night!! #GoHuskies!!, In 2011-2012, Northeastern provided experiential learning opportunities in 92 different countries. Where did you travel to last year?, The inaugural Sustainable Cities Conference "is yet another demonstration of Northeastern University's commitment to critically important sustainability issues.", A human arm is "miraculously complex"—double-arm transplant recovery requires re-training the brain to control three joints with 12 muscles (for starters)., President Aoun announced the new Presidential Council on Diversity and Inclusion—comprised of students, faculty and staff., Say it with us now, "NORTH!" "EASTERN!" After its first Beanpot victory against BU in 25 years, the men's hockey team is headed back to the Beanpot finals next week., See you at the Beanpot finals!

Photo by Brooks Canaday, Didn't get Beanpot tickets? Tune in to NESN tonight to watch the Northeastern Huskies face off against the BU Terriers in the first round! Puck drops at 5 p.m.!, Where have all the PCPs gone? It's time to reevaluate healthcare delivery and resolve the limited supply of caregivers., Which Carnevale events are you attending over the next two months?, Congratulations! Check out this video of the "guys" from the Fresh Truck who reached their Kickstarter goal over the weekend — another IDEA: Northeastern's Venture Accelerator alumni venture success story in the making., Northeastern alumni: Registration is still open for the Beanpot pregame at West End Johnnies, starting at 3 p.m.!, In case you missed it this weekend, the men's basketball team had a history-making game against Drexel., Delivering drugs directly to diseased cells while leaving healthy ones unharmed can be a critical solution for patients going through chemotherapy treatments., A student realizes the power of social enterprise and microcredit in the developing world, and how these tools can lift people out of poverty bit by bit., Stronger. Lighter. Cheaper. Carbon nanotechnology is being tapped to create revolutionary fibers that are more powerful than any natural or synthetic materials currently available., Northeastern's fourth president's work made him a true innovator and ambassador to the city and to the world., IDEA: Northeastern's Venture Accelerator had 75 active ventures in their 2011-2012 portfolio, and now boasts more than 100., A meeting originally intended to be an hour-long networking opportunity turned into the inaugural Middle East Career Development Conference, co-hosted by Northeastern., Huskies, look out below! Stu­dents eat, study, and con­verse in the Curry Stu­dent Center. Photo by Brooks Canaday., "I pledge to people of Massachusetts that during this interim period I will go to work every day with the needs and aspirations of state's citizens foremost in my mind.", As part of Shai Bazak's lecture yesterday, he focused on the connection between politics, journalism, and the public., A good turnout at yesterday's #NUSmokeFree forum, where the campus community learned more about the initiative, asked questions, and voiced concerns., Come cheer on the men's basketball team tonight at 7 PM as they take on the Georgia State Panthers in a BIG CAA Hoops game., "Elder abuse topples over otherwise autonomous people's lives," says advocate and alumna MT Connolly, who'll speak on the issue today at a noon in 240 Dockser., It takes 300 tons of earth to mine enough gold for a single wedding ring. And Data-mining isn't much easier!, Northeastern on-campus housing boasts 30 Living Learning Community options, with themes ranging from Women in Business to Musical Motifs. Newbie Huskies, tell us about your LLC!, Faculty and staff: Come cheer on the women's hockey team as they face off against BU in the February 5th Beanpot game and bring your family and friends! Game starts at 8PM at Matthews!, Is your desk making you fat? How standing workstations can combat major health issues like inaction and obestity., "Our whole system is built to connect all the dots," Labs to Ventures founder, Marc Meyer, says., A reminder to join us at 3:30 p.m. today, in the Cabral Center, for a forum about Northeastern's new smoke-free campus initiative., Snell Library held a town-hall style meeting last week. One of the primary topics highlighted by students? Availability of study space., null, With only five home games left this season, come out and cheer on men's basketball — the Huskies are still hot on their winning streak!, Why the Pentagon decided to lift the military ban on women., Should Northeastern go smoke-free? Come to the first meeting about it 3:30 tomorrow at the Cabral Center. #NUSmokeFree, Still feeling down from last night's Downton? A British history scholar explains why we care so much about period drama., The Northeastern women's ice hockey team clinched an impressive win against New Hampshire yesterday, despite a slow start., Scientists across institutional lines have come together to advance life-science research through revolutionary technologies, like mass spectrometry., One student focuses on inclusion, both at Northeastern and through her work at the South Boston Boys and Girls Club, for which the Boston Globe named her a Champion of Diversity., "What we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love, and wisdom, and compassion toward one another.", In case you somehow hadn't heard, check out Northeastern's two graduate campuses, which opened in the past year, Northeastern University Charlotte and Northeastern University Seattle. http://bit.ly/QI36nj, The men's basketball team made history last night by extending their undefeated CAA record to 7-0., “Our goal is for these student groups to take advantage of the opportunity to enact change and take ownership over a much broader university community.”, Help two alums reach their Kickstarter goal! They're working to launch Fresh Truck, a farmers market on wheels, that'd bring affordable produce to Boston's underserved communities., Join us noon today in Blackman Auditorium as Newton Mayor Setti Warren honors Dr. King's legacy and what it means today., Politicians and scientists speak two different languages and live in two different realities. This can mean bad news for research budgets., Taking a modern twist on a classic subject, Lene applied her English degree to something truly digital: search-engine-optimization., Join us on January 29th for an open forum on Northeastern's new smoke-free campus initiative., Have you checked your email today? Looked at your bank balance? Logged into myNEU? In all those instances and more, cryptography is keeping your data safe., Next stop NCAA tournament? Maybe, but first, the men's basketball team has to win the CAA championship game on March 11 in Richmond, Virginia. Tickets are on sale now – take a road trip to support your Huskies!, null, Northeastern has hired 333 new tentured/tenure-track faculty since 2006, many of whom have joint appointments that intersect across disciplines., Northeastern University Seattle held an open house last week to give visitors a glimpse into what the university will offer at its newest graduate campus., “Martin Luther King didn’t have any guns, he didn’t blow up any­thing, he didn’t lynch any­body. He trained boys and girls to just sit there and accept insults. That is a thing that is bigger than hope. It is survival and it is resistance and it is triumph.” — Toni Morrison, Beanpot tickets are on sale today! Stop by the lobby of Matthews Arena anytime from 12-3PM to purchase yours while you still can!, Don Anding made history yesterday by becoming the first-ever Northeastern men's soccer player to be drafted in the MLS., How do you plan to honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. this weekend?, "The million dollar question is how to get people to follow a health diet and exercise routine.", Funded by an SGA initiative, the new self-service bike-repair stand is officially up and running., Did you study or work abroad last year? In 2011-2012, 2,153 undergraduate students had a global learning experience., Why confess to doping now?, Huskies, do you have a favorite snowy spot on campus?, Men's basketball does it again! The team held on at the end of the game, winning their sixth game in seven outings., Don't over think a tough decision — instead, just take a moment and the answer will come to you., If you haven't already, check out psychology professor Ennio Mingolla's wine-making skills., Sometimes the finest wines are made in a basement., null, Grab your tickets and head to Cabot at 7PM tonight to watch the men's basketball team face Hofstra in the hopes of extending their CAA record and remaining the conference's top team., Leave a comment with your best caption! #Northeastern #CaptionContest, Making music from concept to completion, a group of students' work — performed by the Boston Modern Orchestra Project — was recorded by the Northeastern student-run record label, Green Line Records., Come cheer on the men's and women's ice hockey teams this weekend as they raise money for breast cancer charities in the 7th annual Hockey East Skating Strides program. Both teams will be wearing commemorative pink jerseys that will be auctioned off during the weekend., Northeastern is on Instagram! Follow us today to get an inside look at sights and scenes from our campus., Members of the Northeastern community gathered yesterday to remember those who lost their lives in the Sandy Hook Elementary School tragedy one month ago., Persister cells just won't quit. But Northeastern researchers are figuring out why these bacteria are so good at surviving., In what started as a co-op project, a civil engineering grad is now seeing her designs come to life., Men's basketball is on a roll! And congratulations to head coach Bill Coen on his 100th win with the Huskies' victory this weekend. bit.ly/W3E0Qi, BOOM. The women's basketball team celebrated its tenth straight home win this season. Go Huskies!, We're not always conscious about how we make the decisions we do. In fact, findings indicate a disconnect between our conscious and subconscious decision-making., This year's flu is no joke. Find out how to protect yourself and why you should get a flu shot if you haven’t already., It's not too late to get your flu shot! Students can walk-in to UHCS any day next week., On Fulbright-Hays scholarships, two undergrads will participate in a prestigious cultural-immersion program in China., There's been a 130 percent increase in the number of countries that offer experiential learning opportunities to Northeastern students. Tell us about your experience(s) abroad., Can countries provide HIV/AIDS services at an increasingly lower cost without compromising quality?, Sometimes entrepreneurs can be their own worst enemies., After a UN conference, fourth-year student calls climate change, "one of the first truly global human security problems.", Men's basketball kept its undefeated CAA record alive by beating Drexel in last night's overtime nail-biter., Congratulations to the Northeastern chapter, which was nationally recognized for its leadership in helping fellow veterans have a smooth transition from military service to college life., What do you think, should Northeastern go smoke-free?, Mechanical engineering students are making hernia repairs easier for the more than one million U.S. patients that undergo the surgery each year., Malaria misdiagnosis is rampant in poor countries where access to healthcare is limited. Medication subsidies and education lead to better treatment., For four consecutive years, Northeastern has received honors for sustainability. In 2013, The Princeton Review once again included Northeastern on its Green Honor Roll. What are you doing to keep the campus clean and green?, Tune in tonight at 7 p.m. to watch the men's basketball team face Drexel and protect their undefeated CAA record., Did you know that you can walk away with more bacteria on your hands after drying them with a paper towel than before you even washed up?, Stop by the Hungry, Hungry Husky and try the new lunch options, like homemade eggrolls or tempura fried green beans!, A step closer to unlocking the mysteries of cancer drug development., Music fans, check out the Orbit Turntable from U-Turn Audio. When he was unable to find a record player that provided quality sound at a reasonable price, alum Bob Hertig designed his own., Real-time predictions  of the H1N1 outbreak in 2009 accurately tracked the deadly virus' path in more than 45 countries., Digital humanities scholars hosted THAT­Camp — an "uncon­fer­ence" to discuss opportunities and challenges of this burgeoning field., Three ambitious alums on the fast track in business land their dream jobs., Impressive win by the men's basketball team in the CAA opener last night! Go Huskies!, First-year students Robert Chen (left) and Sam Francis make their way across Centennial Common in the frigid cold on Thursday.

Photo by Brooks Canaday., From a co-op at the Boston Globe to reporting in Italy's Umbria region, a senior finds hyperlocal journalism incredibly rewarding., Free and open to the public, this spring's interdisciplinary Open Classroom Series will look at the politics of climate change., After a historic performance at Harvard, two men's hockey players were honored by Hockey East, Backed by Boeing and NASA, a Northeastern-developed algorithm could revolutionize the aviation industry., Mobile gaming and text messaging improve healthy eating among some minority populations, studies show., Americans said higher education needs to focus on these five key areas. What do you think about the findings? bit.ly/ViI3sE, Maintain your New Year's resolution with the November Project — a "fitness tribe" founded by two Northeastern grads. Did we mention this is FREE? bit.ly/ViFp6f, Student-developed "smart pens" can help the 12 million+ Americans with uncontrolled tremors — like Parkinsons' patients — to improve leg­i­bility and writing per­for­mance. bit.ly/Xigx3s, Happy New Year! How are you spending the first day of 2013?, null, null, null, null, null, The nation’s first woman to coach professional baseball, Justine Siegal, is bringing women’s baseball to every corner of the globe., From flagging cancer cells, targeting resistance, and considering a patient's quality of life after diagnoses, Northeastern researchers share their unique and innovative approaches to cancer care., Biology professor's lifelong obsession with Spiderman inspires research into regenerative medicine with salamanders – real-life superheroes of regeneration., null, Happy holidays

Here’s wishing the entire North­eastern community—in Boston and throughout the world—a happy and safe holiday! See you in 2013, Huskies!

Photo by Brooks Canaday., As much as we love  speedy hedgehogs, agile Italian guys named Mario, and living out our rock band fantasies, are there ways we can game with a more meaningful purpose? Northeastern faculty think so and are tackling real-world problems through game design., Where have all the Huskies gone? Enjoy the break, have fun, and we'll see you back at Northeastern in 2013!

Photo by Brooks Canaday., From particle physics to the science of happiness, Northeastern's science writer reflects on all she's learned in her first year exploring the research labs around campus., Since 2006, Northeastern has had a 269 percent increase in global co-op employers. Where did you do your co-ops?, The world won't end on Friday, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have other potentially devastating issues to be concerned about—a'hem, climate change., Faculty and staff, don't forget to RSVP to the men’s basketball game vs. UNCW. January 5, 1 p.m. at Matthews Arena. Enjoy the free game, free food, and much more for the entire family!, U.S. Secretary of Labor has named law professor Emily Spieler the chair of the new Whistleblower Protection Advisory Committee. She'll be improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s (OSHA) whistleblower protection programs., Congratulations to the students in Northeastern’s College of Arts, Media, and Design on their Entrepreneurial Spirit Awards, received for their work creating new projects for the arts., Check out the top 2012 news@Northeastern stories, showcasing the global initiatives, innovative research and significant accomplishments of our Northeastern community this past year. Do you have a favorite moment?, In 2012, 63 percent of entering freshmen ranked in the top 10 percent of their high school class. We're looking forward to our newly admitted Huskies continuing that tradition of excellence!, Check out the memorable highlights from Northeastern Athletics in 2012 as players and teams captured several records, awards, and impressive victories., It's never too early to get excited for the Beanpot! Huskies, tickets for students go on sale Jan. 20 – go to GoNU.com for more info., After the tragedy in Newtown last Friday, what's next? Northeastern experts in law, psychology, and criminology provide their perspectives., A high-tech cigarette case, called "Layla" after the woman that helped one of the two Northeastern entrepreneurs quit smoking, might help others achieve the same goal., Faculty and staff, do you have lunch plans today? Stop in at Matthews Arena for some Northeastern men's basketball! Admission is free for the 12 PM game. Go Huskies!, December 13, 2012 - Psychology post doc Suzanne Oosterwijk crosses slacklining off her bucket list before moving back to the Netherlands with the help of Shir Atzil (right), also a psychology post doc. After two and a half years at Northeastern, Oosterwijk was determined to walk the slackline on her last day of work, despite the cold December temperature.

Photo by Mary Knox Merrill., BSIB students get an edge after graduation — they learn a new language and are immersed in another culture while getting global work and education experience., From HIV to Alzheimer’s disease, doctoral students tease out the cost effectiveness of pharmaceutical treatments in a nearly $3 trillion industry., Benefit corporations are trickier than we think. They may not necessarily be good for business, consumers, or even democracy., Through the power of speech, women are inspired to change the world., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)