List(Outtake from yesterday's wine tasting, we were happy to see everyone who came in and expanded their knowledge with us, A quick tease, everyone.  

Food pairings for the Wine Tasting are:

--Mussels in Fennel, Tomato, Garlic, Butter & White Wine Broth 
--Arctic Char with Green Curry Lentils, Mint Salsa, Coconut-Lemongrass Vinaigrette
--Duck & Pork Terrine, Mustard
--Ribeye au Poivre, Mushrooms

See you tomorrow!, Just a quick reminder and update about our first Thursday Wine Tasting: this week, we are excited to announce that our Beverage Director, Chris, will be focusing on four wines alongside Michael Kane of the revered Rosenthal Wine Merchant.  

$20/person gets you a taste of four compelling selections from our bottle list, four distinct food pairings for each wine, and a venerable expert in Michael to converse with and answer, literally, any question you may have about the products.

Hope to see you all between 5:30 and 6:30pm for some wine and culinary dashes from Northern Italy, Provence, and the French Alps!, We thank everyone who came to Lumiere today for our special Easter brunch and supper, we were happy to see how many people liked our menu ideas and how our clients want to come to Lumiere more often during daytime. We are very grateful to each and every customer who entered our doors for making all of this happen, it would not have been possible without your genuine interest and support., Don't forget to stop by Lumiere for Easter brunch (11 am-2pm) or dinner (4 pm-8pm) and try our special a la carte dishes such as lobster omelette with black truffles, rabbit cavatelli, chilled pea soup or glazed ham. Full menu available on the website, Oenophiles, neophytes, and everyone in between: on Thursday, March 31st, join us as we commence with our Weekly Wine Tastings. They will take place from 5:30 to 6:30pm in our back dining room and be co-hosted by our beverage director, Chris Graeff, and one of a myriad of ever-changing guest hosts from around the wine industry. 

For $20, you can swing in and enjoy a quick (or comprehensive) taste of four featured wines taken from our eclectic bottle list, all served with specifically paired hors d'oeuvres from Chef Jordan's kitchen. Chris and his co-hosts will be there to answer any questions, and discuss the cuisine as needed.  

These occasions will be casual and open. Taste and converse at your leisure, and stay as long as you would like throughout the Tastings. Feel free to grab a seat, and really go in-depth with the fare-- or just walk through, while taking a quick gander at things. We hope to see you, either way. Reservations are in no way required, but let us know if you're planning on attending!  

And, rest assured, details for next Thursday's inaugural event will be posted soon., This weekend special-fried oysters with carrot salad, wasabi, pickled shallots and lime., Tonight was a success, thank you everyone who came to Lumiere for a supper. We served around 40 people which is great for a first Sunday service and we hope to see you more often. As we mentioned before, Sunday supper includes more relaxed, casual food, with all the same great ingredients, which allows us to lower the prices as well and make a dining experience more enjoyable for our clients. Once again, Lumiere team is delighted to have our doors open 6 days a week from now on., Chef's blog is now live on our website! We will update it weekly  with posts about all the latest Lumiere/menu news, even recipes and we are so thrilled to share all of that with you. Our first post reveals tomorrow's special menu, as we mentioned before, Lumiere is now open on Sundays as well. Come on in and enjoy the unique dishes that you won't see on the menu during other weekdays.

http://lumiererestaurant.com/news/, Starting this weekend (3/13), please join us as we re-open for dinner service on Sundays! 

The kitchen will be cooking from 4-8PM offering unique dinner menu. In the spirit of the day itself, the food will be a bit more casual and relaxed featuring some delicious dishes you won't see during the rest of the week.Stay tuned towards the end of the week for a detailed menu!, The new website is here! Now you can view our full, updated menu, check out some awesome new photography, and book a table straight through the site. It will also feature Chef Jordan's blog that will be especially interesting for Boston foodies, and will keep you updated on all the upcoming renovations that Lumiere will experience soon. We hope you will love it as much as we do. Bon Appétite!, One of the new additions to our dinner menu: PEI mussels with Roasted Fennel, Confit Tomato, Garlic, White Wine, and Toasted Baquette. You can now see Lumiere's ever-evolving menu on our FB page. Don't be shy, and continue to check back in regularly!, We are happy to announce that starting March 13th Lumiere will be re-opening for dinner on Sundays! We will be happy to see you from 4 pm to 8pm serving a unique dinner menu but all the details will follow a little later. For your convenience, now you can book a table straight from our FB page. We are very excited to open our doors for one more day a week and hope to see you at Lumiere soon., Introducing Chocolate Torte topped with Crème Fraîche, Candied Pistachio and Rum Caramel. Will you be able to resist?, You can now follow Lumiere restaurant on Instagram where we constantly upload new menu items, behind the scenes, news and a lot of other things that will brighten up your Insta feed., Exciting news - Lumiere restaurant is now officially under new ownership. Tonight we served our first dinner with a transformed menu that still has lots of signature Lumiere dishes but it also includes the ideas and recipes of a new chef Jordan Bailey - delicious cheese plates, scallops & caviar, chocolate torte desserts topped with nuts & sour cream sorbet and so on. Lumiere restaurant will undergo some exciting changes in the next few months but it will also be devoted to its regular customers and traditions. Lumiere team will keep on delivering the best quality, taste and comfort to our dear clients as it has been doing that for the past 17 years., null, null, To misquote Mark Twain, "the rumors of our death have been greatly exaggerated." Seems that two weeks ago the Globe reported that we were closing, when, in fact, dear reader, you know that the restaurant is being sold and shall live on for many years to come. Please tell all of your friends who saw the original article but not the correction or the follow up (http://tinyurl.com/znsbb2o)that Jordan Bailey and his crew are going to proudly bring Lumière 2.0 into the 21st century starting March 1st.

So, this is the final week of Lumière 1.0. Please come in on or before this Saturday to get your fix and give us a chance to say goodbye and thank you for tolerating the self-indulgence of throwing a dinner party almost every night for the past 17 years!

As I have been ruminating on the impending torch passing, a few things keep rising to the surface of my convoluted thought processes (please pardon all of the mixed metaphors, both here and to come):

·         Thanks Mom and Dad for believing and trusting,

·         Thanks Jen for 15+ years of being my right hand, for understanding and helping refine the Lumière vision and for making the Lumière dining room match the Lumiere kitchen,

·         Thank you Karyn, Sam and Isadora for putting up with me and my schedule and the impacts of it on our lives,

·         Thanks Jill for helping create Lumière,

·         Thanks to all of the employees over the years who have put up with me and my demands,

·         Thank you Johnny T for 16 years of excellence, loyalty and programation (it's kitchen Spanglish for being prepared),

·         Thank you to the farmers, ranchers, fishers, artisans and purveyors that brought us the fantastic products that made our job in the kitchen that much easier and more exciting (especially Ingrid Bengis, Kim Marden and the folks at Niman Ranch and Bill Niman too)

·         And, most of all, thank you to you our loyal customers for appreciating so much what we have always tried to deliver.

There are many more to thank and to honor who have made this such a wonderful ride,.....thank you too!

Finally, thank you Jordan, for believing so much in what Lumière was, is and can become. I wish you all the best in the years to come!

When I'm alone,I sometimes get to thinkin', about this week (the final countdown), and about what lies ahead.  I keep coming back to the work I have been doing with The Chefs Collaborative and other organizations to help change our incredible and incredibly messed up food system. And, since much of my pre-cooking, college education focused on social and moral reasoning, I like to question the motivations for our actions. This almost always brings me back to a particularly powerful clip of Henry Rollins discussing "the jewel of rage" (the real magic starts at the 8 minute mark for those of you who are impatient...http://tinyurl.com/hn8jjgf).

With all of that in mind, thank you and good night!

Michael Leviton, Jennifer DeLeonardis and the Lumière Staff, To quote Mark Twain, the rumors of our death have been greatly exaggerated.

Despite what The Globe said two weeks ago, we are not closing. While this is the last week with Michael and Jennifer at the helm, Jordan Bailey and crew take over on March 1. Make your reservations now!, Prepping for our 17th Birthday Dinner Bash that's happening tomorrow night!  Still have some spots available for booking, so call or email us now to reserve your spot! 617.244.9199 or lumiere@lumiererestaurant.com, null, Hanging up the chef's coat & handing off the tongs to the next generation!  Join us for one last dinner before the end of February!, Just 29 more nights of service before this guy below moves on toward bigger and better things!  Come join us for dinner and share a favorite memory of the past 17 years.  I'm partial to this one from early 2009!, And The End of an Era Countdown begins!  30 more nights of Lumiere dinner service before Lumiere version 2.0 (new ownership & management).  Come join us as we continue to celebrate the past 17 years, our wonderful guests, and the exciting future of Lumiere!, On February 11th, it's Lumière's 17th birthday. Holy S#@&! Seventeen years is a long time, and we would like to think that we have cooked more than a little bit of really nice food. Hopefully, you think so as well. So, we need your help planning this greatest hits/classics menu. Please let me know your favorites...email us, call us, Facebook us...your preference, just let us know!  And yes, the scallops and mushroom soup are already on the menu., null, Wishing everyone a very safe and happy Thanksgiving.  We sincerely hope it is filled with wonderful food and lots of love.  While we will be closed on Turkey Day to celebrate with our loved ones, we will reopen for dinner service at 5:30pm on Friday night.  We look forward to seeing you then!, In observance and celebration of the July 4th holiday, we will be closed Friday, July 3rd through Monday, July 6th.  We look forward to cooking for you on Tuesday, July 7th!

We wish everyone a safe and festive 4th of July!!!, null, As Mother Nature relents...ever so slightly...we will be open tomorrow night, Wednesday, January 28th., Due to the impeding "historical" winter event, namely the impending blizzard, Lumiere will be closed tomorrow, Tuesday, January 27th.  We hope to reopen for dinner on Wednesday, but Mother Nature may have a stronger say in that than we do.  
We will keep you posted.
Stay safe everyone!, Excited to be a part of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association’s  Hangover at Harpoon Brewery on January 26. Get your tickets now to indulge in Harpoon brews paired with bites from Boston chefs and support No Kid Hungry! Get your tickets here: http://ce.strength.org/events/holiday-hangover-end-childhood-hunger-boston, Today is the last day to order a delicious BN Ranch Turkey!!  Going once! Going twice!  Don't miss out, call tonight!!!  
617.244.9199, http://www.jbftasteamerica.org/event/boston

Chef Leviton is honored to be a part of such a great event to help support James Beard Foundation's Taste America Scholarship Fund., Chef Leviton talks about how the restaurant industry can work towards a more sustainable food system 
, Lumiere named Boston's Best restaurant in Newton by Improper Bostonian Magazine!
, Chef Leviton, leading the way..., From Chef Leviton: Very, very proud and happy to be in such illustrious company at the James Beard Foundation Awards. If it wasn't for Daniel and Joyce Goldstein, there is no doubt in my mind that I wouldn't be anywhere near the Beard awards., Chef Leviton is mentioned in Boston Magazine's May issue "The Power of Ideas" as a "Tastemaker" bringing sustainability to the table, one dish at a time

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/news/article/2014/04/29/power-of-ideas/5/, Some great behind the scenes photos of Chef Leviton's workout piece from  The Wall Street Journal a few weeks back by photographer Kelvin Ma
, Seating available for 4/15 only, call 617.244.9199 for reservations, Spots are still available for our special second night of Passover seder. Call 617.244.9199 for reservations, Ever wonder how Chef Leviton stays so fit? The Wall Street Journal follows Chef to InnerCity Weightlifting...
, 3 stars from Devra First for The Boston Globe!

"His [Chef Michael Leviton] restaurants emphasize ingredients and technique rather than ego. Maybe that is why Lumiere is still going strong. Eating here, one knows what to expect: a great meal, consistently.", Join Chef Leviton and some of the area's top chefs at Area Four on March 16th for Chefs Collaborative's second annual Trash Fish Dinner in Boston, Chef Leviton is honored to be nominated once again for James Beard Foundation's "Best Chef Northeast" in such fantastic company
, Will you be spending your Valentine's dinner with us? Call 617.244.9199

, Chef Leviton and his daughter, Isadora, serving up the crowd at last night's New Center for Arts and Culture's Beyond Bubbie's Kitchen. Photo by Zev Fisher Photography, Chef Leviton will be cooking at New Center for Arts and Culture's Beyond Bubbie's Kitchen this Sunday, 2/9. Tickets are $45 and available here:, To all of our adoring facebook fans...we have decided to close for the night to ensure the safety of our employees and guests. We apologize for any inconvenience and will reopen tomorrow for dinner at 5:30pm. Stay safe and enjoy your snow day!, VALENTINE'S NIGHT 2014 BOOK NOW AT 617.244.9199!

$80 PER PERSON/OPTIONAL $35 WINE PAIRINGS {TO BE DETERMINED}

First

Mushroom Soup
Rye Croutons, Herb Crème Fraîche and Mustard Oil

Little Gem and Upland Cress Salad
Bayley Hazen Blue Cheese, Candied Almonds and Citrus Vinaigrette

Fried Oysters
Avocado, Ancho Chile Rémoulade and Lime Crema*

Hand Harvested Stonington Maine Sea Scallops
Shiitake Mushrooms, Green Curry Coconut Broth & Thai Basil-Kaffir Lime Leaf Oil*

Braised BN Ranch Grassfed Beef
Whole Grain Polenta, Winter Vegetables and Horseradish Gremolata

Main

Sweet Potato Gnocchi alla Romana
Sweet Potatoes, Tuscan Kale, Smoked Almonds and Pecorino

Black Sea Bass
Wilted Baby Spinach, Citrus Salsa and Meyer Lemon Sauce*

Lobster
Ricotta Cavatelli, Roasted Tomatoes, Basil & Ginger, Lobster Broth*

Persian Spiced Duck Breast
Swiss Chard, Pomegranate and Peppered Walnuts*

Humanely Raised Veal Chop
Mushroom Ragoût, Roasted Garlic-Gruyère Mashed Potatoes and Thyme Oil*

Dessert

Spiced Burgundy Sorbet
Citrus & Pomegranate Salad and Meyer Lemon Sugar Cookies

Tahitian Vanilla Bean Crème Brûlée

Blood Orange Curd & Almond Tart
Toasted Meringue, Aquidneck Honey and Almond Brittle*

Dark Chocolate Soufflé Cake
Coffee Ice Cream, Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans, Marshmallow Sauce & Kahlúa Caramel

Ruggles Hill Creamery “Brothers’ Walk” Cheese
Creamed Honey, Caramelized Apple Mousse and Candied PistachioS, Chef Leviton shares his love for the sadly dwindling population of Maine shrimp in today's New York Times 
, For those of you who follow our facebook page...this update is for you!
Due to the impending snowstorm that is supposedly arriving tomorrow afternoon and evening, we have decided to proactively close for Thursday, January 2nd. 
We will reopen for regular dinner service at 5:30pm on Friday, January 3rd. 
Our sincerest apologies for any inconvenience and we wish you and yours a safe and happy snowstorm!
Thank you, 
the Lumiere team, New Year's Eve is just around the corner, book a celebratory meal with us now 617.244.9199, Chef Leviton served up some delicious duck this past Saturday on CBS This Morning, Christmas Eve is only a week away and we're offering a festive menu for $75/person. Reserve your place at our table now 617.244.9199, Nominations are open for the James Beard Foundation Awards & we’d love to make the long list for Outstanding Restaurant – vote for us today!, We will be open for regular business hours this week and closed Thursday for Thanksgiving. Let us help you get into the mood for a feast!, Now taking reservations for Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve. Menus below. 

Please call Jennifer at 617.244.9199 any day after 2:30pm for detailed information., If you're a follower of Chef Leviton's ethos about sustainable foods, this is an excellent read:, The New York Times' Mark Bittman hits the nail on the head about something Chef Leviton has been advocating for years, Only 2 hours left! Get your last minute tix for tonight's Newton Community Farm 4-course farm-to-table dinner here:, Thanks for the great post reflecting the importance of knowing about the food you are eating, Rachel! A review of our dinner with Eating with the Ecosystem:, TOMORROW NIGHT (10/15) at 6pm, we will be hosting the Newton Community Farm's four course farm-to-table dinner featuring vegetables from NCF, sea scallops, duck breast & dessert (vegetarian & vegan options available). Proceeds support NCF's education programs and site improvements. 

$150, register at: https://www.z2systems.com/np/clients/ncfarm/event.jsp?event=138, Pictures from this week's Gulf of Maine dinner with Eating with the Ecosystem, Only 10 seats left! Tomorrow night (10/8) at 6pm: Eating With the Ecosystem's Gulf of Maine dinner, $60/person

Call now for reservations (617)244-9199, Chef Leviton was honored to have cooked with Isreali chef Gil Hovav this weekend at Let's Talk About Food - this is just the beginning of some beautiful meals created together, Catch Chef Leviton this Saturday, 10/5 at 11:15am on the Main Stage in Copley for Let's Talk About Food's "Shakshuka!Exploring Israeli Food Beyond Hummus & Falafel", Get to know your alewives with The Boston Globe...

Join us for Eat With the Ecosystem's "Gulf of Maine" dinner next Tuesday, October 8th at 6pm, $60/person. Call now for reservations 617.244.9199, Stop putting crap in your body. And learn how YOU can make an impact at this year's Sustainable Food Summit in November. 

Join Chef Leviton and the Chefs Collaborative community as we tackle the issues facing our food system. It's exhausting to fight this fight alone, so come get energized by others who are working toward the same goals you are., Join us October 8th at 6pm for Eating with the Ecosystem's "Gulf of Maine" dinner featuring alewives, monkfish & white hake.

Reservations available through Lumiere, call (617)244-9199

$60/person, excluding tax and gratuity. Wine pairings are available for an additional $20. Suggested donation to Eating with the Ecosystem: $10., This is hugely important in protecting consumer rights and the environment, while challenging the planting of new untested GMO crops. Sign now!, This Saturday, 9/21, Chef Michael Leviton will be speaking on a panel about sustainability at Boston University's Tools of the Trade: Experiential Studies for the Food Industry, null, Our Za’atar-Spiced Barnegat Light Sea Scallops are a must-try summer dish and The Boston Globe agrees!, The Conservation Law Foundation needs your help in protecting the New England cod fish habitat from destructive commercial trawling. Please fill out this petition for cod's sake!, Sweet Corn Soup is back at Lumiere! Make a reservation today and enjoy Chef ML's delicious summer dish with Maine Peekytoe Crab & roasted pepper salsa., Viva Las Vegas! Chef ML is headed to Sin City with Chefs Collaborative to serve up some of "the best seafood you've never tried" at Border Grill for a Trash Fish Dinner., Cucumbers are in season and Bon Appétit Magazine will teach you how to buy, store and cook them!, We're proud supporters of City Growers and their brand new Kickstarter campaign! Help them raise money to convert vacant lots in Boston neighborhoods into farms., Summer is the perfect season to get creative with fresh fruit – check out these watermelon recipes from HuffPost Taste., Our Espresso-Malt was featured in this month's Boston Magazine! Have you tried it?, Just a reminder that Lumiere will be closed tomorrow and Thursday. Enjoy the holiday and we will see you on Friday!, Bon Appétit Magazine shares their favorite red, white and blue dessert recipes just in time for Fourth of July!, Fourth of July is right around the corner! We will be closed on Wednesday, July 3 and Thursday, July 4. How are you celebrating this year?, The Huffington Post gives us a few ways to incorporate more greens into our favorite meals. Have you tried any of these?, The Newton Farmers Market opens for its summer season on Tuesday, July 2 at Cold Spring Park! Stock up on fresh fruits and vegetables, gourmet cheeses and more., Don't forget to vote today, Boston!, Have you tried our Maryland softshell crab? We serve it with green papaya, watermelon radish and carrot salad, peppered peanuts with a lime-green curry remoulade. Come in and enjoy them before the end of the season!, Have you ever wondered how important bees are to our produce supply? The HuffPost Green shows us what our produce selection would be like without bees – and it isn’t pretty!, Join Edible Boston at the New England Aquarium tonight for Let’s Talk About Food’s Massachusetts Aquaculture 101 presentation. Learn about the future of aquaculture in New England and the importance of sustainability., We're excited to be teaming up with Chefs Collaborative and Bristol Bay Regional Seafood Development to help protect Bristol Bay and its fishing community from the potentially disastrous effects of the Pebble Mine project – keep an eye out for Bristol Bay Sockeye Salmon hitting our menu soon., null, Summer isn’t complete without an afternoon spent berry picking! Bon Appétit Magazine gives us tips on how to tell the difference between strawberries in the wild., This summer Chefs Collaborative is teaming up with the Bristol Bay Regional Seafood Development Association for a dinner series to help protect the wild sockeye salmon of Bristol Bay. Stay tuned for more information on Bristol Bay Salmon Dinners at Lumiere!, Plums are in season! Here’s how to buy, store, and cook them., Where do you buy your seafood? Check out Greenpeace’s 2013 Seafood Retailer Scorecard on HuffPost Green., Here are eight ways to turn fresh herbs into the star of a meal. Thanks, Bon Appétit Magazine!, Wonder how much trash actually gets thrown away? Check out the HuffPost Green’s surprising statistics!, Here’s the latest from The New York Times Diner’s Journal “What We’re Reading.” Are you reading any of these titles?, Ramps are an incredibly popular spring vegetable – we love to use them at the restaurant! HuffPost Green takes us behind the scenes with Atlanta-based chefs as they forage for ramps in North Georgia., Missed sustainability expert Barton Seaver’s lecture at the New England Aquarium last month? Here are the highlights from Boston Magazine!, It's officially outdoor farmers market season! Check out these markets around Boston., Check out Chef ML and Marjorie from New England Soup Factory at May 15th's Boston Bites Back!, Will we see you at Boston Bites Back tomorrow night? We have a delicious crispy lamb pavé with ramp puree and pickled ramp remoulade!, Mother's Day is this weekend! What do you have planned?, Have you bought your ticket for Boston Bites Back yet? We can't wait to see you there!, We're thrilled to be participating in Boston Bites Back on Wednesday, May 15th at Fenway Park.

Join Chef ML and hundreds of other Boston chefs to raise $1 million for The One Fund Boston! Grab a ticket today., Would you want to eat genetically engineered salmon without knowing it? The FDA is close to approving the sale of GMO salmon from AquaBounty Technologies to consumers. For the sake of protecting consumer health, the safety of our environment and the integrity of our food supply - we can’t let this happen!

Sign this petition and tell the FDA we do not approve of genetically modified salmon!, The 21st Annual Restaurant Trends Seminar is on May 7 at The Revere! Grab a ticket before they sell out., Thank you to everyone who came to the Future of Food event last night!, Happy Earth Day! Tonight Michael is speaking at Massachusetts Nature Conservancy's Future of Food event.

Join us at the Artists for Humanity EpiCenter at 5:30pm., We are closed until further notice. Please stay safe, everyone., Our thoughts are with everyone affected by yesterday's tragedy in Boston., Good luck to everyone participating in The Boston Marathon today!, Duke University Professor Jedediah Purdy recalls his trip to a slaughterhouse over a decade ago and how legislation today urging transparency would not only inform consumer choice but persuade some people to buy meat from a more humane source., Earth Day is April 22nd and we're preparing a delicious menu!, This spring weather has us craving fresh fruits and vegetables!, Don’t miss ML speaking at Massachusetts Nature Conservancy’s Future of Food on April 22 at the Artists for Humanity EpiCenter.

For more info about the event and to snag a ticket before they sell out, visit the link below., Here are The Huffington Post Green's tips for a more sustainable Easter!, Looking for a way to host a more sustainable Seder this year? The Huffington Post Green recommends five simple ones!, Happy Passover, everyone. Our first Seder is tonight and we can't wait to see everyone there!, We aren't participating in Restaurant Week, but we've got a delicious $45 Prix Fixe menu every Sunday-Thursday you should check out!, Agricultural biotech corporations are incredibly close to forcing the USDA to essentially give backdoor approval for any new genetically engineered (GMO) crops that could be potentially harmful to human health or the environment! Don’t let this happen - sign this petition against the Monsanto Protection Act., The Boston Globe’s 2013 Munch Madness is underway and we’re battling Rialto Restaurant in round 1! Fill out your bracket today., Looking forward to the Rosenthal Wine Merchant Dinner on Thursday, March 21! We’ll be pairing some of their unique wine selections with delicious dishes like Oyster Ceviche and House Smoked Alaskan Sable. Give us a call and make your reservation today., Barton Seaver, a fellow pioneer for sustainability, chats with The Boston Globe about his new role heading up the Healthy and Sustainable Food Program at the Harvard School of Public Health’s Center for Health and the Global Environment., The Rosenthal Wine Merchant dinner is less than two weeks away! RSVP today for a night of wine and inspired cuisine from Chef Leviton., Bon Appétit Magazine has the scoop on our upcoming interfaith Seder dinners! Call 617-244-9199 to reserve your seats., An inside look at the corporate funding holding us back from labels on genetically engineered food from The Cornucopia Institute:, Join us for a multi-course wine dinner with Rosenthal Wine Merchant on Thursday, March 21 with dishes like Oyster Ceviche, House-Smoked Alaskan Sable and Long Island Duck Breast. Full menu here:, Chef Leviton's op-ed in The Boston Globe on the concept behind this Sunday's Trash Fish Dinner at Area Four: "I'll have the trash fish, please.", A great book with a great group of talented chefs! Proud to be part of Chefs Collaborative's newly-released cookbook., More from The New York Times on the efforts in place by environmental protection groups like Oceana to limit mislabeled fish in restaurants:, Who's joining us for a 3/21 wine dinner with Rosenthan Wine Merchant? We're offering a six course prix fixe menu (dishes like Oyster Ceviche, House Smoked Alaskan Sable and Vermont Lamb Roulade) and plenty of wine to compliment every course. Full menu: http://lumiererestaurant.com/news/events.php, In the wake of the horse meat scandal, a scary list of mislabeled meats:, Excited to host a wine dinner with Rosenthal Wine Merchant on 3/21. Join us for six courses and wine pairings with vino aficionado Michael Kane! Full menu:, Thank you for the support, Newton Patch! More information on Chef Leviton's standing as a 2013 James Beard Award semifinalist:, Scrapping for dinner plans?? Our three-course prix fixe menu is available for $45 every Sunday through Thursday., Chef Leviton's first contributed piece on The Huffington Post - Are Trash Fish the Answer? 

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-leviton/trash-fish_b_2717900.html, Proud to have Chef Leviton representing Lumiere as a semifinalist for James Beard Awards' Best Chef: Northeast! Thank you to all our loyal customers for the continuous support., Half of the tickets for Chef Leviton's Trash Fish Dinner with Chefs Collaborative are already sold! Get yours here while you can:, In the spirit of Valentine's Day (a little romance never hurt anyone!) we'd love your support with nominations for Boston Phoenix's Best Date Night Restaurant title. Have your say here:, For those of you who couldn't get a reservation for tomorrow evening's Valentine's Day prix fixe, we're incorporating dishes from the Valentine's Day meal into this weekend's menus! Full list of dishes here:, Celebrate Valentine's Day with us this Thursday for a three-course prix fixe spread of seasonally-driven fare. Join us for local dishes like Oysters Escabeche, Alaskan Sable, Long Island Duck Breast and Molten Valrhona Chocolate Soufflé Cake. Full menu here:, Our three-course prix fixe menu is available for $45.00 every Thursday through Sunday (excluding holidays). Call 617.244.9199 to make your reservation!, As much as we'd like to open today, travel and parking bans make it difficult. We'll be closed for the night. Apologies for any inconvenience!, Closing up shop for the day due to the storm. Stay safe, everyone!, U.S. fishery managers are considering legislation to reduce the amount of wild-caught domestic seafood allocated to American consumers. Sign this petition to support your right to healthy, U.S.-caught fish:, Chef Leviton's representing Lumiere at Saturday's City Growers Urban Farming Conference! Details & schedule here:, The Wall Street Journal on some high-end gadgets to make local, sustainable farming an at-home amenity:, Our three-course prix fixe is available for $45 every Sunday through Thursday... It's like Restaurant Week all year!, A plain English translation of Coca-Cola's "Coming Together" thanks to the minds behind the Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI):, Bon Appétit Magazine's Andrew Knowlton on sustainable seafood: "We'll soon be eating only sardines and herring.", Chef Leviton is hosting a Trash Fish Dinner with Chefs Collaborative and chefs from across the Northeast on March 10. Here's why you don't want to miss it:, Mark Bittman revisits the Stanford University organics study one month later:, Chef Leviton and some of Boston's best sustainably-driven chefs are shining a light on the delicious species of fish that are normally trashed. Sign up for the Chefs Collaborative Trash Fish Dinner 3/10 at Area Four to see what you're missing!, The experts chime in on our country's food crisis, as told to Bloomberg Businessweek:, Valentine's Day prix fixe menu is finalized! Join us 2/14 for courses like Oysters Escabeche, Alaskan Sable, Red Fire Farm Sweet Potato Gnocchi and Rose Champagne Sorbet! Full menu here:, Proud to have Chef Leviton representing Lumiere at Boston Local Food's upcoming Urban Farming Conference!, Things we like to hear: NPR's The Salt foresees more sustainable eats on the food trend horizon for 2013!, Never to early to get your Valentine's Day plans in order! Call 617.244.9199 to reserve a spot for our 3-course prix fixe. Menu to come!, A proposal last week and The Boston Globe's Dinner With Cupid this week? Sparking lots of recent romance over here!, Scratch tonight's take-out plans and give Chef Leviton's Homemade XO Chinese Sauce a try!, Important read via Zester Daily – Meaningless and misleading claims are hiding behind our food labels:, Scrapping for NYE plans? Join us for a three-course prix fixe with dishes like Fried Poached Duck Egg, Seven Hour Lamb Shoulder & Rosé Sorbet. Full menu here:, Merry Christmas! We're closed for the day today. Wishing all a safe and happy holiday., Happy Holidays from the Lumiere team! Open 5:30-9 for our Jewish Christmas Eve feast! Call 617-244-9199 for reservations., The year’s top trends in food: Local sourcing and sustainability according to Restaurant Hospitality Magazine., We have 21 day dry-aged grass-fed rib eye from Rainbow Ranch available for dinner! Only on menus at Lumiere and Telepan in NYC., Planning a Christmas Eve feast like ours? Chef Leviton's XO Chinese Sauce adds a kick to any entree. Recipe via Food Republic:, Proud to be in great company in Zagat Survey's roundup of the area's best wine lists!, The James Beard Awards are your chance to weigh in on the year’s best culinary personalities and destinations. We think Chef Michael Leviton’s work is some of the best around. If you agree, have your say here with a Best Chef Northeast nomination:, Gotta love factory beef... scary findings from The Huffington Post:, Thrilled to be included in Zagat Survey's list of 10 Restaurants With the Best Service in Boston!, We’re proud to have a chef whose commitment to sustainability goes hand in hand with his commitment to high-quality cuisine. If you agree, we’d love your support in nominating Chef Michael Leviton for the James Beard Awards’ Outstanding Chef category., Planning your family's Christmas Eve festivities? Join us for Chef Leviton's twist on a Jewish Christmas Eve complete with Chinese food and a post-meal movie across the street. Details via The Daily Meal:, Join us 12/24 for a feast of Chef Leviton's Jewish Christmas Eve faves (housemade Chinese food, that is!). Details here:, Nominations are open for the James Beard Awards and now is your opportunity to weigh in! We’d love your support with a nod for the American Classics category. Have your say on all your favorite restaurants and chefs here: http://jamesbeard.starchefs.com/awards/vote/index_2.php, Excited to share that Chef Leviton has been inducted into Nation's Restaurant News' Fine Dining Hall of Fame! Details here:, Proud to have been voted into the Top Food and Top Service categories in Zagat Survey's 2012 Boston Survey!, Now that Turkey Day is over, a post-tryptophan nap look at where your meal came from, via Smithsonian:, Tune in to WBUR 90.9 FM at 3 PM to hear Chef Leviton's turkey-making tips!, We're thankful for our Facebook fans and friends this Thanksgiving!

As you may have heard, Facebook is revamping their business pages. Here's how to stay in the know about Lumiere, and all of your favorite business pages:

1) Go to the lumiere the restaurant page
2) Click the gear symbol next to the "Message" button
3) Clock on "Add to Interest Lists", We love hearing about new diners' experiences at Lumiere! Molly's review:, Feeling festive? Here's an early sneak peek at Chef Leviton's Chinese-inspired Christmas Eve menu! via Boston.com, In need of some Thanksgiving inspiration? Try Chef Leviton's Fall Fruit Compote as a cranberry sauce alternative! via Newton Patch, Honored to be included among Zagat Survey's 10 Best Restaurants in Boston!, Future Chefs will receive 5% of sales from Whole Foods' Symphony and Brighton locations on Tuesday, November 13th. Shop to support a great cause!, Thanksgiving's right around the corner, and we have naturally-raised BN Ranch turkeys (the best birds Chef Leviton has ever had!) available for pre-order now! Call us at 617-244-9199 to get yours., Help support our sister restaurant Area Four by casting your vote in Eater Boston's Restaurant of The Year Awards!, Vote for Area Four for Boston's Restaurant of the Year. Thanks!

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2012/11/06/vote-for-bostons-restaurant-of-the-year.php#more, Mother Jones with a geneticist's take on Proposition 37 and Walmart's sales of GE sweet corn:, An issue that's important to us this election season - what you need to know about Proposition 37:, Very proud to be named one of Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurants of 2012., Not letting Sandy get the best of us today! We will be open for our normal hours. Call 617.244.9199 for reservations!, Happy Food Day! We recommend celebrating the occasion with a day full of local, sustainably produced foods. Happy to do the cooking for you! Call 617.244.9199 for reservations., Serving our $45 prix fixe menu during Newton Restaurant week! Zagat Survey has the details:, Zagat has the details on tomorrow night's Food Day Supper Club at Lumiere! Serving up veal, vegetables and apple crumble - all locally sourced and sustainably raised.

via Zagat Survey, Working on the finishing touches for our Food Day-themed Supper Club on Wednesday night. Boston Common Magazine has the details:, Chef Leviton on Food Day in The Phoenix: 

"The frustrating thing is that every day should be Food Day, just like every day should be Earth Day. It's kind of a no-brainer, and it's unfortunate that we need a day for it at all, but we have to do anything we can to raise awareness about sustainable consumption."

We're celebrating a year-long Food Day approach on Wednesday, 10/24 with our Every Day is Food Day Supper Club. Call 617.244.9199 to reserve your spot!, Check out next Supper Club, with an Every Day is Food Day sustainable theme in today's The Boston Globe:, Our Every Day is Food Day Supper Club is one week from tomorrow! Full menu below, 617.244.9199 for reservations!, Chef Leviton's prepping to teach a Boston Center for Adult Education class on Thursday night - a lesson in simple cooking with minimum fuss and maximum flavor:, Great read and quote from Chef Leviton about this year's Chefs Collaborative Sustainable Food Summit on Zester Daily:, The Boston Green Blog has the details on our 10/24 Every Day is Food Day Supper Club! Call 617.244.9199 for reservations., Check out Chef Leviton in a Seattle magazine article on one of his favorite initiatives, Save Bristol Bay:, Glad to see The Passionate Foodie shares our sentiments on local, sustainable seafood., Great read from The Huffington Post: Marc Vetri on the best advice for young chefs - Learn the basics, develop your own style and attitude is everything., Check out our 10/24 Every Day is Food Day Supper Club on GAYOT.com - The Guide to the Good Life!, Chef Leviton is representing Lumiere at Area Four at the Chefs Collaborative National Summit in Seattle this week. Follow #natlsum12 on Twitter for updates!, LAST CHANCE to follow @LumiereNewton on Twitter and enter for free entry to our (sold-out!!) Back to School Supper Club on 10/4!! 

Menu includes twists on classics like Tomato Soup with Lumière "Ritz" Crackers, Panko Crusted Chicken Goujonettes (aka Crispy Chicken Fingers, Four Cheese Mac & Cheese, Roasted Multicolor Cauliflower, Make-Your-Own Sundaes & Beverage Pairings from Spindrift Soda and Highlawn Farm Dairy, Great read by Talking Fish on The Boston Globe & New York Times reports missing the main points on fish conservation:, Follow @LumiereNewton on Twitter before Friday to enter in a drawing for FREE tickets to our 10/4 Back-to-School Supper Club, for you and your kid!, Bon Appétit Management Company and Seafood Watch will host a Twitter chat on sustainable seafood today at 12 PM Pacific time. Tune in on Twitter by following the hashtag #localfish!, Giving away FOUR tickets (2 adults, 2 kids) to our 10/4 kid-friendly Supper Club! Just follow @LumiereNewton on Twitter before 9/28 to enter, and your family can feast on Michael Leviton's twists on childhood classics like: 

Tomato Soup with Lumière "Ritz" Crackers, Panko Crusted Chicken Goujonettes (aka Crispy Chicken Fingers), Four Cheese Mac & Cheese, Roasted Multicolor Cauliflower, Make-Your-Own Sundaes, and beverage pairings from Spindrift Soda and Highlawn Farm Dairy, Interesting development on sustainable seafood: Fishing in New England declared a disaster due to slowly rebuilding stock.

via The Boston Globe, Check out Chef Leviton in The Boston Globe's Names section for his participation in the WGBH Food & Wine Festival!, Thank you The Boston Globe for including Lumiere among Boston's top 10 underrated restaurants, with info on Chef Leviton's role with Chefs Collaborative! Full article here:, Lumiere's latest family-style events and specials made Newton Patch! Details on our monthly Supper Club and more:, More on the organic food debate from WBUR 90.9 FM - pesticides & sustainability matter too:, Studies say organic foods aren't more nutritious, but there's more to it that that. The Atlantic explains it here:, Did you try ML's Sweet Corn Soup at last night's Supper Club? Make it at home while it's still in season with his recipe! via BostonChefs.com, Couldn't make it to tonight's Supper Club? Our September Back to School event is right around the corner! Check it out on Examiner.com:, More from Chef Leviton on Restaurant Week, this time from Radio Boston:, Tune to WGBH Radio Boston Boston Public Radio around 1:30 to hear Chef ML chat about his views on Boston Restaurant Week. Background here:, Congratulations to Janet Porcaro, our Supper Club Contest winner!! You+ and guest get FREE entry at Lumiere’s Supper Club 8/29!, Last chance to enter our Supper Club Contest! Follow @LumiereNewton on Twitter to enter for FREE entry for two at our 8/29 Tomato & Corn Festival. Winner will be announced over Twitter this afternoon!, Serving a $45 pix fixe menu through the end of August! Three course menu (and back story) here:, Not exactly a light read, but definitely interesting. Ecological Society of America & Arizona State University study found that sustainable seafood is healthier: http://www.esajournals.org/doi/pdf/10.1890/120003, Proud to be from Newton! Our city was ranked 4th by CNN Money of the 100 best places to live in the US:, Only a few more days until the winner of our Supper Club contest is announced! One lucky Twitter follower gets FREE entry for two on 8/29. Follow @LumiereNewton before Friday for a chance to dine on this:, Confused about Lumiere's absence from Boston Restaurant Week events? Check out Chef Leviton's piece in yesterday's The Boston Globe on why he's opting out (and the month-long prix fixe alternative):, The Skinny Beet stepped into the Lumiere kitchen with Chef Leviton to whip up some berry shortcake. Her take on the behind the scenes look:, Countdown to our Twitter contest announcement begins! One week from today we'll give away FREE entry for two to one lucky follower. Follow @LumiereNewton before 8/24 to enter!, $45 through the end of August for three courses of eats like corn soup, Chatham bluefish & watermelon sorbet! The back story: http://lumiererestaurant.com/news/chefs_blog.php, Spread the word! We're drawing one Twitter follower to win FREE entry for two at our 8/29 Supper Club! Winner will be announced this Friday - follow @LumiereNewton before then! Menu here:, Happy 100th Birthday today to the iconic Julia Child , who paved the way for fearless French cooking. "The only real stumbling block is fear of failure. In cooking you’ve got to have a what-the-hell attitude." -JC, Twitter contest!  - We’re raffling off FREE entry for one lucky Twitter follower plus guest to our 8/29 Corn & Tomato Supper Club! Winner announced 8/24... follow before then!, Think there's no difference between grass & grain-fed beef? A Table in Time has the results from our tasting challenge:, Bon Appétit Magazine has the scoop on using up loads of Farmer’s Market zucchini without getting sick of the same old veggie dish:, Want to come to our 8/29 Supper Club? One lucky follower will win FREE entry for 2 – winner announced 8/24 - make sure to follow before then!, We’re honoring Julia Child's 100th birthday this week! Stop in to join us in celebrating the legendary French chef., Restaurant Week is too short for our liking. Choosing a month-long prix fixe menu instead! Menu & thought process:, We’re committed to keeping food local, responsible & sustainable. As a result, we're foregoing Boston Restaurant Week this year. Here's why: http://www.lumiererestaurant.com/news/chefs_blog.php, Chef Leviton’s thoughts on Restaurant Week Boston, and why he chose to skip it this year, plus the month-long alternative:, We're not participating in Restaurant Week this year... how does a full month sound!? $45 prix fixe menu all month:, We’re not the only ones thinking about tomatoes this week (getting ready for Tomato & Corn-themed Supper Club 8/29!)... The New York Times blog theme = methods and uses for the ruby-red produce:, According to Newton Patch, our Twitter contest should be on your radar today! Follow @LumiereNewton by 8/24 to score free entry for two at our Tomato and Corn-themed Supper Club!, We’re giving away FREE entry for two to our Tomato & Corn Festival on August 29! To enter, just follow us on Twitter by August 24!, Thank you Bon Appétit Magazine for this delicious, spicy guide to Sriracha – 25 uses for the fiery condiment (sweating just thinking about it…), Are you on Twitter? Follow us (@LumiereNewton) by 8/24 to enter for FREE admission for 2 to our end-of-August Supper Club ON 8/29! https://twitter.com/LumiereNewton, Interesting article from NPR on chemically altered produce like seedless watermelon, aka “the watermelon version of a mule:”, We like this tip from Epicurious on how to pick the best corn at the farmer's market!

"Find a big, fat ear and feel it from bottom to top to be sure there are no hollows in the middle (where worms might have taken a share) and no unfilled-out kernels at the end.", Have you signed up for our next monthly Supper Club? August theme celebrates summer staples: corn & tomatoes! Menu here:, Love this simple, seasonal oven-roasted tomato recipe from Leite's Culinaria – just tomatoes, olive oil & salt (inspiration for our 8/29 tomato and corn-themed Supper Club!):, Great to see Newton, MA biz in the spotlight for London 2012 Olympics and Aly Raisman! Local jeweler designs Aly’s “lucky earrings:”, Check Lumiere's our Farmer's Daughter cocktail on Newton Tab's list of the town's six best summer drink spots!, Interesting read from Bloomberg Businessweek about FarmersWeb – a smart new site that lets East Coast chefs search for local food within 300 miles:, Excited and proud to be named Boston Magazine's Best of Boston 2012 Restaurant/Bistro in the Suburbs West!, It's never too early to sign up for our next Supper Club! On August 29 we’re embracing summer sustenance with a Tomato & Corn Festival. Call 617-244-9199 to join!, Chef Leviton's beef bacon landed us a spot in Stuff Magazine's Hot 100 issue for "Hot & Crispy" new slices of bacon! Check out our variation on the crispy classic:, Today's the last day to vote for Lumiere as "Best French" in CityVoter, Inc.'s The Boston A-List! We would love your support:, Are you on Twitter? Follow us @LumiereNewton!, Great story in  The Tennessean | Tennessean.com – a pair of high school “farm boys” ditched their typical lawn-mowing/ice cream parlor summer jobs to successfully grow & sell their own produce:, Check out Chef Michael Leviton's thoughts on the buzz around heirloom tomatoes in The Boston Globe today:, Happy birthday, Amelia Earhart! Clinking glasses of our Aviation cocktail (Tanqueray gin, maraschino liqueur, lemon & crème de violette) in her honor. Cheers to the pioneer pilot!, Happy National Vanilla Ice Cream Day! Our building used to house an ice cream parlor… Now we serve it on top of our valrhona manjari chocolate soufflé cake!, Sign up for our 7/25 BBQ Supper Club & feast on smokey, midsummer barbecue dishes like these! Call us to reserve your spot: 617-244-9199, Thanks Stuff Magazine for including our 7/25 BBQ Supper Club this week! Still time to reserve a spot! (Call 617-244-9199), Nice piece on the importance supporting local farming via CNN Eatocracy: What every farmer wants to hear – 'Go USA!', New series to follow: Daniela Aceves of Roots of Change on “A New Mainstream in Food and Agriculture” (highlights local, ecological foods), A piece worth reading in The New Yorker with insight from Michael Pollan - the summer heat wave's effects on corn fertilization, Fresh summer dinner idea: Chef Leviton’s simple and sweet corn soup: just 8 ears of corn, 4 tbsp butter, 1 tsp salt and water, Thoughtful piece by Nicollette Niman of BN Ranch (Lumiere's source for grass-fed meat) in The Atlantic: "Provocative piece on foie gras", Happy national French fry day! Ours are paired with grassfed sirloin steak and topped with artichokes, asparagus & tapenade butter. Great way to celebrate!, Honored to be named one of Boston's 10 best restaurants by Zagat! Congrats to all included., Check out Chef Michael Leviton's advice for outdoor entertaining this summer in today's Boston Globe:, Still time to sign up for our July 25 Supper Club! Great opportunity to feast family-style on our take on BBQ. Call for reservations:, The first blog in a four-part series about Four Fish by Paul Greenberg's recent trip to Bristol Bay via The New York Times, The New York Times gets in on Bristol Bay sockeye salmon! There's still room in tomorrow's Sockeye Salmon five-course dinner! cc Chefs Collaborative http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/11/dining/fresh-sockeye-salmon-with-a-cause-food-stuff.htm, This Wednesday, come support the Bristol Bay, AK sockeye salmon industry -- and enjoy a special five-course dinner., null, Proud to say our food comes from local, sustainable sources like Massachusetts Farmer's Markets. Check out the list of NE purveyors we work with:, We love cooking with peas in their peak season. Check out our favorite version in Zagat:, Funny read from the folks at Bon Appetit Magazine on the origins of food holidays (Oh, and Happy Apple Turnover Day!), Congrats to Bully Boy Distillers on Silver Medals at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition! We’re pairing our barbecued Supper Club menu with their cocktails on July 25., Still time to vote for us for “Best French Food” in CityVoter’s The Boston AList! Cast your votes here: http://boston.cityvoter.com/lumi%C3%A8re-restaurant/biz/1975?for=food/french, Do you get our monthly newsletter? Sign up here (top right) for current news & events:, Mark your calendars! 7/11 we’re hosting a dinner in support of Bristol Bay AK sockeye salmon. Join us for 3 courses of raw, cured and smoked versions., Have you signed up for our July supper club? Next up: smoky, mid-summer BBQ 7/25 featuring drink pairings by Bully Boy Distillers: http://stage.bostonusa.com/visit/bostoneveryday/be/events?view=single&id=27131, Looks like we’re not the only ones with berries on the mind. Great round-up of seasonal fruit recipes from New York Times Dining:, We’re embracing seasonal produce as participants in the 5th annual Strawberry Dessert Festival! Stop in this summer for berry-infused menu items., TGIF! Start off your weekend with our summery Farmer’s Daughter (Crater Lake Vodka, Ginger Brew, Rhubarb Syrup, White Vermouth, Cranberry), It’s heating up in Newton this weekend! Newton Patch has the keys to food safety in the sun, featuring our own Michael Leviton:, Great Boston Globe round-up of local happenings for Independence Day next week. What’s on your list of July 4 to-dos?, Like to celebrate seasonal ingredients like we do? Local farmer’s markets to check out this summer:, We’re excited to be included in Devra First’s Boston Globe piece featuring former Lumiere chef Jitti Chaithiraphant: “When the chef becomes the apprentice”, Countdown is on for our lobster bake - this Wednesday w/ Narragansett Beer. Only $55/person -- call now for reservations!, Make Your Reservations TODAY!

New England Lobster Bake – June 27, 2012, 7:00 PM

($55/person; $15 for beverage pairing)

A classic lobster bake to kick off summer with dishes including:
• Seaweed Roasted Lobster
• Narragansett Steamed Clams and Lumière Linguica
• Local Strawberry Shortcake with Lard Biscuits and Cultured Cream
• Beverage Pairings: A trio of Narragansett Beer’s brews, including Summer Ale, Lager and Light, Like our friends Rain Crow Ranch - American GrassFed Beef!, Chef Michael Leviton will be there. Show your support!, Chef Michael Leviton will be there. Show your support!, Thank you, Foodista on Pointe, for including our new Supper Club!, Chowhounders buzz about our soft shell crab appetizer, served with Thai flavors like lime, curry and peanuts, Chef Michael Leviton shares 10 things every cook should know in The Boston Globe, including 1) salting water for blanching vegetables so that it tastes like the North Atlantic, and 2) fingers are expensive; vegetables are not. 

Watch the video to see four of the 10 tips in action!, Thanks to Chef Michael Leviton's friendship with rancher Bill Niman, Area Four and Lumiere are the only restaurants in Boston to carry BN Ranch. The only other chef to carry BN Ranch this summer is Dan Barber of Blue Hill and Blue Hill at Stone Barn.

Starting next week, we will be serving BN Ranch beef from California. We'll be doing a smoked roast beef sandwich at Area Four and bavette steaks and bone-in, double-cut rib-eyes at lumiere the restaurant. Oh, and we'll slip a little tongue in there too via some special treats at both restaurants.

You do NOT want to miss this!

About BN Ranch: For a few months every year, BN Ranch offers fresh, totally grass grown and finished beef. The beef is unlike anything else on the market - it's raised naturally, harvested at peak time (mature beef provides unique richness, flavor and texture), raised in harmony with the seasons and raised with care. Read more in the NY Times article below., An interesting read on state-issued licenses for lobstermen in Maine, from the Portland Press Herald , Exciting news for home cooks and local fishermen! via Boston Magazine, Polls almost closed -- please vote for Area Four!, Vote for Area Four's pizza!!!, null, Tonight at Area Four, we launch the newest ale from Backlash beer , We've always thought so..., Earth Day menu tonight - 7 courses - all ingredients grown/raised/harvested/caught/brewed/distilled/made in New England! Help us raise $ for Chefs Collaborative!, Check out the menu for our Earth Day dinner this Sunday -- everything is made/raised/roasted/caught/brewed/distilled in New England! Go Local!, null, Thank you Chowdown Beantown for supporting our Earth Day dinner this Sunday!, Earth Day menu featured on BostonChefs.com!, Earth Day menu // Sunday April 22 // $125/person to benefit Chefs Collaborative

100% of the ingredients are from New England - salt, pepper, yogurt, grains, beer, wine, spirits - everything!

Here are a few of the courses!

oysters (island creek of course) and fish tartare 

fried poached chip-in farm egg - ramp compote and pickled fiddleheads

cape cod sea scallop - dried scallop dashi, local shiitakes and pea greens

Lumiere charcuterie plate - (local pork, goat, veal and chicken) wild watercress salad 
Roasted Lovejoy Brook Farm veal loin, root vegetable blanquette, cheese (from cricket creek, jasper hill and ruggles), champlain valley apiaries honey, maine mustard oil, sweet & sour (maple and cider vinegar) apple compote

Local Fruit tart with sweet cream ice cream, Thank you to everyone who came out this weekend to celebrate Passover with us. Our annual Seder was a success! Thanks to Rabbi Ba'esh!, Boston is not alone in its need for a public market! Great op-ed in today's The New York Times by Paul Greenberg, Robert LaValva and Dave Pasternack , Reservations still available for our annual Seder this Saturday... , Testing out matzo at Area Four for next weekend's Lumiere's Passover Seder, null, null, New spring dishes at Area Four, our sister restaurant in Cambridge, MA, What do you think about these "new rules" for eating mindfully?, Passover + sustainability + local ingredients = Seder at lumiere the restaurant. Check out this interview with Chef Leviton on Jewish Boston: , Last day to vote Area Four!, TIME TO REJOICE!

Local striped bass - one of the joys of summer in Massachusetts - is no longer in danger, thanks to the hard work and testimony of commercial fishermen and the Chefs Collaborative during a hearing at the State House last month. 

Yesterday, a proposal to ban the harvest and sale of striped bass in Massachusetts was shelved by the Joint Committee on Environment, Natural Resources, and Agriculture.

Good news for chefs' summer meal planning; great news for commercial fishermen of Massachusetts!, Vote Area Four in The Boston Globe's annual Munch Madness tournament. Help our sister restaurant take it to the next round! , Two weeks of Restaurant Week = two different Restaurant Week menus. Come in both weeks to try them out! , null, null, Could deer meat be more ethical than a soy burger? An interesting read..., Celebrate Passover April 6 and 7 with an innovative Seder at lumiere the restaurant featuring Rabbi Lev Ba'esh, the Interfaith Ambassador for Combined Jewish Philanthropies. The dinner will be four courses with wine pairings. Stay tuned for complete menu and details. Or - if you can't wait - call 617.244.9199 for more information!, Bristol Bay is a pristine ecosystem in Alaska responsible for the most productive wild sockeye salmon fishery in the world - creating 12,000 jobs in Alaska and a$350 million industry dependent upon it. Right now, the Bay is under threat from 10 billion tons of potential toxic waste from Pebble Mine. The world's richest sockeye salmon supply is at risk - as are the Native American and local communities that rely on the salmon industry for survival. Take action now by reading up at the link below, raising your awareness and signing a petition to the EPA to stop Pebble Mine.

Stay tuned for events at Lumiere and Area Four this summer (late June to mid-July -- the sockeye salmon run) to help the cause. 

cc Chefs Collaborative, Today's internet find: a recipe for our Seder dish "Maple-Mustard Glazed Smoked Sable with Beets and Horseradish Vinaigrette" on the White House's official website., More thoughts on sustainable seafood from Michael Leviton in an interview with StarChefs.com: "You’ll find that the more you know, the easier it is to make other certain decisions that have beneficial impacts. Sometimes the more you know makes it more difficult, but at the end of the day, the more information, you have the better decisions you can make. And the better decisions you can make, the better hopefully it will be for all of us, and for our children and for our children’s children." cc Chefs Collaborative, What sustainable seafood in Boston looks like in today's The Boston Globe, cc Area Four, Recipe in today's The Boston Globe from Michael Leviton; come to Area Four and try it for yourself., Today's The Boston Globe tracks the difficulties chefs face when it comes to sustainable seafood cc Area Four, null, Stay tuned for a sneak peek at our March Restaurant Week menus. We'll have two different ones for each week..., Prince Charles: "I have no intention of being confronted by my grandchildren, demanding to know why on Earth we didn't do something about the many problems that existed when we knew what was going wrong.", "...you have to start somewhere." The strong case for restaurants' support of small & local farms - and a few tips for those just starting out., Who's coming to celebrate Valentine's Day with us?, If you buy organic, you'll want to read this story from today's The New York Times. Small farmers in the US head to court to stop genetically-modified crop contamination., Learn about the Farm Bill in today's The Boston Globe, A host of new tech companies are creating ways to buy food directly from local food producers, cutting out grocery stores and some of the middlemen. via The Wall Street Journal, You do not have to live in Newton to include your favorite Newton fine dining restaurant in the TAB's "Best in Town," nor do you have to live in Cambridge to vote for favorite place for lunch or pizza!
 
A. You do need to vote before Feb. 15.
B. You do need to enter 10 choices for all your votes to count
C. Here is the website: www.wickedlocalfavorites.com
D. If you need help with filling in your favorites, consider any of the following.

43. Restaurant for Lunch       /      Area Four                        /            Cambridge
44. Restaurant for Dinner      /       Lumiere                /                       Newton
45. Fine Dining Restaurant     /     Lumiere                         /              Newton
47. Pizza place            /                Area Four                     /               Cambridge
55. Restaurant for Steak     /         Lumiere                       /                Newton
61. Fish Market               /             Captain Marden's             /             Wellesley

 
Thanks very much.

, Leigh Belanger of the Chefs Collaborative talks sustainability on Eater Boston (cc Russell House Tavern, Area Four, 606 Congress), Putting a burger on the menu for the first time - our Neighborhood Bistro menu (Sunday - Thursday) coming January 30!, "Sustainability in 2012 is about designing an efficient, eco-friendly environment, reducing waste, recycling, composting, using biodegradable products when possible, conserving water and generally paying more attention to one's impact on the environment when eating and drinking -- whether it's serving organic wine or knowing where your meat comes from.", We've added new photographs to our "In the Kitchen" album to give our guests a behind-the-scenes look at the incredible products we use each day - veal from Cricket Creek Farm in Williamstown, Wild Maryland Striped Bass, Sea Urchin from Ingrid in Stonington ME, amazing bone-in rib-eye beef from Rain Crow Ranch..., Working on a new Neighborhood Bistro Menu for Sunday-Thursday..., The Boston Globe interviews Michael Pollan, coming to Boston later this month., Au revoir, Julia. , null, Have you been to our sister restaurant, Area Four in Cambridge? Bon Appétit Magazine gives you a good reason to check it out if you haven't yet!, Sad news..., The Boston Globe's Devra First looks back on her favorite dishes from 2011, Happy New Year! Call for last minute reservations!, Looking for New Year's Eve plans? Have dinner with us - call now!, There are still a few open reservations for tonight's Christmas Eve dinner!, What should you serve with Sufganiyot? Beverage Director Chris Graeff suggests a Moscato d’Asti, the sparkling sweet wine of Italy., A thoughtful piece on vegetarianism in The Atlantic, from our friend Nicolette Hahn Niman of BN Ranch in California, So it's now official: Sustainability and buying local are a trend..., Last chance to join Lumiere as we welcome Paul Greenberg for an intimate dinner and discussion.  Mr. Greenberg's book, Four Fish will be available for purchase and book signing as well.  Dinner begins at 6:30pm, please call 617.244.9199 to reserve your spot!, Join us on Tuesday, May 10th for an intimate dinner and conversation with Paul Greenberg, author of Four Fish.  Dinner and discussion will begin at 6:30.  Please call us for further information and reservations.  617.244.9199, Last chance for an intimate conversation with Nicolette Hahn Niman at Lumiere!  Call now to hold the last few spots!  617.244.9199, space still available on Wednesday, March 23rd for a conversation with Nicolette Hahn Niman of BN Ranch!   Signed copies of her book, "Righteous Porkchop", BNRanch grass fed beef hot dogs, turkey chili and lots of spring vegetables...and a keg of Harpoon Ale.  Fifty-five bucks all inclusive.  Call us at 617.244.9199 after 2:30 ro reserve your spot., offering our Restaurant Week menu straight through March 18th where you will find the same great local, organic and sustainable ingredients we always use, Restaurant Week Winter 2011 is just around the corner.We're open for dinner only, and offering the Restaurant Week menu every night from March 6th-18th., due to the inclement weather, we will be closed tonight, Wednesday, February 2nd ...we're not happy about it either.  Save your appetites for tomorrow night when we're back in action!, hey New Englanders don't be intimated by a little snow - put on your boots, zip up your coat, dig yourself out, and come on in 'cause we're open!, thank you to everyone who came out for the Joan Nathan dinner last night.  We had a great turnout!, hosting and cooking with Joan Nathan, author of "Quiches, Kugels, and Couscous" on Monday, January 31, 2011 at 6:30pm.  Four Courses inspired by the book at $85 per person including tax & gratuity.  Please call Lumiere directly to make reservations. 617.244.9199, is closed tonight due to the weather...we are terribly sorry for any inconvenience this causes to your plans.  We look forward to seeing you tomorrow night!, Mushroom Soup is back!, don't let a little bit of snow scare you...we have Scituate Lobster Soup finished with  Bourbon Cream, is still accepting reservations for New Year's Eve.  Three courses for $70 with choices:  Stonington Maine Lobster Soup, Long Island Duck Breast and Bugey-Cerdon Sparkling Rose Sorbet to name a few., will be open for business tonight!  So get out there, shovel yourselves out and come visit us!, Christmas Eve: we are open. And, in continuing what has sort of become a tradition at Lumière, we are serving a mishmash of a menu featuring dishes inspired by a variety of winter holiday traditions. A little Christmas, a little Hanukkah and a little bit of Chef Michael Leviton's experience growing up Jewish in Newton.  Dinner is three courses for sixty five dollars., December Lumiere Newsletter, Stonington Maine Shellfish Stew includes Bouchet Mussels, Steamer Clams, Peekytoe Crab, Bagaduce River Oysters and Leeks covered in a Lobster-Sea Urchin Broth, will be closed tonight, Thursday, December 9th for a private party.  We're sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused to your plans.  We look forward to seeing you tomorrow night instead., Pave of Braised Frizzell Hill Farm Goat served with glazed Verrill Farm carrots and polenta, goat jus and rosemary oil; the perfect antidote to this cold winter's day., is taking reservations for Christmas Eve 2010.  Special 3-course Prix Fixe Menu for $65 per person and $30 per person for wine pairings.  Make your reservations through Open Table or by calling the restaurant directly, 617.244.9199., new dining room is now available for private parties, Help Raise Money For The Chefs Collaborative.  Become a fan of Muir Glen Organic Tomatoes and help raise up to $40,000 for the Chefs Collaborative. Please forward to all your friends!, Check out our goat butchery slide show. Not for the squeamish!, Michael's famed Mushroom Soup has made it's return!  Come on in for a bowlful tonight!  Oh and it's vegan too!!!, Newton Community Farm Benefit Dinner Tonight!  Head to your local Farmer's Market and support your local farms!, Come, sit at the bar and get a "bird's eye view" of the chef, their creations and your meal., Bird's Eye View, Reservations for Summer Restaurant Week are going fast!  Book online at www.opentable.com or call us at 617.244.9199 to experience all the the summer's bounty has to offer!, Boston Restaurant Week is right around the corner!  Check out our menu and make your reservations soon!, Check out our new website...http://www.lumiererestaurant.com/, Check out our new website...http://www.lumiererestaurant.com/, Local Cheese, Local Beer and Kurt from Formaggio at Lumiere on Monday night. Come check it out!, Welcome to Lumiere's Facebook Page. We encourage our guests to use this social networking page as a way to interact with us at the restaurant and a way to share your experience at Lumiere. Please feel free to post and blog about anything you would like to share. Be on the look out for all upcoming events and happenings at the restaurant., Molten Valrhona Chocolate Cake with Rum Caramel & Vanilla Ice Cream, Cauliflower-Leek Soup with Rock Shrimp, Seared Sea Scallops with Asparagus, Morels and Aged Balsamic Brown Butter, null)