List(Have you heard of the taco cleanse? We hadn't either, but we're happy to be on this list!, Tenoch is Yelp's #1 rated restaurant in Boston. Amazing! Gracias!, Happy New Year! We'll be closing at 5 pm on 12/31 and closed on 1/1. Feliz año nuevo!, What a great start! We're so happy to be in the neighborhood, Happy holidays! Muy felices fiestas! Tenoch is closed today and tomorrow (Christmas Eve and Christmas Day)., We're ready to open in Davis Square this Thursday, Dec. 17th at 382 Highland Ave., Somerville! Thanks to everyone who has helped us along the way. Hasta pronto!, Great to see the Torta Campechana on this list!, It's official: Tenoch is coming to Somerville!! Last night our requests were approved by the licensing commission. Thank you to everyone for your support!, Tenoch is holding a Q+A meeting today at the future Davis Square location as part of the licensing process to open at 382 Highland Ave. Somerville neighbors: come on down between 6:30-7:30 pm today to sign a petition in support of the new location!, "Like" this post to show your support for the new Tenoch location at 382 Highland Ave. in Davis Square! At the June Somerville Licensing Commission meeting, the decisions regarding the opening of our newest location were tabled -- we hope to be on the agenda again at the next meeting. Help us satisfy your torta craving!, Tenoch is closed today, July 4th. Happy Independence Day!, It's a great day! It's Cinco de Mayo AND Yahoo has named Tenoch as the #1 Mexican restaurant in Massachusetts! Buen provecho!, We're open at both locations today. Tenoch Móvil and El Jarocho food trucks are off today., http://boston.eater.com/maps/16-best-tacos-boston., Three years ago today we opened our doors. We never could have imagined how welcoming and loyal our customers would be - gracias por todo!, Check out No. 2 in Best Sandwiches according to Boston Magazine: the Torta!, Tenoch is closed today. Stay warm!, Happy Valentine's Day!, We are open in Medford, closed in the North End. Stay safe!, Due to the MBTA shutting down at 7pm we are closing the North End location now. Medford open til 9pm, We're open at both locations today!, Hats for sale! $12 at the Medford location, We're proud to be in good company under "Local Favorites on the March" in yesterday's Boston Globe magazine Best of the New 2014 edition!, A great way to start the year: Most Welcome Flavors! Feliz año 2015!, We're thankful to be included in Devra First's 14 Boston-area dishes to be thankful for. 'Tis the season!, Happy holidays from Tenoch! We are closed today 12/24 and tomorrow 12/25. Felices fiestas!, We have a delicious new special for the winter: Torta de bacalao (salted cod), Warm up with some delicious pozole! Available at our Medford location today and in the North End starting tomorrow, and Thurs-Sun throughout the winter!, Happy Thanksgiving!, Tenoch Móvil schedule for this week:
Wed: 44 Mall Rd, Burlington 11:30am-2pm AND Cambridge Discovery Park, Cambridge 11:30am-1:30pm
Thurs: Congress St. at Dewey Square, Boston 11am-2:30pm AND 101 Hartwell Ave, Lexington 11:30am-2pm 
Fri: 21-25 Dry Dock Ave, Boston 11:30am-2pm AND 101 Hartwell Ave, Lexington 11:30am-2pm, We're open with regular hours today at both locations. Tenoch Móvil food truck will be at Dewey Square, Boston (Congress & Atlantic) from 11-2:30. Hasta pronto!, Buenos dias from the newest member of the Tenoch family. Our new Torta Truck has a name: "El Jarocho" can't wait to meet you!, Tenoch Móvil schedule for this week:
TUES and THURS: Congress St. at Dewey Square, Boston 11am-2:30pm 
WED: 44 Mall Rd Burlington 11:30am-2pm
THURS 101 Hartwell Av Lexington 11:30am-2pm
FRI: 21-25 Dry dock Av, Boston 11:30am-2pm, Thanks to the Boston Globe for including us in their food truck feature! , We are open today (Labor Day). Come try our popular huarache on a gluten-free corn tortilla with filling of your choice!, Try our new vegetarian-friendly quesadilla: Flor de Calabaza (Squash blossom quesadilla with Oaxaca cheese in a corn tortilla), Today through Sunday at our Medford Square location, Tenoch will donate all proceeds from the sale of TACOS DE CHICHARRON to the family of our customer and Medford High grad, Eric Ferrazzani, We have a new torta!: Tres quesos (Oaxaca, Chihuahua and Queso Blanco cheeses), Thanks to the Improper Bostonian for naming us Best Torta in Boston! http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/, Yes, both locations are open today!, Both locations will be closed on July 4th. Happy 4th of July!, null, Thanks for the shout-out in Food & Wine, Brian Samuels! , Both locations will be closed today, Memorial Day., Happy Mother's Day!, Tenoch Movil is back on the road for lunch during the month of April:
MON: City Hall Plaza, Boston
TUES and THURS: Congress St. at Dewey Square, Boston
WED: Cambridge Discovery Park
FRI: 99 S. Bedford St., Burlington, null, We've been open in the North End for 3 weeks and we've been amazed at the reception. Gracias!, Thank you for such a warm welcome on our first day at our new location in the North End! For the time being our hours in the North End location will be 11 am to 9 pm., It's happening!! Tenoch will be opening at 3 Lewis Street in the North End, Boston, on Monday, February 10th. Los esperamos!, Tenoch Móvil schedule for this week: Wednesday at 100 Acorn Park Dr. Cambridge. from 11:30am-1:30pm  Thursday at 44 Mall Rd. Burlington. from 11:30am-1:30pm, Happy New Year!!!, Feliz Navidad!!!, We are expanding our business hours!! Now open 7 days a week, from 8 am to 9 pm (yes, we're serving breakfast!), Holiday hours:
12/24 open until 4 pm
12/25 CLOSED
12/26-30 open until 9 pm
12/31 CLOSED
1/1 CLOSED

Felices fiestas!, We are closing early now due to snow., Tenoch Móvil schedule for this week: Wednesday at 100 Acorn Park Dr Cambridge from 11:30am-1:30pm                 Thursday at 44 Mall Rd Burlington from 11:30am-1:30pm, Tired of turkey? Tenoch is open today from 11am-9pm!, Happy Thanksgiving! Tenoch is closed today. Enjoy the holiday!, Special for this weekend: tacos de barbacoa de borrego!!, Tenoch Móvil schedule for this week:                                         Tuesday at Boston Convention Center (415 Summer St. Boston) from 11:30-2pm                                                         Thursday at 44 Mall Rd. Burlington 11am-2pm                         Friday at 25 Corporate Dr. Burlington. 11am-2pm, We're at SoWa Market today with lots of special items to celebrate Mexican Independence Day. See you there!, Sorry, Tenoch Móvil will not be in Burlington today. See you in Medford!, This week only!: Tenoch Móvil will be in Davis Sq (corner Summer & Elm Streets) Mon-Wed for lunch and dinner. See you there! We'll be back in Burlington on Thurs (Mall Rd) and Fri (S. Bedford)., Tenoch Móvil is not running in Burlington today, but we're open at 24 Riverside Ave. in Medford., Tenoch is pleased to donate all sales of elote (Mexican corn on the cob) from this Thurs-Sat to the Cycle for Life., Tenoch is expanding this fall to the North End: 3 Lewis St. in Boston. We're excited, we hope you are, too!, And the winner of the taquiza is... Tommy Southwick! Congratulations,  Tommy - message us for details and to let us know where we're headed! Thanks to everyone who shared and tweeted!, Gana una taquiza! Share this post for a chance to have Tenoch Móvil come to your house in the greater Boston area! You host the party, and we'll bring the tacos (for up to 50 people)!, See you tomorrow at SoWa!, Tenoch Móvil schedule for the rest of the month of July in Burlington. 11am-2pm                                                       Monday,Tuesday and Friday at 99 South Bedford St              Wednesday at 168 Middlesex Turnpike                                Thursday at 44 Mall Rd, Update for this weekend: Tenoch is closed on Thurs 7/4. We'll be open on Fri 7/5 and Sat 7/6. Tenoch Movil's next appearance will be at SoWa market this Sunday and back to regular Burlington schedule next week. Happy 4th!, Sorry, truck's in the shop so we won't be in Burlington today. But we'll see you at SoWa market this Sunday!, Join us today from 3-7 pm for Circle the Square in Medford Square. We'll be giving a free taco de surtido with every order!, Special for tonight and tomorrow: Costillas de cerdo con mole (pork ribs with mole sauce). Delicious!, Did you know that the torta campechana is our most popular torta? Is it your favorite?, Tenoch Móvil has a new schedule for the month of June in Burlington. 11am-2pm                                                          Monday,Tuesday and Friday at 99 South Bedford St             Thursday at 44 Burlington Mall Rd., Have you tried elote?, Looking forward to seeing you at the Greenway Open Market this Saturday (11-5)!, Our food trailer has a new schedule for the rest of the month of May in Burlington.                                                                            Monday at 20 Blanchard Rd 11am-2pm                                        Tuesday and Thursday at 44 Burlington Mall Rd 11am-2pm    Friday at 99 South Bedford St 11am-2pm, We had a great day at SoWa Market! Our food trailer will be at 20 Blanchard Rd in Burlington on Mondays and Tuesdays (11-2) and 44 Burlington Mall Rd on Thursdays (11-2)., Today's special: Costillas de cerdo con mole (pork ribs with mole sauce). Delicious!!!, Tenoch is going mobile! Come visit our new food trailer this Sunday, May 5th at the SoWa Open Market!, We are so sorry to hear about the marathon explosions. We hope you and your loved ones are safe., Check out our sweet tamales with pineapple or raisins!, Have you tried our garnachas yet?, We want to clarify to our customers that today's Boston Globe article about food truck hygiene posted misinformation about Tenoch Movil. When we first decided to open a truck, we went to the inspection site to learn about the requirements, on April 2. They told us what we would need and marked us as not passing the inspection, as we were just setting up. But this was before we began operating, on May 5. We have never had a hygiene violation while in operation, much less a critical violation. It is very important for us to maintain sanitary conditions, and it's disappointing for a journalist to publish this misinformation., Looking for something lighter for spring?                                                                        Try our new torta de pescado (fish torta)!!, We love this overview of the Medford Sq food scene. Thanks, Susan Fairchild!

http://edibleboston.com/edible-food-finds-medford/, It's today! (and tomorrow!): Our one-year anniversary of being open in Medford Square! Thanks to everyone who's helped make Tenoch a success. Come celebrate with specials, sangre, tepache, and samples. Open til 10 pm!, Just a reminder that we'll be open til 10 pm this Friday and Saturday for our one-year anniversary!, March 1st marks one year since Tenoch opened its doors! Come by Friday, March 1st and Saturday, March 2nd to celebrate with us! Extended hours 11 AM-10 PM, We're closed today. See you on Monday!, We're closing at 3 pm today. Hasta pronto!, We'll be open for lunch today, and we'll keep an eye on the storm., Come try our delicious tamales!!, Tenoch is open today. (11am-9pm). Hasta pronto!, We're open today! Here's a photo of our delicious enchiladas de mole, from our regular menu., A shout-out to our friends at the Medford Winter's Farmer's Market -- stop by this afternoon!, Special for this week: Huarache!!, Feliz Año Nuevo! We wish everyone a great 2013. We're closed today and tomorrow, back open on Wednesday., Special for this week: torta al pastor!!, It's quiet, we're closin' early. Feliz Navidad a todos!, Our holiday hours:

12/24 OPEN 11-9
12/25 CLOSED
12/26-30 OPEN 11-9
12/31 CLOSED
1/1 CLOSED

Felices fiestas!, So happy to have made it into "Best of the New 2012" in today's Globe Magazine. Gracias!, Special for this week:  tacos al pastor!!, Tired of turkey? Tenoch is open 11 am - 9 pm!, Happy Thanksgiving!!, We're glad to see that Riverside Ave and Tenoch got major props from Grub Street earlier in the fall!, Today's special: tacos de cuerito, Special for this week : tacos de cochinita pibil!, Yes, Tenoch is open today!, Tenoch will be open for lunch today at 11 am, closing at 2:30 pm for the rest of the day., Did you catch us on TV Diner with Billy Costa last month? Delicioso!, We're pleased to be participating in Medford Family Network's Night of 10,000 Lights on 10/20. Get your tickets online!, Buenos dias! Yes, we're open today (Columbus Day)., Come join us today at Circle the Square. Tenoch is offering a 10% discount on food today only for anyone with a Tufts ID!, Special for the week of September 17 to 22: Frijoles charros
(pinto beans, chorizo, cilantro, ham, bacon, onions), Special for the week of September 17 to 22: Rajas de chile poblano (poblano pepper, corn, cream, queso fresco and rice), Special for the week of September 17 to 22: Torta de res empanizado (telera bread, beans, breaded steak, tomatoes,
chipotle mayo, Oaxaca cheese, onions and lettuce), Happy (Mexican) Independence Day from Tenoch! Come celebrate with some tortas and tacos!, Special for the week of September 10-15: Taco placero
(chicharron, carnitas, pico de gallo), Special for the week of September 10-15: Pozole rojo, Special for the week of September 10-15: Pollo con mole poblano (chicken with mole sauce, rice, and tortillas), Special: Chiles en Nogada, poblano peppers stuffed with creamy nogada sauce and garnished with cilantro and pomegranate seeds, Special: Picadas Veracruzanas, filled tortillas with salsa verde, mole, and salsa roja, with queso fresco and cream, Special: Torta Tajin, a heavy hitter with salchicha, chorizo, and bacon!, We have a whole month of dinner specials to celebrate Mexican Independence Day (9/15)!, We will be closed on Monday for Labor Day. Stay tuned for a month of specials starting Tuesday the 4th!, Tenoch won Best Latin Restaurant of Medford in the Medford Patch Readers' Choice awards! Gracias!, Thanks to the more than 50 people who signed up for our raffle at Circle the Square. Congratulations to the winner of a $20 gift certificate, Katie of Medford!, Today is "Circle the Square" in Medford Square! Come by Tenoch between 4-8 pm and enter your name to win a $20 gift certificate to Tenoch., Try our new special: FLAUTAS - 3 crispy tacos with chicken, with guacamolillo sauce, queso fresco, rice, pico de gallo, and avocado., Come try our tasty NEW horchata (it's all-natural!)!, Tenoch is closed today. Happy 4th of July!, We were nominated for Best Mexican by the Boston A List. Help us make it on the ranking board by voting for us!, Being parents ourselves, we were very excited to see that the Globe recommends Tenoch as a kid-friendly spot!, Did you know that we do catering? Write to us at info@tenochmexican.com if you're interested!, We'll be open on Memorial Day, normal hours (11 am - 9 pm). Hasta pronto!, Today's special : Adobo taco!, We have tamales today!, It's official: We have beer! Corona, XX, Sol, y otras cervezas mexicanas!, Today we have tamales rancheros (chicken with adobo sauce)!, We have pozole and we made extra tamales!, Tenoch is in the Globe!, null, Today's Special: Pozole Rojo, Thanks for the nice review, Medford High School -- we're looking forward to welcoming more MHS students!
, Sopa del dia 4/11: Pozole!, Today's special: Tilapia con guacamolillo sauce, with sauteed peppers and avocado, And here's our other special sandwich for the week: Torta de Pollo Empanizado (breaded chicken with lettuce, tomato, avocado), This week we have two special sandwiches. Here's the Torta Choriqueso (melted Oaxaca cheese with chorizo, lettuce, tomato)., This week's tamales are tamales oaxaqueños (wrapped in banana leaves), Soup's here! This week: Crema de Elote (cream of corn), Tenoch in Zagat!, Today: We have chicken mole tamales and chicken adobo tamales!, Special for the week of 3/19: Tampiqueña Plato, null, We have several varieties of tamales today!, Stop in to try our tortas!, Special sandwich for today and tomorrow: Torta adobada - marinated pork, adobo sauce, onions, queso oaxaca, beans, mayo, avocado. We're open til 9 pm!, null, null, Jarrett Barrios and Steve Buckley enjoy a meal at Tenoch!, null, Tenoch is in the Medford Patch!, null, We're open! Come on by for lunch or dinner!, We're opening this Thursday, March 1st! Los esperamos!)