List(We’re in the business of Everything haunted, null, Don't forget to make your mark on the FOT banner., Having some fun on this pre-st. Patrick's Day celebration. Get your scare on!, Our final winners for tonight's show are:

Bill Herschler
Renee Everett 
Anthony Waple
Edwin Armstrong 
Jon Farmer 
Alex Cuadra 
Lisa Wilkinson 
Paul Ogden
William Horn 
Terri DeYarmon I

You have all won 1 Free ticket, please bring an ID with you to the box office to redeem your ticket., FYI: Fast-pass ticket upgrades will be available at the door.  So if you bought an online ticket (You did not have the option of a fast-pass), you may purchase the fast-pass upgrade upon arrival., YOUR LAST CHANCE!

Comment and share this post to be entered to win one FREE ticket for TONIGHTS St. Patrick's day show!  We will be selecting 10 people to win.

Winners will be posted at 5:30 tonight

The first 1,000 customers will receive these awesome FOT wristbands! 

Doors open 7-11pm
Buy tickets here! 
www.fotohio.com, Just in time for St. Patrick's Day ---> Green FOT stadium cups have arrived.  The first 800 people receive one FREE.  Now, let me know what you are going to put in the cup., CONGRATULATIONS! 

Here are the next lucky winners! 

Show up to the onsite ticket booth with a photo ID, to receive your one free ticket.

Tanya Stauffer 
Robin Stack
Jeffrey Nishiyama
Stephanie Renee I
Christopher Myers 
Danielle Haney 
Theresa M Dunn, Who's ready for some St. Patrick's fun?  FYI: If your birthday is on March 12 or March 17, you get in FREE!, TOMORROW we celebrate St. Patrick's Day at Factory of Terror! We are open Saturday, March 12th for a full October style tour featuring new scenes and an Irish twist! We will also have onsite photo ops for everyone plus free merch for the first 200 guests! Last year this event sold out, so don't delay, secure your tickets now at www.FOTohio.com.

The Luck of the Irish Won't Save You Here!

#HauntedHouse #Canton #StPattysDay, SEASON PASS HOLDERS

If you are or want to become a 2016 season pass member all you have to do is sign up at www.fotohio.com 

ALL 2016 season pass holders will receive a FREE St. Patty's Day shirt at the box office!

Sign up now!! www.fotohio.com, null, We are ready for the weekend. Be sure to sign the St. Patrick's Day banner. #stpatricks #hauntfun, WIN FREE PASSES!
Factory of Terror Haunted House is open Saturday, March 12th for a special St. Patrick's Day celebration!

We are giving some lucky FOT fans a chance to win #FREE TICKETS to our event! *each winner will be able to bring 1 guest*

TO ENTER, simply comment tagging the person you would bring with you to experience FOT! We will randomly select some winners. Good Luck!

Factory of Terror is a 3x Guinness World Record Holder of the WORLD'S LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE!

Event Details -> www.FOTohio.com

#StPattysDay #Canton #FOTohio, Only 3 days until we celebrate St. Patrick's Day at Factory of Terror! We are open this Saturday, March 12th for a full October style tour featuring new scenes and an Irish twist! We will also have onsite photo ops for everyone plus free merch for the first 200 guests! Last year this event sold out, so don't delay, secure your tickets now at www.FOTohio.com.

The Luck of the Irish Won't Save You Here!

#HauntedHouse #Canton #StPattysDay, 3 days! until the FOT St. Patricks day event!
Get your tickets now at www.fotohio.com 
Don't forget to sign the banner at the snack bar on the 12th!, The Luck of the Irish Won't Save You Here!

Celebrate St Patrick's Day at Factory of Terror! We are open this Saturday, March 12th for a full October style show featuring new scenes and an Irish twist! We will also have onsite photo ops for everyone plus free merch for the first 200 guests!

Last year this event sold out, so don't delay, secure your tickets now at www.FOTohio.com

#HauntedHouse #Canton #StPattysDay, null, IRISH TO BE SCARED! Do you?

Celebrate St Patrick's Day at Factory of Terror! We are open this Saturday, March 12th for a full October style tour featuring new scenes and an Irish twist! We will also have onsite photo ops for everyone plus free swag for the first 200 guests!

Last year this event sold out, so don't delay, secure your tickets now at www.FOTohio.com

The Luck of the Irish Won't Save You Here!

#HauntedHouse #Canton #StPattysDay, We are just over a week away from our St. Patricks day show! the first 500 customers will receive some cool FOT St. Patty's day murch! Cups, wristbands beads and more! 

Here's another chance to win FREE tickets! Comment with a picture of you with some of your best green gear! The best will be selected for 1 free ticket!, The 6 first winners have been selected! we will be drawing 6 more winners in the next few days! Keep commenting and sharing to enter to win some more FREE tickets!

Briana Nixon 
Jodi Perrache 
Patrice Blanks 
Randy Hale 
Harmony Hanlin 
Steve Schauer 

Congratulations everyone, please show your ID at the ticket window on the 12th and tell them you won tickets on facebook!, March is finally here!  Join us for an awesome St. Patrick's Day celebration --March 12-- doors open at 7:00 pm.  We have a few cool give-a-ways planned.  Post a comment and share this post for a chance to win FREE tickets.  6 individuals will be selected., We are gearing up for St. Patrick's Day.  Clear your calendar., null, null, null, Factory of Terror's escape room series, Escape Canton is open year around! Ideal for birthdays parties, team building activities, date night, or just a night out with your friends!, Escape Canton is open year-round! Escape the cold with our unique Escape Room Adventures, with 3 to choose from!, Sad day our hearts are with the Canton K9 group, null, Located here at FOT, Escape Canton offers a unique escape room experience!, Just because it's December doesn't mean our doors are closed, Escape Canton Is open all year around! 

Escape canton features 3 unique escape-room adventures with the forth on its way in January 2016!

For dates and hours check out: http://escapecanton.com/
Use promo code: "FBescap"e for 20% off tickets!, null, Hope everyone enjoyed Thanksgiving dinner as much as we did., null, Happy Friday the 13th!

Sign the Friday the 13th banner on your way through tonight, located next to the Scare Chair! 

For tickets use link below and use promo code "Monster" to save $7 on online tickets
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.6/3b4f6e/#/select, null, The screaming isn't done yet! 
Factory of terror is open one more time for this 2015 season!
This Friday only from 8-11! get your tickets now before its to late!
Use promo code "November" to save $7  https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.6/3b4f6e/#/select, The Factory of Terror is open this Friday the 13th.  Doors open at 8:00 and tickets sell until 11:00.  All ticketed customers will get into the show.  Click the book now button and save $5 with online purchase using promo code: "monster", We've updated our videos on our website! Click the link below to check out what's new, plus some behind the scenes content! Get pumped for this FRIDAY THE 13TH!, null, Great to see the staff from Jail of Terror tonight., Open tonight at 7:00., Its not to late! the Factory of Terror is open two more nights this 2015 season!
Use promo code below to save money on online tickets!
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.6/3b4f6e/#/select, I dare you to try and find me in the dark., There is only 3 more chances to see the BEST haunted house in Ohio. Don't be the only one who didn't get a chance to visit the Factory of Terror this 2015 season! 

Tickets Here! use promo code below to save some green!
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.6/3b4f6e/#/select, Haunters are welcomed to join us this weekend.  If your haunt pre-registers with us, admission will be only $15.  If your haunt is a member of Haunted Attraction Association, admission will be only $10., Click below to get the waiver for Friday night's glow stick event.  Attendees are required to complete the waiver prior to purchasing a ticket to the event.  Guest under 18, please have a parent sign the waiver on the witness/parent line., Get your scare on a few more nights this season.  Use promo code "monster" to save $5 when buying on-line.

https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.6/3b4f6e/?promo=monster, null, Only 3 more chances to visit us this season! Don't miss out!, The Factory is open this weekend.  Friday night is a glow stick night and Saturday is a full production show., We're honored to be included amongst these amazing haunts in the Top 31! Thank you to our dedicated FOT fans for voting! We love you guys!

Top 31 -> http://coaster-nation.com/top-31-haunted-attractions-2015

Coaster Nation #HauntedHouse #FOT, Factory of Terror opens tonight at 6:00.  Use online promo code "fb1031" to save $3 on tickets.

Best Deal: Sunday 4 pack -$72 for 4 tickets ($18 each), use promo code "fb1031".


https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.5/3b4f6e/?promo=fb1031, Happy Halloween. Feel welcomed to visit FOT in makeup and costume. Please no masks and hand held accessories (like fake knives and etc.), Its better then Christmas! or a Birthday!  
HALLOWEEN Night is here 
FOT is open! 8-12! 
Anyone and everyone is welcome to dress in their scariest attire, but we ask please no mask or handheld accessories

Use link below for with promo code for discounted tickets!
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.5/3b4f6e/?promo=fb1031, null, null, Box office is open until midnight.  The show will not close until everyone gets scared., Kick off your Halloween weekend right!
Factory of Terror is open!
Over a mile of indoor terror, stretching though out five unique attractions!
Costumes are welcomed but we as please no mask of handheld accessories! 

Use code here for $3 off!
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.5/3b4f6e/?promo=fb1031, I don't know what all the screaming is about.....Clowns just wanna have fun!, Open Tonight!
8-11
For online tickets click here!
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.5/3b4f6e/?promo=fb1031, null, Halloween weekend is right around the corner!
Factory of Terror is open Thursday through Sunday, save $3 on online tickets here! 
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.5/3b4f6e/?promo=fb1031
For more infomation go to fotohio.com, Thanks to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland for the work they've done with us this season. 

Check out this awesome video and article about us on their website!, null, null, The Factory of Terror is all indoor with indoor waiting.  Tickets stop selling at midnight but the show will continue until everyone with a ticket finishes the show., null, WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland has been a pleasure to work with this Halloween season. Check out these awesome pictures and the article about us on their website!, null, We we're nominated as a Top Haunted Attraction! Now it's up to YOU, our fans, to give us a vote!, Thank you to the The Repository / CantonRep.com for featuring us in their "Four must-visit area haunted houses article"!

We would like to make a correction concerning our price for parking. Our parking is always FREE. The $20 parking is for reserved parking ONLY., Ticket price to the glow stick night is $23 each., TOMORROW is this seasons first Glowstick Night! This special event is a complete blackout of the attraction where you have to find your way through with only a glow stick. Waiver must be signed prior to entry. You will be touched (but not harmed). Safety equipment available at the door. 18 and over. Can you handle the darkness?, null, null, Harry London Chocolates passing out special chocolate to all guest tonight., Tomorrow The Factory of Terror is donating a portion of it's proceeds to Wishes Can Happen. Come out and support a great cause., Happy Sweetest Day!! 

Harry London Chocolates will be on site tonight passing out FREE candy! Come to the Factory of Terror for a different kind of date night! Special admission tickets and goodies for everyone!, We're still giving out FREE wristbands all weekend! 6 colors to chose from! Come out tonight and get yours!, Check out The Factory of Terror's appearance on New Day Cleveland, where John Eslich, the owner, spent the morning on air talking about the Halloween experience., null, EXCLUSIVE behind the SCREAMS video! Anybody know which house she's from?, null, Make-up is in full swing! Shout out to our make-up crew for the fantastic job they do every night!, Good luck to all of the local football teams tonight. Happy Homecoming to many of you and don't forget to stop here when you're done. We're open until midnight!, Check out our ALL NEW wristbands! We're handing them out FREE all weekend! Come get yours tonight!!, null, null, Here's a chance to win 2 free tickets! Check it out!, Big thanks to the The Repository / CantonRep.com for coming out and hanging out with us last week!, null, null, null, null, null, Check out our all new red t-shirt., Join our mobile fan club to learn how you can get these for free., null, null, null, Tiny is in the house tonight., Come and see me., Hey College students ----be sure to grab some grub at Hide-A-Way Buffalo Grill this weekend --- 50% appetizer **this weekend only. The Hide-A-Way is located right next to the Factory of Terror., If you are successful in solving our escape rooms, you will receive a FREE appetizer at Quaker Steak and Lube Canton, OH  Canton and Mentor locations., null, Only a few openings to the all new escape rooms are available this weekend.  5 openings tonight at the 7:00 time slot.  Tomorrow: 6 openings for 6:00 and 2 openings for 8:00.

Book here: https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.5/b6142b/#/select, null, Our new FOT Camo t-shirts., null, College ID weekend -37% off at the door with your college ID., Get your friends together and come out this weekend for College ID weekend! $10 off admission at the ticket window with a valid college ID! 

Open Friday, Saturday, AND Sunday!, null, null, We're still open for a little while longer tonight. But, if you can't make it, join us next weekend for COLLEGE I.D. WEEKEND. $10 OFF Admission with a current & valid college I.D., null, Some pre-show makeup., Dont miss today only, re-entry to the Factory of Terror is only $10 with a valid hand stamp!!!

Twice the distance. Twice the scares. Twice the terror., Factory of Terror presents SUPER SATURDAY!!

Today only (9/26/15): Re-entry to the factory is only $10 with a valid hand-stamp. 

Double the show. Double the fun. Double the nightmares., Looking to save a buck?

Save on admission tonight by buying tickets online using promo code "FB09" for 15% off! 

Click the link below!, If you missed the opening weekend, we're waiting for you. Open tonight and tomorrow from 7pm to midnight., null, Some pre-show makeup., null, Tiny is in the house tonight! 7'-0, 640 pounds., Don' t let the rain scare you, FOT has all indoor waiting lines., null, 7:00 tonight the Factory will come alive., 2015 Season opens TONIGHT!! Come one, come all to the LARGEST haunted house in the world!

Tons of brand new surprises await you this season at FOT. We're back, bigger & better than ever!!, https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/1.3/3b4f6e/?promo=fb09, FREE wristbands tonight, null, Come see the largest & best haunt in the world, null, The 2015 season starts tomorrow. The World's Longest Indoor Haunted Attraction is ready to scare and entertain you. FOTOHIO!, The Factory of Terror is all set and waiting for you.  OPEN this Friday, 7:00., null, null, null, null, null, The Factory of Terror has all new "Escape Rooms" this year.  Visit/like Escape Canton for more information., We are gearing up for the all new escape rooms. They open this Tuesday at the Stark County Fair., Another great day for us. Scott & Chelsea met and worked together at the Factory. Congratulations, Congratulations to Brittany Gupton. She won the Factory of Terror raffle basket from first friday., Nemisis having some fun, Presenting a little money we raised to help Stark public Special Olympics, For just $1 you could win this ENTIRE basket! All money raised goes to the Stark Public Special Olympics! Come down to 4th and Court at Canton First Friday!!, We've got people down at Canton First Friday RIGHT NOW! Stop by 4th and Court and help raise funds for the Stark Public Special Olympics! We've got games,face painting and a bake sale happening. All donations go directly to SPSO and will be greatly appreciated!, Don't forget to stop by 4th and Court tomorrow August 7th for First Friday.The Factory of Terror is helping to raise funds for the Stark Public Special Olympics.we will have games,face painting and a bake sale happening,all donations will be greatly appreciated., Only a few actor spots left, so get those applications in., Training newbies today! Say hello to some new faces of FOT! #fotohio #factoryofterror #fotpics #canton, 50 days until we open ! Are you ready for an even longer journey through Ohios best haunt, Everyone share for me, The Factory of Terror will be holding open auditions THIS Saturday from 1pm - 6pm. Come in and give it a try! 

No experience required. Must be 18 or older. 

If you would like to apply beforehand, go to:
http://fotohio.com/employment/

For any questions or concerns, visit our contact page at:
http://fotohio.com/contact/, As the applications keep rolling in, we would like to point out a few important things we've noticed. 

It seems as if applicants with yahoo email accounts aren't always going through on our website. If you have a yahoo email account and you have already applied, we strongly suggest applying again with a different email address or emailing us directly. 

Also, the number of people who have applied that are 18 or older has skyrocketed! Thank you so much for all the shares and the likes! 

Keep a lookout for announcements about open auditions and casting calls throughout this month!, The Factory of Terror would like to thank everyone that stopped by and tried our games . We are helping Stark Public Special Olympics raise funds for there teams.also our crew did a great job all night., Great night tonight raising funds for Stark Public Special Olympics. Our crew did great, Tonight's the night! Come out and help us support Stark Public Special Olympics! See you on the corner of 4th and Court!, Come out and help us help this great foundation, We got a TON of applications already! THANK YOU so much! Keep applying!

We're also trying increase the number of applicants that are 18 and older. If you, or someone you know is 18 years or older, apply! We need more adults! Maybe grandma wants to give it a shot!

Thank you, as well, to everyone who has shared and liked this post. Keep them coming!, The Factory of Terror is proud to support Stark Public Special Olympics at First Friday in Downtown Canton. Enjoy the festivities and stop in to see us. Come play games and get your face painted FREE. We will be on the corner of 4th and Court. 

We will be taking donations for Stark Public Special Olympics, as well.

To learn more about The Stark Public Special Olympics, click the link below,

Thank you for supporting The Factory of Terror. Now you can help us give back. See you there!

Find event details and dates at CantonFirstFriday.com, Come give it a try, Do you think you have what it takes to work at the world’s LONGEST haunted house? We are taking applications for the 2015 season starting NOW! Tell your friends! Tell your family!

Apply for any of the following positions: 
Actor
Parking lot attendant 
Concessions 
Make-Up

Click on the link below to apply today and become part of something HUGE!

http://fotohio.com/employment/, Happy Fathers Day to all you dads out there, 10 all new rooms ready for this season and more to come, New lift delivered to the factory today. Now we start building even bigger, A sneak peek at one of the new scenes for this season . We have dozens of new scenes for this year . Cant wait for September, Having a little fun while we expand the haunt. Theres alot of new rooms and scenes going in, null, Come join the Zombie bowling league at Hall of Fame Lanes. Tuesdays at 630, Our St. Patrick's Day themed Friday The 13th event was so much fun! Our guest board is full!

Were you there? Tag your name!

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #StPattysDay, null, Behind-The-Scenes Tours are in progress! 

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse, Tonight (3.14.15) is our exclusive behind-the-scenes tour! Go on a lights-on tour of our attractions plus take a backstage tour of our actor preparation department and our makeup and costuming areas!

TICKETS ARE AVAILABLE online and at the door for the 3:00 time slot. If your a season pass holder you can attend the 3:00 time slot for admission to this event.

6:00pm is SOLD OUT!

Full Details at www.FOTohio.com/events, "I gots me two dawlins'!"

Tickets are available at our box office tonight until 11p!

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #scary, video: Feeling Lucky? OUR MONSTERS ARE WAITING FOR YOU TONIGHT! #FOT #FOT #FOT

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #StPattysDay #scary, We're having a blast! Get your FREE printed photos TONIGHT at Factory of Terror!

#RoccosIrishPub 
#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #StPattysDay, We're prepping O'Rocco's Pub for tonight's event! Grab your friends and put on some hats and props in our photo area! You'll even get a free printed photo!

FOT is open tonight March 13th, 8pm-11pm. 
Tickets are available at the door and online at www.FOTohio.com/events 

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #StPattysDay, Factory of Terror is open TONIGHT with an irish twist! Don't forget to sign our guest board while you're here!

Tickets at www.FOTohio.com/events 

#FOTohio #FridayThe13th #HauntedHouse #StPattysDay, Here are the St. Patrick's Day shirts.  Choice of fronts: large or small shamrock and the back is the same on both., Don't miss our special St. Patrick's Day event TONIGHT! First 200 guests will get free merch and everyone will get a free printed photo in our photo-op area!

Details -> FOTohio.com/events 

Photo by: Design By Aly, Here is a picture of the front, large shamrock version., Looking for the perfect St. Patrick's Day T-shirt?  We have it for you. Click the link below and enter promo code "green" for $3 off.  That's right, you can have this shirt for only $12.  The front has two options: a large shamrock or a small pocket logo shamrock. The Shamrock has the FOT gas mask logo inside...pretty awesome!  Stop by the box office tonight to pick up your shirt., WIN FREE PASSES!
Factory of Terror Haunted House is open Friday, March 13th and Saturday, March 14th for two special events!

We are giving some lucky fans a chance to win #FREE TICKETS to our Friday the 13th event! *each winner will be able to bring 1 guest*

TO ENTER, simply comment tagging the person you would bring with you to experience FOT and tell us why! We will randomly select a winner. Good Luck!

Factory of Terror is the current Guinness World Record Holder of the WORLD'S LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE!

Event Details ->  www.FOTohio.com/events

#FridayThe13th #Canton #FOTohio, Great press from Coaster Nation about our events this weekend!

http://coaster-nation.com/factory-of-terror-in-canton-opens-its-doors-for-two-st-patricks-day-events, Tickets are selling fast for our special St Patrick's Day events this weekend! 

GET YOURS NOW AT www.FOTohio.com/events

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #Canton, Zero convenience fees applied to online ticket purchases for this Friday the 13th., Only a few more days until we open the Factory doors for TWO exciting events!

Tickets for the Saturday VIP Behind-The-Scenes Tour are limited and selling FAST! Get yours online NOW before it's too late!

Details Here:
www.FOTohio.com/events, ONLY 1 WEEK AWAY from our big weekend of terror! Get your tickets NOW for Friday & Saturday's events before they sell out! www.fotohio.com/events

Tickets for the Saturday Behind-The-Scenes Tour are LIMITED and will sell out!

Details Here -> www.fotohio.com/events, Did you know we are on #twitter & #Instagram? Keep a close eye on those accounts for special announcements, promos, & deals!

www.instagram.com/fotohio

www.twitter.com/fotohio, IRISH TO BE SCARED! Do you?

We have continued the Friday the 13th trend by opening the factory doors for TWO DAYS of haunting in honor of St Patrick's Day!

First, FOT is on open Friday, March 13th for a full actor tour featuring new scenes and an Irish twist! We will also have onsite photo ops and free prints for guests to take home!

Then on Saturday, March 14th, FOT will be open for an exclusive behind-the-scenes VIP tour of the factory and back stage areas, Q&A sessions, free St. Patricks day themed photo ops, free prints, St Patrick's swag, snacks, demonstrations, and a LIGHTS ON tour of the haunted attractions! Due to time restraints, there are only a small number of slots available. Tickets for this rare lights-on VIP tour are available now but VERY LIMITED! You WON'T want to miss this!

The first 200 guests on Friday will receive some awesome St Patrick's Day items! On Saturday, VIP tour guests will receive a gift bag with exclusive items and a limited edition St Patrick's Day themed FOT shirt!

Get your tickets now at www.FOTohio.com

The Luck of the Irish Won't Save You Here!

#HauntedHouse #Canton #StPattysDay, null, null, Only 2 more weeks until Friday the 13th, We have have a huge announcement coming...
Think you know what it is? Leave us a comment... you might get lucky!

#FOTohio, Last night's special event at FOT was a blast! Check out the guest board!
Were you there? Tag your name

#FOTohio #Canton #ValentinesDay, Eat Your Heart Out!
There really is nothing like experiencing a Haunted Attraction on #FridayThe13th! 

You can purchase tickets until 11pm at our on-site box office!

#FOTohio #HauntedHouse #Canton 
www.FOTohio.com, Getting ready for a ton of fun at The Factory.  It's cold but we don't care., Only a few more hours until we let the zombies loose!

Join us for our special Friday The 13th event TONIGHT ONLY! 

Use promo code FB213 to save on tix
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e?z=1
 

#FridayThe13th #ValentinesDay #FOTohio, Eat your Heart Out! We are open tonight 8-11 for our special Friday The 13th event!

Use promo code FB213 to save on tix
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e?z=1
 

#FridayThe13th #ValentinesDay #FOTohio, null, Factory of Terror Haunted House is open Friday, Feb The 13th for ONE NIGHT ONLY!

We are giving 2 lucky fans a chance to win #FREE TICKETS to our special event! *each winner will be able to bring 1 guest*

TO ENTER, simply comment tagging the person you would bring along to experience FOT with and tell us why! We will randomly select a winner. Good Luck!

FOT Video: http://youtu.be/jQaUVaJq3yQ

Factory of Terror is the current Guinness World Record Holder of the WORLD'S LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE!

Save time and purchase tickets online at www.FOTohio.com

#FridayThe13th #Canton #FOTohio, Factory of Terror Haunted House is open for ONE NIGHT ONLY Friday, February 13th for a special event; Eat Your Heart Out!

Tickets are $25 at our on-site box office or $20 online + NO convenience fees using promo code: FB213

Tickets -> https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e?z=1

#HauntedHouse #FOTohio #FridayThe13th #Canton, Special event tickets just arrived.  We are almost ready for Friday the 13th fun.  "Be my haunted valentine"., Happy Birthday!  Remember, admission is always FREE to The Factory of Terror on your birthday.  Since this is a special event, we will extend the FREE admission to anyone who's birthday is on February 13th or 14th., Bring your Valentine (Even if you have to drag her) out for a night of fun at the Factory of Terror.  FOT is OPEN this February, Friday the 13th.  Tickets are $25 at the door and $20 if you buy online using promo code: fb213.

 https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e, ONLY 7 MORE DAYS UNTIL WE OPEN OUR DOORS ONCE AGAIN!

Come visit the horrific 3X world record winner for the world's longest haunted house as we open for a special Valentine weekend Friday the 13th event. 

Skip the cold and save yourself five dollars when you purchase your tickets online now using the special discount code 'FB213': https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e, Treat your honey to the best Valentines weekend ever. Visit the Factory on Friday the 13th to kick off the weekend. FOT special on-line discount code: FB213  Use this code when buying your ticket online and SAVE $5 and NO convenience fees.
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e, We are exactly two weeks away from our special Friday the 13th event so don't forget to mark your calendars!

Tickets are available online here:
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/b/3b4f6e?z=1

Until then, we have been hard at work to prepare the haunt. Can you guess which house this is in?, Come on out and bowl with Zombies, null, The seasons are changing and people are gearing up for Thanksgiving and Christmas to follow... Meanwhile all the creeps here at the Factory of Terror Haunted House are looking to find some warm bodies to scare. SO, we have teamed up with Hall Of Fame Lanes to bring you Zombie Bowling December 6th! 10pm-1am $20 per person. 330-477-7226
Come hang out with the Factory of Terror. Space is limited, so get your ticket today!
The Zombie Abides, While we here at Factory of Terror Haunted House are gearing up for Legendary Haunt Tour this weekend, we talked about an upcoming Friday the 13th. The first 13th is the day before Valentines Day. What if we opened the doors for that weekend?, Hey there Haunt Fanatic Creeps! Thank you from the bottoms of our hearts. This year has been record breaking in more than just reclaiming World's Longest Indoor Haunted Attraction.. This season was brought to fruition by YOU the customers. 
While we are closing our doors for the Season, we have Friday the 13th's and more fun events off season to keep interacting with you all. Details on Zombie Bowling to come soon. 
Until your screams fill our halls again,
Goodbye you amazing creeps, null, Tonight is the final night of the Season! We have enjoyed scaring you and mopping up the pee from the floors every night. Your screams and laughter charged these walls with an energy only fans like you could give. It is because of you, the fans, that we do this. So come out tonight and have a scream with us!, null, Hold still please., Getting some free pics at FOT., More sound checks. We are almost ready., Doing some sound checks for tonight., IT'S HALLOWEEN! The energy here is tangible, buzzing with excitement. Come experience the Factory of Terror Haunted House on this frightfully amazing night! The regular $26 admission ticket also gets you into our Monster Bash Haunt party with Big D Entertainment DJ'ing. Doors open at 7pm, and stop selling tickets at Midnight. We will be giving out prizes to the best costumes, 2015 Season Pass anyone?, Happy Halloween. We are getting set up for the Halloween party tonight at 7:00, Welcome Glenoak High School., These are our last 3 nights of the season. Come out and see what the screaming is all about, FYI: You get FREE admission to FOT on your birthday.  You must attend the day of your birthday to qualify.  Bring proof: drivers license or birth certificate., FOT opens tonight (Thursday) at 8:00. Use online promo code fb1030 to save $4 on online tickets and no service fees. Promo code only valid for online purchases., Our doors open tomorrow at 8pm-11pm! Come out and fill our walls with your screams. Friday will be a special event where your ticket purchase not only lets you go through our haunt...but gains entry to our Halloween Monster Bash in the Party room! No extra fees, just a thank you for being such a frightfully amazing group of fans!, null, null, Be sure to get you pic at our photo banner.  Check out the final prep., The Factory welcomes Enviroscapes., “The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown”  -  H. P. Lovecraft
Come out tonight to the Factory of Terror Haunted House and face your fears...We'll be waiting for you!, null, There is something about the screams and sobbing fits of our customers filling the haunt that just makes it feel cozy. Our aim is to scare you, but we want you to be comfortably warm long after your pee soaked pants go cold...so we have some new hoodies for sale!  $25 - pullover & $30 for zip-up., null, You know you want to., Check these babies out.  Just arrived 2 days ago and available this weekend., An amazing turnout last night for our Blackout tour...but the houses are alive again tonight! With only 2 weekends left, what better way to soil your pants? Open 7-12am tonight, $26!, In 2 more hours, we open our doors! 8-11pm - Glow Stick Night - NO Lights, NO Animations, NO Theatrical Effects. Waver Required. Can you survive almost a MILE of darkness in the worlds longest haunted house? Your glow stick your only salvation. We'll be here waiting in the darkness, where fear festers and grows., Tonight only 8:00 til 11:00 -Glow stick night-  NO lights, NO animations, NO theatrical effects.  Waiver required.  Print it below and bring with you.  18 and over please.  If under 18, parent or guardian must consent and sign waiver with you., Don't forget to come out tonight and test your wit! The Factory of Terror Haunted House is hosting its Blackout event! Can you trudge through almost an entire mile of darkness with a little glowstick as your only salvation? this is an 18+ event, full contact, must sign a waiver. Our creatures have been waiting for you.... Can you survive?, null, Don't forget to test your resolve tomorrow night at our Blackout event! Almost a mile of haunt to wind your way through with your only salvation of hope being the small glowstick in your hand. We also have new coffee mugs and stickers in to add to your Factory of Terror Haunted House collection!, null, This Thursday is our Blackout Tour! Can you survive almost an entire mile in the pitch black with just a glowstick as your salvation? We will waiting for you., "For when you gaze long into the abyss. The abyss gazes also into you.”- Friedrich Nietzsche. Beware of the Mirror Maze, lost souls are awaiting you., Tonight at the Factory of Terror Haunted House we are donating proceeds from every ticket sale to the Wishes Can Happen group. They are a great local based community granting wishes to children with life threatening illnesses. Every child deserves something to smile about, and they have been bringing smiles since 1982. Come out and scream for a good cause!, null, Tonight at the Factory of Terror, when you purchase something from the gift shop, you get a free appetizer coupon from Tilted Kilt! (While supplies last), Don't forget that the first 200 groups get a black rose in celebration of Sweetest Day, Marsinos Costumes has some great Halloween costumes and accessories. Makeup, kids costumes, props for trick or treat etc.Great prices, locally owned and operated.  Marsino's is the place to get your gear this season., It is Sweetest Day! Come out tonight with your guy or gal and let us scare you to closer together than you have ever been. The first 200 groups get a single black rose. Before you come get scared, stop by AutoSports Plus to get that zombie upgrade on your car! http://www.autosportplus.com/, I believe there are a few from 10-12-2014 in here as well, Tomorrow is Sweetest day! In celebration, the first 200 groups will receive a black rose. Come out and get real close with your own sweetheart (we're good at getting people to cling together), We open the doors at 7pm tonight! Don't be a big baby, we already have one of them waiting for you., The weekend is almost here, we've been impatiently waiting for you. Come see the world's longest indoor haunted house!, We open our doors today 6-9pm. The preacher will be waiting for you in the Asylum., Columbus Day Special: FREE drawstring bag to the 1st 100 customers., null, People are lined up and ready before we even open the doors. Are you going to hide under the covers all night, or come see what all the screaming is about? We'll be waiting for you., Pick up your own Factory of Terror Haunted House shirt on your next visit. We have more merchandise for your apparel collection as well., It's Saturday Night! Come out to the Factory of Terror Haunted House and get your scream on. Take a picture in the photo-op zone tonight holding your ticket and tag us on Instagram at fotohio or here on Facebook.  A winner from Instagram and Facebook will be picked at random and mailed a Survivor T-Shirt!, null, Where will you find these guys?, null, We just received the official certificate from Guinness.  The Factory of Terror is the Longest indoor haunted house in the World., The weekend is upon us, and that means The Factory of Terror Haunted House is opening its gates for business. Come experience where nightmares are born in the World's longest haunted house., To get the latest news, specials and discount information, sign up on our email list.  It's free and you can remove yourself at any time.  FOT does not share your email with anyone., Better think twice before entering this hallway of pipes., Be sure to stop by the Hide-A-Way Buffalo Grill for a good meal after visiting your favorite haunted house, The Factory of Terror.  The Hide-A-Way is located two doors down from FOT., FOT has some new women's boy-shorts for this season.  The guy in this pic seems a little confused.  They look great -get them before they are gone., null, Get a FREE wristband., null, null, Free discount coupons to Quaker Steak and Lube Canton, OH and Quaker Steak and Lube Mentor, OH all weekend.  No purchase necessary.  Stop by the box office during operating hours., Erica L. Hughes, we have your College ID.  Please message us so we can return it., null, Tonight is Bike Night at the Factory of Terror, Sponsored by Quaker Steak and Lube.  Ride your Motorcycle out to receive $5 off on admission!, We are stuck in a limbo currently as #annabelle is currently up in Cleveland after an appearance at Cinema Wasteland. Working hard to get the cursed doll down to the Factory of Terror., null, Sign up for our mobile text fan club.  We post exclusive specials and give-a-ways to mobile members.  To join, text "fot" to 545454.  You can remove yourself at any time., Free FOT Tattoos tonight. Check them out -ask for yours at the box office., null, Hello Boils and Ghouls,
This Sunday we have a special treat for you all here at the Factory of Terror! Your favorite haunted doll Annabelle from Warner Bros. Pictures film released tonight (Oct. 3rd) will be haunting our photo op area for you to get a chance to get a picture.  Be sure to see Annabelle playing in a theater near you.
http://youtu.be/5KUgCe12eoY, College ID Weekend! http://conta.cc/1vBR8k8, The Factory of Terror goes to school ! This weekend only receive $10 off admission with a valid college ID !, College ID weekend -$10 off admission all weekend with a valid college ID. This weekend only: 10/3, 10/4 & 10/5, null, FOT crew is pumped. Let's get it on. Last chance for September online pricing. Save $5 and eliminate the fees when using promo code "55tgw". Note: this code is set to expire at 8:00pm., If you received the text message earlier today, this is a pic of the drawstring backpack you get when reporting to the snack shack and showing the text., Pics of the wristbands being passed out for FREE tonight to the first 500 people. 1. "Zombie ate my homework" comes in two glow in the dark colors and 2. "Haunted Ohio" comes in four colors: silver, orange, blue and purple., FOT NO FEE Friday, September OnlineSpecial http://conta.cc/1vnMjdl, Tonight we will be passing out FREE wristbands to the first 500 people.  We have a bunch of colors and will post a pic later today., Introducing bitin' Bill. This video wasn't really intended to be posted but after you meet Bill, you will love it. At the time of the video, Bill didn't have all the necessary hookups done so we improvised in order to see him in action. Bill is talking to John Carmichael. If anyone can figure out who that is, they will get 2 FREE tickets., null, Thanks for visiting The Factory of Terror Haunted House on September 20, 2014., The Factory of Terror opens the 2014 season http://conta.cc/1mnnsWn, 2014 season has started !! Get your tickets for the worlds longest haunted attraction !, Trying to decide which FREE gift to give away tonight.  The drawstring bags are cool but having a water bottle is pretty handy too.  The final decision will be made at 3:30 and sent out via our mobile fan club.  You can sign up by texting "fot" to the number 545454.  These items will also be available at our concession stand., null, Check it out and don't lose this -promo code "55tgw" will discount the September ticket to $21.00 and remove ALL online service fees.  This code is set to expire Saturday at 1:00 pm, The Factory of Terror opens the 2014 season http://conta.cc/1qW5Ocd, Wanna see more of FOT ? Just follow us on Instagram !  instagram.com/fotohio, null, null, We would like to Apologize to the First Friday Staff, the City of Canton, and to the community. It was never our intent to ruin an event in Canton, this is our hometown too. We had some people getting overzealous and just plain out of control. Our General Manager has already met and dealt with several of these individuals. In all future First Friday events our people will only be inside our area while in makeup. I hope you accept my apologies and know we will strive to make this an enjoyable event for all. 
Thank You,
Scott Seifer 
General Manager of FOT, I heard today that Marsinos Costumes is opening the Halloween store this Tuesday, September 2!, null, null, null, 25 days till we open,& were finishing alot of suprises for you, Making sure the mud pits are good for the Zombie Mud Run, The Zombie Mud Run., https://m.facebook.com/TheZombieMudRun, Mud pit ready for water for this weekend's zombie mud run, Liam testing out the deep mud slots., Working on a mud pit for The Zombie Mud Run this Saturday., The Zombie Mud Run Canton is THIS SATURDAY Aug 23! Here's your opportunity to win a pair of registrations for you and a friend to run for #FREE!, Not sure what this is going to be but tearing out the floor and digging below the factory could be very interesting., null, The Factory of Terror is hosting The Zombie Mud Run on the 23rd of this month.  Think you can make it through?  The 5k race is challenging with all the hills, introduce obstacles and then Zombies....Awesome!, null, null, Follow us on twitter for exclusive deals and sneak peeks! @FOTohio, Behind-the-scenes: Scary things are happening! Details soon :), null, we are gearing up for another season here at the Factory and looking for a few more people.Think you have what it takes to scare at the largest haunt in the world.Apply today at fotohio.com, The Factory of Terror brings back the mud run August 23, The Factory of Terror would like to wish all of you a safe and happy Fourth of July.That being said bring on Halloween, Troll doing work on the hearse, Friday the 13th photos are uploaded! Grab and tag yours now., Thanks to all that visited us last night. The banner you all signed is awesome!, Attendees will get a photo to take home with them., "Haunters hangout" area is all set., TO ALL GUEST: Be sure to sign the official Friday the 13th banner tonight. The banner is located at the concession area. I'm signing now - first one!, Use promo code "moon" to save $4 when buying on-line., If you missed the 4:00 deadline, use promo code "moon" to get $4 off the on-line tickets., ATTN Haunters: We will have a "Haunters Hangout" area inside the Factory for you to mingle, talk shop, and just hang out.  If you are with a haunt, be sure to register on site at the box office.  You will receive a wrist band to allow you into the "Hangout" area.  You may visit the hangout area at the halfway point or after completing your journey through the Factory.  We will have FREE beverages and popcorn available.  You may stay for as long as you like., null, Get your tickets on-line before 4:00 today for the best deal.  On-line prices are set to increase after 4:00.

https://www.facebook.com/fotohio/app_201203599944197, Drive safely Nora Parsons, Team Zombillies Review, The Scare Factor Haunt Reviews and Asylum Haunted Scream Park. As always, we are going to have fun talking shop with all the haunters tonight.  The show is looking great.  You are going to love the new section -goodbye 3D!, Looking forward to seeing the ScareATorium gang tonight., The+Factory+of+Terror+open+this+Friday+the+13th! http://conta.cc/1jmiFgx, Our friends at Ghoul Mansion are hosting a class on "Painting and Applying Prosthetic Appliances".  RJ Haddy will be on site for the event.  Looks to be a great class.  Check it out be clicking below.

http://www.showclix.com/event/3850498, Rumor has it that a gang from ScareATorium Columbus, Ohio may be joining us for this special FULL MOON night.  Awesome!, All Haunted Attraction Association members receive a 50% discount on general admission tickets., Friday the 13th will be bringing with it some great fans and friends.  I hope to talk to as many as I can.  A special welcome to Enigma Haunt Owners -Billy and Karen Groeneveld from Boca Raton Florida., Just received the special tickets for Friday the 13th. Check them out:, Friday the 13th attendees will receive a FREE photo similar to the one below.  It will be customized for Friday the 13th.  The photo will be printed out while you are at the attraction., Only 3 days until the Friday the 13th.  Are you ready?, This Friday is the 13th . Be sure to come see the all new show. Open 7- midnight . Tickets on sale now., Banner signed by guests at The Factory of Terror during the Midwest Haunters Convention's Thursday night haunt tour., null, null, MHC, we are waiting on you., MHC participants -be sure to leave your mark on the banner., Burn test scheduled for 5:25. Here are pics of the rooms being set on fire., null, null, null, New grey shirts for 2014.  Available this Friday the 13th., New pink shirts for 2014. Available for Friday the 13th., null, Thursday, June 5, The Factory of Terror will open for a private bus tour.  The tour originates in Columbus, Ohio.  The haunt tour will visit the Akron Haunted School House and Laboratory, The Factory of Terror and Bloodview Haunted House.  Tickets and more information at:, Mary Warren got free tickets for friday 13th, John pittman found the Factory semi so they got free tickets to friday 13, The factory of terror hearse is somewhere on whipple in canton be the first to find it to score some tickets for friday the 13, Friday the 13th is only 2 weeks away. Are you ready?, Waiting for Halloween is killing me.  Thank goodness for June 13, 2014, I can finally have a little fun.  No school, full moon, and The Factory of Terror = Awesome!, Friday the 13th is next month.  Not only does June bring us a Friday the 13th but it is also is a FULL MOON!  Come visit the best haunt in Ohio.  Great deals when buying your ticket online., null, Transforming the entrance to our new House of Nightmares show., Had four people get new jobs in the last day,we are looking for a few more actors or know someone apply at fotohio.com or message us, 24 days till Friday 13th , youve got to see the new show, null, null, Friday the 13 th is aproaching rapidly, your gonna love our new freinds, Custom event ticket booth heading to the Factory of Terror. Historic plates and all. Wish us luck., null, We just hired a handful of people but still need a few more apply today at fotohio .com or message us here, Tickets are officially on sale now for Friday the 13th.  $20 on-line and $26 at the box office.  Check out the killer September ticket prices online., Tim supervising the initial layers of paint., Dear Factory fans our e mail has freaked out and we didn't receive several e mails . so if you applied over the last few weeks please do so again,sorry, New hallway almost done, 54 days till friday 13th are you ready to see the vast improvements in the Factory, Amos & troll making it big, All kinds of work happening for june opening, The Factoryis growing again,this means we will be hiring several people.If you think you've got what it takes to be part of our crew,please apply at fotohio.com, null, Caught Toby working, First hallway almost complete, Found alot going on for the upcoming season, Changes are happening all over the place, null, Pretty large animation, Some cool items at Transworld haunt show, Hmm what is Carl upto now, Were going big this year, Found some employees helping out, null, We are building like madman at FOT,making bigger and better scenes.We will be open a few weekends in June,so if you would like to be part of our acting crew apply at fotohio.com., Sure are nice, Truck load of new coffins, Big news from the Factory is coming soon. we have been designing , and preparing to let you in on the news., What are they building now, What would you think if we brought back all the TV serial killers, Door maze......gone., What a cool animatronic.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUKMUZ4tlJg#t=12, Interesting fact: FOT opened the season on Friday the 13th and closed the season on Friday the 13th., We are getting bored over here at FOT headquarters. What are some things you'd like to see new for the 2014 season?, Merry Christmas to everyone!, Photos taken on Friday the 13th -December 13, 2013., What an awesome night! Thanks to everyone that came out and braved the cold with us! Shout out to our actors that scared for 4 hours in the chilled factory! Happy Holidays everyone!, Friday the 13th banner is looking good., Having fun., Friday the 13th!! Open 7-12 tonight.   Support the Stark County Humane Society by bringing a product donation and save $5.00 on ticket purchase.  Look at our generous patrons!! Thanks to all the continued support., Still plenty of time to come visit us for FRIDAY THE 13th! We are open till midnight tonight! Come get your scare on for this special holiday horror event!, OPEN IN 45 minutes! Happy FRIDAY THE 13th! And MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL from the FACTORY OF TERROR! COME SEE US TONIGHT!, Tonight 7pm to Midnight! tickets $20 at the door!!! HAPPY FRIDAY THE 13TH!, We have the photo booth mostly figured out and if UPS gets the printer here tomorrow, everyone will be able to take a custom picture of their group home with them tomorrow.....FREE., Happy holidays -One last chance to visit the Factory Of Terror.  Bring in a donation for the Stark County Humane Society and get an additional $5 off., null, OPEN TOMORROW AT 7 PM, ONE NIGHT ONLY

Wanna save $5 on your ticket at the door tomorrow? Bring in one of the goods listed below for the Stark County Humane Society, null, New banner ready for signatures. Come on out Friday and make your mark., This Friday the 13th... We open our doors from 7 till Midnight. 

Get your tix for only $16 here!

https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/a/935ade?fb, Holiday feast is waiting on you., Just received a new package. Gotta get it opened for the 13th., Who is ready for FRIDAY THE 13th?!?!?, Banner signed by guest on Friday the 13th this past September. We will have one (double in size) to sign for this coming Friday the 13th., We are getting some heaters installed for this Friday the 13th.  Ticket prices are reduced by 20% for this special event (and 38% if you buy in advance online)!, null, null, GET YOUR $16 DOLLAR TIX HERE! 
https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/a/935ade?fb, Having some fun at the year end cast party., Still on the wall at Guiness Museum in Texas, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, That's a wrap on the 2013 season. But rumor is that we might open for one special night before the end if the year. Anyone know what day were talking about?, Just over an hour left in our 2013 season! Selling tickets till midnight! Come see the longest haunted house in the world!, null, null, null, Anyone know where this is?, null, null, null, null, Let's have some fun., We are selling tickets till midnight tonight! Thanks for the great season!, Is anyone interested in some finger lights? I have some and may give them away for FREE tonight if you ask me., null, FREE "Zombies ate my homework" wristband tonight -while supplies last.  We are out of the pink and green ones.  We have about 200 left -black and orange., High School Football Fans! Winners of today's game gets $10 off their ticket at the Factory Of Terror tonight! Losers you will still get 25% OFF! Must wear your school colors to get the discount., Tonight is the last night to come see our 2013 show! Open 7-12, Just one more night to come see the longest haunted house in the world! Open tomorrow night 7-Midnight! Special thanks to Team Zombillies Haunt Review, for coming and visiting us tonight! We are anxious to read the review. Check them out at http://reviews.thescarefactor.com, null, null, null, ONLY TWO MORE NIGHTS FOR FOT 2013! COME SEE THE LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD!, Zombie SSGM44 is catching a quick meal before tonight's fun. Be sure to come out tonight for some fun., All indoor waiting tonight! Open tonight 8-11pm! Get in free if today is your birthday!, Use promo code "rocco" to save $5 per ticket when buying on line.

https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/a/935ade, null, null, Happy Birthday!  Anyone with a birthday October 28 through November 2 gets an automatic 25% discount on your ticket.

If your birthday is on HALLOWEEN, your ticket is FREE!!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN, Feeling hungry today? Order a pie from Ermanno's Legendary Pizza!, null, Want to get out and see some awesome haunts before they close for the season?  Check out Forsaken Haunted House this weekend.  If you like zombies, you will love FORSAKEN's show.  3 attractions for 1 price., Just in: "Zombies ate my homework" wristbands.  We will be passing these out all weekend on a limited basis.  Be sure to ask for yours.  4 colors to choose from.  

What color do you like the best?, Thank you guys for thew awesome reviews this season. Only 3 more days to come visit THE LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD! See you on Halloween Scaredy- Cats, Only three more days left to come see FOT!, We are having a great Sunday, here at the Factory of Terror. Selling tickets till 9pm!, Sunday is a great day to visit the Factory of Terror. Discounts: Sunday 4 pack (on-line only) and $5 off web site coupon available., A big thank you goes out to all our patrons that have supported us this season so far! We strive every year to be one of the best haunted experiences in the world. None of it would be possible without the customers that come visit this dirty, smelly, factory of terror year after year! With that being said. 4 MORE DAYS TO COME GET THE SHIT SCARED OUT OF YOU AT THE LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD! We are open tomorrow 6-9, Halloween, and Fri. & Saturday next weekend. FOT HELL YEAH!, Speaks for itself..., Only two weekends left to come see OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE! Get in line by Midnight tonight to guarantee you get to experience it., null, null, We are open tonight from 7pm to Midnight! Come see the longest haunted house in the world!, Who will be our 60,000th fan? OPEN TONIGHT 7PM TO MIDNIGHT! Come see Ohio's Best Haunted House, The Largest Haunted Attraction in the World! THE FACTORY OF TERROR!!!, Watch This!, null, Selling tickets till midnight. COME SEE OHIOS BEST HAUNTED HOUSE., null, Some more awesome reaction shots., Yawnnnn... Is it Friday yet? 💀💀💀, Interested in having a company party hosted by the Factory of Terror? We offer event space, catering, and lights on tours for you company. Drop us a line for more info., Some of the great detailed scenes that you will see at our show., Sunday is a great day to visit haunted houses. Factory of Terror has a $5 off coupon available on our web site:

www.fotohio.com/specials, What an amazing night at the Factory of Terror.  Lots of victims, Lots of screams, Lots of chickens (not making it thru), and Lots of satisfied/entertained people.  Thanks for all of your support., Dress warm if you plan on coming to see us tonight! It's cold inside the factory. Selling tickets till Midnight., null, Going to be a busy night tonight at OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE! We open at 7pm and selling tickets till midnight! Come get here early to avoid the lines., 2 More hours to come get tickets! Come see OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE., The first person to purchase a pair of  FASTPASS tickets tonight will also receive 2 tickets to Forsaken Haunted House in Mentor, Ohio.


https://www.facebook.com/forsakenhaunt?fref=ts, Reminder:  Factory Of Terror tickets are on sale at nearly 20% off at Marsinos Costumes.  What a deal!  Grab up some Halloween supplies / costumes and save $$$:

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Marsinos-Costumes/105635366148990?fref=ts, I found this great pizza place:

https://www.facebook.com/ErmannosLegendaryPizza

Great choice if you get hungry after the show., Come experience Ohio's Best Haunted House!, That's a wrap for tonight! See ya'll tomorrow night 7-Midnight., FULL CONTACT, BLACKOUT, NO SOUND, NO LIGHTS, NO MERCY. OPEN IN 20 MINUTES, COME GET SOME. Open 8-11pm $23 FOT HELL YEAH., The first person to figure out where this banner is wins one free ticket., All indoor waiting tonight at the FULL CONTACT BLACKOUT. Tickets are $23 we are open 8-11pm tonight., null, Here is the WAIVER for the Glow Stick Event this Thursday night.  Please print and bring the waiver signed to the ticket window -this will get you in the door more quickly.  Ticket booth will sell tickets from 8:00 - 11:00.  As long as you get a ticket, you will get into the show.  Please remember, the event is full contact.  We will have a reduced number of zombies, no animations, no video effects, no theatrical effects and no mercy.  We will provide eye protection.  Please do not wear open toed shoes and shorts/skirts etc.

http://fotohio.com/images/FOT%20Glow%20Stick%20Waiver.pdf, The last FULL CONTACT BLACKOUT TOUR is tomorrow night 8-11pm. The most intense experience we offer!, Are you brave enough for the FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK Tour? Tickets are $23 Stay away from this one WIMPS!, FULL CONTACT BLACKOUT TOUR, Thursday 8-11pm. Come get some!, Who's coming to see OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE this weekend?, null, Sunday 4-pack is the best deal FOT has: 4 tickets for $75 (18.75 ea).  Available online only., Come see Ohio's Best Haunted House tonight!, We are selling tickets till midnight tonight! Come see OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE!, Let's get this started., Get $5 OFF YOUR TIX for this weekend here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs, Huge selection of mask, supplies and Halloween props at Marsino Halloween Headquarters located next to Toys R Us in Belden Village., Only a few more weeks left to come experience Ohio's Best Haunted House!, Thats a wrap for tonight! in other news, who is going to be our 50,000th fan?, SELLING TICKETS TO MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! COME SEE OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE!, Batman fans, Marsinos Costumes has your batman costume.  Check it out.

While you are there, you can pick up your Factory Of Terror tickets at nearly a 20% discount., Get $5 OFF YOUR TIX for this weekend here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs, Get $5 OFF YOUR TIX for this weekend here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs
Open TOMORROW NIGHT 7-MIDNIGHT!, Get $5 OFF YOUR TIX for this weekend here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs
IS IT SCARY, THESE GIRLS THINK SO!, Get $5 OFF YOUR TIX for this weekend here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs, Grab your cool Halloween gear from Marsino Halloween Headquarters located in Belden Village next to Toys R Us., null, Family 4 pack only $75 -online purchase only. This ticket is valid on Sunday only. Reduces price to $18.75 per ticket!, Amber Marie Mazza, we found your drivers license., Ticket Sales is closed for tonight. SEE YOU 6-9pm. Still a lot of victims in the haunt finishing up. What did you guys think tonight?!?!, The place is ROCKING tonight! We are selling tickets until Midnight Tonight! WE ARE AN ALL INDOOR HAUNT AND HAVE ALL INDOOR QUE LINES!, null, null, Marsinos Costumes is selling FOT tickets for only $21 right now.  Marsinos is located next to Toys R Us in Belden Village.  Grab some Halloween gear before heading out to Factory Of Terror., null, null, College ID weekend! Get $10 off your ticket by showing your id at the ticket booth tonight., Reaction photos from this past Saturday night., Selling tickets for one more hour!, null, Watch this video to get $5 OFF your tickets, or bring your college id in tonight to get $10 OFF!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs, Watch this video FOR $5 OFF TIX
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs
OPEN TONIGHT AT 7PM!, WATCH THIS VIDEO FOR $5 OFF TICKETS!!!

Who's ready for Factory Of Terror 2013? 

Like, Share, and Comment on our new trailer video!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vERsOnlFXs, The FACTORY OF TERROR 2013 Trailer Video is coming within the hour stay tuned!, Open Friday, Saturday, and Sunday this weekend now until Halloween! It's officially October, time to come get your ass scared at THE FACTORY OF TERROR!, Check out this review of Factory Of Terror from Spirit Light Films! Check them out to find reviews of other haunts in your area.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iygXbRojc-Q, null, AWESOME REVIEW From Manuel Halkias

"I had a wonderful time tonight..Great job by your actors....One of the best things about beating cancer is getting to visit the FOT..I will be back again soon, a few of those monsters and I have some scores to settle. Bravo! You all rock!", The last few victims are finishing up. Excellent weekend! OPEN FRIDAY, SATURDAY, & SUNDAY next weekend!, null, Hey take your ticket stub and get free admission tonight at Hype ultra dance clubs foam party., Just a reminder:  You must use the promo code "hideaway" to get the online discount -$5 off for General Admission and $10 off Fastpass admission., Factory Of Terror FREE SCARE CHAIR WINNERS: Marley P. Oles, Taylor Grafton, Kristin Forcier, Jerry Driggers, Anna Clynes, and Brooke Simms, Factory Of Terror FREE TICKET WINNERS: Lisa Eder Corns, Kirby E. Moore, Abby Krueger, Jaye Mills, Melissa Johnson, Kile Fisher, Abbey Dial, Vinnie Yacono, Jessica Chapman, and Amy Scheiber., If you don't win the FREE tickets, use promo code "hideaway" to save $5 on General Admission and $10 on Fastpass Admission -online purchase only.

https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/a/935ade, Mobile text fans -this is your REPLY box.

The  Factory Of Terror will be sending instructions on how to win FREE tickets for tonight only and FREE rides on the all new scare chair.

10 FREE admission tickets will be given away.
06 FREE scare chair experiences will be given away.

Winners will be selected at random and multiple entries will reduce your chances of winning.

If you currently do not belong to the mobile text club, sign up by texting "fot" to 545454., The 2013 cast of Ohio's Best Haunted House, the Factory Of Terror., null, null, Open Until Midnight Tonight!, The Hide-A-Way Buffalo Grill is a great place to eat before (or after) visiting FOT.  Parents, feel free to have an appetizer or two while waiting on your group to finish., We have Aja Ewing's (From Salem) driver license at the Factory Of Terror. Someone must have scared it out of your pocket.  Contact us so you can get it back., Open Tonight and Tomorrow night 7-Midnight., Marsinos Costumes has been authorized to sell Factory Of Terror general admission tickets for $21.  Marsino's is located in Belden Village next to Toys R Us.  Grab some cool Halloween attire and your FOT tickets at an awesome price., WHO'S READY FOR FOT?, TONIGHT 7-MIDNIGHT Come see OHIOS Best Haunted House., Awesome job FORSAKEN HAUNTED HOUSE! If you guys are in the Mentor area and want to check out an awesome haunt make sure you got to FORSAKEN! The set designs, makeup, and actors are too notch!, FOT CREW ready to go check out FORSAKEN HAUNTED HOUSE TONIGHT! Come visit OHIOS BEST HAUNTED HOUSE, FACTORY OF TERROR. Open tomorrow night 7- Midnight!, Tickets are only $20 if you buy them online.  Prices go up starting October.

https://secure.interactiveticketing.com/a/935ade, null, The trailer video for FOT 2013 is coming soon, who is ready for it? SEE YOU FRIDAY AT 7PM!, Listen to MIX 94.1 to win free tickets to the Factory Of Terror!, Who's coming to visit us this weekend? Make sure you print off the $3 coupon from our page!, null, null, Last group for the night is almost done for the night! We are open next weekend FRIDAY 7-Midnight and SATURDAY 7-Midnight!, Lots of screams coming from inside the Factory Of Terror, still selling tickets for one more hour!, Dad and Brooklynn having a little fun., OPEN RIGHT NOW TICKETS $23 WITH THE PRINTABLE COUPON ON FACEBOOK! COME OUT AND SEE OHIOS BEST HAUNTED ATTRACTION!, Installing some new eye candy for our guest! OPEN TONIGHT 7-Midnight!, Open tonight 7-Midnight! Don't worry about the rain, ALL INDOOR WAITING!, null, I'm ready to turn the show lighting back on and fire up the animations, video effects, and music.  The show will be rocking tonight., Thats a wrap on the first FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK TOUR for 2013! Open tomorrow night 7-Midnight for our live show!, Full Contact Blackout Tour Tonight! 8-11pm 
Everyone must sign this waiver before entry! 
If you are under 18 feel free to print this out and have your parent /legal guardian sign it and bring it with you., Here's a photo from one of last years PITCH BLACK, FULL CONTACT TOURS! Who's ready to face our most terrifying actors, at one of the longest haunted houses in the world, all in complete darkness? Doors open at 8pm, selling tickets till 11pm, $20 online, $23 at the door., null, FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK TOUR TOMORROW NIGHT!
8-11PM Tickets are $20 Online. You will be required to sign a waiver, to gain entry. This is an intense event and not for everyone., Do you guys like this tee?, Check out this teaser for new music from Phuture Doom. This Black Metal/ Dubstep infusion is the perfect sound for our haunt. We will be jamming some of this for you guys waiting in line this year., Who's ready for the FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK TOUR FRIDAY NIGHT? Tickets are only $20 online!, null, null, You might see some of these posters hanging around town soon., We reopen next Friday for a FULL CONTACT BLACKOUT TOUR, From 8-11
Also open Saturday from 7-11
Regular show., You can say our actors hyped up about a fantastic opening night!, Those who rode the scare chair, what'd you think?, A group meeting Nemisis, Open right now till midnight. Come celebrate Friday the 13th!, Make sure everyone signs our Friday the 13th banner tonight as your waiting in line!, FREE gift offer for mobile fan club members. Information will be sent out via mobile text.

To join our mobile fan club, text "fot" to 545454, First 500 tickets sold tonight come with a $5 off coupon good for Forsaken Haunted House and Factory of Terror., Get your tix online for $16, In 12 hours we open our doors for another great season.Whos ready, boo!, ON͡E͟ ͠DA̴Y ̧L͜EF͏T
̕
A̵RE͟ ̧Y͏ÓU ͢R͘EA͝DY̷, w͢h̢o̶s rea̧dy̨ ͝f͘or ͝f̨r͠i҉d̷ay ͢ţhe 1҉3̕th͝?҉
͠, Photos from this past Saturdays ZOMBIE MUD RUN, brought to you by Factory Of Terror and Forsaken Haunted House and The Zombie Mud Run, Mobile Fan Club WINNERS: Sarah Pruett, Christi Nutt, Corey WItherspoon, Paul Phipps, Hannah Mallory Jim Gooding, Lori Taris, Ashley Sabo, Alaina Shreve and Stephanie Gross. Your names will be on a list at the ticket booth. Just bring your ID and you're in, that's it. FOT RULES and you're gonna love all the new stuff., Mobile fan club....this is your REPLY box.  10 FREE tickets are being passed out shortly.

If your not a part of our mobile text fan club, text "fot" to 545454, ATTENTION DISCOUNT LOVERS: Marsinos Costumes has $13 off coupons to The Factory of Terror for this Friday the 13th!!  Can't make is on the 13th, the coupon can be used for $6 off anytime in September.  Get to Marsino's (attached to Toys R Us in Belden Village) to grab one of these up -only 400 printed...get there., #AwesomeFamilyPhoto 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, null, null, What a hell of a day! The zombie mud run was a huge success. See you Friday for opening night at FOT., Photos from The Zombie Mud Run this past Saturday. Brought to you by Factory Of Terror and Forsaken Haunted House!, The Zombie Mud Run happening right now!  Canton Ohio  -come on out!, @thezombiemudrun registration starts at 7am can you handle it?, The Zombie Mud Run infects East Canton, OH tomorrow... Onsite registration will be available. You won't want to miss this!! www.thezombiemudrun.com, Hey Ohio, here is a sneak peak for tomorrow. Onsite registration will be available. We are waiting... www.thezombiemudrun.com #makingmud #mudrun #thezombiemudrun, This aint no walk (run) in the park. Onsite registration will be available. See you tomorrow, Ohio! www.thezombiemudrun.com, Hey Ohio wait until you come across this obstacle!  Onsite registration will be available. See you tomorrow! www.thezombiemudrun.com, Making the final mud pit for the Zombie Mud Run, ATTENTION PROCRASTINATORS: Only 3 more days to register for The Zombie Mud Run in East Canton, OH hosted by Factory of Terror !!! Don't wait any longer... register now at www.thezombiemudrun.com., The Zombie Mud Run - East Canton, Ohio http://conta.cc/17D56o6, COUNTDOWN: Only 4 more days until The Zombie Mud Run in East Canton, OH hosted by Factory of Terror. Don't miss out on the fun!! Register at www.thezombiemudrun.com., Now when I see rain, all I can think about is mud.  It is pouring here in canton, Ohio. Makes good mud for this Saturday's mud run., They're cominggggg!!!!, Friday the 13th banner from last year.  Come out this Friday the 13th (9-13-13) and leave your mark., I found two people practicing on the zombie mud run course., Building the zombie mud run course are you up to the challenge, The Factory of Terror brings you the Zombie Mud Run on Sept 7th.Then Friday Sept 13th is our opening night whos ready to see all we've done this off season?, Mural in progress., Working on a new mural., Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. Register online at www.thezombiemudrun.com #mudrun #zombies, Working on the final obstacle at the zombie mud run in Canton, Ohio., More mud run, Making the zombie mud run course, Make up momma at the zombie beach party, Flag placement fail.. #mudrun 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, New Facebook Fan Coupon for 2013! Access this anytime by clicking the "Printable Coupon" tab underneath our cover photo., The Zombie Mud Run - East Canton, Ohio http://conta.cc/1eYzFad, Who's ready for FOT? Come see all the new terror we have crammed into OHIO'S BEST HAUNTED HOUSE for the 2013 season!, null, The factory of terror has an opening for an airbrush make up artist,apply online at fotohio.com, Just made it up death hill at the zombie mud run, Make a Caption... GO!! 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Save $$ with our Promo Codes: Individuals-"BLOOD" and 
Teams-"TEAM" Students and Military only $55.00 for a limited time!

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Save $$ with our Promo Codes: Individuals-"BLOOD" and 
Teams-"TEAM" Students and Military only $55.00 for a limited time!

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, WARNING: Don't taunt the zombies... 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Who's ready for FOT 2013?, Here is another angle., The jeep tried but got swallowed up by what we are now calling "Dozer pit" because it took a bulldozer to pull it out., Not your average Ladies Day Out! 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Check out "Death Hill".  It's tougher than it looks., Zombie mud Run course designer jumps for dryer land., Working on the Zombie Mud Run course. This mud hole stopped us in our tracks., Which is your motivator... beer or medal? 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, In the mood for some local music? Check out this video from One Hit Kill filmed on location at FOT!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75loa-2WZUc, "Believe you can and you're halfway there."
-Theodore Roosevelt 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Safety in numbers- make a team today! 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, #zombieprobz

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, The line to become a zombie is never ending, Zombies taking over downtown, Make a Caption... GO!!! 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, They are lining up to become zombies at first fridays, null, Just because you don't see the zombies doesn't mean they aren't there. 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, In honor of the Royal Baby. 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, We have a few more openings for actors apply today fotohio.com, null, "Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm."
-Ralph Waldo Emerson

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Check out this video of people having a great time at The Zombie Mud Run!
Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Check out this video of people having a great time at The Zombie Mud Run!
Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Training starts for all our new actors Wed the 17th.Cant wait to get them in the haunt and learning their way around one of the largest haunts in the world.We do this early in the year so they're ready for all you fans., Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Just set up training of all the newbs and called another 15 people to interview.Cant wait to get them in the haunt, Have a SUPER 4th of July from The Zombie Mud Run! 

Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.
This guy means business... What's your caption? www.thezombiemudrun.com, Dont forget all of you that applied today is interview day., Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.They survived The Zombie Mud Run... WILL YOU? www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.
Supermodel Zombies. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.
Is this The Zombie Mud Run or The Zombie Mud Wrestling Match? www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.
Talk about a bad hair day...What's your caption? thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.
Friends don't let friends do The Zombie Mud Run alone... Register today for one of our 5 upcoming runs throughout PA, NJ, and OH. www.thezombiemudrun.com, We are doing our actor interviews Saturday June 29that 12 o'clock and 2 o'clock.The noon schedule is full there's a few spots left at 2,so get those apps in, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th.
ZOMBIES:6 HUMANS:0 
www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, We just called 40 potential new actors for interviews,hope they are ready for the Factory, We received a lot of applications this week going to start calling people tomorrow.Hope to see you at auditions on June 29th., Guess its time to introduce the Flatliner, The Factory of Terror will begin hiring its new crew of amazing actors this month.Think you have what it takes to work with us apply at fotohio.com, Just finished the powerplant in the new Factory ride, A sneak peak of our new vehicle, null, Watch out for gifts from friends who invite you to The Zombie Mud Run. Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Awesome 8 Bit Zombie Tee!, "Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward."
 - Victor Kiam 
Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, Factory of Terror will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, The Zombie Mud Run - East Canton, Ohio http://conta.cc/14n5kyp, Happy Mudder's Day from Factory of Terror and The Zombie Mud Run! Factory of Terror is hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. www.thezombiemudrun.com, The Zombie Mud Run- This ain't no walk (or run) in the park!!
Factory Of Terror is hosting TZMR on Sept. 7th www.thezombiemudrun.com, Prove them wrong and register at www.thezombiemudrun.com., null, null, Here we grow again, Guess what we’re up to… Who’s in?, Factory of Terror and Forsaken will be hosting The Zombie Mud Run on September 7th. Which one of their Zombie tricked out Hyundai vehicles do you like best- The De-Animator or The Reaper? www.thezombiemudrun.com, Keep an eye out for our Zombie Mud Run Hummer!
If you see it, ask the driver for a secret promo code for an upcoming race., What is motivating you to do The Zombie Mud Run in East Canton, OH on September 7th?
a. A great way to exercise.
b. You love anything that has to do with zombies.
c. To make more friends.
d. The free beer at the human salvation party.
e. All of the above., Hey gang, check it out- The Factory of Terror is bringing  The Zombie Mud Run to Canton, Ohio on September 7th .  If you like The Factory of Terror, you are going to LOVE the adrenalin rush of The Zombie Mud Run!  It's like a haunted house on steroids!  Share with your friends and sign up at www.thezombiemudrun.com, Season 4 Walking Dead Spoilers!, We've been very busy upgrading our place.So busy that we haven't had time to scare.Who wants a pitch black event, shhhhhhh!!!!, null, Demo work has started,what could we be building now, Coming back with a lot of gore!, null, null, null, null, Great day checking out all the sweet new props at Transworld.Almost time to do it again, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Making Monsters tv show crew., null, null, It's packed in here! So many cool products!, Scary strong., Just about done with the first full day at Transworld. We are limited to what they are letting us film here so we are going to delay the vlogs until we capture something good to share. Learned alot at the speed seminars today, and seen alot of old friends!, True story! We will see all you fellow Haunters in St. Louis tomorrow!, A few of us from FOT are leaving for the Transworld Haunted Attraction show in St. Louis Tuesday. We are going to be vlogging the whole trip so you guys can come check it out with us. LOTS OF BEHIND THE SCENES VIDEOS COMING SOON!, Remember this guy beleive i saw him last night, Happy Valentine's Day!, What are you eating tonight? Here's what's on the menu for our zombie friends!, Although Halloween and Haunted Houses might be the last thing on your mind right now, the core builders are hard at work designing and building new things to scare our guest with this season. We not only want new people to come see our show, but we want you to come back every year to see what's new., Working on an idea that is going to blow your guy's minds this coming season., Spotted outside FOT this afternoon., For sure., Paranormal activity 5, null, null, FOT proudly jams with DSN HITS, null, null, What do you think about a Feb pitch black event, 2012 was an amazing year for FOT! We had a great season and very satisfied customers! Be safe tonight, and brace yourself for the 2013 Halloween season. We will be back bigger, badder, and more terrifying than ever! Happy New Year to all our frightastic fans! CHEERS!, Merry Christmas to all our fans! Less than 300 days till we see you again!, Happy Doomsday to all our fans!, ????, Happy Thanksgiving to all our fans from everyone at FOT, Dang, what the heck are we going to do this weekend?, And thats a wrap on a kick ass season! Thanks to everyone that came and seen our show this year. We open again in 321 days. Scare you later!, null, FINAL night TONIGHT -Saturday 11-3-2012. Gates open at 7:00 pm. Promo code "Quaker" for $5 off tickets. Family 4-pack group ticket is valid tonight., null, FInal night tonight 7-10pm come get scared!, Thats a wrap on tonight! Only one more night left in the season. Come get scared on our final night tomorrow 7-10pm!, 2 MORE NIGHTS OF TERROR, THE SCREAMS ARENT OVER YET! OPEN TONIGHT 7-12 AND TOMORROW 7-10PM WE ARE RUNNING TONS OF SPECIALS AND OFFERS ON OUR ONLINE TICKETING RIGHT NOW. MAKE SURE TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THEM., Factory of Terror open Tonight, null, Factory Of Terror is OPEN November 2nd and November 3rd. , Family 4-pack valid on November 2nd and 3rd.  Buy online.  Pay for 3 tickets and get 4!  GREAT DEAL., null, null, null, Halloween season is not over yet.  Check out Forsaken Haunted House this weekend., HAPPY HALLOWEEN! Finals nights of the season this Friday and Saturday!, Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open this weekend! http://conta.cc/VCi5iv, Final weekend this Friday and Saturday at The Factory of Terror and Forsaken Haunted House in Mentor., null, null, We are delaying the contest start to 6pm!

Also you must be 18 or older to enter, an addition to the season pass and the freebies you will get to come through the show next Saturday, get a V.I.P. behind the scenes tour and get to hang out afterwards for our actors banquet.

If your interested in competing tonight, comment and we will contact you asap.

Want to win a season pass for next year, a fot teeshirt, a hat an other cool freebies? Enter the PREDATOR CHALLENGE! Last person standing with a hand on our predator prop will win! Starting at 6pm today. Tell us why you want to enter in the comments. We will pick 8 contestants and notify you via a pm., Visitor from Florida. Thanks for coming and the pic with a few of the FOT crew., OPEN IN 30 MINUTES! COME SEE THE SHOW THAT EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT! OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT, ALL INDOOR WAITING!, Check out the Fox 8 story about The Factory of Terror and Forsaken Haunted House., null, Want to win a season pass for next year, a fot teeshirt, a hat an other cool freebies? Enter the PREDATOR CHALLENGE! Last person standing with a hand on our predator prop will win! Starting at 5pm tomorrow. Tell us why you want to enter in the comments. We will pick 8 contestants and notify you via a pm., null, tonight 7-12 boo!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brS8F3kkHnQ, Time is running out to come and see the best haunted house in Ohio!


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brS8F3kkHnQ, null, null, null, null, Lindsay showing FOT some love., Who wants some? Open tonight 7-10pm Come see us tonight before we have the huge lines Friday and Saturday!, Here is the waiver for the blackout tonight! GET READY KIDDIES THIS IS THE MOST INTENSE NIGHT WE OFFER. WHO'S READY FOR FULL CONTACT?, TONIGHT 8-11 FULL CONTACT BLACKOUT! $20 CAN YOU HANDLE IT?, Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open this weekend! http://conta.cc/RVv7a9, TONIGHT! FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK TOUR! Can you handle it?, 2 More weekends left. We open back up Wednesday night for the full contact Blackout tour!, Open tonight 6-9pm Who's ready to get scared?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We are open and rocking right now! Come see Ohio's BIGGEST AND BADDEST HAUNTED HOUSE!, FREE "I Love Zombies" T-Shirt.  Buy a VIP ticket on line and get a Free t-shirt.  Limited quantity. Must arrive at FOT before 9:00. Zombies are cool and FOT rocks., Theres nothing more romantic than sharing a night of terror with each other. Celebrate Sweetest Day at the Factory of Terror tonight 7-12!, null, null, null, null, null, Having fun waiting in line., Ready to experience Dead on, Don't forget to keep your ticket stub for some great deals., null, Bringing this girl to life. Come check it out., null, Worried about the rain all weekend? We have all indoor waiting so you can stay nice and dry., Open in 20, come get some, at OHIO'S BIGGEST AND BADDEST HAUNTED HOUSE! Selling tix till midnight! Screaming is only the BEGINNING!, Time is running out to come and get scared at Ohio's Best Haunted House!, null, Get ready, tonight 7-12 OHIOS BIGGEST AND BADDEST HAUNTED HOUSE IS OPEN!, New amazingly detailed scenes for this years show! Open tonight 7-10, Open tonight 7-10 AVOID THE HUGE LINES THAT WILL BE HERE THIS FRIDAY AND SATURDAY!, null, This is the waiver for tonights PITCH BLACK FULL CONTACT TOUR! We open at 8 and will scare till 11. Feel free to print out this waiver and bring it with you, we will also have them at the door. Ticket booth will be open so you can get your tix at the door. You can attend if your under 18 but only with parental cosign on the waiver. This is the most intense event we offer, only serious fright seekers need apply., FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK $20 WHO'S READY FOR THIS INSANITY TONIGHT? 8-11PM CAN YOU HANDLE IT!, null, This is the waiver that must be signed prior to entry to the FULL CONTACT PITCH BLACK TOUR tonight! Feel free to print this out and have it ready when you get to the haunt tonight!, TONIGHT $20 THIS IS ONLY FOR THE ONES WHO CAN HANDLE IT! THIS IS THE MOST EXTREME NIGHT WE OFFER!, Pitch Black Tour. Tonight. 8-11. Full Contact. $20 Can you find your way out of the worlds longest haunted house with just a glowstick?, Want to find out what its like to shoot real zombies that are coming at you trying to eat your brains? Play "DEAD ON" Only at FOT!, Want to find out what its like to shoot real zombies that are coming at you trying to eat your brains? Play "DEAD ON" Only at FOT!, null, We are Open Wednesday (Blackout Tour) 8-11 Thursday 7-10 Friday & Saturday 7-12 and Sunday 6-9. Wanna see the show but skip the lines? Thursday and Sunday is the best time to come!, null, null, Pitch Black Tour Wednesday 8-11pm 100% FULL CONTACT 100% DARKNESS. Can you handle it? (Waivers must be signed prior to entry), Wells Township Haunted House Hope you guys had a good night at FOT!!!!, Some pics from the Enviroscapes Company Party., null, Great Haunted House weather today! Come get scared! Open 6-9pm Tonight. ALL INDOOR WAITING!!!, Epocalypse Gear, null, We are going to have some fun tonight., null, null, Yutz and jeremy tag teaming  customers, We are ROCKING TONIGHT! Still some time to get in line and get your tix!, null, Full house, Worried about the rain tonight? Once you get your ticket we have all indoor waiting! Stay dry tonight and get the hell scared out of you at FOT, Ohio's biggest and baddest haunted attraction!, Jungle Bob will be at The Factory with live snakes and spiders., BIG NIGHT TONIGHT! Doors open at 7 Get here early to avoid the lines tonight! WHO'S READY FOR FOT! HELL YEAH!!!, Another amazing night! Very satisfied customers, echoes of screams can still be heard throughout the dark hallways! Lets do it again tonight 7-12!, Let's shoot some Zombies., null, Our new door lady, Hey FOT fans.  Save your Factory of Terror ticket stub and use for deals at Marsinos Costumes, Chili's Grill & Bar, Hide-A-Way Tavern, Hype Ultra Dance Club and Primo's Downtown., Some of the crowd, Dead on crew, Great start to the night! We are open till midnight tonight! Come see us after the football game!, Wanna score some free pictures tonight when you come visit? Look for our camera lady in the snack bar area. She takes pics all night and gives you a card with a code, that you can use to find your pics online when you get home!, Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open this weekend! http://conta.cc/RnVFn7, First groups of the night lets go FOT, null, null, COME GET SOME!!! OPEN TONIGHT 7-12

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNRmF4bnlI, Its amazing watching the process of this haunted attraction come alive after 5 days of hibernation. Air, Sound, Electricity, Lights, Fog! Everything slowly awakes and its sole purpose is to scare the living hell out of you! OPEN TONIGHT 7-12 GET HERE EARLY TO AVOID THE HUGE LINES, T.G.I.F!!! OPEN TONIGHT 7-12 ARE YOU READY?, The ZOMBIE VIRUS IS SPREADING!!!

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/10/10/subway-biting-attack-china-fight-over-seat_n_1955715.html, Tomorrow Night, were back at it again!!! WHO"S READY FOR FOT?, Open all weekend Friday and Saturday 7-12 Sunday 6-9
Who's ready for a hell of a good time? WE ARE WAITING!, Special shout out to Corey Hoch and his three friends that drove all the from Wisconsin Saturday night to come see our show. Here is his review!

"Factory of Terror haunted house in canton ohio was hands down the best haunted house ever well worth ten hour drive. Thanks fot for the great show.", Great day to get your Halloween costume. Take FOT ticket stub to Marsino's Halloween headquarters and get 15% off purchase., null, A higlight of what one of the best makeup crews in the industry does!, Open Tonight! 6-9pm!
COME GET SCARED!!!, Reviews from tonight! You decide!!! 

Brandi Martin Omg awesome as hell I will recommend to everyone keep up the great work !!!!
6 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Maddy Jane it was great i've come 4 times this year and love it lol shovel head is my new friend! lmaoo
6 hours ago · Unlike · 3

Quentin Wayne Hacker Awesome
6 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Jeffery Blumenauer Was great was worth the hour and a 1/2 drive
6 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Dani Grai i havnt gone yet i want to but ill go
6 hours ago · Like · 1

Samantha Snider I wanna come so bad but I'm pregnant, u guys suck. :(
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 1

Bryan Wright Badass!!!
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Ryan Molnar It was awesome will go again
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Tonya Yeary Was awesome! Got the IP pass so no waiting in the cold! Even better than last year! Great job!!!
5 hours ago · Like · 1

Leah Turnmire Great layout, loved it. Agree, fast pass was the way to go.
5 hours ago · Like · 1

Jeff Kontak Hush Leah...Love you.
5 hours ago · Like · 2

Trevor McMillen the line was crazy. but had a blast. movie scenes woild be sweet like freddy, jason, leather face. bit still a good time. wish it was longer lol.
5 hours ago via mobile · Like

Denise Fox-Lieb Awesome setup! Had a blast and loved the little movie clips and water splashing in your face.....awesome! I will go back for sure :)
5 hours ago via mobile · Like · 1

Alex Barnhart I was scared shitless xD
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Summer Place Layne I had a good time
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Richard Hill i havent been there in a few years, but tonite was awesome!!! better then the last time I was there. keep doing what you guys are doing. oh btw, i would love to work there next year. it would be the only job i would actually love going too. :-)
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Erica Kendel I loved it, thank you guys for making my night!
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Liz Ann Marie The electrocution guy at the end. That was SO awesome.
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 5

Drew Spice I see Liz met Hugo!
5 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 6

Liz Ann Marie Yes! I forgot his name!!
4 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Nicole Kovacs Yeah I was deffinately scared shitless. -_____-
4 hours ago · Like · 1

Erica Kendel ^ So you were the one that did that to the toilet in that 2nd house? Lol
4 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 4

Laura Beth Neiheisel It was awesome!!! Our group of 22 all had an amazing time!!!
4 hours ago via mobile · Unlike · 2

Lyle Binns III Great
3 hours ago via mobile · Like, A fantastically horrific evening of entertaining moments that will plague the memories of our victims for years and years.  The palatable tension of anxious onlookers provides an environment no one should miss.  Get to the Factory of Terror and create your own unforgettable memories., Who is going to be our 35,000th FAN? We are closed now for the night, but there's at least 300 people still inside getting the hell scared out of them! Those who came tonight, what did you think?!?, People are loving the show tonight! Still time to get here and see it! We stop selling tickets at midnight! If you buy your ticket before midnight we don't shut down till you get thru!, Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open this weekend! http://conta.cc/T8ifMR, Open Tonight! 7-12 Come get your ASS SCARED!, Some of the new music for que lines tonight! OPEN 7-12!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4zXKskHkIk, What a beautiful day to come out and get scared! Hello to all our new fans! We are almost to 35,000! Think we can get there before the weekends over? OPEN TONIGHT! 7-12, He missed and is now a zombie, Ready to kill zombies, Open night till MIDNIGHT! Start off October right! Come get your ass scared at Ohio's Best haunted house!, Check out Forsaken Haunted House in Mentor, Ohio and save $2., Going to First Friday tonight? Look for a couple of our demented veteran actors! They will be handing out coupons and other cool FOT freebies!, Its FRIDAY! Looking like rain all weekend too, dont worry, we have ALL INDOOR WAITING! Come get your ass scared! and stay dry too, unless we make you pee your pants., What would you do?, null, Here are a couple of reviews from the 2012 season already!

"Amazing, I'd suggest going there! Go EVERY Year. Good Effects, scares, and Set-ups!"

"Went here last year and let me tell you what... if haunted houses bore and lost all feeling to go to one.... go here and it will revive all the great feelings you have never felt. Because thia here hauntes house is theeee greatest hauntes house ive ever been to. And it looks ten times better than last year... go here i guarantee you wont regret it...", null, null, This weekend is going to be a big one! Bring October in right! Come see us at Ohio's best haunted house! Open all weekend long., Like Zombies and Booze? CHECK THIS OUT!, null, Congratulations to our first winners of "Actor of the Night"
Your photos will be featured on our digital billboards located in Akron!, Want to see the amazing transformation all of our actors go thru every night we are open? Check out the album "2012 Before/After pics. Will be up shortly!, Its the first of the MONTH! Not just any month either, our favorite month. Whats up OCTOBER?, We need 2 people between 5-7 & 5-9 in height and smaller than a size 10-1/2 boot this is an all new position that we need to fill, HELL of a good weekend! We are closed tomorrow night, but will be open Friday, Saturday, And Sunday next weekend! We are going to start getting busier and busier the closer we get to Halloween. So come see the show earlier to avoid the huge lines during the peak in the season!, OPEN NOW UNTIL MIDNIGHT! WHOS COMING?, Take your ticket stub to any of these local Business' to get these great deals! OPEN TONIGHT at 7 pm  Marsinos Costumes Hype Ultra Dance Club Hide-A-Way Buffalo Grill Primo's Downtown Chili's Grill & Bar, The 2012 Lineup of actors before and after they get in costume, makeup, and character!, Another great night is complete! Let me tell you these actors are pumped up! See you tomorrow night!, null, Zombie killing at Dead on, Say hello to "Maddy" so terrified after the first portion of the haunted house that she has been sitting at this table with her head down for an hour. It's ok "MADDY" we won't hurt you..... Much :), Looking for something to do tonight after the High School football game? Get your crew together and come to the biggest and baddest haunted house in Ohio! Check the online ticketing for group specials so you can get the best possible price on your tickets!, Open In 30 minutes GET READY TO GET TERRIFIED!, Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open this weekend! http://conta.cc/QwXAFx, Some sweet new t-shirt designs for 2012! Open tonight 7-12!, Open tonight at 7 pm! Who's ready to get TERRIFIED?, Check out this cool new tee-shirt design! We will be selling these in our concession stand all season long! OPEN TOMORROW AND SATURDAY 7-12, New Poster Designs! You'll be seeing these all around town
Quaker Steak and Lube - Canton, OH Hype Ultra Dance Club Horizon Audio Hide-A-Way Buffalo Grill Marsinos 
Costumes Chili's Grill & Bar Primo's Downtown, Official Factory of Terror Dates and Times for October and September!, Happy Hump Day! Open Friday and Saturday this weekend!
Get your tickets HERE! Online Specials are the best way to get cheap tix!

http://www.facebook.com/fotohio/app_201203599944197, null, Who had a kick ass time Saturday? Who's planning on coming this weekend?, null, Football Sunday -Take your ticket stub to Chili's and get FREE chips and salsa., null, Killing it at dead on, Screams of pure TERROR can be heard in the FOT offices. Early reviews are KICK ASS!, fred fixing zombies, Killing zobies, The zombies at Dead On, Killing zombies at Dead On, We have officially opened the doors for the 2012 season! Lets do this!, WORRIED ABOUT THE RAIN TONIGHT? ALL INDOOR WAITING AND OUR HAUNT IS NICE AND DRY INSIDE!, Less than two hours until we start off the 2012 season!
Check out this video to see whats new this year!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNRmF4bnlI, OPEN TONIGHT 7-12 Time to Unleash the Madness! Who's ready to take a trip to HELL?, Why spend your money at any of the other pop-up halloween stores when Marsinos has over 100 years of service in the Stark County area!

"Support local business' with a name you can trust Marsinos Costumes"

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0CnQXJf7lo, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNRmF4bnlI, Sorry for any confusion, but we are closed tonight, and open tomorrow night., Another Awesome ticket stub deal! Take your ticket stub to Hype Ultra Dance Club And get buy one get on free Cherry or Grape Bombs!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNRmF4bnlI, Save your FOT ticket stub and use it for FREE chips and salsa at Chili's Grill & Bar. Participating locations: Canton, Macedonia, Boardman, Montrose and North Olmsted., Buy tickets here (unless you're too SCARED):

https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2012_factory_of_terror_120316f1aa/tickets1.php, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2012_factory_of_terror_120316f1aa/tickets1.php, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNRmF4bnlI

Like & Share! We aren't playing around this year 1 DAY TILL OPEN WHO'S READY?, 95 minutes before we UNLEASH OUR 2012 TRAILER! What a way to wake up on on a friday morning, get your ass rocked by a sick video from "Ohio's Biggest, Baddest, Haunted Attraction!, null, 45 1/2 hours and ur dead!!! FOT 2012.  Opening day, The new IPad could be yours!, Free wifi? Yeah we have it located in our snack bar area so you guys can upload your fan pics and check in to the BIGGEST, BADDEST, HAUNTED HOUSE IN OHIO! Who's ready for Saturday? I know we cant wait to scare the hell out of you!, null, 50 Hours, 35 Minutes, MAYHEM!!! FOT 2012, TICKETS ON SALE NOW, Many new features this year in "Judgement Day 3D" including these sweet new 3D glasses. OPEN SATURDAY, get your TICKETS NOW at the tab below., null, Less than 57 hours till the lights go out and the screaming begins.  FOT 2012!!!!!!!!!  Be a part of the year of DEAD ON!  It is a riot.., Check out this great haunt., null, Online Ticketing is LIVE! OPEN SATURDAY, Good Morning Fans! Heres another frame from our trailer video!, 5 days are you ready, Happy Monday Morning Fans! Heres a single frame from our trailer video coming soon! Grind through the week and come see us on Saturday! 5 Days LEFT!, Follow Us!
http://twitter.com/fotohio, null, We can here the screams already! Who's coming to FOT next saturday for opening night?, Shout out to USS Nightmare and the Dent Schoolhouse! Two awesome shows that made our roadtrip well worth the drive!, null, Dont let her out, null, null, Fot in the cage maze, Hello USS Nightmare! Let's see what your made of!, Thank you Dent Schoolhouse for the "behind the scenes" tour! Well be back tonight to see your show live! Now, onto the U.S.S Nightmare!, Fot at Dent school house, FOT CREW, getting ready to road trip to Cincinnati to visit the Dent Schoolhouse., Late nights and early mornings! All haunted house crews are feeling the same way. FOT OPENS IN ONE WEEK!, ONLY 8 DAYS UNTIL WE OPEN! In the mean time check out this ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE TANK!, Good Morning Fans! Heres a lil Halloween themed DUBSTEP to start off your Friday right!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzubYYRV6NE&feature=related, New line entertainment for the 2012 season! 8 flatscreens mounted all around the factory!, Hello everyone! Our trailer video will be done soon! whos ready to see it?, Opening Night! Who's Ready? Share this and invite your friends!, null, null, null, null, We are ready and waiting for you at the FOT. 9.22.12!, http://www.youtube.com/user/factoryofterror, 14 days till we unleash the Factory for the 2012 season,Are You Ready, Removing some fire escape for new scenes at Fear Fair, Check out this amateur clip a factory worker captured tonight! The "TERROR" is coming... 9.22.12, Thank you to EVERYONE that came out and helped us tonight! Thank you actors, makeup artist, friends, and facebook loyals. We got some great shots and wait until you guys see this video., Shooting our Trailer Video in about an hour. Come on out if you want to be an extra in the video!, We are shooting our 2012 trailer video tonight! Want to be a zombie extra? Be at Factory of Terror at 6:30! Bring all your friends and share this photo!, Want to be a "ZOMBIE extra" in our 2012 video tomorrow? Show up at Factory of Terror tomorrow at 6:30! All ages welcome, wear the nastiest, ugliest outfit you own!, Wanna be a ZOMBIE extra in this years trailer?
Just show up at FOT tomorrow night at 6:30 wearing your best zombie costume!, Who knows what "Dead on" is? We think you guys are going to really like it this year!, Get your costumes while supplies are fresh and available.  Save some bucks with this coupon., Remember this kick-ass trailer from last year?
We are working on this years. AND WE ARE GOING TO PUT OUR FANS IN THIS ONE! Details to come soon but the final scene of our video we are going to need a couple hundred zombies!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic, Can you say 18 days,it's coming fast and there's no stopping the madness, Wont be long now before we unleash the baddest haunt in Ohio on the public., Spiritualist and psychics say that paranormal activity is at its peak between the hours of 3 and 4 am... Who's awake right now? Welcome to the "devils hour"!, 22 days are you ready for opening night, Veteran/supervisor meeting. The best of the best actors from FOT!, Our 2012 season trailer video is coming soon, wait until you guys see what's new this year!, We are still looking for a few more actors and a few parking lot attendants,please apply @ factory of terror.net, The official 2012 actor lineup! They are ready to SCARE!, First official actors meeting of the year!, Actors meeting tomorrow at noon everyone be there, Less than 30 days until opening night. ARE YOU READY? 9.22.12, Cant wait until September 22 to get your FOT fix? Like Dubstep and ZOMBIES? Come out to Hype Ultra Dance Club TONIGHT! We will be giving everyone free ZOMBIE MAKEOVERS! UK Dubstep King Zomboy will be spinning at midnight. Brought to you by Diverse Entertainment! Tickets are $20 at the door.

http://www.facebook.com/events/483894404969437/, Check out this video featuring the actors from FOT 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfD39sjAg6w&feature=plcp, LIKE DUBSTEP? LIKE ZOMBIES?
Factory Of Terror will be at Hype Ultra Dance Club Friday night for a "Night of the Raving Dead" giving all attendees zombie makeovers. Brought to you by Diverse Entertainment come check out UK Dubstep sensation Zomboy! Get your pre-sale tickets here; http://tinyurl.com/72x7mow
Are you ready to rave with 600 ZOMBIES?, The last lil zombie, null, null, The eye doc getting make up done, After, Before, null, null, Zombie love, FOT on loacation, Feel that cool air this morning? That can only mean one thing, were slowly approaching opening day! ARE YOU READY? 9.22.12, The Factory of Terror is now accepting applications for parking attendents,remember this is an outside job.Please apply at factory of terror.net and be 18 or older Thanks, What are they upto now, 47 days till opening night are you as ready as we are, Check out how the Factory of Terror creates an amazingly realistic looking snake pit! Are you scared of snakes?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-Mq7oCzkis, null, null, 30,000 fans Thanks so much everyone,we have the best fans anywhere, null, we are about to hut the 30,000 fans mark,you guys are the best, What are they upto now, We have 29,666 fans what a time to check huh, Our new pet, What could be down in this hole, Another new freind, Check out some actor pics from this past weekend!, null, null, null, null, Shooting the hoard, Trying to kill zombies, thank you to everyone that came out this weekend,it was a lot of fun sharing our place with so many other hunters.This should become a yearly event, null, null, null, DarkSyde Acres brought their little red truck with them. Thanks guys. http://t.co/PuEvuDqB, Our friends from DarkSyde Acres Haunted House are already here getting ready for tonight., The Factory of Terror OPEN Tonight! July  http://conta.cc/NDHdog, null, Thanks to all who came out tonight. http://t.co/O4cJCwz7, Actor pictures from this past weekend!, Today is the 3rd "FRIDAY THE 13" of the year.  The last one was exactly 13 weeks ago and the one before that was exactly 13 weeks before that.  Is anyone superstitious?, HAPPY FRIDAY THE 13th EVERYONE! OPEN TONIGHT 7-12, Hey Ohio, you know Ohio is the Number 1 State for Haunted houses, haunted vendors, Halloween, everything haunted ----Yeah, Ohio rocks and we need to be proud. Tomorrow is Friday the 13th -get out and have some fun., Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open Friday July 13th http://conta.cc/MnSA0y, Free Photos this weekend at Factory Of Terror. , Friday the 13th at Factory Of Terror.  Come join us.  If you are with another haunt, you are welcome to the after party.  For $5 OFF tickets, use promo code "friday"., TOMORROW NIGHT! 

BUY TICKETS HERE OR AT THE DOOR ALL WEEKEND


https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2012_factory_of_terror_120316f1aa/tickets1.php

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNPKXPIDnMM, FREE popcorn all weekend at the Factory Of Terror, What color wristband do you like the best?, Take a look at this when answering the next question., Also, Wells Township Haunted House, Psychoward Haunted House, Raven's Wolf, Here is a quick list of haunted houses coming to join FOT for Friday the 13th.  If I missed you, speak up.  AND because you all are haunters, you will be expected to help out, have fun, eat and drink with us. DarkSyde Acres Haunted House, The Scareatorium, The Dent Schoolhouse, The Fear Experience Haunted House, Forsaken Haunted House, Fearmart, Scare Fair, Fear Fair - Indiana's Scariest Haunted House, House Of Horror, Wells Township Haunted House., BUY YOUR TICKETS HERE!

WHOS READY FOR THIS WEEKEND?!?!

https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2012_factory_of_terror_120316f1aa/tickets1.php, Check out Forsaken Haunted House, they are hosting a glow stick event this Friday the 13th. They are located in Mentor, Ohio. Tickets are only $16 online. This is a lights out tour with reduced staff and complete darkness., Promo code "friday" is good for $5 off tickets when buying on-line.  

If your planning on buying on-line, use it and save so dough., null, Everyone attending the Friday the 13th weekend will get a chance to autograph a special FOT banner commemorating Halloween in July.  We will display this banner in October., Our good friends from The Scareatorium are hoping to make the trip from Columbus.  FOT crew hopes you can make it., Psycho Ward Haunted House will be joining the FOT staff this Friday. Thanks guys!, Ohio's Best Haunted Houses Open Friday July 13th http://conta.cc/N8YN2x, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNPKXPIDnMM

Are you ready for this weekend?, SPECIAL GUEST: 

https://www.facebook.com/GrannyApproved 

Granny will be bringing her foul mouth to the Factory of Terror on the 13th. If you don't know her, you gotta come out and see her -Be careful though, she know no boundaries., null, FRIDAY the 13th -only 1 week away. So far, we have haunters from DarkSyde Acres Haunted House, The Fear Experience Haunted House, Forsaken Haunted House, The Dent Schoolhouse, House Of Horrors And Haunted Catacombs, Wells Township Haunted House and Scare Fair being represented at the world's largest haunted house. Come on out and have some July haunted fun., Get your scare on! Factory of Terror open for FRIDAY THE 13TH., null, 2 hours and we have a motor for the hearse, null, null, The factory of terror will also invade Cantons first friday,are team will be doing zombie face painting and creating chaos all around.Stop in and see us behind Primos, The Factory of Terror is growing again,think you have what it takes to terrorize these halls apply at factory of terror.net, Get your summer scare on,the Factory of Terror will be open on July 13th & 14th.Online tickets on sale now,tickets also available at the door, null, null, Helping out with the Canton Marathon was fun, but we need to get back to scaring. Friday the 13th is coming next month -FOT will be open. Marathoners: you all should be rested up enough by then to check out all the new scenes and scares., Welcome to the Zombie mile., null, Setting up to pass out zombie ice cold water rags for the canton marathon., Get Dad some fear for father's day.  Tickets are now available online for Friday the 13th and Saturday the 14th.  Best thing about it....you get to go with him.  Use promo code "dad" to get $5 off per ticket., Should I bring donuts to mile 21?, Anyone that wants to hang out and support our runners, get to mile 21 by 7:30am., null, Canton Marathon is 36 hours away and Factory of Terror is finalizing plans for the Mile 21 Zombie Zone. We can promise motivation, loud music, and some ice-cold towels for all of you incredible folks. Carb up!, FOT at MHC, null, Taking a tour of Dimension of Darkness. They did a great job., At "Exit 13" haunted house. http://t.co/ChfGMrN1, Erebus was awesome last night (as expected). Thanks everyone for putting the effort together and opening your doors!, Had a great time touring DarkSyde Acres last night. http://t.co/B3LhPU5Z, FOT visit to DarkSyde Acres. Great job DarkSyde., null, null, 1, Tomorrow is the first day of shooting film for our 2012 movie trailer., Waterproofing a coffin to hold zombie ice water sponges for the Canton Marathon., we need actors,make up all who can attend sat june 2 @ noon we are filming our trailers for the upcoming season so if you wanna be in our videos be here,call scott and confirm please 330-9498025, All employees check out employee group post for 1 st fot family day, The Canton Marathon is on June 17.  We are the sponsor of mile 21.  This is one of the most difficult points of the race. We are starting our plans to help "Scare them to the finish".  Mark your calendars to come out and have some fun cheering on these athletes., FOT crew at Hauntcon in Pittsburgh., null, null, null, Great time at Hundred Acres Haunted House last night., New FOT shirt made specifically for the Haunted Convention Bus tour, null, Ready for Haunters on the Hauntcon tour bus., Spider picked up a friend., null, Haunters visit the Factory of Terror.  Get your tickets online and join us.  Tour starts about 9:00pm.  No tickets at the door., New FOT shirts., Hey haunt fans, special opening this Wednesday night (about 9:30pm). Live show, over 70 actors. Tickets available only through Hauntcon web site., Ripe and ready., Sample wood flooring....yeah, I think it is a thumbs up. Now that I see it with wood, it can't be any other way., just received a shipment from Ghostride. Going to open up the package tonight and check out the new props., Speakers and other stuff for the Dent Schoolhouse., Louisville school being demolished.  The good thing is that I salvaged some ceiling tiles, vents and m/c wire for FOT.  Also, saved classroom speakers and some clock/speaker combo units for The Dent Schoolhouse in Cincinnati., Scarefactory body snatcher with victim. Can't wait to hook it up., Thanks Scarefactory! Just received animation -looks awesome and impressed with the packaging job. Great work! http://t.co/Z4UN3ZCt, Opening in 1 week. Full show; actors, show lighting, animation, new effects and show sets.   Can't wait., Old Louisville Elementary meets wrecking ball http://t.co/qha0h5TO via @sharethis, Special Opening ***May 2***.  October style show in May!  Tickets only available through HAuNTcon : Haunted Attraction National Tradeshow & Convention., HAuNTcon : Haunted Attraction National Tradeshow & Convention is coming to Canton for an exclusive visit to the Factory of Terror.  Come join us 2 weeks from today.  We will post information about the event and how you can join us., Just picked up new vehicle. Looks like a great addition to the haunt lineup., Just picked up new vehicle. Looks like a great addition to the haunt lineup., Just picked up new vehicle. Looks like a great addition to the haunt lineup., Just picked up new vehicle. Looks like a great addition to the haunt lineup., New haunt vehicle. Needs a scary paint job and a cool animation in the back. Any ideas? http://t.co/G2LOPQI3, the factory of terror is growing again and we need some new actors,over 18 please apply at factoryofterror.net thanks everyone, Indoor BMX racing inside the Factory of Terror, A REVIEW FROM TONIGHTS PITCH BLACK TOUR!

Just finished the Blackout tour. That was the best haunted house I've ever gone through. I was scared at first, but I'm glad I did it. When they say full contact, they mean it. There's a reason you guys are #1!, 8:30 show time is SOLD OUT.  A hand full of tickets are available for the 9:30. The later show times are still looking good, for now., BMX fans.... 4130 BMX is located in our facility.  BMX practice and racing all weekend.  Join in or watch the racing.  Sunday is a redline cup race event.

Race info for this weekend: 
  Friday night: Pracitce is free
  Saturday:  Race For Life (double pts)- Reg/Practice 12-2pm
  Sunday: Redline Cup(triple pts) - Reg/Pracitce 9-11am

Check 4130 BMX for more information., null, null, http://www.wkyc.com/entertainment/article/240911/110/Canton-haunted-house-opens-for-Friday-the-13th, This time tomorrow we will be stalking those who enter are you ready for this event ?We dont think so!, null, null, null, I will post the waiver later today so you can print it out and have it signed when you arrive Friday. Blank forms will be available at the door., null, null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKJZAaDjNg4

Check out Episode 2 of "SCREAMING IS ONLY THE BEGINNING"! Find out what make the best actors in the industry do it night after night!, null, Happy Easter Everyone! Here's a little Easter gift from "FOT"
If you "like" it hit that "share" button!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKJZAaDjNg4, Looking for a victim, null, Looking for more volunteers to test my new Chinese sticks.  Thanks Maverick for letting me experiment. http://t.co/4RGlisW0, New episode of "Screaming is Only the Beginning" Coming soon! In the mean time che out our ticket tab up top to get your tickets for our Pitch Black Tour Friday the 13th!, We have something waiting for you, We have been going over applications and calling people all day.If you wanna have a great place to go on weekends and scare the piss outta some folks apply on-line @factoryofterror.net., Kenny is coming to town., Glow stick night tours -would you rather walk in the dark through the haunted house:, Our pitch black show, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2012_factory_of_terror_120316f1aa/tickets1.php

Ticket Sales are LIVE!!! Get your tickets to Factory of Terror's Pitch Black FRIDAY THE 13th TOUR!

Tickets are limited so get them NOW!, http://hauntcon.com/2012/03/2012preshowtour/

The Factory of Terror is the spotlight stop on this years Hauntcon Tour! , For everyone who is interested in tickets for April's, Friday the 13th BLACKOUT TOUR. Don't worry within the next few days our online ticketing will be ready and we will share the link to get tickets on our Facebook as soon as its ready. Stayed tuned because tickets will be limited and youll wanna get them ASAP., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8Br9W4fn4M, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8Br9W4fn4M

100% darkness 100% FULL CONTACT!, April 13th full contact black-out can you handle this event, Details, Ticket info, and more coming in our "blackout video" tomorrow. First one is less than 30 days away! Tickets will be limited! Check back tomorrow for the video!, DETAILS SOON! APRIL FRIDAY THE 13TH!, Thanks for the shirts @haunted-enterprises http://t.co/VhGHhX1r, Who would like to do a black out on Friday the 13th of April,thinking we could have some fun, Factory of Terror opens May 2 for a private tour / haunt convention HAuNTcon : Haunted Attraction National Tradeshow & Convention. Actors contact us to learn more.  Others interested in helping out, please send in an employment application on our web site to express your interest.  This is going to rock!!!, 1st actors meeting of the year sunday March 4th 11 a.m. ill be calling all actors tomorrow evening, Watch as John Eslich gives a tour of the F.O.T offices! Be sure to Like, Comment, and Share if you like this video.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdyA3nm0dS8&list=UUbfwD1uF45_nyoUrWVQ1EJg&index=1&feature=plcp, http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=PdyA3nm0dS8, Make sure you guys check out our latest "behind the scenes" video tonight around 7 pm! John Eslich gives you a tour of the FOT offices., It was this...or going to see "The Vow". Obviously a simple decision. http://t.co/S2jOj74q, Who's ready for some "behind the scenes footage" finally? We will be dropping our new webshow "Screaming is Only the Beginning" soon!, we are working hard changing more this off season than ever before and we know it will all be worth it ,because our fans are awesome, wow everyones busy as can be,we really turned it up a notch again this off season.We will be posting big news shortly and sorry didnt forget about the sneak peak just been busy., The Factory is looking to expand our make up room,if you have latex application experience and/or air brushing technics fill out an application on our website, Who knows what year the Factory opened its doors, http://t.co/Yn7BGaKa, http://t.co/l0tBgoVh, Beginning of biohazard room. http://t.co/vFDWkvoy, http://t.co/BFlhhoiI, Thanks to all our fans for posting your thoughts,ideas .We are planning a sneak peek for a few of you,the invitation list should be up this weekend.We do wish we could invite you all,but thats alot of friends and time so again Thanks everyone., post your thoughts and maybe an idea.We are picking 10 people to get a sneak peek and maybe help in a room., another room built ,painted decorated,put some nice scares in here to.Started the next room and the zombie multiplier muhhahahaha, Preliminary design change in the Industrial Nightmare portion of FOT http://t.co/7bWAtxUo, The changes are happening fast and man are you guys gonna love what we have done, Ok who wants to see the new scenes for this year and maybe sit down at the roundtable and possibly help design a new room?, null, null, Volunteers giving these old props new life -heading to 3D. http://t.co/bk58nGcu, Have a couple volunteers coming in tomorrow anyone else wanna help dress warm, Have a great Friday the 13th today everyone!, Hey Scott -maybe we should have an open house and let people walk through and check out what's going on., I want more lasers., With all these suggestions,what would you like to see new at the Factory, April: Friday the 13th and/ or July on Friday the 13th, Should we open for a day in march as a sneak peek, OOOOO you are not going to believe what we are building now, Employees of the Factory of Terror: The year end W-2s have arrived.  They will be held at the haunt until January 20, 2012.  After the 20th, they will be mailed.  If you  want your wage earning statement before the 20th, please stop up at the haunt and see Scott.  You all know who he is., Actros W-2s are in .Scot is at the haunt Mon-Friday 8-5 stop in and get them if you want.We will mail them the 20th, We have been very busy already in the off season.Demo;d out 6 rooms already wait till you see what we built., The infirmary in Massacre on Mahoning and the two hallways past this room plus the reception area before....all gone.  Also, say bye bye to all the Egyptian stuff., Two weeks ago we received our 1st new props for 2012, Last week 2 rooms were gutted and dismantled.  New designs/layouts being drawn up this week., null, null, Well ladies and gentleman that's it for this year! We have closed the doors for the public for our 2011 season. We will be back bigger, badder, and more terrifying next year! What are some of the things you guys loved? What are some of the things you think we could do better? We will read all these comments and take them into consideration, so give us your feedback! Thanks everyone for another record breaking season! FOT HELL YEAH!!!, null, null, Tonight! Blackout tour!!! Do you think you have what it takes to find your way out of the longest haunted house in the world? IN PITCH BLACK DARKNESS? This is a very special one night only event. The cost is $20 and you will be required to sign a waiver. The actors will touch you! This is going to be terrifying. Don't miss out on this., Attention blackout tour customers!!! Come directly into the main entrance to the haunted house. Do not stop at the ticket booth. You can redeem your tickets and purchase the few we have left at the main door., BLACKOUT TOUR: Getting ready., BLACKOUT TOUR: Ready to explore., BLACKOUT TOUR ATTENDEES: We will have hard hats available for you to wear tonight in addition to safety glasses., Tonight! Blackout tour!!! Do you think you have what it takes to find your way out of the longest haunted house in the world? IN PITCH BLACK DARKNESS? This is a very special one night only event. The cost is $20 and you will be required to sign a waiver. The actors will touch you! This is going to be terrifying. Don't miss out on this., BLACKOUT TOUR: 10:00 Time slot., BLACKOUT TOUR: 9:30 time slot., BLACKOUT TOUR: 9:00 time slot., BLACKOUT TOUR Waiver, BLACKOUT TOUR: We placed a limit on tickets. We are not sure how long it will take for people to get through. We estimate at least 2 hours (minimum). This will not be a sell as many tickets as possible and wait in line.  You will get a chance to visit our corporate offices and meet the key players in the organization., BLACKOUT attendees:  There will be 3 checkpoints.  We will account for you at the various check points., BLACKOUT ATTENDEES: Please keep in mind, actors will be in the attraction and they will touch you.  BEWARE!!! We are going to find you!, You can buy your ticket on site.  However, you risk the chance of being sold out.  Buy on-line (under the events tab) or send us an email reserving your spot., BLACKOUT TOUR INFO: Must be 18 (if under 18, bring your parents or parent), clothing subject to our approval (no open toe shoes, heals, shorts, tank tops etc), No alcohol, you must sign a waiver (I will try to post the actual waiver later tonight), No attitude, we will provide safety glasses (feel free to bring your own), we will provide limited beverages (pop). Be on time., DONT FORGET THE BLACKOUT EVENT IS TOMORROW NIGHT!!! $20 presale only. Check out the past post for more info., Our last video of the season coming soon. It will be a documentary showing what it took to run the longest haunted house in the world. Over 60 minutes long this will be a treat for everyone that wants a glimpse behind the scenes! We have been filming for 4 months to make this awesome! Don't miss it., null, null, That's it! The final customer of the regular 2011 season has just left the LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD! But for you fans that can't get enough, we have one more chance to get a great scare! NEXT FRIDAY BLACKOUT EVENT! Pre-sale only check our page for the event details. HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE!, Dont Forget! OPEN TONIGHT 7-10 LAST NIGHT OF THE SEASON! Thanks to all our fans for coming out this season! Dont forget to check out the info for our blackout event!!!, Marsinos Costumes sponsors a $9 off promo code, null, null, null, Save $5 when buying online.  Use promo code "halloween"., BLACKOUT Tour -8:00 Time slot., BLACKOUT Tour -10:00pm time slot., BLACKOUT Tour -9:30 time slot, Happy Halloween everyone! OPEN TONIGHT 7-10pm for special Halloween hours!, BLACKOUT Tour at FOT -8:00 time slot., Factory of Terror BLACKOUT http://t.co/SOAtRF3B via @eventpal, Family four pack $60 (after $9 promo "marsino") On-line purchase only., BLACKOUT tickets for the 8:00 time slot., BLACKOUT at FOT -Buy ticket online only., null, The BIGGEST, the LONGEST!, the BEST, haunted house is open right now! The one and only Factory of Terror! DONT MISS OUT ON OUR 2011 show! Only two more regular days left! Make sure to check out the info for our BLACKOUT EVENT! Word is that it is going to be the scariest night to attend! Pitch black and only a glowstick to light your way! And the actors "just might be allowed to touch you"!, null, null, null, null, You can purchase tickets to the BLACKOUT tour at the ticket booth this weekend for the tour on November 4.  Tickets will not be sold at the door on Nov. 4, Factory of Terror BLACKOUT http://t.co/6cyi0m1i via @eventpal, We just tested out the BLACKOUT conditions -one word...AWESOME!! One 4" glow stick and one creepy walk.  You guys are going to love it., Early bird $5 off tonight.  If your coming out tonight and want to save some $$, get here between 6:00 and 6:30., null, null, null, null, Early bird Saturday special: $5 off tickets if you buy your tickets between 6:00 to 6:30, null, null, $9 off family four pack.  On-line purchase only., Costumes are welcome tonight ---NO MASKS.  If you wear a costume, do not cover your face. Thanks for understanding., BLACKOUT next Friday (Nov 4) -no lights and no help. Only one glow stick per group to find your way through. You will be REQUIRED to sign a waiver., We are going to do an early bird special again this Saturday.  Be in line between 6:00 - 6:30., Who is the Mayor of our City?  We will select a few winners (free tickets) from the correct answers., 2 World Records!!! Gotta love it., null, Get your friends together -$9 off FOT 4 pack of tickets.  Enter promo code "Marsino" when buying online.  Also, Marsinos Costumes is making me accept the four pack the entire weekend (Except Saturday)., Marsinos Costumes is giving away some tickets.  I think you need to sign up/enter at the store.  Check with their facebook page., http://t.co/55v6QK6k, The family 4 pack is good this weekend for Friday, Sunday and Monday (Not Saturday).  Marsinos Costumes is sponsoring the promo code "Marsino".  Use this promo code online to get $9 off the 4 pack of tickets.  Quantities are limited., Be sure to join our mobile fan club.  I will be giving tickets away today, tomorrow and throughout the weekend.  I will also randomly select on-line buyers and award them additional tickets or FREE shirts., I'm looking for Daniel Maley.  Dan, I see you just bought 2 family four packs of tickets today.  We appreciate your support.  Please respond to this post and we will add one FREE ticket to your package., Let's hear your opinion., I'm looking for Hillary S.  I found your debit card in the parking lot.  Send me a note so I can get it back to you., I am looking for a Zachary M.  I found your paycheck at the Factory Of Terror on Sunday, 10-23-11.  If anyone knows him, have him FB us., Looks like a nice week., Fire Breathing at the Factory of Terror, null, What would you want to attend?, null, A huge Thank You to the Aultman Group for supporting the Factory of Terror again in 2011. Tonight we will show nearly 400 of your guests that our show is unparalleled in quality and continues to reign as the best haunt in Ohio, Check out the SIZE of the Factory of Terror Monsters!  Katie Lane up front, and yes she is standing...  Thanks for coming down Saturday and becoming a part of the show.., Marsino Halloween Headquarters sponsors the family 4-pack -Get $9 OFF of 4 pack of tickets (On-line only).  Select group tickets when buying online., Factory Of Terror welcomes Aultman Hospital tonight., http://www.cantonrep.com/newsnow/x1007222239/5-things-you-should-know-about-scaring-people?img=2

5 Things you should know about scaring, take it from one of the best! Carl the maintenance man!, Save your ticket stub -good for $5 off at Wicked Weekends Haunted House, Promo code brought to us by Jakeline Martinez.  The promo code is "horror" Thanks Jakeline -You get a FREE ticket for helping me out., Early bird SPECIAL -----TONIGHT ONLY ----- Buy your ticket at the on site box office between 6:00 - 6:30 to get an instant $5 discount. Can not use with other offers., I'm going to create a promo code for on-line ticket buyers.  Help me think of a code word.......if I pick your code word, you will get one free ticket for helping me out., I'm at  Wicked Weekends Haunted House talking to the Owner trying to get FOT costumers a killer deal. I am asking him for $5 off any FOT visitor.  I'll let you know how I do.  I have my CHAINSAW with me in case he wants to argue., Enter to win 40" TV and horror movie package.  FREE to enter., http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/photo_poll_gallery/the-scariest-haunted-house/2872873/photo/2873069

Vote for FOT guys! Were in second place and we need your help to take 1st! PLEASE VOTE EVERYDAY AND SHARE THIS LINK!, http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/photo_poll_gallery/the-scariest-haunted-house/2872873/photo/2873069

VOTE VOTE VOTE! FOR THE FACTORY OF TERROR! WE ARE IN SECOND PLACE RIGHT NOW AND WE NEED THE HELP OF OUR FANS TO WIN IT! YOU CAN VOTE ONCE A DAY EVERYDAY!, Have some Quaker Steak and Lube sauce available.  Go to snack bar and say "best wings USA" to claim., Check out Forsaken Haunted House in Mentor.  Both shows are indoor!!, Promo code "spiders" good for $5 off -online ticket purchase only., Mobile fan club winners: Chasity B, Sara C, Christina F, Jessica C, Alexis R, Rose M, Jessica K, Casandra D.  One ticket each.  You must bring your ID to claim ticket., A few $5 off  tickets are available using promo codes "no rain" and "spiders". I will post a link in a minute.  But for you smart ones, this will give you a head start., https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php

GET YOUR TICKETS ONLINE FOR THIS WEEKEND! AVOID THE LINES TO PURCHASE TICKETS AT THE DOOR!, Open tonight at 7pm! Get here early to avoid the long lines! DONT MISS OUT ON THE BEST SHOW IN OHIO! Nobody is longer, Nobody is scarier!, Plan on arriving early this Saturday.  Looking to give discounts to those that get here by 6:00., Sign up to win a FREE TV. Get a $2 coupon to the Factory from FOX 8., http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/photo_poll_gallery/the-scariest-haunted-house/2872873/photo/2873069

Vote For Factory of Terror! CURRENTLY IN SECOND PLACE LETS GET NMBER 1, http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/photo_poll_gallery/the-scariest-haunted-house/2872873/photo/2873069

Vote For Factory of Terror! Show Channel 3 That we are the best haunted house in Ohio!, http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/photo_poll_gallery/the-scariest-haunted-house/2872873/photo/2873069

3rd place after nine minutes! COME ON FOT FANS! TAKE 5 SECONDS AND SHOW CHANNEL 3 THAT WERE BETTER THAN ALL THE OTHER HAUNTED HOUSES IN OHIO! VOTE AS MANY TIMES AS YOU WANT!, http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/photo_poll_gallery/the-scariest-haunted-house/2872873/photo/2873069


VOTE VOTE VOTE! Factory of Terror is the longest and best Haunted 
House in the world. We need the help of our fans to win this!\

, CHECK US OUT ON  CHANNEL 3!

, http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/event/factory-of-terror-canton/2807125/content

VOTE FOR US!, ADD A COMMENT, OR SHARE THIS PAGE!, http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/roundup/cleveland-area-haunted-houses/631907/content

FACTORY OF TERROR IS NUMBER 3 ON CLEVELANDS BEST HAUNTED HOUSES!, VOTE FOR US AND MAKE US #1 AND OUR SISTER HAUNT "FORSAKEN" #2!, null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic&feature=relmfu

Check out our Trailer for this season! Only two more weekends left! Get here while were open! SHARE THIS VIDEO!, null, The 2011 trailer for the Longest Haunted House in the World! The Factory of Terror in Canton, Ohio., http://www.fox8factoryofterror.com/26085948

Wanna win a free tv and an awesome horror dvd collection? Follow this link and enter! Its free and you can enter as many times as you want!, null, Use the Promo code spiders to take advantage of the $5 off discount for online purchases., OFFICIALLY OPEN RIGHT NOW TILL MIDNIGHT! DON'T MISS OUT ON THE LONGST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD!, Ok, Facebook surfers: Where is the closet laser quest to the Factory of Terror?, Fan club winners: Tracey H, Cara J, Jamie E, Lindsay M, Stacey C, and Todd D.  Your tickets will be held in will call at the ticket booth.  You can use them any night we are open.  Bring you ID or you will not be able to claim your ticket., For those of you without cell phones, but want to win.  I will post a contest here on facebook shortly to win tickets., Getting ready to give away 6 tickets.  You have to be a member of our mobile fan club to win.  Join by texting the keyword "fot" to 545454., Happy birthday to Jayden! Thanks for celebrating with FOT!, We are open and I can hear the screams already! GET OUT HERE TO THE SHOW THAT PEOPLE ARE CALLING THE BEST IN THE WORLD! The worlds longest haunted house, Factory of Terror OPEN UNTILL MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!, Ends at Midnight -$5 off Factory of Terror tickets. Promo code "NO RAIN", limited quantities available., I generated 6 tickets and emailed them to the six winners.  I see two have confirmed receipt.  I will wait a little while and check back with the others who have not yet notified us that they got the tickets., Winners please check your e-mails for winning tickets., Congratulations to our newest "Actor's of the Night" Winners! Your ladies pictures will be featured on 6 digital billboard across the Akron-Metro area!, Guinness Certificate hanging on our office wall., Be sure to join the fan club.  We will be giving away some tickets starting tomorrow.  Text the keyword fot to 545454., Get to the longest haunted house in the world! ROCKIN RIGHT NOW, For Quaker Steak prize, tell concession cashier "Best wings USA".  First 5 win, one per group., https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/TUA0CEE194C0
, Three of the five winners have responded.  If the other two do not respond, we will be selecting two more people., We have our winners!!  They will be notified as soon as I receive their emails., We have some Quaker Steak and Lube stuff to give away tonight, stayed tuned to learn how to win., Who wants FREE tickets?? Join our mobile fan club by texting the the keyword "fot" to 545454.  Winning code will be sent out in 7 minutes., Last night we had a group that drove all the way from New Jersey, and after they made it through they personally told one of our supervisors "This is the best haunted house we have ever seen!"

Here are some reviews from last night! GET OUT HERE TONIGHT AT 7PM See what people are calling "THE BEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD!"

best haunted house ever well worth the drive from cleveland

Last night i came and it was MY VERY FIRSt time in a Haunted House! I am so glad I chose the Factory of Terror ! It was so Awesome!! :) Michael Myers was THE BEST!! He kept chasing me because i kept saying i wasnt scared of him! And he looked SO REAL ! He was coming up to me and raising his knife! It was SO COOL!! I hope to come again! I LOVE THE FACTORY OF TERROR!!!!!! :) :) :) :)

Great time last night! (: micheal myers kept getting closer and closer in the house , and your profile picture lady, CREAPY. she just sat in the corner For EVER. haha fun (:

Who needs actors in the mirror room? Scared the crap outta myself with my own reflection a few times last night. Not to mention couldn't find my way out. Ha two thumbs up guys!

Went tonight!!! Love it!!! :) Well worth the price., http://cleveland.metromix.com/events/standard_photo_gallery/behind-the-screams-factory/2848464/content, Join our mobile fan club now by texting the keyword fot to 545454.  I will be sending out a code for a chance to win within 5 minutes., Open in less than hour! Come see the show that people are calling the best in THE WORLD!, Are you in the Cleveland area?  Go check out Forsaken Haunted House in Mentor.  Forsaken is NE Ohio newest haunted attraction and BIG -It is 30,000 square feet of scare zones AND all indoors., Be sure to join our mobile fan club to win tickets, get secret promo codes and other prizes.  To join: send the message "fot" to 545454., Congratulations to our latest "actors of the night" Their photos will be displayed on 6 digital billboards in the Akron Metro area!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Aprb4GKCj8&feature=related

Pulled this one from the archives! Check out our mobile command post the "Death Squad 6", http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzLaMSUe9T8&feature=channel_video_title

If you havent checked this out yet, See what people are saying about the Factory of Terror, THE LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD! 

Share the video so everyone will check it out!, Congratulations to Mandy Long, Brandi Zehnder, Kendra Jeffries, and Deana McCrea. These ladies just won free tickets using our free text fan club. We are processing your tickets and will be sending them via email in 5 min!, We are going to be giving away a 2 tickets on our mobile fan club in ten minutes. If you wanna chance to win free tickets text "fot" to 545454 to join NOW! Its free and we will be giving free stuff all October!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzLaMSUe9T8&feature=html5_3d

Check out our new video, YOU CAN WATCH IT IN 3D!, We have alot of great videos, if you have seen one, check out our channel and view them all!, Enter as many times as you want! Who wants that free tv?, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzLaMSUe9T8

Watch it and share it!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzLaMSUe9T8

Here is our new video! If you like it hit that Share button and let everyone see it! Thank you to the ladies in this video for being so scared!
, If anyone is still awake our new video will be on in about 70 minutes!, Who wants to see an all new Factory of Terror Video?, Text "FOT" to 545454 to join our mobile fan club! We'll be giving away free tickets, exclusive promo codes, and more free stuff! Sign up now!, in them., Free tickets to be given away later today through the mobile fan club system. Be sure to text "FOT" to 545454 to receive the notificatio ..., http://www.wtam.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=122520&article=9208602

The biggest and baddest haunted house in the world! Right here in Canton, Ohio!, Join the Factory of Terror mobile fan club. Text "FOT" to 545454.  We will be giving away promo codes for discounts and free tickets., What a great weekend! The screams can still be heard echoing through the building. Who had a great time this weekend at THE LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD? Who plans on coming this weekend?, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php?promo=football&step=intro

PROMO CODE "Tiny" For $2 off , OPEN TONIGHT 6-9PM, null, null, null, The WORLDS LONGEST HOUSE is rocking right now! Get here and experience the best haunted house IN OHIO!, Fire Breathers on site come check them out before you go thru the LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD, null, Congrats to our new "Actor's of the Night" They will be featured on 6 digital billboards in the Akron metro area! COME SEE THESE CRAZIES TONIGHT!, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php?promo=Tiny&step=intro

Use promo code "Tiny" for $2 off online tickets! Hurry, only 10 left!
, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic

OPEN TONIGHT 7-12 NEW VIDEOS COMING SOON!
, We are open and ready to scare you tonight! Wanna have some fun tonight? Come check out the LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD! We have all indoor waiting and will keep you dry. Unless you pee your pants! ;), Look for these ladies they will be taking free pictures all night! Take the card they give you and use it to retrieve your photo and share on Facebook!, Carl hyping up the actors for tonight! OPEN AT 7, Worried about the rain? All indoor waiting in our new entrance for this year!!!, Want free pictures at the Factory of Terror? Look for the ladies taking pics with this camera and use the card that they give you to retrieve your pics and post on Facebook and share!, http://www.fox8factoryofterror.com/

Sign up and WIN a FREE Flatscreen tv and a HUGE horror DVD Collection! Its FREE to enter!!!!!, Join DeLuca tonight at the Factory Of Terror. He'll be broadcasting LIVE from 6:30 to 8:30. First 100 people to the Q92 table (set up between attractions by the concession stand) will recieve a free FOT lanyard. Wanna save $$ on tix? Buy them online at www.factoryofterror.net and use the promo code "football" to score $5 off each., https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php?promo=football&step=intro

Get your tickets for this weekend online AND SAVE $5 BUCKS NOW! HURRY BECAUSE PROMO CODE "FOOTBALL" WONT LAST LONG!, What creeps you out more?, Let's get this rain over with and get to scaring., http://www.fox8factoryofterror.com/, Getting geared up for an awesome weekend., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQqs7wFU_-0

Check out this time lapse of a graphic for pulse magazine being created!, Check out my photo from @fotohio! http://t.co/zzdvjzEh, Here's what people are saying after opening weekend!

"Was here last friday it was a blast! Best haunted house i have ever been too! planning coming back soon and bring more friends!"

"i went open night! it was fun!(: deff worth it! i say anyone and everyone go ! i traveled oveerr a hour away! it was so much fun!(: and scary!(: im going again in like two weeks!(: but woring everyone the room of mirrors was starting to piss me off! lol (: i scared my self in there! (: ha alot fun!(:"

"just left there had an amzing time f**kin loveeeeeeeddddd itttt"

"I've been to over 50 haunted houses. This is the best thought out house I have every been to. Incorporated every technique of horror, so well thought out! Congratulations!"

"Awesome Haunted house , effects, props, and the people working it! 2 thumbs up!" 

"Great job guys! Love the new changes! Props to the clown in 3d!", Congrats to our first "Actors of the Night" they will be featured on 6 digital billboards in Akron metro area. The best actors from Saturday night coming soon!, http://hauntedattractionassociation.com/OscareAwards/2011.aspx

Check out the award we got from the Haunted Attraction Association, only 4 haunted house in the world got this award!, http://www.fox8factoryofterror.com/19809072, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic&feature=channel_video_title

SHARE IT WITH YOUR FRIENDS IF YOU THINK THAT THE FACTORY OF TERROR IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD!, null, null, null, WANNA WIN FREE PRIZES? Check in with your smartphone tonight at the Factory of Terror, easy as that!, null, 2x World Record Holding Haunted House!, TONIGHT ONLY MAKE IT THRU WE PAY YOU!, Play Zombie Roulette tonight! Check in on your smartphone and get a gold coin! Use that gold coin to place your bet on our zombie roulette game! WIN AWESOME FOT MERCH!, null, Play Zombie roulette when you get here and win prizes.  Cost nothing to try., null, The time is here! Opening Night! The zombies are ready! Are you ready for the longest haunted house in the world?, Sign up and win a flat screen tv and an awesome horror movie collection!, Get your ticket for opening night to the World's Longest Haunted House.  Make is through and get $5 back -tonight only., New photo op near the snack bar, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic&feature=channel_video_title

LESS THAN 24 HOURS UNTILL WE OPEN!!! WHO WILL BE HERE TOMORROW NIGHT?, Photo Op Scene, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php?step=tickets

Only a few more hours left to get your SUPER DISCOUNT TICKETS!
BUY TODAY AND GET NEARLY 50% OFF THESE WONT BE AVAILABLE MUCH LONGER!, Less than 48 hours until opening! SCREAMING IS ONLY THE BEGINNING!, Who will be our 10000th fan?, http://dl.dropbox.com/u/13711957/FOT_2011_CREATURES_60_SECONDS.mp3
The second Radio spot, Courtesy of Deluca from q92!, http://dl.dropbox.com/u/13711957/Factory%20Of%20Terror%20-%202011%20-%20OPEN.mp3
Our first radio spot, Deluca from q92 hooked it up!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic&feature=channel_video_title
If you havent seen it yet, CHECK OUT OUR TRAILER FOR THE 2011 SEASON! THE BIGGEST AND SCARIEST HAUNTED HOUSE IN THE WORLD IS RIGHT HERE IN CANTON, OHIO! 3 DAYS TILL OPENING, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/TU43E1EC95E3
, 3 more DAYS UNTILL WE UNLEASH THE WORLDS LONGEST HAUNTED HOUSE ON THE PUBLIC! Come opening night and get $5 dollars off!, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php?promo=Ohio%27s+Best+Haunt&step=intro

Buy tickets now AND SAVE ALMOST 50% HALF OF TICKETS IF YOU BUY BEFORE THE SEASON STARTS!, https://v2.interactiveticketing.com/tickets/t353_2011_factory_of_terror__110822ba5d/form_purchase.php?step=tickets

Limited Quanity BUY NOW! Save $10 on every ticket! ONLY AVAILABLE FOR THE NEXT FEW DAYS!!!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic
Watch this! See what happened to Mahoning Industrial Park to turn it into a Factory of Terror!, New spider finding his way into the the 3D part of the show., Tonight Only if you are one of the few lucky special guest, you will get a sneak peak into the "World's Longest Haunted House" Remember its from 7pm to 8pm only!, In exactly ONE WEEK we will be opening our doors for the first time this year! Who's Ready?, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic 
If you havent seen this yet, check out our 2011 trailer. Share and repost if you like what you see!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic
Check this out and share!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic, Check out our new trailer, and share it!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5FmB06ic&feature=share, Just released to the public, The trailer for the 2011 Halloween season at the Factory of Terror! Officially the Longest Haunted House in the World!, Property of Death Squad 6, Sources are saying that the video capture on this gruesome day should be released to the public soon, DEATH SQUAD 6, More leaked photos from the camera found on the sight of Mahoning Industrial Park. Property of the Death Squad!, Leaked photo from the FOT Trailer, releasing today at 3pm, More leaked photos, property of Death Squad 6! Make sure to check out the movie tomorrow at 3pm!, Another leaked photo from the trailer, be sure to check back tomorrow at 3pm to watch it!, Leaked photos taken from the trailer footage. More leaked photos tomorrow!, Leaked photos taken from the trailer footage., Leaked photos taken from the trailer footage., Leaked photos taken from the trailer footage., Leaked photos taken from the trailer footage., Shooting for our 2011 season trailer today, make sure you guys check it out Coming Soon!, Ladies and Gentleman, We now have 13 DAYS until we unleash the BEAST that is "THE FACTORY OF TERROR" Are you ready for 3796ft of pure Terror?, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DTdxRNzww0
If you havent seen it yet, check out our crew attempting the world record for "longest haunted attraction in the world"!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DTdxRNzww0, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DTdxRNzww0, Look for us tonight at First Friday! Well be beside Buzzbin Magazine teaming up with Marsino's Halloween Headquarters and handing out $5 dollars off coupons!, #fotohio that last photo was actually from Forsaken Haunted House., #fotohio  http://t.co/w1SCOtZ, #fotohio  http://t.co/b0C0Lpj, #fotohio hi, Late night at the Factory, World Record Holders!, null, Just a reminder to the newbie actors. The scare training for tonight is cancelled, we will see you sunday night!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iug92HWaD08
Pulled this one from the archives! Who knows we could be coming to give YOU a wicked wakeup call this season!, NEWBIE ACTORS! Another Scare training class tonight 6 to 8 pm. Dont Miss It!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM_pWSgzTBY
If you havent seen this yet, check out the FOT SQUAD invading First Friday!, Dont forget NEWBIE actors, another night of scare training starts tonight at 6pm, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM_pWSgzTBY
Yes we did invade First Friday! Check out all te fun we had entertainingh everyone at first friday., Thanks to everyone that came and got zombie makeup last night! There were a lot of zombies running around First Friday!, FOT VIDEO covering our First Friday experience coming shortly!, First Friday was zombietastic! Who had fun playing around with the FOT STAFF?, Cleaning up the "Death Squad" for First Friday., Tonight the Factory of Terror INVADES Cantons First Friday! Come and check out our tricked out ambulance the "The Death Squad 6" Get ZOMBIEFIED! for free by our talented makeup artist, and get a chance to win some awesome prizes!, Funny sticker found on an old desk., NEWBIE actor training!, Reminder: NEWBIE ACTORS! Scare Training starts tomorrow at 6pm sharp! Don't miss it!, In case you guys missed it, heres a video with our tricked out ambulance "Death Squad 6" Wanna check it out in person? COME SEE US THIS FRIDAY IN DOWNTOWN CANTON AT FIRST FRIDAY! We'll be giving away chances to win great prizes and our talented makeup artist will be on site doing FREE ZOMBIE MAKEUP!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Aprb4GKCj8, Who would be interested in watching a documentary about FOT showing what happens behind the scenes leading up to opening night?, Free Factory of Terror Wallpaper!, Come check out the "Death Squad 6" this coming First Friday! Our talented makeup artist will be on site to give free zombie makeup to our fans! We will also be giving out great prizes!, 2 MONTHS UNTIL OPENING DAY! Check out some reviews from last year., Another decommissioned animation, nick named "lunch lady" does anyone remember where she was hiding?, R.I.P Chainsaw pig man, you are being decommissioned and your parts will be used for new stuff. Does anyone remember where his home was?, Super Secret Sneak Peek into one of our new rooms in production!, Huge improvement to the mirror maze! It will never be the same! Any ideas what it is?, Hey actors volunteer job FOT POINTS up for grabs! We need a few volunteers for tomorrow to dismantle some old animations. CALL SCOTT IF YOUR INTERESTED!, Do you wanna be part of our acting force? GO TO FACTORYOFTERROR.net and apply! 18 and over please!, Wanna be part of the "Death Squad"? Our premier acting force at the Factory of Terror! Then go to www.factoryofterror.net and apply today and you'll get a chance to try out and maybe you'll be lucky enough to serve with the Death Squad!, 90 days untill opening day!, THE FACTORY OF TERROR WANTS YOU! Are you extremely big? very tiny? oddly shaped? or do you just love scaring the hell out of people? If so then follow this link and fill out the application, and we will set you up with an audition! Maybe you'll be the next addition to FOT Death Squad! 18 and over only please!

http://factoryofterror.net/about/employment/
, THE FACTORY OF TERROR WANTS YOU! Are you extremely big? very tiny? oddly shaped? or do you just love scaring the hell out of people? If so then follow this link and fill out the application, and we will set you up with an audition! Maybe you'll be the next addition to FOT Death Squad! 18 and over only please!

http://factoryofterror.net/about/employment/, Returning actors meeting!, Actors meeting today, if you plan on coming back this year be at FOT today at 3pm., New rooms going in! Who's afraid of spiders?, Removing old equipment isn't always easy!, Cleared props off of steel racking. Anyone want to buy some nice metal racking?, So the FOT crew had a great time at the Midwest Haunters Convention! Checked out some cool products, learned a lot at the seminars, and caught up with old friends and met some new ones!, null, This is a motion simulator called "last ride" you lay down in the coffin and airbags jolt the coffin back and forth set to an audio track and complete with fake scent and security camera to watch your friends inside, null, Would any of our fans be interested in an official FACTORY OF TERROR app?, Old skools hand! More watermelon application!, Final product. Less than five minutes to apply., Watermellon, Scott getting a watermelon applied to his head. This stuff beats latex! Easier to apply and it's alcohol based., null, The death squad loaded up., null, The whole crew!, Death Squad!, Front row parking for the Death Squad!, "Death Squad 6" en route to columbus for MHC., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Aprb4GKCj8&sns=fb
Lazers, lights, Foggers, Electronic Firecrackers, and a HUGE sound system! Check out the Death Squad Six our tricked out ambulance!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Aprb4GKCj8 Check out our new and improve ambulance, Death Squad 6! Share this video on your wall!, New video of our tricked out FOT AMBULANCE coming soon! It's all ready to take the crew down to Columbus for Midwest Haunters Convention!, Wall panels on their way to haunted Mentor., Check out this time lapse video of our build crew making wall panels!, Fot wall panel production facility., Something is lurking in this box patiently waiting for you until October! Can anyone guess what it is?, 4 Months until opening day!!!, Time for a tune up., Have a great Friday the 13th! From the Factory of Terror!, Is doing some major roof repairs., New security at The Factory of Terror!, Steph just after finishing the Boston Marathon. Way to go Steph!! http://t.co/FyuvEUU, null, null, Cleaning out the warehouse., New ticket booth for 2011 (Bottom 2 windows), last year's booth will be for VIP and internet sales only., null, These units are big., Installed new HVAC units for the offices yesterday., New 8' spider arrived today!! He will be housed at the Factory of Terror., Gutted corn stalk scene. Making way for a new design., null, null, Colonial Nursing Center -1st floor., null, Tickets for Saturday available. , null, On second thought, to schedule a date: email a request to fot1031@gmail.com.  Give the date requested and we will set it up.  Reference "Colonial Private Ghost Tour" in the subject line., People who have expressed and interest for a private night at Colonial will be receiving a friend request from John R. Eslich.  Accept the request and respond with the date you want.  I will follow to set up the event., Is anyone in the elevator?, Found a secret staircase in room 13., Anyone out there that wants to schedule their own private group for paranormal investigation let us know.  Try to get at least 10 people.  Private groups will can be accommodated during the week., For those who forget to print out the floor plan, we will have some printed out  available for your use., Additional Ghost Hunting dates will be posted this weekend.  We are deciding how many people at one time., Canton Paranormal Investigations will be at Colonial this Saturday.  They will be available to ask questions and talk ghost hunting., Join us for a ghost hunt -Saturday, January 22, 2011, Ghost Hunt.  Colonial Nursing Center.  First tour Saturday., With our new room designs we are in need of 10-15 old power tools these will be for decoration so they dont have to work. Any type will do and if they still have the cord attached its even better. Shoot us a comment if anyone has any old broken power tools that they would like to donate., Looking to ghost hunt Colonial Nursing Home.....Anyone interested?, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYpM4Otmf40, Which way do I go?, The Heartland Harvest -Dr. Novoa passing out some door prizes., null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYpM4Otmf40, Check out our 2010 season highlight video! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYpM4Otmf40, For all FOT employees the banquet is tonight at the fox and hound at 7pm!, So it begins... the renovations and improvements for next year have already started! But 2010 was one amazing season! So what did our fans like about the show? What didn't you like? Please write a review or leave a comment with your feedback we read everyone and take it into consideration! Be on the lookout for our 2010 Highlight video! You just might be in it! 347 days until we open  again :), null, null, Happy Halloween to everyone. Tonight is our final night of fun. Hope to see you. Doors open at 6:00., null, First person to find the parking attendant with the skull and bring it to the ticket booth will also recieve a $20 gift card to Olive Garden, First person to tell ticket booth how many tires are on both the ambulance and hearse will recieve a $20 gift card to Olive Garden, $20 gift card to the first person that has a photo next to the FOT motorcycle located at Marsino's (Beldon Village)., How many skulls are inside the Factory of Terror?, Bring in your ticket stub from any high school football game tonight and you could win a discount to Texas Roadhouse., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMH3PZ35kb8, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMH3PZ35kb8, I know everyone has been waiting and I'm glad to say that the Judgment Day in 3D spotlight video will be up tonight!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We are working on an awesome video with highlights from our best season ever 2010! Who's ready to see the show everyone's talking about? Last days to get there are this weekend Friday, Saturday, and Sunday! Don't miss your chance to walk thru 11 football fields of terror!!!, null, null, Photos ops taken at The Factory of Terror in Canton Ohio, Home of the Longest Haunted House on Earth., null, null, http://www.flickr.com/photos/factory_of_terror/sets/72157625221515928/, Thank you all of our Facebook Fans!!! We went from 850 fans to 6000 in under a month! We hope to see everyone at Cantons Premier Haunted Attraction tonight! The Factory of Terror! We open at 7pm! Get here asap!, Ask the Ticket Booth Saleswomen that "I just rode all the way from Texas, Where can I tie up my horse?" and receive a free baby blossom appetizer from Texas Roadhouse., Bring your ticket stub from any high school football game and win a gift card worth 10% off at Texas Roadhouse.  Winner every 1/2 hour., Receive $1 off any appetizer at the Hide-A-Way Grille when wearing your FOT wristband., Bring in a receipt from Quaker Steak and recieve $5 gas card when purchasing a ticket.  2 prizes available -first one before 8:00 and first one after 9:00., Take a picture of our banner located at Kelly Ave and Triplett (Akron, OH) and win a $20 gift card to Olive Garden.  First person to show ticket booth wins., What year was Apllebee's established?  First correct answer wins a $10 gift card to Applebees's., Stop by Marsinos' Halloween Headquarters and take a pic of the FOT Harley.  Show it to the ticket booth and you could win a $20 gift card to Olive Garden., Win a gas card -tell the ticket booth that your feet stink because you just ran through a pumpkin patch with your shoes off.  One winner every hour!  Wash those feet!, null, is looking for a date to Zombie Prom....October 28th at Fiddlestix Billard Cafe., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, http://brsq.org/article/freaked-out-at-the-factory-of-terror/, is in need of the current issue of Scene Magazine.  The first 2 people to bring one to the ticket booth will get a free appetizer coupon to Texas Roadhouse (Stow location only).  Both winners can not be from same group., Win a free $20 gift card to Olive Garden! Free -Visit Quaker Steak (across from the strip) and take a pic of "the bride of Frankenstein". Show the pic while purchasing a ticket and you win! Limit 1, first person wins., null, Win a $20 gift certificate for the Hide-A-Way Grill !! The Hide-A-Way offers buffalo burgers, fish, and pasta and is walking distance from the Factory. To win ---stop by Marsinos Halloween Headquarters and take a picture next to the Factory of Terror Harley motorcycle. The first person to buy a ticket and show the photo will win the prize., null, null, $20 gift card to Olive Garden! Free - to win, visit Quaker Steak (across from the strip) and take a pic of "the bride of Frankenstein". Show the pic while purchasing a ticket and you win! Limit 1, first person wins., Why did the zombie cross the road?, Check out News Channel 5 at the Factory of Terror!
http://www.newsnet5.com/dpp/lifestyle/holiday/factory-of-terror-provides-industrial-sized-fright, http://www.cantonrep.com/carousel/x1767883770/Coming-Friday-in-Ticket-State-of-the-art-spookhouse, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dY_JBCSFreo, null, null, http://www.worldamazingrecords.com/2010/10/longest-walk-through-horror-house.html, null, null, null, null, Check out the Spotlight on Ohio's only Haunted Mirror Maze! THE PORTAL TO INSANITY!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dY_JBCSFreo, Be sure to check out our Spotlight on Ohio's only haunted mirror maze "Portal to Insanity" it will be live soon!, Win a $20 gift certificate for the Hide-A-Way Grill !! The Hide-A-Way offers buffalo burgers, fish, and pasta and is walking distance from the Factory.  To win ---stop by Marsinos Halloween Headquarters and take a picture next to the Factory of Terror Harley motorcycle.  The first person to buy a ticket and show the photo will win the prize., Be sure to check out the "Ticket" in this Friday's Repository! They are doing the main story on THE FACTORY OF TERROR!, null, We just broke 4000 fans! Thanks to all of our facebook followers we are so ahead of our competition!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, More awesome videos from this weekend coming soon!, The first person to ask the ticket booth "What do you feed the skeletons" will win a prize., Stop by the Hide-A-Way restaurant your way to FOT tonight and take a photo of yourself with your cell phone under the buffalo head and win a gift card. (Hide-A-Way is two doors down from us)., Have your Halloween props or costume yet?  FOT is giving a $10 gas card to the first person to show up and buy a ticket who has a receipt from one of marsino's Halloween Headquarters stores. Receipt must be dated today., null, null, null, null, Come get your pic taken!  This photo op is available to anyone who dares., Quick trailer for our Massacre on Mahoning show., Is it anyone's birthday today?  Happy birthday to the first person to purchase a ticket today on their birthday...I have a $10 gas card for you., wants to know: For those of you who visited while we had bands performing, was it a nice touch, or an annoying distraction? We want your opinion!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtV-VZjkF7M, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtV-VZjkF7M, null, Thanks to all our fans! We just broke 3000 fans in under a couple weeks!, Check out this about "Massacre on Mahoning"! Share the link if you like it!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGy1ti2qeXY, New videos coming soon!, null, null, null, null, null, null, BEHIND THE SCENES AT THE FACTORY OF TERROR, wonders if any customers have photos from our haunt to share. We love to see things from your perspective...., null, null, null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzzduYSlWJg, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, $8 OFF tonight !!! If you are still wearing your wristband, get $8 off tonight.  Open at 6:00., null, null, null, null, null, We are INDOORS....so you will not get wet. Don't let the rain scare you.....that's our job., The first person who shows up and tells the ticket booth that you are being followed by one legged zombies will get one free ticket to the show., Caution: there is a crazy lady with an ax roaming around.....I can see blood on it!, null, null, null, null, null, null, found the chainsaw and will have the blades nice and sharp by tonight., http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DKU-Ak3SePuU&h=899c8, My pet spider is waiting for you. Be nice....he doesn't play well with others., Come and see me tonight!!, it may be a little early in the year, but The Factory of Terror will be having two outside fire pits going tonight.  Snow is just around the corner., is the World's Longest and wants to know who is afraid of underground pits., is the World's LONGEST indoor haunted house.  Come check out the biggest and the best!!!, Working on new set designs., If anyone is scared of spiders, do not come to the Factory...I don't
 want to call the ambulance again., Go to http://www.factoryofterror.net for Dates, Times, Special Offers and More info!

On August Friday the 13th The Factory of Terror broke the record for the longest haunted attraction in the world, watch this trailer of our new 2010 show and be sure to like, and share the video!

Produced by: Zack Yutzey, Just found an old ax buried in one of our pits. I'm getting it out now and going to sharpen it for the next 30 hours -it will be good and ready for tomorrow night!!, has some awesome wallpaper images available on the web site.  Get into the halloween spirit and download one today., check out the TERROR were bringing in our 2010 season with the worlds longest haunted house!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfPq2_aCgJ0, Check out our trailer video for our 2010 show! like it and share it on your page!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfPq2_aCgJ0, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfPq2_aCgJ0, null, has found the metal file and is sharpening the chainsaw blades........, is in need of a good, used refrigerator after one incredible opening weekend. Our concession stand could use a replacement, but all of our other units are holding victims..... Let us know if you have one to get rid of. (Warning: Your help does NOT protect you from the TERROR that lurkes within...), believes nothing is sweeter than the smell of fear...., Hey guys,,,,, where is that remote?....you know....the one that locks all the doors, so no one can get out!!, will be clocking in it's first shift of horror for the season in less than 7 hours!!!, is ready to PAY anyone who can make it though the World's Longest Haunted House...I dare you to try!  Leave your high heals in your closest, this is no easy journey., 1......2......we're coming for you.......3.....4......better lock your door........, The creatures of the Factory are starting to awaken., Let the countdown begin...only five more days!! 
We open this Friday the 24th at 7pm, and we can not wait to scare you!, Had an awesome time celebrating First Friday downtown Canton last night! We brought our top-notch makeup artists who spent hours painting up everyone and anyone. We also set up our laundry room scene for photo opportunities and displayed our newly wrapped ambulance. We'd like to say thanks to our excellent crew of artists and actors, Associated Graphix, and of course, our fans!, met a TON of fabulous potential employees to add to our family at "The World's Longest Indoor Haunted House"! Thanks to everyone who came out and auditioned today... and thanks to all of our current employees who showed up and helped out. We may be large in size, but we're GREAT because of all of you!, We got the official word today....we are Guinness World Record holders for the World's Longest Haunted House!! We're not sure it has completely sunk it yet, but we are EXCITED!!!!! Be sure to look for more information soon...., Check it out!!!! We're bringing Guinness to Canton, Ohio!!! Thanks to everyone to helped make this happen. We love our crew and fans!, is SO excited that tomorrow is Friday the 13th!!!! And...as expected, we are up to no good. It's going to be hard to sleep tonight! More details to follow....., is in search of unique skills, talents, and physical characteristics to work in our amazing 2010 show! Fit the description? Fill out our application form at www.factoryofterror.net., is so so so excited!!!! Halloween Headquarters has their signs up at their Thursday's Plaza location. Forget Back-to-School....
It's Back-to-Ghoul time!!!, loves Canton, Ohio! Be sure to come downtown on First Friday and check out what our favorite (and THE BEST) sand sculpture, Laurie Tournoux will be creating next. All the fun happens on the corner lot at Fourth and Court!, Midwest Haunters Convention has been over for a week and a half now. Yet, we are still talking about how much FUN we had. It was great to see all of our fellow haunters and friends. We really enjoyed the workshop with Bad Boyz on Sunday, and most of all...we LOOOOOVED having everyone at the Factory of Terror on Wednesday night! Thank you to everyone involved in the planning and operations. We were sad to see it end!, In 2008, we brought you Ohio's only haunted mirror maze. In 2009, we opened our 3D attraction and promised a new (4th) haunt for 2010. At this moment, our highly talented carpenters, designers, masons (and more) are putting together what we affectionately call "Industrial Nightmare", our 4th haunted attraction. We have a master plan, but we're curious: what would YOU like to see in our new haunt? Share!, Friends of the Factory of Terror create these custom props to entertain. The set of three "singers" were one of the most popular booths at Transworld in St. Louis. Check it out and you'll see why!, null, Open Tonight  Tickets start selling at 7 and we quit selling tickets at 10 you can also go to the site and buy tickets there, Open Tonight  Tickets start selling at 7 and we quit selling tickets at 10 you can also go to the site and buy tickets there, We open tonight for once again another Scartastic Weekend Hope to see you there tickets Start selling at 7 or you can ordar them online if you visit are site, We open tonight for once again another Scartastic Weekend Hope to see you there tickets Start selling at 7 or you can ordar them online if you visit are site at www.factoryofterror.net  ......Thanks, We open on friday at 7 o'clock, Recovering from another Scartastic Weekend And counting down for the next hope you join us!, Once again another Scartastic Weekend at the Factory Of Terror Is Over Now Just Count down till next weekend!!!, Come visit us tonight we start selling tickets at 7 and end at 10 Come check us out At the one and only canton haunted attraction The Factory Of Terror Were screaming is only the Beginning, Come visit us tonight we start selling tickets at 7 and end at midnight Come check us out At the one and only canton haunted attraction The Factory Of Terror Were screaming is only the Beginning, Come visit us tonight we start selling tickets at 7 and end at midnight Come check us out At the one and only canton haunted attraction The Factory Of Terror Were screaming is only the Beginning, Check out our newly created facebook page theres pictures and Are wicked wake up call video Comment them tell us what you think and remeber We are Open for another scartastic weekend So come Visit The Factory Of Terror Were Screaming is only the beginning!, The factory of terror Wakes up someone out of a dead sleep with our very own Chainsaw guy.....There will be more we will post them up when we can, Check out the page we have all pictures from the monster tryouts and making of to All the actors and the inside of the haunted houses Factory of Terror is the only true haunted attraction in ohio with an all new 3D Maze and the wicked mirror maze to the newly updated Massacar on mahoning We are open and ready for you to enter IF YOU DARE, If you want Check out the page there are all new Pictures of the 2009 season and behind the seens pictures of building the new 3D Judgementday haunted house......Thanks, If you want Check out the page there are all new Pictures of the 2009 season and behind the seens pictures of building the new 3D Judgementday haunted house......Thanks, Thank you to all are fans Of the One and only canton Haunted attraction  The Factory Of Terror And We want you to spread this page along to friends and get it out and about it will help us......Thank You All, null, This Weekend Is coming sooner and sooner COme And Visit us if i Dare, Come Check us out 2nite We open at 7 and sop selling tickets at 10, check out the first Wicked Wake up call, Open For another Scartastic Weekend!!Hope to see you there, Open For another Scartastic Weekend!!Hope to see you there, Open @nite For Another Scartastic Weekend Hope to see you there, Opening Again for a Scartastic Weekend on FRIDAY hope to see you there if you dare....., Opening Again for a Scartastic Weekend on FRIDAY hope to see you there if you dare....., Opening weekend went Great Hopfully you can make it out to the next opening day On Friday Thanks to all that visited us this weekend, Opening weekend went Great Hopfully you can make it out to the next opening day On Friday Thanks to all that visited us this weekend, Opening weekend went Great Hopfully you can make it out to the next opening day On Friday Thanks to all that visited us this weekend, OPENING NIGHT!!! Hope to see you there we open at 7!, Opening Night is 2mrw Fans Hope to See you There, Opening Night is 2mrw Fans Hope to See you There, Opening Night is @mrw Fans Hope to See you There, 2mrw is OPENING NIGHT FANS, Opening weekends this friday Come check out the All new 3d haunted house and the remodaled haunting on Mahoning haunted house Comment the page tell use what you think, Opening weekends this friday Come check out the All new 3d haunted house and the remodaled haunting on Mahoning haunted house Comment the page tell use what you think, Season Opener This WEEKEND!!!, Comment anything on the Page Tell us wat you think, Comment anything on the Page Tell us wat you think, Comment anything on the Page Tell us wat you think, Comment anything on the Page Tell us wat you think, Comment any of the pictures let use know what you think and Remeber opening weekend is this Friday!, comment any of the pictures let use know what you think and Remeber opening weekend is this Friday!, Comment Any Of the Pictures Let Us know what you think of Our place And Hopfully You'll come visit us This coming friday and any other day we are open Check out the site for more info or send a message or comment! See you soon, null, Comment Any Of the Pictures Let Us know what you think of Our place And Hopfully You'll come visit us This coming friday and any other day we are open Check out the site for more info or send a message or comment! See you soon, comment on any of the the Pictures let use know what you think and Come Visit us Thhis coming Frieday on opening night!!!, Press Night..............and V.I.P, Haha See You Soon!, Cant Wait Opening Day is coming Sooner and Sooner, See You September 25!!!, Is the only truly haunted attraction Around, 2 weekends away just 14 days away from opening night, You Scream I Scream We All SCREAM For Ice Cream!, You Scream I Scream We All SCREAM For Ice Cream!, Check Out are All new WebSite.......At factoryofterror.com, Check Out are All new WebSite.......At factoryofterror.com, We Are coming to you this year With a All new 3d haunted house come check it out if you dare on the 25, null)