List(Last minute Valentine's gift? Visit the shop today from 11-7, Sunday 12-5. 2257 Mass Ave, North Cambridge., Last chance for stocking stuffers & gifts!  We'll be closing Christmas Eve through the new year and reopening in early January.  Open today from 11:00 - 7:00., We've been busy making candy and our shelves are restocked. Come join us 11:00 - 9:00 today and tomorrow at 2257 Mass Ave Cambridge!, Day two of our Grand Opening celebration! Come join us 11:00 - 9:00 today at 2257 Mass Ave Cambridge., Grand Opening celebration today! Come by 11:00 - 9:00 today at 2257 Mass Ave Cambridge., We're now officially OPEN (for a soft open tonight until 10:00) at 2257 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!, SWEET HISTORY!  Here is a sneak peek at our 40 piece candy museum showcasing the Boston confectioneries of yesteryear!  The collection will grow, but we are off to a great start., Somerville Winter Farmers Market opening day!, It's finally happening.  Store opening date announced!, Last chance for thanksgiving sweets!  Melrose/Wakefield Winter Market today.  11:00 -3:00., Get your Thanksgiving treats at the Union Square Farmers Market today!, Thanks to Scout Cambridge and writer Emily Cassel for this great write up about the new shop., Thank you awesome friends!!  The 8 of us spent 4 hours cleaning the shop from top to bottom.  They literally saved me a full week's worth of labor., null, Signage Done!  Before & After pic below - forgive the paper in the windows, as that will be coming down soon.  The lettering was hand cut and painted by me and my dad :), KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN FUNDED!!  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1334039013/spindler-confections-expansion-project/posts/1391993, Here is a virtual tour of the shop under construction.  Still a ways to go, but it's getting there.  Please continue to spread the word about our KICKSTARTER.  We just have $1,500.00 to go, but only 12 days to do it!  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1334039013/spindler-confections-expansion-project, KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN for EXPANSION at 71%!!!  I send my biggest thanks to everyone that has contributed.  Please keep spreading the word; we still have $2,900 to go.  Checkout the campaign below!, Now using Atlantic Saltworks sea salt!  It's harvested right up in Gloucester.  http://atlanticsaltworks.com/, Fluffernutter Pumpkins & Fluff Cups!  Today only in honor of Fluff Fest.  Limited quantities!!  3-7 in Union Square.  What the Fluff? A Tribute to Union Square Invention, Fluff Fest today! 3-7 in UnionSquare!  Come partake in the craziness, KICKSTARTER UPDATE:  32% in less than 24 hours!

Click on the full update below for a preview of 4 pieces that will be in my little Boston Candy Making Museum!, KICKSTARTER LAUNCHED on this glorious first day of Fall!

Help spread the word by sharing my project with friends and family.  I am in the midst of the build-out for the store at 2257 Mass. Ave., but I could use your help raising the last remaining $$ to help ensure that we open by the Holiday Season.

I am so excited for this!

Check out my video and rewards here: 
 
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1334039013/spindler-confections-expansion-project, Spindler Confections now has a YELP page!  If you have tried our products please take a minute and share your experience.  The store isn't opened just yet, but it should be open by mid December.  Here is the link:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/spindler-confections-cambridge, Enjoy the early fall weather at the Natick Farmes Market today., Check out our latest write up in Boston Eater!  http://boston.eater.com/2015/9/2/9247261/spindler-confections-storefront-north-cambridge-winter-2015, MORE PRESS about the expansion!  https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/08/29/tables/nbzRQfMWxxjpzLIwqJJCjO/story.html, Peanut Butter Cups, Cookie Butter Cups, and more at Union Square Farmers Market., Check out this great little write up about Spindler Confections! Thank you to Marc Levy for the story.
http://www.cambridgeday.com/2015/08/22/with-anticipation-of-spindler-confections-small-candy-district-takes-shape-by-porter/, Pate de Fruits, Cookie Butter Cups, and Peanut Butter Cups are back!  Come to the Watertown Farmer's Market today, or Union Square & SOWA this weekend., At Union Square Farmers Market and SOWA this weekend.  Come sample some sweets., At Natick Farmers Market today from 9-1 on the common.  Caramels, chocolates, and more!, We have been GRANTED our SPECIAL PERMIT!  If all goes as planned we'll be opening up our new retail & production space at 2257 Mass Ave in North Cambridge in Late Fall/Early Winter.  More info in the coming months.  

I'd like to extend a special thank you to the North Cambridge Neighborhood Association, and all the wonderful residents and businesses in North Cambridge for their support.  An extra special shout out to my amazing customers whom attended the meeting tonight to voice their support., At Belmont farmers market today.  2-6:30 in Belmont Center.  Come enjoy the gorgeous day!, Chocolates, caramels, brittles, pate de fruits at the Natick Farmers Market!  Enjoy the gorgeous morning., Opening day for the Belmont Farmers Market!  2-6:30, Belmont Center, parking lot behind the old Macy's., Watertown Farmers Market opening day this Thursday!, At SOWA today.  Come shop early before the rain hits!  10:00 to 4:00, 530 Harrison Avenue in the south end., At SOWA today from 10-4.  Come sample the sweetness., At Natick Farmers Market till 1 today.  Stop by and pick up a treat!, Greetings Patrons!

As some of you may now I am in the process of moving Spindler Confections into 2257 Massachusetts Avenue in North Cambridge.  However, I need to seek a special zoning permit because of the nature of my business (production and packaging of confectionery, as opposed to production of baked goods, or general restaurant use – both of which are permitted outright.  

Please send a short letter of support to SpindlerConfections@gmail.com if you’d like to see this happen.  The space will work perfectly for my expansion, will provide a retail space so that you won’t have to hunt me down at Farmers Markets, and it is the perfect size for a cozy production space.  Everything will still be done completely by hand, it’s just time to get the operation out of my home!

It would be particularly helpful to have statements from Cambridge & Somerville residents in the North Cambridge/Davis Square neighborhoods.  If you can include your name and neighborhood that would be great!  

Thanks so much for your help and I look forward to hearing from you!

Here is a pic of the proposed space (it will be spruced up A LOT!), Announcing our summer line up of Farmers Markets!  

We'll be at Assembly Square, Dedham, Natick, SOWA, Union, and Watertown this summer.  Visit http://www.spindlerconfections.com/ for the exact dates (mostly every other week at each market).  

Don't forget your Mother's day treats!  Order online or visit at a market :), Last day at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market.  9:30-2 at the Armory.  We'll be back for lots of the summer markets., Spindler Confections is excited to announce that we will be joining over 25 local restaurants, bakeries, breweries, and wine shops at @NARAL Pro-Choice Massachusetts’ annual event Chocolate Madness on April 28! Don’t miss out on being one of over 500 pro-choice supporters sampling chocolate, cheese, and drinks from all over Greater Boston. Get your ticket today! www.chocolatemadness.org, Come sample some Orange Dream caramels made with Fluff. Back at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today., Back at the Somerville Winter Market today.  More snow coming, so get your comfort foods now!, If you can't make the Somerville Winter Market on Saturday the 14th be sure to order you Valentine's day sweets online by Tuesday Feb. 10th to ensure they arrive in time., what's that? Another two feet of snow coming? Better get to the armory and stock up on sweets for you and you honey!  Local is For Lovers Market today from 10-3.  Q's nuts is here too, and tons of wonderful artists., LIFL Valentine's Day Market!  Sunday Feb. 8th at the Armory., Super Bowl Treats at the Somerville Winter Market today!  9:30-2:00, Arts at the Armory, 191 Highland Ave.  New Chocolate Assortments!, White Chocolate Orange Almond Caramel? Yep, that's right. Available now in a new six piece assortment. See below for more info.
https://madmimi.com/s/983fc5, Like awesome beer and RedBones BarBQ? Come to the Dinosaur Annex 40th Anniversary Celebration at Aeronaut Brewery this coming Sunday.

$25.00 in advance, $30.00 at the door.

Raffle and Silent auction includes items from Fastachi, Q's Nuts, Savenor's, Dullock Butcher Shop, Spindler Confections, Magpie Gifts, Davis Squared, Winston Flowers, Razor's Barber Shop, and more!, Somerville winter market today. 9:30-2:00.  Pate de fruits are back! Melrose/Wakefield market on Sunday., Back at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today.  Brave the cold and sample some brittles. Here at the Armory till 2:00., Last minute gifts & stocking stuffers needed?  Some items are sold out, but I still have lots of stock, so send me a message or give me a call.  Orders can be picked up before the 25th., Wooden crate assortment!  $50.00.  Supplies limited!!   Somerville Winter Farmers Market ends at two., Table is set!  Somerville winter market today from 9:30 to 2. 191 highland ave., THERE IS STILL TIME!  Two markets this weekend:  1.  Somerville Winter Farmers Market, 191 Highland Avenue, Saturday 9:30 - 2:00.  2.  Sally Frank's Farmers' Market, 590 Main Street, Melrose, Sunday 12:00 - 4:00.  

Last minute gifts, stocking stuffers, treats for the holiday table!  
- Caramels
- Brittles
- Pate de Fruits
- Covered Caramels
- Caramel Nut Clusters
- Chocolate Caramel Pretzels

Prices from $2.00 to $60.00

HAPPY HOLIDAYS!, Local is for Lovers Holiday Market.  Sunday Dec. 14th 10:00 - 4:00 at the Armory.  191 Highland Avenue, Somerville.  

There is still time to have your candies shipped too!  Must order by Tuesday Dec. 15th in order to receive your purchase by the 25th., Article about Spindler Confections in the Boston Globe today!!, COOKIE BUTTER CUPS!  Somerville Winter Farmers Market, today till 2:00., Somerville Winter Farmers Market starts this Saturday!, Place your orders by Dec. 10th to ensure holiday arrival, or visit at one of my 4 upcoming holiday markets.  See homepage of website for details., One more day in the SWEET FRIDAY deal.  Use promo code SWEET FRIDAY at checkout for 10% off at https://squareup.com/market/spindler-confections. Valid Fri. Nov. 28 - Mon. Dec. 1. Online only., wintergreen market 10-3 at the armory today.  Holiday gifts, jewelry, sweets, and more!  191 highland ave. Somerville., SWEET FRIDAY begins today!  Use promo code SWEET FRIDAY at checkout for 10% off at https://squareup.com/market/spindler-confections. Valid Fri. Nov. 28 - Mon. Dec. 1. Online only., Use promo code SWEET FRIDAY at checkout for 10% off at https://squareup.com/market/spindler-confections.  Valid Fri. Nov. 28 - Mon. Dec. 1.  Online only., Last chance for Thanksgiving treats!  Union Square Market Saturday 9:00-1:00.  Sally Frank Market in Melrose Sunday 12:00 - 4:00., Thanks to all of you for your recent "likes"!  Keep in mind, there are still opportunities to get thanksgiving sweets:  Union Square Farmers Market this Saturday, and the Sally Frank Market in Melrose on Sunday.  Visit spindlerconfections.com for more info., I'll be at the Worcester "Winter Wonderland" in early November.  Come check it out!  More info below., FLUFF FEST TOMORROW!!!!!  3:00 - 7:00 Union Square Somerville., Fluff Fest Saturday Sept. 27th, Union Square!  FLUFF CUPS WILL BE BACK.  They go fast though, so get there early., It's Festival Season!  RIVERFEST - Saturday 11:00 - 8:00, Assembly Square, Somerville.  FLUFF FEST - Saturday September 27th, 3:00 - 7:00, Union Square Somerville. http://www.assemblyrow.com/#play, Dedham Farmer's Market - Wednesday 12 - 6.  670 High Street, Dedham.  Celebrate the last days of summer with a sweet treat!  http://www.dedhamsquarecircle.org/index.cfm/pid/10554, APPLE CIDER CARAMELS are back!!   Assembled Market today from 11:00 - 4:00.  Assembly Square, Somerville., 9 Days until the my first market of the Fall Season!  Assembled at Assembly square - August 30th.  Visit my website for a full list of market dates.  https://www.facebook.com/events/730100900394298/, Providing caramels as a treat for attendees to the 10th anniversary party for Razor's Barbershop.  Free admission and cash bar.  For all you fellas out there, If you haven't had their full service shave you are missing out!, FINAL MARKET OF THE SEASON.  Assembled at Assembly Square 11:00 - 3:00, Saturday June 27th.  

Don't frett.  I'll still be producing all summer long, just via special order only (that includes custom favors).  July and August are a bit too hot for me and it allows for some down time to prepare for the crazy Fall season.

So, this will be my final market until early September.  Come stock up on caramels and brittles.  Very small selection of chocolates as well.  

See you tomorrow!, At the Watertown Farmers Market yesterday!, Enjoy the beautiful day at the Somerville Food Truck Festival!  11:00 - 4:00 at Assembly Row. 

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/06/05/food-truck-festivals-in-new-england-and-boston/, Treat your Dad to the Big Box Assortment! $27.50

Nineteen ounces of sweet goodness. The simple white box includes 6 ounces of Assorted Caramels, 7.5 ounces of Assorted Brittles, and 5.5 ounces of Assorted Pate de Fruits.

Order via email at Spindlerconfections@gmail.com for pickup, or visit at one of the following markets listed on my homepage:  SpindlerConfections.com, Check out the SOWA Market this Sunday from 10:00 - 4:00.  500 Harrisson Avenue, Boston.  

Special Big Box Assortments for Father's Day:
19 Ounces of assorted caramels, brittles, and pate de fruits for $27.50.  

, Happy Mother's Day!  SOWA market today from 10-4. 500 Harrison ave, Boston., Pate de Fruits for Easter!, Some wonderful press from Something GUD.  If you can't make it to the markets they'll deliver the market to you!, Custom Favors for your wedding or special event!, Easter is coming!  Add some local sweets to your basket.  Visit www.spindlerconfections.com to place your holiday order., Last day for the Somerville Winter Farmers Market! 9:30 - 2:00. Door prizes too!  Don't miss out., Farm Share Fair Thursday from 5:30 - 8:30 at Cambridge College.  Scout out farms to sign up for your CSA, and while you are at it get a treat. , Setting up at the Davis Flea! Today 10-4 at the armory. Jewelry, clothes, furniture, sweet treats, n more., Brighten your day with some fresh peanut butter fudge! Somerville Winter Farmers Market today, Davis Flea tomorrow., Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow - 9:30 - 2:00.  Will also be at the Davis Vintage Flea Market on Sunday.  Both events at the armory - 191 Highland Avenue., Hey folks.  Come to the Vintage Flea this Sunday!  Clothes, furniture, much more, and of course sweets!, null, Get your sweets for the Oscars!, Fresh batch of pate de fruits today! Come taste spring at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market 9:30-2:00., Somerville Winter Farmers Market today 9:30-2:00.  Veggies, meat, baked goods, jams, music, and of course...sweets!, Still time for Valentine's Day Chocolate Covered Caramels!  Place your order by midnight tonight and receive them by Friday via Priority Mail. MILK CHOC VANILLA CARAMEL, DARK CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CARAMEL, WHITE CHOCOLATE MAPLE CARAMEL :) 

4 Pc - $7.00
6 Pc. - $12.00
12 Pc. - $19.00, LIFL today! 10-3 at the armory. Get your valentine's sweets., Two V-Day Markets this Weekend.  1) JP Winter Market and 2) Local is for Lovers (info below).  See you there!, LOCAL IS FOR LOVERS Valentine's Day market!  This Sunday from 10:00 - 3:00 at the Armory.  I'll have Dark, Milk, and White Chocolate Covered Caramels in addition to my usual items.  
 
There will be Crafters, Specialty Foods, Music, Knucklebones for the kids, and Beer Tasting!!, VALENTINE'S DAY CHOCOLATES!  Milk, Dark, and White Chocolate Caramels and many other treats.  Somerville Winter Farmers Market 9:30 - 2:00 Saturday February 1st., Fresh peanut butter fudge today! Sweet, smooth, and creamy. Somerville Winter Farmers Market 9:30 - 2:00., Sweets & Treats at the Somerville Winter Market.  Saturday from 9:30 to 2:00!, Somerville Winter Farmers Market today! Brave the cold from 9:30-2:00., null, Somerville Winter Market SATURDAY DEC. 21st, 9:30 - 2:00.  Veggies, breads, meat, dairy, and SWEETS for your Holiday Dinner.  191 Highland Avenue, Somerville, MA, STILL TIME FOR HOLIDAY SWEETS!  Visit at one of my upcoming markets (see www.SpindlerConfections.com).  Or place your order online at https://squareup.com/market/spindler-confections.  Orders to be shipped must be placed by Wed. Dec. 18th and will be shipped via priority mail., Large selection of Caramels & Brittles now available at Violette Gluten Free Bakery!  http://violettegf.com/  Check it out, and while you are there try some of their amazing gluten free baked goods., Somerville Winter Market - Opening Day Today!!  9:30 - 2:00 at the Armory.  191 Highland Avenue, Somerville Winter Farmers Market, null, The Boston Christmas Festival is this weekend!  Get your discount ticket here:  http://bostonchristmasfestival.com/discount-coupon.html.  I'll be there all three days with lots of treats for the coming holidays., null, Boston Book Festival - this coming Saturday, October 19th! 10:00 to 5:00, Copley Square Boston., Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow, 9-1.  Davis Flea on Sunday, 10 - 4.  See you there!, 5.5 hours till FLUFF!  https://unionsquaremain.org/fluff-festival/, I'll be there with fluff candies in hand., Don't let the rain make your sweet tooth sad.  Come to the Davis Flea Sunday from 10:00 - 4:00!  Rain or Shine the market will go on., RIVERFEST is tomorrow:  11:00 - 8:00 at Assembly Row, Somerville.  Music, Food, Fireworks, and Crafts!, I'll be at the Cambridge Open Market today from 11:30 - 5:30.  1 Oxford Street, Harvard Square.  

Try some new Jack O' Lantern Chocolates: milk chocolate ganache with pumpkin puree & a blend of nutmeg, cinnamon, clove, and ginger.  Oh, and of course BRANDY!  What good is chocolate without a bit of liquor., Spindler Confections is the featured artist for September at Magpie in Davis Square.  They are offering 10% off my products for the month, so be sure to stop in., TWO MARKETS THIS WEEKEND!  

1.  ASSEMBLED, Saturday from 11:00 to 4:00, Assembly Square Somerville.  

2. THE DAVIS FLEA, Sunday from 10:00 to 4:00, 52 Holland Street, Somerville.     http://www.thedavisflea.com/Home.html

New flavors of Pate de Fruits - Apricot, Kiwi, Apple, and Plum.  I'll also have some mollasses, coffee, coconut, and apple cider caramels, in addition to my regular items., Chocolate Covered Caramels & Pretzels now at Olives & Grace!

Also, I'll be at "Assembled:  The Handmade Arts Market at Assembly Row" Saturday August 31st, September 7th, and 21st & back at the Davis Flea starting September 22nd., Been using the basement for working on the new Display Table for my upcoming indoor markets., This year's Pate de Fruits will include Berry and Stone fruit from Tougas Family Farm in Northborough!  I handpicked the blueberries myself.  More to come.

http://www.tougasfarm.com/, I received my Wholesaler's License in the mail yesterday!  Have any stores you would like to see my products in?  If so, let me know and I'll be sure to contact them., Peanut Butter Fudge, & NEW flavors of caramels at the Davis Flea on Sunday the 16th.  Almond, Coconut, Coffee, and Molasses!  I also have a few 8 flavor assortment boxes of caramels, pate de fruits, and brittles.  10:00 to 4:00.  http://www.thedavisflea.com/Directions.html, Need Father's day gifts?  I'll be a guest vendor at the Union Square Market tomorrow from 9:00 till 1:00.  The market happens rain or shine, but let's hope for sun regardless., I'll be at the Davis Flea tomorrow from 10:00 to 4:00.  Come check it out! See below for more details.  It's in the City Parking lot near Au Bon Pain., I had a great time at the Brandeis Festival of the Arts yesterday.  Thank you to all of my new customers!, Local is for Lovers - TODAY!  Come celebrate Spring with goods from local vendors.  Arts at the Armory, 11:00 - 5:00.  Food, crafts, jewelry, clothes, & kid's activities.

See additional dates for upcoming markets below:, Hello friends! Come out to the Local is for Lovers 2.0 Market on April 14th. 35 vendors, including Spindler Confections, will be there from 11:00 - 5:00. Food, crafts, gifts, clothes, all sorts of wonderfully local things!, Quick reminder:  I'll be at the SWM tomorrow from 9:30 to 2:00.  Caramels, Brittles, Pate de Fruits, and lots of CHOCOLATE!, GOOD NEWS!  Spindler Confections will be at this Saturday's Winter Market once more!  Last minute Easter Candy?  No problem., Spindler Confections at the Somerville Winter Market today.  9:30 - 2:00
https://www.facebook.com/SomervilleWinterFarmersMarket, Farm Share Fair TODAY!  5:30 - 8:30 P.M. at Cambridge College.  I'll be there along with a slew of other vendors and farmers.  Come check it out:  http://farmsharefair.com/, Three markets coming up.  Stock up for Easter!  See link below for more details., I am super excited to be heading out to the Farm Share Fair on Thursday, March 14th. Join me and all the other vendors from 5:30-8:30 pm at Cambridge College, 1000 Mass Ave, in Cambridge. Meet the fantastic farmers from across this state and learn about all the great local CSA or Farm Share programs.  And then treat yourself to something sweet., Fruit Jellies.  VEGAN!, Somerville Winter Market tomorrow.  February 23rd, 9:30 - 2:00 at the Armory.  Caramels, Brittles, Chocolates, Jellies!, I'll be providing goodies for the V.I.P.s at the "Amore at the Armory" fundraiser.  Check it our here and get your tickets soon - they are limited!  http://artsatthearmory.org/Events/EventsCalendar/tabid/80/vw/3/ItemID/829/d/20130216/Default.aspx, Somerville Winter Market tomorrow!  Stop by, say hi, eat sugar - yum!, Gearing up for this Saturday's Market at the Armory.  Fruit Jelly assortments, and an expanded Valentines Chocolate selection are in the works., Spindler Confections gets another write-up in the Somerville Cafe Blog!, 25% Off Post Holiday Sale!  Stock up for your New Years Bash!, Thanks to everyone for another great day at the Somerville Winter Market!  If you would still like some stocking stuffers or gifts let me know.  I still have plenty of bags and boxes in stock.

Thanks,
Jeremy, HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!  Once again, come visit me at the winter market tomorrow, Saturday Dec. 22 from 9:30 to 2:00.  See my promo below for more details about what products I will have to offer.  Have a wonderful holiday and an awesome new year!, Spindler Confections gets a mention in the Boston Globe!  Short, but sweet., null, Holiday orders are piling up!  I'll begin the candy-making sprint tomorrow morning.  I have also been preparing for the Winter Market on Dec. 22nd at the armory.  Lots of Stocking Stuffers, new flavors of Fruit Jellies, and Sampler Boxes to come!, Thank you to all of you who stopped by the markets this weekend.  I could not have asked for a better first experience.  It was a ton of work, and Jeff and I are thoroughly worn out, but meeting all of you made it totally worth it.  We are looking very forward to Dec. 22nd.  

Thanks and best wishes,

Jeremy & Jeff, Come visit me at the Somerville Winter Market!  I will be a guest vendor there on Saturday Dec. 1st, 15th, and 22nd.  The market is held at the Armory from 9:30 til 2:00., Dear Customers, 

Check out my Fall promo offer, and place your Thanksgiving order early., Spindler Confections gets a write-up in the Somerville Beat!, null, null, null, null, null, null)