List(New lunch specials!!, Our fully stocked bar is waiting for you., Stop by the bar and try a Zombie, if you dare..., Today is a great day to stay inside, enjoy the warmth of your home and get Bernard's delivered to your doorstep. Don't you think so?, We regret to announce that we are not able to provide our delivery service on Christmas and New Year's Eve due to high volume of in-house guests. Take-out will still be available. 

We hope you've made your reservations for the upcoming Holidays and we can't wait to see you. 

Happy and safe Holidays to all our wonderful customers, from everyone at Bernard's., Winter is officially here, but you want Chinese food. Not to worry! Call Us at 617-738-3388 and ask for delivery. Stay warm inside and wait for the doorbell to ring. Winter won't be that bad after all., Let Bernard's host your next big event., Come check out our bar, there's a seat waiting for you, null, Come have a Bikini Martini tonight!! They're amazing!, Sauté chicken with assorted vegetables in dark sauce, Help Bernard's Facebook page grow. Feel free to stop by the page, hit like and share so your friends can find out about us. If you're in the restaurant on your mobile phone, you can now check in on the Facebook App., For those that didn't know!, The weather out there is bitter, but that doesn't stop us from bringing delicious Chinese food to your door. So stay inside, stay warm, and let us deal with the cold. 

If you don't mind the cold. Come on out and join the crowd at Bernard's. Kitchen keeps cooking until 11pm., You know you don't want to go out but you know you want Chinese food. Call us and we'll have it at your door in 30 minutes or less. 617-738-3388, null, Not feeling this cold weather? It's ok, you don't have to leave the comfort of your warm home because Bernard's delivers. Call 617-738-3388 now and see your food 30 minutes later at your doorstep. 

Don't forget to hit like and share so your friends can find out about us too!, if you haven't seen the lunch specials, We're now starting deliveries at 5 o'clock!! If you're not in the mood to drive or it's raining out, but you're starving for some spectacular Chinese food, call Bernard's at 617-738-3388 and you'll see your food in half an hour or less! 

Don't forget to hit like and share so your friends can find out about us too!, Hey folks! Not feeling the rainy weather? Don't really feel like leaving your house? That's fine because Bernard's is delivering. So stay in and stay dry and call 617-738-3388 to have some delicious Chinese food delivered to your door, we go to Boston, Wellesley, West Roxbury, Watertown and everything in between., Guess what folks!? Bernard's is doing lunch specials again between 11:30am and 4:00pm, everyday!!!!! They're even less than $10!!

Get the Chicken with Basil on Rice for only $6.95!

The Beef with Lemongrass on Rice is also only $6.95!

There's also Grilled Chicken Teriyaki with Vegetables and Rice Noodles for only $7.95!!!

Lastly, there's the Shredded Chicken with Vegetables and Rice Soup for only $8.25. 

So stop on by Bernard's for lunch next time you're in the area and don't forget to hit like and share so your friends can find out about us too!, Are you thirsty from being at the beach all day? Come to Bernard's and sit at the bar. Cool off with delicious drinks and enjoy 3 big screen TVs., Are you hungry for some delicious Asian cuisine, or maybe want to come for a drink at the bar and watch the game? Come to Bernard's at The Street in Chestnut Hill, between City Sports and the Showcase SuperLux. The dining room is open Monday-Saturday from 11:30am-10:00pm and we continue to serve the full menu at the bar until 11:00pm. The dining room is open on Sunday from 12:00pm-9:00pm and we continue to serve the full menu at the bar until 10:00pm. 

Don't feel like dining out? That's fine we offer take out, and as of recently, Bernard's also offers delivery everyday after 5:30. Feel free to call 617-738-3388

Being very health conscious, Bernard's uses only the freshest ingredients and the finest aromatic spices in the preparation of every meal. No canned products, heavy starches or MSG are ever used. We assure you that you will have a truly unique dining experience.)