List(What pairs better than $2 oysters and champagne? Join us tomorrow night only for #backbaynightout to enjoy a glass of rose for $20 poured from a magnum bottle and enjoy some oysters while you're at it! #popbottles #perfectpair, Ever wonder what happens on the road in an RV full of culinary experts? Check out the first leg of #HimmelHitsTheRoad online @foodandwine on there Chef's Dispatch Column. Also follow along tonight as our famous 100 Day-Aged Ribeye is prepped for a special collaboration dinner @alizelv in Las Vegas by #ChefEricBrennan, You may have noticed in our past few posts the mention of an RV trip....#HimmelHitsTheRoad is the official Himmel Hospitality cross country, culinary adventure in which members of our team as well as @post_390 and @dineatharvest will be joining along for food exploration, research and some awesome pop-ups in some cities. Follow the trip at himmelhitstheroad.wordpress.com for updates and news from the RV! #RVfun #insidescoop, Class is in session! The boys were all ears at @buffalotracedistillery for a tour and tasting. Feel left out? Don't be! We offer a few Buffalo Trace brands on our menu, so come in to give them a try! #HimmelHitsTheRoad #bourbonlove #passthebourbon, Have you had one of these here? Delicious! #NationalMargaritaDay, It's prep time in DC! Our Executive Pastry Chef @molly.hanson is getting ready for tonight's dessert tasting at @zaytinyadc with @zaytinyachef and Rick Billings! Oh, and don't forget the wine pairings by our own MS Brahm Callahan and @thinkfoodgroup MS Andy Meyer #sweetsweetpopup #HimmelHitsTheRoad #eatdessertfirst, It may be snowing outside, but that won't stop us! The bar will be open at 3pm tomorrow for drinks so we can cheer on the Patriots! Join us for the game and stick around for the bar menu at 4:30 or dinner at 5:30. #roadtothesuperbowl #patsnation, Grill 23 is ecstatic to feature a horizontal offering of Giorgio Rivetti’s 2006 La Spinetta Barbarescos.  Bottlings from the single Crus of Gallina, Valeirano and Starderi bring power, finesse, fruit and non-fruit into a balance that only the finest Nebbiolo grapes can achieve.  Grazie Giorgio!!, Champagne for everyone! 9 Liters of Pol Roger to celebrate 2016 poured by our very own Wine Director Brad! #happynewyear2016, Thank you everyone for a wonderful year! We are looking forward to a fun night full of celebration as guests join us to wine and dine and welcome 2106. Wishing everybody a happy and healthy New Year! #happynewyear2016, To All a Happy New Year from Grill 23!, We trim our tree a little differently here at Grill 23... Always our recommendation and Krug promotes instantaneous holiday festiveness! "Pop" on by and raise a glass!, A Grill 23 favorite with a wintry twist! Warm Bread Pudding made with cinnamon bread. Served warm and soaked with a cinnamon ginger syrup. Topped with eggnog ice cream and gingersnap crumble! We hope we had you at eggnog ice cream..., Today was the first Holiday lunch here at Grill 23. We will be open for lunch weekdays, 11:30 to 1:30 until December 23. Our dinner menu is available and a 2 or 3 course prefix is availabile for $29 or $39 respectively. Come in and enjoy our decor, the Gingerbread Village and lunch this holiday season!, Wishing Kevin DaSilva a happy 2 year anniversary with us at Grill 23! Thank you Kevin!, Decorations hung with care!, Happy Thanksgiving from All of Us at Grill 23. We are open until 8 o'clock with the full menu and a 4 Course Turkey Dinner available, too!, http://hauteliving.com/2015/11/this-weeks-hautest-happenings-in-boston-112315/593845/

Thank you Haute Living for the #Thanksgiving mention this week! Our 4 course Thanksgiving menu  and our dinner menu are a always in fine November fashion!, It was good! Happy Thanks Giving to all who wore their black sweater and enjoyed festive fall cocktails and bites with us!, null, http://hauteliving.com/2015/11/top-5-mixologists-in-boston/592101/

Featured in Haute Living, our Death and Taxes Cocktail..., Congratulations to newly wedded Sous Chef Erik Powers. All the best to you and Michelle! #cheflife If we weren't "booked", the engagement surprise might have ended but here's to the start of your happy matrimony!, It seems like only yesterday that Sebastian Da Silva (you all now him as Junior!) levitated into Grill 23's fold. 13 years later, Junior continues to be the model of how our service should be. Congratulations on your anniversary here and thanks for your hard work!, Our chilled lobster tail with remoulade and cocktail sauces., Hope everyone brought their sweet tooth tonight! Ready for a fun event supporting the Joey Fund and the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation with mini desserts by pastry chef @molly.hanson, Come for your "Boos" tonight; We tricked the staff into thinking we had a little test but instead treated them to a cocktail tasting! Left to right is our South Boston Sling, our Peach Old Fashion and lastly, the Martinez. Happy Halloween!, Today is Eduardo "Eddie" Lagos 8 year anniversary here at Grill 23! He is still keeping the recipe for Eddie's Potatoes a secret but  a well deserved thanks for all his hard work! Go Oregon!, If Jonathan Soroff says so, then it must be true! Check out his interview on Haute Living as he tells all about his favorite spots in Boston, including his favorite Steak House! 

http://hauteliving.com/2015/10/haute-secrets-jonathan-soroff-bostons-man-about-town/589310/, The event may have moved, but the celebration is still on! Please join us on Thursday, October 1st at Post 390 in the Back Bay for the second annual Farm to Change Dinner benefiting the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston. With the help of Green City Growers and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, we have been able to build and grow gardens at four different Boston clubs. Purchase your tickets before it’s too late! Head to https://farmtochange2015.evenbrite.com for tickets and more information. Complimentary valet available., Grill 23 is thrilled to be participating in the Second Annual #FarmtoChange Dinner along with the amazing chefs of Post 390  Harvest Restaurant  and Bistro du Midi Boston to celebrate the harvest of the four Boys & Girls Cub gardens throughout Boston! Our partners, Green City Growers and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care have helped to crate and care for these gardens to allow the boys & girls to learn about urban agriculture and healthy eating. There's only one week left to get your tickets, so please visit https://farmtochange2015.eventbrite.com for more information! 

We hope to see you there!, Thanks to our partners Green City Growers and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care we have been able to plant gardens at four Boys & Girls clubs in Boston so the kids can learn about harvesting their own produce and using it in the kitchen to create healthy meals! Join us on October 1st for our Second Annual #FarmtoChange Dinner to celebrate these gardens. For more information and tickets, please visit https://farmtochange2015.eventbrite.com.
Post 390  Harvest Restaurant  Bistro du Midi Boston, Week One Menu 3 Courses at $38*, Happy National Filet Mignon Day! We have you covered (in beef butter if you wish) if you are ready to celebrate., #dineoutboston begins this Sunday; Our menu for the first week! For all of you that want the meatloaf... it's back! @dinoutbos 
#MassInsider 

Grill 23 & Bar DineOut Boston Menu
Week One, August 16 to 21
3 Courses, $38 per person

First Course
Grill 23 clam chowder
smoked pork, lobster butter

caesar salad
garlic butter croutons

griddled cheese
heirloom tomatoes, basil, mint

Entrees
prime new york strip (supplemental $15)

new england shellfish boil
steamers, mussels, linguica, corn & fingerlings

Grill 23 meatloaf
tobacco onions, mashed potatoes, ham gravy

duck chili
cheese grits

Desserts
peanut butter semifreddo
fudge sauce, graham crumb

rum cake
peaches, huckleberry ice cream, peach butter, Grill 23 has been selected as a @OpenTable Diners' #ChoiceAward Boston Winner! Come check out our Bar Menu, Daily Catch and upcoming #dineoutboston menu..., One of our first courses for DineOut Boston; Griddled Cheese with  Heirloom Tomatoes, Basil and Mint #dineoutboston #grilledcheese @DinOutBos, We are participating in DineOut Boston beginning this Sunday! Our first week's menu features our Brandt Beef Prime New York and Grill 23 Meatloaf. Check out our website for our second week menu @DinOutBos @BostonUSA #dineoutboston 

Week One, August 16 to 21
3 Courses, $38 per person

First Course
Grill 23 clam chowder
smoked pork, lobster butter

caesar salad
garlic butter croutons

griddled cheese
heirloom tomatoes, basil, mint

Entrees
prime new york strip (supplemental $15)

new england shellfish boil
steamers, mussels, linguica, corn & fingerlings

Grill 23 meatloaf
tobacco onions, mashed potatoes, ham gravy

duck chili
cheese grits

Desserts
peanut butter semifreddo
fudge sauce, graham crumb

rum cake
peaches, huckleberry ice cream, peach butter, Kimball Fruit Farm China Rose heirloom radishes, tossed with olive oil and grilled. Finished with chimichurri and sprinkled with fried garlic., https://instagram.com/p/6GXvUOGZmd/?taken-by=goodfoodandco
We've been working with Ward's Berry Farm and Kimball Fruit Farm for our new summer sides. Check 'em out!, http://boston.eater.com/2015/7/30/9073227/grill-23-bar-brings-back-cigar-service Thanks #EaterBoston  @jackie_cain for getting the word out on our cigar service. A few of our selections for those that enjoy a good cigar..., http://www.urbandaddy.com/bos/weekender/35618/The_Weekender_Tacos_Polo_and_a_Little_Tableside_Cigar_Service_Boston_BOS?utm_medium=email&utm_source=editorial_bos&utm_campaign=list_weekender_35618_20150730

We have started Cigar Service here at Grill 23; We will present your table with a selection of cigars tableside so you may enjoy them on your way home or in the future. Thanks for the shout out UrbanDaddy @urbandaddy, #whim2015 Whim Dinner at Smolak Farm, Grill 23 at Whim Dinner at Smolak Farms tonight! #Whim2015, Thank you Kathy Weiss Beurer for the Coconut Cake shout out and Darren for the delivery!, Have you tried the Summer Bar Special? Our chowder or greens followed by either a lobster roll or our burger and finished with either of the 2 sweets on the bar menu. 3 courses for $34. Available at the bars themselves or the lounge tables downstairs!, Tonight's catch...Pan Seared Tuna with Baby Eggplant, Favas and Golden Tomato-Saffron Vinaigrette, null, One night only! Ian expedites...or tries to blend in?, Always look forward to Wednesdays for the new flower arrangement... @sallyshirazi, Our own Molly Hanson is creating treats and sweets for Sugar Rush! Join Molly and Brian Mercury on July 29th at 6 pm at Harvest Restaurant!  #mercurybrian @harvestcambridge, Truffled Tots... Your Potato Service Announcement for today., Thank you Improper Bostonian Magazine for selecting Grill 23 & Bar "Best Steakhouse" #BostonsBest #30YearsYoung, We had a great time at Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston in Dorchester hosting a healthy  barbecue for the kids and their families!, http://drink.bostonchefs.com/

Brahm pours out his picks for summer wines in #bostonchefs, Like sand through the hourglass, so are the softies of summer. That's right, we have a soft shell special every day while they last! Today they're with peas and prosciutto., Thanks to Team Grill 23 at the #nokidhungry event yesterday! Great event for a great cause!, http://www.bostonchefs.com/news/2015/6/9/drink-red/

Thank you #BostonChefs for mentioning our DRINK(RED) SAVE LIVES campaign hosted by the @red organization! Our feature cocktail, The Bono, was named after the man himself to help remind people who started this great effort to fight AIDS. Come raise a glass and help a worthy cause! #86aids, Chef @goodfoodandco serving up a Japanese Yellowtail with Fermented Cucumbers and a Maple Grapefruit Ponzu at Boston Taste of the Nation @nokidhungry event! #nokidhungry, Looking for something to do tonight? Come stop by and have a drink from our revamped cocktail list! #cheers, For the month of June, we will be participating in the EAT (RED) DRINK (RED) SAVE LIVES campaign hosted by the @red organization! Our feature cocktail, The Bono, was named after the man himself to help remind people who started this great effort to fight AIDS. #86aids #bourbon #strawberrybalsamic #mint, The easiest cooking is no cooking at all!, Congratulations to our Brahm Callahan, Master Sommelier!, Wishing the best of luck to our own Brahm Callahan who is in Colorado taking his Master Sommelier Exam this weekend. His vigilance to our wine program is second to none. His mentoring and teaching of our staff makes us all better each day. We are very proud to recognize his commitment and continuing knowledge to be become what we already know he is!, Our new dessert to support breast cancer awareness and research; White Chocolate Semi Freddo with Litchi Sauce, Strawberry-Rhubarb Sorbet and Marshmallow. Also in the background, The Cute and Fancy Mocktail; Ginger Beer, Fresh Lime and Strawberry-Rhubarb Syrup... #bostonbakes, null, Goodbyes are always hard... we'll miss you, Pat!, We are going to miss greatly a long time employee of Grill 23 Patrick Davis. Pat has been here for over 17 years showing our guests a great time both at the bar and on the floor. He leaves tomorrow on a new adventure and we wish him all successes and best wishes!, Thanks @Kevin O'Leary  #Shark Tank for the kind words and we appreciate all our bar guests!, Awesome!, Congratulations to Kristina (twice!) and Dan on their post marathon engagement!, The wind and rain was hard on our marathoners but hopefully we were more than just a restaurant to some..., We are open at 2 today for drinks and 23 menu selections! Run on by! #bostonmarathon, Ready to face the judges! House smoked pork taquitos with cocoa nibs and orange zest. Also giving the judges some house made orange marmalade with orange bitters., We have been hosting a table to benefit Community Servings for years; A great cause very close to our hearts... Please help us support a very worthy cause and in the process win tickets to the party on April 30th! Take a pic here at Grill 23 and tag #LifeSavor2015, Only one way to end a Stone Crab Dinner #keylimepie with Guava Ice Cream and Coconut Curd and Citrus Salad., Life imitating art... Stone Crab Dinner entree of Brandt Beef Ribeye, White Asparagus and Lobster Hollandaise #stonecrab, "Opening" Day here at Grill..., There's still a handful of tickets left for our #StoneCrab dinner on Tuesday, April 14th from 6:30pm to 9:30pm...go to our website at www.grill23.com for the menu and https://www.eventbrite.com/e/grill-23-bar-stone-crab-dinner-tickets-16092577332?utm_campaign=new_event_email&utm_medium=email&utm_source=eb_email&utm_term=eventname_text to purchase tickets. Hope to see you there it's going to be a great night!, null, http://grill23.com/news-and-events/stone-crab-dinner

A once in a life time dinner featuring Stone Crab next Tuesday! Jay had me at Oscar Style Stone Crab with Ribeye, Lobster Hollandaise & Caviar... and that's just one of five courses! Link to the full menu above., http://nfincne.org/events/event Grill 23 is proud to be hosting a Table for Ten in support of research to prevent Neurofibromatosis. We look forward to hosting these donors and giving them our support!, http://grill23.com/news-and-events/stone-crab-dinner/

Join us on April 14th for our Stone Crab Dinner! 5 delicious courses featuring Florida Stone Crab including pairings of cocktails and wine. It will be everything its cracked up to be..., http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2015/03/27/heres-where-you-should-be-eating-this-weekend-in-boston-2/

Molly Rabideau and Molly Hanson's dessert will be here to satisfy your chocolate craving this evening!, Excited to be a part of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association’s #BOsnowHangover Hangover at @HarpoonBrewery on March 30. Get your tickets now to indulge in Harpoon brews paired with bites from Boston chefs and support No Kid Hungry! Get your tickets here bit.ly/1u0Aiho, http://boston.eater.com/2015/3/25/8291853/royalton-farms-dinner-at-journeyman-guest-desserts-at-grill-23

Thank you Eater Boston @EaterBoston for the "Mollies" collaboration story! 2 nights left to try out the deconstructed Chocolate Bisteeya!, For a limited time only this week, we’ll be featuring a special dessert from our friend and neighbor, guest pastry chef Molly Rabideau of Oleana, alongside our very own Executive Pastry Chef Molly Hanson’s menu of confections. From Wednesday, March 25th through Saturday, March 28th, end your meal on a sweet note with Chef Rabideau’s Chocolate Bisteeya with sour cherry sauce, linden tea ice cream, fig compote and candied almonds. Come by and try it for yourself!, It doesn't feel like spring out there but sure looks like spring in here!, https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/10-secret-weapons-behind-bostons-top-restaurants#4 Check out our own Fredy Chavarria as our kitchen "secret weapon". Thanks, Fredy, for your hard work, great food and smiles you share with all of us!, A little FLA in the Back Bay; Jumbo Stone Crab Claws have been added to our menu. Stay tuned for an upcoming dinner featuring #stonecrab in April!, New Tuna for this evening; Glazed with coconut milk, rhubarb, honey and ginger over red and green Daikon and watermelon radish. Finished with Dijon miso butter. @NEFoodShow, http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/02/starch-madness-bracket/

Thanks for the spud-tacular response to vote. But tis the seasoned for making us a little bit more chipper! Vote just one more time! #starchmadness, http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/02/starch-madness-bracket/

Test your kettle and chip away at the lead! Help our Cajun Bar Chips move on to the next round! Vote like you eat them; a bunch at a time!, Week Number 2! 3 Courses for $38 or $48 with a Steak Supplement, Say it isn't so, Joe! We need your vote in #starchmadness for our Bar Chips! They are crispy, spicy and sweet and always complimentary!www.bostonmagazine.com/.../starch-mad...
Mobile-friendly - 3 days ago - Vote for your favorite fries, tater tots, hash browns, and more in our Starch Madness bracket., Just some of the dishes being offered for week 1 of #DineOutBoston featuring our famous G23 #meatloaf, http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/02/starch-madness-bracket/
We are fit to be fried if you don't vote for our bar chips! Help us show our kettle as we participate in #StarchMadness, http://www.restaurantweekboston.com/restaurant/grill-23-bar/

Starting Sunday, DineOut Boston will begin at Grill 23. 3 courses at $38 with a different menu for each week!, http://restaurantunstoppable.com/2015/02/25/115-chef-jay-murray-canadian-weakness-strength/, http://www.borrowedandblue.com/boston/wedding-rehearsal-dinners/grill-23-bar Anything to remind us that Spring is around the corner. Congratulations to the 3 confirmed proposals in the past month here at Grill 23! Do you have a proposal story to share?, Thanks for all who braved Blizzard Neptune last night; ironically lots of fish entrees ordered...coincidence? We are open tonight but no valet. 500 Berkeley Parking. Only thing better than Valentine's Day is February 15th! #LoveOnMain, Some of us at the Super Hunger Brunch a month ago., Open for service this evening but we have been asked to suspend valet parking; We recommend 500 Berkeley St on the corner of St. James and Berkeley. Sorry for the inconvenience and we hope,  weather depending (a familiar phrase, don't you think?), we will have valet tomorrow!, With the T not running, we had no prep cooks today, so here's Eddie making the mashed potatoes. That's reason enough to hurry in for dinner. Eddie makes a mean mash!, We will be open for dinner tonight. With the parking ban, we cannot offer valet. Parking at St James and Berkeley garage. And yes, we check coats, bags and shovels..., Still flying high after the big win..., She is brand spanking new and has 0 on the steak odometer! Who's going to be here for the first Brandt steak off of our new grill tonight?, A wintry Monday but we are ready to serve!, We are almost all dug out and will be ready to go tonight. After all that shoveling, lifting a scoop of Grill 23 Mashed Potatoes will be a breeze!, Here's chef de cuisine Mark demonstrating tonight's special for the kitchen staff. As you can see, he normally works in slow motion so the cooks don't miss any details., Excited to be a part of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association’s #MRA #HolidayHangover at #HarpoonBrewery on January 26. Get your tickets now to indulge in Harpoon brews paired with bites from Boston chefs and support #NoKidHungry. Get your tickets here bit.ly/1u0Aiho, http://www.abostonfooddiary.com/

We are glad that you made that call to go for it!, We always enjoy getting emails from happy guests; Thank you to Josh for your hard work and seamless hospitality on New Year Eve!

Hi, 
I know I'm late, but I just had to write a quick email telling you about my New Years Eve.  We were a party of 9 upstairs at a round table and I can't get over the entire experience. The next day as we nursed the irish flu, we couldn't stop talking about how amazing the food was. Every course, every dish, not one thing dropped to a " meh its alright". There were so many choices but Josh (our server) made excellent recommendations. 

I do hope Josh was his name, forgive me it was New Years 

In a fine dinning setting, it's rare to find a server with such personality. It's usually a drone reading off the specials in their best robot voices and then shuffling off to the mothership. Josh was ever present, knew the menu (food & wine) forwards and backwards and like I said made awesome recommendations... but what really sold the group was his interaction with us-- had rules allowed we would have asked him to pull up a seat and kick a back a few. 
I hope you give him a gold star, a thumbs up or even post this on the board-- if it is ( what up! Don't cheese too hard, play cool)

Alright thats all, Thank you Grill 23 for an excellent new years, Happy 2015 to all! A few pictures of the New Year's Eve festivities...Were you there?, Be sure to come upstairs to see the Gingerbread!, http://www.urbandaddy.com/bos/food/roundup/33211/Eggnog_Five_Ways_Roundup_Five_Beautiful_Ways_to_Eggnog_Yes_Eggnog_Boston_BOS_Food

Our Eggnog Ice Cream is everything it's cracked up to be; Just ask Urban Daddy!, Thanks to Tracy Griffin and her "elves". So many of our guests have taken photos and commented how beautiful our restaurant is during December. We agree! Share your photos!, WHO knows that the decorations are up at Grill 23?, We're making a list..., Team effort today for our daily catch: native halibut, kohlrabi, broccoli stem, purple sticky rice, kimchi jus, almond-cilantro sambal. Well, Mark did most of the heavy hitting; I just stirred in butter., 2 nice families have called us today saying they want to treat Mom to dinner here on Wednesday before she cooks for Thanksgiving. Which got us to thinking; What is your favorite Thanksgiving dish your mother makes?, Thanks to Eva Sommaripa and her neighbors for all of the delicious produce on tonight's special: local fluke, smoked salmon-parsnip pancakes, purple potato, chive puree & roasted kale. http://www.evasgreengarden.com/, Here's the latest addition to the family... house smoked Snug Valley pork with fried bread and butter tomatillo pickles, chile colorado and pimento chevre. http://www.benspumpkins.com/, Under 2 weeks before Thanksgiving! We are serving the Dinner menu as well as the following Turkey Dinner  from 12 Noon until 8pm! Call us for a reservation...

Serving the Dinner Menu and in Addition;
4 Course Turkey Dinner at $72

SOUP

Sweet Potato Chowder
chorizo, pale ale, cheddar

SALAD

Little Gem Lettuce
pesto yogurt, pomegranate

ENTREE

Coffee Brined Turkey
braunschweiger stuffing, brussel sprouts, mashed & gravy

DESSERT 

Pumpkin Brûlée
honey glazed pecans, pie crust cookies, Tonight's Daily Catch courtesy of Mr. Mark Mariano: pan roasted blackfish, macomber turnip puree, barley, prosciutto wrapped portobello, sunflower pesto, A nice mention of our Buffalo, New York chicken fried steak appetizer... http://www.zagat.com/b/boston/7-hottest-new-dishes-in-back-bay, Next Monday Grill 23 will be hosting Michael Urquhart of Gordon and MacPhail for a incredible Scotch Dinner... The menu and tastings for your enjoyment!

AN EVENING OF SCOTCH WHISKIES
HOSTED BY GORDON & MCPHAIL
NOVEMBER 10, 2014 AT 7 O’CLOCK

1ST COURSE 
AN ASHET OF HOUSEMADE CHARCUTERIE
Abernethy Biscuits
BENROMACH 10 YEAR

2ND COURSE
FINNAN HADDIE & POTATO FRITTER
Tartar Sauce
HIGHLAND PARK 24

3RD COURSE
BARLEY PORRIDGE WITH DUCK CONFIT
Clothbound Cheddar and Medjool Dates
GLEN SCOTIA 21

4TH COURSE
BROILED WAGYU DECKLE OF BEEF
Clapshot Fritters, Single Malt Jus
MORTLACH 15 YEAR

5TH COURSE
NEW ENGLAND BLUE CHEESES
CAOL ILA CASK STRENGTH

6TH COURSE
STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING
BENROMACH 30 YEAR

Tickets are $250 per person including tax and gratuity. Please call us for reservations at (617) 542-2255!, null, : http://www.bostonmagazine.com/taste/tickets/

Come see us at Boston Magazine's Taste Event at the Children's Museum November 17th. We hope our booth won't be on the climbing structure..., http://www.boston.com/food-dining/restaurants/2014/10/29/chowders-you-can-get-boston-not-from-legal-seafoods/S2EwSTg5eJ4odHaqeDcKcK/story.html

Looks like the Indian Summer weather we have been enjoying is going to come to a abrupt halt this weekend! Nothing like combating the New England chill with our New England Shellfish Chowder!, null, Staff tasting conducted by Jay Murray, Molly Hanson, Brahm Callahan and Jake Kress. Topics; Dry vs Wet Age, Valrhona Chocolate, pairing to the same tastes or to the opposites and Amaro. We can always learn more..., Don't go to the Whiskey Live event on an empty stomach! With your ticket, half priced Bar Menu tonight here at Grill 23!<http://www.whiskylive.com/usa/102/boston-2014, Just a few of the selections you'll find at Grill 23 and at the Whisky Live Tasting tomorrow..., <http://www.whiskylive.com/usa/102/boston-2014

Getting excited for the Whisky Live Tasting tomorrow! Anyone with a ticket is welcome to 1/2 priced Bar Menu tomorrow Friday all night before or after! See a lot of you there!, http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/10/13/boston-bars-where-to-find-fall-inspired-cocktails-in-boston/

5 tvs in the bars for tonight's game; If you have Spiced Rum Old Fashion on your cocktail fantasy team, your on your way to a good week!, http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/dining/articles/where-to-find-bostons-most-sophisticated-cocktails

Nothing says Friday Night at Grill 23 like the Hot and Dirty Martini!, http://www.travelandleisure.com/local-experts/boston/best-restaurants-bostons-back-bay, Proud to have represented at Post 390's Farm to Change dinner. Great cause, great food and great to meet the kids of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston!, We are very excited and proud to be included on this list of terrific steak restaruants! Thank you Food Network!

, Still a few tickets left!, Please join the Himmel Hospitality Group and Post 390 Restaurant, along with executive and pastry chefs from Grill 23 & Bar, Harvest Restaurant and Bistro du Midi, at the 1st Annual “Farm to Change” Dinner to benefit the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston.

The “Farm to Change” Dinner will celebrate the harvest of the Dorchester-based “Blue Hill Garden Club,” which is located at the Blue Hill Boys & Girls Club. Post 390 and the Himmel Hospitality Group have partnered with the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston and Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Foundation as part of an ongoing initiative to combat obesity and promote wellness through healthy eating. This unique effort highlights the benefits of urban agriculture, farm fresh foods and healthy eating.

The “Farm to Change” Dinner will be held at Post 390 and will feature fresh produce harvested from local farms and the Blue Hills Club garden.

6:30 p.m. Reception
Farm-Inspired, Locally-Sourced Craft Cocktails from Post 390 and Grill 23 and Hors d’Oeuvres prepared by each Chef

7:30 p.m. Dinner
Multi-Course Dinner Paired with Wine – Each Chef will team with Local Farms, Growers and Purveyors to create a Seasonally Inspired Dish.

To purchase tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/first-annual-farm-to-change-dinner-to-benefit-the-boys-girls-club-of-boston-tickets-12732566449, Here's a new chopped salad from today's new menu. Hey, if you're an Instagram type and like pics of food and such, you can follow me @goodfoodandco. The daily specials usually make it up there., Great article on Eater Boston! Check out the link below for Rachel Leah Blumenthal's interview with our owner Chris Himmel., Three new seafood entrees tomorrow, and here's one of them: pan roasted shrimp and scallops in a bouillabaisse consomme, with a ratatouille salpicon., Just before service I need to show everybody the Daily Catch, and I can't find my sous chef anywhere., Dine Out Boston begins this Sunday and Grill 23's 3 course menu at $38 has great desserts as highlighted here in HUBa HUBa!, Peas are done, but tomatoes are finally here! These are some of Jim Ward's earlygirls baked with queso fresco, basil, smoked salt and a garlic crumble. We love summer in New England!, Eva would be proud of Chef Marco today (call him on Sunday, Eva) for incorporating all of her and her neighbor's bounty from the land. Today he's serving pan roasted halibut, zucchini fritters, haricots verts, fennel and a bell pepper vinaigrette., A congratulations to Ian O'Reilly, Jacob Kress, David Smith, Nina Peters, and Matthew Collins on passing their Sommelier Certification today. We are all proud of your diligence and dedication. And to Brahm Callahan, they all have said they have a great teacher and that they couldn't have succeeded without your tutelage!, I put this hickory smoked, prime Brandt striploin chopped salad on the menu today. Also, if you've never had striper with ice cream, stop in and check out the daily catch!, Today's special I meant to offer yesterday, but due to staff malfunction, I'm a day late: hot & sour lobster and dry aged beef stir fry over sizzling rice. You have about 5 hours left., The picture as promised... Tonight's appetizer special at the G23: grilled pork belly and avocado, house smoked almonds, brown sugar-bacon vinaigrette, red maple radish and baby kale (11 remaining), At the moment we're smoking almonds for a pork belly special tonight. Pics to come..., by mostly Mark, with a touch of Jay and Sean., Grill 23 will be participating in Dine Out Boston in August. A different menu for each week so come see us twice!, Couldn't be more proud of our Grill 23 & Bar team for being recognized another year as "Boston's Best Steakhouse" for 2014 by Improper Bostonian Magazine!, Round 3 and 3rd time's the charm! Thank you for getting us here but we don't want to be top choice... we want to be PRIME! Please show your support and vote! , Alright we've made "Round 2" of Eater Boston's vote to recognize Boston's favorite steakhouse...please take a moment to show your support for us and thanks so much everyone!, We're trailing by just a handful of votes with less than three hours left (voting ends at 9pm tonight) in Eater Boston's #TheFiveDaysofMeat reader poll recognizing Boston's favorite steakhouse...if you haven't already PLEASE take a moment to cast your vote for Grill 23 & Bar and help spread the word to your family and friends to get in their last minute votes!, Please take a moment to vote for us in Eater Boston's #TheFiveDaysofMeat to crown the Boston's favorite steakhouse (voting ends tonight at 9pm so we could really use your support!)...let's pull together, spread the word and keep Grill 23 on top where we belong thanks again for your support everyone!, Bye bye mussels, there's a new sheriff in town and it goes by the name of Meaty Beef Ribs w/ pickled carrots & daikon and a sweet chile glaze. Available at the bar., The chef's life is glamorous indeed!, Couldn't be more proud of our Grill 23 & Bar team along with the whole Himmel Hospitality Group family (Post 390 & Harvest Restaurant) for their hard work at last week's BBQ at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston "Blue Hill Club" in Dorchester, MA...we had a blast putting together a very special menu aimed at teaching the kids and their families about healthy eating in the fight against childhood obesity and we enjoyed getting to know everyone on such a beautiful afternoon. Thanks so much to The Boston Globe for recognizing our efforts we're truly honored to be a part of the amazing work being done by the Boys & Girls Club of Boston in partnership with Harvard Pilgrim Health Care and value getting the chance to make a difference in our community!, It's been a while since we're posted our Daily Catch, so let's catch up, shall we? Sorry. And no, Baker isn't writing this. Anyway, today we have cod w/ a smoked carrot aioli, grilled and tempura cucumber and ginger oil., We hosted an amazing BBQ yesterday at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston with our Grill 23 & Bar team along with the team's at our sister restaurants, Post 390 & Harvest Restaurant...we had a blast cooking for the kids, their families and the staff at the #BlueHillClub in #Dorchester and appreciated the opportunity to promote healthy summer dining while providing a taste of fruits and veggies from many of New England's incredible family operated farms...thanks to all involved for their hard work in making it such a truly special day!, I clearly neglected my glasses today, but this:, The windows will be open tonight at our new first floor bar...join us this weekend for our award winning wine program and handcrafted, chef-inspired cocktails along with Chef Jay Murray's new bar menu and weekly changing dining room menu!, We've got LOT'S of ground to make up to get Grill 23 & Bar into the "Top 20" of Boston Magazine's #BurgerBattle earning an invitation to the August 13th final battle to crown Boston's best burger. PLEASE take just a few seconds to cast your daily vote and PLEASE help spread the word to your family, friends and social media community. Thanks for your help everyone! http://www.bostonmagazine.com/cookout/vote/, Join us in our new downstairs bar to enjoy handcrafted, chef inspired cocktails like one of our early favorites the Goombay Smash which combines Bacardi Silver Rum, Sailor Jerry’s Gold Rum, Myer’s Dark Rum, House-Made Coconut Rum, fresh Pineapple & Orange Juice finished with freshly grated Nutmeg...happy summer indeed!, Please don't forget to take a few seconds to cast your daily vote for Chef Jay Murray's Grill 23 Burger in this year's Boston Magazine #BurgerBattle!, Have you cast your daily vote for us in Boston Magazine's #BurgerBattle?! It takes just a few seconds and we could really use your help so show your support, help to spread the word and vote for Grill 23!!, Please take a moment to vote us your favorite burger and send us to the final battle on August 13th where the top 20 will fight it out for one final night! You can vote once every 24 hours, and can check out the real time standings after you vote! Voting closes on July 7th at 11:59pm and every vote counts so we coiuld really use your support!, And here it is!, I spent the last 15 years 363 days coming up with this burger, so would you mind sparing a moment to officially cheer him on? (Yes, him - we only serve steer here.) #burgerbattle, Thanks to BostInno for naming us one of "8 Fabulous Places to Have Your Graduation Dinner in Boston"!, Brandt Natural Beef Prime Ribeye hand selected by Eric Brandt and ready for 100 days of aging...served only at Grill 23! #KnowWhereYourSteakComesFrom, This Wednesday, May 7th, 2014 at 6:30PM, our local restaurant community is stepping up once again for a worthy cause. The tasting event hosted by our good friends at Davio's, to benefit the families of the fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy, will feature 25 restaurants from the Boston area and we're honored to be one of them. 100% of the money raised will be donated to the families of these fallen heroes so please take a moment to click below for details and hope to see everyone there!, Great article from Chef James Lowe on the art of aging beef in the latest edition of Munchies..."We’re not trying to do things that are different just for the sake of it. I feel that if you’re doing simple food, you have to put so much extra work in to make sure that these plates stand out. It might require extra effort and extra kitchen space, but I want us to be the people that make that extra effort". We couldn't agree more Chef Lowe join us this weekend to enjoy our Dry Aged Sirloin or 100 Day Aged Ribeye raised without the use of hormones or antibiotics exclusively by our good friend Eric Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef and see what all the fuss is about!, Check out today's Boston Business Journal!, Great Q&A in this mornings WBZ | CBS Boston's "Ask a Boston Sommelier" with our very own Wine Director Brahm Callahan...one of the truly great talents in the Boston wine scene congrats Brahm thanks for sharing your thoughts!, Nice mention in The Boston Globe yesterday including a great photo of owner Ken Himmel along with Eric & Tiffani Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef...proud to be celebrating 30 years serving the city of Boston!, Today we celebrate 30 years at Grill 23 & Bar! Over the years we've made some changes—we only source prime natural beef (thanks to the Brandt family who we're proud to say are in town to celebrate with us!), added a second floor with private dining rooms, and this past March we debuted our new bar which we couldn't be more proud of. But through the years one thing remains the same: our gratitude to our fantastic chefs, dedicated staff, innovative purveyors, and especially our loyal guests!, Honored to be named "Best Steakhouse" by DigBoston in their 2014 "Dig This Awards"...congrats to all of this years winners!, Our "Grill 23" Burger combines a house blend of Brandt Natural Beef with Horseradish Cheddar and Tobacco Onions (all on a homemade Potato Roll)...visit our new first floor bar/lounge and enjoy one for yourself!, Prime Ribeye hand selected by Eric Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef and headed for Boston for one hundred days of aging!, Great article in yesterday's The Wall Street Journal: "Best Seat in the Restaurant? It's at the Bar"...happy to know we were listening! Make sure to stop in to visit our new first floor bar and lounge and enjoy Chef Jay Murray's bar menu!, Tonight's "Daily Bread" in the lounge: fish tacos with local fluke, red cabbage, pico de gallo and chipotle crema wrapped in Tortilleria la Nina corn tortillas., Hey, it's Jay Murray here (the chef), and I ate this in the bar tonight. I'm Canadian, so I hate to boast and normally over- apologize for whatnot, but I'm pretty darn happy with this burger. Give it a shot! It's all whole muscle, ground in house daily, topped with crispy onions and horseradish cheddar (recommended, not required), and right now I'm still stuffed. Prime beef, no hormones, no antibiotics. Secret blend (unless you ask)., Chef Jay Murray talks "dry-aging" in the aging locker at Grill 23 earlier this week with one of the world's best...honored to have Herb Eckhouse of La Quercia Handcrafted Cured Meats in Norwalk, Iowa (produces some of the world's best prosciutto from Iowa raised hams!) stop by for a visit. Join us this weekend to taste the difference in serving exclusively prime, dry aged sirloin from Eric Brandt and his family at Brandt Natural Beef. Know where your beef comes from and we think you'll enjoy it a whole lot more!, Thanks to Kerry Byrne of the Boston Herald for naming our "100 Day Aged Ribeye" from our great friend Eric Brandt and his family at Brandt Natural Beef one of the "8 Great Steaks in Greater Boston"!, Thanks to BostInno for the shout out for our new first floor bar, bar menu, craft cocktail list and seriously impressive scotch program...hope you'll come visit us one night soon and check out the exciting things we've got going on these days!, Thanks so much to Chef Jamie Bissonette & Chef Ken Oringer for including us in their Food & Wine Magazine interview sharing their "10 Best Food and Drink Pairings in Boston"!, Thanks to the Food Network for recognizing us as "one of the best spots for steak all across America"...hope you'll join us one night soon to check out our new first floor bar/lounge and enjoy some of the best steak in the country thanks to Eric Brandt and his family at Brandt Natural Beef in Brawley, CA!, After years of planning and months of hard work we couldn't be more excited or proud to present the new bar at Grill 23. Thanks so much to all who helped to get us here ...as you'll see from the photo timeline a lot goes into making these projects a reality. Hope to see everyone at the bar soon!, Alright, Facebook, we need your help! We're psyched to feature Cape Ann Brewing Co.'s Fisherman's Pilsner on tap at our new bar, but we can't pick a favorite, and we need you all to weigh in. From left to right are Barmy, Murgatroyd and Phil - tell us what you think! https://www.facebook.com/capeannbrewing, Getting closer and closer to our new first floor bar and we couldn't be more excited...looking forward to introducing some new additions including a bar menu from Chef Jay Murray (think a House Blend Burger with Horseradish Cheddar and Tobacco Onions), a new craft cocktail program featuring chef inspired ingredients (think homemade Bitters, house-made French Vermouth and Michigan Tart Cherry Shrub) and a Scotch program from Wine Director Brahm Callahan that will be second to none for the city of Boston (think a Macallan 1965 Speymalt)!, Please don't forget to keep voting for us for this year's Boston Globe "Munch Madness" Tournament recognizing Boston's most popular restaurants...it takes just 2 minutes and would make a big difference to us so thanks again for your support!, Please don't forget to keep voting for Grill 23 for this year's The Boston Globe "Munch Madness" Tournament recognizing Boston's most popular restaurants. It takes just 2 minutes and would make a big difference to us so thanks again for your support...and don't forget to include our sister restaurants Post 390, Harvest Restaurant and Bistro du Midi Boston on your ballot as well!, Please take a moment to nominate your favorite restaurants for this years The Boston Globe "Munch Madness" Tournament. We could really use your support in getting  a nod into the field of 64 so hope you'll include us on your list and help spread the word...and don't forget some love for our sister restaurants Post 390, Harvest Restaurant and Bistro du Midi Boston!, The new glass back bar going up today on our brand new first floor bar...heading into the home stretch! Please don't forget that our first floor dining room (with brand new wood floors!) along with our second floor bar, dining room and private rooms remain open throughout this exciting renovation., Please take a moment to nominate your favorite restaurants for this years Boston.com "Munch Madness" Tournament...we could really use your help in getting a nod into the field of 64 so hope you'll help show your support and include us on your list!, Our newly refinished herringbone wood flooring throughout our first floor is finished and we couldn't be happier with the results. The dining room will be back in action tonight with the newly renovated first floor bar opening just a few short weeks away!, No matter how you cook it up, to us, this is what makes a great steak...well marbled, prime ribeye hand selected by Eric Brandt of Brandt Beef and destined for the tables of our Grill 23 guests. One family farm raising beef exclusively to the standards of one restaurant. That's what makes a great steakhouse in our book!, What's made us different from our competition these past thirty years has been our ability to establish relationships directly with our food sources to help fulfill our commitment of serving what we feel to be only the best available meat, seafood, produce and dairy to our guests...no one family that we've worked with lives up to those lofty standards more than Eric Brandt and his family, and as you'll see from this short video it's been one of the secrets to our success at Grill 23 & Bar for twelve of the past thirty amazing years. We're incredibly proud to partner with Brandt Natural Beef and even more proud to call Eric and the Brandt's part of our restaurant family!, Rendering of the new first floor bar here at Grill 23 scheduled for completion in mid-March...and please don't forget that our first floor dining room as well as second floor bar/lounge, dining room and private rooms remain open throughout our exciting renovation!, The Die Wall is in place for our new first floor bar here at Grill 23...things are really starting to take shape! Please don't forget that our first floor dining room as well as upstairs bar, dining room and private rooms remain open and ready for business throughout., Another week closer to our new first floor bar here at Grill 23 (anticipated completion in late March)...and remember that the first floor dining room and second floor bar, dining room and private rooms remain open throughout our renovations!, BIG menu change today, and this dish was easy. Didn't even have to cook it!, Removing a piece of history at Grill 23 today...the Corinthian Columns are taken down from what remains of our first floor bar. We couldn't be more excited to unveil the new first floor bar coming this March of 2014 in the mean time visit us in our first floor dining room or second floor bar, dining room or private rooms all which will remain open throughout the renovation!, No school until 2014, so let's celebrate with this cod over a ragout of lobster, scallop, lemon-herb gnocchi and a rich lobster jus., This week's Brandt Natural Beef Prime Ribeyes hand selected by good friend Eric Brandt and destined for the plates of our Grill 23 guests...now that will help make for a very happy holiday season!, A warm daily catch for a cold, snowy evening: cod, fried cherrystones, patatas bravas and tomato-saffron broth. Also, FunnySpelledShane had a guinea pig named Fluffy. Enjoy your night!, I was a bit frustrated when we didn't have enough oysters to fry for our special, but we had oyster mushrooms, so that's what you get: pan-roasted cod with panko crusted oyster mushrooms, roasted cauliflower, garlic crumbs and truffled chive aioli., Hey, I heard you like beets. Well, here we have roasted golden beets and marinated red beets (rosemary, dijon, honey, olive oil) topped with a Rawson Brook Monterey Chevre croquette and a frizzle (can I say frizzle?) of crispy fennel fronds., Tonight's daily catch thanks to FunnySpelledShane: roasted cod with gingered carrot puree, red wine braised fennel and mint oil., Thanks to Devra First of The Boston Globe for naming our 100 Day Aged Ribeye one of her 13 dishes to be thankful for in 2013..."to wit, an 18-ounce rib-eye aged for 100 days. It is tender with deep, rich flavor, and the kitchen cooks it properly to order. The crust is crisp and just thick enough, sprinkled with plenty of salt. It’s the finest steak I ate all year". Incredibly proud of our Grill 23 team and thankful for our amazing partnership with Eric Brandt and his family at Brandt Beef!, Join us on Thursday for a festive four course Thanksgiving dinner with all the trimmings...check out Chef Jay Murray's menu at http://grill23.com/menu/thanksgiving-dinner/ and make your reservations today while seats are still available!, Just wanted to show some support for our Sister restaurant Harvest Restaurant's upcoming event this Thursday, November 21st. It's your last full day to purchase tickets to their "Overkill" Event hosted by Harvest Restaurant Pastry Chef Brian Mercury and 12 of the best chefs in town all to benefit an incredible organization in Lovin' Spoonfuls. Here's a sneak peek at Thursday's Overkill menu...we can't think of a better way to support our friends and neighbors in need heading into Thanksgiving so follow the link below to purchase tickets and hope to see you there!

12 Course "Overkill" Tasting Menu:

Hay Roasted Carrots
Savory Spiced Carrot Tapioca,
Amaranth & Homemade Kielbasa
Will Gilson, Puritan & Co.

Nantucket Bay Scallop Crudo
Watermelon Radish & Celeriac Remoulade, 
Pickled Ramps, Anise Hyssop-Coriander Sea salt
Carolyn Johnson, 80 Thoreau

Langostino
Cippolini, Aji Amarillo, & Kaniwa
Alex Saenz , Lineage

Campanelle Pasta
Smoked Oxtail & Escarole
Dave Schneller, Canary Square

Guinea Hen Roulade
Porcini Stuffing, Kobucha Squash, Cranberry
Mary Dumont, Harvest

Beef Heart
Burnt Orange, Gochujang, Black Sesame, Cultured Cream 
Irene Li & Max Hull, Mei Mei Street Kitchen

Japanese Miso Cheesecake
Banana, Cranberries, Soy Caramel, Finger Lime
Monica Glass, Clio

Dulce Algarrobina
Spice Cake, Algarrobina, Kaniwa, Dulce de Leche, Hazelnuts & “Burnt” Milk
Christina Mercado, Finale

Black Walnut Mousse
Amaranth Cake, Spiced Pepitas, Brown Butter Carrot Sauce, Poached Pears & Pickled Lemon
Brian Mercury, Harvest

Sweet Potato
Miso, Ginger & Cranberry
Meghan Thompson, Steel & Rye

Root Beer Float Donut
Chocolate Malt Pastry Cream
Heather Schmidt, Union Square Donuts

Creamsicle
Orange, Yuzu, Sesame 
Jaime Davis, Deuxave, Brandt Natural Beef Ribeye hand selected personally by Eric Brandt and headed to us at Grill 23 & Bar for 100 days of aging!, Incredibly proud of our Grill 23 & Bar team for receiving 3 out of 4 Stars (Excellent) from Devra First of the The Boston Globe today..."In restaurant years, 30 is a eternity. Few businesses make it that far. Times change. Tastes change. But a good steak is forever"..."It is possible to get nearly a perfect meal here"..."This is where to come for fine cuts of meat treated right, one of the best steakhouses in town". So much hard work, dedication and passion have gone into building a reputation as one of Boston's best over the past thirty years (not the least of which is our incredible beef produced by our great friend Eric Brandt and his family at Brandt Beef) and we thank our whole team, past and present, as well as our amazingly loyal guests for continuing to inspire us each and every day!, Hand selected by Eric Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef earlier this morning and on it's way to us here in Boston...destined only for the plates of our Grill 23 guests!, Many years ago, on a date with my (now) wife, I first encountered panzanella in beautiful Amherst where we spent our undergrad years. Clearly sensing my nostalgia, FunnySpelledShane concocted this cod with a sinfully buttery panzanella redolent of basil and oregano, using Pio's dwindling crop of the best tomatoes ever., Just imagine when John Lackey sat here before tonight's big start,  a lovely dish of roasted cod, stewed tomatoes, olives, chorizo and saffron providing him with the vibes and energy for the win. Just imagine. I am., FunnySpelledShane up to the plate again, batting lead off with pan roasted cod, carrot barigoule, farro risotto, eva's pea greens and an olive relish for hungry Sox fans waiting at our doorstep., A very important reason to know where your beef is coming from...and yet another reason we're proud to partner with our friend Eric Brandt and his family at Brandt Natural Beef who for over a decade have raised their livestock without the use of antibiotics or hormones!, Eric Brandt of Brandt Beef is at it again this week personally hand selecting each and every piece of beef destined for our Grill 23 & Bar guests...this beauty is Boston bound!, Ever since middle school (which we called junior high back then) I've done the bulk of my mental heavy lifting in the shower. So today, knowing that some beautiful Spanish mackerel was headed my way, I came up with this somewhere between rinse and repeat: grilled Spanish mackerel over onions en escabeche, and crispy potatoes tossed with a peanut-green chile sambal., For good luck we're serving what could potentially be Jon Lester's favorite dish: curry basted cod with farro hush puppies, roasted grapes and nasturtium pistou. Now until around the seventh inning., Dale and FunnySpelledShane teamed up for this one: roasted cod over farro/cured salmon/nasturtium dolmas, with boiled cider beurre blanc and shaved cucumber. I'm responsible for the poor focus., Tonight's mystery basket ingredients for our cod special: organic farro, house cured salmon, boiled cider and nasturtium leaves. We'll keep you posted..., Thanks to ABC's Shark Tank star and Back Bay resident Kevin O'Leary  for naming us his go-to spot in Boston in the latest issue of Boston Magazine: "For anybody that’s coming in from out of town, it’s always Grill 23. I always sit upstairs across from the bar so I can watch the game while I’m eating. I’ve tried every restaurant in town, but (Grill 23 and the Taj) are ones I keep going back to over and over again.", For tonight's Daily Catch I wanted to span four decades of culinary invention, so we have today's ever popular kale chip (with salt and vinegar powder) with a sauce comma (avocado vinaigrette) from the aughts, a ring mold (basmati-watermelon salad) from the nineties, and a light panko and aleppo pepper crust (from the eighties?). That last one might be a bit of a stretch., Congratulations to Officer Matt Brown of the Cambridge Police Department who took home first place honors in this past weekends "Men and Women in Blue Cooking Competition" at the Let's Talk About Food Festival in Copley Square, Boston...our sister restaurant, Post 390, is honored to be featuring Officer Brown's winning dish, "Soy and Ginger Glazed Salmon with Wild Rice, Farro, Fennel Pilaf and Broccolini" on their downstairs Tavern Menu beginning tonight through this Friday, October 11th (with proceeds from the dish going to the One Fund: a marathon victim relief organization). Please help spread the word for friends and family to drop by Post and help show support for the incredible first responders throughout our community!, According to James Beard Award Winning food writer Josh Ozersky of Esquire "if I had to guess who would take the spotlight next (in the culinary world), I would suggest ranchers. There are a number of larger-than-life figures out there whose products are on the lips of every chef and whose oneness with nature speak to the frontier mystique. Expect to hear more, in the months to come, of Craig Rogers (lamb), Bev Eggleston (pork), Randy Strauss (veal) Eric Brandt (beef) and Chris Hughes (game)"...we're proud to partner with one of the next great up and comers in the world of food congrats Eric Brandt and Brandt Beef!, FunnySpelledShane pitching in again with today's sweet and luscious scallops over a "risotto" of corn and potato., Weekly snapshot from Eric Brandt of our "Grill 23 Quality" Brandt Beef hand selected by Eric himself and en route from Brawley, CA...we love having such a close connection with the source of our incredible steaks and we think our guests do as well!, So it's national chili week as well as national chili month, and I've had some killer elk chili up around Collingsworth, Ontario, where just about everybody seems to raise elk. But I'm going a different route tonight with our coffee brined elk carpaccio, pea greens and hot butter dumplings. It's too nice out for chili, unless it's on a dog at Fenway., Next are scallops with a pumpkin pierogi, kale chips, shaved chicken mushroom, brown butter and sage., I have a couple of specials to tell y'all about tonight. First we have this delectable American elk, brined in sweet coffee, served with a parsnip soubise, roasted onion and sauteed spinach with a hint of nutmeg. 15 orders remain, so get on the bus!, I just learned via NPR's "Salt" that today is National Kale Day. So it is entirely by coincidence that Dale used kale in tonight's special: cod with yucca gnocchi, roasted easter egg radishes, brown butter and kale chips, Yesterday marked FunnySpelledShane's first special as the newest addition to our kitchen, and it was a good one: cod with foraged chicken mushrooms, a delicious, lemony potato mousseline and herb puree. He'll make a fine team member., From Eric Brandt of Brandt Beef in Brawley, CA earlier today...what he and his family call "Grill 23 Quality" on it's way to us here in Boston!, Wanted to pass along a great article from Boston Common Magazine about our owners Ken & Chris Himmel looking back on thirty years of business in Boston...thanks so much to Chef Jay Murray and the entire Grill 23 & Bar team, past and present, for the amazing job they do each and every day and a very special thanks to Eric Brandt and the entire Brandt family for what has become not just a partnership, but an incredible friendship between family businesses who have created a truly one of a kind beef program!, I made some menu changes and we'll keep you posted over the next couple of days, but for now here's today's catch: scallops with toy box squashes, grilled eggplant kibbeh and tomato butter broth., In honor of national corned beef day, I present this: marcona almond crusted cod, roasted beet risotto and cilantro puree. What does that have to do with corned beef, you ask? I'm still working on that., Dale's car broke down on the way to work early this morning while he was still in his zumba shorts. That's when he knew that fall had arrived. Appropriately he offers up pan roasted cod with an apple-fennel slaw and celery root puree., When life hands you butter... burn it. Cod with a smoked shrimp-spinach roll, pickled green strawberries and brown butter vinaigrette (among other things), "Hey chef,"  they said, "The 1980's called and asked if you'd make a special," and I said, "Heck ya!" So I threw the Hall & Oates cassette into the boombox and came up with this: cod in a baked mirin aioli (we were out of miso) with spicy braised cabbage, mushroom dumplings and green tea mustard., Thanks to Scott Kearnan and the Zagat Editorial Team for naming us one of their 15 favorite Boston restaurants in honor of Google's 15th birthday...honored to be in such great company!, Fifteen years ago to the day I made this dish for my family in Roussillon, Vaucluse with fish from down the road in Marseilles. It may be vintage at this point, but I still love these flavors! It's cod with a toasted garlic-tomato ragout, pistou, tapenade and fingerling potatoes., Well dear sous chefs, you have risen to my challenge with grace and aplomb. You have delivered bacon wrapped monkfish with a fresh fennel seed slaw and rosemary-watermelon jus., Today I'm challenging the team with these surprise ingredients for our monkfish special (with one hour to go): bacon, tofu, watermelon and Eva's fresh fennel seeds. Wish them luck!, Today it's monkfish with sweet corn risotto and lobster jus. Only 17 orders, make that 16, so hurry!, Monk's one of my personal favorites, so I'm happy when our Daily Catch Special generator app on my new iOS7 phone comes up with a monkfish dish. Who knew Jony Ive could replace Mark in the kitchen? We're serving it tonight with crispy almond crusted peaches, curry roasted shallots and parsley mousse., Monk's one of my personal favorites, so I'm happy when our Daily Catch Special generator app on my new iOS7 phone comes up with a monkfish dish. Who knew Jony Ives could replace Mark in the kitchen? We're serving it tonight with crispy almond crusted peaches, curry roasted shallots and parsley mousse., Trudging onward my first day in the post Mark Mariano era, perhaps to be accompanied by an asterisk in the restaurant hall of fame, I offer to you pan roasted cod over a ragout of corn and lobster mushrooms, with a trio of summer beans and basil almond pesto., Tonight I'm sorry to say goodbye to my sous chef Mark. He's been with me for nearly 8 years and never fails to put a smile on everyone's face. You'll miss his fish specials, and we'll miss him, but we're happy he's moving on to great things., A summery canape for tonight - heirloom cherry tomato crostini with Rawson Brook Monterey Chevre, fresh fennel pollen and allium flowers. Hey, we're not all steak 'n' mirrors., Big congrats to my erstwhile sous chef Ben Goodnick! , When Mark learned today that Judge Judy is the highest paid television performer, he knew he had to do one thing: serve pan roasted cod with corn, arugula and Mom's tomato soup sauce. I hear ya, Mark., Last week we roasted and braised sunflowers, but always a fan of nose to tail flower cookery, today we harvested the fresh seeds which are nothing like you see at the store. They have no shells and they pop when you bite into them! Today they are accompanied by cod with golden beets and minted pea green pistou., "I'm planning on selling this and only this to every customer I have in my station." "That tastes so delicious, they should post it on Instagram." (overheard server conversation) It's cod with smoked shrimp-hominy fritters, slow roasted tomato and arugula emulsion., And the results of today's mystery basket challenge: cod w/ an arugula crumb crust, ragout of lobster mushrooms & cauliflower and sunflower tempura., I present tonight's special mystery basket ingredients: sunflower, lobster mushrooms, eggs, arugula... stay tuned., Benedict Arnold with the daily catch here: cod over oyster mushrooms and a truffled cauliflower puree - perfect for the carb police., Today's special - cod, maple/bacon/miso broth, braised cabbage, shiitakes, smoked shrimp wontons., Restaurant Week round 2 begins tomorrow, so here's a taste: velvety gazpacho with avocado ice cream and corn nuts - available Sunday through Friday., Today Mark couldn't think, so he retreated to his lair to come up with a fish special. Finally he emerged victorious., So Julius Caesar walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, make me a martinus." Confused, the bartender replies, "My lord, don't you mean martini?" To which Caesar snapped back, "If I wanted a double, I would've asked for one!", null, Last striper for real, and tomorrow is black sea bass (which is certainly one of my favorite fish to grace a plate). We're also changing the menu tomorrow, so stop on by. Today's catch sits on summer beans tossed with a chunky Marcona almond butter. The sauce is a melon gazpacho finished with a bit of cilantro puree., Okay, I jumped the gun a bit on the end of striped bass. The season is now officially over, but I still have one fish. On another note, have you ever had braised romaine lettuce. Apart from the fact that it has little nutritional value unlike other, sturdier greens, it is a nifty treat. Tonight we're pairing our striper with bacon braised romaine, fingerlings and a touch of chorizo oil., Honored to be in such great company! RT @thebostonalist: @Grill23andBar - @TheBostonAList voted you as the best Steakhouse in town! http://t.co/sf97tbRiCq, Well, tonight might be it for striper until next summer, but we have some gorgeous black bass on waiting in the wings. Today's catch is striped bass over an heirloom cherry tomato panzanella and a roasted elephant garlic and pine nut emulsion., Congrats to our Grill 23 & Bar team for being named "Best Steakhouse" from Boston's A-List...and thanks to all our amazing guests for your incredible support!, While you worked or napped or mowed the lawn, Mark was busy coming up with this idea for tonight's special: striped bass with sesame beets, quinoa and miso carrot puree., Congratulations to our absolutely amazing Grill 23 & Bar team for yet again being named "Best Steakhouse" by Boston Magazine in their 2013 "Best of Boston" Issue!, Breaking News! striped bass with creamed leeks and corn, pea greens and fines herbes pistou. While supplies last!, Just for kicks, here's a shot of a baby hammerhead we hauled in on the shrimper Tammy Jane last week. Naturally we sent it back whence it came., Tonight's the debut of a new burrata appetizer, served w/ heirloom tomatoes, charred scallion puree, toasted garlic, icewine vinegar and sea salt., Here's our final halibut special for a spell while we introduce native striped bass tomorrow. It's a summery affair with corn, green beans, celery, tomato and a charred scallion pesto. Thanks Mark., I spent the last week in the inspiring tropics of coastal South Carolina, where I had a fantastic time on the shrimper Tammy Jane. We caught, among other things, baby hammerheads, sting and butterfly rays, flounder, jellyfish gorging on smaller prey, and tons of shrimp. I feasted on terrific shrimp 'n' grits with tasso gravy and unbeatable local pork and beef. So naturally today's daily catch doesn't reflect any of that, but it's still awfully tasty: halibut with spicy cold noodles and ginger pickles., Today, for what is increasingly seeming like our halibut of the day (see you real soon, stripers!), I presented Lindsey and Dale with a mystery basket of ingredients (sushi rice, Sauternes, dried apricots and vanilla paste), and they created this: halibut with skillet crisped rice, braised fennel & onions and an apricot-chervil beurre blanc. Nice job kids!, Going for the hat trick, Mark serves up this pan roasted halibut with lemony mascarpone, couscous salad, summer beans, tomatoes and candied almonds., Mark took another shot at the special, and, to quote Nina, "That dish is ridiculous!" Hopefully she meant it as a compliment. It's halibut with buttered carrots, fingerling potatoes and lobster bolognese., Mark's turn today, and it is delicious: halibut w/ couscous, dill pistou, egg-lemon dressing & crisp veggies, Today's catch in Dale's capable hands: halibut - Oscar style. Pan roasted, served over fingerling potatoes and shiitakes, topped with fresh crab meat and hollandaise., Pastry Chef Molly Hanson and our Grill 23 & Bar team are proud to be working with the good people at This Bar Saves Lives and offering "Vanilla Cheesecake with Honey Poached Peaches and Almond Crunch featuring 'This Bar Saves Lives'". Together with the "This Bar Saves Lives" team, for every dessert sold we'll donate a packet of life-saving food to a child in need. Proud to be working with such a worthwhile organization check them out at http://www.thisbarsaveslives.com/ to buy a bar and make a difference!, We are proud to announce that we've been awarded "Best Steakhouse" by Improper Bostonian for 2013...thanks to the Improper for the incredible honor and thanks to our amazing Grill 23 & Bar team (and a special thanks to Jason Babb down in Atlanta, GA and the Brandt family out in Brawley, CA!) and our loyal guests for their support!

Improper Bostonian 2013 "Boston's Best":

STEAK HOUSE
Grill 23
The grande dame of steak houses turns 30 this year, but she hardly feels over-the-hill. Classic service and chef Jay Murray’s unsurpassed standards for a filet have kept this jewel from losing its luster, while the wine program and top-notch seafood add to the sparkle. Sourced exclusively from California’s Brandt Beef (natural, sustainable bovines with impeccable genealogies), your steak is always a cut above, while à la carte delicacies such as the 100-day-aged rib eye are the measure of carnivorous desire., Today we're roasting halibut on a bed of fresh juniper embers, then serving over a ragout of pearl couscous, morels, fava beans and mushroom jus., Hi there! Halibut again, this time glazed with chiles & apricot, served over hominy falafel with a cilantro-lime emulsion and roasted red onion., Today's Catch: halibut, bacon roasted fingerlings, cauliflower beignets, green tapenade, Let's go Bruins...join us tonight to cheer on your favorite hometown team! #BecauseItsTheCup #GoBruins, One of two new additions to our menu today is this roasted saddle of monkfish with chorizo, kale, potato, lobster broth and brown butter., Today's catch while supplies last: braised halibut with arugula udon, crispy tofu and miso avgolemono., Happy National Beef Jerky Day!, Grill 23 Chefs Jay Murray & Lindsay Mason at last night's Chateau Margaux dinner at the Nantucket Wine Festival! http://ow.ly/i/28QIx, Dear Friends and Family,

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all friends, family, and visitors to the Boston Marathon.  As the horrific event unfolded, we were like you, praying and waiting to hear from our friends, family and staff running in the Marathon, and hoping our families cheering at the Finish Line were safe.  We helped several families reconnect with loved ones by offering them a safe roof over their heads and telephones, water, comfort, directions, whatever they needed.  We took people in and helped them reconnect - a small victory in a horrible afternoon.  We are joining with other restaurants to help raise funds for the victims.  We continue to pray for the people and the city of Boston and beyond to recover.

We are devastated to learn from FB posts that in the chaos yesterday we missed someone knocking on our door.  We are glad she was reunited with her family, and our thoughts and prayers go out to her and to all the runners and families.  Please know we assisted everyone we saw with shelter, comfort, whatever they needed.  It was a chaotic afternoon and we were right there with Boston being worried about friends and family. We promise you, if we knew she was outside, we would have brought her in, as we had done with
so many others during the afternoon.   Our hearts and prayers go out to her
and to everyone in Boston and beyond.    For the past 30 years we have taken
serving Boston seriously, and setting the highest standards and will continue to do so.  

With our deepest respect,
Grill 23 & Bar
Boston, MA, We decided to follow the Governor's advice and close tonight.  Our thoughts and prayers are with the injured., For the past 10 years we've worked with our good friends at Brandt Natural Beef to produce what we feel to be some of the best steaks anywhere in the world...this past Tuesday we hosted a dinner to honor the Brandt family and owner Chris Himmel produced this 4 minute video in tribute to their incredible commitment to producing only the best beef, raised naturally, without the use of hormones or antibiotics. We're proud to feature Brandt Natural Beef each and every evening and even more proud to call the Brandt's part of our Grill 23 family!, Great evening this past Tuesday at our Brandt Beef & Burgess Cellars Dinner kicking off our 30th anniversary festivities over the next few months with Owner Chris Himmel, Chef Jay Murray, Wine Director Brahm Callahan, Eric Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef in Brawley, CA and Steve Burgess of Burgess Cellars in St. Helena, CA...thanks for a great night everyone and let the celebrations begin!, another daily catch, What an amazing "Brandt Natural Beef & Burgess Cellars" dinner last night we cannot thank Eric Brandt and Steve Burgess enough for helping to host such a great group of guests along with our Owner Chris Himmel, Chef Jay Murray and Wine Director Brahm Callahan. A special thanks to our friends Bruce Rodman, Alan Roberts and Francis Gill of Cambridge Packing Company for their incredible support last night and through the years. And last but certainly not least thank you so very much to our incredible Grill 23 team you are without a doubt what has made our restaurant so special for the past 30 years in Boston!, Tonight we welcome Eric Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef in Brawley, CA who for the past ten years along with his family have provided our restaurant with what we feel to be some of the best beef in the world produced naturally since the 1990's without the use of hormones or antibiotics...we are proud to work exclusively with the Brandt family and are just as proud to share it each and every night with our Grill 23 guests!, Well, it's official. Dale has decided the Daily Catch competition needs a kick in the pants, so he's thrown his hat into the ring. (Also, he's bald and has no need for a hat in the kitchen.) Today we have striped bass with a garbanzo puree, smoked tomatoes, ghost chile salami and crisped arugula., http://www.sdcitybeat.com/sandiego/article-11631-brandt-beef-seal-tea.html, The real story behind today's Daily Catch isn't the hours of thought and creative energy involved in its conceptualization; it is the finesse with which Elayna delicately crisped the skin, and how she expertly finished the Korean barbecue sauce with a touch of butter: striped bass with pork belly, green chile, water chestnut, asparagus and the aforementioned Korean bbq sauce., Please take a few seconds to vote for our sister restaurant Harvest's Pastry Chef, Brian Mercury, for Food & Wine's "The People's Best New Pastry Chef 2013". Check out this 60 second video at http://youtu.be/tkygAsFmuHI to get a sense for what makes Brian's desserts at Harvest so special...utilizing local ingredients including his own homemade sea salt from the waters off some of New England's most pristine beaches!, Yesterday's catch was a facebook favorite. I hope today's fares as well. Come try our striped bass with a house cured salmon and buttered onion ravioli, lemony braised fennel and spring pea puree., Mark was so excited about his special this morning he couldn't sleep, so he settled down with a nice cup of white tea and some bacon donuts and began to compose the dish in his head before turning to his set of watercolors to draw the elevations. He made crispy striper over grilled asparagus, fingerling potatoes and a spicy tomato sauce with a smidge of ghost chile., Join us for Easter this Sunday beginning at 2pm., Today's trivia and whatnot: (Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.) is a grammatically correct sentence.

Today's Catch: striped bass with gingered carrot puree, wasabi glazed peas and scallion tempura, courtesy of Mark., And for those of you not up for our staff meal pork trifecta, Mark made for you striped bass over a piquillo pepper and bulgur pilaf... w/ smoked yogurt and caramelized onion puree., Some of you may wonder, even out loud, "What's it like to eat at Grill 23?" And you mean as a member of the staff, an insider, and not just a customer. Well this should give you some idea. These beauties are hot dogs and chorizo wrapped in sweet Italian sausage, and we had risotto on the side. Maybe we'll save a few for you., Graded "Grill 23 Prime" by Eric Brandt & on its way to Grill 23 & Bar from Brawley, CA! #brandtnaturalbeef #marbling http://ow.ly/i/1KUu1, Mark's striped bass with quinoa, arugula and bell pepper vinaigrette, just in case you aren't wooed by our luscious restaurant week pork belly., Just to be clear, that's a halibut, but it's only for the servers to try. Today's catch is actually striped bass in the place of that halibut. Mark thought it would be nice with an arugula, tomato and olive panzanella and buttery onion puree. He was right., Restaurant Week menu or Daily Catch... choices..., A couple of menu changes happening tonight..., Even though Ted's been gone for a while now, honorably getting out before Restaurant Week, Mark's still competing against him. Today we have Portsmouth fluke with quinoa, arugula, lemon and cucumber., Sad to report that we're losing a favorite customer in Wes Welker (btw, there's no s'more de creme in Denver), but we can't shirk our daily catch duties. Today we have local fluke with ham croquettes, grilled vidalias and pea coulis., Not to brag or nothin', but Nina said "we've done spaetzle before, but that's like the best spaetzle I've ever had." And Nina knows spaetzle. Today's catch is pan roasted halibut over Bavarian ale spaetzle, with brown butter, lemon, roasted radish and caraway-dill mustard., One of my favorite fish apparently swam a bit close to shore. Oh well. Black bass over fresh pea and crab meat risotto, and topped with pea greens tossed with a celery root syrup., Today's weather has Mark pining for the days he apprenticed folding pizza boxes in Naples, so those memories inspired this daily catch: cod with tomato-olive arancini, crispy prosciutto and arugula pesto., And in steps Lindsey to carry on the cherished Boston tradition of serving cod with pork. Today's special - while it lasts - is pan roasted local cod with pork and spinach dumplings, crispy lo mein and a luscious carrot-ginger puree. Mmmm!, If you haven't been to Utica, NY, and chances are you haven't, then there is a real possibility that you haven't had the pleasure of a Utica Greens experience. Utica greens (in this case) are escarole, prosciutto, ghost chile salami, coppa and Spanish chorizo with extra virgin olive oil (as if there were another kind!), garlic and onions. Tonight they grace our lemon and caper crusted cod. However, we also offer them as a side dish, in which case we also finish them with parmigiano (the way one should)., Inspired by my newly aquired beret and apparently francophile facial hair, Mark was determined to use a French word in tonight's Daily Catch, so here we have locally caught cod with cauliflower beignets, grilled romaine and sauce gribiche., Now that Dale has filled the new sous chef slot, Mark felt the need to show off a bit with his special of pan roasted cod and beef brisket-wild mushroom mezzaluni., Mustache Mark might use today's daily catch for his next tattoo: cod over a roasted beet salad, with fennel marmalade, orange and greek yogurt., http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest
Vote for all of your favorites in the Phoenix's Best of 2013 poll!, Vacation is over (thankfully?) and it's back to the daily catch: herb crusted cod with olive risotto, pea greens and pomegranate jus., We promised one of our younger guests, if she finished her giant ribeye, she'd get public recognition.  Well done, Kiki!!, Tonight, our own Theodorable, Theosaurus Rex, King of the Daily Catch, will be enjoying his final moments as a member of the Grill 23 family. He will be missed., 2.15.13, Nothing quite says 'be my Valentine' like a wagyu zabuton with pan roasted halibut, forbidden rice and a hot & sour jus!, Last night we lost one of our own far too young.  A great cook, a very cool kid, and I am told a formidable Words with Friends opponent and an all around great guy.  A true loss for the G23 family.  Our love and thoughts go out to Corey Thomson's family.  Your loss is also ours and we share in your grief., Mark's turn again since Lindsey, our newly appointed sous chef, is too busy babysitting feral, suburban children to contribute to this bare-knuckled battle. Today we have halibut over quinoa (that's right, Tiffanie), with sage-rosemary pistou, spinach and butternut squash., He may just have four days left before embarking on a new journey, but that doesn't mean he's given up. Today Ted brings halibut with forbidden rice, tempura and spiced spinach puree., Nice to see front of house is helping!  Good job supervising, Bryan., Nemo, day 3:  Our early team is going to try to make it in today for service., will be closed today.  We tried renting snowmobiles and a zamboni, but we can't get to the restaurant.  Have a happy Satuday, and don't shovel too hard., We may be closed, but at least I get to enjoy a Grill 23 steak tonight., Grill 23 will be closed tomorrow due to the storm and the fact that the MBTA will be closed.  We hope you all have stocked up, and are ready for the big storm., It's our commitment to never be part of the problem., Well, Ted's back from his Nicaraguan vacation, and, clearly inspired by his trip, offers today a lovely pan roasted halibut over pork meatballs in a miso infused broth. To finish it up he tempura-fried asparagus and baby bok choy. I'm not too familiar with Nicaraguan cuisine, but it sounds delicious!, Mark is taking excellent advantage of Ted's vacation by racing ahead in our epic sous chef fish special battle. I wouldn't be surprised if Ted just called it quits and said February 16th would be his last day. Not surprised at all. Today we have halibut accompanied by smoked salmon dumplings, pea greens and a potato-leek puree., When El Bulli shut its doors it was a sad day for many an adventurous gourmand, but not for us, because now we have Mark. Today he brings a touch of Spain with his halibut, stewed tomato & chorizo and saffron-sherry alioli., Even though he has been frantically preparing a tasting menu for twelve guests tonight, Mark still found time for this special cornmeal crusted halibut over a fantastic red cabbage slaw, served with avocado mousse., Mark and Ted aren't here today. We apologize. However, the daily catch must go on, so here's halibut over a spinach and crab meat risotto, with celery root puree, pickled mustard seeds and parsley tempura. 

Also, our daily risotto today is caramelized onion and gruyere., For today's halibut special, Theodore scoured the internet for hours. Finally, unable to find any suitable ideas from the Food Network, he decided to come up with his own, and I'd say he did quite well. Here's halibut over potatoes and a smoked shrimp-miso broth with a smattering of spicy chile oil to warm things up., Today was Mark's turn, and he was under a lot of pressure since we had a scrutinizing guest in the kitchen with us today. He offers you halibut with a brown butter-caraway emulsion, braised red cabbage, fingerling potatoes and pumpernickel crumble., From the creative genius of our very own Theodorable Voegeli comes today's catch: local halibut over a root vegetable ratatouille topped with sunchoke chips, As promised, a new (vegetarian) appetizer mysteriously appeared on our menu tonight, and it bears a startling resemblance to yesterday's daily catch. It's burrata over tender potato/herb/choux gnocchi and wild mushrooms.

Today's daily catch, by the way, bears a startling resemblance to yesterday's burrata appetizer, with toasted garlic stewed tomatoes, crispy eggplant and basil. It's halibut., As the old saying goes, today's halibut special is tomorrow's burrata appetizer: halibut over a ragout of potato-herb gnocchi and wild mushrooms in an intense mushroom jus with a dash of gremolata to lighten it up a bit., Today I asked Mark what he'd make with halibut, wild rice, sunchokes and baby brussels sprouts. He made halibut with wild rice, sunchokes and baby brussels sprouts. Ingenious., Two new seafood entrees on the menu today: Maine scallops with bacon and guajillo posole, fingerling potatoes and avocado; and sweet chile glazed salmon with cauliflower mushrooms, bok choy, a ginger-mirin aioli and toasted garlic broth. Both bring a bit of heat to the winter., We still have a healthy supply of locally grown turnips and kale, so we'll use them until we can use them no longer. Mark's back today, and he whipped up this cod with creamed kale and a hash of macomber turnip and mustard seed., So intimidated by Ted's special yesterday, Mark decided to call in sick today. Over the phone he bet Ted 4 scratch tickets that a special with cod, pumpkin and kale would never sell. Ted gives you his cod with pumpkin and kale (courtesy of somewhere in Eva's yard)., Finally found my camera. Sam hid it in my old winter boots, and it didn't turn up until it snowed. Anyway, back to our sous chef rivalry: today Ted has for you roasted cod over a medley of cauliflower mushroom, shiitakes, sweet fingerlings, young kale and a ginger broth., Finally found my camera. Sam hid it in my old winter boots, and it didn't turn up until it snowed. Anyway, back to our sous chef rivalry: today Ted has for you roasted cod over a medley of cauliflower mushroom, shiitakes, sweet fingerlings, young kale and a ginger broth., Biggest dance party ever..all the way in the pit., Caught Mark dancing, The Landes family, It's 11:50, Dance floor is packed!!, Another New Years, A very Merry Christmas to all of our friends out there, and to all the nice people who work so hard at the Grill every day!, is not serving lunch today or Sunday.  The elves are sleeping late to be ready for lunch Monday-Friday., Two down and 8 more to go...Grill 23 is serving lunch for the next 8 weekdays prior to Christmas.  Full dinner menu available and a 3 course, prix fixe lunch menu.  Hope to see you soon..., Chef Jay Murray has just finished up a batch of our bottled sauce, "A Useful Sauce, Indeed." Perfect Holiday gift, or stocking stuffer. Only nine bucks, too!, Happy Thanksgiving, everybody.  To our staff working today...a big thank you!  We're thankful for you., It's with a very heavy heart, we say goodbye to one of the best back waiters in Grill 23 history; as he moves back to his native Columbia.  Adolfo Chalarca  has been with us for 20 years, and we're sad, that as we enter our 30th year, it'll be without him.  We'll miss you Papa!, http://www.myfoxboston.com/story/20082634/2012/11/13/worlds-greatest-bake-sale-kicks-off
Pastry Chef Molly Hanson baking pies for Pie in the Sky 2012...go to www.pieinthesky.org to buy your pies and help those in need, this Thanks giving.  Oh, and pie is yummy...that's another reason!, RT @marthasullivan7: Can't wait to see our fabulous Molly Hanson, Pasry Chef, Grill 23 &amp; Post 390, on Fox News Tues am with her pecan pie for CommunityServings, At long last, our new cocktail list went into affect today...details to follow, but let's just say a classic Sazerac with Absinthe on a cold winter day is always a yummy idea., Great article in today's Boston Globe featuring our very own Brahm Callahan along with two other of the cities top sommeliers rating 50 red and white wines under $15...an invaluable article for any of our wine drinking friends out there!, Honored to have been named one of the "50 Best Restaurants" in Boston from Boston Magazine for 2012! http://ow.ly/eSTVh, As safety as our main concern, Grill 23 will be closed today.  We hope that all of you are safe and sound.  We'll be open tomorrow!, Love having Eric Brandt of Brandt Natural Beef in California joining us for dinner 2nite...honored to have man behind our beef in the house!, Mark's been training for this opportunity for years. He'd entered every little small town borscht contest within a thousand miles, building up his credentials until finally, this year, he got a nod from the Greater Rochester International Borscht Invitational (GRIBI). To help him practice, we'll be using a fair number of beets. Today we have halibut over horseradish gnocchi, with borscht puree, lemon-parsley whipped cream and crispy shallots., There's something about grilled romaine that's more satisfying that it seems like it should be, especially when it's paired with halibut, braised fennel and a garlicky tomato sauce - from Ted., Ted thinks that he doesn't get enough facebook love for his Saturday specials. I tried to explain that people only use facebook at work, so not as many people see them. Today he offers halibut over a macomber turnip caldo verde with arugula puree and arugula chips, Ted called in sick today so chef had to come in to work, but Mark made the daily catch: pan roasted halibut with massaman curry and spicy peanut sambal, First frost is coming Friday, but we're still getting the most out of local veggies. Here's halibut topped with a dried cherry-pistachio pesto, served with 5 kinds of eggplant over a puree of Cole Walker's basketball sized macomber turnips., Just back from his whirlwind trip to Greece, Mark is bustling with Mediterranean ideas. Today we have herb crusted halibut with garlicky spinach, potato-leek croquettes and sauce soubise., While Mark is off visiting some friends from divinity school and Jay is recovering from his annual Columbus Day Fiesta, Ted was left alone to mind the store.  Today Corey and Chris stepped up to help the ever-so-weeded Ted and they came up with pan roasted halibut with a corn, potato, bacon & shaved asparagus succotash with eggplant pesto., In honor of the holiday weekend, Mark felt that it was important to fashion a fish special using mostly new world foods, so here's halibut with blistered heirloom cherry tomatoes, wilted arugula and a smoked corn puree finished with a touch of lobster infused butter., Ultimately Mark plans to move to Belgium and open a pan-Asian bistro with menu items like today's special: sweet chile glazed halibut with roasted carrots, onions and Brussels sprouts., Back from his weekend in Basque country, Ted has fashioned this halibut over fresh tomatoes stewed with chorizo, garlic, saffron and sherry, served with Pat's clams and grilled bread., While Ted's wife is away, that cat will play. Today we're all proud of his halibut, crispy rice, cauliflower kimchee and citrusy pea greens. I wish I didn't have to work so I could come in and have the daily catch., In honor of FARS, the English language Iranian news agency, running a story from the Onion, Mark thought he would incorporate Persian influences tonight in his pistachio crusted halibut over bulgur wheat, with spiced eggplant, yogurt and olive relish., Drawing inspiration from early Zappa recordings, Ted thought his halibut with smoked shrimp chowder would be appropriate., Mark had the munchies when he dreamed up this one: olive crusted halibut with sesame squash, beet carpaccio, lemon dill cream and sesame scallion drizzle., Hate to admit it, but fall is here. And so is halibut with pumpkin puree, bourbon spiked fruit chutney and spicy pepitas. Today only. Maybe Captain Kirk will order it. Ted recommends an artificially flavored fruit drink (pictured) with this., While we hate to leave yesterday's photo behind us, we can't dwell on the past. So we move on with Ted's Moroccan spiced halibut with roasted beets and tzatziki, Here are five of the new menu items today: 1) burrata with eggplant, tomato, garlic and basil oil; 2) mahi mahi with candy roaster pumpkin, baby brussels sprouts and a molasses-cider glaze; tuna tartare with olive salad, citrus dressing and chile oil; tuna over a sopressata hash with house mostarda and a squid ink lobster reduction; and 5) scallops with creamed corn and leeks, chanterelles and rosemary oil., Lots of new menu items going on today..., Mark took the reins again and gives you Haliburbia! Halibut with pea greens, ginger beer glazed carrots, toasted nori and wasabi cream, Mark is hoping for some competition someday in this epic sous chef throwdown. Today it's halibut with roasted pepper, zucchini pancakes and a corn and chickpea salad., Mark couldn't sleep last night so he watched a Dolly Parton film marathon on pay-per-view and today he "just feels like bbq for some reason." So we have halibut with a chipotle slaw, ham & potato pancakes, B&B pickles and a carolina style vinegar sauce., Corey didn't show up today, so Mark had to hop on his station and still had time to come up with this: halibut over lightly battered eggplant and stewed tomatoes, topped with a balsamic onion marmalade., Big Congratulation's to Grill 23 & Bar's softball team.  We took home the championship in the Boston Restaurant Softball League!!, Ted "King Neptune" Voegeli speared this halibut with his trident of aquatic omnipotence and serves it over a lovely hash of smoked salmon and gold potatoes with loads of herbs and crispy shallots, In honor of Mary and Ian Murray who are on their way to Provence to celebrate their 56th wedding anniversary, we are offering pan roasted halibut over soupe au pistou - braised local vegetables finished with basil puree and flowers., Ted arrived extra early today so he could beat Mark to the special. He's been planning this for weeks. It's halibut over spinach spaetzle with corn, duck confit and a charred scallion puree. Better hurry while there's still some left!, Nice piece of morning reading from today's Boston Business Journal on our own Chris Himmel! http://ow.ly/dxzNt, Mark made a funny joke today. He said "Thank cod for halibut." Of course this probably doesn't make any sense genetically, but we're glad for the halibut's arrival on our virtual specials' board - today with zucchini wrapped crabcakes, sweet corn and tomato vinaigrette., Today Mark serves up pan roasted cod with garlicky pea greens, summer relish, fried zucchini and basil emulsion finished with African basil buds and flowers., Grayson Kirby sums up our Pastry Chef Molly Hanson's birthday cakes at Grill 23 better than we ever could...glad you enjoyed it little buddy! http://ow.ly/duLiH, Bring back summer for a few more minutes to relive a beautiful June dinner courtesy of our amazing chefs & Coup Boston! http://ow.ly/dsfZL, As promised: the winners of our coloring contest get a chef's table dinner at Grill 23!

http://grill23andme.com/post/30671515424/well-the-day-of-reckoning-has-finally-arrived, Tired of Ted's hand, Mark took control of our special and has here olive crusted cod over a chickpea salad, with roasted eggplant puree and a garlicky paprika oil, As Ted plated his cod special (served with curried corn, fingerling potatoes and a parsley sauce) he realized that his hand looks much nicer holding chervil., Ted's pan roasted cod with summer goodies and foie gras butter is today's catch., Today was my turn, so here goes: Lightly breaded, pan roasted cod, sweet corn & short rib hash, brown sugar-bacon vinaigrette and housemade bread and butter pickles. Behind is what's left of a glass of very old school pinot grigio, copper in color because the grapes have been left with their skins. It is an awesome wine and a great foil for the daily catch., Here's a little teaser for Restaurant Week beginning Sunday. It's spicy gazpacho with avocado ice cream and Spanish cocktail snack mix., Ted lost a bet today because he couldn't slice a bushel of cucumbers in twenty minutes. He was sad and not motivated to do the special. So Mark stepped up: redfish with a buttery medley of summer beans, corn, tomatoes and braised leeks, roasted and marinated squashes and chive puree (yes, again)., Mark arrived guns blazing today with redfish on the mind. Rarely have we seen him so motivated. This time served with local heirloom tomatoes, chive puree, a salad of corn and crabmeat and tempura squash blossoms., Very excited to be participating in our summer debut of Boston Restaurant Week...Chef Jay Murray gives us his insights on an exciting 2 wks! http://ow.ly/cYqrl, Ted is happiest when Mark has the day off. He feels free to express himself artistically, like he did this evening with his redfish, grilled country bread, heirloom tomatoes, crispy tasso and cilantro aioli., I (Jay) thought I'd give my overburdened team the night off from the fish special, so this one's mine: bacon wrapped local redfish, cornbread stuffing and creamed corn with roasted poblanos., RT @vpdias: Delicious tribute to Julia! http://t.co/SpVa2W8w, Team effort this time: local redfish with heirloom tomatoes, toasted garlic crumbs and arugula emulsion., http://boston.cityvoter.com/grill-23-and-bar/biz/1881
Thanks for voting everybody!  Thanks to you all, we won Best Steakhouse, Best Place to Impress a Client and first runner up in Best Place for a Special Occasion.  We really appreciate this one, as you all made it happen!!, Today's daily catch - the last time you'll see striper here until next summer, brought to you by Mark "Roller Derby Queen" Mariano: with lobster monte cristo, velvety corn puree and crispy chicory, Happy 50th to our Operations Manager, Carl Carreiro!  On top of dealing with all of our nagging; he's also the best guy we know., Please vote for our own Adam Knox in Stuff's bartending competition.  Feel free to share on your walls to spread the word.  He even trimmed his beard for the photo!, Entries to our coloring contest have been flowing in like wine. Here are just a couple. We forgot to mention that the winner gets a 6 course tasting dinner courtesy of the chef. The runners up will get bottles of A Useful Sauce Indeed., http://grill23andme.com/post/28728016297/ted-asked-me-to-post-his-drawing-he-calls-it

We're having a coloring contest here at Grill 23 for kids of all ages. It's to complete Ted's drawing using any media, including digital. If you're under 18, include your age. There will be a prize. Click the link for more information., Here's a fun new thing we're playing with at the Grill. We get a call from the Honolulu fish auction letting us know what's available. We choose from that and it's here the next morning. At the moment we are serving it with Ward's Farm squashes, eggplant croutons and a tomato-almond vinaigrette. Today's fish was golden snapper. But don't worry, we still have our local daily catch,, Ted's taking advantage of Mark's vacation by racking up the likes. Today he's offering striped bass with fresh shell beans, corn, bacon, basil and frizzled carrots, Season's over so say so long to striper. Here it is over marinated tomatoes with basil oil and tempura green beans, courtesy of Ted.

By the way, we now have the roller skates (size 10), housecoat, banana costume and tambourine in our possession. Mark comes back next week, so stay posted., Congrats to our whole Grill 23 & Bar team on being recognized as "Boston's Best Steakhouse" for 2012 by Boston Magazine...in an age where the independently owned steakhouse is becoming a rarity as the chains move in, the loyalty of the people of Boston to the "local guy" never ceases to amaze us. So cheers to our amazing team at Grill 23 led by GM Jason Babb and Chef Jay Murray, and cheers to the city of Boston hoping that you never change...thanks so much from all of us! http://ow.ly/i/Or0e, We knew our 100 Day Ribeye was old...but hot?! Guess some things really do get better with age. Thanks Stuff-at-Night! http://ow.ly/cBFXf, http://boston.cityvoter.com/
Thanks for all who voted.  Winners will be announced August 10th!, Ben's back from a week's vacation of striper fishing and figuring out how to pilot a 28' by 10' center console Moonie boat. So this is what he had in mind for tonight: grilled striper, grilled corn, scallion and pickled onion relish, chile crema & avocado puree, Go get'em Chef! Come cheer on Chef Jay Murray at REI's Camp Cooking Challenge in Cambridge tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm.
http://ow.ly/cy40l, After spending the better part of the day at the farmers market, Mark returned with his arms loaded with promotional mesh bags from fundraising events. And here's what he did with what he bought: striped bass, tossed romano beans, corn, arugula, avocado and chimichurri, & tomato-lime puree., http://www.rei.com/event/42063/session/53879

Come check out the Camp Cooking Challenge Saturday!, Best of luck to our own Brahm Callahan in tomorrow's Antinori Sommelier Challenge at Upstairs on the Square in Cambridge...bring home a win!, Just back from consulting on coffee grinder design in Stuttgart,  Mark is wowing us with his striped bass, smoked shrimp spaetzle, favas, corn puree and crispy basil - Glückwünsche, Mark!, I bet lots of y'all wonder what we do with recipes when we're done with them. Well, here's a real look see into how a chef operates., http://boston.cityvoter.com/grill-23-and-bar/biz/1881
Onlly 3 days left to vote!  We were previously nominated for Best Steakhouse, Best Place for a Special Occasion, Best Place to Impress a Client and we just found out that Best Wine List was added in.  If you haven't voted, please help out your friends at G23, and if you have voted, Thank you, and log back on and vote for our wine list.  Thanks, all!!, Inspired by Der Filmstar, Peter Falk's character in Wim Wender's "Der Himmel über Berlin," Ted came up with this today:
striped bass with french-style saucisson gnocchi, sweet peas, exotic mushrooms and a fragrant reduction of chicken stock, foodrunner farms parsley and butter, Marks been practicing Rocket Man for hours but he found time to whip us this Striped Bass with a cornbread panzanella and pumpkin seeds.  Mmmmmm., Our own Theodorius will not be outdone by Mark. If his special gets more than 50 likes before 8am tomorrow, he will dance circles around Mark in a full banana suit playing tambourine as Mark sings "Rocket Man" in roller skates and a housecoat. Please don't let us down. This video has a real shot at an Oscar. Ted's special is native striped bass with a quinoa pilaf, cucumber salad and pumpkin seed-cilantro pesto., Mark says that if his special gets more than 30 facebook likes by 8am tomorrow, he'll post a video of himself singing "Rocket Man" in roller skates and a housecoat. Today we have striped bass with a pan crisped arborio cake, fennel cream, slow roasted tomatoes and basil oil - featuring Food Runner Farms parsley., Hi there, Jay here. I relieved Ted and Mark of specials duty tonight and came up with my own. I hope y'all think it's okay. Native striper with a smoked ham and crab meat salad, honeydew relish, green chile sambal and muskmelon jus, Ted's got himself a winner here! Tomorrow you can go to http://grill23andme.com to see him prepare it on video. Ted told Mark he was going to school him on coming up with specials. It is striped bass, sweet corn & jalapeno pancakes,  bell pepper emulsion and saute of peas and peppers., Here's a shout out to our sous chefs for some fantastic daily catches in June! Don't let it go to your heads., Here's a little something Ted's calling his "Peas of Resistance." We now insist that the sous chefs name their fish specials to better exercise the right side of the brain. It is striped bass with fresh wasabi peas, shiitake tempura and miso-citrus vinaigrette. Call it what you want, Ted, but we call it delicious!, Congratulations to Mr. & Mrs. Damien & Lily Shuo on getting married at Grill 23 tonight.  It was our honor to host your wedding.  We wish you only the best., Hi all, we're lucky enough to be nominated for Best Steakhouse, Place for a Special Occasion & Place to impress a client.  Rock the vote!, It's opening day of striped bass season, and we got our first fish in today.  Here's Ted's first run at G23 striper...pan seared #striper with pea bilini, spicy remoulade and a cute little salad of watercress and radish., null, our second floor bar will be closed for a private event until 7:30.  The first floor bar is ready and waiting for you though., Today's cod with creamed corn, wilted Swiss chard and a summer bean and tomato salad.  Courtesy of Mark., Todays fish special, courtesy of Ted ...pan roasted cod with roasted corn and shrimp with a very yummy tarragon cream and shoe string potatoes.  Looks good enough to eat!, Chef Jay is on vacation, but after he begged, I agreed to post the fish specials for him...Mark made this beautifully herb crusted cod with a delicious spinach and lobster quinoa.  It's yummy and good for you.  I wonder if Ted will try to out do him tomorrow., While Mark's away, Teddy V will play (confident that Mark can only make fun of him via text message). Here's his jerk-spiced cod and shrimp with plantain crisps, pineapple relish and crushed herb pistou., Ted couldn't think of a special today, so Mark seized the opportunity. He gives up his take on the classic scallop Carreiro stuffing by using it as a crust for cod: locally caught cod with a chorizo crust, fingerlings, braised fennel, saffron emulsion and spicy pepitas., Here's why you're spent the day at your computer: Mark's halibut with portobello and tomato toasts and arugula chimichurri., We're so excited by the daily catch rivalry we commissioned a local artist to design this trophy to celebrate the winner. Now these guys can compete for more than just bragging rights., Happy Independence Day!, Big thanks to the Improper Bostonian for naming G23 Best Steakhouse, 2012!  Also a big thanks to our talented staff for garnering this accolade for us!, Although Mark loves the taste of ginger, he instead went with this: halibut with roasted beet, orange and basil salad, herb raita and buttered bulgur pilaf., Boston native Kristian Alfonso, aka Hope Brady on Days of Our Lives dined with us tonight.  The bad news, our resident soap junkie, aka our GM missed her., As Ted said to Mark before presenting tonight's daily catch: "Check yourself before you wreck yourself, four eyes. At least we don't run out of my specials." And today his offering is... pan roasted halibut with a sunnyside farm chick pea and grilled corn salad, shallot vinaigrette and poached egg-arugula emulsion., Mark's turn again... today it's gorgeous halibut with blistered tomatoes, swiss chard, fingerlings and garlic aioli, but hurry in, or as Mark puts it, "If you wait until tomorrow you might have to eat one of Ted's specials." Well played, Mark., Time for the chef to step up and do a daily catch, so here goes: monkfish schnitzel, crab & avocado salad, gazpacho vinaigrette and a splash of cilantro oil, Check out these locally made sauces! Personally we like the one on the far left...
http://stuffboston.com/2012/06/19/bbq-101?page=7, Ted's turn again. A beautiful, bountiful bouillabaisse with monkfish, scallops, squid, littlenecks and lobster, in a saffron lobster broth finished with roasted garlic sabayon.... Take that Mariano! says Ted, Mark's not taking this rivalry lying down. He fires back with this evening's... monkfish medaillons with a confit of olive oil, bell pepper and garlic, quinoi salad and arugula chimichurri, Ted's turn again, but this was last night, so don't rush in for this one. Rush in for a new one. It was pan roasted monkfish with roasted cherry tomatoes, saffron flecked fingerlings, asparagus, crispy lovage and a lobster infused cream., new food photos on bostonchefs: http://bostonchefs.com/restaurant/Grill23/, Now we have a real rivalry going on. Mark's jealously over the facebook success of Ted's special yesterday inspired this gem: halibut with a light panko crust, smoked salmon hash, green garlic puree and a little crispy fennel hat, Ted's turn again: beautiful halibut with peas and favas, chive flowers, charred scallion puree, grilled romaine and mushroom beurre blanc, It would make Mark really happy if you came in tonight for his Rhode Island striper with gremolata gnocchi, wilted spinach and a touch of lemon and cream., Here's Ted's Daily Catch: local halibut w/ moroccan spices, cucumber salad, bell pepper hummus w/ housemade tahini and a crab meat popper - available, as usual, tonight only., Here's Willy plating scallop entrees during a party of 125 Thursday night. We can handle some pretty big shindigs, and guests get to choose from a huge menu - forget that choice of 2 appetizers and 2 entrees idea., This, my friends, is sous chef material., Here's our current tuna entree: spice crusted and served with fava beans, fresh fava falafel and a milk poached garlic emulsion, Another new one for today: salmon stuffed with smoked salmon and noodletown sauce, grilled shiitakes, brussels sprouts and hot & sour beurre blanc, Here's a first look at tomorrow's new scallop entree: served with curried asparagus flan, cilantro aioli, roasted cauliflower and asparagus tips., Today's Catch: cod w/ fiddleheads, favas, asparagus, asparagus puree, chive panna cotta, rhubarb compote

Sorry my camera is terrible., Today's catch: sake glazed cod with wasabi pea puree, gingered carrots, tempura asparagus & pea tops, It's been three weeks since we began dry-aging this ribeye from a locally raised, grass fed steer. I say we give it another week plus., Here's a nifty use for A Useful Sauce Indeed, available at the restaurant, and soon in retail stores.

http://grill23andme.tumblr.com/post/21539082764/heres-another-recipe-for-brisket-but-since-i-had?og=1&fb_action_ids=10151544171480363&fb_action_types=tumblr-feed%3Apost&fb_source=other_multiline, Another newbie...traditional bread pudding with bourbon ice cream and plumped raisins., Colossal coconut cake going live today.  It's ginormous!!, http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/wonkbook-why-you-should-care-about-antibiotics-in-animal-feed/2012/04/12/gIQAOEfZCT_blog.html, For tonight's local daily catch. I don't know what the dish will be yet - that's two hours away or so - but I know some of the components, and they're finally not root vegetables., if you're spending the day with the family, having ham and green been casserole at 1pm, you may be hungry when you get back to town.  We're serving our regular menu until 9.  Oh, and Happy Easter and Passover!, You won't have to worry about any of this at Grill 23. Just in case you decide to go with the brick pressed chicken...

http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/05/opinion/kristof-arsenic-in-our-chicken.html?_r=1, I'm experimenting with dry-aging a rib from a locally raised, grass-fed steer. Nice color, surprisingly good marbling and excellent eye confirmation. I'll let you know how it is in 4 weeks or so., A great interview, from Eric Brandt, one of the family members who runs Brandt Beef.  He expains why all natural beef is so much better than conventional.  Grill 23 is proud to serve all natural, hormone and antibotic free and cruelty free beef, courtesy of Brandt Beef., Chef's new blog: grill23andme.tumblr.com, but the old ones are still around, too. A slight warning: not everything on the internet is exactly as it seems..., thanks everybody for all the votes...we won round 1!  Now log back on and vote in round!  Thanks for all the support...there's a lot at steak!, Voting for round 1 ends tonight at 11.  Get out and vote, if you don't, it'll be a big mis-steak.  , Chef will be cooking at the Cambridge Winter Farmers Market this Saturday from 12-2: lamb kibbeh w/ tzatziki & spicy beet mustard.

http://cambridgewinterfarmersmarket.weebly.com/, The munching begins!  Vote for all of your favorite Boston area restaurants!, And like that, restaurant week is upon us. First appetizer sold: beef tataki., Here are the contestants in today's Onion Ring Throwdown. You can taste the results tomorrow. We can't tell you who didn't win; that wouldn't be nice, so let's just say it rhymes with Say Curry., is open tonight, despite last night's power outage in the Back Bay.  Please call us for reservations, at 617-542-2255, as our opentable connection is not yet restored.  Hope to see you soon!, Every Friday we change the menu. Here's what's new today (tomorrow we're adding baby brussels sprouts with bacon and rosemary), It may be a behemoth, but it can be your behemoth. Coming soon..., Today's catch: local cod with a cucumber & crab salad, pea tendrils, green garlic-wasabi dressing & tempura bits., null, To burger or not to burger, that is the question. What do you think, Boston?, See if our latest menu whets your appetite! We'll change it again two weeks from today, so stay posted., RT @grill23andbar: We'll take gluttony! RT @vpdias: @Grill23andBar gluttony? The Seven Deadly Sins in Boston | CheapOair - http://goo.gl/ry4Uz, sends big thanks to all who came for brunch today to support The Greater Boston Food Bank...and to all our great cooks and front staff for doing a great job., Come to Grill 23 for brunch on Saturday, January 28!  Call us at 617-542-2255 for reservations.  All proceeds go to the Greater Boston Food Bank!, Want to go dance?  Come to G23, Pulse of Boston is playing and the dance floor is getting crowded!!!, wishes you a very Merry Christmas!, Lunch pick of the day: Salmon Rillettes. As is my nature, when I went to smoke the salmon, we had run out of hardwood. Oops. So I used thyme and rosemary instead, and the results were delicious!, Here's the recipe for our Ploughman's Soup from our 2011 lunch menu. It makes far too much for the home, so you'd better get it here. It'll warm your bones!, Here's the roasted chicken from our upcoming lunch menu. Lunch begins Monday at noon sharp!, Makes a great holiday gift (and every day's a holiday)!, Here's a pilaf w/ Blackbird Farm beef chorizo (really great stuff), mushroom juice & pomegranate, propping up beautiful scallops. The green sauce is a blend of cilantro and Narragansett Creamery yogurt (also great stuff, and since it's not homogenized, it strains beautifully for you tzatziki lovers), Just discovered that Blackbird Farm makes a killer Mexican-style chorizo, or at least their cattle do. We'll do that in a bulghur pilaf w/ mushrooms and pomegranate seeds with the scallops tomorrow., Grill 23's annual holiday lunch runs December 12-23rd, Monday-Friday.  Full dinner menu is available as well as the 3 course prix fixe menu featured here!, The final label for our private label sauce...coming soon., null, null, Happy Halloween!, has put the COOKIES back on the dessert menu.  Thank you, Molly & Lindsey!, I am sure he doesn't need our encouragement, but we hope our Wine Director Brahm Callahan had a great time on his tour through Washington's wine country., Thank You.  Glad you enjoyed your porterhouse, and saved room for dessert! Next time make sure to pair that with truffled tater tots., is closed for a private event on Thursday, come see us this week end, though., will be closed Sunday, AUGUST 28th due to Hurricane Irene and the lack of public transit...come see us Monday!, will be closed Sunday, July 28 due to Hurricane Irene; and the lack of public transit...come see us Monday!, @joanlgreen thanks for the tweet!!, is up and running...cooks are cooking, waiters are waiting, well, you get the point..., is hoping to re-open tomorrow...in the meantime, our new website is up: www.grill23.com.  , will be closed Wednesday and Thursday of this week due to the power outage in our building...we'll be back soon!, 's telephones and opentable are still down.  Please be patient, solutions are on the horizon..., has updated the first floor bar area...it's now very comfortable to have dinner at.  Only one way to find out..., thanks to the Improper Bosotonian, for naming Grill 23 Best Steakhouse!, Great wedding shots at Grill 23 from Person + Killian, Remember to vote for your favorite Steakhouse on Boston's A-List!, Vote for your favorite steakhouse!, null, Way to go Candace! Read about her in this weeks Improper Bostonian Magazine, Best Bartenders Issue!, says goodbye to our Wine Guy of 8 years, Alex DeWinter...and hello to the new guy...Brahm Callahan all on the same day., Thank you Boston and Zagat! From the new 2011/2012 survey! 27 Food / 24 Decor / 26 Service...quotes include "Backers of this Back Bay steak “classic” say “the other big names” will “never dethrone” it and its “phenomenal” beef...", menu changing tonight. We say goodbye to Chef's Epic Pot Roast...but welcome his exquisite hong shao style beef cheeks appetizer!, Note from Chef Jay Murray...Tomorrow's the last night of epic pot roast, so come get it. In its place will be a ragu bolognese of prime beef and mangalitsa pork. The confit beef cheeks will now be prepared hong shao style and served as an appetizer., thank you for joining us tonight Ms. Cameron, now if only your escort was someone we could be equally as excited to see..., Grill 23 & Bar would like to thank everyone who made our GBCVB Open House a success. Special thanks to Filomena Felix and Rentals Unlimited, Craig Sutton Entertainment, Kate Gold, David Fox and Lotus Designs Flowers. Photos coming soon!, Grill 23 has made it to Round 3, we are up against a tough competitor, get your vote for Grill in today!, MUNCH MADNESS Update:  we won round one, now please vote in Round 2!, Boston.com is back with MUNCH MADNESS, vote for Grill 23 and 2 other faves in this round!, You think Chef Jay Murray can only sear steaks and tuna? See how he educates NECN's Jenny Johnson about pan-seared BREAD!, Support Grill 23!, was happy to see several engagements over the Valentine's weekend! Just reminding you, it is never too early to plan your rehearsal dinner or the main event at Grill 23., still has reservations available for Super Hunger Brunch, tomorrow Jan 29th! $35 to benefit The Greater Boston Food Bank., We are proud and honored to have been voted Boston's #1 Steakhouse by CityVoter and Boston's A List!, is closed due to the storm.  The good news is, our sister restaurant, Post 390 (corner of Clarendon & Stuart) is open for dinner.  Call them at 617-399-0015., will be closed today due to the storm.  Stay safe, and come see us tomorrow!, wishes you a Merry Christmas, but don't come see us today, nobody's home., is prepping for the last day of Holiday Lunch. Do you want to miss this festive tradition? We didn't think so, see you noon!, is opening for holiday lunch on Monday (weekdays through December 23)! Make your reservations now...and try this EPIC pot roast that we keep talking about!, Molly Hanson's Ultimate Bread Pudding, as seen in this month's Boston Magazine and featured nightly Grill 23 & Bar, has got some super hero sous chefs!, is thrilled to have our unsung heroes interviewed in Stuff Magazine's current Chef's Issue...including Sous Chef's Ted Voegeli and Mark Mariano!, loves our photos from JBH house dinner, is heading to The ! Dinner features cuts from nose to tail exclusively of Brandt Beef. Be on the look out for a reprise of this dinner in Boston this Fall!, New addition to Grill 23's desert menu, Apple Napoleon., would like to thank all of our Facebook fans for your support all year.  Tell everyone about Grill 23 at Zagat Survey...the voting for Boston restaurants is live now!, would like to thank all of our Facebook fans for your support all year.  Tell everyone about Grill 23 at Zagat Survey...the voting for Boston restaurants is live now!, Watch the great segment from NECN and NECN.com with Latoyia Edwards, THANK YOU NEW ENGLAND and NECN and NECN.com, for making us The Best Steakhouse in New England!, Tune in tomorrow to NECN and NECN.com (NECN Morning Show) to see who New Englanders voted of The Best Steakhouse in New England!, Vote for Grill 23 in NECN's Best Steakhouse in New England!, http://luxboston.com/blog/index.php/best-of-boston/117-grill-23.html, highly recommends starting with the Beef Cheek Gyros., Great story about our friends, The Brandt's, has proof good food and drink fosters romance...our Assitant Wine Director, Morgan Melkonian, married our bartender, Matt Jerome over the weekend!, Check out Jay Murray's grilling tips in the july issue fo Boston Magazine!, has been enjoying June wedding season with many rehearsal dinners. Here are a few photos from SD Events dinner for a happy bride and groom to be!, is still recovering from the devastating loss. This may require a spicy dirty martini at the upstairs bar tonight. See you at 4:30!, knows there's a joke in here somewhere...about eating Kobe for dinner. GO CELTICS!, is supporting Mass Farmers Markets and the Strawberry Dessert Festiva! Come in for delicious desserts made with local strawberries!, null, is happy to announce our Wine Director and his wife Christine have welcomed two baby boys to the world, today...Felix and Boone De Winter!  Congratulations!, Steak Frites featured in Stuff Magazine by Mc Slim Jb, Join Wine Director Alex DeWinter and Anne Amie Vineyards with Winemaker Thomas Houseman - April 14!, is open 2-9 today!  Put away the ham and come on in for a great steak or fresh seafood., Great event last night at Grill 23 with Paul Pierce in support of his Truth Fund and the CAVU Foundation!, Hey G23 fans...vote for all your favorites in Boston Magazine's People Choice online poll, has added Rhubarb Cobbler to the dessert menu, welcome Spring!, http://local.msn.com/article.aspx?cp-documentid=23220029, is very sad to learn of the loss of our dear friend Robert B. Parker. Our hearts and prayers go out to Joan and his family., will re-open for dinner tomorrow (Saturday). Happy new year everyone!, wishes you all a Happy Christmas!, http://www.urbandaddy.com/bos/weekender/8439/The_Weekender_Chicken_Waffles_Shirt_Deals_and_Santa_s_Flask_Boston_BOS, is wishing Joao and Toni safe travels back to Brazil...thanks for all the hard work and please come back home!, served a ton of Brandt Beef Burgers for lunch today., http://theweeklywinepick.com/2009/12/02/2005-avignonesi-desiderio-cortona-italy/, is all systems go for our first day of lunch service...just a little concerned Jason has had a bit too much coffee., is serving our yearly holiday lunch beginning tomorrow!  Full dinner menu available, along with a 3 course, prix fixe menu at $34., is serving lunch beginning Thursday!  Happy Christmas!, is tired of leftovers.  Aren't you?  Sounds like beef and seafood are in order!, is open 1-9 today...and yes, we have turkey...come see what we look like in the daytime. P.S...also serving regular menu if you're not a turkey guy., wants to remind you that our annual weekday holiday lunch starts on December 10th. If you combine lunch and holiday shopping (a la gift cards to Grill 23 for your list), you will have more time for yourself on the weekends., is putting up Christmas decorations!, is serving turkey on Thanksgiving. We're also serving Kobe Cap Steak. Many reasons to be thankful..., is baking pies for Community Servings. Don't forget to buy a pie for yourself or a CS client. One pie buys a CS client meals for a week., is starting to plan holiday lunch! Brandt beef hamburger anyone?, is "E"ntertained Tonight with our celeb guest. Thanks for stopping by..., is tweeting too! Follow us at Grill23andBar, wishing everyone a Happy Halloween!  Boo!, http://boston.grubstreet.com/2009/10/what_to_make_for_halloween.html, Grill 23 is looking for a talented wine and service professional to join our team. 

http://www.grill23.com/carreer-opportunities, has added Maine crab salad with old bay streusel and artichoke sandwich to the menu this week., http://blogs.bostonmagazine.com/chowder/2009/07/22/chefs-night-out/#more-1011

See Chef Jay Murray's pick for a night out., http://improper.com

Thank you Improper Bostonian for voting us Boston's Best Steakhouse!, Congratulations to Molika and Yannick! The sun stayed out for you, hope you had a wonderful weekend., new menu today! grilled dayboat scallop with local strawberry mostarda & crispy chicken livers and drunken soft shell crabs!, Join our email list to get updates and special offers!
http://www.grill23.com/contact-us, http://www.bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food/view/2009_05_20_Steak_out:_Grill_23_chef_shares_secrets_to_perfect_Memorial_Day_meal/srvc=home&position=also, Grill 23 says congratulations to Kevin Dick and thank you to Bostonians (especially the Improper ones) for voting him one of Boston's Beloved Bartenders!, is opening the bar at 4pm...Bar Snacks anyone?, has a billboard! Surface Road at Financial District and Faneuil Hall!, Featuring the $23 wine list tonight and tomorrow., call us to make your reservation for the Sean Thackrey Wine Dinner on April 16 we have limited seats., http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/food/articles/2009/03/25/guys_vs_dolls/?page=1, http://3buckbites.com/3buckbites/pulled-pork-slider-at-grill-23/, is having some beef tataki and a malbec after work., is changing the Chef's Weekly menu tonight! mmm...steak frites!, is serving cocktails and bar menu at 4pm!, http://www.rachaelraymag.com/travel-tips/top-american-steakhouse-restaurants/article.html, Small Plates
Available Monday through Friday at the bar from 4pm to 6:30
deviled egg     maine crabmeat   1.5
grilled beef rib     otis street steak sauce   3.75
brandt corn dog     wood smoked, cafeteria sauce   6
pulled pork slider     griddled housemade anadama bun   3.5
prime beef tataki     lightly torched, maple-grapefruit ponzu   6.5
“buffalo mozzarella”     frank’s, blue cheese-celery root puree   6.5
maine shrimp ala louie     green chile & green onion mayo   7.5
cheesy poofs     jamón serrano, manchego, pimentón   5.5
arancini     gorgonzola, organic white truffle oil   6.5   
alsatian tart     gruyère, onion, bacon, frisee   7
stuffed hog     “maybelle” style   3.5
, null, FOR TWENTY FIVE YEARS, Grill 23 & Bar has been New England's premier steak and seafood grill. Grill 23 & Bar is renowned for its prime, all-natural, dry-aged beef exclusively from Brandt Beef, and fresh, creative seafood presentations. Under the skillful helm of Executive Chef Jay Murray, Grill 23's dynamic weekly menu showcases Chef’s signature entrées as well as classic favorites. These creatively composed dishes, each reflecting the best ingredients of the region, offer an addition to our à la carte menu. Grill 23’s award-winning wine list has achieved The Wine Spectator’s Best of – Award of Excellence annually since 2002 as well as many other accolades. 
)