List(We are thrilled to share with you this exciting news!

This past weekend, the Ohio Forensic Association held its annual State Championship Tournament at Capital University, and We are pleased to inform you that The University of Akron is home to the best speech and debate program in the state of Ohio. Bowling Green State The University of Akron School of Communication, Ohio University, Cedarville University, and The Ohio State University respectively rounded out the top five teams., Happy Spring 2016! Welcome back!, Very proud of our Zips!!!

https://www.facebook.com/MidAmericanConference/photos/a.430064478173.225204.76047063173/10153380478078174/?type=3&theater, null, Congratulations CMIP students for publishing your work in the Akron Beacon Journal. We are very proud of you!, An internship opportunity in Washington provided by the Scripps Howard Foundation, Happy First Day of Class! Wish you all have a great semester!, null, null, Happy to know that "Akron After Hours", a student production in ZTV, was honored by the Lower Great Lakes Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences with an Emmy award. Congratulations @Juan Contreras for your outstanding mentorship and ZTV students Brian Keith, Tyler Warner, Chris Rossi, Devin Conner, Megan Smith, Francis Meyo, Ashley Ritter, Daniel Cermak, and Charlotte Transue. We're SO proud of you!, Do you think we are living in an apology era? Check out this story to learn how to avoid having to apologize for a bad apology! http://ow.ly/2bsPFV, Congratulations to the class of 2015! Use #ForeverAZip to share your memories and be a part of The University of Akron's graduation slideshow!, if you have not registered for the summer courses yet, please do so as soon as possible. Please consider enrolling in the following courses:

7600:378 Strategic Social Media Marketing (Summer I M-F 9:45-11:15). This course is designed to provide students both a broad overview of the social media opportunities and practical experience in developing social media marketing campaigns. Students will gain hands-on experience with emerging technology tools, and be able to review and respond to real time social media posts and geo-location data. 

7600:486 Broadcast Sales & Management (Summer I M-F 12:00-1:30). The course will talk about different leadership styles, business models, entrepreneurship, as well as opportunities brought by the new media technologies (mobile, social, etc.), such as native advertising, geo-targeting, webisodes, long tail model, etc. 

If you and/or your friends are interested in taking these courses, please register as soon as possible. Otherwise, the courses could be cancelled by the END OF THIS WEEK., As finals week begins, the Student Union becomes the ‘Study Union!’ Visit http://ow.ly/2bsM0L for the schedule of events and extended hours. Good luck!, Could the font you use on your resume be the reason you are not getting hired? Experts say yes! Check out the best and worst fonts for your resume here: http://goo.gl/y9XK1f, INFOGRAPHIC: How your social media profile photo could be affecting your job search? http://goo.gl/jyUH07, An internship opportunity at WTWH

WTWH Media is looking for a summer video production intern.
Preferred qualifications:
•shoot video (preferably DSLR)
•edit video (preferably Premiere)
•strong communication skills
•experience in After Effects and Photoshop is a plus but not required
This person must have a great attitude, be detailed oriented, and work positively with customers and other team members. Internship can be for school credit. Email John Hansel at jhansel@wtwhmedia.com with your resume and video samples., Interested in a career in social media? Then make sure to check out these 14 traits every social media manager should have. http://ow.ly/3xLp9Q, Check out these 10 apps that can help boost PR pros' productivity: http://goo.gl/jP7mzH, INFOGRAPHIC: A recent study reveals what type of content gets shared the most. http://ow.ly/3xKNwJ, An inspiring speech about what sports can do by Dr. Andy Billings, So you’ve launched a social media campaign, you may be wondering “now what?” To help answer that question thunder::tech, a local integrated marketing agency, has put together some quick tips for how to track your social media efforts. Check out the tips here: http://ow.ly/3xKLMJ, A recent study shows that Facebook is not dead to teenagers...it’s just less important. http://ow.ly/3xKy2J, STUDY: What inspires innovators on Twitter? http://goo.gl/0H4JEd, “If you’ve ever felt alone and hit a button and didn’t feel alone anymore, that’s the gift we give as broadcasters” -Valerie Geller #BEA2015 #MarketingYourself, Graduate student Kelly Meyer presenting her research at #BEA2015. To find out more about her research view the story here: http://goo.gl/34JvCw, Dr. Tang representing The University of Akron at the 2015 Broadcasting Education Association conference! #BEA2015, It’s a beautiful morning in Las Vegas as School of Communication Graduate student Kelly Meyer preps for her presentation at #BEA! To find out more about her research see the story here: http://goo.gl/Bn6xJV, Kelly Meyer, a graduate student in the School of Communication, will be presenting a top paper this weekend at the Broadcasting Education Association conference in Las Vegas. To find out more about Kelly’s research check out the story here: http://goo.gl/OWhLb2. To get updates from the conference follow the School of Communication on Twitter @SchlCommUA., Have you ever wondered what it takes for something to become a huge viral success? Find out here: http://ow.ly/3xIXd4, Could “playing dumb” be a new strategy for brands on social media? Check out this story and tell us what you think: http://ow.ly/3xIwel, A reminder of why it is important to be careful what you post on social media: http://ow.ly/3xIzyY, Nasty messages on social media can have lasting effects and even damage the name and reputation of the source. This week, help change the way we use social media by spreading positivity and pledging to be #NotAnonymous. Learn more and join The University of Akron for an on-campus event from April 6-10: http://www.uakron.edu/notanonymous, Spring is finally here! However, as the weather gets warmer it gets harder to focus on school. Here are 3 tips for staying motivated through springtime. http://ow.ly/3xG0X7, These days there is a hashtag for each day of the week. Here is a guide for how you can use these social media trends to build brand awareness and gain followers. http://ow.ly/3xGcrY, April Fools’ Day is full of hoaxes and pranks. However, here are 6 reasons PR pros should avoid prank press releases: http://ow.ly/3xFXuv, The University's website is temporarily offline. Please use the following links to access My Akron and Springboard. 
My Akron: my.uakron.edu 
Springboard: springboard.uakron.edu, Interested in job placement immediately after graduation and learning electronic media advertising sales and sales techniques? Ohio University will host NABEF Media Sales Institute May 10-22, 2015. The application deadline is April 13, 2015. Please feel free to contact Dr. Tang Tang (tangt@uakron.edu) if you have any questions., Test your self-control in the digital age? An interesting research study..., Some job opportunities... Thanks Julie Cajigas, The 7 biggest Twitter fails by major corporations http://ow.ly/3xCbLb. Can you think of any other Twitter campaign fails that didn’t make the list?, Do you know a current high school sophomore or junior who would like to know more about becoming a #FutureZip? If so, tell them about Spring Visit Day!, PR workflow is changing. See how here: http://ow.ly/3xxZmw, Comcast is known for having poor customer service. However, they are currently working on changing that. The cable company recently hired 40 ‘social care specialists’ to assist with handling complaints on social media. Do you think that hiring people to monitor the conversation on social media will solve Comcast’s customer service problems? http://ow.ly/3xxLxq, After the launch of the #RaceTogether campaign last week, it has already been announced that Starbucks Baristas will no longer be writing ‘Race Together’ on cups. Find out why here: http://ow.ly/3xxycu, Have a great Spring Break everyone! See you next Monday :-), Burger King recently released a campaign using live chickens to promote their chicken fries. There is no doubt that this campaign is risky, however PETA and other animal-activists took to Twitter to show their disgust with the campaign. View the commercial here: http://goo.gl/1Y7ucm. Do you think this Burger King campaign was in poor taste?, Do you have a fear of public speaking? If so, before your next presentation, try out these helpful tips to ease the anxiety: http://goo.gl/ZNo5DI, Starbucks is encouraging their Baristas to discuss race with customers. Find out why here: http://goo.gl/qMMSjR, Check out this list of “do’s and don’ts” for debating the big issues on social media: http://ow.ly/3xw4nO. Do you have any tips for arguing your position on social media that were not mentioned here?, Happy Pi Day!, Snapchat has recently been valued at an astonishing $15 billion! #Mashable turned to Twitter to try to gain some insight into Snapchat and its young users. Check out the story here http://goo.gl/FMLpxF for tips, advice, observations and other insightful commentary., Many companies view PR as a more effective tool than marketing or advertising and overall the future of PR looks bright. However, could a lack of digital skills among senior leaders be a threat to PR? http://goo.gl/3P7iJN, Facebook is changing the way its counts 'Likes' for business pages. These changes will offer businesses a clearer, more accurate idea of their Facebook audience. http://goo.gl/wu12Ha, The University of Oklahoma president, and other university officials, have wasted no time in condemning the students of Sigma Alpha Epsilon for chanting racist epithets. The local chapter of the fraternity has been closed and students could face other punishments. See the story here: http://goo.gl/nkpB23 and tell us, would you have handled this crisis differently?, Happy #NationalCerealDay! What do you think Zippy's favorite cereal is?, #Instagram has surpassed #Twitter to become the second most popular social media network. Due to its rapid growth, organizations want a piece of the action. Therefore, Instagram will be releasing ‘carousel ads’ to help organizations tell their story. http://ow.ly/3xsKSb What do you think of seeing advertisements on Instagram?, Coca-Cola recently released an advertisement for Fanta that referred to 1940’s Germany as the ‘good old days.’ Many people were outraged and the ad has since been pulled. Do you think the ad was in poor taste? http://ow.ly/3xrJWC, Target recently released its "roadmap to transform business." However, halfway through the announcement they mention part of the transformation includes cutting thousands of jobs over the next two years. View the story here: http://goo.gl/TFUief and tell us if you think Target buried the lead?, Here are 15 ways you could be misusing social media: http://goo.gl/1VzugM, null, What about you? This story includes research about reading, memory and disruptions. Give us your vote below: regular books or e-books? http://goo.gl/DWNFkM, If you believe friends don't let friends give lame presentations, then you could be a Prezi Ambassador, open to college students world-wide. Look over the opportunity:
http://prezi.com/ambassadors/, Shows like “Sex and the City” give society an unrealistic view of the PR profession. As a result, we all have a friend who thinks PR pros plan parties and play on social media. Here is an article to help explain what PR really is to your friends. http://ow.ly/3xqQnR, Between Coca-Cola's 'Make it Happy' campaign, McDonald's 'Pay with Lovin'' campaign, and Dove's 'Speak Beautiful' campaign, it seems like companies are striving to make the internet and the world a kinder place. However, JetBlue is doing the same thing and not advertising it. Find out more about the 'Fly it Forward' campaign here: http://goo.gl/PcblLN. Do you think JetBlue not advertising this campaign gives it more credibility?, Do we put too little thought into what we post? OR: Do we put too much weight on what people say?  Here's an interesting read about personal image destruction:
http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/feb/21/internet-shaming-lindsey-stone-jon-ronson 
What do you think?, Looking for full-time employment, a part-time position or an internship? Stop by the UA Career Fair today from 10:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. to see what opportunities are available. Be sure to dress professional and bring copies of your resume. For more information visit: http://goo.gl/cxDa0M., American Airlines is taking some heat on social media for waiting to long to tell hundreds of passengers that their luggage never made it onto the flight. See the story here http://goo.gl/7kfYyp. How do you think American Airlines should handle the angry passengers on social media?, Coca-Cola has launched a new campaign in Puerto Rico that utilizes emojis in place of the web address. Customers can use a variety of emoji faces, including www.😂.ws, on a mobile device and be re-routed to the Coca-Cola Puerto Rico website. Do you think we could see emoji web addresses world wide in the future? #EmotiCoke http://ow.ly/3xeASe, A recent study by Pew Research Center shows that communication is the most important skill kids need to get ahead in the world today! http://goo.gl/eu6uIR, As a part of the #SpeakBeautiful campaign, Dove will begin monitoring Twitter for negative tweets about appearance and body image. Then, Dove will use self-esteem experts to send that user a positive message! The campaign is part of a greater movement by Twitter to remove negative attitudes on the site. Do you think this campaign could help make Twitter a more positive place? http://goo.gl/hN9G4g, Twitter helps a student choose a college. 
Did you use it? Should colleges use it more?
http://college.usatoday.com/2015/02/16/how-one-student-used-twitter-to-figure-out-which-college-was-right-for-her/?utm_source=feedblitz&utm_medium=FeedBlitzRss&utm_campaign=usatodaycomtech-personaltalk, A Krispy Kreme store in England is forced to pull "KKK Wednesday" promotion after customers point out that those initials have a dark meaning in America. See the story here: http://goo.gl/9cEvR8. Do you think #KrispyKreme made the right decision?, No classes today in observance of Presidents' Day. Enjoy your Tuesday off!, Another Valentine’s Day has come and gone, and once again, 1-800-Flowers is having a miserable few days on social media. Check out the story here http://ow.ly/3x91Re and tell us, how should the flower company handle this PR mess?, With #ValentinesDay tomorrow, keep in mind that these 8 modern dating rules can also be applied to #PublicRelations: http://ow.ly/3x882R, Brian Williams is currently in the middle of a career-threatening controversy after repeatedly telling a false story. What do you think Williams should do to manage his crisis? http://goo.gl/L4MPwI, Papa John's tried apologizing after a delivery driver gave out Iggy Azalea's personal phone number. However, the apology went horribly wrong. http://goo.gl/FtbfCv, INFOGRAPHIC: 26 crazy facts you probably never knew about #Google. http://ow.ly/3x33TE, Coca-Cola ran into some trouble with their new automated #MakeItHappy campaign. What do you think of Cokes campaign to try to make the Internet a nicer place? http://goo.gl/kqP3Ol, Comcast has the lowest customer service scores in the country, and this recent name-calling incident reminds us why. http://goo.gl/R6de8J, Need an internship this summer? The deadline for applying for a summer internship through the School of Communication Internship Program is tomorrow, Friday, February 6. Applications are available in the main office in Kolbe and on the Internship bulletin board on the first floor., McDonald's recently launched a new promotion where customers will be randomly selected to pay for their food with "lovin'" instead of money. Watch the commercial here http://goo.gl/Qy7bSq and tell us what you think of this PR stunt., Not sure what to do for a snow day? May want to consider applying for OAB Scholarship. Ohio Association of Broadcasters annually awards a $3,000 scholarship to two exemplary college students in Ohio. For more details, please see www.oab.org/scholarships Application deadline is 2/28/15, University of Akron's main campus will be closed again tomorrow. Stay SAFE and warm everyone!, Earlier this morning Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, you know what that means, six more weeks of winter! #GroundhogDay http://goo.gl/dG76c4, Happy Monday! Please drive and walk safe..., Stay updated on the most talked about commercials from the #SuperBowlXLIX and tell us which commercial is your favorite!, INFOGRAPHIC: How you spent your time online in 2014. http://goo.gl/6DXwYX, SOC Graduate Students, if you would like to take the Comprehensive Exam for Spring 2015, please email Dr. Tang Tang by tomorrow (1/30/15) identifying your topic area (Media, Comm., or PR). The Comprehensive Exam will be administered on Friday 4/3/15., Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch attended the Super Bowl Media Day just so the #NFL wouldn’t fine him $500,000. However, he answered every question with the same one-line response. View the story here: http://goo.gl/6EFSi2 and tell us if you think this was a smart PR move or a big mistake?, Students from the School of Communication Converged Media Immersion Program attended today’s Akron Roundtable event with speaker and author, Steven Johnson, of the “How We Got to Know” program from PBS. Their favorite quote from his talk was, “Change favors the connected mind.”

SOC students are pictured with Dean Chand Midha of the Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences; and SOC students and faculty member Julie Cajigas are pictured with Steven Johnson, If Facebook hurting YOUR college career?
http://campustechnology.com/articles/2015/01/22/report-facebook-use-affects-gpa-in-freshmen-not-seniors.aspx
Let us know what your thoughts are . . ., See who just came back from Miami. Our SOC student @Jay Jackman, has been selected as one of the 2015 NATPE interns (National Association of TV Program Executives). As a NATPE intern, he had a chance to meet the industry leaders and  receive a unique, behind-the-scenes view of the media industry. Jay was one of the 20 students who got this opportunity nationwide. Thanks Jay for making the School so proud!, It appears that overnight both Facebook and Instagram were down for about an hour. It has been called “the great social media meltdown of 2015.” Check out the story here: http://goo.gl/BCZJQs. Would you be ok without social media? #FacebookDown, Have you ever wanted to acknowledge a post on Facebook but "like" didn't feel appropriate? If so you're not alone, in fact, the future of Facebook may incorporate a "sympathy" button. Would you use a "sympathy" button on Facebook? http://goo.gl/2SvQdp, Happy Monday! Today is the last day to add a course for Spring 2015. If you still need to add a class, please do so by the end of the day., Hope this is what you learned from the School of Communication this week. Have a good weekend everyone :-), A recent study states that marketers will spend more on social media in 2015. http://goo.gl/xwjUZ7, Only take less than 20 seconds to make a purchase decision. Interesting article!, The 2380 Film Club will host a film festival on 4/20/15. Please join them at the Nightlight Theater., Here are 5 lessons PR and marketing pros can learn from some of America's most hated companies. http://goo.gl/PhKMiM, SOC Graduate Students, please note that NCA Convention Central is now open for submissions. The submission deadline is 3/25/15. NCA2015 will be held in Las Vegas from 11/19/15 to 11/22/15. http://www.natcom.org/convention/, A Blackberry brand manager got caught using an iPhone to send a company tweet. Do you think this is a reason to keep social media within company confines? http://goo.gl/7l6iG1, Who are you? What's your personal brand? What words would best promote you? PromaxBDA Student Story Challenge will allow you to tell your own story. Give it a try! The winner for the contest will receive $1,500 cash prize and PromaxBDA award. The submission deadline is 2/26/15. https://promaxbda.org/awards/current-awards/2015-student-story-challenge, URGENT LAST MINUTE OPPORTUNITY: Current SoC students can get free tickets to the Akron Roundtable “How We Got To Now: Lessons from History's Unsung Innovators,” featuring bestselling author Steven Johnson on Tues, 1/27 from 12-1p.m. in Quaker Square. The Buchtel College of Arts and Sciences has just received last minute tickets for this event, which includes lunch. To get your ticket, contact Julie Cajigas at julieca@uakron.edu by 8 a.m. tomorrow, Weds, January 21.
https://www.akronroundtable.org/speakers/steven-johnson/2579, Opportunity to practice as a foreign correspondent in Italy and Turkey. Check it out..., Chipotle's recent pork shortage could have created PR issues, but instead it created a PR win. http://goo.gl/JUwwZi, Interesting article about women and leadership., No classes will be held today at the University of Akron in observance of Martin Luther King Day., Happy Happy Friday! The School of Communication wishes you all have a very safe and happy long weekend., Interested in an event coordinator (part-time) job? Check it out! Thanks Julie Cajigas for sharing this opportunity with us., Want to have a career jump start in media industries? National Association of Broadcasters is offering a Media Sales Institute in Ohio! The program is FREE. More than 75% of the MSI graduates landed a job within a month after the program. Check the program out! http://www.nabef.org/msi/registration.asp If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Dr. Tang Tang (tangt@uakron.edu)., Brand new social media use data from Pew Research Center., Have a "wondering Wednesday"? Not sure what to wear? Wear your blue and gold today! Let's celebrate the pride of Zips in style! #UAPrideDay, Welcome to Spring 2015! Have a great first day of classes! Go COMMS!!, HSBC wanted to wish its customers a happy holiday season. However their message included a statement that many customers felt was not appropriate for a holiday thank you. What do you think about HSBC's holiday message? http://goo.gl/fYU2P0, Congratulations to all of our graduates - we are so proud!, Best Buy reminds us that just because something is popular it doesn't make it fair game for social media. http://goo.gl/69bnw5, Coca-Cola is facing criticism over ads that ran last month for its new Fairlife milk brand. Check out the ads and tell us if you think the new Fairlife milk campaign is sexist. http://goo.gl/Ew5TJW, It's great to see that student projects are having a real impact on Community Organizations in the Akron area. Did your class do a service learning project? Send us a message so we can feature it here., McDonald’s recently shared a video revealing what is really in a Chicken McNugget. The video is getting mixed reviews. What do you think about McDonald’s attempt at being more transparent? http://goo.gl/9dr5tI, Many brand managers know a strong digital presence is important. Do you think that buying a big online following worth the money? http://goo.gl/GUXPnY, All this week, the Student Union will be the Study Union, with extended hours and freebies to get you ready for finals. See full schedule here: http://goo.gl/ySb71u, In the aftermath of a massive hack, Sony releases internal communications to the public. What do you think of their decision to use internal communications as PR material? http://goo.gl/5iUQa6, Malaysia Airlines recently reminded us why self-awareness is important when using social media. Last week the airline tweeted, "Want to go somewhere, but don't know where?" How do you think Malaysia Airlines should handle this situation? http://goo.gl/3jQlv3, Bill Cosby refusing to address sexual assault allegations is being labeled as the worst media disaster of November. Cosby's attempt to manage the scandal has been filled with crisis communication mistakes. What do you think Cosby could have done to handle the situation better? http://goo.gl/XNE3JK, INFOGRAPHIC: What exactly are millennial's spending their money on? http://goo.gl/n9qDfa, Happy Thanksgiving!, Twitter launched a new feature that allows users to be able to find any tweet ever sent. Do you think that having access to trillion of public tweets will be beneficial for users. http://goo.gl/Vg0Z5o, With the decline in profits, Kellogg's is positioning themselves for a rebranding win. What do you think of Kellogg's decision to focus less on boxed cereal and more on snacks? http://goo.gl/DVKqtW, Dave & Buster's asks customers to accept their apology for a taco tweet. Do you think Dave & Buster's tweet was insensitive? http://goo.gl/ak7n1i, Public Relations Strategies visits thunder::tech, an integrated Marketing, PR, Web, Design and Multimedia agency in Cleveland. The students learned a lot about working in a collaborative, converged environment. Thanks for having us thunder::tech!, The power of a tweet. http://goo.gl/YVhvxP, Facebook is trying to take over office communications with a new website known as "Facebook at Work." Do you think that using Facebook to help employees collaborate better could work? http://goo.gl/un23Jm, Snapchat has joined the cash-transfer business with their new app called "Snapcash." The app ensures that your credit card information will be stored securely. In the aftermath of the Snapchat photo leaks would you trust Snapcash to keep your information secure? http://goo.gl/8mAqOI, Home depot has been hacked for the second time in 3 months. This time more than 53 million emails were stolen. Home Depot is taking responsibility of the issue, however, many not impressed by the company's apology. What do you think of how Home Depot is handling the most recent breach in their customer's confidence? http://goo.gl/v9hBr9, Sephora is being accused of banning customers who spend thousands of dollars a year with them from placing orders online. What is more shocking is that all of these customers have something in common. Do you think Sephora's decision was justified or a poor decision? http://goo.gl/GJ0bBZ, IHOP has been using 'Tumblr-speak' on Twitter and it seems to be working for them. Do you find IHOPS attempt at reaching their younger audiences smart or embarrassing? http://goo.gl/my3zoy, Recently Facebook added a button that will allow users the ability to donate to nonprofits working to fight Ebola right from their newsfeed. Facebook hopes that the donation button will increase money going to the response efforts. Do you agree with Facebook's decision to add a donation button to users newsfeed? http://goo.gl/zaaGaq, 'Alex from Target' has taken over social media. Recently the sudden viral sensation has been called a marketing stunt, however that may not be the case. Stunt or not this story is a perfect example of the power of social media! Do you think 'Alex from Target' was a planned marketing stunt? http://goo.gl/zT2aKY, Washington's NFL team owner Dan Snyder has made the decision to sue the Native American group that brought up patent complaints about the Redskins team name. Do you think Snyder's decision will have consequences for the franchise? http://goo.gl/C4ORNV, CNET, a website focused on technology, is releasing a print magazine. Communication professionals are calling it "a very bold decision." What do you think of CNET's decision to enter the world of print media? http://goo.gl/0qbZ1t, Congratulations to Dajah Bishop, a student in the School of Communication, for being one of four UA students to win one semester of free tuition! Dajah was awarded this tuition prize for being the student who used #ZipsBlackout on social media the most leading up to the big Zips Football game on Tuesday. Way to go Dajah! http://goo.gl/dnehJ6, EVENT: Dr. Mary Triece, a professor in the School of Communication, will be speaking today, November 6th, 2014 at 11 a.m. in Leigh Hall 414. Her talk today is titled "Telling It Like it Is": Women and Welfare Rights Struggles. We look forward to seeing you there!, Richard Branson defends the space travel program after the crash of a Virgin Galactic Space Ship. He states that they will learn from this event and "push on." What do you think about Branson's response to this deadly event? http://goo.gl/RI3sYo, EVENT: Dr. Mary Triece, a professor in the School of Communication, will be speaking on campus Thursday, November 6th at 11 a.m. in Leigh Hall 414. Her talk is titled "Telling It Like it Is": Women and Welfare Rights Struggles. Triece has written many books and research articles focused on women's struggles in protest movement of the late 19th and 20th centuries. We look forward to seeing you there!, Happy Halloween from ZTV and WZIP students and faculty who attended the 2014 ZTV/WZIP Halloween party. There were some fantastic costumes and fun was had by all. Thinking of joining one of our award-winning media outlets? Come visit us on the third floor of Kolbe!, Have a safe and happy Halloween! #FearTheRoo (photo courtesy of ClevelandChick213 on Instagram), The University of Akron is using an infomercial to urge students to graduate in a timely manner. http://goo.gl/OQWZoS, Many of us know the impact social media can have on business, but is it possible that the relationships we develop on social media are now mandatory for a successful career? http://goo.gl/O4lt0G, Taco Bell has blacked out all of their social pages today to promote the launch of their new app. Do you think this was a smart PR move? #onlyintheapp http://goo.gl/zQh4OI, Looking for a fun Halloween activity? Create a response to SoC student Tyler Adams' Bean Boozled challenge video. Yum., Have a beautiful fall weekend., Toys R Us pulls 'Breaking Bad' figurines from the shelves after a Florida mom filed a petition. What do you think about the decision to remove these figurines from the stores? http://goo.gl/LQJFql, Have you ever seen a post on Facebook and wished you could "dislike" it? Facebook explains why you will not be seeing a "dislike" button anytime soon. Do you agree with the decision to not include a "dislike" option? http://goo.gl/gdYF9e, Starbucks recently updated their dress code to allow employees to have visible tattoos and a few piercings. What do you think of this PR move? http://goo.gl/FeP3Uz, Don't forget to vote for Zippy in this week's Capitol One Mascot Challenge match-up! This weeks theme is all about the fall. What do you think Zippy's favorite fall activity is? http://goo.gl/HDkpt3, Facebook plans to launch a new feature called Facebook Safety, which will allow users to mark themselves as safe during large-scale natural disasters. Find out more about this feature here http://goo.gl/rlyzCL. Do you think this is a good idea?, null, A recent survey showed that teenagers prefer Instagram over Facebook. Why do you think teenage social media users are losing interest in Facebook? http://goo.gl/stlOhG, EVENT: Eileen Korey, Chief Communications Officer for The University of Akron will be speaking at The School of Communication Colloquium series. This event will take place Friday, October 17th from 2:15-3:30 p.m. in Kolbe Hall 56A., CMIP deadline approaching: The Converged Media Immersion Program has announced a final deadline of this Friday, October 17 for applications. If you haven't had a chance to check it out, the CMIP immerses students in video, audio, media writing and social media all in one semester. Find out more and apply by this Friday at uakron.edu/CMIP., What would you do if this happened while you were shopping?, An app thinks that it can track the spread of Ebola and Enterovirus utilizing symptoms people post on Facebook and Twitter. Do you think that this could work? http://goo.gl/OclHh8, Have you ever wondered what the best method of communication would be to deliver a certain message? Check out this article for tips from communication experts on things to consider before you hit send! http://goo.gl/82oFWM, Facebook and Twitter have become so popular that many businesses are doing away with their traditional websites. Do you think this is a good idea? http://goo.gl/n13Rax, Get ready to see more ads on Facebook. Facebook insists that the ads people see will be more relevant to them and therefore more useful to the user. What do you think about seeing more ads on Facebook? http://goo.gl/cikYMQ, Piper Kerman, Author of "Orange is the New Black," will be speaking at EJ Thomas Hall this Tuesday, October 14, 2014. This event is free to students with a valid Zip Card. http://goo.gl/AN6Z1y, EVENT TOMORROW: open to School of Communication students. Find out how to prepare your personal brand for the job market at this presentation in The Taylor Institute of Direct Marketing., Interested in working for an organization in the arts?Register now for NEOIntern's free Arts & Culture Career Day for Akron-area students, grads, and professionals, on 11/19 from 2-5 pm. Click below to learn more and register., Congratulations to Dr. Dudley Turner, who accepted the Ohio Communication Association Innovative Teacher Award today. Dr. David Ritchey spoke about Dr. Turner's many accomplishments and the event was well attended by SoC faculty and graduate students., A big thanks to UA alum Bill Fritsch, CEO of Digital Kitchen, who took the time to share his inspirational career and work with The University of Akron students, including two of our SoC classes, this week. Thanks also to the Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing, who brought Bill, a graduate of the CBA back to campus to share his wisdom. To learn more about the exciting work done by dk, or to share with your class (faculty), view their case studies here: http://thisisdk.com/work, Melbourn Squash Club's logo looks like a bunch of squiggly lines. However, many believe that it perfectly sums up the game of squash. What do you think of this logo? http://goo.gl/ZgWg7e, It was such an honor to be visited by Dave Berg, the NBC-TV producer of Jay Leno's The Tonight Show here at The University of Akron. Students appreciated the opportunity to pick his brain about everything from his favorite guests to his tips for launching a career in media. Many thanks to Dave for generously sharing his time and experience, and to The Buchtelite for this lovely article. Thanks also to his lovely wife and manager Mary Berg. We enjoyed meeting you both so much! , Don't forget to complete this weeks #CapitalOneZippy 50 and 100 point challenge. This week is workout themed. UA's Student Recreation Center is making it easy for you to take photos for this week's challenge. See a staff member when you arrive at the Rec and don't forget to rock your Akron gear! Visit http://goo.gl/wkFIvj to get your votes in now!, These days PR is much more than Media Relations. Read this article to find out why http://goo.gl/y4si4f. Do you agree?, Our favorite social media sites are always evolving. This article breaks down Facebook and Twitter's search for the perfect news feed. Do you think the constant change of how information is delivered to us via social media is necessary to maintain our interest? http://goo.gl/PZMNES, UA's Annual China Week kicks off today. China Week allows students to explore China's culture, economics, history, and much more! For a full list of events visit http://goo.gl/ryTWpO., If Zippy owned a pet what kind of pet would she own and what would she name it?  Answer this weeks 50 & 100 point questions and vote everyday. This week is going to be a battle! http://goo.gl/qBkCF4, Stop by The Student Union Ballroom B from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. today for Gamma Kappa’s Glocal event where local businesses will show how they function on an international scale. Visit http://goo.gl/L0wP3H for more information about this event., Event: Join Gamma Kappa for Glocal, an international business showcase in which local businesses will show how they function on an international scale. This event will take place on September 25th, 2014 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Student Union Ballroom B. For more information about this event visit http://goo.gl/L0wP3H., UA and Kanga Communication Alum Ryan Rimmele spoke to UA students about how the skills he learned as a part of Kanga, a student run Social Media Agency, helped him get a job after college. To get more information about Kanga visit their Facebook page at http://goo.gl/MnOna5., Faculty Members Show Their Colors: Do you recognize the faculty members in this picture? How about the colors they are wearing? Feel free to guess their identity in the comments, and check out the School of Communication homepage to get some answers http://uakron.edu/schlcomm., Full house for Dave Berg, Tonight Show with Jay Leno producer. He's sharing a clip of John F Kennedy, Jr., one of his favorite guests of all time. Hearing the behind-the-scenes is fascinating., Dr. Terry Lueck is treating Dave Berg from the Tonight Show and his lovely wife Mary to lunch in the Crystal Room. The lunch conversation is fascinating! You can ask your questions at today's free presentation from 2-3 pm in the Paul Daum Theatre. (Free and open to the public)., Alert: Come hear Dave Berg, NBC-TV producer of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno talk about his experiences in late night TODAY from 2-3 pm in the Paul Daum Theatre. Free and open to the public! See you there., This PR agency believes cutting back on email will increase employee productivity, creativity and satisfaction. Do you agree? http://goo.gl/2g7px0, On the list of qualifications from a communication job ad today: "Ability to stay abreast of converging media and new technologies, including familiarity with web site platforms and social media tools."

If you would like to maximize your command of media, please consider the Converged Media Immersion Program. We have open houses to learn more on Tuesday, September 23 at 5 p.m. in Kolbe 56A and Wednesday, September 24 at noon in Kolbe 56A. 

Hope to see you there! http://www.uakron.edu/CMIP , Somebody the app delivers your messages -  in person. The artist responsible says it's putting the "social" back into social media. Would you deliver a message to a stranger? http://goo.gl/OSl0oH, Dr. Paul Haridakis advanced the idea that the study of media effects is ultimately the study of how the individual uses media, which means to really understand effects we have to study individual differences. Thanks for sharing your research with us!, Dr. Paul Haridakis tells the research colloquium about the importance of the history of our field., An exciting moment before the Colloquium when Fox 8 popped in to shoot a live segment. There's never a dull moment in the School of Communication., The University of Akron is proud to announce the Converged Media Immersion Program. This program allows students from any college or major to build their multimedia skills and get the edge in their future job search. Apply by September 26th to secure your spot for the Spring semester (applications will be accepted till program spots fill) https://www.uakron.edu/cmip/, UA and WZIP Alum Dr. Paul Haridakis will be joining The School of Communication’s Colloquium Series on Friday, Sept. 19. Haridakis will speak about “The Need to Understand the Media User in Order to Understand Media Use and Effects” from 2:15 to 3:30 p.m. in Kolbe Hall 56A. http://www2.kent.edu/cci/faculty/people/~pharidak/, We are so excited to announce that Dave Berg, a former NBC-TV Producer of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno will be giving a lecture in the Paul Daum Theatre on Tuesday, September 23 at 2 p.m. This event is free and open to the public, and we would like to encourage community members to come. For more information, RSVP to the event listing below. See you there!, Friend the Roo: Mrs. Bonnie Keiper, left, and Dr. Terry Lueck, right, encourage Tim French, Fountainhead Press, to “friend the Roo.”
Lueck, the School’s interim director, and Keiper, coordinator of General Education speech, presented representatives of the press with a bottle of Red Roo wine to celebrate the announcement that Fountainhead Press will support the School of Communication’s annual speech competition in the spring., In an effort to boost business, Malaysia Airlines launched a new promotion. The promotion left customers even more outraged. What do you think of this Malaysia Airlines promo? http://goo.gl/skHn2O, A brand new season of ZTV programming kicks off today. Check it out if you're on campus, or watch it online at http://ztv.uakron.edu., Here's a great internship opportunity for anyone interested in public relations or organizational communication in the government or healthcare industry. The internship runs November - April. Check it out., From U of Akron:
Tornado Warning issued.
TORNADO WARNING for MAIN CAMPUS has been extended until 5:45 PM. Seek shelter at once, away from windows, on lowest lev, If you are in Kolbe Hall, proceed to the basement level to take shelter during the tornado warning.

From U of Akron:
Tornado Warning issued.
TORNADO WARNING issued for MAIN CAMPUS. Seek shelter at once, away from windows, on lowest level., Internship Alert: Public Relations and Marketing Intern Assistant http://jobs.cleveland.com/jobs/public-relations-marketing-intern-assistant-rocky-river-ohio-68725669-d, From SoC faculty member, Dr. Dudley Turner: "If you thought social media helped get the word out, helped spread opinions and ideas, or helped in the democratic process, you would only be partially correct." Check our Dr. Turner's blog to learn more about what is stifling opinion sharing on social media:
, The first PRSSA meeting is today from 4:30 to 5:15 p.m. in Kolbe Hall 111. This meeting is open to any student who has an interest in joining the organization. To get ready for today's meeting, check out this article with back to school tips for PR and Communication students. http://ow.ly/AFP4p, Open House: If you're interested in working on real social media marketing campaigns for real world clients while you're still a student, attend the Kanga Communication open house tomorrow, Weds, Sept. 3 from 4-6 p.m. in Polsky 550F. 

Kanga Communication, UA's student-run social media agency, is accepting new members. Regular meetings are Mondays from 4-6 p.m. This year, the agency is being assisted by the U Akron School of Communication Social Media Learning Lab.

Curious? See you tomorrow! , Everyone has at least one friend like the poor guy in this cartoon on TheOatmeal.com. Do you think #hashtagoveruse and #toomanyselfies are poor social media etiquette? What else might be annoying friends or turning off prospective employers?, So, students studying social media in the U Akron School of Communication Social Media Learning Lab, what do you think?, Did the ALS Association make the right decision? Did they make it soon enough? Or, do you think they were in the right for trying to trademark the ice bucket challenge? Share your thoughts!, Of course we here at The University of Akron School of Communication page love social media, but that doesn't mean that legacy media and traditional public relations should be ignored. In fact, check out this astute article that explains why traditional public relations strategies are more important than ever. http://ow.ly/APCeJ, We are so glad to see that The Buchtelite will be actively covering the news for our campus once again. We hope our SoC students will "like" the paper's Facebook page, and get engaged with their new digital approach, whether that means reading, or even becoming a reporter. Welcome back Buchtelite! , How "Akron" are you? Take a look at this list of "50 things you probably didn’t know about Akron," and let us know how many you actually did know. No cheating! Put your number in the comments below.  http://ow.ly/APBpn, New school year, new set of social media rules. Here are 10 dos and don’ts for back-to-school social media etiquette. What do you think? Do you agree with all of these? http://ow.ly/APAoa, VIDEO: Our very own School of Communication graduate and current Fox Sports Ohio broadcaster Bridget Linton offers her words of wisdom to incoming freshman. We love to hear that her experience at ZTV contributed so much to her career! Even better news? ZTV is accepting applications for the coming semester. Interested? Visit http://ztv.uakron.edu/join-ztv/ to learn more., Welcome to Fall Semester 2014 Communication students. Campus is buzzing with activity, and there are many opportunities to get involved and get experience this semester in The School of Communication. Keep an eye on our profile for more info on what's happening in Kolbe, and don't forget to check out all of the "Week of Welcome" activities available on campus. Here's to a great school year! http://ow.ly/AFPuE, Tomorrow is the big day - is everyone ready for the new school year?, Angela DelBrocco drew on her father's advice, her education and ... Shark Week, to deliver the following, excellent advice to #uakron14 grads: "let your education stabilize you through life's big waves, be persistent, and always keep moving (swimming) forward - be a shark!" Congratulations grads! , Congratulations to our student Angela DelBrocco - we are very proud of you and can't wait to hear you speak at graduation this Saturday! Congratulations also to all of our Summer 2014 graduates.  #uakron14, The Social Media Learning Lab is pleased to welcome our new graduate assistant Fiona Hughes who will be developing new content for the School of Communication social media profiles, as well as assisting with other lab projects - welcome Fiona!, Welcome to our new page fans. We hope everyone is enjoying their summer (and their summer classes)!, Still thinking of getting ahead by taking a summer class in the second five week session?

Sign up for Persuasion! 

We are exposed to 300 – 3,000 persuasive message every day.  How do you handle it?

Persuasion class helps you become a better consumer of persuasion, learning how we are influenced by attitudes, claims, pictures and subtle nudges to think what they want us to think.  Being fully online, you can study, write and take quizzes on your schedule.  

Persuasion – fully online Summer II 2014
(July 14 – August 15, 2014), Thinking of taking a course during the second five week summer session? Several courses still have space!

Sign up for Radio TV Writing - This course provides the techniques and practice of writing various types of material for television, radio and new media/webisodes. After successfully completing this course, students will learn and practice appropriate writing style for various media; practice developing, shaping and writing effective copy including style, format, and content; be able to rewrite copy from the wire service for different media; develop concepts for news, commercials, interview/talk shows, and fiction and non-fiction programs; and produce work on short deadlines., What do you think of this fear-appeal-to-the-extreme? Effective, or too over-the-top to create the desired response?, A chewing gum company, looking to increase positive public perception of the use of their product, stages an interesting "experiment.", It's just about time for summer session 5 week 1! Have you signed up yet?, Happy Memorial Day! Thank you to all veterans for their service to our country., Congratulations to SoC Spring 2014 graduate Alexa Brower on her new job with 4M Emergency, Inc.!

Would you like to have your new position, award or accolade posted? Send us a message and tell us about it., SoC faculty member Julie Cajigas would like you to join her Interpersonal Communication class for three weeks STARTING THIS COMING MONDAY.

Interpersonal communication is an incredibly useful subject that helps us know how to fight, how to make up, how to break up and how to communicate with a variety of people throughout our lifetime.

This Monday? Sure, it would necessitate some changed plans, but just imagine getting a full course out of the way in three weeks while having a great time and learning extremely valuable skills that can apply to any career, and to your relationships with family and friends.

Hope to see you there!, Did you ever wonder what happens in our television studio? Check out this course spotlight on Studio Production:, Our University gets it when it comes to leveraging social media! Are you one of the grads featured in this storify?, ATTN PR GRADS: Join this live tweet chat, and connect with PR professionals around the country to talk about how new grads can plan and prepare for a full-time career. You can join in on Twitter with the PRSA New Professionals hashtag: #NPPRSA or by visiting www.twubs.com/NPPRSA., Congratulations to Dr. Tang and family on the birth of her son! Little Maxx was born today at 7:00 a.m. and weighed in at 7 pounds 4 oz. It was a very happy Mother's Day indeed!, Happy Mother's Day to our faculty, staff, student, and alumni moms. We hope everyone in our school family and all moms everywhere enjoy their special day!, Congratulations to our undergraduate and graduate students who marched in today's graduation ceremonies! We are very proud of you, and can't wait to see the places you go with your degrees. Please keep us updated on all your successes!, SoC alum Rob Lucas plans to promote his documentary "Stella Walsh" at Cannes. How can you help? Lucas needs funding to license footage for the already finished film Consider becoming a backer of his kickstarter project here, and help a Zip out!, Take Interpersonal Communication during the intersession, starting May 19, and earn three credits in just three weeks! Watch below to meet the professor, Dr. Elizabeth Graham, and learn more about 7600-235 Interpersonal Communication…

For more information, visit the course schedule at my.uakron.edu and enroll today!, Celebrating the newly tenured Drs. Pipps and Tang at The Lockview., Congratulations to the newly tenured Dr. Val Pipps and Dr. Tang Tang!, Take Communication & Conflict during the intersession, starting May 19, and earn three credits in just three weeks! Watch below to meet the professor, Dr. Heather Walter, and learn more about Special Topics 7600-450 Communication & Conflict…

For more information, visit the course schedule at my.uakron.edu and enroll today., Don't you wish you were a member of the President's social media team right about now?, EVENT ALERT: Katie Young, one of our talented SoC Alumna, is holding a local watch party for her documentary "The Graceful Descent," an exciting new approach to the eco-documentary film genre. The Graceful Descent takes us “full steam ahead into the pig poop and dirt digging sweat that is a part of organic farming.” 

This SoC grad and a panel of local filmmakers will be at the Solon Mustard Seed Viewing Party for a private viewing of the film on Sunday May 4 at 5:30 p.m.. For $15, you can meet them, chat, see the film and enjoy some tasty hors d'oeuvres drinks.

Congratulations Katie!

Learn more about the film at the film's Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/gracefuldescentmovie

Watch The Graceful Descent trailer: http://www.thegracefuldescentmovie.com/trailer Download or purchase The Graceful Descent via Amazon: www.createspace.com/399108, Come follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/SchlCommUA, Take New Media Writing this Summer (5wk2) and learn how to write for a variety of new media outlets including social media, blogs and more. Watch below to meet the professor, Dr. Val Pipps, and learn more about New Media Writing…
 
For more information, visit the course schedule at my.uakron.edu and enroll today., Take Interviewing this Summer (5wk1) and learn how to nail that job interview or get the scoop as an investigative journalist. Watch below to meet the professor, Juan E. Contreras, and learn more about Interviewing...

For more information, visit the course schedule at my.uakron.edu and enroll today., Looking for something fun to do on campus this afternoon? Check out the 2380 Film Club Short Film Festival at 4 p.m. in the Student Union Theater., Take Women, Minorities & Media in the summer intercession starting May 19, and earn 3 credits in 3 weeks - in a fascinating subject area. Meet the professor, Dr. Lueck, and learn more about the class in this video...

7600-446 Women, Minorities & Media is offered in the intercession from May 19 - June 8. For more information, visit the course schedule at uakron.edu, and enroll today., Graduating SoC seniors - are you updating your resume to land that first job? Make yourself stand out!, Get ahead, and get done faster by taking a summer class! Over the next few weeks, we'll let you know more about our exciting classes. These two summer offerings are taught by cinema expert and faculty member Gabriel Giralt:

7600-481: Film as Art
Get introduced to the exciting world of Hollywood and European Cinema from the perspective of film production. Students will screen classic films.

7600-280: Media Production Techniques
Learn basic video skills including visual composition, camera work and editing through hands on projects.

Need more info? Check out the summer schedule!, It's a battle of persuasion as finalists in the School of Communication's third annual speech competition vie for cash prizes and title of most persuasive speech on Wednesday, April 23. The finals will be in the ballroom of Quaker Square at 6 p.m. The event is open to students, faculty and staff. We hope to see you there!

Five students remain after presenting their speeches in the preliminary round, held April 16:

Brian Beck, a sophomore human resource management major, for "Heart Disease in America," under the instruction of Beth Winter.

Alexandria Schall, a senior in business administration, for "The Truth about Water Fluoridation," under the instruction of Mark Rittenour.

Julia Smagacz, a freshman majoring in integrated language arts, for "The Dangers of Food Additives," under the instruction of Angela Brodie.

Scott Thompson, a freshman business management major, for "Saving for Retirement: Better Now than Later," under the instruction of Beth Winter.

Andrew Wuellner, a sophomore in pre-physical therapy, for "Our Lack of Financial Education and the Price We Pay," under the instruction of David Ferris.

Come cheer them on tomorrow!, Any filmmakers out there interested in having your short film screened?:, Paid PR Internship available for Summer 2014: , SoC faculty member Julie Cajigas can be seen on WVIZ/PBS tonight as part of the Cleveland Orchestra Chamber Chorus. Tune in at 10 p.m. to see the orchestra perform Bruckner's 4th Symphony, then after 11, the chorus will perform two motets. Here's some information on the program: , It's time for Fall registration already, but don't forget to sign up for Summer classes as well. Have you ever wondered where you can find important University of Akron Dates, like the start of registration or due dates for graduation applications? Click below for the University's official Annual Calendar 2013-2014!, Congratulations to The University of Akron School of Communication student Ashleigh Feaster and WZIP-FM DJ for winning $50,000 on MTV reality show "Are You The One?"

Check out the reunion special, which airs at 11 p.m. Tuesday, April 1, on MTV to cheer Ashleigh on!, What should they name the new Akron Rubber Ducks Mascot? See the names and vote for the one you like the best., Congratulations to Dr. Mary Triece on her book signing and reading today at the Barnes and Noble! Click here to see her book and order a copy: http://amzn.to/1lXUhY4, Whoops - what happens when your spokesperson has a problem with your product? Hopefully he or she doesn't tweet about it (tweets are forever, even when deleted):, Drs. Walter and Stansberry are conducting some research on social media use and perceptions of employees. Would you be willing to complete this survey and spread the word to your friends? We have some $25 Amazon Gift Cards that we will be raffling off for those that participate and want to share their emails. You don't have to share your email address though, and can remain completely anonymous if you prefer. The survey should take you less than 10 minutes to complete!! Much thanks to all that participate or share this link!!!!, Just another reminder of what a global society we live in, and how careful we need to be online, an email from Cleveland COM exec Kelly Blazek to a job-seeker has gone viral. In response, Blazek, who curates a job board for PR/Marketing jobs, shut down her social media sites and her website. Did she make the right move taking down her profiles? What do you think?, PR Fail: Mozilla needed to announce that they would be placing "sponsored" advertisement tiles on users' browser opening screens the first 30 days that they use their free download of Firefox, in order to support their business. This is the blog post they used to do it. As you can see, the comments are predominantly negative. Where did Mozilla go wrong? How would you make the announcement?
, Are you a Communication nerd? These Interpersonal Comm students from North Dakota sure are! What would the video for your Comm discipline look like? , Whoops... Purell may not have anticipated what the wrath of Northeast Ohio might look like. Check out their Super Bowl social media snafu: , Are you immersed in the Super Bowl ads? Tell us which ad was your favorite and why, or, link your favorite social media update by a company during the game and tell us what you thought!, There's still an hour left for free donuts... don't miss out!, PR Fail: This video shows how your CEO should NOT answer questions at a press conference after one of your chemical containers leaked, contaminating the drinking water for more than 300,000 people. The bottle of Aquafina (water is scarce and rationed there), is a particularly nice "evil CEO" touch. Take a few minutes to search for and read the story surrounding this chemical spill and the PR response - it's a great lesson in what not to do. 

An interesting side note: the company's PR firm quit just days after this interview., Welcome back students! We hope everyone had a wonderful first day of Spring 2014., Looking for an internship? Check out the Akron Rubber Ducks 2014 internship fair!, Internship Opportunity: Social Media Intern

Company
Steven’s Strategic Communication (SSC) is a full service integrated marketing, corporate and crisis communication firm.

Description
Public Relations firm is seeking an intern to monitor and maintain various aspects of both internal and external social media and online communities. In addition to social media, the ideal candidate will also possess experience in digital marketing i.e. Google Adwords, e-blasts. Interns will work in a variety of areas including virtual business strategy development and execution as well as public relations. 

Responsibilities
• Monitoring and analyzing assigned social media accounts. 
• Creating new campaigns and marketing strategies.
• Implementing social media programs and communications.

Requirements
• Coursework and/or major in business, sales, marketing, public relations or general communications.
• Provide links to 1-3 social networking profiles to demonstrate interest and knowledge 
• Possesses skills in writing, presentation, interpersonal relations and customer management.
• Performs well in environment that values creativity, flexibility and variety.
• Exhibits personal qualities, such as open-mindedness, enthusiasm, and adaptability.
• Prefers challenges, fast pace, new ideas, future focus, and unstructured environment.
• Team player who is not afraid to work hard.
• High social media IQ.

How to Apply

Send Resumes to:

Jennie Ford
Director of Digital Marketing 
jford@stevensstrategic.com

*This internship will entail the following* 
10 to 20 hours per week during school year and 20 to 40 hours per week during summer break/ $10/hr, In case you missed it, Dr. Stansberry and the U Akron School of Communication Social Media Learning Lab are famous:, Our own Dr. Katie Stansberry is quoted in this story filled with predictions from UA experts for 2014. What are you looking forward to in 2014? Happy New Year from The University of Akron School of Communication!, Are your social media profiles fully realized and job-hunt ready? Getting a job isn't just about the traditional job search anymore. Check out how this barber used Instagram to land his dream gig., Cleveland integrated marketing and communication agency thunder::tech is looking for a part-time Communication Assistant. The job ad asks for current students or recent graduates with 1-3 years of experience. What a great way to get your foot in the door at a vibrant agency! http://www.thundertech.com/communications-assistant-part-time.aspx , Let's help out some of our campus friends by taking this survey about being a student at The University of Akron! One of the best ways to learn about research is to participate:

Have you ever wanted to share your experiences about being a student at The University of Akron? As someone who has had the pleasure of working with undergraduate students, I’d like to hear more about what it’s been like for you in college. Please consider participating in this research study about your college experiences as it relates to family, majors, careers, and academic success. The results of this study will help the UA community learn more about your specific needs.

The survey will take about 30 minutes to complete. You must be 18 or older and in your first or second year at the university to participate. The survey can be accessed by the following link:

https://akron.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_3jBG6UeQCsE52rX

You may withdraw from the study at any time and for any reason. There is no penalty for not participating or withdrawing. There are no costs to you or any other party. You will be entered into a raffle for one of three $25 gift cards if you choose to participate. All information obtained from the study will be kept confidential. Please feel free to contact me at slr45@uakron.edu if you have any further questions. 

Thank you for your time. 

Sara Rieder Bennett, The University of Akron School of Communication welcomes a new family member! Hazel Josephine Cajigas was born Saturday, December 7 at 10:42 p.m. She is 8 pounds 1 ounce, perfectly healthy and enjoying lots of nap time. Mom is recovering and looking forward to grading final projects :-), Have you checked the course schedule lately? Several sections and courses, including Health Communication have been added and many others are still open. Take a look!, Brand vs. Bargain - what sells holidays best to customers? Are people looking for messages that share bargains, coupons and savings, or are they looking for a heartwarming emotional connection and brand values? Watch the video below, then check out this Advertising Age article where the Kohl's chief customer officer talks about the hows and whys of this heartwarming spot: http://adage.com/article/cmo-strategy/kohl-s-adjusts-holiday-marketing-mix/245177/ , If you have a minute, stop and congratulate the faculty and graduate students who will be presenting papers at the National Communication Association 99th Annual Convention this Thursday - Sunday. We have more than 13 presenters from the SoC and two top papers, one from Dr. Rebecca Britt and one from Dr. Mary Triece. 

Click below to learn more - and be sure to congratulate your favorite professors on their success., Social media moves so fast that sometimes it's hard to adapt to changes in audience and usage. Check out this article with some surprising (or maybe not-so-surprising) statistics about today's social media landscape., Research Colloquium Today at 2 p.m. in Kolbe Hall 103: Faculty and a graduate student presenting competitively selected papers at the National Communication Association 2013

(We hope you'll join us!)

Chair: Dr. Chih-Hui Lai

Dr. Rebecca Britt and Dr. Brian Britt (2013). Narrative believability in mobile tour guides: A mixed method study. Top Paper 

Mr. Scott Chappuis and Dr. Rebecca Britt (2013). From "Miss Fine" to
"I love you, Fran": A relational analysis of The Nanny.

Dr. Mary Triece (2013). Social media and the politics of space in the Honduran resistance Movement. Top Paper

Respondent: Dr. Kathleen Clark, After our recent SoC PR visit to Rosetta, several students wanted to learn more about Search Engine Optimization. Here's a basic video from CommonCraft and Search Engine Land that gives a great overview of SEO., The University of Akron SoC Public Relations students visiting MarcusThomasLLC today. We learned a lot and met some of the area's top professionals. Thanks for having us!, Pitching tip: "Ask, is now a good time?" This immediately lets you know what version of your pitch to use given the reporter's time constraints. - Chris Sledzik, Marcus Thomas., "Paint yourself as the protagonist in your own resume. Tell the story of how you got interested in something, the challenges you overcame and where you're headed next, which is what you want them to do for you. They'll remember a story." -Chris Sledzik, Marcus Thomas, Happening now: Erin Orsini, Brooke Carpenter, Stephanie Neumann, and Chris Sledzik of Marcus Thomas offering our SoC PR students a panel on being new pros in the industry., "No matter how you get your foot in the door - there's good work to do. You don't need to work for glitzy brands to get great experience. Embrace whatever work you do." -Heidi Modarelli-Frank, VP of Public Relations at the UA Marcus Thomas visit happening right now!, SoC Public Relations students visited Rosetta's Cleveland Agency Day to learn more about Customer Engagement and careers in SEO, Social Media, Analytics and more. Here's the group that met for the visit, with SoC faculty member Julie Cajigas., Have you checked out your curriculum guide lately? Each SoC concentration area has a curriculum guide that offers a suggested program of study for students. To see your curriculum guide, visit the link below and click on your area. At the bottom of the description, you'll find a link to the guide, which contains all kinds of important and useful information about your concentration.

As always, if you have questions about your academic program and plans, be sure to contact your academic advisor., Walmart Public Relations attempts to soften criticism about requiring employees to work on Thanksgiving with media placements like the one below. What do you think? Will you be out looking for Black Friday deals at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day?, Did you know that a The University of Akron School of Communication student received an Ohio Association of Broadcasters scholarship last year? Congrats to Rachel Salyer! Have you thought about applying for this prestigious scholarship opportunity? Check out the link below! Here's some of what they had to say about Rachel:

"Rachel has worked at the University of Akron’s campus television station, Z-TV, since her freshman year. She’s written, produced, hosted and directed. She also gained unimaginable experience while interning at FOX 8 in Cleveland. Every aspect of broadcasting excites her and she doesn’t plan on leaving the industry any time soon.", The music for Dirt Devil's new commercial for their Dirt Devil Vac + Dust with Swipes wasn't pleasing everyone. In fact, the organization got quite a few complaints about it (view the original commercial here: http://youtu.be/NjYL82Z-JdY). Here is the clever response from the Dirt Devil social media team:, This isn't a particularly "communication" oriented invention, but it was so cool, we thought we'd share it with you anyway. Watch the video - don't spoil the mystery!, Looking for something fun and Communication-related to do this weekend? Our Speech and Debate Team and the Akron Speech Team Alumni Association (ASTAA) are hosting two Speech Tournaments in Kolbe Hall on Saturday Nov. 9 and Sunday Nov. 10, beginning at 8:30 a.m. each day and ending with an awards ceremony at 5 p.m. The rounds are free and open to the public, so stop by Kolbe Hall 51 to learn the round schedule and support your fellow students. 

For more information, check out the story below. Hope to see you there!, Scholarship opportunity via Dr. Tang Tang - take a look!, We had a great turnout of more than 22 students for the thunder::tech agency visit. Thanks also to Dr. Kathleen Stansberry who joined us!, Public Relations Strategies students from the University of Akron School of Communication visiting thunder::tech integrated marketing and communication agency in Cleveland, Ohio., TODAY: The Research Colloquium presents Dr. George Cheney and "Cooperatives, Communication and The New Solidarity Economy" at 2 p.m. in Kolbe Hall 103. Dr. Cheney believes that good pedagogy should move us beyond the taken-for-granted, that sound research should illuminate and inspire, and that meaningful service should embrace others to better the world. We hope to see you there!, It's almost 11 p.m. - are you tuned in to see Dr. Hoffman's documentary "Monsters Among Us" on Western Reserve PBS WEAO 45 or 49 (or Time Warner Cable channel 12 or 1012)? Crack open your candy and support a member of our SoC family! In the meantime, here's a short clip to tide you over..., SoC ON TV TONIGHT: All done with your trick-or-treating? Then flip on Western Reserve PBS WEAO 45 or 49 (or on Time Warner Cable it's channel 12 or 1012) at 11 p.m. tonight to see UA SoC production wizard Dr. Phil Hoffman's Documentary "Monsters Among Us." Peer into the world of monster movie conventions and see your neighbors in a whole new light. Check out the promo video below, and be sure to tune in!

(If you're having trouble finding the station on your channel guide, just look for Western Reserve PBS WEAO.), VIRTUAL JOB FAIR: The Ohio Broadcasters Virtual Job Fair is going on until this Friday, Nov 1. Visit the link below to register for the job fair and share your resume. You can also view jobs in the field. You only have two days left to participate - don't wait! Thanks to Dr. Tang Tang for sharing this exciting opportunity., TONIGHT: Come check out what the UAST has been working on this semester at their 2013 fall showcase. Enjoy an hour of informative, dramatic, humorous, and entertaining speech. Head to Olin Hall room 124 Wednesday October 30th at 7:30pm to watch your friends, peers, and loved ones share with you the performances and speeches they've poured their hearts into. Please come show your support for this amazing activity and for the students who work hard to make The University of Akron and School of Communication proud., Kick off your Halloween with The University of Akron Student Organization the 2380 Film Club (because we're 2,380 miles from Hollywood). They are screening A Nightmare on Elm Street in CAS 438 at 7 p.m. tomorrow night (Oct 30). The screening will feature a special introduction with actors from the Nightmare film franchise. You can also pick up two slices of pizza for $1 and buy raffle tickets. See you there!, AKRON NEWS BULLETIN: The Akron Aeros are now The Akron Rubber Ducks! What do you think of the new name and logo? Do you see the webbed foot in the yellow "A" logo mark? Share your thoughts SoC family!, The UA Speech and Debate Team traveled to Purdue University in Lafayette, IN, this past weekend, and earned five national qualifications. Pictured (left to right) are coach and School of Communication faculty member, Mark Rittenour, Kyle Cotnoir (3rd Place, Extemporaneous Speaking), Greg Sauline (Tournament Champion, Prose Interpretation; 5th Place, Dramatic Interpretation; 6th Place, Impromptu Speaking), Lauren Fowkes (4th Place, Prose Interpretation, Tyler Jordan and alumna coach, Katie Giglia. Congratulations to all!, Up late studying on a Monday night? Need a pick-me-up? Check out this video that features a social science experiment based on a study that looks at the connection between gratitude and happiness in an entertaining video format. Don't blame us if you end up with a few tears and sniffles! Who are you grateful for?, Anyone heading out to be terrified at the Phi Kappa Tau haunted house tonight and tomorrow from 8pm - midnight next to the JAR? We over at the SoC have noticed the amped up lawn decor this year. If you go, post pictures and comments below - we'd love to know how it is!, Faculty & Graduate Student Workshop Announcement: Dr. Rebecca Britt, Assistant Professor in the School of Communication presents “Creating Your Online Presence: Developing your Online Teaching Portfolio,” on Thursday, October 31 from 11:00 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. in Leigh Hall 414.

Learn more and register at the link below!, Proud to see so many of our SoC students as part of the Taylor Institute's new social media agency. Can't wait to see all the great things you do!, Congratulations to faculty member Julie Cajigas who offered a "mini-course" on Social Media Success for Cleveland State University's Homecoming and School of Communication reunion with Dr. Cheryl Cheryl Campanella Bracken this past weekend. The session, which received highly positive reviews, covered the basics businesses and organizations need to be successful on social media. You can download the PowerPoint presentation here: http://bit.ly/Social201CSU

Thanks to Dr. Stansberry for this photo from the presentation., Dr . Greenwald sharing her archive searching secrets., The SoC Lecture by Dr. Marilyn Greenwald and Timothy Doulin on using public information to get the scoop is happening right now in Kolbe Hall 103. Stop by or check the comments below for highlights from their presentation., If you're planning to attend the SoC presentation event this Friday (10/18, at 2 p.m. in Kolbe 103) on journalism, and how to use digital archives and public records to get the scoop, please leave comment on this post. Feel free to use the comments to organize spontaneous dinner plans as well!, Ever wondered how our favorite journalists dig up the facts and get the scoop? Do you long to be that intrepid reporter with a hot lead? Then, the upcoming SoC research colloquium this Friday is a presentation you can't afford to miss...

OU Journalism Professor Marilyn Greenwald and her husband, award-winning reporter Timothy Doulin will present "The Stories Can They Tell: Using Public Information to Get the Scoop," this Friday, 10/18 from 2-3 p.m. in Kolbe Hall 103. The couple will share their secrets for digging into public records in the digital age. Students, faculty and community members are welcome. See you there!, Does eating popcorn and pre-preview snacks make us immune to those awesome Fathom Events and Coca-Cola advertisements before our movie starts? Maybe not, but according to a new study, it can make us immune to ads for novel brands that we haven't heard of before. 

SoC graduate student Andrew Golden shared this article that summarizes a Cologne University study about cinema snacks and advertising. Thanks Andrew!, Can mobile media and technology really enhance the traditional museum experience? The Cleveland Museum of Art thinks so. Here's a sneak peak of SoC graduate Contemporary Public Relations students touring the GalleryOne interactive installation. They also had the opportunity to meet and learn from one of the creators of the ArtLens iPad app. To read more about this exciting Cleveland-based innovation, visit the NY Times story: http://nyti.ms/19CXKE1, Looking for something to do tonight? Hanging out on Facebook? See the message below. A live tweet chat with the PRSA New Pros and @PRDaily will take place on Twitter beginning at 9:00 p.m. Follow the hashtag #NPPRSA on Twitter, and join in the conversation!, The Buchtelite did a wonderful story on our school's successes at the Ohio Communication Association Conference this past weekend. Take a look and be sure to congratulate all who were honored if you see them in the hall!, Important Announcement: The Akron PRSA has extended their deadline for the Meeker Scholarship (a $1,000 award), to Thursday, October 17. SoC students are encouraged to apply. To learn more, please visit the story below, or visit http://akronprsa.org., Did you see the blimp on its farewell tour this morning? Be sure to look up and say goodbye to this Akron institution that will be "retiring to Florida" this Friday., Congratulations to Speech and Debate Team members Greg Sauline and Amanda Layman, who were tournament finalists in duo interpretation this weekend at the George Mason University Tournament in Fairfax, VA. Amanda also deserves congratulations as a finalist in dramatic interpretation. 

From left to right in this photo we have Greg Sauline and Amanda Layman, along with their coaches Mark Rittenour and team alumna, Katie Giglia., Congratulations to Scott Chappuis and Sarah Connor for winning Top Graduate Student Paper at the Ohio Communication Association Conference this weekend!, We are pleased to announce that Dr. Heather Walter has been recognized with the Ohio Communication Association's Distinguished Teacher Award for 2013. She will receive her award tonight, during the opening evening of OCA's annual conference. Please take some time to congratulate her in person, or in the comments below. Congratulations Dr. Walter!, Should a business be held responsible for the comments of one of their sales associates? What about a receptionist in their corporate offices? Hobby Lobby's communication team is not only keeping quiet, they are also deleting Facebook posts and comments from concerned customers about the issue below. If you were Hobby Lobby, what would you do to respond to the situation?, Risky and brave, or downright foolish? This budding media professional who worked for a news organization decided to quit publicly via video. Now her video has gone viral, and has more than 2 million hits. What do you think? Is her career just taking off, or has she damaged her image beyond repair?, A Communication success story to brighten your day: 
GoPro's wearable cameras are often used by law enforcement, extreme athletes and others who want to capture their activities from a first-person perspective. The company uses videos from their customers to create buzz. Here's one that earned the title "most watched video of the day." It might not make you think "camera," but it will make you think "hero." (Warning, you may also tear up)., If you missed Dr. Roger Cooper's research presentation on The Attributes for Career Success in the Media Industries, but want some great career advice, check out the SoC website for a selection of quotes from the talk: http://bit.ly/CooperPresentation, Is all PR good PR? Check out this story from Scene Magazine about a local Food Truck fight. What do you think? Should Swensons be allowed to have their truck at Food Truck events? Should Nosh Box apologize, or is this attention only good for their business? This is a great little PR case study to examine competition and conflict., For more pearls of wisdom from Dr. Roger Cooper's presentation at the SoC Research Colloquium, see the comments on this post., "In my experience it takes about a year for even the best graduates to get settled on their path. The first job you get will often be beneath your education level. Getting coffee is a right of passage that matters." - Dr. Roger Cooper, Dr. Roger Cooper is teaching us exactly what makes people successful in the media industry RIGHT NOW in Kolbe 103. Want to know what attributes lead to success? Hurry up - there's a few empty seats!, Photos from the most recent research colloquium with Dr. Roger Cooper and photos of SoC faculty, students and Dr. Roger Cooper enjoying dinner and COM conversation at The Lockview., Reminder: Tomorrow, Friday, 9/27 at 2 p.m., Dr. Roger Cooper, Associate Professor at Ohio University, will present his study "The Attributes for Career Success in the Media Industries: Research and Application for Media Education" in Kolbe Hall 103. SoC faculty, staff, students and members of our campus or local communities are invited to attend., This heart-warming and unexpected ad from Guinness shows us how motivational appeals in image-oriented advertising can persuade potential customers. What’s your favorite ad that uses persuasion to win over the audience? Post links below so we can all watch!, SoC student Anna is getting in the Homecoming spirit. A whole lot will be happening at next week's Homecoming celebration, so don't end up "wishing you were here." Learn about all the fun events and happenings on Saturday Oct. 5 at http://www.uakron.edu/homecoming/ We'll see you there!
, Need some inspiration for your Monday? Check out SoC alum Ryan Pritt and his brother Jeffrey Pritt, a current Media Production major in the SoC, who have started their own business Pritt Entertainment Group. These two and their team of specialists are doing great things with a number of area sports organizations. Check out this Akron Beacon Journal story about the brothers and learn more about their entrepreneurial success. What will you do with your SoC degree?, UA on Display was a big success. Students from local high schools and the University packed the Stile Athletics Field House and dropped by The University of Akron School of Communication booth to learn more about becoming a COM major. What would you say to encourage a prospective student to join our school?, Today is UA on Display! Stop over by the Stile Athletics Field House from 3:30 - 5:30 p.m. to meet up with Communication faculty at our display, or find out how to join our our student media outlets Z-TV and WZIP. We hope to see you there. Additional details at: http://ow.ly/oQWL3 , At 2 p.m. next Friday (9/27), Dr. Roger Cooper, Associate Professor at Ohio University, will present his study "The Attributes for Career Success in the Media Industries: Research and Application for Media Education" in Kolbe Hall 103. Media majors and anyone interested in media should consider attending! Find out how to reserve your seat at the link below., It's hard to believe that week 4 of the semester is already coming to a close. What's your favorite Communication class so far this semester, and what makes it such a great class?, Students in the School of Communication Social Media Learning Lab are hard at work this cloudy Thursday, creating content, listening to the buzz, and of course, learning. , Are you a fantastic orator? Can you debate with the best? Always wanted to participate in intercollegiate competition? 

Our nationally-ranked Speech and Debate Team (Forensics) is still holding member tryouts through October 17 - and you could be its next winning member. Receive course credit, travel to competitions throughout the country, and best of all, improve your debate and public speaking skills. Contact the team's coach, Mark Rittenour, at mritten@uakron.edu to see if you have what it takes.

http://www.uakron.edu/schlcomm/clubs-organizations/speechanddebate.dot, Hey recent graduates and current students, Akhia PR Agency has recently posted several open positions including an entry-level Assistant Account Executive, and a Social Media Intern. Learn more at their career page:, It's your last chance to check out the Public Relations Student Society of America - today is their last open meeting. Stop by Kolbe 111 today from 4:15 - 5:15 to hear about internships from Amanda Kleinhenz of Akhia PR Agency. 

We hope you'll consider joining this important student organization that gives our students access to professionals in the communication field, and to a number of professional conferences and events., This Costa Rican campaign utilizes the basics of branding to help solve a major societal issue, and better yet, to help find rescue dogs a home. What do you think of the campaign? Would it work here in Akron?, To kick off the week, take a moment and enjoy this video featuring Dr. Proenza, Zippy, and an auditorium filled with The University of Akron students and fans doing the Harlem shake. This is a great example of how communicators can piggyback off of a popular meme to create buzz for their own organization. Happy Monday!, We made it! Thanks everyone who became a fan tonight. Now it's up to us to keep you around with useful information and interesting posts. Challenge accepted., We're only 18 likes away from getting 100 likes in our first day as a fan page. Do you know any School of Communication students who would benefit from being fans of our page? Send them an invite and help us get to 100!, Our school will have a table and plenty of smiling faces to tell you more about our majors and programs - be sure to stop by on Saturday, September 21., Our very own PRSSA is holding one more meeting open to all students. If you are interested, stop by Wednesday, September 18 from 4:15 - 5:15 in Kolbe Hall 111. Not only can you learn more about PRSSA, you can also hear from Hudson PR Firm Akhia's Amanda Kleinhenz. Talk about a win-win., We will be looking for alumni success stories over the next few months. Are you a successful School of Communication alumni? Do you know one? Send us a private message and let us know all about your success., null, Welcome to University of Akron School of Communication Facebook page! We hope this page will become a hub for school information, event announcements, important deadline announcements, fun tidbits and great conversation about communication., null)