List(Grandpa and I looovvee nuggets, Join me and become a Fan for Life for the kids of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital! Learn how you can help us win the fight against childhood cancer: http://bit.ly/1RenVau #Hoops4StJude, A big welcome to the newest BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK Tyler Clary Jessica Hardy. #BuildIt #spon, Double-double and a #CAVS win!, #Cavs #And1, #NBAHistory, #GoBruins #Pac12Hoops, Excited to announce I'm partnering with Banana Republic this year. Check out exclusive outtakes from our first shoot that they’re sharing today #itsbanana, Stepping up my fashion game… stay tuned to find out more, back-to-backs are always tough and to refuel i reach for a chocolate milk to recovery with the protein and carbs i need BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK #BuildIt #spon, Double-Double and the win! #CLE, Me and Baby Dame Dolla are dropping dimes from coast to coast. Check out the new music video, #Gameday #Letsdothis #Cavsnation, Look at us now #TBT #UCLABasketball #USABaketball #NBA #FriendsDay, #squadUP #ontothenext #HELLYEAHHHHimadethepic, Defense wins games! #Stuff #CavsNation, SAXX Underwear makes a great gift any time of year #extraordinarycomfort #spon http://www.saxxunderwear.com/, Double-Double and a great team win #Cavs, starting my day off with protein + glass of chocolate milk BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK #MyMorningProtein #spon, check out behind the scenes fr my time this summer w/ SAXX Underwear #funtimes #extraordinarycomfort #spon, When I need to refuel, I’ll reach for a bottle of Chocolate Milk to recover BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK  #buildit #spon, look at what I stumbled on the other day… JR Smith that doesn’t look like you lol #KidsOfNBA, So apparently it's #TriviaDay! Here's my #Jeopardy answer: 

Mike Love, my uncle was the co-founder of this group that
gave us the hit: "I Get Around.", My Signature Pass Is Inspired by the Past, I’ve always been a kid at heart, now I get to play one. Check out my role in the new All-Star Family #TheHoopers, Help support @StJudeResearch & bid @charitybuzz to meet me & get courtside tix to a game: http://chrty.bz/1QhpViU, Mom did it again. 🎅🎄 #happyholidays, had a great viewing party w/ FantasyDraft winner Joe Robbins & his wife Dawn, lots of fun happening on the site  http://bit.ly/1lz0sVk, #FlashbackFriday Like father like son, #Thanksgiving, playing in the paint requires great mouth protection, happy to partner with @shockdoctor #inyourface #ad, Man it's hard to believe that 30-30 game was 5 years ago already #nostalgia #TBT, Enter my contest tonight on FantasyDraft for chance to win trip for 2 to meet me and see a #Cavs game. http://bit.ly/1Os7jfe, My #Halloween  costume! #JackieMoon, We have so much confidence in every player on this team
on.nba.com/1Q1BlG0, 1-day #FantasyNBA contest! Win a trip to meet me, reserve your spot on FantasyDraft: http://bit.ly/1Nb3auz, #ThrowbackThursday to when I went behind the scenes at the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital Walk this summer  bit.ly/1RenQRA, It was great to be on the court last night, looking forward to the rest of season. #unfinishedbusiness, from paddleboarding to hiking to intense rehab and finally to opening night tomorrow check out my offseason and i did to get ready for this moment w The Players' Tribune #SingularFocus #UnfinishedBusines  playerstribu.ne/1Xl2XIg, In the next couple weeks FantasyDraft will give you a chance to win a trip for two to meet me and watch a game. Like them on Facebook to be the first to know https://www.facebook.com/FantasyDraft, now it's time to chase a championship. see how I prepared for training camp in the third and final episode of #SingularFocus on The Players' Tribune. http://playerstribu.ne/1MbgCQa, A typical day rehabbing my shoulder? Yea, I didn't have one. Check out episode two of #SingularFocus on The Players' Tribune. http://playerstribu.ne/1OHZCS2, Training in my favorite city helped me reset my mind and body this summer. Watch episode one of #SingularFocus on The Players' Tribune. http://playerstribu.ne/sfep1, it's time for the NHL season. check out the EA SPORTS NHL #NHL16 prediction.  #ad http://bit.ly/1jiFkkA, I spent a few weeks training in Utah this summer. Full #SingularFocus series drops Oct. 20th on The Players' Tribune. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcvAZ-r3s9Y, Excited to kickoff my new Shock Doctor campaign #InYourFace Follow these guys…I do. Best mouthguards & more., 😉, excited to be part of Saxx Underwear- most comfy pair of underwear there are! https://www.saxxunderwear.com/us/, I was totally ready to play Manziel in #fantasy football this week. Who should I draft now? Join me on FantasyDraft. http://bit.ly/1O7VeLH, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital Walk/Run to End Childhood Cancer, Sittin back. Chillin. Confident in my lineup on FantasyDraft this week. Are you? http://bit.ly/1QneAuq, These women deserve our attention, too. A must-watch from Swin Cash, Pr3pE and Tanisha Wright, Thank you everyone for the #Birthday Wishes!, What’s the point of playing, if you’re not having fun? #StickingWithCutler  Play the @FantasyDraft #freeroll at http://bit.ly/1JvHXFb, Sneak peek at the top half of my lineup for tomorrow’s freeroll @FantasyDraft. Can you beat me? http://bit.ly/1My8aKd, null, #TBT to ABCD camp in 2006, Excited to be part of the team!, #espys2015 #espys, Officially a Cleveland Cavaliers, #TBT to my sports science world record shot. Dude Perfect has since broken it but I did have it at one point, Last week I announced here that I was re-signing with the Cavaliers. Today, the deal is inked and I can officially say I’m going to stay a Cav. via The Players' Tribune, Next week, The Players' Tribune will be on the ground at the #ESPYS with our Founding Publisher, Derek Jeter. Follow #TPTxESPYs for more., #UnfinishedBusiness, Great to be part of the ESPN Body Issue roster, it was a lot of fun to shoot and can't wait for you all to see it. #bodyissue, Wayyyy back. PDX family @ The Q last night!!! #503 #rosecity, Sports have evolved over the years – upgraded equipment, upgraded training and upgraded nutrition – so isn’t it time for an upgraded sports drink? 

WATCH VIDEO: https://youtu.be/BRKbcWGkw1I, Excited to welcome #USWNT Kelley O'Hara to the BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK team. Good luck in Canada next month! #Buildit #ad http://bit.ly/koscr2, The “real” season has started! #ALLinCLE, season begins now #JacketsRequired Starter, Excited to share some new  Gaiam yoga workouts with yours truly. You can download with this link or they are available on Amazon and iTunes. Yoga is great for everyone, check it out! http://athleticyoga.vhx.tv/packages/athletic-yoga-yoga-for-flexibility-with-kevin-love, Thanks to the East Tech #Scarabs working hard this spring to #SpreadLove and make the world a better place,  Spread Love 4:Good program was successful because of you!, my favorite thing about Cleveland so far is the amazing fans! thanks for all the support during the year.  http://amex.co/1Hrv5R5, Psyched that Giant Eagle now has my favorite sports drink, BODYARMOR SuperDrink #RethinkYourSportsDrink, Think my game ends when I step off the court? Think again. Recovery with BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK helps me keep at it. How will you BUILD IT today? #ad, I grew up drinking BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK. Now I drink it to help me rebound after a tough game: http://bit.ly/kl_lfvid  #BuildIt #ad, catch me now on Mike and Mike on ESPN2, see how BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK put me up to a rebounding challenge: http://bit.ly/kl_tv30 #ad, Me and Starter wishing UCLA the best of luck today in the NCAA tourney!! #bruins #8clap https://instagram.com/p/0ay6yWs99w/, As we’re watching college teams battle on the court, see how BUILT WITH CHOCOLATE MILK put me up to a rebounding challenge: http://bit.ly/kl_tv30 #ad, Check out Eric Decker and I as we play a little trick shot horse in Buffalo David Bitton  http://bit.ly/1EoWFhC, it's me vs. the machine. find out more on March 18..., last Thursday, East Tech High School went out into the community for Spread Love 4:Good's 2nd Unity Day. check out some photos from the day which included a reading day for all ages and work at the Animal Protection League. keep it up East Tech!, excited for the debut of my new campaign with Starter #JacketsRequired, null, what an amazing experience. thanks to everyone at GQ for the opportunity http://www.gq.com/style/201503/kevin-love-style #dreamcometrue, big win last night. on to the next. #upgradeyoursportsdrink BODYARMOR SuperDrink, shout out to the East Tech Scarabs basketball team warming up in their SpreadLove 4:Good tee and supporting The Cleveland Clinic https://instagram.com/p/zi2QcwPCUG/, check out my latest Small Talk with Shock Doctor http://youtu.be/4x5kSH2K5bI?list=UU_CXHIxxHiCog3Xntq-axyw. everyone should wear mouth guards., Happy New Year. It's time to get ready for the college football playoffs with @PlayersTribune who spoke to alumni from each school. http://bit.ly/1DZxOkL, Happy Holidays! Find out about the worst gift I ever received on @American Express Home Court Advantage http://amex.co/1DIhCH2, One more week for @DICKS Foundation to give away 100 #HolidayHoops to organizations across the U.S. Follow along: http://bit.ly/1JO63OY, I use advanced 360 degree ICE Recovery Compression Wraps from @ShockDoctor to bounce back after games. They surround any injury for faster recovery. Check them out at @Dicks Sporting Goods., oh look there's me, oh look there's the Royals, Yesterday, I had the amazing opportunity of surprising Scranton Elementary School with 2 hoops to kick-off Dick's Sporting Goods #HolidayHoops campaign. They'll give 100 hoops throughout the holiday season to deserving schools around the country. Truly a spectacular day., #LARams #ForgottenFranchises #JacketsRequired Starter  bit.ly/1wcuXmX, Great stuff on The Players' Tribune this week, be sure to check it out! http://bit.ly/1DZxOkL, Rookie years are tough. Read about Michael-Carter Williams rookie season on The Players' Tribune http://bit.ly/1u6bYHb, This was a super fun night hanging out with the guys from Men In Blazers and playing #EASPORTSFIFA15. Check out my full interview here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BkUTXrjlUE., Proud to be the newest senior editor for The Players' Tribune. Read about How I Spent My Summer Vacation here: http://www.theplayerstribune.com/kevin-love-how-i-spent-my-summer-vacation/, Check out @laceclips on Instagram. Visit laceclips.com to see who else is wearing them this season., It's pretty exciting that @EA SPORTS FIFA is back! #FIFA15 #ad  http://bit.ly/1mKM4Zs, null, I want to introduce you to a new product I am involved with LaceClips. Never tie your shoes again. I am giving away free LaceClips. Go to Instagram @laceclips and like the page to enter. First 5 people to answer the trivia question at 6pm tomorrow wins!, Get pumped up for the premiere of American Hustle tonight at 9/8c on Discovery! Check out this sneak peek for the good people over at Funny Or Die. http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/711064fd3e/american-muscle-sneak-peek  #americanmuscle
 , Who needs greeting cards when I can call your Pops and tell him Happy Fathers Day! #celebcalls http://j.mp/1cqaQTy, Thanks to Activision for having me to #E3 today. What they have planned for this year is incredible., What Call of Duty has done with Advanced Warfare and Kevin Spacey is amazing. Trying to convince them to make room for me as well., Who is going to check out #GODZILLA this weekend? It looks like it will be great, an awesome way to start the summer http://youtu.be/vIu85WQTPRc, It's the last day and everyone should donate to enter for a chance to attend Tiger Jam and meet & greet with Tiger Woods and be treated like a rock star with VIP access to several parties including a OneRepublic concert! Go to www.jumbow.com to enter, don't miss out!, Check out my interview with  MensFitness where I discuss my All-Star diet and recent partnership BODYARMOR SuperDrink http://www.mensfitness.com/life/sports/kevin-loves-mvp-diet, Check kia.com/nba/all-star for the latest Kia All-Star Reporter videos!, Check out my "Project Upgrade" shave and a haircut from GQ. , I love my fans like they were Framily! Add up to 10 lines with family, friends and others, the more people added, the lower your rate with the Sprint Framily Plan., How big is your Framily? Check out the Sprint Framily Plan, the more family, friend and others, the lower your rate., $10 from each of my followers would change their world.  Help me help #Women in #Haiti, now. Aid Still Required http://bit.ly/1ez9DLm, I love my Sprint Framily! The more family, friends and others you add the lower your rate. http://bit.ly/1huXXfv, Tune into tonight at 10 pm EST to see me on the Jim Rome on Showtime show., What's your New Year's resolution for 2014? Playmaker Nutrition's is to help their partner, Vitamin Angels, accomplish their goal of reaching 40 million children with lifesaving and life-changing vitamin A. For every like, comment, or share they will donate 25 cents to Vitamin Angels (up to $5,000), which is the cost of providing 1 child with vitamin A for a whole year! #DoGoodBeAPlaymaker, Only 20K votes away from a starting position in the 2014 NBA All-Star game. Show me some Love! 

Go to the NBA Fan Page and comment on the All-Star post "Kevin Love #NBABallot" to #VoteKLove and be entered to win a Love autographed item. 
Learn more at: http://on.nba.com/1cYLTlF, Check out this pic from our coat drive from the FastBreak Foundation. http://on.fb.me/1cZ1pKp, Celebrities need a coach-that could be you! Enter for your chance to be an assistant coach at the Sprint NBA All-Star Celebrity Game 2014 in NOLA!, Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 makes life on the road easier with features like auto sync to your Galaxy phone. Score yours today for just $49.99 with Sprint, I love you guys, so I’m gonna give one my lucky fans a signed jersey! Enter exclusively at CelebCalls.com. Click here: http://bit.ly/1ey9DMf, Today, I support @CampKesem and #GivingTuesday. Join me as I give back! Camp Kesem is a free summer camp for kids of cancer patients and they are awesome. Donate at www.campkesem.org #bigkidsgive!, One-up the competition with Sprint! Unlimited talk, text & data for $65/mo guaranteed for life with a one-up plan http://sprint.co/HMXRCH, You can come see me and the Wolves play while helping someone in need this winter by donating a coat to our 6th annual coat drive. It's a great way to lend a helping hand as cold weather season arrives. Details at the link! #SpreadLove, It was fun making this promo for ESPN. Check it out. It's pretty funny! http://strib.mn/17yk2IS, Right now, UNICEF is rushing supplies to children affected by #Haiyan. Please Text RELIEF to 864233 to donate $10 to UNICEF USA!, I can’t wait for the start of the NBA season and guessing you can’t either. Want to win 2 tickets and trip to see me and my teammates play this year? Enter the Sprint Pick & Roll Sweepstakes every day for your chance to win http://bit.ly/17QbSZM, I can’t wait for the start of the NBA season and guessing you can’t either. Want to win 2 tickets and trip to see me and my teammates play this year? Enter the Sprint Pick & Roll Sweepstakes every day for your chance to win http://bit.ly/17QbSZM, Just because you can’t see violence against children doesn’t mean it isn’t there. Make the invisible visible. Join UNICEF USA and speak up to help #ENDviolence against children:http://uncf.us/NeesonPSA, Send your Dad some LOVE today!  Give him the most unique Father’s Day gift under $5!  A personalized phone call from ME! Follow the link to build your CelebCall NOW: http://bit.ly/13Sown4, In case you missed it:, Proud to be working with Playmaker to help raise money for St. Jude. , Oklahoma needs our help after devastating tornadoes. Please visit www.FeedTheChildren.org/tornado or text DISASTER to 80888 to make a $10 donation to Oklahoma-based Feed The Children today!, Going to the NBA Draft lottery tonight...wish me luck., Today's the last day to help me raise $25,000 for St. Jude! Vote for me and a great organization today., Thanks, Maya., Send a little Mother’s Day LOVE from YOURS TRULY!  I’ll call up your mom from YOUR PHONE to let her know you’re thinking about her!  Send your call now: http://bit.ly/YxazL6
 
OR download the App on itunes: http://bit.ly/Yz6nWq 
 
OR the Google Play Store: http://bit.ly/16k5JFM, Whether it's Cinco de Mayo or Diez de Mayo, Tostitos is always there to help get the party started., Miss America 2013 Mallory Hagan and Prevent Child Abuse America are turning the "Big Apple" into the "Big Pinwheel" to promote healthy child development!  

You can support this cause by sponsoring the Big Pinwheel Garden, volunteering for your state chapter of Child Abuse America, or buying a tie from the Pinwheels for Prevention Collection. Check out the link below to learn more., Teams are sporting the NBA Green Week jerseys. Are you green?  Did you know that recycling means your phone too? Your device could be worth up to $300. Check out the @Sprint Buyback Program, It's the last month of the season. Make it count by checking out the NBA Game Time app, free for Sprint customers.  No more excuses for missing live game action. It's all there on your Sprint phone., Joined up with the folks at Capital One to spread the word about #rallycry. Tweet about your favorite teams using that hashtag during the tournament to push them up Capital One's leaderboard, This week is World Water Week. Watch this video! http://bit.ly/YcIjc1

If as few as 1% of us on Facebook open a Tap at UNICEFtapproject.org, we can make a world of difference this week!, Consistency is important to me when it comes to NBA game days. The NBA and Sprint are providing an inside look at my routine.  

Watch here:, It was an honor to play host for these families. Proud to work with St. Jude., Only one week! Playmaker Nutrition will be donating 10% of the purchase price of every bottle of gummy vitamins purchased to help Spread Love. Just enter the code SpreadLove at the checkout, and you will be a part of the Spread Love movement!, Timberwolves fans! Join me in celebrating Hoops for St. Jude this week. Score some points for the kids and get in the game at the link below:, Every day, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital is changing the way the world treats cancer and other deadly diseases. I’m proud to join NBA Cares in supporting St. Jude’s mission of finding cures and saving children. 

Learn how you can help., The kids of St. Jude need more Timberwolves fans in their court. Join me and give during Hoops for St. Jude week., Going to watch live NBA games tonight on my Sprint phone with Sprint NBA Game Time. Two good ESPN games and lots of League Pass Mobile games to watch. Which game are you all watching?, Go help out the Captain Derek Jeter by voting for him in Major League Baseball's Face of MLB contest by tweeting using the hashtag #DerekJeter. More info here:, Come hang with me this Saturday at NBA Jam Session in Houston.  I will be at the Sprint Unlimited display from 10-11:30am to meet fans, and who knows what else?  

I hear Sprint has this Kevin Love 3-point basketball competition going on there every day, Help me and Playmaker Nutrition spread love to those who need it most this Valentines Day. For the next month, Playmaker Nutrition will be donating 10% of the purchase price of every bottle of gummy vitamins purchased to help Spread Love. Just enter the code SpreadLove at the checkout, and you will be a part of the Spread Love movement. Thanks everyone!, LOVE is in the air, and I've got the best Valentine's Day gift you could ever send: a phone call from ME! Send one to your LOVE today!, I want to personally thank all of our great Timberwolves fans that donated a record number of coats for this year's drive. Without the fans' involvement and participation, none of this would be possible., NBA Cares' NBA FIT Live Healthy Week is on this week! Now's your chance to improve your diet and get more active!, Right now, hundreds of thousands of displaced Syrian children face sub-zero temperatures, heavy rain and snow. UNICEF is working around the clock to provide them with coats, boots and blankets. They need our help.    

Help keep kids warm: http://bit.ly/V2yOgP, Happy to be on this year's NBA FIT Team. I'll be eating right and staying active all year long with NBA Cares!, The 3rd anniversary of the Haiti earthquake just passed almost without notice despite the fact that hundreds of thousands still live under tarps and tents, 98% of the countryside remains deforested, and rape has become commonplace.  

I’m helping through Aid Still Required: Haiti.  Can you help too? www.AidStillRequired.org/Haiti2013, null, Who remembers me dominating Blake Griffin in Jenga? Now you can win a signed copy of the game from Hasbro Game Night., WATCH: Kevin Love's circus shot against the Kings., My company 12Society has a very special deal for the holidays. Sign up today, and get 25% off your first box of amazing hand-picked gadgets and gear. Use the discount code CLB25OFF at checkout! http://bit.ly/TAGyV5, A smooth, soulful reminder to donate your coats this winter, Visit Best Buy Inver Grove Heights on 12/1 (starting at 3PM) to get your picture taken with Kevin Love! 

Plus, donate a coat and receive 2 tickets to a Timberwolves game!, Help us deliver essential items to families affected by #Sandy.

We are working with Diapers.com to use to help through our #RegisterToRebuild program. 

CLICK: http://bit.ly/LoveRegistry, null, Ricky Rubio explaining the Rubik's Cube solution to Derrick Williams, Kevin Love's 5th annual coat drive continues through Dec. 12th.

Donate a coat, get a pair of Minnesota Timberwolves tickets!

VIDEO: http://www.nba.com/timberwolves/community/kevin-loves-coat-drive-2012, I really hope one of my followers wins the 325M dollar Powerball jackpot. 

Cause I love you like that., Help us to deliver essential items to families affected by #Sandy.

We are working with Diapers.com to use to help through our #RegisterToRebuild program. 

CLICK: http://bit.ly/LoveRegistry, Checking out the EA SPORTS Maui Invitational on ESPN. Love that college hoops is back! Got this Maui VIP bag for ya'll. LIKE or Comment to win and I’ll pick a winner on Weds!, Thanks to all your shares and views, I had the opportunity to donate $43,000 to Bright Pink. Their mission of prevention and early detection of breast and ovarian cancer is extremely important, and I want to thank everyone who supported us in this mission and spread love by sharing this video. , Really proud to be joining Playmaker Nutrition to help bring great nutritional products to kids and teens! 

Great athletes, great products. Check them out! , Sign up for the 12Society newsletter for a chance to win 12 pairs of Happy Socks! 

CLICK: http://bit.ly/ZRHHMm, Cold weather is here and many people are in need of winter coats. 

With the support of The Salvation Army USA, Comcast and Minnesota Timberwolves fans, we can make a difference again this winter for those in need., Click to vote for your favorite Minnesota Timberwolves for this year's NBA All-Star game!, null, null, Watch Kevin Love dress up as an old man and jump into a pickup game., null, Thanks to Victorinox Swiss Army for the watch!, By all means SHARE this video if you want to take money directly from MY pocket to donate to Bright Pink., Women sacrifice so much as a result of cancer. Do what you can to #SpreadLove to those you love, and encourage them to be Bright Pink.

Watch and share the video below:, Larry Fitzgerald and I will donate .25 for every Like/Share/Re-Tweet/View of this video to Breast Cancer charities like Bright Pink and the Banner MD Anderson Cancer Center.

Watch the video and share!, null, SpreadLove, The baseball playoffs are heating up, so I included Louisville Slugger in the last 12Society box. 

They worked with me to make the bat - check it out:
http://bit.ly/OoXwHZ, #TWolves, 2nd day of camp on the way, but always nice to look back. 

Good video from Cisco about selecting the USAB team:, null, null, Watch Kevin Love take batting practice at Target Field....and hit an upper deck bomb HR., null, Had a great time meeting Collin today!, Media day with Ricky Rubio, Magic Johnson & Kevin Love driving the ESPN RV, null, null, Kevin chats with Derek Jeter today after throwing out the first pitch., First pitch!, null, null, Kevin Love hangs with Doug on Awesomeness TV, Great commercial shoot with @magicjohnson and Doris Burke!, I believe ZERO children should die of preventable causes, or be exploited, or denied an education, or deprived of clean water. 

Do you?

via UNICEF USA, Need some help with your last minute Fantasy picks?, Kevin Love drops 30/20 on the Nuggets., Some great submissions so far to my Foot Locker #approvedwithlove campaign.

Check out the gallery and keep the pics coming!, Don't forget to sign up for my camp next Sat. at Eden Prairie High School for BOYS & GIRLS!! Come hang with me for 2 days & receive a T-Shirt & Autographed Photo together! 

Sign up at www.kl42.com/camp, Some great submissions so far to my Foot Locker #approvedwithlove campaign.

Check out the gallery and keep the pics coming!, Me and Russell Westbrook getting some work in., Think you have the style to be approved by me? Check out my new page with Foot Locker and see if your photos have what it takes to be
#approvedwithlove 

http://bit.ly/OzeWyS

, Who's excited for the 2012 Kevin Love Basketball ProCamp? 

Sep 22nd & 23rd in Eden Prairie, MN.

http://www.kevinlovecamp.com, We had a blast..., Momma said knock you out...? Glad LL Cool J is ok., My early birthday present!!!, It got real at the Laugh Factory ...Q and A at an all time high!!!, There's no way I'm getting my new gear wet., #GOLD, null, Thank you for all of the memories London!!!, null, #USA, My Olympic sneakers signed by the whole 2012 team. Who wants them??? #USA, null, null, null, Team USA Basketball vs Argentina, Team USA Basketball vs Lithuania, Team USA Basketball, And another one. Game 3 vs. Nigeria. Let's go!!! #USA, null, Time Flies., null, Heard #arsenal might be looking for a new striker...the next RVP?, #USA vs Tunisia, null, Check out more photos of Kevin Love in today's win over France and more in the KL42 USA Basketball Photo Gallery., Kevin Love scored 14 points in today's Team USA win over France., Deron Williams & Russ caught me slipping..., Since I'm the team photographer...check out the presser, Getting my Justin Timberlake on, Watching the The Beach Boys in Barcelona., #USA, Little late on the instagram bandwagon but check me out at @kevinlove7, Kevin Love & Tyson Chandler, null, null, Kevin Love & Tyson Chandler, Kevin Love - USA Basketball, Kevin Love is up for an ESPY Awards for 'Best NBA Player.' 

Vote for Love online at until 7/9 at 10:59 pm CT., On a real note though...congrats to both the Thunder and Heat on terrific season's. Respect., A cool 91 degrees in NYC right now, At the Samsung Mobile launch event., Watch Kevin Love on Jimmy Kimmel Live! 

Part 1: (http://youtu.be/4ZVhZMomV9c) 
Part 2: (http://youtu.be/-KflHur3pGc), Think you've got the best Jenga "Game Face"? 

Submit your photo for a chance to win a basketball autographed by Blake Griffin and myself!, Today is the official launch of my company, 12society. Join me and my other co-founders Michael Strahan, Tim Lincecum, Nick Cannon, Nas, and Blake Griffin., Jenga is giving away basketballs signed by Blake Griffin and myself plus Jenga games! 

Find out how to win here: http://a.pgtb.me/c39C, I'm excited to officially launch the 12Society Blog! Check out my opening post here:, null, null, I am Kevin Love, and this is my company., Kevin Love accepting his Sports Spectacular #NBA Player of year award., Just opened my new retail copy of Ghost Recon: Future Soldier. Me, Kendrick Lamar, Justin Blackmon and Coco's world are ready - now who wants to challenge the sharpshooters of GRFS?, null, "I was the kid who was at the back of the class that would joke around and have fun," Kevin Love said. "He called me out, and for the next two years, I sat at the front of the class with him and learned a lot.", null, So hyped to introduce the third member of #TeamGhost. Introducing the lovely, beautiful and deadly, Coco! Check out this video of Coco showing off her shooting skills on Ghost Recon , Tiger Woods Facebook Challenge is helping 10 kids be the first in their families to go to college. 

Raise the most, and you’ll meet him in Washington, DC for a putting lesson and a spot in the Pro-Am at the AT&T National. Every dollar counts twice in this campaign because Tiger is matching all of it. 

Please join: http://www.facebook.com/Tiger/app_349479785104398, Damn, RIP Adam Yauch., Showing my HS math teacher Scott Buchanan how to get it done with NBA Cares, Ghost Recon: Future Soldier will be launching in a few weeks!  I'm beyond excited to get my copy. Click here to preorder and remember, only the dead fight fair!, Kevin meets a young fan, null, Brand new website - check it out - http://www.kl42.com, What do you think of my new haircut?, Ghost Recon: Future Soldier will be launching in a month! I'm beyond excited to grab a copy. Click here to preorder and remember....only the dead fight fair! , null, #Block, "... Kevin Love’s remarkable efficiency, three-point shooting, and ability to convert offensive rebounds into points has officially elevated him to elite offensive player status.", #PutBack, I'm proud to announce that I've joined Ubisoft's TEAM GHOST - a team devised of athletes and sharpshooters, like myself, who will challenge other gamers at Ghost Recon Future Soldier. More information can be found here: http://www.GhostRecon.com 

I'll be working with Ubisoft for some exclusive Ghost Recon Future Soldier giveaways so stay tuned., null, null, VIDEO: Kevin Love talks about his 40 point, 19 rebound effort against the Bobcats last night., PIC: Kevin Love hangs out with children from the Hoops for St. Judes program., null, Happy birthday to the most beautiful woman in the world! My mother Karen Love! Wish I could be home with the fam., Kevin Love: 30 points and 21 rebounds.
 
Minnesota Timberwolves win 117-110., null, Kevin Love has scored a Minnesota Timberwolves record 51 points tonight, which breaks the mark previously set by KG., LIKE and SHARE - they do amazing work!, VIDEO: Kevin Love sits down with Ahmad Rashad to chat about the 2012 season, 36 points, 17 rebounds, Kevin Love's 39th double-double of the season, and a win for the Minnesota Timberwolves, Kevin Love drives by Pau., No time like the present, got a call from Michael Strahan talking mess about my NCAA bracket. Check it out @thelockerroom , Donnie Brasco is a Classic. Lefty is that dude., "Kevin Love scored 13 of his game-high 30 points in the fourth quarter...and set a franchise mark with his 15th 30-point game of the season." , Love my teammate and friend Ricky Rubio. Here's to a quick recovery. We will miss you., Kevin Love meets K-Love the Octopus with the Hope Kids., Minnesota Timberwolves win. Kevin Love, 29 Pts, 16 Reb., null, Kevin Love & Ricky Rubio’s New SLAM Cover Was Inspired By A Classic, SLAM Magazine #157, “This is my time right now.” - Kevin Love, So I walk in to the training room this morning and Ricky Rubio calls me a douche. Looks like the Spaniard learned his new word for the week., VIDEO: Kevin Love scores 39 points and grabs 17 rebounds in the Minnesota Timberwolves win over the Clippers., "But it was Kevin Love, the All-Star, three-point shootout champion and perhaps budding MVP candidate, who put this young improving team on his back...", "When teams come into our building, and when we go into other places, teams are saying, 'We really have to bring it against the Timberwolves'" - Kevin Love, Kevin Love scores 2 of his game-high (and season-high) 42 points against the Blazers on Saturday., "Kevin Love, who grew up just south of the Rose Garden in Lake Oswego, had a season-high 42 points along with 10 rebounds in Minnesota's 122-110 victory over the Blazers.", Nothing like being back in the home you grew up in, with the family, all sharing GOOD times and laughs., I stay in full support of Coach Howland and the UCLA Basketball program. I enjoyed my time immensely while playing under coach.   It's unfortunate that a few bad eggs can ruin an entire batch. Coach should not be blamed for the wrongdoing of those players., Nikola Peković & Kevin Love - "Breaking Boards", Great team win last night. Derrick Williams and Michael Beasley came up big!, Kevin Love enters the 2nd half averaging 25points & 14 rebounds per game. Only 10 players in NBA history have averaged 25+ points & 14+ rebounds in a full season (via Minnesota Timberwolves), Happy Monday!, Kevin Love chats with the media after his 3-pt shoot-out win on Saturday., Kevin Love finishes the game with 17 points, 7 rebounds and a WEST win!, With 8 min left in the 4th, Kevin Love: 17 points, 7 reb, 1 asst, null, null, null, null, null, Kevin Love: 9 points & 4 rebounds in 12 first-half mins., Almost game time!, Headed to the Oscars in just a few minutes..., null, null, VIDEO: Watch Kevin Love win the 3-point contest last night!, Moneyball, starring Three Point Contest winner Kevin Love, At practice with Blake Griffin, Helping out today with NBA Cares in Orlando., Meeting fans for the NBA Jam Session!, Talking with Bill Simmons for the BSReport!, Ah, the 90's..., Arriving in Orlando!, null, Look at Ricky Rubio's backpack the rest of the year...compliments of Brad Miller., Beas!!!, Someone please get Nikola Pekovic in the Rising Stars game...he deserves to be there!, null, null, PODCAST: Kevin Love joins the NBA Hang-Time podcast., Thank you to everyone for coming out last night. Happy Valentines Day once again!, null, Opening the door now!, Who is on their way?, The line is forming!, Meet me at Pink Champagne - next to Toby Keith's in the breezeway. Follow the red carpet...be there in 10 min., I'll be there starting at 4:30, and staying longer (for those working 9-5 today...), 30 more minutes! West End. Be there., Meet me at West End at 4:30! Spreading the Valentines Day Love! Giving away Timberwolves tickets, autographs, and The Dipp Shop lollicakes. More details to come. Be there!!!, Kevin Love has recorded a double-double in 25 of his last 27 games after finishing with 19 points and 15 rebounds on Tuesday., Big game tonight in Orlando. Having another spontaneous giveaway tomorrow in Minneapolis. Be on the lookout!, null, Cool to watch The GRAMMYs last night, seeing my uncle Mike Love and the Beach Boys perform with Maroon 5 and Foster The People., VIDEO: Kevin Love chats with the TNT crew., Minnesota Timberwolves record-breaking forward Kevin Love has been chosen to represent the West in his 2nd straight NBA ALL STAR GAME., null, Short term memory. Focused on Friday., Want to wish Chauncey Billups the best in his recovery. A Great teammate, winner and person., null, null, VIDEO: Kevin Love attempts to break the record for longest shot ever made, and shows what goes into half-court, three-quarters court and full court shots. , We need to white out the crowd at Target Center like the Arizona vs. Washington game., More Kevin Garnett interviews please!, "...Kevin Love recorded the league’s first 30-point, 30-rebound game in 28 years and reeled off an incredible 53 straight games with double-digit points and rebounds. That landed Love in the All-Star game..." - Bloomberg News, To #twolves fans: I'll be in Minnesota for 4 more years! Excited to see you when I get back to Minneapolis, VIDEO: Kevin Love's three on YouTube, VIDEO: Kevin Love's game winning three., I appreciate the love! Felt great to get that win., Taking on Blake Griffin and the Clippers tonight. Hoping to keep the streak going against Blake after I dominated him in Jenga during the off-season, Overwhelmed with joy for my brother Russell Westbrook. Put in so much work to be where he is today. You deserve it., VIDEO: Kevin Love goes for 33/11., Kevin Love was named one of 20 finalists for the United States Olympic basketball team to play at the 2012 Summer Games in London, England., Help Kevin Love make a difference this winter by participating in his coat drive! Drop off a new coat either at the Target Center or at select Comcast Payment centers any time between January 23 and February 17, and you'll receive two tickets to the Minnesota Timberwolves vs. Utah Jazz game on February 22!, VIDEO: Kevin Love is so good at boxing out, he could keep a sumo wrestler out of the paint. ESPN's Sports Science explains. , PIC: Kevin Love during NBA tip-off week., Kevin Love is averaging 25.7 points and 15.0 rebounds, and is the first player since Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in '75 to score at least 20 points and grab at least 12 rebounds in his first six games of the season., Last night, Kevin Love (27 pts, 14 reb) became the first player since Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in 1975 to record 20 pts & 12 reb. in the Minnesota Timberwolves first six games., "Do you know how many players in the last three decades have scored 30 points and grabbed 30 rebounds in a single game? Only one. His name is Kevin Love...", "It's early, of course, for the Wolves' Kevin Love. But through the first three years of their careers, Love and Kevin Garnett have comparable stats.", "We're all on the same page right now. We've won 2 in a row, we've enjoyed those. We're going to have our hands full tonight." - Kevin Love, The 2012 NBA All-Star Ballot Voting is LIVE!, Secret's out on RickyRubio...I know the Salon where he gets his haircut now., "Kevin Love is currently averaging 25 points and 15 rebounds per game. The last player to do that for an entire season," SB Nation's Tom Ziller writes, "was Kareem Abdul-Jabbar in 1975-76; the legend won his fourth of six MVP awards that season.", Fans were awesome last night at Target Center! Started the new year off right., Minnesota Timberwolves win! Kevin Love: 25 Pts, 17 Reb., Happy New Year to all!, Comparing Kevin Love's Wolves to Kevin Garnett's Minnesota Timberwolves., VIDEO: Kevin Love drops 30-20., Good to see Kurt Rambis on SportsCenter, Tough couple games from the field. Too many turnovers. Gave up a lot of offensive rbs. We will bounce back. Target Center Friday night., "Last night, Kevin Love scored 31 points and grabbed 20 rebounds. It was Love's 12th 20-20 game since the start of last season, and the 13th of his career...", "It’s easy to be seduced by the leapers," Dime Magazine's Andrew Greif writes, "but the numbers Minnesota’s forward has put up in his career show true Love — and value.", Going old school and saying my passion bucket is full after catching up on the The Dan Patrick Show before the Holiday's. Thanks to Dan and Fritzy! Also, I respect Matt Barkley's upcoming decision. Had a chance to talk with him about his Mater Dei days a couple months back. Good dude, Did you know that Kevin Love's uncle is one of the founding members of The Beach Boys? In this article, Kevin reveals his favorite Beach Boys songs and even a story about performing on stage as a little kid! , null, BIG things are coming: Kevin Love, RickyRubio & Derrick Williams, “All those experiences that helped shape me and helped me grow up,” Kevin Love said. “So I think I took a big step, not only on the floor this summer but as a person as well.”, Timberwolves open practice, Target Center at 12 noon today! Open to the fans. Come check us out., Fresh off his 21 pts/15 rebs ame, Minnesota Timberwolves forward Kevin Love love will sound the honorary pre-game horn at today's Minnesota Vikings game., Who's coming to the game tonight?, Leaving Mankato...ironic?, Home sweet home, VIDEO: Kevin Love's unique training regiment., PIC: Kevin Love, Ricky Rubio & Derrick Williams, "Hopefully we can use that electricity and make leaps and bounds on the court here in the next couple weeks..." - Kevin Love, PIC: Kevin Love chats with the media at camp., It is a beautiful day to be alive, null, VIDEO: Kevin Love chats with the media today., Kevin Love is eager to hit the hardwood with his new teammates and coaches., Danny Ainge was a great all around athlete too..., Sat next to an absolute sports legend in Dave Winfield at the Minnesota Vikings game earlier. Can you think of a better all around athlete of all time? Jim Brown is up there...any others?, Who is going to come rebound for me at Target Center tomorrow?, Who's at the Vikings vs. Broncos game?, You can justify calling in a noise complaint if you can Shazam the music right?, Great last workout with @Gunnar, now back to Sota!, Who is the John Clayton of the NBA?, PIC:  Kevin Love doing some yoga for his Yahoo! Sports #EliteAthleteWorkouts episode., “It was taking care of my body, eating the right foods, getting sleep and training the right way,” - Kevin Love, I need a new twitter avatar...someone please help me out., Damn, gotta check out Jimmy Valvano's #espys speech on ESPN tonight @7p et #nevergiveup, Happy Birthday to my bro @WayneElli22 everyone show him some love on the birthday shoutout!!, Has anyone seen those TV Hat infomercials? I really do have to ask. It's pretty amazing what people come up with., (no answer), Siri can you tell me where we will be having training camp this year?, When was the last time you used one of these?, Caught the 10:45 showing of the Muppets Movie and I see we have struck a deal..., Went to the mall and they were sold out of those Angry Birds pajamas I wanted. What am I supposed to sleep in now?, Really wish I was in back in Sota right now for #blackfriday at Mall of America..., Happy Thanksgiving to all. I Hope you get to spend this time with family and loved ones., Back in Minneapolis for the day what's up?, Kermit the Frog did his thing on SNL!, Has anyone seen how Blake Griffin Jenga's?, A little late but still wanted to show love to Coach K for win #903. Honored to say I had played for him.....And to do it at the Garden..., Jenga!! Its a rematch: Kevin Love vs Blake Griffin - VIDEO , So their auctioning off Michael Jackson's death bed? I'm guessing no one wished for that yesterday..., 11-11-11, I can't help but watch. NY vs HOU: 1994 NBA Finals GM 7. Olajuwon and Ewing battle for the title., The Book of Mormon on Broadway?...I think so., #fallback is working for me, Out my window: 47,000 going HAM in the New York City Marathon. I've seen Troy Polamalu atleast 7 times...I thought he would have been preparing for Baltimore... and just saw a guy in an Hakeem Olajuwon jersey...I feel like you have to be a frontrunner in the race to rep The Dream?, Where is the best haunted house in NYC?, Happy Halloween! Humor me and post a pic of your costumes., I was just scoffed at when I ordered a large hot chocolate at Starbucks., Since when did hot chocolate become a member of the children's menu? Am I missing something?, Getting a little ahead of myself but what's everyone about to be for Halloween? (yes, I still wear costumes), Note to self. No one likes being misquoted., Apologies to the fans, we hope you can understand us., We know how important the fans are, and apologize for those who work for NBA organizations who are directly impacted by this., Paranormal Activity 3 claims the last 15 minutes will mess you up for the rest of your life. What happens if you see the movie twice?, "Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be" - John Wooden, Dog on a leash, bitches running wild.
Kid on a leash, __________________?, VIDEO: Kevin Love chats with Vizio., null, VIDEO: Tyson Chandler & Kevin Love are "locked in"  (via Funny Or Die)., Word on the street is I was looking small body on @jimrome just now..., RIP Steve Jobs, "no no, we love our children all the same" ...no no, you don't., Don't let your parents fool you...they have a favorite child., Think it into existence., One more from The Ritz-Carlton, Laguna Niguel...walking on the beach., Amazing view from my room at The Ritz-Carlton, Laguna Niguel this weekend..., Great rest. Thanks The Ritz-Carlton, Laguna Niguel for a good extended weekend. Always clears the head to see the fam. Pictures on the way..., PIC: Kevin Love at the first ever Call Of Duty: XP, Los Angeles., Fact: Every time a bell rings an angel gets it's wings. Fact: Every time Jersey Shore plays a book commits suicide., Me and Tyson Chandler shooting for Funny Or Die, PIC: From the archives, USA's Kevin Love dunks during a win over Slovenia., Kevin Love's first post as a Grantland contributor. Click to read: http://es.pn/KLoveGrantLand, One mans misfortune, another mans opportunity, You know you're having a bad day when you get stood up by your mom for lunch..., Fast Times At Ridgemont High anyone? I think so..., Loving the SportsCenter top 10 Top Rumbling, Bumbling, Stumbling Plays, good work. Comedy., VIDEO: Kevin Love and the ESPN guys have some fun with Blake Griffin., Love it how Cheesecake Factory only gives you a few items to choose from on the menu......., Amen “@Kurt_Vonnegut: The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.”, "I wish I was 50 years younger I'd kick your ass" hahahahaha the interviews post fight are better than the fight itself, Mayweather v. Ortiz. Who we rolling with tonight?, Does Woody Paige's chalkboard have a twitter?, Do you follow Kevin Love on Twitter? Click to check out what he's up to!
, PIC: From the archives, Kevin Love on the cover of Sports Illustrated | SI.com!, VIDEO: Kevin Love & Clay Matthews at the prom., VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love, Deron Williams & Dwight Howard on the Disney Channel's kids show, Suite Life On Deck!, Houston, we have a coach., "Contentment is natural wealth. Luxury is artificial poverty." -Socrates, Again, I want to say God Bless America and that our thoughts and prayers go out to those who those who lost loved ones on 9-11. And to our Troops: we are so thankful for everything that you do to serve and protect us. America thanks you. #landofthefree, I didn't know people did yard sales anymore...Let alone competing yard sales amongst neighbors..., Timberwolves big man Kevin Love at last weekend’s Call of Duty XP event in Playa Vista, Calif., PIC: Kevin Love at the Call of Duty Pros vs Joes event., Just want to say thank you to everyone for all the well wishes on my birthday. Have much love for all of you!!!, On my 23rd birthday I am now a sophomore academically at #UCLA. Finals are over. Getting it done, slowly but surely. I'm putting it out there to hold myself accountable. Think it, Say it, Do it. Now on to the next one. #whynot better myself?, VIDEO: Kevin Love hanging out for Call Of Duty: XP, Just FYI...tomorrow is my Birthday., Kevin Love interviewed by Techland about Call Of Duty: XP., Another beautiful day in #LALIFE - I hope everyone has a safe and relaxing #LaborDay, If God has taught me one thing today, it's that an imperfection can be a truly beautiful thing, I'm pretty sure @chrisbosh threw a grenade at a helicopter...safe to say my squad won the grudge match. Now are talking to troops abroad..., #UCLA where we at??? #UCLAGameday, Oh, it's on..., Labor Day weekend, what's the plan???, AUDIO: Kevin Love chats with Jim Rome  on his radio show about Call of Duty: Black Ops., Interviews from the car are always a challenge. LA traffic can alter anyone's thought process. #pressedfortime, VIDEO: Kevin Love chats with the Los Angeles Times about the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series., Interesting question posed in class. In context of American popular culture, who would YOU put on your cultural Mt. Rushmore?, PIC: Kevin Love & Hans Stolfus playing in the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series., Re-Invent and Re-Up., “I have always been a fan of beach volleyball and when I received the opportunity to play in the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series, I knew I wanted to be a part of it,” said Kevin Love, ALBUM: Kevin Love visits kids in Nanjing China with PEAK Sports USA., Check out this article written by Hans Stolfus, Kevin Love's partner for the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series!, Tuning in to @espn, having flashbacks of my Little League baseball career. I could bring the heater. With or without control? Debatable., What is the logic behind selling the most unhealthy food possible at the beach? I can't seem to put it together at the moment..., Started the week out right. In the gym. Once again @Gunnar, it's much appreciated., another great beach workout w/ @JesseRambis this morning. Appreciate it buddy., Training is hard core for the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series....but Kevin Love is still looking for a partner. Minor detail. If you think you’re legendary enough, send Kevin a short video on why you should be his partner!, We recruited a new classmate, Diddy ... (@Baron_Davis @russwest44 Kevin Love) #whynot Wednesday., VIDEO: Kevin Love preparing for the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series. , Kevin Love just got his phone bill from his trip to China.... sounds like motivation to win the $200,000 prize purse in Manhattan Beach for the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series!, PIC: From the archives, USA Basketball teammates Tyson Chandler & Kevin Love get their team excited in Turkey., As much as I'd hate to admit it, I'm getting beasted right now in Black Ops., Today I got to sleep in for the first time in weeks...someone tell me why I couldn't make it past 9am to save my life? ...and it's Sunday., Good Day Everyone!, It's Friday., VIDEO: Kevin Love chats about Xbox during all-star weekend., Is anyone out there really good at Call Of Duty? Gotta give me a shout ASAP..., PIC: From the archives - Kevin Love, cleaning up the glass., Kevin Love heads back to school...UCLA of course! (via SportsGrid), Kevin Love getting ready for the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series., School is in session. Back at UCLA. @Baron_Davis @TA_Iam1 @russwest44, 13 hours later and I'm back in the states...I can't wait to see what my phone bill is going to be..., Well. My first trip to China is coming to a close..., When it comes to ping pong...Shenzen, China goes hard...ping pong is not my calling. You should see the show they put on., I love you for putting the ball in my hands Dad. It was in my blood from the start, About to get some work in, put on the Beats and what do I hear? "you know, once you memorize a sentence...it's like an exercise." YESSSSSSS, "Surrounded by high-flying scorers, the Timberwolves forward would do the dirty work..." on Kevin Love, Just visited the longest standing orphanage in Nanjing. Really puts things into perspective. The kids were amazing. Now off to the airport., 3:42am in China and I can't sleep. I can't decide on another ESPN 30for30 documentary or P90X. One will inspire and one will tire? Thoughts?, "I’m in the gym six days a week. I’m working out with players I’ve worked out with in previous years, like Derrick Rose and Russell Westbrook." - Kevin Love, Just landed in Beijing. Traffic is crazy out here. Can't wait to see what rush hour is like..., Who's taking their talents to Manhattan Beach tomorrow for 6 man?, VIDEO: Kevin Love on ESPN talking about playing in the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series. , VIDEO: Kevin Love on Fox Business - talking pro volleyball! , Kevin Love is joining the Jose Cuervo Pro Beach Volleyball Series. Here he is today in NYC-Times Square for the announcement!, So the last 4 flights I've had in the states have all been delayed atleast an hour...anyone else running into this problem?, Kevin Love on running with Rubio:    "It was a ton of fun. It’s refreshing. He’s the type of player who loves to get into the gym because he loves the game so much. He wants to work..", VIDEO: Kevin Love interviewed on the ESPY's red carpet, asked about the Blake Griffin Jenga game..., PIC: From the archives, Kevin Love in 2006 at ABCD Basketball Camp., VIDEO: Kevin Love chats about the lockout with THD at the Gatorade Awards banquet., What's new world? Been on vacation post Espys. What are you getting accomplished today?, VIDEO: Kevin Love interviewed as a member of Team USA., VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love highlights..., Kevin Love makes Sports Illustrated's Top 100 on Twitter. Do you follow Kevin? http://www.twitter.com/kevinlove, PHOTO ALBUM: Kevin Love at the ESPYs., VIDEO: In case you missed it - Kevin Love, Tyson Chandler, Adrian Peterson & Blake Griffin are Lockout Professionals., Had a great time at the @ESPYs, now what comes after?, VIDEO: Kevin Love & Blake Griffin ESPYs video., Kevin Love chats with ESPN's Page 2., PIC: Kevin Love & Matt Stafford at last night's Gatorade Athlete of the Year Awards., PIC: Cool shot of Kevin Love with lots of b-balls to sign., Tonight you can watch live as Kevin Love presents the 2011 Gatorade High School Athlete of the year award (which he won back in 2007). Live streaming of the awards show begins at 5:30 West Coast time., VIDEO: Kevin Love & Blake Griffin play Jenga.
, VIDEO: Kevin Love & Clay Matthews III getting ready for the ESPYs - VOTE FOR THE ESPYS!, Derek Jeter did it in style. Gotta Spread Love for his 3,000th career hit while also going 5/5 and driving in the game winning run..., Lockout. (via Blake Griffin), On Kevin Love - "The rebounding machine morphed into an automatic double-double, led the league in wins produced and ranked fourth in PER.", VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love Oop to Michael Beasley., PIC: A defensive minded Kevin Love blocks Roy Hibbert., Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend, enjoy the 4th!, Happy 4th of July everyone!, Beautiful day in Portland Oregon. Where is everyone at for the weekend?, VIDEO: Kevin Love's Right Guard outtakes - Happy Friday!, VIDEO: Kevin Love can shoot...., VIDEO: Kevin Love breaks his first backboard., PIC: Kevin Love and his newest teammate Ricky Rubio., VIDEO: Minnesota Timberwolves chat with Kevin Love about the off season., VIDEO: Kevin Love works out with his new teammates, Rubio included!, I saw it...and I believe it. And yes I'm talking about Ricky Rubio, From one “uber-upgrader” to another, best of luck to Kemba Walker and the Bobcats! With Sweet Feet McGee's sage-like guidance, I know you'll achieve great things., VIDEO: Kevin Love & Clay Matthews take some pretty awesome photos..., VIDEO: Kevin Love on draft day 2008! What do the Minnesota Timberwolves have in store today?, PIC: From the archives, Kevin Love & O.J. Mayo., PIC: From the archvies, Kevin Love stretches for a rebound against Gortat of the Orlando Magic., VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love sets Double-Double record., Does anyone have Rosetta Stone entry level Spanish I can use?, PIC: Kevin Love with teammate Michael Beasley before a game against Houston., Great pic of Kevin Love from 2008! (via Minnesota Timberwolves), VIDEO: Kevin Love highlight reel., PIC: From the archives, Kevin Love finishes against the Lakers., PIC: Kevin Love's PEAK Sports USA Graphic Tee!, VIDEO: Kevin Love hangs out with Diddy, Levi and others in MN., PIC: Kevin Love hands over the keys to the 2011 Kia he donated to the Dylan Witschen Foundation on April 21, 2011 at the Target Center in Minneapolis., VIDEO: Most Improved Player, Kevin Love. (via NBA), Yahoo! Sports Q&A with Kevin Love., Kevin Love draft day pic, 2008., Kevin Love - It's Friday!, In case you were wondering about Kevin Love's Right Guard commercial location..., VIDEO: Kevin Love on ESPN after the NBA Draft., Great photo set of Kevin Love from the Minnesota Timberwolves!, VIDEO: Kevin Love revisits his infamous awkward handshake in this footage from the cutting room floor of the "Love in the Shower" Right Guard commercial shoot! , From the archives, the New York Times takes a look at Kevin Love's stats. , VIDEO: Kevin Love - NUMB#RS., It’s your responsibility as a geared-to-the-teeth, hyper-upgrader like Kevin Love!  Check out the semi-finalists in the Best Buy Buy Back Lifestyle video contest and cast your votes. Sound off here on who you think made the cut: http://bit.ly/knDItK, PIC: Kevin Love & Russell Westbrook at UCLA., VIDEO: Kevin Love working the pick & roll (UCLA vs Memphis)., VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love hits 3 three-pointers in 90 seconds for UCLA. , PIC: From the archives,  Kevin Love & Al Horford battle for a rebound in the 2011 NBA All-Star game., PIC: Kevin Love hanging with NFL star Clay Matthews at ESPN's ESPY shoot!, PIC: From the archives, Kevin Love dunks against the Orlando Magic as Dwight Howard looks on. (November 3, 2010), VIDEO: Looking back, Kevin Love makes NBA history., Today is the LAST DAY to vote for your favorite "Love in the Shower" ending on the Right Guard Facebook page! A vote enters you in to the daily sweepstakes for a year’s supply of Right Guard body wash and tons of NBA merchandise, including a few prizes signed by Kevin Love! Vote now:
http://on.fb.me/dMEGFu, PIC: From the archives, Kevin Love finishes strong for UCLA!, VIDEO: A look at the day-to-day life of the NBA's top rebounder, Kevin Love., PIC: Kevin Love shoots a free throw. Did you know that Kevin shot 85% from the line this year? (425 made out of 499), Timberwolves "Photo of the Day"!, Like these Kevin Love "Love" lines? Vote for your favorite "Love in the Shower" video ending on the Right Guard Facebook page and you could win NBA and Right Guard prizes! , VIDEO: Kevin Love is the ultimate upgrader., QUIZ ANSWER: Kevin Love has appeared on four Sports Illustrated covers. Click above to see all four!, QUIZ: How many times has Kevin Love appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated?, Do you follow Kevin Love on Twitter? http://twitter.com/kevinlove, PEAK Sports USA made these limited edition Kevin Love shirts. Want one? Click here and use the code PLAYER5 to get $5 off! , Support the FastBreak Foundation by purchasing a Kevin Love autographed NUMB#RS Gift Set here:, VIDEO: Kevin Love's NBA Most Improved Award acceptance speech. , Have you seen the alternative Right Guard lines that Kevin Love shot for his "Love in the Shower" videos? Share your own ideas for alternative lines, and vote here for your favorites: http:/www.loveintheshower.com, Kevin Love on his time with USA Basketball this summer: "“I’m that hustle guy, that workhorse guy who can get rebounds and putbacks and the occasional 3,” he said. “But other than that, I’ll set picks and get people open and play team ball.”, VIDEO: Kevin Love is the ultimate upgrader. , VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love AAU dunk!, It didn’t surprise us when Kevin Love won the NBA Most Improved Player Award. That’s how he lives his life: he doesn’t just keep his game upgraded, he’s the same way with his gear! Enter the Buy Back Lifestyle video contest (show Kevin & Best Buy how you live the hyper-upgrader lifestyle) & you could take home a $10K Best Buy gift card! , "It all began last summer, when I put in the work, just to push myself to become a better player," Kevin Love said. "It's something I plan on doing every summer. This is just a start.", VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love and his teammates examine his handshake skills., Want to train with Kevin Love this summer? Boys and girls (age 7-16) are invited to join Kevin at Canyon Creek summer camp in Lake Hughes, CA! August 7th-20th. Click for more info!, VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love's first college dunk., Aside from starring in the "Love in the Shower" commercials, Kevin Love has earned the designation of the Best Smelling Player in the NBA! While we can’t be certain, we think Right Guard body wash had something to do with it. , PHOTO ALBUM: Looking back at Kevin Love's 31/31 game against the Knicks., VIDEO: Kevin Love can hit just about any shot on the court., Who doesn’t want more of me in the shower? Check out Right Guard's Facebook page or (http://www.LoveintheShower.com) to get more me!, VIDEO: From the archives - Kevin Love's McDonalds HS All-American game profile., VIDEO: Kevin Love ESPN Feature & Photo Shoot., Dime Magazine: "in only his third season as a pro, Kevin Love is the pride of the Minnesota Timberwolves’ organization at all of 22 years old.", PHOTO ALBUM: From the archives, a look back at Kevin Love's UCLA days!, VIDEO: A look back on Kevin Love's historic season. (via NBA), "I think what Kevin achieved is remarkable. When you think about what he has achieved this year, really think about it when by all rights he could have been a senior in college, it's pretty astounding." - David Kahn, Kevin Love talks with USA Today about the NBA Most Improved Player award., PHOTO ALBUM: Kevin Love receives the NBA Most Improved Player Award for 2010-11., Congrats to Kevin Love for winning the Kia Motors Most Improved Player Award for 2010-11!, Watch the announcement LIVE at 3pm ET: http://www.nba.com/live1/, Kevin Love to receive the NBA's Most Improved Player 2010-11 today at the Target Center., VIDEO: From the archives, Kevin Love dunks over Vince Carter. (via NBA), VIDEO: Kevin Love attempts to break the world record for the longest made basket., Check out Kevin Love's official website - www.KL42.com, Check out this great piece on Kevin Love from the New York Times., Kevin Love finished the 2010-2011 season with a league-leading 1,112 rebounds, a league-leading 15.2 rebounds per game, over 20 points per game and 64 total double-doubles., Last chance this season to catch the Timberwolves. Coverage from Target Center starts at 7pm!, Sports Illustrated's The Point Forward has named Kevin Love this year's NBA Most Improved Player., Kevin Love was voted by HoopsHype.com as the NBA's most improved player 2010-11., VIDEO: The NBA looks back at Kevin Love's historic season., A look back at all of Kevin Love's 20-20 games this season., null, Kevin Love returned to the hardwood last night as the T'Wolves took on Chicago. Kevin scored 16 points and had 9 rebounds, but it wasn't enough as the East-leading Bulls ran away with a 108-91 win., Tonight, Kevin Love and the T'Wolves take on the Chicago Bulls at the Target Center. Tune-in at 7pm!, VIDEO: Kevin Love goes over a few of his pre-game stretches., Tonight, the Timberwolves head to OKC to face the Thunder. Kevin Love and the rest of MN will be cheering on the Wolves, and you should too! 7pm game time!, VIDEO: Kevin Love talks with PEAK sports about his record-breaking season and playing ball against his dad growing up., Tonight, the T'Wolves head to Dallas to face the Mavericks without Kevin Love. Kevin will still be cheering on the team, and so should you!, VIDEO: Kevin Love chats with PEAK about his go-to moves., VIDEO: A Kevin Love dunk to get you excited about tonight's game against the Lakers. , Kevin Love news via the StarTribune.com., Kevin Love and the T'Wolves head to the Staples Center in Los Angeles tonight to take on the Lakers. Tip-off at 7:30pm west-coast time., What do you think of the shoes Kevin Love has been playing with?, Kevin Love brought his league leading 15.7 rebound per game to Utah last night to face the Jazz, and ended up leaving with his 63rd double-double of the year by grabbing 11 rebounds and scoring 22 points., After two days rest, Kevin Love and the T'Wolves head to Utah to take on the Jazz. Game tips off at 7pm Mountain time., VIDEO: From the archives, Oregon High School senior Kevin Love breaks his first backboard., Congratulations to our Kevin Love Numb#rs contest winner Matt Tracy from The University of Minnesota. Enjoy your Numb#rs cologne gift set! We will have another great giveaway soon - stay tuned!, New York Times: "There’s a clear separation between Kevin Love and the league’s top-tier scorers, but Love comes in at 21.7 points per
 40 minutes...above other talented bigs like Pau Gasol, Zach Randolph 
and Al Jefferson. That’s great company for a third-year player, 
particularly one for whom scoring is seemingly a hobby while he fully 
invests himself in rebounding.", "While the streak is over, it doesn't mean the Kevin Love watch should end. Love is on pace to become the first player since Moses Malone during the 1982-83 season to finish with averages of at least 20.0 points per game and 15.0 rebounds per game.", Tonight, Kevin Love and the Timberwolves head to the Bay area to face Golden State. Tune-in at 7pm on Fox Sports North!, Kevin Love and the T'Wolves take on the Utah Jazz tonight at home. Tune-in at 7pm!, Twitterview for St Jude's Hoops Week Recap, VIDEO: Kevin Love (52) gets a standing ovation at the Target Center after setting the modern day NBA consecutive Double-Double record  last night, passing Moses Malone (51)., Kevin will be doing a Twitterview today, so send him your questions using the hashtag #Hoops4StJude - 3:30CST/4:30EST!, Kevin Love recorded his 52nd double-double in a row to surpass Moses Malone for the longest such streak since the ABA and NBA merged in 1976. The Minnesota Timberwolves beat the Pacers 101-75, and Kevin recorded 16 points and 21 rebounds despite a bruised knee that forced him to wear a bulky brace during the game., Kevin Love just passed Moses Malone's 51 double-double record tonight!, Kevin Ties Malone’s Consecutive Double-Double Record, NBA TV will talk with Kevin Love about Hoops for St. Jude today.  Portions of the interview will be streamed Live on NBA.com at 1pm ET (during the show The Jump), with a re-air on NBA TV at 5pm ET, Help Kevin help kids like Dylan, who lost his battle against Primitive Neuroectodermal Tumors (PNET) last June. With NBA and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital we can beat cancer - together., PHOTOS: Kevin Love ties Moses Malone for the longest streak of double-double games in the modern era. Moses' streak extended across two seasons (78'-79'),  so Kevin has secured the record for the longest single season double-double streak (51 games) since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976., Kevin Love posted his 51st double-double in a row, which is tied with Moses Malone in 1978-79 for the longest streak since the NBA-ABA merger in 1976, Kevin is teaming up with St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for #Hoops4StJude week. Click the link for info on how to participate, including an auction of NBA memorabilia!, Don't forget to enter to win a NUMB#RS cologne gift set. Kevin Love is giving one away. To enter, on the left side of this profile click the "NUM#RS CONTEST" tab. Comment there, and you are entered to win!, Kevin Love has secured another 20 point / 20 rebound game, his 11th this season. This is also Kevin's 50th double-double in a row, and his 59th of the year., Kevin Love and the Wolves face John Wall and the Wizards tonight at 6 PM., Another 20/20 game for  Kevin Love, his 10th this season. The last player with 10+ 20/20s in a season: Kevin Willis (1991-92). Also, Kevin's 49th double-double in a row (58th of the year)., Kevin Love and the Timberwolves head to Philly tonight to play the 76ers. How many rebounds do you think Kev will grab?, Love Receives High Praise from The Mailman, Want to win a NUMB#RS cologne gift set? Kevin Love is giving one away. Enter here: http://on.fb.me/gTZ5xX, Big win for the Minnesota Timberwolves over the Pistons 116-105. Kevin Love recorded his 48th consecutive double-double (his 57th of the year), scoring 20 points and pulling down 20 rebounds., Tune-in tonight to watch Kevin Love and the Minnesota Timberwolves as they travel to Detroit to take on the Pistons!, Kevin Love shoots over Lamar Odom of the LA Lakers last night. Kevin had 13pts and 10 rebounds to secure his 47th consecutive double-double., BLOG: Kevin Love's latest blog post from GQ magazine., Kevin Love Chasing and Breaking Milestones, Kevin Love also tied the Minnesota Timberwolves franchise records for free throws attempted (23) and free throws made (18) in a game yesterday. , In addition to completing his 4th 30pt-20reb game of the season, Kevin Love also scored the 3,000th point of his career yesterday., Kevin Love drives for 2 of his 37 points in today's 123-124 win against Golden State. Kevin also had 23 rebounds, securing his record 46th straight double-double (his 55th of the year)., The Minnesota Timberwolves and Kevin Love look to bounce back today at the Target center against the Warriors. Tune-in at 4pm!, Kevin Love scored 11 points and grabbed 14 rebounds, recording his 45th 
consecutive double-double, breaking Moses Malone's record for the 
longest streak in the modern NBA era, a record that had stood for over 
30 seasons., Video: Kevin Love breaks Moses Malone's NBA Double-Double record., Tonight, Kevin Love recorded his 45th double-double in a row, breaking Hall of Fame big man Moses Malone's record streak from 1982-83. Congrats Kevin!, While going for an NBA-record 45th consecutive double-double, Kevin Love will also try to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a season sweep of CP3 and the Hornets tonight at home., From GamerLive.tv, Kevin Love chats about Xbox., PIC: Snoop Dogg shows #42 Kevin Love some love!, Kevin Love fights for a rebound as he records his 44th double-double in a row last night (15 points + 11 rebounds), equaling Moses Malone's record streak for Philadelphia in 1982-83., The Minnesota Timberwolves and Forward Kevin Love face off tonight against Marc Gasol, Rudy Gay and the Memphis Grizzlies. Games starts at 7pm!, NEWS: All-Star teammates Kevin Love & Russell Westbrook go way back., VIDEO: From Minnesota Timberwolves, Jonah Ballow talks with ESPN's Ric Bucher about Kevin Love., Kevin Love's First All-Star Weekend a Success, The Minnesota Timberwolves and their All-Star rebounder Kevin Love head to Milwaukee tonight to face the Bucks. Tip-off at 7pm!, VIDEO: Kevin Love's post-game interview from the 2011 NBA All-Star game. (via Minnesota Timberwolves), After a solid first trip to NBA All-Star weekend for Kevin Love, its back to reality for #42 and his Minnesota Timberwolves teammates as they head to Milwaukee to face the Bucks tomorrow night., West wins! Kevin Love finishes with 2pts and 4rebs in 10 mins of play in his first NBA All-Star game., PIC: Kevin Love ready for the rebound if Lebron misses., null, Kevin Love has checked in to his first NBA All-Star Game. Go West!, PIC: Minnesota Timberwolves and Kevin Love fans wear #42 West All-Star shirts in support of Kevin at game viewing party! (Thanks to Jeff Munneke for the pic!), Kevin working the camera, Behind the scenes of the West photo shoot, Kevin and Blake Griffin in their uniforms, Rehearsal for player introductions, see Kevin?, VIDEO: Kevin Love chats with @GamerLiveTV about his daily breakfast, and his Call of Duty skills!, PIC: Kevin Love and West teammate Kobe Bryant fight for a rebound at practice/media day., PIC: Kevin Love with his West teammates, including Kobe, Carmelo and Pau at practice yesterday., Kevin Love has a big day tomorrow, his first NBA All-Star game! Show Kevin your love!, PIC: Kevin Love, Russell Westbrook, & Blake Griffin., VIDEO: Did you catch the NBATV special on Kevin Love? Here is the trailer., PIC: Kevin Love warms up with Pau and his other West teammates., PIC: Kevin Love chats with his West All-Star teammates, including Duncan, Griffin and Ginobili., null, Some of the NBA's biggest stars talk about Kevin Love's historic first half (thanks to the Minnesota Timberwolves for the video), PIC: Kevin Love's official NBA All-Star Portrait!, PIC: Kevin Love and Lisa Leslie at the NBA Rookie Game!, PHOTOS: A photo album from Kevin Love helping out at today's NBA Cares event!, VIDEO: Thanks to the Minnesota Timberwolves for this great video interview with Kevin Love!, null, null, VIDEO: Kevin Love chats about being at All-Star Weekend., Check out Minnesota Timberwolves All-Star central!, Have you seen Kevin Love's shoes for NBA All-Star Weekend from PEAK? , VIDEO: Coach Rambis surprises Kevin Love with the news of his All-Star selection., NEWS: USA Today on Kevin Love's road to the NBA All-Star game!, Update: Kevin Love is back in LA for NBA All-Star weekend, and will be Best Buy in Culver City for an autograph signing from 5-6 (PT). , All look at All-Star Center Kevin Love's Record Breaking Season at the Break, With his 18pt/18reb performance last night, Kevin Love notched his 51st double-double before the All-Star break, passing the legendary George Mikan (50) for the NBA record!, Are you excited to see Kevin Love in this weekends NBA All-Star game?, PICTURE: Kevin Love having fun with his teammates at "Taste of the Timberwolves", Be sure to follow Kevin Love on Twitter for up-to-the moment All-Star weekend pics & video!  www.Twitter.com/kevinlove, 10 plays that have helped Kevin Love edge his way into an NBA All-Star appearance for the West., Love Frustrated By Recent Losses, But Praised By Malone, LINK: Hoops Equivalent to Establishing the Ground Game (Hoopsworld), Catch Kevin on the Dan Patrick Show today at 11:05 AM EST, null, Kevin Love Gives a Lesson in History, Kevin Love Joins Elite Company with 37th straight Double-Double, Kevin Love follows in the Mailman's footsteps, null, Good news!, Kevin Love Snubbed?, David Thorpe (Insider) wrote the other day that Blake Griffin has the potential to be an MVP but Love is the better All-Star pick right now: "His combination of rebounding and outside shooting is possibly the best the game has ever seen. If his team looked for him more in the post, he'd be having an even better season than he is, which is extraordinary." -ESPN, Watch this tonight at 6:30 and tell us what you think!, Latest blog post by Kevin on GQ.com, Big Weekend for Love, Agree or disagree?, null, http://www.612allstar.com/, On the B.S. Report with Bill Simmons, If you came here from KL42.com, you've arrived at the right place. Now tell us!, An interesting look back before Kevin took the NBA by storm, Time to let it all hang out, If you follow Kevin on Sina (his Chinese "Twitter") and vote for him for the All-Star Game, you win a chance to see him at the All-Star game or a Minnesota Timberwolves game!, Did everyone catch this?, Please help support this cause and spread the word, Kind words from some of the best, Video we made for the coat drive, null, Let's all pitch in for this and do some good to end the year)