List(null, Easter is here !!!!!! Great news, It looks like the Easter Bunny stopped by last night and left hundreds of fresh eggs! No need to fight over brunch we have plenty.  Let’s make some omelets, crepes, pancakes and stuffed French toast! Join us for Easter brunch! 
#brunchisgolden #familylove #happyEaster
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/easter-brunch/, How's everyone's #cosplay looking at Anime Boston 2016 today?? Don't forget to stop by and refuel with a free app and dessert!, null, null, We all know how much everyone loves B R U N CH! Come in and share the experience with your friends and family on Easter! 
#familygathering #mmhmm #weallloveit
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/easter-brunch/, We hope everyone is this excited for #EasterBrunch !! We all can't wait for Sunday! Come on by you don't want to miss out!
#SundayBrunch #foodoverload #familytime
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/easter-brunch/, Do you love brunch as much as we do? Not going to lie… Brunch is even better on Easter all the pancakes, omelets, crepes, bacon and cinnamon rolls you can imagine :) YUM! Come in and join us for brunch, we look forward to see you!
#Easterbrunch #nomnom #perfection
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/easter-brunch/, Everything tastes better with #Sriracha ! Yes, even grilled pizza. Is there a better hot sauce?, Happy St. Paddy's Day!! How is everyone celebrating their luck on this sunny Thursday? #StPatricksDay #Cheers, Our favorite kind of Pi. ;) Happy #PiDay!, Happy #InternationalWomensDay! Who has a hard-working woman in their life deserving of some extra admiration today?, #FridayFeelings, We're pumped to be hosting the open house for BostonUSA tonight! Check out those spatula skills., You are what you eat.. Mindful choices today, for a better tomorrow #eatforlife, Ribs is what's for dinner #bbq #homebraisedribs, Weather like this makes us think... The Ducks are coming, the Ducks are coming!! Boston Duck Tours, Congrats: you made it through another school vacation week of entertaining your little ones! Today is your last chance to treat your rambunctious kids to a FREE meal at our grill! Picky eaters welcome (even if they are afraid of that "icky green stuff"). 

Don't forget that Blue Man Group at The Charles Playhouse will also be doing free kids face painting for anyone that stops by for a show! What better way to end the week??, Half way through school vacation week! If you're looking for fun stuff to do in the city, dare to live in full color with a performance from the Blue Man Group at The Charles Playhouse! They're celebrating with FREE face painting for the kiddos... then join us for dinner after and kids eat for FREE! #KidsEatFreeWeek, School Vacation week is here...you shouldn't have to keep your kids entertained at the cost of your sanity!, null, Valentine’s Day is approaching quickly! There are still some spots left--make your reservations NOW, and be a hero forever 😉, Are you ready for a weekend of epic proportions? Valentine's weekend with us will make you into a professional Cupid!, null, Our furry little friend did NOT see his shadow!! This means warm weather to come! As New Englanders, we should all take a moment to appreciate this.

Don't forget to check your emails tomorrow to see if you won a delicious prize!, You have until midnight tonight to get your votes in!! 500 free dinners... this ain't no joke! #GHD2016 https://fireice.typeform.com/to/OH286n, Be like Phil! Cast your votes here: https://fireice.typeform.com/to/OH286n, Shadow vs. No Shadow... free dinners are on the line here people, choose wisely., Voting is officially live. Which side will you choose? Vote now, because 500 FREE dinners are on the line. Unlike your chances with the last PowerBall, you may actually have a shot at winning this one..., Voting is near.... 

...and 500 free dinners are on the line. Are you ready??

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBk23kDUxXc, Today is National Cheese Lovers Day!! ...a whole day dedicated to those who love cheese? Heck yes.

This is the perfect excuse to grill up some cheesy pizza with extra cheese...topped with cheese!!, Brace yourselves: 500 free dinners are on the line. #GroundhogDay2016, Who's craving some snow? Who's dreading it? 

We have a feeling the skiers and snowboarders might feel different from the rest of the group..., You shouldn't have to miss out on fun + delicious just because of a New Year's resolution! We're your New Year's Resolution's best  friend! Create a meal that's both healthy AND delicious!!, Helloooooo 2016!!! Come celebrate the new year the best way we know how: with BRUNCH!!, New Year's Eve is finally upon us!! Stay safe tonight everyone, and thanks for another awesome, FiCE-y year! See ya never, 2015!! #HappyNewYear!!!, So can we!! New Year's Eve is just a day away, which means you still have one more day to buy gift cards and receive a bonus for yourself! Buy $100, get $25 free! Buy $50, get $10!! 

Click here to buy now: 

https://www.fire-ice.com/buy-gift-cards/, Well, Boston... winter has arrived! Take cover from the icy snow!! Stay off the roads and get warmed up at our grill. Sounds like a pretty good coping mechanism to us ;) 

How is everyone commuting around the city today?, Tonight is the last College Night and Military ID Night of the YEAR! (See what we did there?)

Come in with your Student or Military ID, and say farewell to the last week of 2015 the best way possible: All-you-can-create at our grill for $10.99., null, Even Santa likes to mix things up... 

Merry Christmas everyone!! Have a safe and happy holiday with your loved ones!, Santa's coming!! Santa's coming!! Happy Holidays everyone! We'll be closing at 4PM today so that we can go enjoy a Christmas feast with our families too :) We'll be back in action on Saturday, December 26th-- regular hours and all! #MerryChristmas, Pop quiz!! Who knows why there's a string attached to the animal crackers boxes? #HolidayTrivia, Look at all that BACON! Who can guess how many pounds of bacon we're grilling up this morning?? How much in a week? Give us your best guess!! #baconlife #TGIF, Has anyone noticed our AWESOME new window art?? We couldn't be happier! Thanks to the kids at Frances Jacobson Early Childhood Center (FJECC), Temple Israel Boston, and Tova Speter for creating these FiCE inspired flames and making us a part of #8nights8windows!, null, null, Too stuffed from all that turkey and don’t want to leave your couch to go shopping? We have just what ya need! Click on our link to get one of our gift cards! Buy $100, get $25. Buy $50, get $10!  #ProblemSolved #blackfriday http://ow.ly/UYCN5, Happy #Thanksgiving!! We are thankful for our guests, employees and everyone else that keeps our company fun and delicious! What are you most thankful for?  #turkeyday #andthankfulforfood, Week of #BlackFriday is here! Don’t let the season of giving stress you out. We’re here to help! Click the link below to buy a #giftcard for $100, and get $25. Or buy $50, get $10.  Gift giving just got a whole lot simpler.
https://www.fire-ice.com/buy-gift-cards/, In light of the tragedies that have occurred in Paris, we are reminded of strength in compassion, love, and kindness. Our thoughts and prayers are with Paris and everyone affected by the attacks. #PrayForParis, Pick a side. Do you need a more festive cup? Or do you prefer your cup a bright, solid red?

Comment and share with us your feelings on the controversy!! #itsjustacup, We know the holidays can be stressful....but remember, #ItsJustACup!, null, Thank you to all of our veterans out there!! Share with us stories and photos about your favorite veterans, who are you honored to be honoring today?? 

Happy Veterans Day! 

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-heroes/, This Wednesday, we're saluting our heroes! Thank you to all veterans and active military personnel--have a meal on us!

 https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-heroes/, Have a happy and safe Halloween everyone!! Don't forget to post your pictures of your costumes when you check in with us! #Halloweekend #CostumeConteset, HAPPY HALLOWEEKEND!!! Think you've got what it takes to win our costume contest? It'll be pretty hard to beat this pup, but we'll give you the benefit of the doubt.

We're accepting contest entries ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW! To enter: Check in with us when you get to the restaurant, post a photo of your get-up, and let us handle the rest!

Oh, and yes, we're also feeding your kids for FREE today and tomorrow!! 

We can't wait to see all of you festive ghosts, princesses, monsters, or present-carrying-puppies! #TrickOrTreat #ThisIsHowYouHalloween, Now THIS is the type of Halloween spirit we like to see!! T-minus two days until it's time to break out the costumes! Check out how the Boston Bruins kept up with their Halloween tradition this year. 

(Big Z makes a pretty good Gru, if you ask us).

http://www.cbssports.com/nhl/eye-on-hockey/25356646/look-bruins-players-dress-as-minions-to-visit-kids-in-hospital, Just because Halloween is 5 days away, doesn't mean we've forgotten about you hungry college students!! Come in tonight for a SCARY good meal at a FRIGHTENINGLY good price! Costumes welcome!!

(Cheesy puns aside, $10.99 for all-you-can-create is pretty legit, if you ask us...), Who thinks they'll be able to top this lil' guy?? With Halloween just about a week away, we hope you're ready for some serious costume competition!! 

Check in with us on #Halloween to enter our #costumecontest, and you could win $200!! Don't forget, little ones like this one can eat for FREE too!

#YouTrickWeTreat

http://www.bdcwire.com/tiny-mass-statie/?s_campaign=bcom%3Asocialflow%3Afacebook, null, null, FACT. Cope with us at our grill (it'll keep you plenty warm, we promise).

#CollegeNight means $10.99 for all you can eat with your student and military ID's tonight!! See you soon!, And with just 12 hours standing between you and the Head Of The Charles Regatta, it's time we told you about our specials... are you ready?? 

How 'bout we give you a FREE appetizer AND dessert when you check in with us on Yelp? 

Yup. That easy. Don't let your hunger spike during the events this weekend, we've got you covered!! #HOCR51 See you soon!, It's almost here!! The Head Of The Charles Regatta is quickly approaching... which can only mean one thing: weekend FiCE specials!! Stay fueled through the weekend events at our grill, and you'll receive not one, but TWO surprises from us!! Stay tuned to find out what these may be ;) #HOCR51 #Rowing, The original mix..., No classes today, AND College Night with us? Sounds like a match made in heaven... Come by tonight with your student ID and you can enjoy dinner for just $10.99!!!, We see it approaching! The much-awaited, deeply desired LONG WEEKEND! Whether you’re at the Bruins game, dancing in the streets of Harvard Square at Oktoberfest or finding a new treasure at the Neighborhood-Wide Yard Sale, the city is bustling with excitement over the next few days—and we have the food to keep you fueled! What’s on your calendar for the weekend? #TGIF http://www.thebostoncalendar.com/events/40-things-to-do-in-boston-this-weekend, Did you know, Americans ate over 4.5 billion tacos last year? In case you were wondering, that’s 490,000 miles of tacos…which could take you all the way to the moon and back! Come celebrate what we all love most—tacos! Join us for $2 tacos at #tacotuesday at underFiRE Bar!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/taco-tuesdays/, We love our veggies!!! Happy National Vegetarian Day to all our veg-lovers out there! There's endless possibilities of vegetarian dishes at our market... who thinks they can create the best one?? Share your recipes with us!, Enough said.., Brotherly love at our grill on this fabulous Friday! Come join the fun, this dynamic duo will be here all day. #TGIF, Everyone's favorite season is officially here! Happy Fall Equinox everybody, how will you be spending your perfect 12 hours of daylight today?? #SweaterWeather #FirstDayofFall #PieSeason, Throwback Thursday!! Who remembers our exciting Create-an-ad-contest?! Seems like just yesterday.... These guys nailed it! http://youtu.be/ydDVIBr3Pp4 #tbt, Happy #NationalGuacamoleDay!!! We made the list, so come celebrate with us and guac-on! Thanks for the shout-out, Foursquare!

https://foursquare.com/top-places/back-bay-boston/best-places-guacamole, We had a blast on Saturday!! Thank you CollegeFest for hosting us at #fenwaypark. Now, who's stopping by the restaurant for College Night tonight?!, We made it! Happy Saturday, and hellooooo CollegeFest!!, Can anyone guess what we're prepping for this weekend?? 😏 

(Hint: Fenway park isn't just for baseball, right CollegeFest?), Just because summer has come to a close, doesn’t mean the fun should stop at Labor Day! Unlimited omelets, crepes, and bacon 10AM-3PM on Monday with a special Monday Brunch! #TreatYoSelf

https://www.fire-ice.com/2015/09/04/labordaybrunch/, null, null, Hey COLLEGE STUDENTS! Don't break your bank, we're here to feed you while still keeping your wallets happy! Monday nights here are College Night!! $10.99 for all you can eat at our grill, you can thank us later ;), Happy Friday from our awesome kitchen staff!! Cheesecake, anyone?? ;) #yesplease #TGIF 

What's your go-to Friday dessert?, Oven roasted garlic for the market and our sauces.. Can you guess how many pounds of garlic we roast up every week?, Who remembers our great chair-parking-spot-debate?? This heat may be unbearable...but let's just take a moment to remember THIS. Personally, we'd prefer the sun. #SnowThankYou #BringOnTheHeat, An accidental ice-spill turned out to be this fella's point of recovery from the summer sun! How is everyone else staying cool on this hot Wednesday??, Don't forget to stop by our little sister's booth at #BestFest2015 tonight! ;), Happy 4th to all!!! We wish everyone a fun, delicious, and safe #IndependenceDay! What's on your grill today?!? We have a few ideas for our grill..., Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there!, Taco Tuesday coming soon?! Try and act like you're not excited, we dare you., It's 5 o'clock somewhere, right?? #ThirstyThursday #cheerstothat, Do we smell a little sibling rivalry with  underFiRE Bar? ;) FiRE+iCE Providence is stepping up their game with this phenomenal LavaRock Cooking method... If any of you loyal Boston fans find yourself down in Providence, you have GOT to check this out--we promise you won't regret it!! #LavaRock, Hey Boston!! Please cast your votes for our little sister's amazing burger!! underFiRE Bar needs to be in the top 30 burgers of Boston in order to attend Boston Magazine's grand tasting event in August!

Vote here: http://www.bostonmagazine.com/cookout-burger/burgervote-2015/

#BurgerBattle 
(Guess what--you can vote once a day too ;) ), null, Little sis does it again. Check out underFiRE Bar in the examiner! 

http://www.examiner.com/article/underfire-ignites-the-after-work-back-bay-crowd, Our little sister underFiRE Bar again in the spotlight! 

http://www.dgrubs.com/2015/05/07/underfire/, A mother's work is never done! Let's give all the moms a break this Mother's Day with the tastiest #brunch in town at FiRE+iCE! Make your mom a reservation today!!
https://www.fire-ice.com/online-reservations/, null, null, 1/2 priced #tacos for #cincodemayo  at underFiRE Bar check out the CLUB.. Grilled Peruvian chicken, braised pork belly, guac, pico and a garlic jalapeño aioli., Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Perfect day for a Strawberry Basil Margarita from our new cocktail menu!, null, Yup, our new bar underFiRE is live! It’s all about reinvention. Located under the iconic FiRE + iCE that you know and love, underFiRE channels all the fun of FiRE + iCE into a chill, lounge environment... Along with some pretty kick-a*% food and cocktails! Read more about how our Director of Operations, Rafael Barbosa, made this dream come true here: 

http://www.improper.com/going-out/chickpeas-to-chia-seeds/, Our new bar underFiRE Bar is NOW OPEN in Boston! Delicious cocktails & apps await you! Come downstairs at FiRE+iCE Boston and enjoy!, #AllagashWhite is our featured beer of the week at underFiRE Bar! Try the crisp and refreshing Belgian style brew, perfect for any spring day!, Kid’s driving you crazy over April Vacation? We’re here to help! FiRE+iCE is bringing back Kids Eat FREE Week for rewards members from 4/20-4/26!! Kids love FOOD & FUN and that’s what we’re all about! FOOD, FUN, & FREE? Does it get much better?!, Looking for somewhere to bring the kids over April Vacation that won’t break the bank? Look no further! We're bringing back Kid’s Eat FREE Week from 4/20-4/26!! Just join our rewards club, and FEED YOUR FUN!


https://www.fire-ice.com/news/kids-eat-free-week/, null, April 1st obviously only means one thing to us: PRANKS! Share with us the greatest April Fools pranks you've ever been a part of--whether you were the pranker or the prankee, we wanna hear it! #mischiefmanaged #AprilFoolsDay, Congratulations to everyone that won a free dinner making this absolutely amazing looking dish! It is certainly delicious! Make sure to email your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com if you won a free dinner!, Thank you Nicole, Nick, and Keri for picking broccoli and mushrooms for your bowl! 

It's time for the final round! Which sauce will go amazingly with this delicious dish?!?

-Sweet Chili
-Hoisin Ginger
-Greenberg's Teriyaki
-Yakitori
-Golden Honey Garlic
-Salsa De Fuego, Thank you Fallon! Chicken is now added to your bowl! 

Next round we need to pick TWO Vegetables to add to your bowl! One per comment! 

-Broccoli
-Mushrooms
-Snap peas
-Baby corn
-Green peppers
-Water Chestnuts, Thank you Philip! We have egg noodles in your bowl! 

Next it's time to add a protein and the first one to comment will win a FREE DINNER AT FIRE+ICE!

Protein:
Chicken
Tuscan Pork
Ancho Lime Chicken
Kielbasa
Tilapia, It's back!! Be first to comment an ingredient for "What's in your Bowl" to win a FREE dinner at FiRE+iCE! Can't wait to see what masterpiece you guys create!
What would YOU add first?!
-Fried rice
-Egg noodles
-Penne pasta
-Rice noodles
-Mini shells
-Brown rice, #FiREandiCEGrill #instafan of the day goes to @zumbapower! We hope you enjoyed Date Night, and congrats on your little one on the way! :), Shoutout to @kristineandthings our #instafan of the day! Thanks for sharing this awesome picture! #fireandicegrill #muchfood #muchfun, Congratulations Tara, you've won a FREE dinner! Thanks for selecting the delectable Hoisin Ginger sauce! 

This meal looks AMAZING, here's the before and after... SOO GOOD!

Thank you to everyone who played What's in your Bowl, and congratulations to all of the winners!!, Thank you Lisa, Anna, and Heather! It's all coming together! 
Final round!!! Broccoli, Baby corn, Chicken, and Egg noodles go perfectly with which sauce?
-Sweet Chili
-Hoisin Ginger
-Greenberg's Teriyaki
-Yakitori
-Golden Honey Garlic, Thanks Ashley! Chicken is now in the bowl!

Next round we pick the first TWO vegetables, one per comment!  Which veggies should be in our bowl?!
-Broccoli
-Mushrooms
-Snap peas
-Baby corn
-Green peppers
-Water Chestnuts, Thanks, Matt for choosing Egg Noodles as our first ingredient!
What would YOU add next?! Comment first to win a FREE dinner!

Protein:
-Tilapia
-Chicken
-Shaved steak
-Pulled Pork
-Swordfish, It's back!! Be first to comment an ingredient for "What's in your Bowl" to win a FREE dinner at FiRE+iCE! Can't wait to see what masterpiece you guys create! 

What would YOU add first?!
-Fried rice
-Egg noodles
-Penne pasta
-Rice noodles
-Mini shells
-Brown rice, Surprise, surpriiiiiise! Big things are coming in the form of a new FiRE and iCE bar!!  ;) https://www.fire-ice.com/news/new-boston-bar/, REAL TALK! Does “the chair”, mark the Spot? We want to know… how do you feel about furniture marking that prime, freshly shoveled piece of asphalt? Let the debate begin!, Who has the best 2K15 blizzard  photos ? Share your winter wonderland pics on this post and we'll be the judge., Valentine's Day... To be continued; today! Thanks to some local staff members, we'll  be opening today at 4pm for dinner. Our VDay prix fixe menu is also available!, null, We think the way to anyone’s heart is through their stomach! #FeedTheLove by booking your Valentine's Day reservation today!, We all saw the amazing Super Bowl win on Sunday...now who's out celebrating with the Pats at the parade today?! Come stop in after and warm up with us at our grill! #doyourjob #PatsNation, The results are in!!!! Check to see if you have won!! https://www.facebook.com/notes/fireice-boston/groundhog-day-2015-winners/787783781259491, Groundhog Day 2015 Winners!!!!!, Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow!!! 

On to six more weeks of winter!! (The snow definitely got the memo).

Stay tuned as we will announce our winners tomorrow!!, Tonight is your last chance to enter! Don't miss your chance at a FREE DINNER!! 

Vote now! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/

P.S. Go Pats!!, Who wants a FREE DINNER????

Put down the shovels and cast your vote now!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, We will remain closed for the rest of the day as we await the end of the storm. We will resume our normal hours tomorrow. Stay warm and safe!!, Due to current conditions and the safety of our staff, FiRE+iCE Boston will remain closed until at least 4pm. 

As the day goes on we will provide more information. Until then, wishing everyone a safe and warm snow day!, It is that time of year again!! 
GROUNDHOG PREDICTION TIME!!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link and you could win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, It is that time of year again!! 
GROUNDHOG PREDICTION TIME!!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link and you could win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, It is that time of year again!! 
GROUNDHOG PREDICTION TIME!!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link and you could win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, The New Year is upon us!! How are you celebrating?

http://www.opentable.com/fire-and-ice-reservations-boston?rid=47272&restref=47272, Look at all that stir fry!! Our team is grillin' up lunch for 500+ people at today's #TasteOfParkPlaza event! #YUM!, Reserve your seats for our Dinner + A Show!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/dinner-show/, Even after Thanksgiving, Santa is still looking good!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/impression-holidays/, Happy Holidays!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/gift-cards/, null, null, Tell us about your favorite veteran!! We want to learn about who you are honored to be honoring today. Share your photos and stories with us!, Thank you veterans, active and reserve military and your loving & supportive families!! On this Veteran's Day we recognize and thank you for all that you have done and continue to do! Our gratitude is endless. We hope that you join us today for meal on us! #VeteransDay, Happy 239th Birthday Marine Corps! We thank you for all that you have done and all that you continue to do for our country!!

Celebrate with us tomorrow for our Veteran's Day Special Offer!!
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/veterans-day-2014/, This Veteran's Day, we would like to show our appreciation for all of our heroes!!, null, Thank you Veterans!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/veterans-day-2014/, Celebrating the 50th Annual Head of the Charles this weekend??

We are too!! Join us Saturday and Sunday for a FREE Treat on Us!!

Check out our Weekend Special:
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/head-charles-weekend-special/, 9/13/14
Tag to Win!!

Once you have tagged yourself, send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to redeem your free dinner!!, Attention students!! We are live at Fenway park at CollegeFest!! Come pay our booth a visit for fun games, freebies, and FREE DINNERS!, Who is going to CollegeFest at FENWAY Tomorrow?!?

We will be their playing our signature Spatula Flip Cup, have you brushed up on your skills? Prizes include: cups, sunglasses, key chains, high fives and FREE DINNERS!!!, Back to School,
Back to School,
Where microwaves rule,
Homework ruins your cool,
Ramen is a way of life,
You probably don't even own a knife,
Time to kick up a little spice!
Join us at FiRE+iCE!!

This week we are celebrating all things COLLEGE!! Friday Night we are going to Wentworth Institute of Technology for the Colleges of the Fenway Block Party! 

And Saturday we will be at CollegeFest AT FENWAY!!! We are so excited! Are you going??, null, We know many of you were wondering what came of our #icebucketchallenge? 

We are proud to announce that 83 of our brave employees dumped ice over their heads! That is $830 donated to www.alsa.org and Team FrateTrain :)

A big thanks to our brave and generous staff!! We couldn't be more proud!  #strikeoutALS, The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and the grill is sizzling! Monday Brunch has arrived!!!

Enjoy all your favorites and our College Night pricing all day! Just show us your student ID! 

Happy Labor Day!! :), Monday Brunch just got even better!!! 

Celebrate the long weekend with College Night and Military Night pricing all day!! Just bring in your student or military ID!

Make your reservations now! http://alturl.com/obg4a, There will be no Monday Blues this week… no time to be sad with Monday Brunch!! That's right: Saturday, Sunday AND Monday Brunch!! 

Wishing everyone a happy and safe long weekend!!! :), Our fun-loving (and brave) kitchen staff accepted the challenge!! #TeamFrateTrain #StrikeOutALS #icebucketchallenge, Tell us!! 
What’s been your favorite thing you did so far this summer?! 

Ours has been the #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinners and celebrating our CoronaRita "The Banger"!!

So, we want to know: 
What is the funnest, most outrageous, adventurous, wacky, crazy, thing you have done??, It's National Piña Colada Day…and Thirsty Thursday….do the math :)

See you at Happy Hour! #NationalPiñaColadaDay, And Argentina comes out on top 4-2 in penalty kicks! What a Game!!
Congrats to our #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinners
Thelma Novak
Nancy Lawton Halde
To redeem your #WorldCupFreeDinner please send us your full name and mailing info to marketing@fire-ice.com. Happy Hump Day!, The time has come again! Pick the final score & team for the Netherlands VS. Argentina game to win your FREE meal! Let us know before the game starts! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, Who’s ready for the Brazil vs. Germany game?! Think you know who’s gonna win?! Let us know what you think the final score will be before the game starts and you could earn yourself a free meal! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, Yeah Brazil!!!!!!! Congrats to all those who guessed 2-1 Brazil!! 
Being a #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner always makes Monday better!
Mallory Forti
Shannon Agrella
Andra Calisto
Samantha Beauzile
Alyssa Camire
Robin VanGundy
RickChris Monteiro
Rachel Strait
Donny Wise
Brandon Tubens
Joe Goss
Kostas Gakis
Nancy Lawton Halde
Keith Timque
Johnson Tran
Peggy Hennings
Melissa Morales
Joshua Rivera
Svetlana Kats
Nhi Vu
Yesenia Roman
Matt Croall
Luciano Mourao
Mazen Najjar
Cass RF
George Karl Jr.
Peggy Eugene
Ashley Nicastro
Ashley Stone
Phillip Wong
Jennifer Garden
Josh Whitney
Kevin Wilkerson
Amanda Hartnett
Jmarie Hunter
Shannon Olivolo
Mohammed Amine El Mandri
Marc Vivian Halbedel
Mallory Jolene
Ysa Espinal
To redeem your #WorldCupFreeDinner please send us your full name and mailing info to marketing@fire-ice.com. We hope you all had a happy 4th!!, Who’s ready for the Brazil vs. Colombia game?! WE SURE ARE! Let us know your prediction of the final score of the game before the first whistle blows for your chance to score a FREE meal! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner

**Everyones getting a chance to vote early in case you have plans for the holiday tomorrow :) Voting will close when the first whistle blows and winners will be announced Monday! Enjoy the weekend! Happy 4th of July!, Wow Belgium!!! 
Congrats to all those who guessed 2-1 Belgium!! 

Philip Wong
Rami Pera
Stephanie Deckard Henry
Denise Gomez
Anita Knopov
Joshua Rivera
Brie Skinner
Priscilla Serbeto Medeiros

You are #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinners!
To redeem your #WorldCupFreeDinner please send us your full name and mailing info to marketing@fire-ice.com. Have a great day everybody!!, We believe! We believe! We believe we can win! Who do YOU think will win? Let us know your prediction of the final score of the game before the whistle blows for your chance to score a FREE meal!!! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, Do you love brunch as much as we do?? Seriously, all the pancakes, omelets, crepes, bacon and cinnamon rolls you can dream of!! 

That's why we have decided to Double the Brunch! All your Sunday favorites are now available on Saturday too!! YUM!, null, Who is ready for the Brazil vs Mexico game?! Let us know your prediction of the final score of today's game before the first whistle blows for your chance to score a FREE meal! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, USAAAAA!!! Three cheers for an awesome battle by our hometown players!!! The winners will be listed below. Please email your info at 
marketing@fire-ice.com! Gooooooal!! :)

Aline Piazza
Andrew Stone
Andreza Chaves
Anthony Deras 
Ashley Nicastro
Darcie Marks
David Belodoff
Derek Medeiros
Hanin Abu Amara
Joe Gross
John C
Mike Percuoco
John White
Nicole Azamar
Nicole Johnson
Pat Martison
Sarah Allard
Shannon Agrella
Shawn Griffith
Susan McCann
Elisabeth Malin
Justin Senter
Emily Dudek
Natasha Arora
Lauren Min
Matt Sopa
Shar Dudek
Jose Villagran, U-S-A! U-S-A!!  What do you all think the final score will be during today’s exciting match-up between our home team and Ghana?! Let us know before the first whistle blows for a chance to be a #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner!! It’s been an unpredictable #WorldCup so far… Good luck!!, Here’s to the dads that have injured themselves giving piggy-back rides; to the dads that kill the scary bugs; to the dads that sneak us extra treats when they’re the ones in charge; to the dads who live for the fun times; and to the dads that love us no matter how much attitude we give!

-Love, Us Kids everywhere, big and small! 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO ALL THE DADS OUT THERE!, Spain or the Netherlands?? 
Let us know what you think the final score of the game will be and you could be a #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner! What do you think? Tell us before the start of the game! 

#WorldCup, Parabéns Brazil!! 
Brazil beat Croatia 3-1! Another congratulations goes out to our voters who won a FREE MEAL for correctly predicting the score of the game! 

To the winners listed below, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to receive your free meal certificate:

Charnya Dennis
Bruno Bertolucci
Jack Suslak
Ron Hsin
Brazilian Boy Capoeira
Ily Brenes
Jan Prezioso Odenweller
JoJo Jdmass Felix
Ariana Starling
Yuri Martinez
Leonardo Bubba Saravia
Maliha Ali
Tara McLauchlan
Jay Jay
Brian Herny
Andra Calisto
Charlene Croall
Johnson Tran
Philip Wong
Dan Ka Noah Ben 
Dave Dudek
Christian Maxx 
Dary Boa Sorte Jude Silva 
Peggy Eugene
Chris Morgan
Priscilla Serbeto Medeiros
Ward Rainville
Ashley Murphy 
Ashley Nicastro
John Alberts
Alyssa Camire
Kevin Wilkerson
Brittany Russo
Ariel AJ Larosa
Kate Sinclair
Aidan Robinson
Matt Parentela
Rebecca Boncoddo

Congrats Winners! #WorldCup, GOOOOOOOOOOOAL!! Make a prediction to win a FREE meal! Let us know what you think the final score will be of today’s match-up before the first whistle blows!!, What is better than Brunch??

Brunch x 3!!! 

That's right, we are serving three times the brunch ALL weekend long! Saturday, Sunday AND Monday brunch?! Yep!

Who's excited?!, Today is National Server and Bartender Day!! 

On this day (and every day) we recognize our awesome staff and thank them for all they do! You guys rock!!, Mom deserves a break! Come enjoy brunch with us on Sunday! :), Let mom kick back and relax! Come join us for brunch on Mother's Day!!!, Tomorrow is the last day to celebrate Kids Eat FREE Week! Enjoy the last day of vacation with us!! Happy Sunday!, As April vacation wraps up, what are your weekend plans??

Be sure to bring the kids in for some free food!! 
Kids Eat FREE Week extends until Monday!!!!, It's our favorite week of the year! It's vacation and KIDS EAT FREE WEEK!!

[All kids 12 and under can eat for free from 4/22-4-28. Limit two children per paying adult.], Tell us! Where are you watching the race from and who are you cheering on?!? #BostonMarathon2014, Good luck marathon runners!! We commend your strength, resilience and love for our city! We will see you at the finish line!! #BostonStrong #proudtobefromthistown, We are grilling up all your brunch favorites and even breakfast to-go to fuel your day!! #BreakfastOnTheRun, 'Twas the night before Marathon Monday,
And all through the house
Not a creature was stirring,
Not even a mouse.
The sneakers all hung
On the memorial with care,
With love and respect for our city
We all will run there!
 
Keep your limbs lose and your hearts full, we’ll be waiting for you runners at the finish line! #BostonMarathon2014 #BostonStrong, Spectators! Cheerleaders! Family and Friends! How are you gearing up for a long day of cheering?? We are opening TWO HOURS EARLY to grill up Breakfast TO-GO!! Join us at 8am for some hearty fuel for your day! #BreakfastOnTheRun!, No need to tug…we’ve got plenty more eggs in our basket, and we’re sharing!!

Don’t worry, there’s plenty to go around at our Easter Brunch!!, Enjoy a free appetizer and dessert with a purchase of 2 dinners. YUM!!, Looking for a new job?!

FiRE+iCE will be hosting an Open House Job Fair TODAY 3:30 to 5:00 pm!

Please stop in and speak with one of our hiring managers and see if you have what it takes to join our team!

We are looking for energetic, reliable and friendly employees!
Position availabilities:
Hosts
Servers
Prep cooks
Grill cooks
Market staff

We look forward to meeting everyone!!!, Need a Job?!

FiRE+iCE will be hosting an Open House Job Fair TOMORROW, March 12th from 3:30 to 5:00 pm!

Please stop in and speak with one of our hiring managers and see if you have what it takes to join our team!

We are looking for energetic, reliable and friendly employees.
Position availabilities:
Hosts
Servers
Prep cooks
Grill cooks
Market staff

Want to join the most fiery team in Boston?! We look forward to meeting everyone tomorrow!!!, FiRE+iCE will be hosting an Open House Job Fair on Wednesday, March 12th from 3:30 to 5:00 pm! 

Please stop in and speak with one of our hiring managers and see if you have what it takes to join our team!
 
We are looking for reliable, friendly and energetic FOH and BOH employees. 
Position availabilities : 
Hosts
Servers
Prep cooks
Grill cooks
Market staff

Job requirements:
All Fire + iCE employees must:
Be able to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments.

Have the ability to be cross trained if needed.

Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency.

Be able to exhibit an upbeat and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service. 

Be a team player and a multitasker!

Want to join the most fiery team in Boston?! We look forward to meeting everyone on Wednesday!!, null, Happy Make a Friend Day!!! Tell us the funniest way you've ever made a friend.  We want to hear them all… the cheesy, the embarrassing, the once-in-a-lifetime stories!, Monday blues got you down? Turn that frown upside down at COLLEGE NIGHT!! Kick off the week with all you can eat FiRE+iCE!

You know the drill: $9.99 all you can eat with a student ID :), They are finally here!! Opening ceremonies for the #Sochi2014 Olympics begin tonight! Come join us at the bar and enjoy a few while we watch!, The snow may be coming down hard, but our grill is warming up fast! If you are in the area, come warm up and fill up with us!!

Stay safe and warm everyone!, null, The time has come!!! The winners have been selected!!

Are you one of 500 FREE-Dinner-Winners?!? Click the link below to see if you've won!

https://www.facebook.com/notes/fireice-boston/groundhog-day-2014-winners/626714030699801, Groundhog Day 2014 Winners!!, null, Phil saw his shadow, now time to tally the winners!! Did you vote yes? Check in tomorrow to see if you are a FREE-Dinner-WINNER!!, Oh no! Our furry little friend saw his shadow!! No need to dread a longer winter!  Skiing…snowboarding… tubing…SNOW DAYS! What are you looking forward to doing for the rest of the wintery weather?!, Six more weeks of winter! Six….more weeks…..ugh, really?! Unfortunately our little friend saw his shadow this morning, which means more winter weeks ahead of us. Yuck. BUT…. that’s fabulous news for the people who voted yes! Check back tomorrow to see if you are 1 in 500 winners!, Forecast is looking pretty cloudy tomorrow…. Looks like our furry friend might not see his shadow!? 

Have you cast your votes yet? Polls are open until midnight! Don’t miss out on a chance to win a FREE meal! 
http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Last day to vote is tomorrow!! Let us know if you think the furry guy will see his shadow—there could be a FREE Dinner in store for you! http://alturl.com/sxx3f, Punxsutawney Phil wants to know if you have voted yet, so...have you?? We are giving away 500 FREE Dinners! 

Vote now! http://fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Who else loves free food like this little guy?? Vote now for a chance to win one of 500 FREE Dinners!!

Winners will be announced when the groundhog stops chowing down and starts looking for his shadow!

Vote here: https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Here's your masterpiece!!! Time to dig in!!



Congrats to Sarah Allard, Melissa Mendez, Linrosa Thach,Karen FancyPants Berman, Kristina Periara  ...on winning a free meal!! Please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to redeem your free meal!!, What would you add next!?
-Marinara
-Alfredo
-Pesto
-Margherita pomodoro
-Fresh Basil and Sicilian, What would you add next!?
-Chorizo
-Sausage
-Meatballs 
-Steak
-chicken, What would you add next!?
-Mushrooms
-Onions
-Green peas 
-Green beans 
-Zucchini, What would you add next!?
-Peppers
-Onions
-Mushrooms 
-Roasted Garlic  
-Zucchini, What would you add?!
     -Penne 
     -Bowties
     -Fried Rice 
     -White Rice 
     -Potatoes, This groundhog is looking pretty comfy in the spring weather...do you think we are in for an early spring or six more weeks of winter??

Vote now and you could be a FREE-Dinner-Winner!!
http://alturl.com/6fnpm, Have you voted???

http://alturl.com/6fnpm, Who wants to win a free dinner?, Cast Your Vote Now!!
https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Feed your FUN!! 

http://youtu.be/NwK_KQ1O_lc
, Hooray it's a snow day!!!...Now what? 
Brave enough to face the snow? Dig out and get out!! The roads are clear, the T is open and so are we! Warm up around the grill with all your delicious lunch favorites!, Stuck in the city? 

Don't brave the roads during rush hour! Enjoy the warmth of the grill and a delicious dinner before heading home. We will even sweeten the deal with FREE ice cream and coffee to keep you pepped for the ride home!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/2014/01/21/no-snow/, Sausages and Eggs and Bacon! OH MY!!! Experience our smorgasbord of brunch options! Let’s Do Brunch for Martin Luther King Jr. Day!, We’re serving Brunch today in Boston to celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. and all he has accomplished. How else to celebrate Martin Luther King Day, but with your friends and family at brunch. For reservations go to, https://www.fire-ice.com/online-reservations/, How are you spending this glorious Monday off??

How about a special Monday Martin Luther King, Jr. BRUNCH?!?

We are grilling up all your favorite pancakes, crepes and omelets!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/martin-luther-king-jr-monday-brunch-boston/, I scream, you scream, we all scream for ICE CREAM!! 
In honor of the 2014 U.S. Figure Skating Championship Opening Night, we are giving away FREE ice cream all day!!, Looks like the snow emergency parking ban will be lifted at 5pm... just in time for Dinner!!

What delicious dinner creations are you craving??, Hooray!! We survived the storm! The snow has stopped, the roads are plowed, the T is running, the sun is shining and WE ARE OPEN!! 

Brave the cold and join us for warm food while you warm up around the grill :) !!, null, Happy New Year!! Gear up and recover from last night with BRUNCH until 3pm today! What better way to kick off this new year?!, We have the perfect remedy for tomorrow after all your late-night celebrations!!! We are having BRUNCH tomorrow from 10:00 am – 3:00 pm so even our late-night rock stars can recover in style!!!! 
Wishing everyone a happy and safe New Year!!  #newyearseve #newyears #hangovercure, Kids Eat FREE Week is in full swing!! Have you and your family visited us yet??

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/kids-eat-free-week-boston-cambridge-providence/, Kids Eat FREE Week is Back!! We know your wallets may be a little lighter after the holidays, so come continue the festivities with us stress-free!! 

For more info, check out: https://www.fire-ice.com/news/kids-eat-free-week-boston-cambridge-providence/, null, Did you forget someone? Order a FiRE+iCE gift card and we’ll be sure to get it to you just in time for the holiday season! It’s okay, your secrets safe with us ;) https://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, What’s the craziest way you’ve ever celebrated the holidays?! We’re ho-ho-hoping you’ll share some of your favorite memories, and maybe you’ll get a holiday treat in return! #TisTheSeason, Ohhhh the weather outside is frightful but our warm grill is so delightful!!! 

We're grilling up the yummiest brunch in Boston! What are you eating this cold winter morning?, See the FiRE.
Hear the sound.
It's all here. 
At the Big Round! 
FiRE+iCE is feeding your fun till 11pm tonight. A few inches won't stop our fun! 

A big #shoutout to all the employees who volunteered to stay and work a shift tonight! You are all #newenglandtough, How bad is the snow where you're at?, Run Santa,  RUN!!!! Anyone running this year in the #ssrun?, Today is Ice Cream Day, make us scream for ice cream!!! Tell us some of your favorite toppings and 6 lucky winners will get to satisfy their cravings at our ice cream bar!!!!!, WTF!!…Where’s the fun?! ;)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgeLWjNs5jM

Buy your gift cards now and receive freebies!!, Hope you have your hats, mittens and scarfs ready for tonight’s 72nd Annual Tree Lighting at the Boston Common from 6-8pm. 

See you all there!!!!!, Uh oh today is Santa’s List Day. Have you been naughty or nice? Or perhaps misunderstood ;)

….Don‘t forget about your own lists! Buy a $60 gift card and get $10! Buy $100 and get $25!, Welcome in the Holiday Season and brighten up these dark, cold winter nights at the Christopher Columbus Annual Lighting of the Trellis!! There will be live entertainment, refreshments, treats and giveaways at 110 Atlantic Avenue on Boston’s historic waterfront! This holiday wonderland transformation starts tonight at 5:30pm!, Szia! 

#WorldHelloDay, Merhaba!

#WorldHelloDay, Salve!

#WorldHelloDay, Bonjour!

#WorldHelloDay, Hola!

 #WorldHelloDay, Hello Everyone!

 #WorldHelloDay, Who's gearing up for the game tonight?!, Calling all Spartans!! Just one more day until you take on the Spartan Race at Fenway! What will you be eating in order to fuel up for tomorrow's events??, Hello Instagramers!!! We officially have the yummiest Instagram page! Follow us and share your fun... free dinner giveaways each day! #Fireandicegrill, Tis the season for giving the best gift ever! a FiRE+iCE Gift Card of course!

https://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, This Veterans Memorial in Arizona has a special message that can be seen on Veterans Day each year at 11:11am,  when the sun hits it at just the right angle! Awesome tribute!

Happy Veterans Day to all who have and continue to keep this country safe!!, Happy Veterans Day!! 
We love supporting our troops, and we can’t thank you Veterans enough for the courage and service you have provided for our country. Today, let us treat you to a meal on us!

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. (Must present form of Military ID to receive this offer.)

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, The gratitude and love we have for our troops here at FiRE+iCE is endless…that’s why Today and Tomorrow, we’d like to treat our heroes to a delicious meal on us!

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. (Must present form of Military ID to receive this offer.)

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, Veterans Day means a lot to us! Who are you honoring this Veterans Day? Bring in your hero tomorrow or Monday for a free meal on us!! 

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. (Must present form of Military ID to receive this offer.)

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, We want to heat things up this Friday…literally!  For Cook Something Bold Day we want to hear about your craziest creations in the kitchen. Ready... go…..!!!, What does Veterans Day mean to you?, Veterans and Military Service Members we Salute YOU!! 

We would like to honor your hard work, bravery and sacrifice this Veterans Day Weekend with a meal on us! On November 10th and 11th, it would be our pleasure to serve you!

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. 

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, null, Turn your clocks back, How are you continuing today's celebrations?!? We don't want the day to end! Hang with us until 11pm! 
#redsoxnation #2013champions, Let's keep this party going! 🎉
What are your post parade plans?? 
Fuel up with us with your fave food and ice cold drinks! ⚾️🍻

#redsoxnation #bostonstrong, The Duck Boats are on the move!! There's nothing like a city wide party on this gorgeous Saturday! Where are you watching the parade?? 

#BloodSweatandBeards #champions, null, Who is going to the Boston Red Sox Parade tomorrow?!?

Fuel up on great food and ice cold beers with us!!
#BloodSweatandBeards #WS2013 #Champions #BostonStrong, We are still on that World Series high and can't wait for the Duck Boat Parade!! #BloodSweatandBeards #WS2013

In the mean time.... Happy Halloween!!!, That’s what we like to see, Red Sox!!! Have an awesome and safe night of celebrating!!! WORLD SERIES CHAMPS 2013!!! #BloodSweatAndBeards, BOSTON!!! T-minus less than 3 hours until first pitch!! Come by, grab a beer, and cheer on the sox with us!!! ☺ #BloodSweatAndBeards #WS2013, BIG thank you to everyone who participated in this years wild costume contest!!! Your creativity was through the roof, as expected!! This years winners are:

Rachel Lipman
Kristin Cahoon
Jennifer Lynn 
Megan Osterman 
and Christian Maxx 

Please email us your information at marketing@fire-ice.com for your free dinner certificates :) Happy Halloween!!!, Hey you crazy ghosts, skeletons, and other wild creatures!! We love seeing how creative you've been so far...Last call to post pictures of your Halloween costumes before we pick our winners!!, It's costume contest time!!! Show us your photos of your scariest, craziest costumes! Comment below with your photo between 12 and 4--Top 5 most creative costumes will be awarded FREE dinners!! Happy Halloween :), Goblins and Ghosts and Witches, Oh My!!!
This is shaping up to be a very festive weekend! We love the costume craziness and want to continue the festivities into next week too!!

Sooo...take a photo of your self in your craziest costumes this weekend and we will host a Costume Contest on Monday!!

Details for posting your photos will come early Monday afternoon so keep an eye out for a chance to win!, Freidns, gesus waht nhgit ti si! Celloge Nghit! Wtih yuor stdunet ID, dnneirs olny $9.99!!, We love the excitement of the @HeadOfTheCharles and we want to share our excitement with you! Hop on FourSquare and check out what you get when you check-in with us! See you soon!, Enjoy TWO COURSES ON US!! Has all the excitement at the @Head of the Charles worked up your appetite?? Come hang with us during the races and get TWO COURSES ON US!! That’s right, we want to feed you free appetizers and desserts! Check-in with us on FourSquare when you arrive!, We can barely contain our excitement anymore!!! This weekend's Head Of The Charles Regatta is so soon! Who’s going to cheer on the rowers?!, Looking for the best route through town during the Head Of The Charles Regatta? Or maybe the best viewing spot? Check out http://www.boston.com/travel/2012/10/17/bdc-head-the-charles-gallery/bnyrqlccUI9bhZX44FgSnL/gallery.html for tips and tricks to have the best Head of the Charles experience!

And don’t forget to fuel up with us before or after! We have some great HOCR2013 specials going on!! Enjoy the races!, In the mood for Latin food tonight? How ‘bout Italian? Maybe seafood is more up your alley? Good news: Have all three in one sitting! Enjoy some fish tacos while sipping on a margarita, or try creating your own pizza! What are you craving most right now??, Potatoes are one of the most versatile and nutritious vegetables in the world. The Incans have many uses for potatoes, such as treating facial blemishes by washing your face daily with cool potato juice?!! 

Instead of washing your face with potato juice, spruce up your meal with some potatoes!! Have ‘em fried, mashed, smashed, baked, roasted and especially GRILLED!!

Like in our BBQ Pork Rib Smorgasbord!!, TAG TO WIN!!!!!!, Hey Selena Gomez fans!! For each ticket sold tonight, Selena will be donating $1  to The One Fund Boston, in order to assist those affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing that happened last spring... Talk about giving back!

Fuel up with us before the show!!, Selena Gomez will be performing with Emblem3 at the Garden tonight at 7! Be sure to feed your fun and explore delicious before the show! :), Do you love free stuff?? We love giving it out!! 
We are hanging out all day at CollegeFest playing prize pong! Free dinners, t-shirts, sunglasses and more!!

Stop by our booth and hang out with us!!

CollegeFest @ the Hynes Convention Center, Boylston St., Did you know the longest pizza delivery was a journey over 10,000 miles from England to Australia? How far are you willing to travel for some FiRE + iCE grilled pizza?, October is National Pizza Month, can you guess what the most popular pizza topping is?!, Hello!?!? It’s #$%&*@# College Night…again! C’mon, don’t be that kid this week, feed your fun and explore delicious, with your student ID it's only $9.99!!!, Today is National Do Something Nice Day! Tell us the most over the top nice thing you have done for someone.

Ps. In the spirit of things, we are feeling pretty generous ourselves. Who knows your next dinner to Fire and Ice might just be on us :), Mushrooms are one of the richest, natural sources of selenium, an essential mineral which strengthens the immune system. What meals do you “POWER UP” by including Mushrooms?, Happy October!!

It is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month! 
This month we would like to honor all those courageous women and men fighting and help to find a cure! 

Help us to contribute with the purchase of a FiRE+iCE Pink Ribbon T-shirt. All proceeds will be donated to the American Cancer Society Making Strides Foundation. 

Join the fight here! www.fire-ice.com/join_the_fight/, null, Did you know spinach is ranked high compared to other vegetables having many health benefits and nutrients? It’s no wonder Popeye was able to charm Olive!, We love greens!! What’s your favorite green vegetable?!!, Happy World Vegetarian Day 2013!, You got a taste for our Chef Challenge last week, and we know you are craving more!! Check out this week's Challengers put their sizzling skills to the test as their plates were stacked higher and higher with mouthwatering deliciousness!

Wanna challenge a Chef in a FiRE+iCE showdown? Send us your info to marketing@fire-ice.com.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zyLGFgBj5o, In need of a Hump Day pick-me-up?
Pizza and beer is our go-to snack :)

What's your fave hump day treat??, Do you watch Chopped? Iron Chef?... Check out the newest cooking challenge to hit the airwaves. The FiRE+iCE Chef Challenge!

Wanna challenge a Chef in a FiRE+iCE showdown? Send us your info to marketing@fire-ice.com. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CoYqMletVo, TAG TO WIN!!!!!!!, null, We LOVE the New England Aquarium!! We will be hanging out there all night for the College Open House! Check out our table for free giveaways and games!! 

For more info, check out http://www.neaq.org/college, This warm weather has us craving something tropical to start the weekend right!! Our Frozen Lava Flow should do the trick! What are you craving??, Wow do you guys know good food or what?!? These crazy creations have sure got us thinking about a new menu!! 
Just kidding...kind of...

The crazy creation winners are:
Dylan Ruscansky, Stacy Dunn, Kaleb Ballou, Stephanie Fernandez, Charles Raymond Selker, Mathylia Beauvais, Michael Catania, Kara Martin, Bill Hecker, James Rekowski, Bonnie Bea, Chris Tam, Nicole Lynn Catania, Jennifer Motes, Nancy Gail Thayer, John C, Cindy Nitche, Alicia E., Susan Almeida, Marybeth Crowley, Joe Goss, Ron Hsin, Heather Coirin, Megan Tainter, Lisa Marie Garneau-Cantania
To redeem your free dinner certificate, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com.

Thank you to everyone for you wild and wacky ideas! Keep an eye out for more games and giveaways to come!, Anyone else feeling like this today?? Let's shake up this Tuesday!! 

What is the craziest dish you can think to make at FiRE+iCE?? 
Share with us and we will share 25 free dinners with you!! 

That's right, 25  FREE DINNERS for the 25 craziest dishes you can dream up at FiRE+iCE! Tell us your creations! (Limit one free dinner per person. Winners will be announced at 5pm)., It's a gorgeous day here at Fenway for College Day!! Check out our booth to play pong and win free prizes!!, null, Who wants all this free swag??? 

Who is chillin at Fenway tomorrow for College Day?!?
WE ARE!! 

Check out our booth and play games to win t-shirts, sunglasses and FREE DINNERS!!! See you tomorrow!, Do you love free stuff?? 
We love free stuff and we love giving to you!! In the next month we will be giving away 1,000 FREE DINNERS, HUNDREDS of sunglasses, t-shirts and bottle openers!! Want FiRE+iCE swag?? 

Visit us at:
College Day @ Fenway- 9/7 11am-5pm
College Open House @ the New England Aquarium- 9/17 
Colleges of the Fenway Block Party- 9/20
College Fest @ Hynes Convention Center- 10/12&10/13, Welcome Back COLLEGE Students!! 
We love seeing the city alive again! What schools are you reppin this semester??, HOLY COW!! Do we have some dedicated fans or what? Willing to risk life, limb and siblings!! You guys are great and for that we reward you!!

We would like to honor: Alicia Parkinson, Tim Synan, Kathryn Elizabeth Kenney, Lindsay Williams, Tracy Gnann, Kaleb Ballou, Linrosa Thach, Kelly Claffey, Stephanie Pereira, Chase Christian, Jessica Andrews, Joe Dunn, Katelin Johnson, Nicole Palmerino, Jaclyn Carchedi, Jose Villagran, Tyler Palmerino, Lauren Fitzgerald Carchedi, Ba Babooey, Sara Pesce, Amber Smith, Karen Fitzgerald, Charles Raymond Selker, Kel-Dee Payne Payne, Eddie Crean, Carol Keane, Mike Hartnett, Jamie Lynn Malone, Amanda Hartnett, Christina Trotta, Elizabeth Orbanski, Deborah Chamberlain, Linsey Dorion, Julie Mayo, James Carchedi, Will Dorion, Allan Villagran and Villagran Andy for your outrageous offers!

If your name appears above, please send us your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com so we can mail you the certificate!!

Thank you everyone for entertaining us before the holiday weekend! We love you all as much as you love us!! (but we probably won't play with snakes or climb Mt. Everest to show you, sorry). We hope everyone has a happy and healthy long weekend!!, One of these bad-Larry's gets you a free meal on us!!!

Tell us, what would you do for one of these??, Is your week off to a slow start?? 
Put some pep in your step at the happiest of all Happy Hours at FiRE+iCE! What is better than all your favorite beverages? How about $3, $4 and $5 appetizers to go with those cold ones!! Every Mon-Friday 4-7pm. See you tonight!

p.s. Jager Bombs are $5!!, Food Fact of the Day:

Did you know?
Garlic is believed to ward off heart disease, cancer, colds, and the flu. The consumption of garlic lowers cholesterol levels and reduces the buildup of plaque in the arteries. And it tastes AMAZING in almost any Italian dish!!

What is your favorite garlic infused dish??, We all know the drink well...whether you have it red, white or sparkling, it is always delicious!! That's right, we are talking about Sangria!! Have you tried ours?

Now we have a question for you: 
Where did Sangria originate? 
Spain? Italy? Portugal? Tell us!, Monday got you down? 
Spice up your week with a homemade Fra Diavolo!! 

What would you add to this fiery dish??, Have you had GRILLED PIZZA at FiRE+iCE?!?

Check out how we do pizza!!

What kind of pizza are you dreaming to make??

http://youtu.be/8AgrOft-2L4, Which is the ultimate Italian Sauce??

Pick your favorite homemade Italian Flavor:

Marinara?
Alfredo?
Pesto Cream?
Fra Diavolo?
Pink Sauce?

Vote Now!! 
https://apps.facebook.com/opinionpolls/poll?pid=ACI4ylsU9u4, What is your favorite homemade Italian Flavor?!?, We are celebrating Italian Flavors all month long!!! Exploring flavor is all we do at FiRE+iCE and what better flavors than homemade Italian sauces and spices!! 

Pizzas, pastas, garlic bread, lasagna (Yep! grilled lasagna is bomb!!) and of course wine! Come in and Mangia!!, null, What is better than Happy Hour on Hump Day?? Happy Hour every Monday thru Friday!!

Introducing Boston's Newest Happy Hour!! $3-$4-$5 Appetizer options from 4-7pm in our bar!, In the spirit of grill season, we NEED to know:
How do you do BBQ? Do you sauce it? Rub it? Season it? 
Or just plain grill it?

What are you're favorite sauces or rubs??, Its almost time to kick it with Sam Adams! Join us at 7:30pm to hang with the Sam crew and enjoy some cold brews!!, Happy Thirsty Thursday!! Sam Adams is coming to celebrate our favorite day of the week! Hang with us tonight at 7:30pm to get in on free samples and Sam Adams swag!

What is your favorite Sam seasonal??, Wow! You guys sure know your ingredients!! Thank you all for participating! The correct answer for our Combination King dish is:

Tofu
Bok Choy
Baby Corn
Carrots
Red Cabbage
Water Chestnuts
Bamboo Shoots

The guesses have been tallied....The Combination Kings and Queens are: Cassie Rose, Susan McCann, Jin Yang, Megan Bourque and Judi Carriere!! Winners, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to redeem your FREE MEAL CERTIFICATE!!

Keep an eye out for more games and giveaways!!, Who will be today's Combination King?!? 
How well do you know the FiRE+iCE ingredients? Guess this dish correctly and you could win a FREE MEAL CERTIFICATE!! 

Be one of the first FIVE winners to guess this dish's ingredients correctly and win a FREE MEAL CERTIFICATE!!  Try to be as specific as possible, the 5 closest guesses will win!! Guessing is open until 5pm tonight!

Let the games begin!!, Which is your favorite summer brew?? 
Blue Moon with a fresh orange slice...
or
Sam Adams Summer Ale with a juicy lemon wedge?, Happy Friday!! There's nothing better than Summer BBQ's on the weekends! How about some sizzling Cajun Steak?? Paired with our signature FiRE iCE-T you can't go wrong!, Who is hungry for lunch??

This Pulled Pork Sub is sure to hit the spot!! Grilled pulled pork with our homemade Sweet Peach Bourbon BBQ sauce is finger lickin' good!!

What would you add?, Happy July!! This is one of our fav months! Summer cocktails, patriotic celebrations and cook-outs every weekend!! And of course we loveeee to grill!! 

Check out how we are celebrating this month! http://www.fire-ice.com/news/july-celebrating/, null, Holy Cow!!!...or should we say Chicken!! So many great guesses! We know its not 6pm yet, but we are going to end the guessing now. We have gotten such great responses that we can't keep the answer to ourselves any longer! So the guessing game is over and we will announce the top guesser shortly! ...Stay Tuned!!, How many pounds of chicken were consumed at FiRE+iCE Boston in the past week?????

The closest guess by 6pm tonight will win a DINNER FOR 4!!

Let the guessing begin!!, In honor of Asian Flavor Month coming to an end we want to test your Asian trivia knowledge. Guess correctly and you could win a FREE dinner certificate of a FREE FiRE+iCE T-shirt!

This "King of Fruits" is extremely popular in Thailand and is known for its overwhelming smell and many uses. What is it?, Have you tried a SUPER SAUCE?! Its an easy and awesome way to kick up the FLAVOR of any dish! Check out how to craft your own Super Sauce!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3z2h27KObI, We are 3 "likes" away from 30,000 fans! We love that you love us!! Please help share the love!, How are you spending the FIRST DAY OF SUMMER?!!

How about unwinding with refreshing homemade Sangria? Yum!, FiRE BOWL??

or

iCE BOWL?? 

What are you drinkin' on this Thirsty Thursday?!, Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful dads out there!!, Evolution 101.7 gets the party started on the radio, and now in our bar!! Hang out with the 101.7 Street Team playing games, winning giveaways and chillin with some drinks! Tonight from 6-8pm!, Evolution 101.7 will be hanging out with you tonight in our bar! Good beats, free swag, games and drinks! What could be better?! Kick it with us from 6-8pm!, Tomorrow the 101.7 Street Team is invading our bar! Join us for good music, games, giveaways, and ice cold drinks! We will be hangin out with 101.7 from 6-8pm!, We know the key to any man's heart is through his stomach, so let's celebrate Father's Day with something we know he will love: FiRE+iCE Father's Day BRUNCH!! 

All the pancakes, crepes, omelets and grilled favorites will be served in honor of Dad this Sunday!, How are you spending this drizzly thirsty Thursday?? The Corona team will be invading our bar tonight to bring some summer into this day! Join us for FREE samples and swag as Corona kicks it in our bar tonight from 6pm-8pm! 

Who wouldn't want one of these Tropical Margaritas double stacked??, You are your own Master Chef at FiRE+iCE! What dish are you craving to chef up?, Did you know??
It takes 12 honeybees to produce ONE tablespoon of honey.

That’s A LOT of work!! Especially for our sweet and savory Golden Honey Garlic sauce! 

Try it in our Honey Pucker Punch Super Sauce!

http://www.fire-ice.com/2013/06/07/super-sauces-kick-it-up-a-notch/, Have you whipped up a SUPER SAUCE yet??

These Bad-Larrys add heat, sizzle and FLAVOR to any dish. Mix your own and tell us what your fav is!


http://youtu.be/N3z2h27KObI, Need a mid-week pick-me-up?!?
Sip on our Asian inspired Sour Pear! This sweet and sour treat is made with Grey Goose La Poire, Disarrono and homemade sour mix! Yumm!!, Super Sauces?........Yes, SUPER SAUCES!! 
This month we are celebrating the bold, zesty flavors of Asian cuisine. And what better way than to mix them to perfection in one of our Super Sauces!? Try our three Super Sauces and then make your own!! 

Which sauce will you try first?, In honor of Asian flavor month, we are celebrating Asian beer!! Which beer is your fav?, null, We are loving this summer weather!! It definitely calls for a light, refreshing beverage! Like our House Mojitos! Cool down with one this afternoon :), How are you spending this gorgeous day?!?
We hope its with a frosty drink in hand!! How 'bout a Lava Flow?, Join us today to celebrate the @bostonrunners and all those participating in the #ONERUN for Boston! 

All runners will receive a 25% off meal discount just by showing their bib or One Run T-shirt! 

We are Boston Strong!, What better way to kick of this weekend than with FREE Corona samples and swag! 

Join us from 6-8 tonight as the Corona team invades our bar! 

Who could go for a bucket of fun??, Join us tomorrow as we cheer on the Boston Runners and all the #ONERUN runners! 

25% off meal discount to all runners who show a bib or One Run T-shirt!!

Boston Strong!, Start your long weekend right with Corona!! Tonight from 6-8pm the Corona team will be visiting our bar to hand out samples and giveaways!! 

Sip on our delicious Corona-Rita while sampling drinks and getting free swag!, Join us this Saturday as we proudly cheer on the Boston Runners and all those participating in the #OneRun for Boston!! 

We will be honoring runners with a 25% discount off their meals!! Just show us your bib or ONE RUN t-shirt to receive the discount!

Boston Strong!, null, Pinto Beans?

or

Black Beans?

Everyone has a favorite, what's yours?, Like to kick up the heat?? 
What is your favorite spicy food or sauce? 
We are torn between the deliciousness of Cholula and Sriracha!, Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!!, You put a lime in what?? This month we are celebrating all there is to Latin Cuisine, especially zesty limes! Check out all the uses for limes that we found! 
http://www.fire-ice.com/2013/05/07/you-put-limes-in-what/
, Stuffed French Toast, Eggs Benedict, cinnamon rolls, bacon....Yum!! 
Treat Mom right this Sunday! Let us do the work while she enjoys all her favorites! 
https://www.fire-ice.com/mothersday/, What are you doing for mom this Mother's Day?, It’s Taco Tuesday!! 
Check out how to make your own tacos at F+i! 

What kind of tacos would you make??

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqTq6l-7Vmg, Do you like your Latin food to be zesty, savory, spicy or tangy??, How do you do Latin? All month long we are celebrating Latin Cuisine!, Shout out to the Class of 2013!! Congratulations to all those graduating across our city!! 

Boston Strong!, What happens when you add our new MANGO GARLIC MOJO sauce to this bowl?!, NEW Homemade Sauces + NEW Ingredients = 
A Whole New FiRE+iCE Experience!

We are grilling up new FLAVORS FROM AROUND THE GLOBE! Start your journey here http://www.fire-ice.com/our-menu/  

Explore Delicious!, http://www.fire-ice.com/our-menu/, We have been Boston Strong, now its time to be Boylston Strong too!

Mayor Menino has announced FREE PARKING throughout the Back Bay!

Join us now through Sunday for free metered parking throughout our strong neighborhood! 

Boston Strong!, We are so glad to see our city start to come back to life on this beautiful Earth Day!

Join us in a moment of silence at 2:50pm today in honor and remembrance of all those affected at the Boston Marathon, and to thank all the law enforcement who worked diligently to keep us safe. 

Boston Strong!, Thank goodness the chaos is over! We are now beginning the road to recovery, and our hearts go out to all those affected in this week's events. Thank you to all the first responders, military and law enforcement for your fast action and determination to keep us safe! We are forever grateful. 

Even the weather is getting nicer! We will be open all day today. We look forward to our city coming to life again!, Due to the ongoing investigations, we will be closed tonight and remain closed until further notice. Please check back here or at fire-ice.com for more updates. We would like to thank our diligent law enforcement for acting so quickly and keeping us safe.

Boston Strong!, Due to the ongoing investigation, we will remain closed until further notice. Thank you to all of our brave law enforcement for acting quickly and keeping us safe!

Boston Strong!, We are resilient! No act of terror will take away from our Marathon, or our city. We would like to begin a campaign for the 2014 Boston Marathon. We will support any and all runners who plan to train harder, longer and tirelessly to make next year's marathon the biggest turn out ever! Our thoughts and hearts go out to all those affected in this year's Marathon. Our marathon campaign is for the solidarity of the 2013 Marathon!

Stay strong Boston!, Please help us get the word out to our heroes! We are open and providing complimentary meals to all emergency, medical, law enforcement and military personnel. 

Thank you for your help and hard work!, As our city is on the road to recovery, so are we. We will resume our normal business hours today, and our Berkeley St. entrance is now open.

We would like to thank all of the men and women working to keep our city safe. We will continue to offer complimentary meals to all of the first responders, emergency crews, law enforcement, military and investigators. 

Stay strong Boston!, Restaurant update: We will be opening the second floor of the restaurant at 4pm today. 

We will continue to offer complimentary meals to the first responders, emergency and medical crews, law enforcement, military and investigators. Thank you for all your efforts. 

The Berkeley street entrance is still closed. Please enter through the Park Square Building entrances on St. James or Arlington street. We are the last door on the left before the Berkeley St. entrance.

Our hearts go out to Boston!, Thank you to all the first responders, emergency and medical crews, law enforcement, military and investigators. 

Please share this with all emergency and law enforcement friends and family!, Boston is our home. Our hearts go out to all those affected by the Boston Marathon explosions. 



Photo Credit: Sean S., FiRE+iCE Corporate Intern, Newest Update: We will be opening our first floor bar and lounge to the public at 12pm. 

We are offering complimentary meals to all first responders, emergency, police, fire, and military personnel! 

The Berkeley street entrance is still closed. Please enter through the Park Square Building entrances on St. James or Arlington street. We are the last door on the left before the Berkeley St. entrance. 

Please share this with all emergency and law enforcement friends and family!, Due to military precautions after yesterday's events, Berkeley street is still shut down. Our restaurant will remain closed until further notice.

Our thoughts and hearts go out to everyone affected in the Boston Marathon yesterday., Due to the tragic events this afternoon, we will be closing our Berkeley St. location effective immediately for the remainder of the evening.

Our thoughts and condolences go out to all those in downtown Boston today., Our thoughts are going out to everyone at the Boston Marathon Finish line, Cheering can be a tiring sport!! 

Support your runners while enjoying HALF-PRICED APPETIZERS in our bar! 

We are located right next to the  recovery tents!, Happy Patriot's Day/ Marathon Monday/ Tax Day!! 

How is everyone spending this triple holiday??, We are getting geared up for BRUNCH while the runners get ready!! 

Join us all day for free WiFi to track the race and your runner!! Visit http://www.baa.org/individual.html to track your runner!, Join us tomorrow to live stream the Marathon with our FREE WiFi!

Half-Priced Apps until 7pm in the bar and Brunch served until 3pm upstairs!, Question: What do French students eat when visiting the United States???, Marathon Monday is tomorrow!! 

Will you be running, walking, cycling, cheering, or drinking??, Running in the Marathon? Load up on carbs tomorrow!

Brunch is served from 10am-3pm and all your dinner faves are served from 4pm-11pm!!, Marathon Monday is quickly approaching!! Where are you watching the festivities??

Join us for half-priced appetizers and FREE WiFi to live stream the race all day in our bar!
OR
Join us upstairs for BRUNCH all day!!

We are located right next to the finish line and recovery tents!, Join us on Marathon Monday for half priced appetizers at the bar and FREE WiFi throughout the restaurant!, Is anyone looking for a job waiting tables? Our servers make $$$!, We had a great time with Pacifico last night. Thanks to everyone who came and tried the free samples!, Our friends from Pacifico will be arriving shortly! Do not miss your chance for some free Pacifico Samples at 6pm in our bar!, Craving the taste of sunshine? Come in tonight at 6pm to try samples of Pacifico!! Our friends from Pacifico Beer Co. will be joining us tonight in the bar with free samples!!, Could you use a vacation? Who couldn’t! Join us tonight for a mini vacation to the tropics with our free samples of Pacifico Beer!, We're now serving grilled pizzas Tuesdays - Thursdays.. You choose your toppings we grill it up to perfection!, Want a free dinner? Post your best Easter pic on our wall and possibly win a FREE DiNNER at FiRE+iCE... Easter Egg Hunt, Marshmallow peeps, Easter Dinner, etc... whatever, just it make it good!!, Happy Easter!! It looks like the Easter Bunny visited us last night and left hundreds of fresh eggs! Lets make some omelets...and crepes, pancakes and stuffed French toast! Join us today for Easter brunch!, We're giving away a bunch of Free dinners tomorrow... check out our page throughout the day!, null, null, Nothing says Easter like homestyle comfort food with great friends and family! Join us for Easter brunch tomorrow to enjoy stuffed French toast, roasted herb potatoes, marinated beef tips and a heavenly carving station!, If you could choose any pizza toppings, what kind of pizza would you make?!, What is your favorite type of PIZZA?

We are serving PIZZA all day today and tomorrow! You pick the toppings and the sauce, and we will grill your pizza to perfection! 

No additional charge for pizzas. Pizzas are served in addition your grill meal every Tuesday-Thursday!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!

Join us for Brunch to recover and recharge for this green holiday!! We are serving GUINNESS STOUT CHOCOLATE PANCAKES until 3pm today!, Fuel up for the night with some of our Corned Beef & Cabbage!

OR

Join us tomorrow for St. Patrick's Day Brunch! Recover and refuel with our signature GUINNESS CHOCOLATE PANCAKES!!

We wish everyone a happy and safe St. Paddy's Eve!, null, The beer is COLD and the grill is HOT as we gear up for the weekend's festivities!
What is everyone doing on this fine St. Patty's Eve?, The Guinness Marinated Beef Tips smell AMAZING on the grill tonight!! What would you add to this deliciousness?, Everyone is a little Irish this weekend!... Even FiRE+iCE!
Join us all weekend for delicious Irish inspired specials and festive drinks!, Outside our window.., The snow is coming to an end.. the roads are clear and we're FiREing up the grill! Get out of the house, come down and have fun and a delicious meal at FiRE+iCE! 

or

Participate in our CONTEST...
If you're not as lucky and totally buried under snow, let us know!! We'll offer 2 free dinners to the person who posts the most outrageous picture from today of being stuck in the snow... your buried car... your blocked road... or any other snowmageddon pics!, Its almost 8! 
And it looks like we’ve gotten a little more snow! 
Now get $3 off your meal for the rest of the night!!

That’s right, thanks to good old Mother Nature you get to enjoy $3 off your dinner tonight!

Just mention this post and enjoy!, Just went back up on the roof again! 
It looks like the snow has slowed down… about .5 inches more.  We said for every inch that falls, so…lets round up!! Now come in and get $2 OFF your meal tonight!! 

Mention this post and enjoy $2 OFF your dinner!

We will check our ruler again at 8pm, so be sure to check back and see how much MORE snow has fallen!, ATTENTION!!
One inch of snow has fallen on our rooftop! 
Come in now to receive $1 off your meal! 
Just mention this post and enjoy!

We will check our ruler again at 6pm, so be sure to check back and see how much MORE snow has fallen!, We’ve finally found something useful for all this snow! 

We’re standing on the roof of FiRE+iCE to keep track of just how much snow falls on us. For every inch that falls, from now on, our dedicated customers will get a $1 off their meal tonight! What are you waiting for? Brave the storm and warm up with us at FiRE+iCE!

We will begin our calculations at 4pm! Check in at 4pm to see how many inches have fallen and how much money you will be saving on your delicious meal!, Its Pizza Tuesday!! Pick all the toppings and sauces you'd like for your own custom-made grilled pizza!! We are grilling pizzas all day!, Kids Eat FREE Week ends tonight! 
Come in to enjoy one last day of FREE family fun!! All children 12 and under will eat for free all day, limit 2 children per adult. AND we are grilling up brunch until 3pm! See you soon!, Kids Eat FREE Week is continuing through this Sunday!! 
Get the kids out of the house this week and in to FiRE+iCE for some FREE fun!! All children 12 and under will eat for free all week, limit two children per adult., It is Kids Eat Free Week and Pizza Night!! 
Bring the family to enjoy the endless array of pizza topping possibilities while enjoying all your favorites! 
All children 12 and under will eat for free all week! 
(Limit two kids per adult)., Hooray! Its KIDS EAT FREE Week!! 
Bring in the whole gang for great food an fun times. We have something for everyone! Even, the pickiest eaters will find something they love! 
(Limit 2 children per adult)., February vacation is in full swing, now what are you going to do?
Kids Eat FREE Week starts tomorrow!! All children 12 and under will eat for free all week! Get the family out of the house and in to FiRE+iCE! We have something for even the pickiest eaters!

(Limit two children per adult)., null, The grill is sizzling and the band is playing at our Harvard Square Location! 
Join us this afternoon in Cambridge for a Live Jazz & Blues band while you dine! They are playing all the greats all afternoon: Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson, Lionel Richie, the Temptations and more!!

Our Harvard Square restaurant is located at 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA. For questions, please call (617) 547-9007., We are jazzing up brunch tomorrow! Join us at our Harvard Square location for pancakes, omelets, crepes AND a LIVE Jazz & Blues band!!  We will start serving all your favorites at 10am with the sounds of Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson, Lionel Richie, the Temptations and more! 

Our Harvard Square restaurant is located at 50 Church St. Cambridge, MA. For questions, please call (617) 547-9007., Roses are red, Violets are blue. Join us this evening for a special dinner for two!! Happy Valentines Day! 

www.fire-ice.com/valentine13, There is less than 24 hours until our beloved Hallmark Holiday, are you ready? 
Don't let this Valentine's Day pass you by! Come celebrate with great friends and great food! And don't forget about our four-course dinner for two!!
Make your reservations today!! fire-ice.com/valentine13, If you could write the funniest Valentine's Day card, what would it say??, We hope everyone is shoveled out or at least on your way there!! 

We are open until 10pm serving all your favorites!! Kids eat free all night and we will pay your parking!

Kids under 12 will eat for free all day! (Limit two children per adult). For free parking, please park in the 10 St. James Ave. parking garage. (Must show this post and valid parking slip to receive free parking). Any questions please call: (617) 482-3473, Good Morning Everyone!
We are open and the grill is hot!! We are serving all your brunch favorites today! Be sure to bring the kids because they will eat for FREE all day!! We are also doing FREE parking all day!!

Kids under 12 will eat for free all day! (Limit two children per adult). For free parking, please park in the 10 St. James Ave. parking garage. (Must show this post and valid parking slip to receive free parking). Any questions please call: (617) 482-3473, How is Nemo treating everyone? We hope you aren't going stir crazy! 
We know that being cooped up for 48 hours takes its toll. We'd like to help everyone enjoy getting out of the house tomorrow with BRUNCH!! Bring the kids because they will eat for FREE!! And for those who are brave enough to drive, we will pay your parking!! 

Our doors will open at 10am! 

Kids under 12 will eat for free all day! (Limit two children per adult). For validated parking, please park in the 10 St. James Street parking garage. (Must show this post and valid parking slip to receive validated parking). Any questions please call: (617) 482-3473, Hello Fellow Snowbunnies!! 
Due to the current driving conditions, we felt it would be best to keep the safety of our staff and customers in mind, so we will remain closed this evening. 

We will resume normal business hours tomorrow for a delicious brunch!

We hope everyone stays safe and warm!!, It is looking like a fierce winter wonderland out there!! 
Due to current conditions, we will remain closed until further notice. So for now we are are shoveling!! How long did you shovel for this morning?, What's everyone doing?, Hey Everyone! We’re sure that you’re all hunkering down and getting ready for Winter Storm Nemo and so are we! We thought it best for the safety of our employees and all of you who were planning on coming in tonight to listen to the state's request and close for today... it's going to get pretty bad out there. However, we will be opening tomorrow as soon as the state of emergency is lifted... Stay Warm and Stay Safe!, Valentine's Day is quickly approaching!
What are your special plans??, null, In case you missed it, the Groundhog DID NOT see his shadow!! See if you've won! 

https://www.facebook.com/fireandiceboston/notes, The winners have been drawn for this year's Groundhog Contest!!

Thank you to everyone who participated!

https://www.facebook.com/notes/fireice-boston/groundhog-day-2013-winners/481525098552029, Groundhog Day 2013 Winners, The Groundhog DID NOT see his shadow!! Early Spring here we come!!

Stay tuned as we tally the results!, Today is the last day...

...To cast your Groundhog vote for a chance to win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link below and check back tomorrow to see if you've won! Good luck!!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Take a stab at what you think this is..., The groundhog is getting camera ready! Have you voted?!

Click the link below to vote "shadow" or "no shadow" for a chance to win a FREE DINNER!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, 500 Free Dinners are on the line and the fate of the next six weeks of weather hangs in the balance! Take a guess at what the Groundhog will predict and get a shot to win one of 500 FREE DiNNERS!!! 

Click the link to cast your vote!!!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Winter or Spring??

Tell us if you think the Groundhog will see his shadow or not!! Cast your vote by clicking the link for a chance to win a FREE DINNER!

http://fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Did you vote yet??? 

Cast your vote today for a chance to win a FREE DINNER!! You decide if the Groundhog will see his shadow or not and tell us what your think!

http://fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Take a stab at what you think this is..., "Are you talking about me??"

Vote now for a chance to win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!! Take a guess if the Groundhog will see his shadow this year!

Click the link to cast your vote!!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, 500 Free Dinners are on the line and the fate of the next six weeks of weather hangs in the balance! Take a guess at what the Groundhog will predict and get a shot to win one of 500 FREE DiNNERS!!! 

Click the link to cast your vote!!!
 
http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Cast your vote now! 
http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Did you know Boston's famous "Citgo" sign in Kenmore Square contains five miles of neon tubing?! 

Do you have any fun facts about our city?, Did you know that there are over 400 varieties of natural cheeses?!, First full work week of the New Year starting out rough? Spice it up with your week with PIZZA NIGHT Tonight!! 

Snap a photo of your pizza creation and share it with us on Instagram!! Remember #fireandicegrill See you tonight! http://instagram.com/fireandicegrill/, Take a break from those stressful winter-session classes and join us at COLLEGE NIGHT Tonight!! As always, just $9.99 with your student ID!, null, HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!! Thank you all for another great year!

We will be ringing in the New Year FiRE+iCE style tomorrow with BRUNCH grilled from 10am to 4pm!!

Happy Celebrating Everyone! We wish you a safe and happy New Year!!, Happy New Years Eve!!

We will not be hosting College Night this evening, but who needs it when we are celebrating the New Year!! 

And don't forget BRUNCH tomorrow!!, null, How are you ringing in the New Year? Join us for great food with great friends for BRUNCH on New Years Day!! We will be grilling all your fresh favorites like pancakes, crepes, omelets, and so much more!, Keep the champagne flowing...right into your Mimosa!
Ring in the New Year surrounded by family, friends and food!! Enjoy brunch FiRE+iCE style New Years Day! The perfect start to your New Year! Join us from 10am to 4pm., What fits perfectly in a stocking? A FiRE+iCE gift card!!
Who are you giving one to?, Hate getting all tied up in ribbons and bows? FiRE+iCE gift cards are super small, so there’s no need to worry about all that wrapping. AND You’ll receive a free WRAPPED t-shirt when you buy $60 worth of gift cards! What are you waiting for? http://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, Pizza for Christmas?? Anything is possible with a FiRE+iCE gift card!! Pick one up tonight while you make all the pizzas you want at PIZZA NIGHT!!, FiRE+iCE is rolling out something new at the grill! Come in every Tuesday Night and try our grilled pizza! Pile on all the toppings you want!! See you tomorrow!, Got gifts? 
Let your friends and loved ones create their very own holiday meal with a FiRE+iCE gift card!! Every $60 gift card receives a FREE FiRE+iCE T-shirt!! 

http://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, Get a mediocre medium pizza for $17.99.... 
OR 
get ALL THE PIZZA YOU CAN EAT for 16.99!!!!
That’s right it’s PIZZA NIGHT!! 
Join us tonight to pile on the toppings!!, Did you know...
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump!

Happy Thursday!!, WTF?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgeLWjNs5jM, What kind of pizza are you going to make tonight??

Build any and every pizza you can think of tonight at PIZZA TUESDAY!! See you there!, How are you spending the holidays this season?? 
Vacations? Home?  With Family? Share with us!!!, If you could have anything this holiday season, what would it be?, null, Do your loved ones love food? We have the perfect present- a FiRE+ICE gift card! It’s the perfect way to show love for yourself too, because you’ll receive a FiRE+ICE t-shirt when you purchase a $60 gift card! 

: http://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, You know what today is right? PIZZA TUESDAY! Come on in and make your own delicious pizza pie on our grill! Build it how you want! Starting at 4 pm! See you there!, null, Your pizza is ready!! It looks and smells delicious! Thank you to Jeremy Kirslis, Nicole Lynn Catania, Jessica Grayun Mura, Gregory Peterson and Lilly Tran Lefebvre for creating such a mouthwatering masterpiece!! Please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com and we will give the top pizza chefs a free meal certificate!!! Time to eat!, We are really excited! Your pizza is cooking on the grill!, All set picking your pizzas ingredients! Getting ready to put it on the grill! Stay tuned for your final product!, Love the sauce choice! Lets give your pizza that extra sizzle! Time to add a little spice! Which one would you choose?

Tiger Spice 
Yucatan Spice
Tograshi Spice
Creole Seasoning
Sicilian Seasoning, This bowl looks fantastic! But it’s not a pizza if there’s not any sauce right? Time to choose one! 

Fajita
Classic Pizza Sauce
Honey Garlic
Mesquite BBQ
Sweet Chili, Now we’re talking! Your bowl is looking great! Lets keep adding the toppings! Time for some meat! Help us choose one:

BACON
Chicken
Shaved Steak
Hamburg
Sausage, Your bowl is filled with the first veggie! But that is not enough! We want this pizza to fill you up! So pick out one more veggie from the list to put on top of your pizza!

Peppers
Onions
Scallions
Mushrooms
Broccoli, Help! We want to make a pizza but we can’t decide what to make! We need to start with our first topping! 

Which one would you choose?
	Peppers
	Onions
	Broccoli
	Zucchini
	Tomatoes, Pizza Lovers!! Today is about you!! We are hosting our first ever pizza party! All you Modern #Meatlover voters will indulge in free pizza all night long!! Join us with a photo ID and we have you on our party list! All you other pizza lovers join us tonight and every Tuesday for Pizza Night! The possibilities and pizzas are endless!!, Veterans and active duty soldiers we want to celebrate your bravery, spirit, drive, loyalty, love and devotion! Join us to honor you!! All day TODAY we will be serving you for FREE! 

We will be taking reservations all day! Give us a call at 617-482-3473!!, Thank you to all of our brave heroes who joined us yesterday! We are truly honored to be celebrating you! We would like to extend our celebration through today as well. Please join us again today to help us serve all those who serve for FREE!! 

We will be taking reservations all day! Give us a call at 617-482-3473!!, We want to extend a heartfelt thank you to our veterans for helping to protect us and those that can't protect themselves. Without your dedication and sacrifice, we could not live in the "land of the free"

PS... All Veterans Eat free today. Make sure to make a reservation before coming in, Tell us about your favorite veteran or active duty soldier! In honor of Veterans Day we would like to serve all those who serve for FREE! Share your story today and join us tomorrow to celebrate our brave heros!, We are proud to serve those who serve! To celebrate Veteran’s Day we are giving all vets and active military personnel a FREE MEAL for lunch or dinner on November 11th. Just bring your military ID! Help us honor these brave men & women with great times and great food!!!, null, Attention Modern #MeatLovers!! Everyone who voted for our winning Modern #Meatlover pizza in our election yesterday will eat for FREE at our Pizza Party next Tuesday!! That’s right, the winning pizza gets a party! All you carnivorous voters join us Tuesday November 13th for a celebratory free pizza!, Hello Voters!! So the votes are tallied and Modern #Meatlover is the favored pizza!! Hang out with us on Tuesday nights and try any pizza combination you can think of!, Our polls are closed!! All the pizza votes are in! The election staff is busy eating pizza... We'll announce the winner shortly :), Modern #Meatlovers, Traditional #Veggie, Meet our two candidates and cast your vote! The polls are only open until 8, so make sure to vote now! Traditional #Veggie or Modern #Meatlovers?, #Veggie Pizza or #Meatlovers Pizza ?? Cast your vote!, It’s finally Election Day! After you vote for a president, vote for one of our pizzas! YES, PiZZA!!! FiRE+iCE now allows you to make your own grilled pizza!! To kick off our new Pizza Night, we’re holding our own election! Meet our two candidates, Traditional Veggie Pizza and Modern Meat Lover’s Pizza. Which would your vote for?? #Veggie or #Meatlovers, Have you ever had pizza made on the grill?? Introducing PIZZA NIGHT! Every Tuesday night is Pizza Night at FiRE+iCE! In addition to the delicious combinations you make up on your own, we will be grilling pizzas just for you! You pick the toppings, you pick the sauce and you watch it grilled to perfection right in front of you!!, Veteran’s Day is a time to honor those who served our country. To show our thanks to America’s heroes we will be giving all vets a FREE MEAL on November 11th !! All active and veteran military personnel are invited to join us this Sunday!! Please show a valid military ID, uniform or DD214 form., We are proud to serve those who serve! To celebrate Veteran’s Day we are giving all vets and active military personnel a FREE MEAL for lunch or dinner on November 11th.  Just bring your military ID! Help us honor these brave men & women with great times and great food!!!, Are you hungry?, Just because you stocked up on all of these doesn't mean you have to eat them! Weather the storm and eat all you want for just $9.99 tonight!!, When does a tropical storm become a hurricane??
Be the first 5 to answer correctly and win a FREE DINNER!!, Sandy is turning out to be a real problem…Could we have seen this coming?? lol, Don’t hunker down, stock up, tie down, or board up anything….come in and relax!! Our version of "Hurricane Sandy" is strong and sure to knock to over....with flavor!! Just $5 all week in honor of this lovely weather!, No need for plywood when we are made of 4-foot solid concrete!!! 

Hello storm chasers/lovers/hungry friends!!
Come and hang out with us while Sandy visits! In honor of our stormy guest, we are dishing out warm food all day for just $9.99! If you can brave the weather, we can keep you warm and entertained all day!, Wow we need to play these games more often!! Look at the delicious dish you made!! Thank you to Linrosa Thach, Brie Skinner, Ashley Byron, Ryan Shaffer and Monica Wojnilo for building this sizzling dish and for being the first to post your ingredients!! Please send your full name  and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com and we will send you your FREE DINNER certificate!! Thank you everyone for playing with us!, Let's get saucy!! We have all our ingredients, NOW on to sauce! What would you add to Egg Noodles, Broccoli, Mushrooms and Cajun Chicken? Be the first to add your sauce and win a free dinner!!

Which sauce will you add?
Fajita Sauce
Mango Garlic Mojo Sauce
Szechwan Sauce
Marinara Sauce
Peach Bourbon BBQ, Let's pile it on even more!! We have our core ingredients, but we need more! What would you add to Egg Noodles, Broccoli and Mushrooms? Be the first to add another ingredient and win a free dinner!!

Which of the following will you add?
Andouille Sausage
BACON!!
Cajun Chicken
Calamari
Shaved Sirloin, Let's fill it up more!! We have our base ingredients, but we need more! What would you add to Egg Noodles and Broccoli? Be the first to add another ingredient and win a free dinner!!

Which of the following will you add?
Mushrooms
Bamboo Shoots
Onions
Black Beans
Kidney Beans
Summer Squash, Boston:

Let's fill it up!! We have our first ingredient! What would you add to Egg Noodles? Be the first to add another ingredient and win a free dinner!!

Which of the following will you add?
Peppers
Broccoli
Scallions
Jalapenos
Bok Choy, Its time to play a game!! 
Help us fill your bowl! Be the first person to fill your bowl with ingredients and win a free dinner! 

Tell us: What would you add??

Starch: 
Potatoes
Egg Noodles
Rice Noodles
Penne Pasta
Fried Rice, null, Did you know that Strawberry Shortcake can help fight Breast Cancer??

All month long, all the proceeds from our delicious pink dessert will be donated to the Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation!!, Who are you walking for this weekend in the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure®?? Share your story with us!!, Ready, Set, Go Pink! Come in and buy one of our FiRE+iCE breast cancer awareness t-shirts all proceeds go to the Susan G Komen fight for the cure! Get your pink on!, Ficers! We need your support in helping find the cure against breast cancer! Come to the Susan G Komen walk on Oct 20th! Every step matters! Lets fight this!, Pretty in Pink? How about gorgeous! Come in to FiRE+iCE and outfit yourself in one of our pink T-shirts as we raise money for the Susan G. Komen race for a cure!, Help FiRE+iCE find the cure for breast cancer! All month long, we will be selling pink ribbon T-shirts and strawberry shortcake to raise money for the Susan G Komen race for the cure! Together we can beat breast cancer!, Help Us Join the Fight Against Breast Cancer!, null, October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, so join us as we join the fight! We’ve got new t-shirts and delicious Strawberry Shortcake on sale to show our support, with all proceeds going to the Susan G. Komen Foundation. Rock the FiRE+iCE logo while supporting a cause with pink shirts for the ladies and gray shirts for men! And think pink next time you come in with our delicious dessert., null, Hey Boston Area Students!! Thanks to those of you who visited us at Colleges of the Fenway Block Party!! For those of you who missed us don’t worry!! Come join us tonight for College Night!! Just $9.99 with a College I.D.!!! Bring your friends and roomies for all-you-can-eat fun tonight! What will you make??, "Let the t-shirts FLYYY" Thank you to all who came and played with us! Don't forget to tag to win! Tag yourself in our photos for a chance to win a free meal!! AND remember to visit us for more college fun every Monday Night!, Hey Colleges of the Fenway we are getting ready to come hang out with you! Visit our table at the Block Party from 6-8 for awesome games and giveaways!!!!, Hello Colleges of the Fenway Neighbors!! FiRE+iCE Boston will be partying with you at tomorrow's Block Party! Visit our table for fun games and free giveaways!! We look forward to hanging out with everyone!, In the mood to spice the flavor up with something new?? How about our new Cajun Steak recipe! All you need: Cajun steak + celery + onions + beans + Fajita Sauce = super easy and super tasty!!   What do you think?, What's on your summer bucket list?, Its giveaway time!! 
To kick off our new Summer Bucket List promotion, we want to know what’s on your list! Be one of the first 10 people to share your summer bucket list with us and win a free dinner for 4 tonight!! That’s right, you and three friends for free!! This offer is for tonight only! (No rain checks)., Did you know?
Ancient Greeks awarded celery to winners of sporting events. I wonder if the Olympic Athletes would like some celery! What do you think? Veggies for the win?, As a kid, what veggie did you hate the most?, Who else is suffering from a case of the Mondays??

Lets start this week off right, with free dinner giveaways!!
You guys know the drill…first 25 to answer correctly gets a free meal at FiRE+iCE!

So riddle me this:
What has a mouth but never chews, has a bed but doesn’t snooze, often murmurs, but never talks, and always runs but never walks?, Did anyone actually think that we are going to live twice?, Throwback Trivia!

In the Nicktoon Rocko's Modern Life, what animal is Rocko depicted to be? 

What was your favorite 90's show?!, Why add broccoli to your bowl?

Did you know that eating broccoli can actually improve your mood? It has also been proven to fight cancer cells and is high in fiber. Plus, it tastes great with Alfredo sauce! What else would you add??, The first 25 people to comment below about WHY THEY LOVE FiRE+iCE win a FREE Dinner. On your mark... get set... GO!, Why to add mushrooms to your bowl!

Because, the vitamin content of a mushroom is actually similar to the vitamin content found in meat! That seems crazy right? Especially when mushrooms are composed of 90% water!!! 

What else would you add??, null, Lets play a game!! 
To get into the holiday spirit the first 20 people to get the answer right win a FREE DINNER!! Yup free food! Now who doesn’t love that on a holiday!?

So riddle me this….
Arnold Schwarzenegger has a big one,
Michael J. Fox has a small one,
Madonna doesn't have one,
The pope has one, but he never uses it,
Bill Clinton has one and he uses it all the time!
What is it?...

Let the guessing game begin!!, When I was a kid I...

(finish the sentence!), Anyone ever try a Jalapeño Margarita?, null, Wow! Go Disney! http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/06/opinion/walt-disney-takes-on-obesity.html?_r=1&ref=todayspaper, Has anyone ever made the Tex-Mex Fajitas?, null, Hottest spot in town! Check it out! 

http://youtu.be/lYtvjfy3UhA, null, Recipe of the week.. Has anyone tried making this delicious combo yet?, Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there!, This combo looks delicious! Congratulations to @Danielle Brennan, @Jake Zhu, @Alicia E, and @Anna Gikow! ...You were the first to choose the ingredients, so a free dinner is yours! Please send an email with your mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com!, What sauce would you add??
-Fajita 
-Greenbergs Teriyaki
-Sweet Chili
-Zesty pommodoro 
-Pineapple curry
-Honey mustard
-Caribbean jerk, What else would you add?
-Sirloin Steak 
-Chicken
-Mussels
-Sausage
-Chipotle Sirloin
-Cajun Chicken, What else would you add?
-Broccoli
-Carrots
-Onions
-Scallions
-Mushrooms
-Peppers
-Corn
-Tofu
-Black beans, What would you add?
-Udon noodles
-Egg noodles
-Potato
-Bowtie pasta
-Rice noodles
-Penne pasta, Trivia Time!!! There are ten human body parts that are three letters long. Name all ten., This combo looks delicious! Congratulations to @Rebecca Taylor, @Tania Taylor, @Michelle Philbrook Rooney and @Jimmy Silva...You were the first to choose the ingredients, so a free dinner is yours! Please send an email with your mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com!, What sauce would you add??
-Fajita 
-Greenbergs Teriyaki
-Sweet Chili
-Zesty pommodoro 
-Pineapple curry
-Honey mustard
-Caribbean jerk, What else would you add?
-Sirloin Steak 
-Chicken
-Mussels
-Sausage
-Chipotle Sirloin
-Cajun Chicken, What else would you add?
-Broccoli
-Carrots
-Onions
-Scallions
-Mushrooms
-Peppers
-Corn
-Tofu
-Black beans, What would you add?
-Udon noodles
-Egg noodles
-Potato
-Bowtie pasta
-Rice noodles
-Penne pasta, How big do you think our grill is?, This combo looks delicious! Congratulations to @Emily Huizenga, @Stephanie deckard, @Gudny Indiana Gudmundsdottir and @Tania Taylor  ...You were the first to choose the ingredients, so a free dinner is yours! Please send an email with your mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com!, What sauce would you add??
-Fajita 
-Greenbergs Teriyaki
-Sweet Chili
-Zesty pommodoro 
-Pineapple curry, What else would you add?
-Sirloin Steak 
-Chicken
-Mussels
-Sausage
-Chipotle Sirloin
-Cajun Chicken, What else would you add?
-Broccoli
-Carrots
-Onions
-Scallions
-Mushrooms
-Peppers
-Corn, What would you add?
-Udon noodles
-Egg noodles
-Potato
-Bowtie pasta
-Rice noodles
-Penne pasta, A delicious vegan friendly dish from our market.., Now Serving Sam Adam's 26.2 brew! Anyone try it yet?, Happy Marathon Monday! F+i will be featuring Sam Adam's 26.2 Marathon Beer! So after the finish line, come in and get started on 26.2 lager., This combo looks delicious! Congratulations to @Jillian Reid, @Lis Hulin, @Jon Deery...You were the first to choose the ingredients, so a free dinner is yours! Please send an email with your mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com!, What sauce would you add??
-Fajita 
-Greenbergs Teriyaki
-Sweet Chili
-Zesty pommodoro 
-Pineapple curry, What else would you add?
-Sirloin Steak 
-Chicken
-Mussels
-Sausage
-Chipotle Sirloin
-Cajun Chicken, What else would you add?
-Broccoli
-Carrots
-Onions
-Scallions
-Mushrooms
-Peppers
-Corn, What would you add?
-Penne pasta
-Egg noodles
-Potato
-Bowtie pasta
-Rice noodles, What are we pouring on our ice cream sundae -  Chocolate sprinkles or jimmies?, Check out a delicious Beef Stroganoff recipe with Steak, Bowtie Pasta, Peppers, Scallions, Onions, Mushrooms, Peppercorn Brandy Sauce w/ a touch of Alfredo, null, We're giving a free ice cream to all Penny Arcade and Anime Boston participants. Just bring in your pass or come in dressed up., Anime Boston & Penny Arcade are invading Boston this weekend! Is anyone going?, null, null, null, null, FiRE+iCE Boston is looking for fun, energetic and personable servers to join the Boston team. Must have 2+ years of experience and be ready for a Fun+Delicious job! Come on down and fill out your application., Our blog has been updated with awesome new content. Do you like skiing? Then you'll definitely like this... http://www.fire-ice.com/blog/, null, null, Thank you to everyone who came out and joined us for our Eat Free Day! We had a blast hanging out with all of you :), Okay the word it out.. FiRE+iCE is serving all reward club members for Free today. Enjoy!, UFC beast Mark Munoz was at our Anaheim location last night. Check out what he fired up on the grill. Sounds delicious!!, Hi everyone just a reminder that the FREE day is only for our Rewards Club members so make sure you sign up so that you can take part! You don't want to miss this!
http://www.fire-ice.com/reward-club-signup/, null, FiRE+iCE is feeding all reward club members for FREE on one secret day this month! We'll be sending out the first hint to when that day will be at 4pm today!!, Couldn't celebrate Valentine's Day with your sweetheart? Get yourself out of the dog house by bringing them to FiRE+iCE for a Valentine's Day dinner special available till Friday., null, What to say to your girl if you forgot to make a reservation at her favorite restaurant (FiRE+iCE): Baby, Valentines Day is too mainstream. I'm giving you your own holiday on the 15th. - Make your reservation now for tomorrow night!, Tired of long lines and crowded restaurants? FiRE + iCE is offering a 4 day valentines extravaganza. Bring your Valentine in for our special..., null, FiRE+iCE fed it's fans and advocates for $5.00!  , Thank you to everyone who came in yesterday for our $5.00 Day. It was quite the party!  We're also having a Secret EAT FOR FREE day this month. This day will only be available to reward club members only.. Join our Reward club for hints to when that day will be! 

http://www.fire-ice.com/loyalty-club-signup/ , Tease your brain with our $5 Mystery Day Special... Follow the hints below and be lead to an endless choice of entrees!, Eat for $5.00 all day! 
When you ask? One secret day this month! 
Why you ask? Because we appreciate our fans and faithful customers!! 
When you ask? It's a secret! Buuuut, check out all the hints we posted on our wall yesterday! 

Share this with your friends and all of you will be able to have a Fun+delicious meal for $5.00 at FiRE+iCE Boston!, Thought this was a February Appropriate song.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltIhcbwYUHc, We're feeding everyone for $5.00 on one secret day this month! Check out all the hints we posted on our wall earlier today for clues when that day might be.

Share this and all your friends can eat for $5.00!, We're feeding everyone for $5.00 on one secret day this month! We’ve already given two other hints so far.. 
Hint 3 : The Supremes released this February appropriate song on this day.

Share this post with your friends and they’ll eat for $5.00 too., We’re feeding everyone for $5.00 on one secret day this month and also featuring a Calendar full of events and promotions - Check it out : www.fire-ice.com/february2012/ 

So now here’s Hint #2 for the $5.00 Day..   42 50 N, 12 50 E   

Share this with your friends and all of you can eat for $5.00. More hints coming soon. , We're feeding everyone for $5.00 one secret day this month! We'll be giving 3 hints to what day that is before 5:00 PM Today. 
Hint 1: It'll be before Valentine's day!, We're feeding everyone for $5.00 all day long!!!! When you ask? Hints coming soon! Why you ask? Cause we appreciate our fans and faithful customers, null, We've waited 4 years for the unparallelled rematch of the giants and patriots. Now in 4 and a half hours the first kick will fly and the battle of wits and flat out  aggression will consume indianapolis. Tom vs. Eli. Belichick vs. Coughlin.

Two major football powerhouses competing for a piece of football royalty. When the dust clears who will be standing victorious on the field of battle? Who will call themselves world champions?, Hello fellow Groundhog Fanatics!! Today is the day we have been waiting for! Punxsutawney Phil has emerged from his burrow and proclaimed that there will be 6 more weeks of winter! 
That's right, the Groundhog saw his shadow! Congratulations to the first 500 pessimistic voters who predicted that the Groundhog would see his shadow, declaring you a FREE-Dinner-Winner! To see if you won our contest, please visit http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog-day-winners/, Hello Facebook-nation!! FiRE+iCE will be announcing the winners of our 2012 Groundhog Day Contest at 11:30am! Ps. There's a little something-something for EVERYONE who participated.  Stay tuned.., HAPPY NATiONAL CHOCOLATE CAKE DAY FiCERS! Send us your favorite recipes for this guilty pleasure :), Don't forget to make your reservation for Valentine's day.. We're booking up fast!, An epic chance to win 1 of 500 Free dinners..

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBk23kDUxXc, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBk23kDUxXc, 500 Free Dinner are on the line in a contest of epic proportions.. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBk23kDUxXc, We're giving away 500 Free dinners!... Details coming tomorrow, Craziest New Year's story wins a FREE DINNER for 4!!! Please bleep out the profanity and keep em' honest., Who had the craziest New Year's Eve?, null, December 16, 2011, null, null, What do you want for Christmas?, W.T.F?! , F+i Gift cards can be purchased here ----> http://fire-ice.com/giftcards, What's your favorite seasonal beer?, null, Tell us about your favorite veteran . . ., null, In honor of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, FiRE+iCE Restaurants are joining the cause to raise money for Breast Cancer research. Throughout the month of October we will be donating 100% the proceeds from our Strawberry Shortcake dessert to the National Breast Cancer Foundation ., Test your wits! Every Wednesday from 6 to 8 p.m. FiRE+iCE will be hosting Team Trivia. Come in during Trivia night and get all of our mouthwatering appetizers for only $2.99!, null, What's your favorite FiRE+iCE recipe?, What's your favorite FiRE+iCE recipe?, FiRE+iCE Boston will be giving away 300 FREE meals today at New England Aquarium's college night. College Students receive free admission with a valid college ID from 5:30-9:30 tonight. Come by the NEAQ to check out Penguins, Sharks and Myrtle the Turtle - don't forget to stop by our table for a chance to win a FREE dinner!, In honor of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, FiRE+iCE Restaurants are joining the cause to raise money for Breast Cancer research. Throughout the month of October we will be donating 100% the proceeds from our Strawberry Shortcake dessert to the National Breast Cancer Foundation, null, null, null, Our kids eat free week ends tonight! All kids 10 and under eat free!!  

Welcome back college students! We know you're all moving in this weekend and the last thing on your mind is dinner plans.. Grab some friends and come in tonight for a delicious meal with COLLEGE NIGHT pricing!! All college students eat for $9.95 with a valid college ID., null, This week at at FiRE+iC up to 2 Kids Eat Free with the purchase of an adult entree.  This offer is valid for kids 10 & under and cannot be combined with any other offer. C'mon in and give them one last taste of summer that they'll never forget!!, null, FiRE+iCE is proud to announce the Grand Opening of our newest location in Panama City, Panama., FiRE+iCE Boston's new Happy Hour Program, Welcome back college students!! Stop by FiRE+iCE Tonight for our legendary college night where everyone with a college ID eats for $9.99!, Kids Eat Free Week!!!
August 22-28, kids 10 and under eat FREE.
Take the whole clan down to FiRE+iCE where everyone gets what they want., null, Kids Eat Free Week!!!
Take the whole clan down to FiRE+iCE where everyone gets what they want. August 22-28, kids 10 and under eat FREE., What's your favorite sauce at FiRE+iCE? , null, Hump Day Blues? Try a supercharge shot in a cocktail., null, Its Friday night!! Before you head out tonight check out our newest blog post, all about cocktails and how to enjoy yourself. http://bit.ly/oGfPyK, Do you remember your first time...at FiRE+iCE? Check out our new blog for a new twist on the situation! http://bit.ly/prgbeX, The JAM'N 945 Ramiro and Pebbles morning show stopped in for brunch this past sunday. I wonder what Pebbles put in her bowl.., null, True or False - Cucumbers are 96% water., Want a drink that's refreshing and delicious? Try a Lemon Blueberry Margarita: A FiRE+iCE signature cocktail with our homemade infused lemon blueberry tequila., What is the number one thing on your Dorm Wishlist?, Dorm Shopping? Remember: The more underwear you have, the less you have to do laundry., Are you sick of bake sales, raffles, and car washes? Check out our blog for fresh ideas on how to raise money for your organization! http://bit.ly/r71osG, null, null, Happy Un-Birthday! Check out the new blog post and get ideas for how to celebrate your ACTUAL birthday., Happy 4th of July Facebookers!!, Happy 4th of July everyone! Enjoy the festivities with your family and friends!, Like this if you're already looking forward to the long weekend!, null, Hope everyone is enjoying the first day of summer! Come get a delicious meal on this fine day!, Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there! , null, Why stay in on a beautiful day like this? Beach anyone? I know I'll be there! , null, Birthdays only come once a year. Make them memorable with a birthday dinner in Boston. Let us know if it's a surprise;  we can keep a secret! :), Happy Memorial Day everyone! The sun is shining and the grill is on! While enjoying the weather, take a walk in downtown Boston and stop by FiRE+iCE for a delicious meal!, null, null, null, What is your favorite memory at FiRE + iCE?, Happy Easter Everyone! One hour left for the Easter Brunch!, null, null, Come celebrate Easter at FiRE+iCE! Serving Bunch from 10am-3pm, null, Did you know that before Fenway, the Red Sox played at Huntington Avenue Baseball Grounds?, Hey Boston! Looking for a place to watch tonight’s Boston Red Sox Game? Join us at our bar and try some of our new appetizers!, Our friend Gnyus does it again with an amazing remix of Ke$ha's song Tik Tok. We met Gnyus last year when our restaurant inspired one of his creations. Check out this future superstar and subscribe to his youtube channel. 


, null, null, null, T.G.I.F. Everyone! Doesn't this weather get you excited for Summer? I know it does for us! What better way to end spring break and get excited for Summer than to get some food and drinks at FiRE+iCE? , Hope you are all enjoying spring break! Are your friends home from school? Bring them over to FiRE+iCE for dinner to catch up!, null, FiRE+iCE Boston is seeking experienced, energetic wait staff to join our team.  2 yrs minimum experience in full service restaurant required. Daytime availability is a must. Please apply in person at 205 Berkeley St., Boston MA., null, Don't forget that today is "Blue Discoveries Family Day" at the New England Aquarium! Spend the last day of your kids vacation with them there!, Why not have Friday Family Day? Go to the New England Aquarium for "Aqua Kids Family Day" today! While you're around stop by FiRE+iCE to enjoy some dinner with the family., Still looking for something to do? Go to the New England Aquarium for "Aqua Kids Family Day" today! While you're around, stop by FiRE+iCE to enjoy some dinner with the family., Saturday is "Blue Discoveries Family Day" at New England Aquarium! Take a daycation with your kids there! Stop by FIRE+ICE for a lovely dinner while you're around., If you can't make it to the New England Aquarium on Friday for "Aqua Kids Family Day" , make Saturday your daycation and go to the aquarium for "Blue Discoveries Family Day"!, Are you going to be in Boston this weekend? Take another daycation this Friday and take your kids to the New England Aquarium for "Aqua Kids Family Day" ! While you're around, stop by FiRE+iCE to enjoy some dinner with the family., Need something to do this weekend? Take another daycation in Boston this Friday and take your kids to the New England Aquarium for "Aqua Kids Family Day" !, Hip Hip Hooray for school vacation! Nothing to do? Take a daycation with your kids into Boston and stop by FiRE+iCE for an unforgetable experience!, Happy Presidents Day everyone! How well do you know your history? Take the time today to read up on some of your favortie presidents!, Love is still in the air... didn't get to (or maybe forgot to) take your special someone out yesterday?
No worries, make tonight your own private Valentines Day at FiRE + iCE. Call 617-482-3473 to make a re, Love is still in the air... didn't get to (or maybe forgot to) take your special someone out yesterday?
No worries, make tonight your own private Valentines Day at FiRE + iCE. Call 617-480-3473 to make a reservation!, You can dazzle her with your awesome ukulele skills this Valentine's Day... again! Or give her what she really wants - Dinner for 2 at FiRE+iCE., Get some on Valentines day... FiRE+iCE that is! 

Check out our 3 day Vday special
, ATTENTION Free Meal Winners!! 
Punxsutawney Phil had a tough time getting all the snow.. sleet.. frozen rain out of his burrow after this morning’s forecast. He advised us (and we listened to the all-powerful foreteller) to extend our FREE meal offer till tomorrow. Soooo, if you’re in the mood to stay snowed in today, then please visit us tomorrow at our Boston location to redeem your FREE meal offer, Punxsutawney Phil, the famous weather-predicting groundhog emerged from his winter sleep and saw NO SHADOW this morning - calling for an EARLY SPING! Congratulations to the foreseers who predicted that Phil would not see his Shadow this Groundhog’s Day! The names of the FREE DiNNER WiNNERS can be found on the “notes” tab on our facebook page., 2011 Groundhog's Day Contest Winners, Thank you for the forecasts! Punxsutawney Phil will make his 125th annual "prognostication" at 7:25am-LIVE, from Gobbler's Nob! The FREE dinner winners will be announced shortly after the forecaster's prediction. Check out the live stream from Punxsutawney PA! , FiRE+iCE Groundhog's Day Contest.., is giving away up to 500 FREE meals on Groundhogs Day! All you have to do is prognosticate(that’s fancy-talk for telling the future) Punxsutawney Phil's forecast and post it on our facebook wall. The contest ends at 11:59 tonight! The First 500 entries qualify and those that guess right get a free meal on Groundhog’s Day(tomorrow)!, is giving away up to 500 FREE Meals! All you have to do is predict Punxsutawney Phil's forecast before Groundhog’s day! Contest runs from now till 12am February 2nd.Your prediction must begin with the words, “ I predict that Phil will..” - you fill in the rest. The first 500 entries qualify. Those that guess right get a free meal on Groundhog’s Day!, null, is giving away up to 500 FREE Meals! All you have to do is predict Punxsutawney Phil's forecast before Groundhog’s day! Contest runs from 12am February 1st, till 12am February 2nd. Your prediction must begin with the words, “ I predict that Phil will..” - you fill in the rest. The first 500 entries qualify. Those that guess right get a free meal on Groundhog’s Day!, null, null, What's your favorite FiRE+iCE recipe? 
, Remember last year when you waited until Christmas Eve to do your shopping? That didn't work out too well, DID IT?! 

Although your family didn't mind getting left over Halloween candy, the love-of-your life probably didn't appreciate getting ANOTHER Pocket Fisher Pal... even if it did come with a Free bamboo steamer.. Ugggggh. Yes, you promised yourself to NEVER let that happen again. 

Let FiRE+iCE Help you out! 
, null, Salsa Matei and Boston Salsero are pleased to bring you this year's Salsa & Latin New Year's Eve Celebration at Enigma Club, an evening of live music, dancing, champagne, and great fun with 250+ other dancers and party-goers at FiRE+iCE in Cambridge! , Buy a $50 gift card, get a $10 certificate FREE..
Buy a $100 gift card, get a $25 certificate FREE!!, null, Buy a $50 gift card, get a $10 certificate FREE..
Buy a $100 gift card, get a $25 certificate FREE!!, WOW! They keep getting better and better! We’re proud to announce the winner of the second round of our ‘Create-an-ad’ contest. The lucky entry was “The Perfect Match” submitted by GritaFilms. You have to check out this masterpiece:, null, Increased orders have caused Santa to hire Ernie and his faithful dog Bo to help deliver hoards of FiRE+iCE gift cards to all the people on the "good list"

Instead of waiting until Christmas Eve for Ernie and his mutt, you could plan ahead and get your gift cards NOW! 

BUY a $50 gift card, get a $10 certificate free! BUY a $100 gift card, get a $25 certificate free!, null, null, FiRE+iCE want to honor our veterans by having our 2nd Annual Veterans Day Celebration! Please help us “SHARE” the word! Veterans eat free on Veterans Day 11/11! http://alturl.com/4b5fi, Costume Contest! Post a photo of your Halloween costume on our wall for a chance to win FREE dinner for two and a FiRE+iCE T-Shirt., Costume Contest! Post a photo of your Halloween costume on our wall for a chance to win FREE dinner for two and a FiRE+iCE T-Shirt., Wanna make $500?!?! Or how about FREE FiRE+iCE for a year? We already paid out $1000 and are looking to giveaway more! Check out www.fire-ice.com/create-an-ad for more details!, Where are you having your Holiday party this year?, The Photos from the NEAQ college night are up! Tag yourself for a chance to win 1 of 25 FREE Dinners!!, Stop by our booth at the New England Aquarium tonight! We'll be giving away over 100 FREE Dinners. 
Ps.. All college students get in FREE tonight at the NEAQ., FiRE+iCE will be giving away 100 FREE Dinners at the New England Aquarium this Wednesday at their Open House. All College Students get in FREE!! See you there!, WE HAVE A WINNER!The cage match between our panel of judges has ended with the successful selection of a winner!  (Although we need to send flowers to our Intern Eddie once he regains consciousness in the hospital.)
And the winner is ... "Feed Your Wild Beasts", null, null, Our judges have fought, torn garments, gnashed teeth, blackened eyes and, pretty much, trashed the office … all in an effort to pare down the list of video submissions down to two, count ‘em, TWO finalists. We were successful (but the office cleaning staff is none too happy.)
The two finalists are; (drumrolllllll pleeeeease)

"Feed Your Wild Beasts" and "A Grill and a Bah", Check out the latest entry for the FiRE+iCE Create-an-ad contest!, null, Check out the latest entry for the FiRE+iCE Create-an-ad contest! The contest ends 9/23! Are you planning on competing for $1000 or FREE FiRE+iCE for a year? If so.. grab your cameras and start filming today!, FiRE+iCE Providence At last is back to school and time to hit the books! Do you read like this? http://fire-ice.com/blog/, null, null, Possibly win $1000 for just creating a quick ad for F+i. Check out www.fire-ice.com/create-an-ad, They're brothers...they're happy...and they're singing...and they're comming to Boston? http://bit.ly/c87B2H, null, College night tonight $9.95 with your college ID!!!!!!!!!!!!! come join the party!!!!, null, Do you want $1000 or the chance to win FREE Dinner for you and friend for a year?.. Of course you do. Create a short video to tell the world what you think of FIRE+iCE! These people did.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_UfFmlEOZE  and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nOyvq6fLbwn . Check out all the details at www.fire-ice.com/create-an-ad, null, Check out this Sick R&B beat created by a young 18 year old inspiring producer out of NY. He Created the beat(properly titled Fire and ice) after dining at our West Nyack Restaurant. Check it out.., Check out out latest entry for the Create-an-Ad contest! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_UfFmlEOZE, Check out our 1st customer submission for our Create-an-Ad contest! Do you have what it takes to film a better ad?, The First ad for our Create-an-Ad Contest has been submitted! It's hilarious! Do you have what it takes to film a better one? Click on the Create-an-Ad tab above to get started! In the meantime, check it out... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nOyvq6fLbw, What Does the Twilight Saga: Eclipse and FiRE + iCE Have in Common?
First 5 to answer correctly win a Free dinner at FiRE+iCE!, few simple questions..
1) Can you create a youtube ad? 
2) Do you want your ad shown from coast to coast?
3) Do you love FiRE+iCE?
4) Do you want FREE Dinner for an entire year for not only you, but any of your friends? 

 Answer yes to any of these?..Enter the FiRE+iCE Create-an-Ad contest! Find all the details at : http://www.fire-ice.com/create-an-ad, few simple questions..
1) Can you create a youtube ad? 
2) Do you wanna be famous?
3) Do you want your ad shown from coast to coast?
4) Do you love FiRE+iCE?
5) Do you want FREE Dinner for an entire year for not only for you, but any of your friends?

Answer yes to any of these?.. Enter the FiRE+iCE Create-an-Ad contest! Find all the details at : http://www.fire-ice.com/create-an-ad, null, Do you wanna win FREE dinner for you and a friend FOR-A-YEAR?!

It's SOOO Easy... Check out: http://www.fire-ice.com/create-an-ad, Do you wanna win FREE dinner for you and a friend FOR-A-YEAR?! 

That's...
- 365 FREE Dates!
- over $6000 worth of delectable dining!
- the chance to treat every single one of your friends on their Birthday!, WANNA BE FAMOUS? Check out FiRE + iCE's 'Create-An-Ad' contest. Create your own original video to win free food for a year with a guest! For more details visit http://tinyurl.com/27l9mb4, The World Cup @ FiRE+iCE, null, College night tonight $9.95 with your college ID!!!!!!!!!!!!! come join the party!!!!, null, College night tonight $9.95 with your college ID!!!!!!!!!!!!! come join the party!!!!, Free Dinner GiveAway Question:

**Which of these would you create at FiRE+iCE?**, We are so proud of our sports teams, that we are dedicating a night to all Boston sports fans. Tonight only! Come to FiRE+iCE and feast for $9.95 - all night!  Just mention this post to your server and bring your appetite. 

GO Celtics!!!, We are so proud of our sports teams, that we are dedicating a night to all Boston sports fans. Tonight only! Come to FiRE+iCE and feast for $9.95 - all night!  Just mention this post to your server and bring your appetite. 

GO Celtics!!!, Free Dinner GiveAway Question:


**Which of the dishes below would you create at FiRE+iCE?**


To enter to win, simply answer the question. Two entrants will be randomly chosen to win a FREE DINNER at F+i., null, http://fire-ice.com/blog/2010/05/meals-for-two-under-50-how-awesome/, http://www.fire-ice.com, FiRE+iCE does Sunday Brunch like no other! Call now to book your Mothers Day  reservation:  617-482-3473, null, http://www.fire-ice.com, Eat Till You Drop! 
http://fire-ice.com/blog/, null, Do you want a free dinner on your birthday?, college night pics are up!!!!!, http://www.fire-ice.com, College night pics are up!!!!!!!!!!!!, http://www.fire-ice.com, Opening day: Red Sox vs New York Yankees Check out our take on it.. www.fire-ice.com/blog, A Bachelor Party to Remember at FiRE + iCE Boston
http://fire-ice.com/blog/2010/03/a-night-to-only-remember-at-fire-ice/, College Night Pics Are Up!!!!!!, http://www.fire-ice.com, COLLEGE NIGHT PICS ARE UP!!!!..., http://www.fire-ice.com, Vegetarians and Vegans, Have No Fear... Check out our newest Blog Post www.fire-ice.com/blog, Fab50 Small Biz Sales Inspiration Tour stop #6 BOSTON @FiREiCEBoston Tomorrow at 11:30AM. Attend stop #6 of a national tour to offer sales ideas, resources, and inspiration to small biz owners, entrepreneurs, and possibly get some video shot about you and your innovative business. Check out.... twitter.com/scoremoresales for more info, Dear Fire+ Ice, meet my New Year’s resolution. I look forward to you two getting along... Check out our newest Blog Post www.fire-ice.com/blog, COLLEGE NIGHT PICS ARE UP!!!!..., http://www.fire-ice.com, College NIGHT TONIGHT!!!!! $9.95 w/ a college ID, pics are up from tonight...TAG IT UP!!!!!, http://www.fire-ice.com, College NIGHT TONIGHT!!!!! $9.95 w/ a college ID, Facebook Pics Are Up From Tonight ...LET THE TAGGING BEGIN!!!!, College NIGHT TONIGHT!!!!! $9.95 w/ a college ID, Have you ever used foursquare.com?, http://www.fire-ice.com, College NIGHT!!!! $9.95 w/ a college ID, A Fire+iCE Snow Storm Gift Tonight ONLY! Take a Friend Out to Dinner on us. Buy your Dinner get your friend's Dinner FREE!!, A Fire+iCE Snow Storm Gift Tonight ONLY! Take a Friend Out to Dinner on us. Buy your Dinner get your friend's Dinner FREE!!, A Fire+iCE Snow Storm Gift Tonight ONLY!
Take a Friend Out to Dinner on us.
Buy your Dinner get your friend's Dinner FREE!!, You've got the chocolates and the flowers arranged for the after party for two, but where to dine? It's not too late to make reservations at FiRE+iCE Boston just call 617-482-FIRE (3473) for more information., null, "Food is our common ground. A universal experience." James Beard, We know you love us...now let the rest of the town know! Keep on voting Boston by clicking on the link below to nominate FiRe + iCE for the Best of Boston. On your next visit check out our mind blowing burgers or stop in for brunch on your next Sunday off., Attention all College Students!! Come to FiRE+iCE tonight with a valid college ID and eat for $9.95!! Spread the word! Reservations recommended., null, FiRE+iCE... The PERFECT gift for the picky eater on your list.. Buy a $50 gift card and receive a $10 Certificate FREE! Buy a $100 gift card and receive a $25 Certificate FREE! Buy them now at www.fire-ice.com, Put the address below into you address bar to buy your gift cards now!
http://fire-ice.com/index.php?src=gendocs&ref=Gift%20Card&category=corporate, Do you want FREE Dinner on your Birthday?, We want to extend a heart felt thank you to our veterans! We invites all members of the military, to join us for a free Dinner (with the purchase of a full priced entree, 1 Free meal per Entree. Offer Only Valid 11/11/09)! Come to FiRE+iCE in uniform or with a military ID tomorrow to take advantage of this offer! If you know anyone who would appreciate this offer, please pass this information along to them., We want to extend a heart felt thank you to our veterans! We invites all members of the military, to join us for a free Dinner (with the purchase of a full priced entree, 1 Free meal per Entree. Offer Only Valid 11/11/09)! Come to FiRE+iCE in uniform or with a military ID on November 11th to take advantage of this offer! If you know anyone who would appreciate this offer, please pass this information along to them., What do you want for the Holidays?, Did you get your picture taken by FiRE+iCE at the New England Aquarium? If so, Tag your picture for a Chance to win 1 of 25 FREE Dinners!, The New England Aquarium hosted a College open house and FiRE+iCE was there to give away 100 free dinners. If you were there, Tag yourself in one of these pictures to possibly win 1 of 25 Free Dinner., is now serving 21oz Rolling Rock Drafts for $2.50 all day, every day!!, Tonight is College Night!!! All-you-can-eat $9.95 Take a picture at FiRE+iCE and post it on the wall for a chance to win a free meal!, September 13th is National Grandparent Day! September 13, 2009, Grandparents Day will reach its 30th anniversary. Like Mother's Day and Father's Day, it's a time for family celebration, and a chance to honor the important role grandparents play in children's lives. Come celebrate this day at FiRE+iCE with our Amazing Brunch!, Kids Eat FREE Weekend! 8/21,8/22 and 8/23..Free kids entree with the purchase of an adult entree. One child per adult. All other children eat for $5.95. Offer valid for children 12 and under.  PRINT THIS PAGE TO GET THE DISCOUNT!, TWO ways to get a FREE MEAL at FiRE+iCE #1) What’s your favorite recipe? Enter the Best Guest Recipe Contest for chances to win FREE DINNER at FIRE+iCE! To enter, simply: 1) Log onto fire-ice.com 2) Click on the Blog 3) Under Categories, click Best Guest Recipe Contest! 4) Post your favorite recipe as a comment #2) Post your FiRE+iCE pictures on our fan photos section! We randomly select 10 winners each month., FiRE+iCE Boston Welcome to the New FiRE+iCE Facebook page! Did you know you can receive free dinner on your Birthday at FiRE+iCE? It's easy! 
1) Go to www.fire-ice.com
2) Go to the Boston Location Page
3) Click on the Meals and Deals Logo
4) Sign Up for the Meals and Deals club
5) Receive monthly incentives in your mailbox along with FREE dinner on your Birthday!
Fire+Ice
Source: www.fire-ice.com, Welcome to the New FiRE+iCE Facebook page! Did you know you can receive free dinner on your Birthday at FiRE+iCE? It's easy! 
1) Go to www.fire-ice.com
2) Go to the Boston Location Page
3) Click on the Meals and Deals Logo
4) Sign Up for the Meals and Deals club
5) Receive monthly incentives in your mailbox along with FREE dinner on your Birthday!, Welcome to the New FiRE+iCE Facebook page! Did you know you can receive free dinner on your Birthday at FiRE+iCE? It's easy! 
1) Go to www.fire-ice.com
2) Go to the Boston Location Page
3) Click on the Meals and Deals Logo
4) Sign Up for the Meals and Deals club
5) Receive monthly incentives in your mailbox along with FREE dinner on your Birthday!)