List(Dear Baheja and Najeeb,

I write to send my sincerest appreciation for the part you and your staff played in helping me pull off a delightful event last night.  But, it was no surprise.  I was confident in your gracious service, delicious food and beautiful space.  I look forward to doing this again in April.

I’ll be in touch the week before with details.

Warmest regards and many thanks.  Dana


Dana Edelman
www.brain.harvard.edu, null, Ariana Restaurant added few new items to both lunch and dinner menu based on the customer’s request.  These items are:

Bowlawni Kaddo which is pastry shells filled with pan-fried baby pumpkin, onions, fresh garlic, cilantro and Afghan seasonings and it is served with mint yogurt

Lamb Lawand  which leg of lamb sautéed with onion, tomatoes, garlic, mushrooms,  fresh cilantro, yogurt and spices served with sautéed  spinach and challow rice

We also added an amazing Pineapple Cake which is moist golden pineapple cake served with homemade ice cream topped with pistachio, cardamom, null, Ariana Restaurant will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day on Regular Schedule for lunch and dinner., Ariana Restaurant will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day on our regular scheduled hours, We are happy to announce that Ariana Restaurant will be serving lunch Monday – Friday from 11:30 am to 2:30 pm.  Hope to see you all., We had an amazing weekend.  We were completely full in the main dining room and the private room.  Most of our customers were walk in without reservation, but we did our best to serve them.  Thank you, The Improper Bostonian Review
http://www.improper.com/going-out/arianas-grand/, Ariana Restaurant, null, null, null, null, http://boston.eater.com/2015/5/28/8672065/ariana-brighton-reopening, Public Parking for Ariana Restaurant Customers., Ariana Restaurant will be reopening in our new location on Saturday 8/29 after six months of construction.  We hope to see everyone soon!, Our construction is nearing completion.  Three months ago we vacated the former location.  Our customers, our staff, and we have been patiently waiting to reopen at our new location (384 Western Avenue, Brighton).  Please check back for our quickly approaching re-opening date. With great enthusiasm we look forward to once again serving our customers., The construction of Ariana Restaurant is taking more time than we expected.  We plan to open as soon as possible.  Hope to see everyone soon., Tonight is our last night at 129 Brighton Avenue location.  We had an amazing 5 years here.  Looking forward in opening our new location at 384 Western Avenue by end of March, Ariana Restaurant will be relocated from 129 Brighton Avenue, Allston to 384 Western Avenue, Brighton.  We will be open at 129 Brighton Avenue location until February 28th.  We plan to open the new location, 384 Western Avenue by mid-March.  We will have our current phone number 617-208-8072 and our e-mail info@arianarestaurantboston.com active during the move for our customers.  Please contact us if you have any questions.  

The object of our move is to be able to provide our customers with a better parking situation as well as a more pleasant dinning environment.  Our new location is currently under construction.  We hope to see you all in our new location by March.

Parking is available around the area as well as free public parking across the street by Charles River., Ariana Restaurant will be open New Years Eve and Day.  Happy New Year to All., Ariana Restaurant will be open on Wednesday December 24th.  We will be closed on Thursday December 25th., null, Dinning Room, Ariana Resturant offers Gift Cards, 129 Brighton Avenue was or former location., Ariana Restaurant is a family owned restaurant.  We believe in serving the best quality food and service., 129 Brighton Avenue was or former location., null)