List(What’s the most important drive of the Big Game?  The drive home.  www.RethinkingDrinking.niaaa.nih.gov. @NIAAANews #SafeFans, New year, new you! Good luck on the resolutions!, December is:     Safe Toys and Gifts Month
    National Influenza Vaccination Week (first full week of December)
    World AIDS Day (1), A few flurries possible east in the AM, then clearing. Still cool. Forecast-> http://bit.ly/7dayWX #ohwx, November is:     National Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month
    American Diabetes Month
    COPD Awareness Month
    Diabetic Eye Disease Month
    National Family Caregivers Month
    National Healthy Skin Month
    National Hospice Palliative Care Month
    Lung Cancer Awareness Month
    Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month
    National Stomach Cancer Awareness Month
    Prematurity Awareness Month
    GERD Awareness Week (Thanksgiving week)
    Great American Smokeout (third Thursday of November)
    World Prematurity Day (17), Did you stop by our booth and take a turn at being a meteorologist or sportscaster?  You can check out your videos here:  http://bit.ly/1Z3FiO9, October is:      National Breast Cancer Awareness
    National Down Syndrome Awareness Month
    Eye Injury Prevention Month
    Health Literacy Month
    Healthy Lung Month
    Home Eye Safety Month
    National Physical Therapy Month
    SIDS Awareness Month
    Spina Bifida Awareness Month (promoted by the Spina Bifida Association)
    Pregnancy and Infant Loss Awareness Month
    Domestic Violence Awareness Month
    Mental Illness Awareness Week (first full week of October)
    Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week (12-20)
    National Health Education Week (third full week of October)
    International Infection Prevention Week (third full week of October)
    Respiratory Care Week (last full week of October)
    Red Ribbon Week (last week of October)
    World Mental Health Day (10)
    Pregnancy and Infant Loss Awareness Day (15), null, Thanks to all who came out to the 2015 Expo! See you next year!, Today's the day!  Come on out and join us for this FREE event!, null, Step into the FNB Money Machine for a chance to win $500!, Cooking Stage, Demo Stage!, More parking info for the Expo this weekend!, 2015 Expo Build Out, The FREE Health & Wellness Expo is only 2 DAYS AWAY!

Last year, over 15,000 people attended and over 8000 free screenings were given. We're hoping to top these numbers this weekend!, Looking for more healthy eating choices? We've got you covered!

Come check out our cooking stage at the FREE Health& Wellness Expo on Saturday, featuring recipe ideas and free food samples from some of your favorite Cleveland restaurants - like Fahrenheit, Bistro and more!, null, Here are the top 5 reasons to come to the 2015 Health & Wellness Expo:

1. FREE health screenings & tests, including blood pressure, BMI, skin cancer, hearing & vision AND consultation for new moms

2. FREE activities for kids of all ages, like playing soccer w/ professional athletes and finger-painting

3. Take a picture in one of the original judge chairs from The Voice, and enter to win a tickets to LA to be in the live audience

4. FREE interactive healthy cooking & fitness demonstrations

5. Experience the Interactive Weather Wall and be a sports anchor for the day at the WKYC booth

SPREAD THE WORD! Join us for this FREE event Saturday, Sept. 26 from 10am - 5 pm!, Worried about parking for the FREE Health & Wellness Expo? We've got you covered! Here are some Valet options:

*  M.V.P. will be offering complimentary Valet Parking for Handicap Vehicles (must have hangtag) 10a-1:30p
•         $10 Early Bird Parking – 10-12noon
•         $20 Regular Parking – 12-1:30p

Check out the other nearby parking options at the link below: http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/health/2014/08/07/health-expo-parking/13713921/, MetroHealth plans to open freestanding emergency departments in Cleveland Heights and Parma. @WKYC, The FREE 2015 Health & Wellness Expo keeps getting better, this time with special guests:

Come meet Sharon Irving, semi-finalist from Season 10 of America's Got Talent, on Saturday Sept. 26 at the Convention Center! Watch her powerful performances below:, The Voice is coming to the Expo!  Well, technically it's a judge's chair.  So come on down, sit in it, snap a selfie and even better, enter to win a free trip to see show in person!, null, Ever wonder what it feels like to be a judge? Well..."We Want You!"

The ever-popular chair from The Voice will be at the FREE Health & Wellness Expo on Saturday Sept. 26th!

Come have a seat, spin around, and get your picture taken!, The Stage is set! 

See what famous chefs, restaurants, instructors and more will be gracing our Health & Wellness Expo stage this year for interactive cooking and workout demonstrations.

http://www.wkyc.com/story/life/2015/08/26/2015-health-wellness-expo-stage-schedule/32397907/, Cleveland - it's time to get healthy with this year's Health and Wellness Expo! Take a look at what's NEW for the upcoming event:, The Health and Wellness Expo is returning to Cleveland with even MORE activities and info! Check out what's new for YOU to enjoy this September:, August is also: Children's Eye Health and Safety Month
    National Breastfeeding Month
    National Immunization Awareness Month
    Psoriasis Awareness Month
    World Breastfeeding Week (first week of August)
    National Health Center Week (second full week of August), Here is a look at the @Indians Game Day forecast for today #3Weather - @MarcusDWalter, July is: 
    Cord Blood Awareness Month
    International Group B Strep Throat Awareness Month
    Juvenile Arthritis Awareness Month
    National Cleft & Craniofacial Awareness & Prevention Month, SAVE THE DATE!  The WKYC Health & Wellness Expo will be back, bigger and better than ever, September 26th from 10am - 5pm at the Cleveland Convention Center., Did you know, June is:
    Cataract Awareness Month
    Fireworks Safety Month (through July 4)
    Hernia Awareness Month
    Men's Health Month
    Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month
    National Aphasia Awareness Month
    National Congenital Cytomegalovirus Awareness Month
    National Safety Month
    National Scleroderma Awareness Month
    Scoliosis Awareness Month (promoted by National Scoliosis Foundation and others) 
    Helen Keller Deaf-Blind Awareness Week
    Men's Health Week (second week of June)
    National Cancer Survivors Day (first Sunday of June), In case you weren't aware: May is
    American Stroke Awareness Month (promoted by the National Stroke Association)
    Arthritis Awareness Month
    National Asthma and Allergy Awareness Month
    Better Hearing and Speech Month
    National Celiac Disease Awareness Month
    Children's Mental Health Week
    Clean Air Month
    Global Employee Health and Fitness Month
    Healthy Vision Month
    Hepatitis Awareness Month
    Lupus Awareness Month (promoted by the Lupus Foundation of America)
    National Mediterranean Diet Month
    Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month
    Mental Health Month
    National High Blood Pressure Education Month
    Older Americans Month
    National Physical Fitness and Sports Month
    National Osteoporosis Awareness and Prevention Month
    Preecalmpsia Awareness Month
    Ultraviolet Awareness Month
    Children's Mental Health Awareness Week (first full week of May)
    Food Allergy Awareness Week (second full week of May)
    National Women's Health Week (begins on Mother's Day)
    National Alcohol- and Other Drug-Related Birth Defects Awareness Week (begins on Mother's Day)
    National Neuropathy Awareness Week (second full week of May) 
    National Senior Health Fitness Day (last Wednesday of May), Need to find health news/stories on wkyc.com? Click on the Local tab at the top then health news tab on the left or just keep this link handy http://ow.ly/IgjfC, Mark your calendars! 9/26 - the 3rd annual Health and Wellness Expo!, In case you didn't know, April is also: 
    National Autism Awareness Month
    National Child Abuse Prevention Month
    National Donate Life Month
    National Facial Protection Month
    Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) Month
    National Minority Health Month
    Occupational Therapy Month
    National Sarcoidosis Awareness Month
    STI Awareness Month
    Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month
    Sports Eye Safety Awareness Month
    Women's Eye Health and Safety Month
    National Public Health Week (first full week of April)
    Minority Cancer Awareness Week (second full week of April)
    National Infertility Awareness Week (last full week of April)
    Every Kid Healthy Week (last full week of April)
    World Immunization Week (last week of April)
    National Infant Immunization Week (generally last week of April)
    Air Quality Awareness Week (last week of April), Did you know?, It's colorectal cancer awareness month:  More than 90% of colorectal cancers occur in people aged 50 and older., Need to find health news/stories on wkyc.com? Click on the Local tab at the top then health news tab on the left or just keep this link handy http://ow.ly/IgjfC, Lots of Health Awareness this month.  Aside from heart, February is
    AMD/Low Vision Awareness Month
    National Children's Dental Health Month
    International Prenatal Infection Prevention Month
    African Heritage & Health Week (first week of February)
    Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week (February 7-14)
    Condom Week (week of Valentine's Day)
    Eating Disorders Awareness Week (last week of February), Your daily dose of health information here: http://ow.ly/IgiXD, It's February and that means it's GO RED month for women! How do you Go Red and for whom?, $10,000!  That’s what Channel 3 is giving to one their app users.  All you have to do is download the FREE app and enter to win.  bit.ly/WKYC_App10k #wkycthemoney, Channel 3 wants you to #wkycthemoney!  Go to bit.ly/WKYC_App10k to download their FREE app and enter for your chance to win $10,000!, @wkyc3 is going to give one of their app users $10,000!  Text WKYC to 25543 for a link to download the FREE app and enter for your chance to win!, WKYC is giving away $10,000!  All YOU have to do is download their FREE app and enter for a chance to #wkycthemoney. Good luck! 
bit.ly/WKYC_App10k, WATCH WKYC 3 at 7 pm as we get you ready to cheer on the OSU Buckeyes in the National Championship game #wkyc #osu http://on.wkyc.com/1BZOCoS, null, This is a great cause, please take a second to vote for it and SHARE it to help Cleveland kids get exercise/running gear. Thanks!! http://mfpp.ymca.net/project/we-run-this-city, If you stopped by the Channel 3 booth to take your turn at being a sportscaster or weather caster, your videos are now online and can be viewed here -->  http://bit.ly/HWvideos, We want to thank everyone who came to the Expo today. We hope you had a great time and would love your feedback about your experience today., We're having fun and getting healthy today!  Come join us at the Cleveland Convention Center., The 2014 Health & Wellness Expo will be underway in just about 24-hours!!  What are you looking forward to most about the event?, Don't forget to take advantage of all these FREE health screenings while you're at our Expo this Saturday:

Please pass this along to your friends so that they can get checked out as well., Have a "gently-used" battery operated toy your child no longer uses?  Bring it to the Expo and you could help make a big difference in the life of a disabled youth.  , The Expo is this Saturday!!  Who's coming?  What questions do you have?, Just 8 days away!  What are you looking forward to most at this year's Expo? , Got any old or unused medications in your medicine cabinet?  You can safely dispose of them at the Expo on September 6th!  , Getting closer every day!  SHARE with your family and friends so that they can take advantage of this great event and perhaps learn to lead healthier lives!, Wondering who all will be at this year's Expo?  Here's an early look at the list of exhibitors who have signed up so far:  , Curious about your how your health is?  Check out the free screenings being offered at this year's Expo!, The countdown is on!  Who's coming to the Expo?

Be sure to visit our website at www.wkyc.com/healthexpo., We are exactly one month away from WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Health & Wellness Expo!  Here's a sneak peak at our floor plan and some of the exhibits, demonstrations and activities that will be taking place., Does your child play football? Must read and watch., null, null, It's that time of year! Take care of your skin and get it checked!, null, Save the date! WKYC Health EXPO set for Saturday September 6th CLE Convention Center @GlobalCleveland!, Save the Date! 2014 WKYC Health Expo set for Saturday September 6th at the Cleveland Convention center!, Come down and meet the CREW! Food donations being collection @wkyc TODAY!, null, null, null, null, WKYC Health & Wellness Expo was a blast in 2013. What would you like to see this year? Let's us know what you think!, Lorain County warming stations., null, Monica Robins here: Just spoke to Sharon Harvey from Cleveland APL about how this rain is setting up a worst case scenario for outdoor animals. Once they're wet, they're at much higher risk for hypothermia and with the sub zero temps, they can literally freeze to the ground and to death. Please bring your animals inside. Make sure they have dry proper bedding and shelter. If you care for feral cats, give them shelter. If you see a pet left outdoors and the owner refuses responsibility, call your local shelter agency and report it. Please share this message., You can start to develop frostbite in just 30 seconds in this type of weather.  What you need to know at 7pm @wkyc #CLEsnow, The frigid temperatures can be deadly to your pets.  Please bring them inside and make sure their water isn't frozen.  Learn more here http://bit.ly/1arxYQH, CO poisoning symptoms can be confused with flu, food poisoning or other illnesses. Warning signs include dizziness, headache, nausea, and shortness of breath., It's that time of year.  Be safe, have BOTH a CO detector AND a smoke alarm in your home in WORKING order!, 200 people die per year in their home from gas produced by a camping heater, charcoal grill, furnace, gas generator, space heater, stove, or water heater during a power failure. Be Aware get a CO detector., CO poisoning kills 500 people a year and puts 15K in hospital.  Do you have a detector?, Wear PURPLE tomorrow to support #PancreaticCancerAwareness and research! @Pancancleveland @Pancan @followwin @towerlightscle, #heroinsummit now talking about responsible prescribing practices. RX pills usually the start of addiction.  wkyc.com/local/heroin, Heroin Summit underway with our own @monicarobins moderating.  How experts are tackling problem tonight at 6p. http://on.wkyc.com/1joQj58, 97% of online pharmacies sell fake drugs, how do you know if yours is selling the real meds? @monicarobins shows us how at 6pm., How do you know the online pharmacy you're using is selling real medication and now counterfeit? Tune in to TV3 tonight at 6pm, Went to a party at the county jail, prison band was there they began to wail. Seriously we did, @monicarobins battle of prison bands at 11., 97% of online pharmacies sell fake drugs, Tonight at 6pm, what you can do to check the authenticity of an online pharmacy., Tonight at 11, #discountdrugs are cheaper, but they could also cost you your life. Learn the dangers of #onlinepharmacies., Tonight at 11, Everyone wants cheaper prescriptions, but buying #discountdrugs could come with a heavy price. Learn the danger., Tonight at 11, Buying #discountdrugs may save you money now, but they could cost you more in the long run., Thank you City of Cleveland for bringing local agencies together to help people understand the Affordable Care Act and find health coverage., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, WKYC honored with Recovery Resources Bronze Key award, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, If you were one of the folks who stopped by WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's booth and took a turn at being a meteorologist or sportscaster, those videos are up on their Facebook page:   http://bit.ly/HWvideos

If you're not a fan of their page yet, how about giving it a "like" for giving you this fun opportunity?, We want to do it again next year! What can we do to make it better?, Thanks to everyone who came out to the Expo today!!  We hope you had as much fun as we all did.

EXPO PHOTO GALLERY:  http://on.wkyc.com/15LMiAd, Have you come down to the Expo yet?  If so, what was your favorite part?  If not, what are you waiting for?

It's open until 6pm and it's FREE!, There's so much to do and see here at the Expo today!  Check out photos from today here:  http://on.wkyc.com/15LMiAd

Remember, we're open at the Cleveland Convention Center until 6pm and it's FREE!  So come on down and join us!, 1 hour and counting until the Health & Wellness Expo kicks off open today until 6pm! Free Admission and something for everyone!, From climbing a rock wall to getting your chance to be a meteorologist  or a sportscaster, there is so much for you to do and learn at the FREE Health and Wellness Expo tomorrow.

Come join Monica Robins (WKYC) and the rest of the Channel 3 News team at the Cleveland Convention Center from 10am - 6pm. We can't wait to see you there!, Joe Cronauer WKYC was out at the Cleveland Convention Center all morning previewing tomorrow's FREE Expo.  WATCH this video to learn more about all you can see and experience..., Check out the WKYC area and be a sports anchor for the day!, See a preview of the expo space tonight at 6pm!, The transformation of the Cleveland Convention Center is underway!  We can't wait for you to join us this Saturday from 10am to 6pm for our FREE Health & Wellness Expo., The Cleveland Cavaliers and The Official Cleveland Browns will have booths featuring games and giveaways at the Expo this Saturday from 10am to 6pm!  Come on down and join us at the Cleveland Convention Center., So who'll be occupying the stages at the Expo this Saturday?  This photo shows you the schedule for two stages.

Download the FULL schedule & our Expo guide here:  http://on.wkyc.com/13gdOJc, The transformation of the Cleveland Convention Center is underway!  We can't wait for you to join us this Saturday from 10am to 6pm for our FREE Health & Wellness Expo., Getting set for Saturday!, Hearing & Senior Physical assessments, Oral cancer screenings,
Body Fat %, Cardio, Flexibility & Strength tests, 
Spinal Screenings, Flu Shots, Pain assessments and
BMI, Cholesterol, Blood Pressure checks are some of the FREE services being offered at the Expo this Saturday.

SHARE this so that anyone you know who might have those health concerns can get them checked for FREE this Saturday from 10am - 6pm at the Cleveland Convention Center., Who likes playing corn hole?

Be sure to take part in the corn hole contest at Communicare's Expo booths - nos. 640 and 739.  They'll have giveaways and prizes!, We're 5 days away from the Expo and are looking forward to seeing you all there!  

To see all the great events, talks taking place and vendors who'll be there, click http://on.fb.me/1402NhJ to download our free Expo guide!, Don't miss the Health Forum section at the Expo! Great info by local experts all day! Here's the schedule http://www.wkyc.com/news/story.aspx?storyid=312002, Please help spread the word about our great event next Saturday by sharing our page with your friends!  We'd really "like" it if you would., Need to know where to park next weekend?  Download this free parking guide here:  http://on.wkyc.com/16UrYAd, Our Health Forum will feature lectures on various topics that are key to helping you live a better life. 

Click http://on.wkyc.com/142n1rc to learn the specific topics we'll be discussing., What to know what's happening and who will be at the Expo? 

Click http://on.fb.me/1402NhJ to check out and DOWNLOAD our Expo Guide!, Now this is a health trend we like seeing in our schools... More and more of them are banning soda and junk food from vending machines.  DETAILS:  http://on.wkyc.com/1dMR0oR

We'll have several healthy eating demonstrations at the Expo, so come join us!, Some of the topics being covered at the Health & Wellness Expo include:

  - Heart Disease
  - Obesity
  - Breast Cancer
  - Prostate Cancer
  - Mental Health/Depression
  - Drug addiction epidemic
  - Cutting edge technology

What other topics would you like to see discussed?, We are very proud to have Mace Brand as a sponsor for this year's expo.  To learn more about them, click on the Mace tab above or go to http://on.fb.me/1bTKo63, If you've made plans to come to the Expo, what are you looking forward to seeing most?, So what spurred WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland to put on this FREE Health & Wellness Expo? 

Watch a special message from Monica Robins (WKYC) to learn why: http://on.wkyc.com/17RWkRM, null, What can you expect to see and do at the Health & Wellness Expo?

Here's a brief list of what will be going on  and it's all for free!  http://on.wkyc.com/16NFDI7, What's the Health and Wellness Expo all about?  Visit our website to find out more:  

http://www.wkyc.com/life/community/health/healthwellnessexpo/, null)