List(https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2016/01/04/around-the-country-organic-farmers-are-pushing-for-ge-free-zones/, Be sure to tune in to this extraordinary internet based docu-series about cutting edge modalities to prevent and treat cancer:

https://go.thetruthaboutcancer.com/?ref=290d8127-81f0-4385-8efd-ad2d75c5d2b9, Plant your own garden. Great piece from mercola.com:, http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp1505660, Anybody interested in living a long, vibrant and healthy life? Then watch this video, realize how Agribusiness, Big Pharma and Big Medicine has lied to you about what you eat, and get healthy:
https://youtu.be/3vr-c8GeT34, In the next few months, all the existing #FoodieGuides will be made available free!, A great resource:
http://www.eatwild.com, null, I enjoy the right-of-center #MichaelGerson as David Brooks' amiable and reasonable sub on #TheNewsHour. But his #WashingtonPost piece below is based on the assumption that science has universally demonstrated that GMOs are safe. That's simply not the case. I know Gerson has considered the effect of big money in politics. It's time he considers its effect on science. The article could easily be retitled "Intellectual Irresponsibility over GMOs." Discounting Pearl Jam, who said, "Nothing is as it seems?"
http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/corporate-irresponsibility-over-gmos/2015/05/14/902c95e6-fa5e-11e4-a13c-193b1241d51a_story.html, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/27/business/chipotle-to-stop-serving-genetically-altered-food.html?_r=0, I had a great meal at #HarvestHabersham. I'll blog about it sometime soon., Going to Harvest Habersham tomorrow for brunch. 
http://www.harvesthabersham.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide selection:
The #GeorgiaPine in Lawrenceville GA   thegeorgiapine.com, http://prn.fm/he-holds-the-patent-that-could-destroy-monsanto-and-change-the-world/, Had a nice time at #GuadalupeCafe in Sylva, North Carolina. Very good service and nice bohemian vibe in a small but hip mountainside village. "Clean," tasty and affordable food, heavily committed to the local food movement. Good wine and beer options too. If you like #chocolatepudding, find some way to get there! More about it this weekend at the blog GoodSwillHunting.com, Going to #GuadalupeCafe in Sylva NC tonight. 
guadalupecafe.com, Today's #GoodSwillHunting blog post:
http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com, #CanadaFoodieGuide picks today:
#PrairieDome in Yorkton, Saskatchewan    prairiedome.ca, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick:
Bee Thankful Pure Raw Honey in Dehli, New York

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bee-Thankful-Raw-Honey/541197849301414?sk=timeline&ref=page_internal, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick:
#AlpineBakery in Whitehorse, Yukon
alpinebakery.ca, Today's #GoodSwillHunting blog post:
http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com, Today's #CanadianFoodieGuide pick:
#EarthAppleFarm in South Burnaby, British Columbia
earthapplefarm.com, #USFoodieGuide pick: #WildRoseStrawberry in Adair, Oklahoma
wildrosestrawberryfarm.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick:
#FiveBrothersCheese in St. John's, Newfoundland
 fivebrotherscheese.com, #MarioBatali book!, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick:
#AlligatorSoul in Savannah, Georgia
alligatorsoul.com, Has anyone purchased the downloadable #FoodieGuides?, Today's #GoodSwillHunting blog post: Affordable Local Fare in Gainesville, Florida.: http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick:
Peaceful Belly in Boise, Idaho   		peacefulbelly.com, This week's blog post at #GoodSwillHunting:
http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com, Back to #TheJones in Gainesville, Florida tomorrow morning for breakfast. My experience will appear in the blog #GoodSwillHunting a week from tomorrow., Today's #CheapEatsAtlanta pick:
Chick-A-Biddy			chickabiddyatl.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick:
#ReneeKellys in Shawnee Mission, Kansas. Harvestreneekellysharvest.com, Today's farmtotableguide.com blog post: http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com/2015/01/04/new-foodie-guides/, Today's #NevadaFoodieGuide pick:
Salisha's Delicious Farm	in Fallon NV salishasdelicious.yolasite.com, #NewMexicoFoodieGuide is done. Will be posted at farmtotableguide.com soon., #NevadaFoodieGuide is complete and will posted at farmtotableguide.com soon., Today's #USFoodieGuide pick:
#ElegantFarmer  in Mukwonago WI
elegantfarmer.com    
See #farmtotableguide.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: 
#CampbelltonBerryFarm	in Campbellton, Newfoundland and Labrador
pickyourown.org/canadanf.htm, Subscribe for #USFoodieGuide and #CanadaFoodieGuide updates at #farmtotableguide.com., The #CanadaFoodieGuide is complete and will be posted at #farmtotableguide.com in the next few days. Also ready to go is Guam, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Oklahoma, Idaho, Alaska, Wyoming, North Dakota and South Dakota., Things are moving ahead quickly. Three #USFoodieGuides (New York City, DC and Illinois) and four #CheapEatsGuides (New York City, Chicago, Atlanta and DC) should be posted as of tonight. The next set of Guides with be all the provinces of Canada., The #FoodieGuide signup widget is intact and previews have been loaded for both New York City foodie guides. A little more work remains to smooth out the downloading process, then Chicago, Atlanta and Washington, DC Cheap Eats Guides will be available. Merry Christmas everyone!, My daughter's home for the holidays. We'll be finishing the site's Foodie Guide Update widget today, then rolling out the first Foodie Guide ebook. That should be ready for purchase around the New Year. After four years of work, I'm finally at the point to release some of these cool ebooks! Anyone excited about a New York City Farm-to-Table Cheap Eats Guide at 99 cents?, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick:
The #GrangeBar & Eatery in New York City    thegrangebarnyc.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Union Restaurant in Toronto    		www.union72.ca, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Ohadi Duck Eggs in Caldwell, Idaho      ohadi.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: #BeeQueenHoney in Tamworth, Ontario    	beequeen.ca, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: #CraigieOnMain in Cambridge MA
craigieonmain.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick:
#LesPotagers in Sutton, Quebec
paniersbio.org/fr/livraison/11797, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Parts and Labor in Baltimore
partsandlaborbutchery.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Old Town Orchard in Fredericton, Prince Edward Island:
islandapples.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Artifact Coffee in Baltimore   artifactcoffee.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Battle River Berries in Battleford, Saskatewan.
pickyourown.org/canadask.htm, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Rosa Mexicano in San Juan, Puerto Rico:
rosamexicano.com/international/puertorico, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Les Jardins DiversiBio in Farnham, Quebec:
paniersbio.org/fr/livraison/11755, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Teton Valley Creamery in Driggs, Idaho  tetonvalleycreamery.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: #DobsonsGrassfedBeef in Cobden, Ontario: dobsonfarm.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Tiny Diner in Minneapolis     tinydiner.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Gordon's Goat Dairy in Wroxeter, Ontario 
gordonsgoatdairy.ca, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Radial Cafe in Atlanta			radial.us, This has been going out to more than 400 places listed in the forthcoming New York City Foodie Guide:

Congrats! In the next week or so you will be listed with 400 other elite eateries in the New York City Foodie Guide at farmtotableguide.com. It will be available at the pull-down "US Foodie Guide." I've friended your Facebook page. Please friend ours?: https://www.facebook.com/Farmtotableguidecom, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: #DakotaHarvestBakers in Grand Forks, North Dakota: dakotaharvest.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Prairie Dome in Yorkton, Saskatchewan: 

http://www.prairiedome.ca, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: A Pig in a Fur Coat in Madison WI: apiginafurcoat.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick:
#IcyWaters Artic Charr in Whitehorse, Yukon, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Figs in Boston and Charlestown MA: 
toddenglishfigs.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: #DarkTickleCompany from the great town of Dark Tickle, Newfoundland    	
darktickle.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Live Springs Farm in Carrollton IL		livespringsfarm.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick: Calories in Saskatoon		caloriesrestaurants.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Southbound in Chamblee GA			baconsnobs.com, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide pick:
	#AuroraMountainOrganic in Whitehorse, Yukon	auroramountain.yukonfood.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Boucher Family Farm in Highgate Center, Vermont vtcheese.com/members/greenmountain/greenmountain.htm, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: #Contigo in Austin TX: contigotexas.com, Today's pick from the #CanadaFoodieGuide:
Arlo's Honey Farm in #Kelowna, B.C    	arloshoneyfarm.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: #KentonsCheese in Trumansburg, New York kentonscheeseco.com, New #USFoodieGuide pick: #BakerMiller at Lincoln Square in Chicago bakermillerchicago.com, Today's pick from the US Foodie Guide: Alaska Flour in Delta Junction: alaskaflourcompany.com, How about farm to table dining in Iqaluit, #Nunavut?
From the Canada Foodie Guide: The Gallery   frobisherinn.com/the-gallery-fine-dining, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: 
Bacaro in Champaign, Illinois bacarowinelounge.com, Today's #USFoodieGuide pick: Milton's in Milton GA  miltonscuisine.com, Today's pick from the #CanadaFoodieGuide: Island Gold Honey in Murray Harbor, Prince Edward Island islandgoldhoney.ca, Today's #CanadaFoodieGuide post: Chives in Halifax  http://chives.ca, Today's US Foodie Guide pick: Acacia Bistro and #WineBar in Washington DC: acaciabistro.com, New addition to the #USFoodieGuide: The Original Meatball Vault in Chicago  frenchmarketchicago.com/vendor/the-original-meatball-vault, Todays #farmtotable pick from the US Foodie Guide: Ava I Toga Restaurant in American Samoa:   sinalei.com/ava-i-toga-restaurant, Today's featured food spot: Petit Bill's Bistro in Ottawa (from Canada Foodie Guide)		petitbillsbistro.com, Farm of the day (from #USFoodieGuide):
http://scottfarmvermont.com, Canadian pick for the day (from Foodie Guide):
Le Caveau Restaurant
http://grandprewines.ns.ca/restaurant/, Today's foodie pick: Walker's Drive-In     walkersdrivein.com, Favorite Manitoba ranch, from Canada Foodie Guide: Nerbas Brothers Angus     	nerbasbrosangus.com, Foodie hotspot of the day: Panciuto in Hillsborough NC   http://panciuto.com, Today's featured provider: Cure curepittsburgh.com, Today's featured provider:

http://www.fossilfarms.com/, New entry in US Foodie Guide: The Lost Kitchen in Freedom ME: https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Lost-Kitchen/119270838136645, New addition to South Carolina database: #Restaurant17 at hoteldomestique.com/restaurant-17 in Travelers Rest., Back at work on the farmtotableguide.com site after a month hiatus., The Cheap Eats pull-downs for New York City, Chicago and Washington, DC will be put back up as soon as I figure out an appropriate Word Press Plug-In that enables them to be read on iBooks. The lists have been formatted for iPhones but apps are available to make it readable on other phones., null, null, null, Check out the new Pinterest page: pinterest.com/garycarner, The Cheap Eats section is going up this week. Chicago is already completed, with 20 eateries. This will post first. New York City will follow, then Washington DC, Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa and Vancouver., GUEST POST: TERRY BRANDBORG OF BRANDBORG VINEYARD AND WINERY
(Go to Good Swill Hunting blog at farmtotableguide.com)

The nickname for the Umpqua Valley is "100 Valleys of the Umpqua." Recently, a writer called the area "The Valley of Varietals." I like both. They help describe what you can find in this wildly diverse wine growing region. My wife Sue and I have been making wine in Elkton, in the northwest corner of the Umpqua Valley, since moving here from San Francisco in January, 2002. I believe some history is in order to place that move in context.

I started making wine as a home winemaker in 1975. It was sort of a cosmically funny accident. On a Tuesday evening I got a call from my uncle, who had made some homemade wine as a hobby. By the following Saturday morning I assembled some winemaking supplies, including a used 60-gallon whiskey barrel, and headed off with a college buddy to a vineyard to pick a half a ton of grapes. I guess I was either foolish or naive enough to think I could make a barrel of wine that anyone would choose to drink. We had such a wonderful time with the grower and his family. I knew I stumbled across something that had a much deeper connection to something I needed in my life, that until then I had never experienced. And by luck or by being too scared to screw it up, that first wine turned out to be more than just drinkable. 

Then, one night a neighbor stopped by to introduce himself. It turned out that he had been growing grapes in Anderson Valley since the late '60s. I started to "hang" in AV on a regular basis, lending a hand in the vineyard, helping with harvest, hauling grapes, and making wine with his fruit. Within a couple of years I knew most of the grape people in AV and by then was making Pinot Noir, Riesling and Gewürztraminer. All the while, my day job was working on the waterfront in San Francisco. People still say, "That sure sounds different from the wine business," but I still spend a lot of time on the forklift and much of winemaking is really not that different. 

In 1986 I started a bonded commercial winery as a home occupation in my garage. The first vintage included Riesling, Gewürztraminer and Pinot Noir. Then I bought a sample bag, threw it over my shoulder after work, and took to the streets of San Francisco. I began to realize how small the wine community really is by knocking on doors and making cold calls to sell my wine. I got to know most of the food and beverage folks in just a few years of selling on the street.

My life changed dramatically once again in 1998. I met Sue at a wine tasting in Jackson Hole, Wyoming where she lived and worked and where I had been going to sell my wine since 1990. We were both pretty raw, recently coming off 20-year marriages. To keep it simple we exchanged addresses and started a communication with letters in the mail. Long story short, we fell in love and a year later Sue moved to San Francisco. She's fond of saying that all the prior stuff is "BS": "Before Sue." We both shared a vision of growing our own grapes. After a couple of years searching the cool coastal valleys of California, we came to the realization that we needed to look farther afield. California land prices had become too much for us to get the kind of property we wanted.

Another fortunate meeting led to us relocating in the Umpqua Valley. I had familiarity with the Umpqua, having visited friends from San Francisco who had moved to the area in the eighties.  I even got to know some of the pioneering winemakers a bit, including Scott Henry, who told me I could pick my climate, my soil type, elevation and aspect, and find it somewhere in the Umpqua. On a road trip to Oregon in 2000 Sue and I stopped at Abacela Winery and met its owner, Earl Jones, who remains our good friend. I told Earl that he was raising the bar for Umpqua Valley wines and we did some trades with the juice I was carrying in the trunk. He knew our thing was cool climate varieties and he told us to check out Elkton. Pinot Noir, Riesling and Gewürztraminer had been planted there since 1972, which is old for the Oregon industry. When we got to Elkton I felt very much at home. It really reminded me of the Anderson Valley. I was able to find climate data online and this confirmed that it is indeed a bulls eye for these varietals. Just two weeks later we were riding with a realtor. When he stopped at the bottom of a southwest facing slope and said, "This is it," I turned to the back seat and told Sue excitedly, "This is it!"

We packed up and headed north just after New Years Eve, 2002. What we have found in Elkton and the Umpqua Valley has exceeded all expectations. I was always very pleased with the wines I'd been making in California but I love the wines we're making now. Can you imagine a wine region where you can drive from Burgundy or Alsace to Ribera del Duero in one hour? This should give you a good idea of the different types of wine you can encounter in the Umpqua. 

The soils of the Umpqua Valley are an amazing amalgam of different types of rock and minerals from three very distinct mountain ranges. These ranges look like an accordion of ridge lines running north and south along the Pacific Coast. The Coast Range is created by the Pacific Plate being sliced off as it dives under the westward advancing North American Plate. To the south, the Klamath and Siskiyou Ranges are composed of some of the most ancient rock in Oregon: Pacific volcanoes that have docked on the North American continent, along with uplifts of volcanic rock from closer to the source. The Eastern Range is the Cascades, a volcanic formation that is much younger. 

Umpqua's drainage is wholly within Douglas County and headwaters form in each of these ranges. All of the minerals, washed into the Pacific through the various river drainages, contribute to this wild diversity of marine sediment. Umpqua's variety of soils has been called the most diverse and complex array of soil types found anywhere on the planet in a single river drainage.

Umpqua's hundred valleys have been formed by the meandering Umpqua River as it navigates its way towards the Pacific through these combinations of ancient and more modern ranges and soils. The climate is temperate with a long frost-free period. You can pretty much experience the warming that comes with moving farther inland and away from the Pacific. Elkton, in the northwest corner is the coolest, most maritime climate within the AVA and as you move inland and south along the course of the Umpqua River it warms dramatically. Rainfall in Elkton is 54 inches annually and in Winston, home to Abacela, annual precipitation is only 24 inches. The average July/August high temperature in Elkton is only 83 degrees. If you're familiar with Growing Degree Days and its corresponding Climate Regions, Elkton is a "Low Region 1" and Winston is a "High 2" or "Low 3." Burgundy to Spain in less than an hour! You move from deep Douglas Fir forest to oak and grassland savanna. 

At Umpqua's wineries you can enjoy everything you'd find in the classic wine regions of the world. There's really no other region where so many types of wine are done so well. Sunset Magazine has called the Umpqua the "Now Wine Region" as contrasted to the "Then Napa Valley." Dan Berger remarked that the Umpqua is the "Greatest Undiscovered Wine Region in America."

Touring the Umpqua Valley is a real treat. You will most likely meet the owners and winemakers at most of your stops. Most of the area's wineries are small family-owned operations. Everyone is extra-friendly and welcoming. The area is blessed with remarkable beauty and, besides wine, there is an abundance of outdoor activities to experience. The Umpqua River is world famous for steelhead and salmon fishing. The Dunes National Recreation Area is less than an hour west and Crater Lake National Park is only two hours away in the Cascades. For more information to plan your trip, visit www.umpquavalleywineries.org.

Cheers,
Terry Brandborg
brandborgwines.com, Here's a great piece from Bottom Line's e-letter "Daily Health News" about the health benefits of chocolate (newsletters@news.bottomlinepubs.com). It's edited by Dee Rapposelli and adapted from research conducted by John Finley, PhD, Professor of Food Science at Louisiana State University. Finley's research was presented at the annual meeting of the American Chemical Society.

"Boost Cocoa and Dark Chocolate Health Benefits at the Gut Level

Did you know that the “good” probiotic bacteria in your gut microbiome—the symbiotic cosmos of microbes living in your stomach and intestines—absolutely love cocoa? Not only do they eat it up and grow, they use it to boost your body’s probiotic potency and provide a heart-healthy anti-inflammatory effect.

Although scientists already knew that antioxidant compounds called flavonols in cocoa beans are what gives dark chocolate (semisweet, bittersweet and unsweetened) its many healthful properties—including the ability to fight inflammation and high blood pressure and regulate insulin and cholesterol—just how these flavonols in cocoa work had been a mystery. But this mystery was recently solved thanks to a team of food scientists from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.

The team studied how flavonols in cocoa—which in and of themselves are too large to be absorbed by the gut—are transformed during human digestion. They did this by simulating the human gastrointestinal tract in test tubes. First, they “digested” unsweetened cocoa powder by mixing the cocoa with digestive enzymes, just as our stomachs would. What was left over after digestion—a small amount of non-digestible fiber (a prebiotic, or type of common food fiber that probiotics need to promote digestive health) and the flavonols—was then mixed with healthy human feces, which is the best source of normal human gut bacteria. In this way, the researchers could closely investigate how the non-digestible cocoa fiber—the prebiotic—and flavonols interact with “good” probiotic gut bacteria, which have names like those you find on yogurt containers, Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium.

Over the next 24 hours, the fecal bacteria concoction became increasingly more acidic, which meant that the probiotic bacteria were fermenting the fiber. This fermentation made the large flavonol molecules break down into smaller molecules that could be absorbed, like other nutrients, through the gut into the bloodstream. From there, these antioxidant flavonols could do their job of reducing inflammation in cardiovascular tissue, allowing blood to flow through arteries more smoothly and, thereby, helping to prevent a cardiovascular event, such as stroke.

HOW YOU CAN GET THE MOST FROM COCOA
This study, basically, gives us insight about how cocoa “works” in providing health benefits. Now, if you want to take advantage of this science, you certainly can, but sorry…having your chocolate cake and eating it, too, won’t cut it. And most chocolate bars on the market do not contain enough cocoa solids to really benefit you and are full of sugar and additives besides. But you can claim the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory power of cocoa by enjoying dark chocolate—the purer and higher the cocoa content, the better. Here’s how:

Boost dark chocolate’s prebiotic potential by combining it with certain carbohydrate-rich prebiotic foods, such as bananas or wheat-based foods, like whole-grain breads. (Fibrous vegetables such as raw dandelion greens, asparagus and leeks are also great prebiotic sources, so if you want to get creative with dark chocolate-covered asparagus...lots of luck!)
Combine dark chocolate with fruits like pomegranates or acai berries to boost fermentation processes in your gut and pack a double punch of anti-inflammatory antioxidants from both the fruits and cocoa.
So go ahead and indulge in cocoa with a healthy, gut-health–boosting snack on the side to get the most from the natural probiotic cosmos already living inside you.", farmtotableguide.com has gone through a huge metamorphosis this past week and is now looking really professional. I want to thank my daughter, Erin, for her incredible work! Linked to the site is my foodie blog Good Swill Hunting, also looking vastly improved. My first post has gone up. It's a travelogue of a road trip I did to New Jersey. I've also posted a YouTube interview I did with distiller Troy Ball. The next post will be a piece written by winemaker Terry Brandborg of Brandborg Vineyard and Winery. It should be there in the next day or so. Please pass the word about the site and feel free to like us and comment. I'd appreciate your feedback. Much more is to come, including the US and Canada Foodie Guides, interviews with two chefs, and a Twitter and Pinterest account. Have a great week!, Here's an excellent summary of why certain fats are good and carbs are bad. It's excerpted from Keith Scott-Mumby's e-letter (Issue 68) of July 25, 2014:

"Doctor Lard Says Eat Lard and Butter

Apparently, Dr. Ronald Krauss, UCSF Adjuvant Professor and Director of Atherosclerosis Research at Children's Hospital Oakland Research Institute, is really to blame for the horrible story, which all vegans and vegetarians are incensed about. It was a recent front cover headline by Time magazine: “Eat Butter”. They are calling him “Doctor Lard” (in derision).

The magazine had the temerity to argue there was no science for the value of a low-fat diet and, moreover, the feature article pointed out there was GOOD science to tell us about the benefits of eating saturated fats. The author, Bryon Walsh, is decried as a sloppy author (or worse).

Vegetarians and vegans, in my experience, are not interested in mere facts, which contradict their dogmas. All this repentance on fat is just a trick, thinks one vegan writer Dr. John McDougall, and recent headline articles, in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, and now Time magazine, he hints, are a last ditch effort by the meat, dairy, and egg industries.

In fact vegetarians’ rejection of the overwhelming tide of evidence that has gathered is really THEIR last-ditch effort to try and prop up the ridiculous idea that animal fats are unhealthy for animals!

The leaders of the fat vilification campaign, which killed untold millions, who told us that the human diet should be based on plants (contrary to archeological evidence) and that butter, bacon, and Brie are bad for people are at last losing the battle. This includes writers like Dean Ornish (who I admire for his work but not his conclusions) and T. Colin Campbell, who I despise for his shabby, dishonest book “The China Study” (all his evidence rigged).  See this report.

The truth remains; I’ve been writing about it for decades: we need saturated fats in our diet, they make us healthy, we can’t function properly without these substances. Cholesterol especially is needed: it’s the basis of almost all our hormones. People with higher cholesterol levels live longer than those with super-low levels. Period.

All else is posturing and propaganda (and there’s plenty of that).

Sinking the Titanic

The Western world, through the power of US science and propaganda, has foisted us with what is, essentially, a crypto-vegetarian diet: protein-deficient piles of birdseed (passed off as “heart healthy whole grains” by the Food Industry pseudoscience machine).

Well, the time of reckoning has come. The whole ship of low-fat eating has crashed into a massive iceberg of scientific evidence, as one writer put it. The once-heavyweight nutrition opinionated leaders are scrambling for the lifeboats. It would be good if a few of them drowned in the Sea of Shame.

Because, unquestionably to me, there have been policy makers and supposed “experts” who have put truth and public health as a secondary concern, behind that of furnishing their own cushy careers. Why do I know that with such venom and certainty? Because there is absolutely no way any honest, intelligent, scientifically-trained person could not have been aware of the VAST corpus of evidence showing us that carbs kill; fats are healthy.

No way.

So I conclude they just wanted a comfortable, dishonest life, drawing a vast salary and letting the millions go to Hell and die young, because these officials did not have the courage to speak out. No-one wanted to rock the boat.

For 40 years I’ve been trying to make headway with my teaching about the value of good quality, animal-based fats (which in my canon excludes non-human milk). I want all my readers to be as healthy as possible for as long as possible and I want you to lead the charge with this shift of emphasis in our diets.

If you are overweight, you’ll be pleased. Carbs make you overweight; fats kill your appetite and you don’t eat so much, so you LOSE weight. Forget all those calories arguments: yes fat is 9 calories per gram, carbs only 4 calories per gram. But if you eat 2 teaspoons of coconut oil (I eat it straight off the spoon) and that kills your need to consume 300 grams of carbs, guess what happens! 90 calories vs. 1200 calories? Fat wins every time.

Toxic Fat

The only kind of fat you still have to worry about is the toxic stuff that’s found in farmed animals. These bloated, carb-stuffed miserable creatures from intensive-confinement animal farms are loaded with fat: up to 30% or even more, whereas wild animals rarely exceed 7% fat. They are bred and fed to be disgustingly obese, so the farmer makes more profit (feeding the animals grains to make them fat is far cheaper than turning them loose onto wild vegetation).

And YES, you should read that again: FARMERS FEED LIVESTOCK ON CARBOHYDRATES (GRAINS) TO MAKE THEM FAT. Why do that? Because feeding them on fatty foods makes them slim; they lose their appetite and don’t eat so much.

This one observation alone should tell you that the giant propaganda machine of the last fifty years is completely, stupidly wrong!

But it’s not just the presence of the fat in these food beasts; it’s the fact that inflammatory chemicals lodge in the fat. The “streaky bacon you get in the USA (streaks of meat mind you, not streaks of fat!!) is loaded with pesticides, herbicides, antibiotics, hormones and other xenobiotics which—once they get inside YOU—will set up severe inflammatory reactions.

I know you’ve read enough to know that inflammation is the number one killer; the number one aging process.

So eating fat is cleared. But that doesn’t mean that all fat is good. Be aware of the source. We should probably all be eating seal blubber and shot venison.", (Go to Good Swill Hunting: Confessions of a Farm to Table Foodie: http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com/2014/07/22/new-jersey-roadtrip/):


JERSEY ROAD TRIP
Whenever I travel, I visit as many places as possible that are listed in my Foodie Guide database. It’s a treasure hunt. It gives my day forward momentum. Knowing that a new place and a potentially good meal awaits me offsets the drudgery of flying or those really long drives, often on nondescript interstate highways.

Actually, the reason for establishing farmtotableguide.com and the forthcoming Foodie Guides is because it’s hard finding decent food on the road. It’s one thing to research a good restaurant in a major North American city. But in smaller towns and rural America? Where’s the reliable data for that? My work didn’t always take me to large metropolitan areas and I often drove long distances. I was often on the move, without much time. I found myself more than a few times hunched over my smart phone while eating dinner, researching the next day’s food options. All those complaints on the web about this place and that. It seemed pretty hopeless. How many more disappointing meals could I endure? Eventually, I realized it was time I did something about it. I was too miserable. Now, with my database as a tour guide, each trip is a food odyssey. It’s a chance to discover new favorites anywhere in North America and reconnect with old friends. Soon, the Guides will be posted after three years of research. I hope they help you to find food nirvana.

In June, 2014, armed with my trusty iPad and tried and true foodie database, I took a memorable three-week road trip from Atlanta to New Jersey and back. On my first day, with clear skies and moderate temperatures beckoning me, the first stop was the Blacksburg Taphouse. This very casual spot, only five hours away, is in Blacksburg, Virginia, a college town just off the I-81 corridor. Blacksburg Taphouse is fiercely engaged in the farm-to-table movement. It serves affordable comfort food (burgers, salads, sandwiches, small plates), has a comfortable outdoor deck and a huge beer list. Its chef, Michelle Smith, spent a great deal of time with me during dinner explaining her plans for the future. Business is so good they’re expanding after a little more than a year in business. They’re already shopping for their own retail establishment/banquet place to do food prep. There’s nothing like it in Blacksburg and the Virginia Tech crowd is taking to it in a very big way. Fortunately, it’s creating a ripple effect: Other restaurants are jumping on the farm-to-table bandwagon. The burger I had was terrific. So was the house-made sausage, part of the excellently assembled charcuterie plate. One suggestion before going: Call and ask about parking.

I always stop at the Roanoke Coop in Roanoke’s Grandin Village, not far from where I typically stay on my way north. Somehow I didn’t notice before that they do made-to-order veggie juices. My default “large beet/carrot/parsley” gave me the energy I needed to motor north to West Virginia and beyond. The Coop’s cafe is a good place to stop for lunch and the store is perfect for loading up on local cheese, bread and other provisions.

Several days later, after setting up camp at my sister-in-law’s in Northern New Jersey, I returned to the terrific Little Falls, New Jersey BYOB bistro Bivio Pizza. Tommy Colao, an alto saxophonist and former jazz club owner, presides over the kitchen. I knew his food was especially savory from several previous visits but I learned this time around that he sources his summer produce from Bracco Farms, a high-end farm that supplies many regional restaurants. Bivio is very small (about 30 seats) and is only open four days a week for dinner. I recommend getting there at 5pm. Everything that’s cooked is made to order in Colao’s wood burning oven. The daily salads and specials are always delicious and sometimes sublime.

About thirty minutes north of Little Falls, in posh Ridgewood, New Jersey, a new juice bar, Super Juice Nation, features cold-pressed organic juices and made-to-order organic drinks. It fills a void, especially since nearby Whole Foods doesn’t have a juice bar. Parking in Ridgewood is a challenge. Alternatively, with some advance planning you can call in your order, prepay, drive up, and have your juice handed to you.

In North Salem, New York I had a great lunch at Purdy’s Farmer and the Fish. They feature SoCo Creamery Ice Cream from Great Barrington MA, some of the best I’ve had anywhere. My blue cheese grass-fed burger included house-smoked bacon. Its side salad was in part picked from their farm/CSA, on the hillside right behind the restaurant. It’s an historic spot, built in 1775, with wide-plank wooden floors and all the charm you’d expect from buildings of that period. Purdy’s also maintains a great take-out market. Try their house-made sausages or any freshly picked produce from their farm.

Also in North Salem, New York is Harvest Moon Farm & Orchard. It’s a country store that specializes in outdoor plants, groceries and grass-fed beef they raise and butcher. Harvest Moon also maintains a broad selection of New York wines. (I bought a spectacular 2012 Atwater Dry Riesling from the Finger Lakes!) Their local cheese selection is especially good. I chose the Toma Celena from Cooperstown Cheese Company, not knowing anything about it. Wow! A Google search unearthed this entry at http://www.palisadesfm.org/cooperstown-cheese-company.html/

“Bob Sweitzer and Sharon Tomaselli started making cheese as Cooperstown Cheese Company nearly three years ago, but in that short time were able to develop a wonderful alpine style cheese and win a second place ribbon at the American Cheese Society annual competition in 2009. Toma Celena, named after the first person to taste it and love it, is a very complex semi-hard and natural rind cheese that is nutty and fragrant, yet has slightly sweet undertones. The flavor lingers and is bold enough to match well with meaty red wines and broad enough to match well with spicy brews. Known iconically as the ‘The Red Roof 6 miles south of Cooperstown on Route 28,’ Cooperstown Cheese Company handcrafts artisan cheeses from locally-sourced, raw cow’s milk. Their Toma Brand Cheeses are made from milk from Brown Swiss cows raised naturally and hormone free on Lester Tyler’s family farm, Sunny Acres Swiss. Their Jersey Girl Colby is made with grass-fed, raw milk from Autumn Valley Farm in Worcester, NY. . . . In mid-January of 2013, Bob and Sharon received a call requesting that they send 40 pounds of Toma Celena and Jersey Girl cheese to the White House, because their cheese was selected to be served at the Presidential Inaugural Luncheon on January 21, 2013. To say they were stunned is an understatement.”

After a two week stay in the New York suburbs, it was time to head home. I took a more easterly route than usual. Veering off from Harrisburg, the plan was to first drive to Baltimore. Then, past Annapolis and across the Chesapeake Bay, the second day’s drive would follow local highways down the Delmarva Peninsula south to Norfolk, finally across the beautiful Chesapeake Bay Bridge and Tunnel. I did it mostly to avoid Washington traffic, but also to visit two places new to me. First, however, I had a chance to revisit one of my very favorite places, Woodberry Kitchen. Woodberry is one of the great farm-to-table restaurants in North America. (See “The Movement” for more about my experience and what makes it special.) Spike Gjerle, Woodberry’s owner and chef, recently opened his fourth Baltimore restaurant, Shoo-Fly Diner. In Belvedere Square, it’s diagonally across the street from the tres cool Belvedere Market. I’ll eat at Shoo-Fly on my next visit. This time around, though, after Woodberry I stopped off for a glass of wine and a small plate at Grand Cru. It was around 9pm and Belvedere Market had closed.

The next day it was off to the Eastern Shore. Easton, Maryland’s Out of the Fire does lunch and dinner. That worked out beautifully for the tour since I could check out of my hotel and get there in time for lunch. I also wanted to get to Norfolk/Virginia Beach by nightfall to check out a wine bar with half-price wine by-the-glass. Easton is a beautiful Eastern Shore village, a place I first visited when I was home from college visiting a friend many years ago. Too bad it was a bruising 98 degrees on my recent visit. I would’ve liked to have walked around and taken in the sights. Out of the Fire–an appropriate metaphor for the scalding heat and air conditioning that saved me–is a comfortable, long, casual room with a wood burning oven at the far end. It’s fervently dedicated to the farm to table movement. Very good service and food: I had yet another grass-fed burger, this one also terrific!

Finally in Virginia Beach, I stopped at Eurasia Bistro and Wine Bar. On a Wednesday night, maybe because of half-price wine, the place was surging with excitement. What a great thing it was to feed off of the dining room’s energy after a long drive in oppressive heat! The front of the space has a well stocked wine shop. You can buy a bottle and bring it to your table. Nevertheless, in a value conscious state of mind, I focused on their wine-by-the-glass list, settling on a fine Alsatian Gewürztraminer to go with my Spring Pea Soup with Riccota and Surry Ham. Be sure to ask for Heather, who made the night a lot of fun. She’s excellent!

Before the last stretch of the drive home, I stopped in Raleigh at the wonderful wine shop Seaboard Wine Warehouse, where I always reload my cellar with Wachau Gruner Veltliner. Seaboard is a fully diversified wine shop that specializes in Austrian wine. The owner, in fact, had just returned that day from Vienna. Because Austrian wines are often hard to find, I always stop in to at least grab a few bottles of Steininger sekt.

Across the parking lot from Seaboard is J. Betski’s, the intimate Polish-German restaurant with superb wurst and an impressive wine and beer list. This time around I had an excellent, locally pastured Smoked Beef-and-Pork Kielbasa with Sauerkraut and Spicy Mustard. Chased by a glass of floral and complex Schneider Weisse Beer, it was a superb pairing. The biggest surprise, perhaps of the entire road trip, was their spectacular dessert: Banana Coconut Rum Strudel with Spicy Avocado Ice Cream (see photo). It was just perfect in terms of texture, balance, mouth feel, and complexity. It was so good, I got another one to photograph and then devour! If you’ve been to J. Betski’s or any of the places I visited, please let me know what you think of them., farmtotableguide.com is finally operational, after three years of planning: http://farmtotableguide.com  It's still being developed but check out the blog, Good Swill Hunting, and let me know what you think. Here's the blog link: http://goodswillhunting.farmtotableguide.com. , null, null, null, null, null, My daughter is done with her year at med school and you can expect some changes at farmtotableguide.com. First, US Foodie Guide will be changed to Canada Foodie Guide because the Canada directory is fully updated, expanded and ready to go. The US Foodie Guide, for its part, will be rolled out in a few weeks, after I do some additional work to it. 

The blog, Good Swill Hunting, will be rolled out within the next week or so with entries by myself and guest bloggers. Lastly, I've made some additions to my rationale for the site (see below), as articulated at The Movement. 

I ask that you spread the word about the site once we're fully operational by posting a link on your Facebook pages.
Thanks!

One of the most exciting things taking place in North America is the farm-to-table movement. Thanks to early pioneers such as Chez Panisse’s Alice Waters, this noble crusade--now in its fifth decade--is really gathering steam as the preferred way to live. Passionate farm-to-table devotees are not merely improving the nutritional density of their meals or the livelihood of small farmers. Year by year, farm-to-table activists are just as surely changing the face of North American retailing. They're pressuring fast food establishments for better ingredients. They're pushing grocers to upgrade to local and organic food. They're clamoring for farmers markets and mobilizing against Big Pharma and Big Ag.

The purpose of farmtotableguide.com is to honor the movement in several ways. First, my blog, Good Swill Hunting, will function mostly as a travelogue that describes my quest to uncover the “cleanest” food in the U.S. and Canada. Guest chefs and winemakers will be invited to blog about their industries. Together, we aim to discuss the entire stretch of North America's bounty.
 
Two food directories, the U.S. Foodie Guide and Canada Foodie Guide, will list not just those establishments that are fiercely dedicated to supporting local farms and food purveyors. It will also list many of those farms and ranches that are producing the foods for others! I've included everything possible--from fine dining restaurants to exciting lowbrow spots--in order to reveal farm-to-table's breadth. You'll discover diners, taverns, pizzerias, food trucks, hamburger joints, apiaries, ice cream parlors, popsicle vendors, markets, bakeries, butchers, produce stands, caterers, breakfast and take-out places, barbecue joints, sports bars, nightclubs, mail order companies, coffee roasters, tea houses, breweries, CSAs, distillers, sandwich shops, B&Bs, chocolate makers, seaside shacks and more.

In time a separate section, "Wine," will cover the growing Canadian and American wine industries. They're an important aspect of North American life and winemakers are just as passionate as their farm-to-table counterparts. farmtotableguide.com will also have "Cheap Eats," a category with pull-downs for burgers, pizza and other low cost edibles. Eventually I'll also roll-out a unique store and I'll stay engaged with political issues by adding cool links and  post things at my corresponding farmtotableguide.com Facebook page. 

It’s a very exciting time for the North American farm-to-table movement and I'm thrilled to be part of it. You can expect travel tips, suggestions for the perfect weekend getaway, articles about agritourism and much more. I'll also provide you with first-hand interviews I’ve done with chefs, owners and winemakers. They'll explain why they’re so passionate about what they do. You can see for yourself why you should run to their establishments.

I recently had dinner, a tour of the kitchen, and a conversation with chef/owner Spike Gjerde at his acclaimed Baltimore restaurant Woodberry Kitchen. Gjerde was supportive of my site but detests its name and urged me to change it. Why? Gjerde said that "farm to table" as a term has become neutered by the efforts of many to jump on the bandwagon. To increase their cache and marketability, Gjerde said, eateries claim their loyalty to the movement by, on the one hand, using local produce, for example, while the other hand is signing off on a purchase order and waiving goodbye to the Sysco truck. That kind of duplicity debases all that he's working so hard to achieve. I can certainly understand Gjerde's frustration. He's so dedicated to supporting local purveyors, he recently phased out the use of oranges in cocktails at his bar. Woodberry also has, since its inception, stockpiled local ingredients for the winter by means of an ambitious canning program. These ingredients are on proud display at the restaurant. 

In an August 7, 2013 interview with Eater's Amy McKeever, Gjerde summarized his philosophy: "One of those things that we don't allow ourselves is that rationalization that we will use local food or local ingredients whenever possible. There's that "out" that people allow themselves. Because we put our local food system and our growers first, that presents the framework within which we work. It's not my particular culinary imagination. In other words, I don't come up with a dish and say, "All right, what part of this masterpiece can I get locally?" We're presented with the products from our local growers and then we're compelled as chefs and cooks to make it taste great." 

Woodberry Kitchen is a model North American farm-to-table restaurant; an inspiration to me, those in the industry, and for diners in the Chesapeake area. In deference to Gjerde and equally passionate devotees, in the foodie guides I've listed in boldface all those farms, ranches, eateries and others that are at least 70% dedicated to selling local food. In that way users can choose the kind of place most in congruence with their proclivities. 70% might seem too lenient, but I've given some wiggle room to those that have trouble getting local products in the dead of winter, nor have instituted Woodberry's progressive canning and preserving program. 

I do ask that users send in comments, especially on any establishments that are mistakenly included in the foodie guides and need to be expunged. North America is a vast place and farmtotableguide.com is a continually evolving organism that needs love and attention to stay current. Please send corrections, additions and suggestions to info@farmtotableguide.com. I look forward to hearing from you.

Happy grazing!
Gary Carner, null, null, null, I'm in New Jersey, leaving soon for home in GA. I've been exploring some pretty good farm to table places along the way, with more to follow on my return south. I'll be writing about some of my memorable eats on the blog, Good Swill Hunting. I'm waiting for my daughter to finish her year at med school so she can tweak the site and get the blog up and running. That should be in about four short weeks., null, This today from organicconsumers.org:

Moms to EPA: Recall Monsanto’s Roundup
By Alexis Baden-Mayer 
Organic Consumers Association, May 29, 2014 

For related articles and information, please visit OCA's All About Organics page, our Genetic Engineering page, and our Millions Against Monsanto page.

Hell hath no fury . . . like a mother whose child has been sickened by a toxin that’s almost impossible to avoid.

Two activist groups, Moms Across America and Thinking Moms Revolution, want the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to recall Monsanto’s Roundup, the most widely used herbicide/pesticide in the world. 

Now is the time to do it, they say, because the EPA is conducting a registration review of glyphosate.

Representatives of the two groups contacted the EPA to request a meeting. When the EPA ignored them, they rallied supporters. In just three days, about 10,000 moms from all over the country rang the phones off the hook at the EPA. 

A week later, five Moms Across America leaders were sitting around a boardroom table with nine EPA employees who have the power to recall Roundup. The moms brought lawyers, scientists and advocates from Organic Consumers Association, Natural Resources Defense Council, Consumers Union, Beyond Pesticides and the Truth-In-Labeling Coalition as back-up.

What was supposed to be a one-hour meeting turned into two. The EPA’s Dana Vogel, director of the Health Effects Division in the Office of Pesticide Programs, and other EPA staff stayed glued to their seats as one mother after another shared heart-wrenching stories of parenting children with life-threatening allergies, severe gastrointestinal problems, mysterious autism-spectrum disorders, and major nutritional deficiencies. 

The common thread in those stories? Exposure to glyphosate, the key ingredient in Monsanto’s Roundup.

Wrenching tales of preventable illnesses

The activist moms had long suspected pesticides might be behind their children’s health problems. So they had their families tested for glyphosate. The tests showed unsafe levels of glyphosate in their drinking water, in their breast milk and in their children’s urine.

That’s when they resolved to get in front of the EPA. And when they did, they told their stories.

Moms Across America co-founder Zen Honeycutt recounted how when she learned of the link between glyphosate and autism, she had her middle child, who had been exhibiting autism symptoms, tested for glyphosate. His urine had 8.7 parts per billion glyphosate—eight times more than is allowed in drinking water in the E.U. She immediately eliminated all potential sources of glyphosate from his diet. After six weeks, the glyphosate was out of his system. And so were the autism symptoms. He stopped hitting people, and his grades went back up from D’s to A’s.

After a year of eating organic, her eldest son's walnut allergy went from a 19 to a 0.2. It’s no longer life-threatening.  

In fact, all of the mothers’ children suffered from deteriorating conditions until they put them on all-organic diets. When they figured out that going organic was the only thing that helped ease their children's symptoms, they started investigating the food they had been eating for possible causes of their children's poor health.

Each mother began to suspect glyphosate.

Zoe Swartz, leader of East Coast Moms Across America and founder of GMO Free Lancaster County told the EPA, “I’m really angry that I didn’t know that there was glyphosate in the food I was feeding my daughter.” She described her toddler’s problems with “leaky gut syndrome” which has been linked to glyphosate exposure. After three weeks of an organic diet, the child’s symptoms began to disappear. 

Megan Davenhall of Thinking Moms Revolution, mother of an 11-year-old boy with autism, told the EPA, “It’s going to be a long road for us.” 

She began her research when her son was diagnosed at age three. As she turned to organic foods, and eliminated chemicals, he started to grow—something he hadn’t done for two and a half years. He weighed only 38 pounds at age six. Now, Davenhall told the EPA, “He’s doing better. He’s not off the spectrum. … It’s a long road for us, because my son was so very damaged. … He was skin and bones and it’s taken us years to recover his gut health.”

“The damage didn’t need to happen to him,” Davenhall said. “And I don’t want to see it happen to one other kid out there, not one. What we feed our kids, what we put into our bodies, is the most important thing. Healthy food should be available for everybody. It needs to happen. It needs to happen today.”

Sarah Cusack of Thriving Family Health talked about her daughter Claire who at 12 months, changed from a happy, easy-going baby to a miserable, constipated baby who was literally starving. She was emaciated. She had a huge bloated belly. At 20 months, she was diagnosed with celiac disease. But the turning point came when she switched to an organic diet. Claire is now a healthy six-year-old. Her mom is a health coach. Cusack says that an all-organic diet is the centerpiece of her practice. She’s seen improvement in clients with myriad health problems, including migraines, eczema, rashes, gastro-intestinal conditions, mood disorders like anxiety and depression, constipation and auto-immune conditions.

Swaying decision-makers with Science

After the testimonials, It was time to hit the EPA with hard science.

Honeycutt delivered a 20-minute presentation on how glyphosate figures as an environmental cause of so many of the diseases impacting our kids today. She left behind a binder, prepared by Moms Across America volunteers, packed with scientific articles supporting her assertions. Zen’s presentation and the materials she presented to the EPA covered the following points.

•    Exposure to glyphosate correlates with chronic illness. Chronically ill people have significantly higher levels of glyphosate in their systems than healthy people.
 
•    Glyphosate is an endocrine disruptor which is toxic to placental cells. This means it may impact our ability to conceive and carry healthy babies to term. It may also cause breast cancer. 

•    Glyphosate destroys the gut bacteria we need for good health. Scientists have observed that in chickens and cattle, glyphosate kills the good gut bacteria while leaving behind bacteria that causes food poisoning. Glyphosate’s negative impact on our microbiome may be the reason for increasing rates of allergies, celiac sprue and gluten intolerance, and colitis and Crohn’s disease. 

•    Glyphosate makes vaccines far more toxic than they would otherwise be. When children are overexposed to glyphosate, they are more likely to react badly to vaccination. There’s an intricate connection between the gut and the brain, such that an unhealthy digestive system translates into pathologies in the brain. Aluminum, mercury and glyphosate work synergistically to create severe deficiency in sulfate supplies to the brain. This may be what’s causing the epidemic levels of autism and other diseases such as Alzheimer's.

•    Glyphosate is a chelator that deprives living things of vital nutrients, vitamins and minerals. This is how glyphosate kills plants. It may also be how it’s killing people. Glyphosate-induced vitamin deficiency may be a factor in the growing cancer rates. Glyphosate has been directly linked to Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma. A recent meta-analysis found that exposure to glyphosate doubled the likelihood of contracting B cell lymphoma. 

Will the EPA consider this evidence and move to protect our children from glyphosate?

We’re about to find out. 

For five years, the EPA has been collecting and analyzing data. This year (2014), the agency will publish a risk assessment and open a 60-day public comment period. Then it will publish a proposed registration and provide another opportunity for public comments. 

Finally, the EPA will make a registration decision to either continue business-as-usual, place new restrictions on the use of glyphosate, or to take it off the market. 

Moms want it off the market.

Moms Across America and Thinking Moms Revolution are currently working with the EPA to develop protocols for an independent scientific study of glyphosate in breast milk for inclusion in the agency’s review.

These moms won’t stop until Roundup is recalled and they need your help. Please join the Recall Roundup campaign at Moms Across America or Thinking Moms Revolution. 

Alexis Baden-Mayer is political director of the Organic Consumers Association. , mercola.com is in the forefront of the anti-GMO movement. Almost daily it's publishing thought provoking pieces about the perniciousness of GMO food. This excerpt from a mercola.com interview with August Dunning, a Ph.D scientist
(http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/05/25/food-minerals-soil-health.aspx) explains just how the Roundup herbicide does it's thing in GMO crops. 

Roundup Is Even Worse Than You Thought

Polyethoxylated tallow amine (POEA) is an adjuvant surfactant in Roundup. It's derived from animal fat, and according to the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and US Department of Agriculture (USDA), it's an inert ingredient that is safe for use. However, inert does not automatically mean harmless, and this is a critical distinction to make.

"What they really aren't telling you is that it's inert in that it doesn't kill bugs, but that doesn't mean that it's not toxicologically harmful. It's inert as a bug killer, but might not be inert as a human killer," Dr. Dunning says.

POEA has actually been shown to be cytotoxic (toxic to cells) at doses far lower than glyphosate itself. It also amplifies the toxic effects of glyphosate. Dr. Dunning also notes POEA causes hemolysis—a condition where the membrane of your red blood cells burst. This removes the hemoglobin, which decreases oxygen transport in your body. If your blood isn't transporting oxygen to your brain for example, it may contribute to a wide variety of neurological problems.

"Glyphosate has several different formulations, but most of it has this additive—POEA—which is a surfactant. In other words, glyphosate tends to be hydrophilic. It doesn't want to go through the leaf surface, so they have surfactants that get dried into the leaf," Dr. Dunning explains. "Because it dries into the leaf, it doesn't wash off. It gets into the system of the plant...

POEA [also] has extremely strong detrimental effects itself. It destroys the cytochrome P450 enzyme in the liver, which is designed to detoxify toxins. When that enzyme system is damaged, these toxins are way more effective. It also destroys the ability of glutathione to be used.

Moreover, there's an interesting phenylalanine issue. Phenylalanine is needed for tyrosine, which also gets your epinephrine and norepinephrine made. If you decrease your phenylalanine [production], you don't get that cascade of chemicals. It also destroys tryptophan. Tryptophan is needed for serotonin and melatonin, so you can sleep at night. We're seeing a lot of sleep disorders in the population. Well, if you're destroying your tryptophan and your serotonin and melatonin cascade, you're going to see sleep disorders.

The World Health Organization (WHO) has studies that show that these chemicals mimic adrenaline, which is also a big part of that because norepinephrine makes your adrenaline. We're seeing these illnesses occur in humans that are very similar to endocrine-disrupting systems. We're seeing the introduction of chemicals in food that do exactly that, and no one wants to really address this issue.", Here's Andrew Weil on foods you should only buy organic or avoid entirely, as well as others you can eat with some degree of comfort. They're referred to as "The Dirty Dozen" and "The Clean 15" respectively:

http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/VDR00022/Dr-Weil-EWG-Shoppers-Guide-to-Pesticides.html, Thanks to cornucopia.org, below is a link containing a list of companies that support the labeling of GMOs as well as those that support lobbying efforts to suppress that information: http://www.cornucopia.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/I-522.poster.1101.jpg  

Articles about how GMOs are harming humans and how scientists are being harassed and intimidated are routinely posted at mercola.com. Here's a recent piece: 
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/05/18/gmo-foods-inflammation.aspx?e_cid=20140525Z1_PRSNL_MV_1&utm_source=prmrsnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=mv1&utm_campaign=20140525Z1&et_cid=DM45670&et_rid=530955207 , From SumofUs.org:

This doesn’t taste good: “All natural” Chobani makes Greek yogurt with milk from cows that are fed genetically modified (GMO) grain.

It may sound surprising, but actually, this isn’t news at all - Chobani always has. What’s worrisome now, however, is that it has just secured a loan to the tune of $750 million to expand its operations, which means it will be fuelling even more money into the GMO industry.

As the biggest producer of Greek yogurt in the US,Chobani is missing a tremendous opportunity to support milk producers who feed their cows with natural feed, and with that, to transform dairy production. Before Chobani throws millions of dollars at GMO grain producers, we have the chance to tell Chobani what we don’t want in our yogurt.

Tell Chobani to stop making yogurt with GMO-laden milk now.

Chobani claims that the only way it can produce enough yogurt to supply the booming market is by using milk from GMO-fed cows. But this decision is already hurting its business: In December of 2013, Whole Foods announced that it was going to stop selling Chobani in 2014 as part of an effort to stop selling GMO foods that aren’t labeled as such.

The bank accounts of Chobani’s executives are the only things that benefit from the decision to support GMOs. The effects GMO grain has on the environment and on the animals that eat it are tragic, and the long term health consequences for those who consume GMOs are still unknown.

Let’s tell Chobani: We’d love your yogurt more if it was GMO-free! Stop using milk from cows fed with GMO grain now.

This is not the first time big agribusiness has stepped over the line and we’ve pushed them back. Recently, Kellogg’s agreed to eliminate deforestation from their supply chains. We’re fighting Bayer and Syngenta in their attempts to overturn Europe’s ban on bee-killing pesticides. And we have bought a small, strategic stake in Monsanto so that we can speak out as shareholders ourselves.

The general shift to GMOs in our food only gives more power to huge GMO corporations like Monsanto, who have an ever increasing amount of control over our food supply, and what we put in our bodies. Stopping Chobani using GMO-laden milk may be a first step in taking that control back. , Gary --
 
I want to update you on the latest in our fight to stop the FDA approval of genetically modified salmon.
 
On Thursday, we won a critical skirmish in this fight.  In a bipartisan effort, Senator Lisa Murkowski and I successfully inserted language into an agricultural spending bill that would require GMO salmon to be clearly labeled — should it be approved by the FDA.  
 
Our goal? To send a strong signal to the FDA that it should not be approved at all.  But if it is, shoppers should know about it.
 
Of course, the powerful companies trying to engineer a GMO salmon aren't going away.  In fact, they recently announced that despite losing millions, they're doubling down on their bizarre and frightening Frankenfish project.
 
One Wall Street publication went so far as to complain boldly in a headline:
 
"Politicians Jeopardize Commercialization of Engineered Salmon"
 
You'd better believe it!  
 
But it's not just me and a few of my colleagues.  The American people have spoken out loud and clear.  Just a few months ago, you'll remember, over 104,000 people from all 50 states signed our petition calling on the FDA to reject the Frankenfish.
 
Not only that, but supermarket chains representing over 9000 grocery stores recently announced that they won't sell the GMO salmon, even if it is approved.  The coalition of grocers includes Safeway, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, Kroger and Fred Meyer.
 
We're speaking out loud and clear.  But you'd better believe that the big agribusiness giants — like AquaBounty, Monsanto, and the rest — aren't very happy with us.  
 
This year, I'm up for re-election and that puts a target on my back.  I'm counting on you to help me continue to stand up to insane ideas like the GMO Frankenfish.
 
Will you chip in a few dollars right now to help me fight back?
 
With your help, we'll win this fight.
 
Jeff
 
 
  
Paid for by Jeff Merkley for Oregon.
  
This email was sent by Jeff Merkley for Oregon
PO Box 14172, Portland, OR 97293.

Email is an important way for Senator Merkley to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. If you no longer want to hear from Senator Merkley, click here to get off all our lists instantly. Questions or concerns? Contact us here., This from the Organic Consumers Association:

TOP NEWS OF THE WEEK
Listen Up, Monsanto!
Wouldn’t you love to be a fly on the wall in Monsanto’s boardroom this week?

Two Oregon counties—Jackson and Josephine—soundly defeated the Gene Giants on Tuesday, May 20. Voters there, led in Jackson County by a grassroots group called Our Family Farms Coalition, passed countywide bans on growing GMOs. 

The wins send a clear signal to the biotech industry that their GMO crops are not wanted. And an equally clear signal to politicians that communities will take a stand to protect their democratic right to local home rule.

This time, Monsanto’s money and lies didn’t work. (Monsanto and the rest of the Gene Giants spent a cool $1 million—a new record for a county ballot measure in Oregon—in Jackson County alone).

This time, ordinary citizens and community rights prevailed over corporate and political corruption.

This time, we’re celebrating.

This week’s victories are all the more sweet, coming just weeks after Vermont signed into law this country’s first stand-alone bill requiring mandatory labeling of GMOs.

The grassroots anti-GMO movement, always a force to be reckoned with, is now a bigger-than-ever threat to corporations that have poisoned and polluted with impunity, for decades., Here's the new verbiage that's going up at farmtotableguide.com:

One of the most exciting things taking place in North America is the farm-to-table movement. Thanks to early pioneers such as Chez Panisse’s Alice Waters, this noble crusade--now in its fifth decade--is really gathering steam as the preferred way to live. Passionate farm-to-table devotees are not merely improving the nutritional density of their meals or the livelihood of small farmers. Year by year, farm-to-table activists are just as surely changing the face of North American retailing. They're pressuring fast food establishments for better ingredients. They're pushing grocers to upgrade to local and organic food. They're clamoring for farmers markets and mobilizing against Big Pharma and Big Ag.

The purpose of farmtotableguide.com is to honor the movement in several ways. First, my blog, Good Swill Hunting, will function mostly as a travelogue that describes my quest to uncover the “cleanest” food in the U.S. and Canada. Guest chefs and winemakers will be invited to blog about their industries. Together, we aim to discuss the entire stretch of North America's bounty.
 
Two food directories, the U.S. Foodie Guide and Canada Foodie Guide, will list those establishments that are fiercely dedicated to supporting local farms and food purveyors. I've included everything possible--from fine dining restaurants to exciting lowbrow spots--in order to reveal farm-to-table's breadth. You'll discover farms, diners, taverns, pizzerias, food carts, hamburger joints, ice cream parlors, popsicle vendors, markets, bakeries, butchers, produce stands, caterers, breakfast and take-out places, barbecue joints, sports bars, nightclubs, mail order companies, coffee roasters, tea houses, breweries, CSAs, distillers, sandwich shops, B&Bs, chocolate makers, seaside shacks and more.

A separate section, Wine, will cover the growing Canadian and American wine industries. They're an important aspect of North American life and winemakers are just as passionate as their farm-to-table counterparts. farmtotableguide.com will also have Cheap Eats, a category with pull-downs for burgers, pizza and other low cost edibles. In time I'll roll-out a unique store and I'll also stay engaged with political issues by adding cool links. 

It’s a very exciting time for the North American farm-to-table movement and I'm thrilled to be part of it. You can expect travel tips, suggestions for the perfect weekend getaway, articles about agritourism and much more. I'll also provide you with first-hand interviews I’ve done with chefs, owners and winemakers. They'll explain why they’re so passionate about what they do. You can see for yourself why you should run to their establishments.

farmtotableguide.com is a continually evolving organism that needs love and attention. Please send corrections, additions and suggestions to info@farmtotableguide.com. We look forward to hearing from you.

Happy grazing!
Gary Carner, I had a tasty burger at Yeah Burger in the Virginia Highlands section of Atlanta. What impressed me too was the chalk board with a lengthy list of their purveyors. How many burger joints do that? I washed it down with an organic Samuel Smith Chocolate Stout and enjoyed everything as I watched the Connecticut-Florida basketball game., I'm eager to roll out at least the blog section of the site to get going but my daughter tells me she's got her toughest semester now. As soon as I know more I'll announce it., I've lined up my first guest bloggers. David Joseph will be my first guest chef. Living in Maine he will cover the Maine scene for me. David owned and was the Executive Chef at the Blue Sky Cafe in Montclair NJ when I lived there in the 1990s. I became a foodie eating there and we've stayed in touch over the years. Besides being a gifted chef, David is also a wine expert. As for winemakers, Terry Brandborg of Brandborg Vineyard and Winery will be my first guest winemaker blogger. He'll be covering the Umpqua Valley region of Oregon. Terry, like David, is at the top of his field. Interestingly, Terry is also a fine chef. He cooked for me when I first visited him in 2006., I've sent all the final information about the site's format to my daughter who's building it. I'm hopeful that we'll be up and running in our final form in just a few weeks. The database lists over 3,000 North American establishments. It will be organized by state, province, or territory. I'm inviting guest chefs and winemakers to blog about their regions. This will allow me to vet more places and cover areas I don't often visit. You can expect photographs of dishes and a unique store for shopping., All website information has been submitted to my daughter to get farmtotableguide.com finally up and running. She's in med school but is helping me with this project as a diversion. I'm hopeful that the site will be in its final form in just a few weeks. Blog posts will include colorful photos of dishes and farm to table establishments. Chefs from around North America will be invited to write entries, in that way giving the blog a reach that I can not achieve alone. Guest bloggers from various regions will also help me vet the extensive database of FTT places and stay on top of the local food scenes. The database has over 3,000 places. It will be organized by state, province or territory. A unique store for shopping is planned., I've been so busy with my day job. My daughter and I are working this weekend on getting the site up in its final form. The next step will be to get the blog going with some sense of continuity. The plan is to start by blogging every Saturday. After that, the huge farm to table database will be rolled out., My new food blog has been rolled out. I'll be posting every Saturday.

http://goodswillhunting.com, I happy to report that I'll be rolling out the new site in the next few weeks. First, I'm moving over to wordpress.org  and a new host company, then overhauling the site. In a few weeks the site will begin featuring my new food blog. Its first entry will be about my upcoming road trip from Atlanta to Orlando. Ultimately the complete farm-to-table database will be posted., It's hard to believe that a year has gone by since I first launched this site. Since then, several eating establishments in my database have closed. I'm still looking for the right time to launch the full North American site., Working on the website: 3,000+ entries!  Happy New Year everybody!)