List(Patio update: we’ll be back out there in early May. No foolin’! Check back here later next month for more info., null, Cauliflower Banh Mi - eggplant "pate", cilantro, cucumber, carrots, pickled jalapeno, simple salad., Join us next week as we celebrate all things IPA with Stone Brewing!, Jets To Brazil - cachca, fresh lime, falernum, coconut water, Please join us on April 12, as we will pay tribute to Ken Kelly and raise funds for four cyclists riding the Pan-Mass Challenge in his honor. https://www.facebook.com/events/1668487906734688/, Brunch plans for tomorrow? We've got you covered:, Pretty in purple | Willow - gin, cocchi americano, crème de violette, orange bitters, absinthe rinse, Nothing quite like a crisp Bantam Cider. (cred: @bostoncocktailclub), Please join us next month at Brass Union as we will pay tribute to Ken Kelly and raise funds for four cyclists riding the Pan-Mass Challenge in his honor., Beer me. Well Done Boston stops in to check out our "Liquid Assets.", null, Duck Confit Tater Tots over everything., When life gives you lemons, drown them in booze ✓, Never underestimate the power of a good cocktail | Airmail, Happy St. Patrick’s Day! We’re celebrating accordingly with Emerald Isle-inspired menu features:, "The Indo opens at noon for the day (usually it's 3pm), which means you can ensconse yourself for basically half a day and stuff yourself silly three times over." Prepare yourselves for tomorrow, friends!, null, Please join us on Tuesday, April 12, as we will pay tribute to Ken Kelly and raise funds for four cyclists riding the Pan-Mass Challenge in his honor., Get in our belly | Carnitas Sandwich, Let’s brunch! We’re open at 11am and have housemade maple bacon doughnuts. http://www.theindo.com/menus/brunch.php, Beer as cold as your ex’s heart | Pepperell Pilsner (cred: @bostoncocktailclub), Spring has arrived and so have our new cocktails!, null, #TriviaTuesday called for reinforcements | Deviled Eggs, Welcome to the neighborhood, Juliet!, #Cheers to brunch, beer and best friends. (credit: @megannbaker), Lusting after the Crème Brûlée., Kickin’ off #ThirstyThursday the only way we know how | Green Flash Brewing Co. Passion Fruit Kicker  (credit: @lastdon617), Our Irish Breakfast makes the list for WBZ | CBS Boston's "Best Irish Meals." Sláinte!, #TriviaTuesday, we meet again. Grab a Grassfed Cheeseburger and give it your best shot. [River Rock Farm], Leaping out of work into the Snapdragon., We’ll have a side of brunch with our bloody, please ✓, Diving face first into the Fish & Chips., This is what we train for, people | Perfect Pal, Grapefruit Gimlet, Kentucky Buck, You are what you eat, so we are cheese., In our element. Half-price oysters at the bar because #Monday., Liquid brunching with an old friend. [Notch Brewing], Don’t mind if we do! Crab & Pancetta Chowder, FTW., Our bar manager Sean is a lover of brunch...and Americanos. "If you want to impress your bartender the next time you’re out for brunch, forget the bloody or mimosa and ask for an Americano."

Eater Boston's #BreakfastWeek:, #TBT to summer days on the patio., #TriviaTuesday. You know the drill., Mentally transporting ourselves to warmer climates with the Grapefruit Gimlet., Tomorrow, we will be serving brunch from 11am – 4pm for our "Maple Syrup Brunch" fundraiser. A percentage of proceeds will benefit Groundwork Somerville, so check out out special menu for details!, Sour on Valentine’s Day? Brunch with us tomorrow, the only way we know how!, This Monday, we will be serving brunch from 11am – 4pm for our "Maple Syrup Brunch" fundraiser. A percentage of proceeds will benefit Groundwork Somerville, so check out out special menu for details!, Always in a Smuttynose Brewing Co. kind of mood. Happy Friday, kids!, Sour never tasted so good. 

Well Done Boston's guide to Valentine's Day, singles-style:, Hot cocktails warm our soul. || The North Remembers, Gorging on the Hot Fried Chicken tonight because #FatTuesday., Going sour for Valentine’s Day! Join us for “My Sour Valentine Brunch” this Sunday:, UPDATE: We're closed tonight for a private event, but come see us tomorrow after the snow storm dies down!, After the party it's the after-party. See you tonight, kids!, In our happy place. Snackin’ on Deviled Eggs at the bar. #TGIF, No beetin’ around the bush. It’s #ThirstyThursday. || Salt of the Earth  - gin, yellow chartreuse, house-made beet kvass, cava, After-party! Join us on Saturday night after Extreme Beer Fest (2016)., Do not disturb. Very important meeting with our friends., "Anti-Valentine’s Day Events in Boston 2016" via Boston Magazine. The Indo is going to get real sour:, Can’t wait to celebrate Valentine’s Day, Indo-style! Join us for our “My Sour Valentine” brunch next weekend:, New year, same amazing brunch || Beet Salad, Double trouble., It’s chilly out there, Somerville. Warm up with a spicy Spit Hot Fire! #ThirstyThursday, If love leaves a sour taste in your mouth, we have a liquid cure that doesn’t involve Love Potion No. 9, Once you dive into the Seafood Ravioli, you’ll be hooked. (Get it?), “Santa's Little Helper” always makes for a better Monday. 
Port Brewing Co / The Lost Abbey], Now THAT’S a brunch spread. (credit: @laureneilzaa), Old Union is ready for her close-up. #TGIF, null, null, Cocktail level = strong. Come meet our new friends!, Greens on point. || Pear & Apple Salad, Cheers to Monday. || Tröegs Independent Brewing “Mad Elf”, Brunchin’ on a burger. All is right in the world!, Drink up before it’s gone! Catch the Cedar & Spruce on special – house-infused gin, Becherovka & fresh citrus. #TGIF, Always eat dessert first. Especially when it’s the new Crème Brûlée., Oh you fancy, huh? [Anderson Valley Brewing Company], Pretending today isn’t Monday. Half-price oysters at the bar!, Donut ask us to share., Dinner is served, Indo-style. [Hot Fried Chicken], Kentucky Buck yourself into #ThirstyThursday. You can thank us later., 2016 prediction: Even more Crab & Pancetta Chowder consumption., Gather ‘round your friends tonight for #TriviaTuesday., A little afternoon refreshment. [Snapdragon - gin, lime, lavender honey, cardamom, ginger beer], Happy New Year’s Eve! Kiss 2015 goodbye and ring in the New Year with us, Indo style., “May the road rise to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face. And rains fall soft upon your fields. And until we meet again, may God hold you in the hollow of His hand.” It has been an honor to be on your team. Thank you Ken., We’re still in holiday feasting mode. We’re open and ready for brunch! (cred: @whatccsaw), Merry Christmas! We’re closed today celebrating with our loved ones, but come see us tomorrow for brunch., Merry Christmas Eve from The Indo fam! We’re closed today and tomorrow, but come see us for brunch this weekend., Plan accordingly because we’ll be brunching on New Year’s Day! We’ll also have the Hoppin’ John special for $8 and dinner from 4pm-11pm., You know the drill!, Decisions, decisions., The feeling is mutual. We will always love you, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project. 

#TBT (Credit: @kyunker), Pulling mussels from a shell ♩ ♪ ♫, All the stockings were hung in the pub with care., Join us today for Holiday Stroll in Union Square! We'll have specialty cocktails to get you in the spirit (get it?) such as:

-Cedar & Spruce: infused gin, Becherovka, fresh lemon

-Fireside: rye, Eight Bells Rum, port, chocolate bitters, scotch expression

Info here: https://unionsquaremain.org/2015/11/2015-union-square-holiday-stroll/, Espresso whipped cream atop our cocktails, please!, Spring, summer, winter, fall. The Grapefruit Gimlet is always on point., Thanks to all of our friends that gathered with us to say goodbye! Thank you for giving us Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project, Dann & Martha. Via The Boston Globe:, One, two, three reasons we love #ThirstyThursday. 
(Photo cred: @mir_omar), Join us tonight as we toast Dann & Martha and everything we so love about Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project., Join us this Sunday for Holiday Stroll in Union Square!, Monday. Half-priced oysters. You. Here. Now., Winter is coming. The North Remembers is making us feel all cozy (and ready for some serious Game of Thrones binging)., BRB, catching up with old friends., FACT: We can’t be friends if you don’t like Mac ‘n Cheese., null, null, “I feel bad for people who don’t drink. When they wake up in the morning, that’s as good as they’re going to feel all day.” 
-Frank Sinatra, Welcome to Union Square, Workbar!, Shaping up to be a pretty awesome weekend. 
[Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project], Post-Thanksgiving boozing because why not?, Happy Thanksgiving from The Indo fam! We’re closed today, but we’ll see you tomorrow with regular hours., Wishing everyone safe Thanksgiving travels! We will be closed tomorrow celebrating with our loved ones, but are back open just in time for the weekend., Winter is coming. And Well Done Boston is into our hot cocktails. #Cheers!, null, null, Our "Cafe Branca" warms the soul. Via Zagat, "10 Warm Cocktails for Cold Nights."

https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/10-warm-cocktails-for-cold-nights, Getting in our greens before the overindulging begins. 
[Pear & Apple Salad], Weekends were made for the Perfect Pal., Put on your best beer pants. We’re having a MEGA Tap Takeover today/tonight with Founders Brewing Co., Some like it HOT. 

[Hot Fried Chicken], Oh, you think you’re wicked smaht? Get here for Trivia Tuesday and show us what you’ve got., Prepare yourselves. 29 brews. This Friday night with Founders Brewing Company:, Take advantage of the Union Square Farmers Market while you still can! Then, come visit us afterwards. Awesome shot of fall's bounty from @gabazors., It's been a long week. You deserve a Grassfed Cheeseburger. [River Rock Farm], Throwing down beets. 
[Salt of the Earth – gin, housemade beet kvass, yellow chartreuse, cava], Welcome to the neighborhood, Juice Union!, Belly up to the bar! Half-price oysters tonight because MONDAY., null, Weekends here consist of brunching on maple bacon donuts. Photo cred: @andthreebears., Don’t make us choose. Just don’t. [Café Branca, Bijou & The North Remembers], "What Your Favorite Boston Bar Says About You" via Thrillist. #NailedIt

"You’re a pro and you prefer to keep things mellow. You’ve lived near Union before it was cool to live near Union, but you still share The Independent with newbies. You sometimes wear funny intellectual T-shirts.", Hello, peanut butter banana pudding, you beautiful thing., Feasting on fall delights. You could say we’re a little hungry., Thanks to everyone for helping us celebrate Halloween! So fun displaying all the pumpkins throughout the weekend. The twins from The Shining won our carving contest!, Happy Halloween! See you tonight, guys and ghouls., Diving into the Seafood Ravioli like there’s no tomorrow. Yes, it’s that good., This weather calls for a Café Branca (house-infused espresso whipped cream included)., Tonight we carve pumpkins and drink Founders Breakfast Stout and Liefman's Goudenband. Join us., Join us tonight for our pumpkin carving contest! The winning team (as judged by our staff) will receive a $40 gift certificate and all pumpkins will be proudly put on display in the pub throughout Halloween weekend! Details here: https://www.facebook.com/events/1487908791513120/, Halloween cocktails are here! 🎃 Enjoy them all week long to get in good "spirits" for $10 each. Left: La Telaraña (spicy pepper-infused tequila, espresso liqueur, creme de cocao, cayenne syrup, cream white chocolate spider web). Right: Bobbing for Apples (sailor jerry, all spice dram, hellfire shrub, cinnamon syrup, apple cider, lychee eyeball)., This Wednesday, we’re challenging you to a pumpkin carving contest! Whether you opt for a traditional jack-o’-lantern theme or design an intricate spooky scene, your pumpkin will be reviewed by the staff and the winning team will receive a $40 gift certificate., On Sundays, we brunch. Hot cider cocktails included. [The North Remembers], Lighting up the weekend. See you tonight!, You are so beautiful to me ♪ ♫ ♬ [Bijou] 
#ThirstyThursday, Face, meet Pressed Cuban Sandwich., null, Trivia. Tuesday. Let’s go, kids!, Cheers to the weekend! Grab a Grapefruit Gimlet and enjoy the last weekend on the patio., Moosabec Mussels for DAYS., Looking forward to Somerville Local First's Harvest Fest this weekend! We'll be serving up our famous Crab & Pancetta Chowder tomorrow, so come join the fun. 

Tickets + info: http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/2214284, Fall’s bounty has arrived. [Pear & Apple Salad – grilled endive, spiced walnuts, local chevre, lemon vinaigrette], New fall cocktails comin’ atcha! Check out the Pears Brosnan and enjoy the last of the patio before it’s gone on October 19th., Veggies + alcohol? Sign us up! Via Eater Boston's #CocktailWeek, our Salt of the Earth with house-made beet kvass:, Things are looking pretty spooky over here. #Halloween, Summer’s last, loveliest breath. Still time to enjoy the last few moments of patio weather!, Yeah, we know how to brunch. Grilled grapefruit + honey drizzle, #FTW. See you this weekend, friends!, Just some light reading at the bar., Craving some Hot Fried Chicken on this chilly Monday afternoon., Things to look forward to this weekend: Bloody Marys on the patio. (Unless Hurricane Joaquin tries to ruin our plans.), Take us to Shandy Shores, on the double [mezcal, Campari, husk cherries, citrus, Allagash White]. #ThirstyThursday, Oysters, meet face., Crab & Pancetta Chowder on a cloudy day., Nothing wrong with a little Monday fun-day!, Fluff is life. The rest is just details. "Beyond the Fluffernutter: Try These Fluff Menu Specials This Weekend," via Boston Magazine:, What the fluff?! Stop by tomorrow and feast on our Fluffin’ Tart in all its glory [Granny Smith apples and caramel inside a Fluff-filled pastry $8]., Weekend forecast: fluffy fluff with a chance of fluff. Grab our Piña Fluffada this Saturday in celebration of Fluff Fest! [rum, pineapple juice, crème de coconut and Fluff - $11], Bad news: it’s officially fall, so al fresco dining will soon be gone. Good news: the patio will be here until October!, This is what we train for, people! Fluff Festival is this weekend and we’ve got three specials coming your way including Fluff Fries [sweet potato fries topped with candied bacon and drizzled with Fluff -$8]., Shuck, yeah! Half-priced oysters at the bar tonight., It’s National Cheeseburger Day and our last Friday lunch service, so get it while you can!, This #ThirtyThursday, we’ve got our eye on the Snapdragon cocktail [gin, lime, lavender honey, cardamom, ginger beer] and we're ready for Pity Party in Union Square! BYOSelf-deprecation., We want to listen to you, but all we’re thinking about is Steak Frites., Boston Magazine checks in to see "What's New at the Independent" in their "Best of Boston All-Stars" series:, Think you can beat us? It’s #TriviaTuesday, so join us in the pub!, Fall weather is nearly upon us. And nothing quite warms us up like the Crab & Pancetta Chowder., Never forget., Kentucky Buck your way into #ThirstyThursday., Get ‘em before they’re gone for the season! [Lobster Roll], One, two, three reasons why we love tonight. Plus trivia in the pub!, A big THANK YOU for voting us "Best Pub Food" in Scout Somerville's #ScoutsHonored2015 people's choice awards! 

http://issuu.com/scout.mags/docs/ss_sepoct15_master/23?e=14872311/15252083, Happy Labor Day! We’re open with regular hours today, so come swing by and soak up the last of patio season with us., Fork it over! Lunch now is served on Fridays and we’re ready to usher in the long holiday weekend. [Sirloin Salad], Just another day in the life. #ThirstyThursday, L i n g u i n i.  C a r b o n a r a. Yup, it’s as good as it looks., We found the Perfect Pal to welcome September with us., Have your veggies and eat them too! [Organic veggie plate], Grapefruit Gimlet, you’re looking all sorts of delicious. #TGIF, The perfect accompaniment to your #ThirstyThursday. 
[Cheese plate], That moment when you ask yourself where summer went. Soak up every last ounce with us!, Danger. Deliciously good Fish & Chips ahead., Don’t be shellfish! Half-price oysters at the bar tonight., Rollin’ into the weekend, lobster-style., Pitcher perfect weather on the patio today!, If looks could kill. [Peanut butter banana pudding], TONIGHT! Grab your pals and join us for the “East Coast vs. West Coast Punk Rock Brew Tour.” Trivia will be cancelled tonight but will be back on regular schedule again next week., Going up on a Tuesday! Tomorrow, we’re hosting the “East Coast vs. West Coast Punk Rock Brew Tour” spearheaded by Smuttynose Brewing Co. Awesome giveaways t-shirts, glassware and more!, Fire + cocktail = Ignite Fest, Love all things Indo? Catch us on Instagram @TheIndo for all the latest happenings!, Eat. Sleep. Patio. Repeat., Caught you staring. #ICYMI, we’re now open for lunch on Fridays! [Grass Fed Cheeseburger], Come celebrate Elyse with us tonight at 6:30pm! #Cheers to you, Somerville Beat., Mark your calendars for August 18th! We’ll be hosting the 2015 “East Coast vs. West Coast Punk Rock Brew Tour spearheaded by Smuttynose Brewing Co. Giveaways throughout the evening including t-shirts, glassware and more!, Weekend vibin’. TGIF!, The Kilauea's Wrath has #ThirstyThursday written all over it., We’re teaming up with Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project to host the official launch party for the new Double IPA, Hopfenpop! Join us tonight at 6pm, friends:, Tomorrow is one of our absolute favorite food holidays. Come sip, slurp and sup your way through #NationalOysterDay with us in true Indo fashion!, Your Wednesday just got a whole lot prettier. Join us for the launch of Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's new Double IPA, Hopfenpop!, Fun Fact Friday: Mikkeller tastes even better on the weekend., Thanks for the art out front @sadibaybee! We’re now open for lunch service on Friday, so plan accordingly., Hump day must-have. [Asparagus and grits with cheddar cheese], Pulling mussels from a shell. Who’s hungry?, Aw, shucks. Half-priced oysters at the bar tonight!, #ICYMI, now you can lunch with us on Fridays! Not a bad way to kick off your weekend, if we don’t say so ourselves. #RoastPorkSandwich, The Terry Cruise is calling your name. Ahhhh, time to cool down for a refreshing #ThirstyThursday., TONIGHT at 6pm, we’re hosting an “Emergency Throwdown” with Smuttynose Brewing Co. that you just won’t want to miss. See you there!, Only a few days left to pledge your allegiance! Vote for us in Scout Somerville's “Best Pub Food,” “Best Place to People Watch” and “Best Late Night Haunt” categories!, This Wednesday, Smuttynose Brewing Co.is popping up with us for an “Emergency Throwdown.” Your favorite seasonal sips will be there + one lucky winner will score a VIP brewery tour. Details:, The Indo is all aglow.
#datenight #summercocktails #nofilter, Eat your heart out, Somerville. We’re NOW OPEN for lunch on Fridays!, Let’s boogie. It’s #ThirstyThursday and John Funke starts spinning at 10pm!, Well Done Boston goes “Behind the Bar” with our very own Bar Manager, Pat Foley. Check it out:, Vote for us in Scout Somerville's “Best Pub Food,” “Best Place to People Watch” and “Best Late Night Haunt” categories! http://scoutsomerville.com/vote-2/, A haiku about our Mac & Cheese:

Yes yes yes,
Yes yes yes yes yes,
Yes yes yes yes., It's that time of the week again! Pubside 9pm, #ICYMI, we’re now OPEN for lunch on Fridays!, Patio weather at its prime. Let’s do this, Friday! #Summer, It takes two to tango. #ThirstyThursday, Scout Somerville has included us in their “Scout’s Honored” list! Vote for us as your favorite Somerville-area business in the “Best Pub Food,” “Best Place to People Watch” and “Best Late Night Haunt” categories. Vote often and share the link with friends through July 25! http://scoutsomerville.com/vote-2/, Trivia Tuesday snacks await you. #MortadellaDeviledEggs, Boston Common Magazine recommends springing for some of our Hot Fried Chicken in honor of #NationalFriedChickenDay:, Happy Fourth of July! We’ll be closed today in observance of the holiday and will be open again tomorrow. Celebrate safely, friends!, Kicking off the holiday weekend with our friends. We’ll be closed tomorrow for the holiday and are wishing everyone a safe and Happy Fourth of July!, We can’t find anything to complain about when there’s Sangria in front of us. #Repost from @jpompose., Dear Pork Belly, get in our belly. #belly #foodporn, It’s ON! Like if you’re ready for #TriviaTuesday tonight., The Maximilian Affair is a little taste of awesome on this gloomy Monday. #fact, Poppin’ bottles and takin’ names. Craving a bottled cocktail on this fine Friday afternoon! #Somerbliss, We’re always in the mood for French Onion Soup! #TBT and #repost from @musteatboston., Only a few days left to get out the vote for Boston Magazine's #BurgerBattle. Vote for our sister restaurant, Foundry on Elm:, TONIGHT! Join us for the launch of SoMe Brewing Company LLC  in Massachusetts. From 7:00pm – 9:00pm, we’ll be tapping four brews including the Whoopie Pie (Milk Stout); Apostrophe IPA; Goldie Lox (Imperial IPA); and, Templeton Sound (Saison)., Detoxing from the weekend with some delicious Asparagus Soup. #Closeup, All dressed up and ready to dig in. #chickenandlettuces, We’re getting our cocktail game on in preparation for the weekend. #ThirstyThursday #CocktailsOnFleek, Get out the vote! Help our sister restaurant, Foundry on Elm, get to Boston Magazine's #BurgerBattle. Just two clicks here:, Join us one week from today as we host the official SoMe Brewing Company LLC launch party in Massachusetts! From 7:00pm – 9:00pm, we’ll be tapping four brews including the Whoopie Pie (Milk Stout); Apostrophe IPA; Goldie Lox (Imperial IPA); and, Templeton Sound (Saison)., Cold, rainy days have us craving Hot Fried Chicken. #foodporn, Help our sister restaurant, Foundry on Elm, get to Boston Magazine's #BurgerBattle! Only two quick clicks to vote here:, Burrata so nice, you’ll thank us twice. #somerbliss, Tonight’s the night! Join us at 5pm as we celebrate the official launch of von Trapp Brewing in Massachusetts. #craftbeer #somerville, It's what's on the inside that counts. #clamfritters, #ICYMI we’re hosting the official launch party for von Trapp Brewing in Massachusetts! Mark your calendars for this Wednesday at 5:00pm. Vienna Lager and the Golden Helles Lager will be on tap. #craftbeer, We’re excited to announce that we’ll be hosting the official debut for von Trapp Brewing in Massachusetts! Yes, THAT Von Trapp. Join us at 5:00pm on June 10th for delicious Austrian-style lagers on tap that you won’t want to miss. #craftbeer, Decisions, decisions. See you this weekend, kids!, Help our sister restaurant, Foundry on Elm, get to Boston Magazine's #BurgerBattle! Only two quick clicks to vote for the Foundry Burger here:, Hump day calls for the Grassfed Burger. Just try to resist. #score, Who’s joining us tomorrow for Taste of Somerville? Grab your tix and partake in great food and a great cause:, Seek refuge from the rain with half-price oysters at the bar tonight. #theindo #oysters, #ICYMI, our segment with NESN's Dining Playbook will re-air tonight at 9pm! Here’s a sneak peek of our Hot Fried Chicken:, Tomorrow morning at 9am, we’ll be featured on NESN's Dining Playbook! Don’t forget to tune in (or set your DVR accordingly)., Basking in all of the glorious sunshine. See you this weekend! #patio, Second Fiddle cans? Yeah, it's pretty math..., Terry Cruise, you’re looking mighty fine. #ThirstyThursday, If our Braised Pork Belly is wrong, we don’t want to be right. #foodporn #dinner, Spring, on a plate! Fresh Roasted Beets, ready for eating., TONIGHT! At 7pm, we’ll host “Mosaic Night” with Tröegs Brewing Company & Green Flash Brewing Co. We’ll be tapping Scratch 177 Mosaic IPA and Mosaic Session IPA for $7.50 each. Admission is complimentary and the breweries will be giving out souvenir glasses!, Listen up, kids! Tomorrow we’ll be hosting “Mosaic Night” with Tröegs Brewing Company & Green Flash Brewing Co. At 7pm, we’ll be tapping Scratch 177 Mosaic IPA and Mosaic Session IPA for $7.50 each., We are eternally grateful for those who have served our country. #MemorialDay, On 5/26 we’ll be hosting “Mosaic Night” with Tröegs Brewing Company & Green Flash Brewing Co.! We’ll be tapping Scratch 177 Mosaic IPA and Mosaic Session IPA for $7.50 each with complimentary admission, so come join the fun!, Memorial Day Weekend is finally here and it already looks pretty glorious! #theindo, #ThirstyThursday, meet the new Kapuna Kane! If you love pineapple or cinnamon, this puppy is for you. #cocktails, It’s almost that time of year! We’ll be participating in the Taste of Somerville again this year on 6/3! Tickets + info: http://www.tasteofsomerville.com/, Where are you thinking tonight? 
You should be here playing team trivia with us every Tuesday @ 9pm!, Dear Roast Pork Sandwich, get in our belly! #dinner, NESN's Dining Playbook is here with us shooting some of our favorite dishes to nosh on before, during and after the game!, It’s not easy being green, but it sure tastes good to us! #onthemenu #asparagus, Summer is officially here!  Serving up blue skies and brunch 'til 4pm!
#theindo, UPDATE: As of today, the patio is officially open for business. Welcome, spring! #theindo, “10 Must-Try Somerville Restaurants Right Now” by Zagat. (We couldn’t agree more.), This #ThirstyThursday calls for our new bottled cocktail. #theindo #spring, Once you meet our new Seafood Cassoulet, you’ll be hooked. #foodporn #theindo, Just a few of our favorite things + it’s #TriviaTuesday. Get here! #theindo, It’s a “Maximilian Affair” Monday. Love tequila and grapefruit? This drink’s for you., Bloodys + brunch = the perfect weekend combo. See you this weekend, friends! Instagram via: @foodfortheband., null, Introducing, the Salt of the Earth! Housemade beet kvass, gin, yellow chartreuse and cava. #thirstythursday #justbeetit, Two simple ways to our heart (and taste-buds)., We’ve got a hankering for some Hot Fried Chicken. You can thank us later! #foodporn, Sunshine + seasonal sips are out!, When in doubt, go with your gut. #Repost via Instagram from @alexisfndenava #brunchsohard #fbf, You know the drill. #thirstythursday #zoubisoubisou, From May 4 – May 10, we’ll participate in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer and will serve up our Strawberry Rhubarb Tall Cake ($8) along with The Sweet 16 mocktail ($6). All proceeds will benefit the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute!, Do we even need to say it? Get here for #TriviaTuesday tonight and win big. #theindo, This dreary Monday calls for half-price oysters at the bar. #thankuslater, Quite the brunch spread! #Repost and #FBF from @anne_frankenstein via Instagram:, You are getting thirsty, verrrrrrry thirsty. #theindo, Summer can’t come soon enough! Check back here for patio updates in the next few weeks. #theindo, Trivia. Tuesday. Think we can stump you tonight? #itson, Good luck out there today, runners! We’re rooting for you, Boston. #bostonmarathon, Weekend brunch plans? We’ve got you covered, Somerville., Thursday = cocktails + your favorite tunes from John Funke starting at 10pm! #theindo, Does dinner get any better than the Crab & Pancetta Chowder? We don’t think so., You know what today means! #TriviaTuesday is ON. #unionsquare, Come catch all the #OpeningDay action with us this afternoon. Go Boston Red Sox!, Weekend snacks are served. #MortadellaDeviledEggs, The countdown is on. In one hour, we'll be tapping the kegs and pouring Ithaca Beer Co.'s Cayuga Cruiser, Flower Power and Cranbretty delights. 

Wet your whistle with Ithaca's latest release:

CAYUGA CRUISER
4.2% traditional Berliner Weisse. The wort is left overnight in the kettle to naturally sour on its own.  Tart, acidic, bone dry, super refreshing., The Organic Veggie Plate is where it’s at, folks! #springeats, TONIGHT: Join us from 7-9pm as we tap Ithaca Beer Co.'s Cayuga Cruiser, Flower Power and Cranbretty brews. 

#BeerMe, EVENT ALERT: Tomorrow from 7-9pm, we'll be teaming up with Ithaca Beer Co. for the release of their Cayuga Cruiser.

Be among the first to taste Ithaca's new Cayuga Cruiser with refreshing tart flavors. We'll also be pouring Ithaca's Flower Power and Cranbretty., Thanks for the shout out, Improper Bostonian Magazine! Go pick up a copy to see our beautiful Hot Fried Chicken:, Today is #NationalBeerDay and #TriviaTuesday at The Indo. Join us for two of our favorite things!, Founders Brewing Company is tapping their barrel of KBS with us tonight at 6pm! Don’t miss it, beer lovers:, You won’t wanna miss this one, kids! On April 6, we’re teaming up with Founders Brewing Company to host an exclusive annual release party for their rare KBS brew. Details:, Is that a glimmer of spring we see? We’re ready for the weekend and have a Smuttynose Brewing Co. on hand., Fun fact: We serve up Housemade Maple Bacon Doughnuts during Saturday & Sunday Brunch. #droolworthy, On Monday, April 6, we’re joining forces with Founders Brewing Company to host an exclusive annual release party for their rare KBS brew. Details:, Meet you at the bar! Oysters are half-price at the bar tonight which makes this dreary Monday slightly more bearable., Our #FridayFavorite is our Crab & Pancetta Chowder. #onthemenu, We’re thirsty for Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project. What else is new? #thirstythursday, The Beet Salad, Organic Veggie Plate or Moosabec Mussels? Decisions, decisions. #unionsquare, We’re gearing up for #TriviaTuesday. Grab a seat and join us, won’t you? #unionsquare, Friends, come celebrate spring with us and Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project this Sunday at 3pm! Think Pretty Things prizes, music from DJ John Funke and more. Details:, Mac ‘n Cheese + Notch Brewing = a happier Monday for everyone., See you tomorrow night for #SaisonDay! Bring your best beer pants for the after-party. #extremebeerfest, Our fresh Beet Salad has us ready for spring more than ever., Who’s ready for #SaisonDay? We’ll also be tapping Allagash Brewing Company's rare Century Ale at 10pm. See you there!, Happy #StPatricksDay! We’re serving up celebratory cocktails including the Chicory Stout, Ceangoba Toddy & The Brotherhood:, “Grab a massive Irish breakfast, lamb sandwich or bangers and mash with a whiskey-laden drink to warm you up while you celebrate this St. Patrick’s Day. The Irish-themed fare starts at 11 a.m.” Thanks Metro Boston and see you tomorrow, everyone!, The weekend is calling. We saved you a seat:, Friends, meet “The Brotherhood.” We’ll be serving up this bad boy on St. Patrick’s Day, so make sure to join in on the festivities., You know you want to. #MoosabecMussels = dinner. #onthemenu, You know what day it is, so do we really have to say it? Fine, twist our arm! #TriviaTuesday, Join us on 3/21 for the Extreme Beer Fest Saison Showcase. You won’t want to miss it. Thanks Chris Hughes! 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/10/five-cant-miss-craft-beer-events/, Stay tuned..., Your Friday feast awaits you. #theindo, #TBT to cocktails and candy hearts over Valentine’s Day weekend. Instagram captured by: @marzard, Linguini & Clams = our happy place. #dinner, Just For Tonight: Smokey Cauliflower Pot Pie!, It’s #TriviaTuesday, kids! Let the questions begin. #theindo, Oysters are half-price at the bar on Monday nights. #treatyoself, Tonight's specials are ready... Maitakes, shiitakes, blue oysters and yellow oysters with Madeira butter and garlic toast. 

Grilled Broccoli, hollandaise, duck fat bread crumbs., Now #OnTheMenu: Hot Fried Chicken. The perfect kick start to your weekend., In case you haven’t heard, we’re #CouchTrippin tonight with #Lagunitas! Join us at 7pm, as we pour special brews such as New Dogtown Pale Ale and Scare City #2, a rye cocoa porter.

Info: https://lagunitas.com/couchtrippincontest-2015/, Surprise, Somerville! We’re #CouchTrippin with #Lagunitas tomorrow at 7pm. We'll be pouring special brews such as New Dogtown Pale Ale and Scare City #2, a rye cocoa porter.

Info: https://lagunitas.com/couchtrippincontest-2015/, Things you should be eating: Mortadella Deviled Eggs. #theindo, Come on down and give our Lil' Shrimp Po'boy special a try!, To share, or not to share? Our Mac & Cheese has us asking every single time., On another cold winter day, our Crab & Pancetta Chowder really hits the spot. #unionsquare, Zagat stopped by to see our new menu items. Check out the slideshow:, "There's no reason to stay cooped up inside your tiny apartment this coming weekend." That's right, BostInno!, Forty degrees and partly cloudy? Come have brunch with us and we can daydream about spring together!, So, you heared Grimm Ales made an amazing double IPA called Tesseract? Those rumors were true and we just tapped it!, Trivia is BACK and better than ever, friends! We’re open and ready to rock. #TriviaTuesdays, Thanks to Boston Magazine's Chris Hughes for taking the very first look at our updated look + menu!, Happy Presidents' Day! We have power, hot food and cold beer! Come on down., We've got your blizzard brunch needs covered, come on down!, We are officially open! Come down and hang out with us. John Funke is welcoming us back at 10pm with his funky jive., null, No Trivia at the Indo Tonight Kids! We're closed for renovations. Until we return, you can get your trivia fix next door at Brass Union. Geeks Who Drink tonight at 8pm!, Thanks to everyone who came out tonight. It's our last one for just a small little bit of time. We'll be back next week with an updated menu, and some improvements to our space. Renovations won't take long but we promise you'll love us even more when we're back! See you next week., Happy Super Sunday!!! We are ready to kick off brunch at 11 a.m. with our house Maple Bacon donuts and more! 

To get you warmed up for some football, we'll be showing the kitten bowl at noon and the puppy bowl today at 3 #gopats #superbowlsunday #animalsrule, We are open for brunch! Nothing beats cabin fever than eggs and bloody mary's. Come on down!, The Independent will be open at 11 a.m. tomorrow with a limited lunch menu! And snowballs. Lots of snowballs!, Friends, Somervillians, and anyone with cabin fever: 

We will be open at 5 p.m. tonight, and there WILL be trivia from 9-11 in the pub!! #snowpocalypse #snowdays #newenglandweather, The Independent will be open today at 5pm!
Come treat your cabin fever blues with us., Not many left and so much better than hot chocolate at home. Beat snowmageddon with a North Coast 2013 Cellar Reserve Old Stock Ale tonight., Would a new beer from the awesome dudes at Jack's Abby called Sour Beer Project #1 interest you? Only way you'll get to try it outside the brewery is at this here Valentine's Shmalentine's event., null, null, Tonight's dessert special - strawberry bread pudding!, Trivia starts at 9! Our own Mike Emerman hosts - come on down and show off your smahts!, Please forgive us for the lack of online draft list updates. There's been too many good beers to drink! Updated... http://theindo.com/menus/draft.php, The pub has opened early for all you Patriots fans. Come watch the game with us!!, Thanks Sibling Connections!! We look forward to seeing you again!, null, Brunch is ON! Get your fill of our Hoppin' John special to bring you good luck in 2015!, Only a few more hours left in 2014!!! Party with us and DJ John Funke 10-2!, Tomorrow: Get ready to put on your party hats for New Year's Eve at the Indo!! Kiss 2014 goodbye with John Funke spinning the tunes all night long. The fun(k) starts at 10!, We hope you all enjoyed your holiday festivities! We are back at it for brunch from 11-4, and the Pats are on at 1! #sundayfootball #maplebacondonuts, Merry Christmas to all!
We will be closed Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.
We hope you have a wonderful and safe holiday and will see you on Friday!, Brunch kicks off in less than 2 minutes!! Get your brunch on with  mimosas and a little football. Happy Sunday, friends!, Brunch Special!
Mushroom, Spinach and Gruyere Cheese Omelet, Happening now!!, Banana bread pudding is in the oven, and it smells delicious!! Starting tomorrow, it's on our Specials menu so hurry in for your fill before it runs out! #bananarama #breadpuddingtodiefor, Good luck, Jingle Bell runners!!! Celebrate with some brunch at The Independent ! 11am-4pm, Save the date!, Don't forget about this party tonight!!, Marcelo's Meatloaf is back on the menu - a perfect dish for the weather!! Tonight we're serving it with Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes & gravy #yum, Preparing some delicious brunch items today! Our omelette special is packed with broccoli, bacon & Swiss, and we've got our famous maple bacon donuts too! 
Brunch 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., Freshly tapped:
Evil Twin Femme Fatale Noir!
100 percent brett fermented black ipa
Fucking delicious, Check out this event next week!!, Don't forget about this party tomorrow!!! 
Sexy glassware included!

https://www.facebook.com/events/748126105279789/, Tuesday means Trivia in the pub from 9-11! Come show off your smarts and win some prizes!!, Pat will be opening the pub tomorrow at noon to make your brunch dreams come true!! The restaurant side will open at 11. #eggsbenny #omeletteoftheday, Starting this Sunday, we will be opening the pub for brunch at noon!  #gopats, null, We hope everyone had a lovely and relaxing Thanksgiving! We're  back at it, ready to cater to your food and beverage needs!! Happy Friday, friends!!, It's cold. It's snowy. You have tomorrow off. Need I say more? Kitchen open til 11, bar til 1 a.m. See you soon!!, Today is the one year anniversary of trivia at The Independent, so come on out and celebrate at 9 pm! 

Following trivia, your host Mike will be showing A Very Special Episode of "Jeopardy!" from when he competed on the game show in 2001. This is NOT to be missed!!, Today's omelette special: peppers, onions, ham & cheddar
As always, Maple Bacon Donuts, Mimosas & Bloody Marys!
Brunch 11-4
Happy Sunday, friends!!, Lamb chops, turkey pot pie, and West County Cider - these are just a few of our seasonal specials this evening! Get in, get fed, and leave happy! #saturdaynightspecials, Tonight's cider special is the Mcintosh by West County Ciders. This local cider hails from the Northern Berkshires in Massachusetts. Mcintosh is sweet, light and refreshing. Get it while it lasts!, We've got Trivia at 9 p.m. in the pub tonight! #smartypants, Juan's cooking up a special omelette just for you - mushrooms, spinach & Swiss! Brunch is ON from 11-4. Happy Sunday, friends!, Mark your calendars!!, Happy Friday, friends! We've got a killer Turkey Pot Pie on our specials tonight, complete with a cranberry-orange relish. It's time to get into the holiday season!, Tuesday means it's Trivia night in the pub from 9-11! Come on in and show off your smarts!, Pumpkin Cheesecake is back!! #yum, Happy November, Friends!! Let's welcome that snow with some brunch!! Hot coffee, great beer and Maple Bacon Donuts are on deck from 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Cheers!!, Tonight is perfect for a pint or two! Come on in and get cozy with a Maine Lunch or any of our 32 draft beers.  Kitchen is open til 11, bar until 2 a.m., It's official! Our annual pumpkin carving contest kicks off on Thursday 10/30! 
Carving starts at 7, and DJ John Funke spins at 10. Jack's Abbey will be here pouring beer out of the infamous pumpkin!!

Not a bad pre-Halloween party!, Half priced oysters at the bar tonight!, Our annual pumpkin carving contest will be held on Thursday 10/30 in the pub! Jack's Abbey will be joining us for a night of beer and fun! We provide the pumpkins - you provide the artwork!

More details on the way..., Sugar Blood Jinx hits the pub at 10 tonight! Get in early for a good seat!!, Honk fest is getting warmed up right outside our doors!! #brassbands #honkaway, null, Wow! New Twin Peaks episodes and now this! , John Funke spins from 6-10, then Sugar Blood Jinx hits the "stage" with some tunes until 1 a.m. Get your dose of groovy tunes here!, Brunch is ON!! Maple bacon donuts, french toast & eggs benny will brighten up this dreary day!, Brunch until 2 p.m....Then it's Fluff Fest 2014!!! We'll be featuring a pumpkin cheesecake, topped with toasted fluff & a fluffer-nutter cocktail!, Tonight!, Grassroots Brewing's (offshoot of Hill Farmstead Brewery) collaboration with Anchorage Brewing Company: Arctic Saison is available here and now! #theindo, This says it all!, Only a few patio days left! Get your fix while the weather lasts! #decklife #autumnweatherdining, Warm up with our special shortrib & gnocchi! #theindo, Congrats to team Indo on another softball win today!!, A Super Moon & a Harvest Moon all in one night?? You'll have a great view from our patio!! Dinner until 11 p.m. and drinks until 1 a.m. Happy Monday, friends!, The Rock & Roll Yard Sale is steps away from our door! It starts at 11, and so does our brunch! 
Pats play at 1....Not a shabby September Sunday!!, We'll be showing the Packers/Seahawks game tonight! #footballseason #thursdaynightfootball, Tonight's special cocktail is named for our dear and newly engaged friends!  The Couple Who Drinks Together is made with house infused strawberry Dolin Blanc, Aperol and soda. Even if you don't have someone to drink it with, you'll enjoy it!  #theindo #truelove, You've stayed in the city this weekend, we've stayed in the city this weekend, shouldn't we be together?  Join us for live music in the pub at 10 and general memory making all night! #theindo #sugarbloodjinx #livemusic, Tonight we have a homemade chocolate pudding, made with coconut graham cracker crust & whipped cream!  #dessert #theindo, Enjoy brunch after you visit the Union Square Farmers Market! #eggsbenny #maplebacondonuts 11-4pm, Sugar Blood Jinx will be in the pub tonight 10-1! #theindo #sugarbloodjinx, Join us tonight from 7-10 p.m. for the East Coast vs. West Coast Punk Rock Brew Tour!! DJs will be spinning hardcore and punk rock all evening. 

The featured breweries are - Smuttynose, Lagunitas, Sierra Nevada, Sixpoint, & Pretty Things

A nice little midweek party to roll you into the weekend!, Thursday night!, Tonight's special rosé is from the Loire Valley and the rare Pineau d'Aunis grape.  It's got citrus, it's got pepper, it's got minerals and it's here, get it while you can! #theindo, We got John Funke on the ones and twos until 10 then Sugar Blood Jinx live in the pub until 1!  #theindo #johnfunke #sugarbloodjinx #livemusic, We have wild Massachusetts Striped Bass on special tonight!  #theindo, Happy Friday, friends!

Tonight is perfect for patio dining, and we just put our delicious Pork Belly Cassoulet on special. So kick off your weekend with us and enjoy!!, Start your day off right with our maple bacon donuts!! #brunch 11-4, A beautiful bunch of heirloom tomatoes were just delivered! Our special salad is made with local heirlooms, mozzarella, basil, balsamic & evoo. 

Add that to a gorgeous summer night, and you've got some serious patio dining! #decklife, The New England Patriots are playing tonight at 7:30!! We WILL be showing the game #footballseason, House made key lime pie is on special tonight!  Get it while you can!, Wes' Fried Chicken dinner is looking especially tasty tonight! Join us for dinner and enjoy some #decklife while it lasts!, Happy Friday, friends!! Our deck is ready to meet all of your dining needs this evening! 

Tonight's cocktail special is B!tches on the Patio - strawberry & basil infused tequila, st. germain, & lemon, It's perfect patio dining tonight! Try our delicious Sea Bass special, with roasted red peppers, capers, broccoli, carrots in a white wine sauce!, Bitches on the Patio is back! Made with strawberry & basil infused tequila, St. Germain & fresh lemon juice, it's the cocktail that's fun to order AND drink!  #decklife #summerdrinks #tequila, Tonight's special bluefish is turning some heads!  Served with carrots, broccoli, green beans and a lemon wine sauce, it's everything you could want on this summer night!, Word has it that we've got the best AC in town! Once it cools off, hang on our lovely patio for dinner! #decklife #summerheat, Sugar Blood Jinx hits the Pub at 10 p.m.! 

, We have a new rosé tonight!  The Chatéau La Moutéte Grande Réserve has raspberry notes and a well-balanced, crisp, dry finish.  (Great to sip on while you're sitting on the deck!)  #summerdrinks #decklife, We would never make you choose between brunch and sleeping in!  Brunch is served 11-4!, It's a beautiful day to check out the Union Square Farmers Market! Swing by for some brunch after you shop! #maplebacondonuts #decklife, It's Friday, and that means late night meatball (or veggie) subs from 11 p.m. -  2 a.m.!!, Our Big Bourbon Tea is quite the hit tonight - bourbon, honey, lemon & iced tea! #decklife, #cocktails, #summertime, DJ John Funke on the 1's & 2's until 1 a.m. Get the funk down here for some tunes!!, What these guys said...

, Our Radio Flyer cocktail special is back!  Made with gin, house rosemary syrup, fresh grapefruit & Aperol; it will cool you down on this ferociously humid day! #decklife #theindo #summerdrinks, Pair our special BBQ ribs with a Pretty Things Fringe Union and you've got yourself a nice little summer evening.  #decklife #summerdrinks #prettythingsbeer, Lunch is back!!! Get it while it lasts!, Sugar Blood Jinx is tearing up the pub until 1 a.m.!!

, Tonight's cocktail special is the Siren Song, made with strawberry infused rum, lime and simple syrup.  The strawberries are local and the drink is both pink AND refreshing!   #decklife #summerdrinks #theindo, Now that the sun has decided to join us, enjoy a mimosa on the deck!  Happy 4th of July weekend!! #decklife, You like it hot? We've got the patio. You like it cool? We've got AC. Pick your poison!!, Before you head to the fireworks, swing by for a bite to eat! We've got our ever popular pulled pork quesadilla on special tonight. Happy (almost) 4th of July, friends!!, The World Cup is on and so is the sound!  #worldcup #theindo, Tonight we have a special rosé by the glass from Austria!  It's Gobelsburger Niederosterreich Cistercian Rosé and for those of you who don't speak Austrian, it's light, crisp & more mineral than fruit.  #decklife #summerdrinks #rosé #theindo, This is the kind of day decks are made for! #decklife #theindo, The deck is OPEN!! Join us for some patio dining & our cocktail of the day - Ghetto Red Hot (pimms, house made wild strawberry syrup, Narragansett, & lemon), Tonight's special Bruschetta is perfect to enjoy on the deck! #theindo #decklife, Picture yourself sipping a Blueberry Dorchester on the deck.  #sundayfunday #decklife #summerdrinks, We're gearing up for the Riverside BBQ Series in just a few hours! Tickets still available!!, We.Have.Brisket., Lots going on this weekend!

First off, this is the first weekend of our deck being open! That's right folks, the patio is OPEN and in full swing!!

Secondly, we'll be at the Riverside BBQ Series in Brighton on Sunday from 4-8! We'll be featuring pulled pork tacos & mac 'n cheese for your bbq-ing delight. Our friends from Abigail's Restaurant will be providing some tasty treats too! 

Come on down for music, drinks and (of course) food! This is a kid and dog friendly event, so bring the whole family down!

Summer has arrived, friends!!, The patio is buzzing!! Enjoy your Wednesday, friends!, It's day three of Deck Life over here and we have a gin, lemon and St. George Raspberry Liqueur cocktail in the deck's honor and a new rose by the glass!  #decklife #summerdrinks, The deck is open! Happy almost summer!, Sugar Blood Jinx just hit the stage! Live music on Sundays 10-1 a.m.!, The patio is open for business!! It's official - summer finally made it to Somerville!!, Our Father's Day gift to you is outdoor seating.  The patio is open!, The sun is coming out and you should too!  We have vegan sweet potato soup and our old time favorite, Big Bourbon Tea on special!, We'll be heading to the Taste of Somerville in just a few hours! Be sure to check out our table and try out some of our snacks!!, Don't forget about trivia at 9!, Our drink special tonight is the Radberry Lemonade and with a name like Radberry, do we need to say more?, Mark your calendars!!!, Tonight at 9:30 Sugar Blood Jinx plays live in the pub!, Cure your Sunday blues with our Pork Belly Cassoulet!, Maple bacon donuts & mimosas all brunch long!! 11-4, Tonight in the pub! This is going to be a lot of fun!, Pork Belly Cassoulet and Marcelo's Meatloaf is on special tonight, so shake off your umbrella and grab some comfort food!, It's National Negroni Week! Our twist on this classic cocktail is the 33 1/3 - gin, dolin blanc, aperol, & orange bitters, "If nature had been comfortable, mankind would never have invented architecture." - Oscar Wilde.  

No, our patio isn't up yet.  Yes, we have AC., We have Butternut Squash Soup on special tonight and John Funke spinning at 6!, We'll be representing at the first BBQ of the series!! June 22nd...get your tix!, Try our cocktail special: The Frida, made with tequila, jalapeno syrup and citrus.  If you like it, we just may put it on the menu!, A beautiful day for some Indo brunch!! 11-4 pm, Trivia at 9, fun all night!, The long weekend has ended but summer has begun over here with our new cocktail menu!!, Night Shift Brewing's Grove just hit our taps! This farmhouse style ale has refreshing grapefruit and lemon notes.

More of an IPA fan?? Have no fear, Ithaca Beer Co.'s Flower Power is on!!

Cheers to partying before the weekend!!, Trivia starts at 9!, Nothing announces summer like a fried clam plate!  Our special tonight is Ipswich clams with french fries, onion rings and slaw!, somdog is in full swing!! Check out the music, games and fun!! We'll be serving brunch until 4 p.m. Happy Sunday!!, Our late night menu is in effect until close!  We have meatball and "veggieball" subs!, Happy Porchfest!  We hope that everyone is enjoying the day and the music!!, Honey BBQ Ribs are only one of our delicious specials tonight!! Get 'em while they last!, Join us along with our friends from Tröegs Brewing Company at 7 p.m. tonight! We'll be featuring their Scratch Series like the 140 (session IPA) and the 138 (dubbel), plus a few more! Go Bruins!!!, Tonight's cocktail special -- Grasshopper's Delight, made with Plymouth gin, muddled cucumber & mint, simple syrup & salt -- is just one sign that spring is finally here!, Open windows and honey ribs with peanut slaw, what more could you want on this beautiful Sunday night?, Happy Mother's Day!! The windows are open, the sun is shining, and it is such a fitting day to celebrate the moms out there! Cheers!!!, Welcome summer with our chicken salad sandwich and CBC Flower Child IPA!  'Tis the season!, Get your late night snack on! Meatball subs (or veggie) every Friday and Saturday night 11pm - 2 am, Craving dessert? All week, we will be donating money from our dessert sales for breast cancer research...So indulge your sweet tooth for a fantastic cause!!, The windows are open and the beer is flowing!!, Trivia with Mike tonight at 9!, Happy Cinco de Mayo!! It's a night for tacos, margaritas and Palomas, and we've got them all!, Yes, we are open to the public by now and yes, we have St. Louis Style Ribs with watermelon and grilled corn!, The Independent will not be open for brunch today. We are hosting a private party. Get out and enjoy the day! Then come see us at 4pm when we open to the public!, Happy Derby Day!  We're making Mint Juleps and showing the race!, Meatball Sandwiches are happening here every weekend from 11pm until close! We have "Veggieball" Sandwiches too!, Trivia starts at 9! Get in early to grab a seat & show off your smahts!, Ramps are in season for just a short time! So try our Pan Roasted Pollock special (cherry tomatoes, spicy linguini & ramps!), This rain is a step in the right direction! Before we know it, summer will be here. In the meantime, stay dry with us! Brunch is 11-4 Saturdays & Sundays, Still hungry after our kitchen closes? No problem! We'll be serving late-night subs from 11 p.m. - 2 a.m. every Friday and Saturday nights!, Happy Friday!! Enjoy this gorgeous weather & kick off the weekend with a pint or two. 

Our Duck Confit appetizer special comes with sweet potato puree and watercress!, Mystic Mary of the Gael has just been tapped, and John Funke will be on the 1's & 2's at 10 p.m...Not a shabby Thursday night!, Brunch ends at 4, but our Wormtown Be Hoppier is on all night!, Our kitchen closes at 11, but that doesn't mean you can't get good late night eats here! Every Friday and Saturday we will be selling meatball and veggie subs (grinders for you western Mass folk). 11 p.m. - 2 a.m. Yum!!, The sun is shining, the Red Sox are playing, and the beer is flowing!!! What more do we need??, Wormtown Be Hoppy and Grey Sail's Flying Jenny just hit the taps! Just a little somethin' to get you through til Friday ;), The Lunch is tapped! Grab it while it lasts!!, It may officially be spring, but today calls for comfort food!! 

We've got plenty like our Short-rib Potato Gnocchi or a hot bowl of Cream of Mushroom Soup. 

Hopefully, soon we can bid adieu to 40 degree weather!, Join us for trivia with our very own Mike Emerman at 9!, Good news everyone!  We are now carrying Gunpowder Rye, Eight Bells Rum and Ingenium Gin from New England Distilling!  Here's a great article about the distillery and the awesome things they do:, The windows are open and the spicy pulled pork sandwich is on special.. what more could you want on a Saturday?, Spring is in full swing, and we've got just the beer list for YOU! Try the Mayflower Spring Hop, CBC Spring Training or the Night Shift Viva Habanera!, Trivia tonight (and every Tuesday) at 9!, Tonight's special cocktail is the Yellowjacket, made with tequila, house-made cayenne pepper simple syrup and fresh lemon juice!  Trust us when we say you won't be shooing this Yellowjacket away!, Celebrate this weather with our special cocktail: the Radio Flyer, made with gin, grapefruit, house-made rosemary syrup and Aperol.  It's one Radio Flyer you won't outgrow!, It's nearly 50 degrees out and we just tapped the Night Shift Viva Habanera...are you ready for some heat??, Once your pillow fighting subsides, you should try our special boneless pan-fried smelt.  Served with a carrot-raisin salad, it will give you the energy you need for a rematch!, It's International Pillow Fight Day! Brunch is the only way to prepare for some feathers flying, and we're the place to be. Bonus to whomever walks in with a pillow ;), Marcelo whipped up a special Vegetable Ravioli for the evening, and DJ John Funke is spinning tunes tonight! What more can you ask for?, Trivia tonight at 9!, Tonight's special cocktail is a Michter's Old Fashioned, made with Michter's American Whiskey, sugar, Angostura and Orange bitters.  Why mess with perfection?, Our special carrot cake is worth braving the rain tonight!, Brunch Time! 
Rainy day + Bloody Mary = ___________ (you fill in the blank), Happy Wednesday, friends!! It still feels like winter so come down and cozy up at the bar tonight!, It's Tuesday and that means trivia in the pub at 9!, Finally! We tapped the Blaugies/Hill Farmstead "La Vermontoise"!  If you're as excited as we are, you should be here!, We are selling Stone Enjoy By IPA from now until April 20th!  Come get this freshest of the fresh double IPA while you can!, Our specialty wine tonight is Michael David Ancient Vine Cinsault.

~This light, earthy red is abundant with fruit and complexity. Planted in 1855, this wine is produced in small batches and is sustainably farmed!~, Tasting starts at 7, trivia at 9!, Cure your hangover with our special Lamb Sandwich, made with Irish cheddar and roasted garlic puree, served with fries!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're open at 11a.m. Irish Breakfast, Boiled Dinner, Guinness, Murphy's and more!, Join us tomorrow for a special St. Patrick's Day menu!  Doors open at 11am!!, Paddy's Weekend is in full swing!! Cheer on the runners today and celebrate at the Indo with some brunch! 

Murphy's Irish Stout was tapped last night and our Guinness is always delicious!

Sláinte, runners!, "A soothsayer bids you beware the ides of March". ~ Brutus from Julius Caesar Act 1, scene 2, 19

Come on down to Union Square for the 2,058th anniversary of Caesar's death! We'll be providing these specialty cocktails all day:

Bloody Caesar - a twist on your favorite Bloody Mary
Friends, Romans, Countrymen - bourbon, milletti, house made cherry syrup, fresh lemon
The Marc Antony - gin, house made rosemary syrup, aperol, grapefruit, St. Paddy's Day weekend has begun! We'll have loads of Irish fare coming your way. To start, tonight we've got a Corned Beef & Cabbage Dinner! 

Sláinte!, The dinner bell is ringing! Come join us for a pint and a bite to eat! Happy Wednesday, friends!!, Lunch is back!  Get it while you can!, Sixpoint is here handing out some awesome tastes while we pour three of their beers on draft!  And if you're here for trivia, they've been kind enough to donate some swag for prizes! Trivia starts at 9!, The sun is awake and so are we!  Join us for brunch, the restaurant opens at 11 and the pub at noon!, There's a lot going on in the pub right now!   Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project and Beer Historian Ron Pattinson are here for the release of TWO new Pretty Things beers and a book signing!

Come try the Grampus and the 1955 (a historical recreation!)  "The Homebrewers Guide to Vintage Beer" is available for sale and signing by Ron Pattinson, along with Pretty Things glassware!   

... and we got John Funke playing us through!, What a beautiful day!! Come join us for brunch and celebrate the start of spring! 

Also, our friends at Pretty Things are having a book signing event with some special new beers at 4 p.m. Hooray!, Join us for trivia tonight at 9!, null, It's the last day of Twin Peaks Week!  Come by and sip on our cocktail special: The White Lodge, made with gin, Becherovka, grapefruit and agave nectar, while we play the whole series with the sound on!, Twin Peaks Marathon!, null, This is what's happening today in the pub. Twin Peaks marathon starts in one hour. Union Square Donuts - get 'em while they last!, All good things must come to an end.  Sadly, our Twin Peaks Week is over after tomorrow, but please join us for a Twin Peaks marathon with SOUND ON starting at 11am!, Tonight's TP cocktail is Fire Walk with Me (mezcal, honey, cynar and black walnut bitters). The fire spinners are warming up in the front parking lot - performance will start soon! Hurry in!, We can't wait to check out the latest from Pretty Things - next Saturday, March 8!, Tonight's TP cocktail is the Yukon Sucker Punch. "You have to watch these. They sneak up on you.", It's Thursday and Twin Peaks Week continues!! Join us tonight with DJ John Funke, spinning records in the Black Lodge!

Our cocktail special of the evening is Laura's Diary (Light Rum, Velvet Salernum, Lime Juice, Lots of Angostura Bitters & a Dash of House-made Grenadine).  

And, as always, Cherry Pie is on the menu for dessert!, Congrats to our winners of the Twin Peaks costume contest!! Thanks for coming out tonight, and check back with us tomorrow for DJ John Funke spinning in the Black Lodge!, Thanks for coming out and partying with us. The One Armed Man is in full swing at the DJ booth!! <3, your Indo staff, null, Can you guess which Twin Peaks characters these guys are?, We've just tapped the Maine Beer Company's Lunch!! It's an American style IPA with hints of citrus, fruit and pine...Perfect with any meal or on its own!, null, Tonight is our Twin Peaks costume party with TJ the DJ! (Dress to impress!)...I hear we've got Agent Cooper behind the bar, making a special guest appearance!, Twin Peaks inspired trivia starts at 9!, .. and did we mention the home made cherry pie?, It's day two of Twin Peaks Week! Tonight we have a very special Twin Peaks inspired trivia night and a delicious cocktail special: Dr. Jacoby's Tie-Dyed Dream with light and dark rum, pineapple and lime juice, simple syrup, triplum, blue curaco and grenadine!, null, Laura Palmer & Audrey Horne on the bar tonight!, Happy Monday! Twin Peaks Week kicks off tonight with drink specials and a special Bookhouse Boys DJ set. Yuengling is in the house! And if that isn't enough, oysters are half price tonight when you dine at the bar!, Tomorrow!!, Twin Peaks Week starts tomorrow but tonight we have a little teaser with our cocktail special: The Man From Another Place.  Made with cognac, blood orange juice, triplum and simple syrup.  Are you as excited as we are??, Spend your Saturday with us!  Our special cocktail is the Bling Bling, made with Plymouth, Dolin Blanc and house-made pickled carrot!, Brunch!!! 11-4...get your mimosas on!, Tonight we welcome Coronado Brewing to Massachusetts! We'll be pouring Islander IPA, Hoppy Daze Belgian Style IPA, Mermaid Red and Jurata Baltic Porter. Join us tonight in the pub from 6 - 8 pm., It's official!!, Join us for Stump Trivia tonight!  The game starts at 9!, Celebrate the long weekend with us! We've just tapped Hello, My Name is Sonja from the Evil Twin Brewery! This Imperial IPA has hints of citrus and a whole lot of flavor...get it while it lasts!, Join us for Sunday brunch!  The restaurant AND pub side are both open!, Get your brunch on before this snow hits!  We've got french toast, maple bacon donuts and mimosas!, Happy Valentine's Day! We've got some lovely specials to share with you this evening:

Seared Sea Scallops - lemon, avocado mousse, frisee salad

Pan Roasted Maryland Striped Bass - fingerlings, asparagus, spicy jalapeno butter, Come on, brave folk! Bundle up and truck through this winter wonderland to visit us...we've got Hot Port on special tonight, along with our famous Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup combo!, It's Tuesday night and that means trivia with our very own Mike Emerman at 9:00!  Let the games begin!, Tonight's special cocktail by Maceo, Maceo, Maceo is the Maserati!  Made with vodka, Aperol, fresh citrus, simple syrup, orange bitters and soda water., It's a perfect day for brunch! Come on down and get cozy & toasty! 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., null, Don't let a little snow keep you in, especially when dessert hangs in the balance! Wes has whipped up a delightful Fried Ginger Cheesecake, with warm peaches and caramel...and yes, it really IS as good as it sounds!, We just tapped the Bantam Rojo, made with heirloom apples and aged with sour cherries and peppercorns.  You have to try this!, It's not snowing yet!  Join us for some pre-storm snacks and our special cocktail: the Keystone Bridge, made with blended malt scotch, yellow chartreuse, a spiced rum float and orange bitters!, Tonight we're pouring a lovely, 100% organic, hand-harvested sparkling wine from the Loire Valley - pairs beautifully with oysters (which happen to be half price tonight if you're dining at the bar!), If you're looking for a place to watch the game, look our way!  The sound is on and we have delicious football-appropriate specials like Korean Style Chicken Wings and Chili Nachos!, We'll be showing the Puppy Bowl in just 10 minutes!! Can you handle the cuteness??, Wow! Super Bowl Sunday...Groundhog Day...lots going on! Better start your day off with a little brunch! 11-4, Tonight's cocktail creation -

Year of the Horse: Orient Apple vodka, house-made lotus green tea syrup, Canton ginger, lime

Trust us, you won't order just one!, Brunch is in full swing and the only thing missing is YOU! Come on down and grab a Bloody Mary or Mimosa, while you snack on a delicious Irish Breakfast!, Happy Friday!! Come on down and kick off your weekend with a Spicy Pulled Pork Sandwich and a pint...Wormtown Hopulance and Notch Valley Malt are just a couple of the local beers we have on draft!, Our very own Courtney and Sean will be DJing tonight at 10...come on down and party with us tonight!, It's pretty chilly out there! Come warm up with a bowl of our Chicken Vegetable Soup and a Hot Toddy (or two!). You're weekend is almost here, friends!, The pub is open!  Come by and have brunch with Amelia!, The weekend isn't over yet, and it's a perfect morning for the Tumblehome, our house cocktail made with absinthe, triplum, West India Orange Bitters and coffee!, Get your weekend started at the Indo!  Tonight on special we have chili with sour cream and cheddar cheese to warm you up!  And if you're being healthy in 2014, try our Arugula salad with grilled chicken!, It's Thursday. It's cold. So, swing on down to the Independent and warm up with some eats and drinks! We've got a new cocktail we're trying out this evening:  Aphrodite In The City - Rye Whiskey, Benedictine and Aphrodite Bitters. Give us your feedback...if you like it, we'll be putting it on the menu this week!, Cure your post-game blues at The Indo!  We got nachos, we got wings, we got John Funke on the ones and twos!, Did we mention the special cocktail?  Our Red Hook Toddy has rye, Punt e Mes, Maraschino Liqueur and clove, served warm!  What more can you ask for on this kind of night?, A surprise snowfall warrants a warm drink!  Come try our Tumblehome, made with absinthe, triplum, coffee and orange bitters, served with almond biscotti!, Happy Friday!  We hope you'll come visit us tonight and try our cocktail special: The Ghost of Davy Jones!  Made with Monkey Shoulder Scotch, fresh lime, Peychaud's Bitters and Ginger Beer!, Calling Somerville's best & brightest! Tuesday Night Trivia in the pub tonight at 9pm., Monday Night Oyster Party! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, Come by and pay Amelia a visit, the pub is open for brunch till 4!, We are open for brunch!  Come enjoy some French Toast (or if you have a healthy New Year's resolution, try the fresh fruit and yogurt!), We are open for dinner!! Come on down, grab a bite to eat and cheer on the Pats!!! Happy (soggy) Saturday, friends :), We're sorry to say that we will not be open for brunch tomorrow!  We're getting some minor face work done and are planning to open the doors at 5 pm.  Please visit our friends over at Precinct Bar for brunch 11-3 and come by The Indo for dinner!, The weather is starting to warm up, so come on down and join us tonight for dinner!

Our cocktail special, the Venetian Vortex, is made up of St. Germain, Aperol, fresh lemon & sparkling wine!, Our friends from Smuttynose will be here tonight and we hope you will too! Lots of beer and lots of fun!, You're halfway through the week! Come on down and join us for dinner and a cocktail...Tonight's drink special is: Hot Blooded - a Hot Toddy made with Dewar's Highlander Honey Scotch & Cherry Heering. It's sure to warm you up!, DJ John Funke is spinning tonight! In addition to that, we've got some old classics on the TVs for your viewing pleasure!, It's Sunday and the sun is out, walk our way and have some brunch!  The pub is open too!, Tonight we have a Panko Crusted Stuffed Pork Chop with roasted apples and West County Cider sauce, green beans and mashed potatoes.  Pair that with a glass of the West County Ginger Gold Cider and you've got a nice little meal!, There's still time for brunch! Come for the Quinoa, stay for the Maple Bacon Donuts! (Served until 4), Friday night is Soul Nite! , Our comfort meal of the night is the Linguini Carbonara, made with egg, pancetta, shallots and pecorino romano., Warm up from the inside out with our special cocktail: Hot Blooded.  Made with Dewar's Highlander Honey Scotch, Cherry Heering, honey and of course, served warm!, It's nasty out there, but it's toasty in here! Come on down and watch the Bruins and Celtics tonight...we've got a Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup special that will warm you right up!, Start the new year right with our Hoppin' John special: made with rice, ham and black-eyed peas.  It's tastes good AND it's good luck!, Don't miss out on brunch today!  We're serving it for another hour and then heading right into our dinner menu!, It's warm & cozy and we're having loads of fun! John Funke is playing records later on and we'll be open until 2:00 am! No cover., Half price oysters tonight!, It's raining and we have Hot Port.  You should be here., For those of you who don't know: John Funke will be providing the soundtrack for 2014 this New Year's Eve at The Independent! (10pm - 2am) And if that's not enough Indo for your holiday, we are opening for brunch on Wednesday 11am-4pm!, It's Sunday. It's gloomy. So come on down and join us for brunch! 11-4, Sure, there's no snow, but at least the Smuttynose Winter Ale is here!, It's cooling down out there so come warm up with our Cream of Potato Soup special!, Brunch is ON from 11-4! Come down and grab a mimosa or Bloody Mary, or why not one of our house made Maple-Bacon Donuts?? Yes, they really are a good as they sound :), Happy holidays, friends!! The Independent will be open for New Year's brunch this Wednesday from 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. So come join us if you want to nurse your hangover or continue the party into 2014!, We have a special Molten Brownie tonight!  Served with Christina's vanilla ice cream and whipped cream!, Cheers Runners! Make your way to the Independent after the Jingle Bell Run for a pint of Harpoon IPA!, Tonight's stand out special: Garlic and Herb Roasted Chicken with Spatzle, Haricot Vert and a mushroom cream sauce.  You've got to try it!, We just tapped the Bear Republic Racer X Double IPA!  Come and get it while we have it!, Channel your inner Ginsberg and try our special cocktail: The Beatnik, made with Amaro Averna, bourbon and port., What's a little snow?? Strap on your boots and head over for some Hot Port! It's just the thing to warm you up tonight!!, We know you've worked up an appetite with all that shoveling! Come down and get your brunch on! 11-4, Cozy up and hunker down with us, during the first storm of the season! While your at it, try one of our Hot Toddies...it's secret recipe will warm you right up!, You're halfway through the week!! Reward yourself with our duck confit special and a pint of the freshly tapped Ballast Point Sculpin! Happy Wednesday, friends!, We do believe this wintry evening calls for some hot mulled wine! Grab a glass and show off your smarts with trivia, starting at 9 tonight!, The Cisco Island Reserve Saison has been tapped!  Get it while it's here!, It's a perfect day for Maple Bacon Donuts and a Hot Toddy.. join us for brunch (or just donuts) 11am - 4pm!, Soul by Stefan tonight 10-2!, 'Tis the season for warm drinks!  Come try our Warm Mulled Wine; made with Beaujolais, Cassis, spices, cardamom and citrus peel!, The weekend is nearly here, folks! Hang in just a little bit longer. In the meantime, pop down to the Indo for some food and drinks! Our cocktail special tonight is named after our lovely server and birthday girl, Erika! 

The Velvet Sweetheart - Strubbe Ichtegems Grand Cru Flemish Sour Ale, Cynar, and Crème de Violette, Staying true to the holiday season, Wes has whipped up some Gingerbread Cheesecake!!! Come on down, warm up, and indulge your sweet tooth!, Guess who is working in the pub tonight?! Surprise guest bartender! Also, trivia starts at 9!, Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight., Brave the rain and try our delicious Croque Monsieur!  Served warm with ham, Gruyere, Bechamel and fresh greens., Give the left-overs a break and come enjoy our Pan Roasted Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon special; served with linguini and cherry tomatoes!, Our Turkey Pot Pie has been getting rave reviews!!! Couple that with our Cranberry Collins (gin, fresh cranberry, citrus and soda) and you'll feel like Thanksgiving is already here!, Tonight kicks off our Trivia Tuesdays!!! Come on down, show off your smarts, and win great prizes...It all starts at 9 p.m.!, Half priced oysters all night when you dine at the bars!, The Patriots are on and so is the Jack's Abby Smoke & Dagger!, Join us for brunch from 11-4, and try a Bloody Mary that will knock your socks off!!! (GO PATS!!!), We've been lucky enough to receive a reserve IPA from Cisco! The Madaquet IPA is an American style that hails from Nantucket, and boasts citrus notes with pine hops! Sounds perfect for a beautiful autumn afternoon...Cheers!, West County Cider just dropped off a real treat! "Ginger Gold" is available by the glass or the bottle. Try this dry, tart, and elegant cider, made with apples grown at Apex Orchard in Shelburne, MA!, It sure is cozy here tonight! From the kitchen: Turkey Pot Pie (with Seven Acres Farm turkey), Tomato Soup with Grilled Cheese, and Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon. From the bar: The Black Lodge (charred applewood bourbon, brown sugar and stout), Mayflower Brewing Company Autumn Wheat, Wormtown Brewery Hopulence!, Oyster Party! Half price oysters when you dine at the bar tonight!, It's official: the pub is open for brunch! Come see Amelia in the light of day and enjoy our house made Bloody Mary!, Spend your Saturday with us!  We have a schmaltz caramel and apple stuffed pork chop on special and a brand new fair trade Shiraz from  South Africa!, We're open for brunch and it's a great day for a mimosa (or two!), This just in: Pan Roasted Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon is on our specials tonight! It's served with Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes, in a lemon white wine sauce. 

If you're wanting something to warm you up, we've got a Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup special as well!, Marcelo's Meatloaf is back! Warm up with some comfort food and our hot cocktail special:

Lucy Explains Herself - made with Sweet Lucy Cream Bourbon, Coffee and House-made Whipped Cream!, Come on down for a midweek pint (or 2!)...Worry not, friends, Friday is right around the corner!, Warm up with a pint on this brisk evening! We've got Mayflower Autumn Wheat, Founders All Day IPA, and Cisco Island Reserve Madaquet IPA, just to name a few! 

Happy Sunday, friends!, Baseball is over but basketball is just getting started!  Cheer on the Celtics with us tonight and enjoy a Founders All Day IPA!, This just in, tapped and ready for your drinking pleasure!, Happy Halloween! Join us for a haunted evening full of...well beer, cocktails and food. Okay, so it's not that scary...But come on down and show off your costumes tonight. Word has it there is an abundance of candy here!, What's better than apple crisp on a chilly autumn evening?? Enjoying it while you watch Game 6 of the World Series, that's what!!!! Come down and cheer on our boys as they take on St. Louis. GO SOX!!!!, Pumpkin Carving Party!, We'll be carving pumpkins in the pub tonight from 8pm - 11pm! We hope you'll join us!, We'll be playing the World Series with sound!  Come cheer on the Red Sox with us!, Where will you watch the Red Sox WIN tonight? We hope you'll join us. We'll have the game on all six TVs on with sound!, It's a good day for a Founders Breakfast Stout. We open for brunch at 11:00., null, Fall beer extravaganza! Now pouring Sixpoint Autumnation, Ommegang Scythe & Sickle, Mayflower Autumn Wheat, Shipyard Smashed Pumpkin, Cambridge Brewing Great Pumpkin Ale, Hacker Pschorr Oktoberfest., Dear God our new pastrami sandwich is good. House cured & cut thick, with swiss cheese, grainy mustard and sauteed onion. We'll put an egg on it too, if that's your thing., Counting down to game 1 of the World Series!!! We'll show it in both bars, with sound...So get in early and grab a good seat! GO SOX!!!, We've got new cocktails for you to try! Stop by tonight and sample The Black Lodge, San Miguel, or a Mezcalian Stallion!, We know you've been out Oktoberfesting all day long...so come by for a relaxing pint and bite to eat! Football all day long...Happy autumn everyone!, It's a great day for a mimosa and a breakfast sandwich!  Brunch is served 11-4 (Mimosas, all day!), Escape the Head of the Charles madness with some Union Square fun! We have a Beer Steamed Pastrami Sandwich on special and 32 delicious drafts to pair it with!, Join us tonight for some baseball and dinner! We've got some delicious specials headed your way this evening:

Fresh from the Gulf of Maine, our Red Ocean Perch dazzles the menu in a white wine sauce with peppers, onions, olives, green beans & smashed potatoes! 

Also from Maine, our Steamers come with a spicy tomato truffle butter!, Come cheer on the Sox with us and enjoy some Oktoberfest!  We have the Hacker Pschorr by the half and full liter!, Come try our cocktail special: the Mezcallion Stallion!  Made with Vida, fresh citrus, Triple Sec and Tobasco., Today is as good as any to squeeze in some patio dining! 

Tonight's oysters are:

Wareham (MA), Malpeque (PEI), and Pepperel Cove (PEI)

Our lovely cheese plate boasts delicious flavors such as:

Ford Farm English Farmhouse Cheddar (UK), Spring Brook Tarentaise (VT), and Jasper Hill Bayley Hazen Blue  (VT), The weekend is nearly here! Kick it off early with our cocktail special: 

The Hearst - Plymouth Gin, Carpano Antica, Orange Bitters, Angostura Bitters, & Orange Peel, All day concert this Sunday...right here in Union Square!, Come down tonight and try our special cocktail of the evening "Helen of Troy does Countertop Dancing" With a healthly dose of Angostura bitters, Applejack, Orgeat and fresh lemon., Come by tonight and welcome back Our Finest Regards by Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project!  We'll be pouring on the patio if the rain clears up and pouring in the pub if it doesn't!, Today at 6pm!, These are the days patios are made for.  Last chance buckets before Fall really happens!, Our friends from Brewery Ommegang will visit us on the patio today from noon until 2pm. We'll be pouring Tripel Perfection and Hennepin, while we sample New England Farmhouse Cheddar. We hope you'll join us!, Taste the taste of victory and Smuttynose Pumpkin Ale!  Buy a pint, keep the glass!  Tonight until 10 on the patio!, The Red Sox are on (with sound) right now!  Come for the game and stay for the Smuttynose Pumpkin Ale Pint Night!, This weekend on the patio, we play host to three extraordinary breweries! Tonight is Pumpkin Ale Pint Night with Smuttynose. Saturday from noon - 2pm we'll taste farmhouse ales from Brewery Ommegang, along with a selection of New England Farmhouse Cheddar. On Sunday night, Pretty Things will be here celebrating the release of Our Finest Regards. Join us for beer, food & fun all weekend long!, Action packed weekend at the Indo! We kick it off Friday night with Smuttynose Brewery! Be here!, 80 degrees in October?? We'll take it! Extend your summer just a bit longer with dinner on our patio...The kitchen is open until 11, the bar until 1 a.m.!, Cure your sugar hangover with a Bloody and brunch! The patio is open!, Happy Fluff Day! We're serving brunch until 2pm today. After that it's the full dinner menu and lots of fluff! Fluff Nachos (trust us, they're really, really good) and this year's fluff cocktail - Mr. Peepers! BBC will be on the patio pouring coffee porter (with fluff, or course!) Come get your fluff on!, It's a perfect night for outdoor dining! Before we know it, winter will be here...let's enjoy it while we can!, Pumpkin Beer makes its 2013 season debut tonight! We're kicking it off with Wormtown Pumpkin and we've got LOADS of others on deck when you finish off this keg! Which is your favorite pumpkin beer?, It's that time of year...Pumpkin Cheesecake is on the menu! Enjoy some patio dining on this lovely autumn evening!, It's Gnome Week again! Join us tonight for a tastefully small celebration with our friends from Chouffe - there will be tiny tastes, tiny prizes and big fun!, Oooh la la! Maceo's Mezcallion Stallion is our cocktail of the evening...A twist on a traditional margarita, this drink had a dash of Tabasco to spice things up!, It's back! Our Gnocchi Short Rib special is on the menu tonight with mushrooms, shallots, braising reduction and parmesan...a delicious and hearty meal for this crisp autumn evening!

While you're at it, try the Beatnik - bourbon, averna, port, flamed orange peel, Two more hours of half-off oysters when you sit at the bar!, It's warm enough for the patio and crisp enough for our special: Marcelo's Meatloaf, served with mashed potatoes, peas and gravy, Around 70 and sunny, and that's prime patio dining if you ask us! 

Our Grandmother's Love Letters is the cocktail of the evening - with vodka, Cointreau, apricot liqueur, fresh citrus & Paychaud's bitters, The patio is open!, This rain doesn't have staying power! Come by and look for rainbows from our patio tonight!, Join us along with our friends from GrandTen Distilling and Union Square Donuts tonight from 7-9!

They are launching a collaborative pastry project featuring GTD's barrel aged almond Liqueur, Amandine. 

The specialty cocktail is called Endless Autumn with Amandine, Rye Whiskey, Grilled Peach Honey Syrup, Lemon, and Bittermans New Orleans Coffee Bitters.
 
Union Square Donuts will bring their delicious Nectarine Almond Jam Donut to the table as well! 

What a fantastic combo!, Say "Sayonara" to summer with our cocktail of the evening!

The Sayonara Summer is made with Palo Viejo Rum, Lemon Verbena, Cointreau, Citrus and Honey! Nice and refreshing on this hot September evening :), The Baxter Hayride has been tapped! Enjoy the Autumn Ale with the Autumn air on our patio!, We'll be watching the sky tonight at 11:27! Come and join us on the patio for a glimpse of the rocket!, We've got a new cocktail special available this evening: 

The Fall of Man - Bourbon, Becherovka, Cointreau, Cherry Heering Liqueur, Punt e Mes    

Also, Fried Fish Tacos are back! Come join us on our lovely outdoor patio!, It's a fine evening for some patio dining!! Come on down and enjoy these last days of summer with us!, The sun's coming out (we know it is!) and the patio is open for dinner!, Half-priced oysters when you sit at the bar!  As if you needed another reason to stop unpacking!, Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, It's a beautiful day for brunch on the deck! We open at 11!, Check out tonight's specials! 

www.theindo.com, Gathered up some fresh veggies at the Farmer's Market to use on our specials tonight.

www.theindo.com, Brunch in 20 minutes! The patio will also be open for brunch, come keep Pat & Erika company, Join us tonight to celebrate Belgian Independence Day.  Our friends from Ommegang will be here pouring their Belgian Pale Ale, Belgian Independence Day Double White, Fleur de Houblon, and Liefman's Goudenband!, Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, Patio is open!!, We will be closed tomorrow to celebrate Independence Day.  Our friends at Precinct Bar will be opening at noon, so head their way for drinks, food, and a great time!, Start your weekend early.  Join us tonight in celebrating the release of American Darling with our friends from Pretty Things! , Evan rules., Come down right now and listen to some music played by Indo alum Evan Harrison! Beers are cold and the weather is right., Brunch lovers! We are hosting a private event and will be closed for brunch on Sunday- but hope to see you all next weekend., Soft Shell Crabs are back!

www.theindo.com, Happy Friday!  Check out our new Spring Cocktail Menu.  

www.theindo.com, It has been a sad and stressful day. If you need to get out of the house and be around friends, we're here for you. We'll be opening our doors at 5pm., The East Coast v. West Coast Punk Rock Brew Tour happens here tomorrow night. There will be a silent auction to raise money for the victims of the Marathon Bombings., Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, Brunch in 10 minutes! Our windows are open, hop on over and join us., The bunnies are here! Now pouring Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Fluffy White Rabbits! It is officially spring in Somerville!, Happy Friday!!  

www.theindo.com, Monday Brunch! We're serving our full brunch menu today from 11 - 4! A portion of today's sales will be donated to Somerville's Healey School, so come on in and eat & drink for a great cause!, The place is swimming in green! We're here all day for your eating and drinking needs. Johhny O'Funke at 5pm. No cover!, St. Pat's Day at the Indo begins in one hour. We've got your Irish Breakfast, Boiled Corned Beef Dinner and, of course, a perfect pint of Guinness. Come celebrate with us. No green beer - we promise!, Celebrate St Patricks Day the Belgian way tonight as we pour Brasserie D'Achouffe Mc Chouffe tonight and serve boiled dinner!

www.theindo.com, Tonight!!, Tomorrow!, Your favorite bartender friends duking it out, with records and jokes., Come down and hear Evan Hiltunen spin some great records while sipping on Sean's famous Jungle Bird, made with Goslings, Campari, Pineapple and Lime. Great Specials tonight as well. Shake off your snow storm blues., its national margarita day  AND we have fish tacos and fried clams on the menu!   

www.theindo.com, Come on down and check out a new DJ!, This is going to be fun!!! Somerville friends - mark your calendars for April 17!, Our kitchen is closing at 9:30 tonight AND we will be closed on Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday this week. We will be making some repairs and much needed improvements to our space. We hope to see you again on Thursday!, Come on down tonight!!!, Hi friends, thanks for keeping us company in the blizzard the past few nights.  We are still open, and are planning on serving our normal brunch tomorrow starting at 11.  See you then!, We will be opening between 5-5:30 this evening.  We will have plenty of drinks for you and a limited dinner menu.  See you soon!, Hi everyone, we are still planning on opening, I am working right now on a definite time, will update you as soon as I know., We are planning on opening today, once it is safe for our staff to come in.  We will keep you updated throughout the day, as we form our plan.  Thanks!, We have decided to close at midnight tonight! Hoping to open tomorrow afternoon will keep you posted., We're still open with a limited menu. We're planning to keep the kitchen open until 10pm., We are OPEN tonight. We'll open our doors between 3 and 4 pm and we're planning to stay open as long as friends & neighbors are here (or until our scheduled closing time at 2:00 am). If you're planning to come down, please check this page or call to confirm that we're still serving. And please, walk, ski or sled in...but don't drive tonight., Brunch in 15 minutes!, Update!  Thanks to some fast work we have water back and will be up and running by 7:30- we will have plenty of drinks and a short dinner menu for you this evening.  Sorry for the confusion., Due to a water main break in the Square we will unfortunately be closed for the evening.  We are hoping to up and running for brunch tomorrow!, Maple Syrup Brunch to benefit Groundwork Somerville - Today 11 - 4!, Come hang out with us tonight- the game will be on with sound, John Funke is DJing after & tomorrow is a holiday.!, We are thrilled to be carrying West County Cider! Tonight we're pouring Reine de Pomme by the glass!, Happy New Year! Thanks to John Funke and everyone who came out last night - we had so much fun!!, Ring in 2013 with us tonight! No cover, no prix fixe. Just our regular menu, lots of specials, great music, and a little more fun than usual!, lots of new beer on draft! wild striped bass on special..  

www.theindo.com, The Independent will be closed on Monday December 24 & Tuesday December 25, we wish you and yours a wonderful holiday!, tonight's offerings.

www.theindo.com, We are having some issues with our phone lines, BUT we are open for brunch until 4, dinner until 11 and drinks until 2, come on by!, we have power and lots of specials!!

www.theindo.com, the weekend brings loads of great new beer.  check them out!

www.theindo.com, Happy Thursday!  Here are tonight's specials and our current beer menu.

www.theindo.com, Join us tonight for election coverage and $6 Ward Eights! The Ward Eight (rye whiskey, fresh lemon, and house made pomegranate grenadine) was invented for an election in Boston over 100 years ago. It continues to be our favorite way to ease the tension as we watch the election results roll in!, Hey friends! We are closed tonight. Be safe and take it easy!, This promises to be the most spectacular night of the year - half price oysters, debate-aritas, Isaac Trigger Sussman on the bar for a rare Monday night appearance...and just wait until later when the legendary Evan Harrison shows up to play all your favorite songs! Plan to stay out late tonight because we're having a party!, tonight's offerings.  

www.theindo.com, check out our new fall cocktail menu!

www.theindo.com, Debate-aritas are happening!, Come watch the debate with us tonight!, tonight's specials

www.theindo.com, windows are open, honk festival is in full swing & we have some awesome specials tonight!  come visit

www.theindo.com, Tonight's Specials.  And don't forget that we are celebrating the release of Pretty Things Babayaga starting at 6pm! 

www.theindo.com, Babayaga returns!, Fluff! This year we're celebrating with Fluffy Manilow (fluff infused vodka, house toasted coconut syrup, fresh lime) and Fluff S'more Tortes! Get over to Union Square and celebrate with us!!!, Tonight's offerings. 

www.theindo.com, Check out tonight's specials! 

www.theindo.com, perfect night for a Toronto & Duck Confit.

www.theindo.com, check out tonight's offerings.
www.theindo.com, we have some great specials and many new beers on draft tonight
http://www.theindo.com/, Happy Monday! Football on TV and half price oysters when you dine at the bar! Check out tonight's specials on our website:, Brunch & Founders Breakfast Stout.. we will be serving both at 11am come on in!, Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight! Happy Monday!, Hey Friends! The start of fall is less than 6 weeks away! What do you want to eat when the weather gets colder?!, Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, null, FYI the Swirl & Slice Farmer's Market is closed this evening.  We are open though, so come down, have some dinner and a couple of beers!, Oyster Monday!!  Half price oysters when you dine at the bar tonight!, Please join us tomorrow night to celebrate Belgian Independence Day! We will be pouring several beers from Ommegang Brewery, including the Belgian Independence Day Tripel, Hennepin, Houblon Chouffe, Duvel Single & Liefmans Goudenband., Happy Independence Day! We are closed for the holiday. Please visit our next door neighbor and sibling bar, Precinct, for your dining and drinking needs! Have a great night!, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Meadowlark IPA! Yes!!!, What a nice review! Thank you Somerville Beat!, We are very excited about the kickoff of the Swirl & Slice Farmer's Market tonight, stop by check it out then come for some dinner!, Oyster Monday! Dine at the bar tonight and your oysters are half price!, GO CELTICS! BEAT. THE. HEAT!!!, World's Smallest Toast! Today at 6:66 pm (known as 7:06 pm in some parts). We're pouring Chouffe Biere du Soleil, Houblon Chouffe and Gnomegang (collaboration with Ommegang). Wait until you see the tiny little mugs we have for you!! Don't miss the fun!, In honor of Gnome week we just tapped the d'achouffe Biere du Soleil, amber, fruity & hoppy!  Come drink a few & watch the celtics., Gnome week kicks off tomorrow! We're pouring 3  beers from Brasserie d'Achouffe - Biere du Soleil, Gnomegang and, as always, Houblon Chouffe. Tastings, hijinks & good times are planned for Friday & Saturday! Download the Chouffe app, come to the Independent and celebrate 6,666 years of enchanted brewing!, Come see us tonight at the Taste of Somerville! We're serving Fried Chicken and Mac & Cheese!!, Oyster Monday!! Half price oysters when you dine at the bar tonight!, Welcome Back Union Square Farmers Market!!!, And here it is!
, Our new website is live! Check it daily for up to date draft, oyster & cheese selections, as well as nightly specials! Thanks to Mike & Atedrake for the much needed overhaul!, Join us later tonight when the Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project crew play the music of your dreams! Our friends at Pretty Things are DJing in the pub tonight from 10 - 1! Don't miss the party! Naturally, there will be beer and loads of fun., Celtics game in one hour! Oysters are half price tonight when you dine at the bar! And it's Sean's birthday!!! Come wish him a Happy Birthday and let him pour you a beer!, It's Sarah & Teddy's last night on the bar! Stop by and say farewell. We sure are going to miss them!, Way to go Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project!, Happy Monday!! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, Cinco de Mayo! Kentucky Derby! Open Studios! So much happening today in Union Square! We are preparing for a super fun afternoon! Forecast says the sun will be out later on, so we're setting up the patio! Of course there will be plenty of Margaritas & Mint Juleps...rain or shine!, Got plans for the weekend? Here in Union Square, we'll be celebrating Open Studios and Cinco de Mayo! Hope to see you!, Soft shell crab BLT on special tonight!!, Happy Friday!! Come on down and try a Lagunitas Waldo Special- super hoppy limited release beer., Here's to another beautiful day! Tonight we're drinking Sieben, a brand new beer from our friends at the newly launched Bay State Beer Company!, What's your favorite bar music? Do you agree with this writer's list?, Happy Monday! Dine at the bar tonight and oysters are half price!, Thank you to everyone who came out to help launch Fluffy White Rabbits night! For those of you who didn't make it last night, we're pouring it again tonight! And, as with every Monday, Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar!, Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar!, null, Things are just getting started here at the Indo! Special St. Pat's Day menu all day & Pogues Tribute Band at 5pm. Happy St. Patrick's Day! , Happy St. Patrick's Day Eve! We'll serve our special St. Pat's Day menu tomorrow from 11am - 11pm. Irish Breakfast, Boiled Dinner, Guinness Beef Stew, and more. The Pogues Tribute band will be back again - starting up at around 5pm tomorrow. Please plan to get here early if you want a seat!, Join us tonight for Duvel Glass night; buy a bottle of Duvel Ale receive a unique hand painted glass.  Mike Larson from Duvel USA will be joining us to chat beer, Just tapped a keg of Green Flash Palate Wrecker Double IPA & Sean McGilloway is here to talk all things Green Flash.. Get here now!, CBC Spring Training IPA kegs are here! We're also raising money for Somerville schools tonight. A portion of the night's sales will be donated to support after school programs for the children of Somerville. Come eat & drink for a good cause!, It's Monday and you know what that means...Dine at the bar tonight and your oysters are half price! We're pouring a lovely Muscadet and it pairs beautifully with oysters! Hope to see you soon!, hello friends! the independent will be closed tonight while we make some renovations to the bar. please visit our next door sibling, precinct, for your dining & drinking needs! we'll be open again tomorrow! have a great night!, Please head to the Druid this afternoon and do what you can to support Chef Mauro and his family., Happy Valentine's Day! We are running our full regular menu tonight, along with lots of specials! Special Valentine's Day DJ set later on in the pub!, It's Monday and that means oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight! Come celebrate Valentine's Day Eve with us!, Just got in cans of Heady Topper from the Alchemist in Vermont!!!, It's the big day! Puppy Bowl VIII at 3pm! And, of course,  the OTHER big game at 6:30!! The kitchen is preparing chocolate chip doughnuts for this morning, and wings, nachos & sloppy joes for later on! Come spend the day with us! We open at 11., Just tapped Cape Ann Brewing Co Fisherman's Ale & Boulevard Chocolate Ale - come start your weekend with one of each!, Come watch the State of the Union with us at 9pm in the pub!, Open for Brunch! Mexican Chocolate Doughnuts!, Happy Holidays!!  We will be closed Saturday and Sunday, reopening on Monday, we hope to see you then., join us tonight for Duvel Glass night.  Purchase a bottle of Duvel and a pint of Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale & we will give you a beautiful handcrafted Duvel Glass, Happy Repeal Day! Tonight we feature the Scofflaw Cocktail, named for those who secretly sipped spirits during Prohibition. And it's Monday, so oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, DJ Scoot on the ones and twos starting now! Niiiiice!, Hey Folks! Evan is back on the bar tonight for another VERY rare guest bar shift. He'll be in the pub all night, so come by and say hello! John Funke will be playing tunes from 6 - 10ish too! What a night!, Do you know where your favorite bartender is?! Check out the new 'Onthebar' app...by the way, doesn't Isaac look handsome?, Happy Monday! Oysters are half-priced when you dine at either bar tonight! And Evan will be playing all your favorite songs in the pub later on. Come on in!!!, Please join us tonight for Duvel Glass Night.  With the purchase of one pint of Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale & one bottle of Duvel you will receive a special hand painted, limited edition Duvel glass.  Mike Larson from Duvel USA will also be here to chat all things beer., It's all happening tonight! Evan Harrison on the bar and Anya Kanevsky on the turntables!, Tomorrow night (Wednesday) our Old Pal Evan Harrison will be back on the bar for a very rare and very special guest appearance! Don't miss out!, Tonight we are serving a new sandwich! Introducing the Kentucky Hot Brown - roast turkey with mornay sauce, served open-faced on Winter Hill Bakery baguette, broiled until brown & crisp, then topped with bacon, tomato & mushroom. Come try one and tell us what you think!, It's Monday night and you know what that means!!! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!!, join us tonight as the clock strikes midnight and we tap a very special keg of the Stone 11.11.11 Vertical Epic Ale!

This years ale is deep amber with banana yeast, toffee malt and mild green chilies from Hatch Valley New Mexico, Congratulations Ken & David! Davis Square Theater is open! Boston Comedy Festival is happening tonight! , Thank you to everyone who came out last night for the Slumbrew, Somerville Brewing Company launch party. We had a great time and hope you did too!, Come in this Friday night! Meet the brewers! Taste the beer!, Cider Doughnuts!!! Brunch with Sarah, Sarah, Teddy & Dan starts now!, We just tapped a rare keg of Hitachino Nest Ancient Nipponia. Absolutely beautiful beer. Treat yourself to one this weekend!, The sun is shining & it's a beautiful day! The farmer's market is in full swing outside our doors & we open for brunch at 11. Come on down & say hello!, Happy Monday! As always, oysters are half price when you dine at the bar!, Open for brunch 11 - 4! Pumpkin Doughnuts and lots of great beer!, No brunch tomorrow!  We have a private event, will be opening at 4pm.  Please join our friends at Precinct for brunch., It's Monday and that means Oysters are Half Price when you dine at the bar tonight (either bar)!!, Fluff Hangover Brunch begins in 1 hour! For those in need of a hair of the dog, we've got Fluff glazed doughnuts & Fluff Cocktails. For those of you who have had enough fluff, we've got our full brunch menu with lots of beer, including super limited Smuttynose Noonan & Farmhouse Saison, Bear Republic Roggenbier and more! Just come on in for brunch! 11 - 4 today!, Don't forget this is happening today!  , Tomorrow night in the pub - come drink some beer, have fun, and support Cyclocross!, Please join us tonight & welcome one of the brewers from Boulevard Brewing in Kansas City.  He will be stopping in tonight from 6-8 to chat beer & we will be serving up Boulevards Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale, Nommo Dubbel (belgian style dubbel) as well as bottles of their Sixth Glass & No. 2 White IPA, Patriots at 7! And Oysters are Half Price when you dine at the bar tonight! Alright!, Hey Somerville! Come to the Independent!, Opening in a couple of hours! Will post again when the doors are open., We have decided not to open for brunch tomorrow. If we can open for dinner, we will. Watch this page for updates. And please be safe., In preparation for Irene, the bar is mixing Hurricane Cocktails! Tonight's specials from the kitchen include: TILAPIA with cavatappi, andouille sausage, spinach, tomato & roasted red pepper aioli; PAELLA with andouille, mussels, shrimp, saffron rice; BRAISED SHORTRIBS with gnocchi & mushroom; SEAFOOD LINGUINI mussels, clams, pollock, cream sauce, fresh linguini, just tapped the Ommegang Aphrodite Special Release, get here and try it!!, Hey Talented Cooks...we need someone to work weekends in the kitchen (garde manger). Call or stop in & ask for Jess W. if you are interested! Spread the word! Thanks!, Rainy Day Brunch! Perfect weather for a big, juicy burger with a fried egg on top! We open at 11am!, White peach & champagne glazed doughnuts!, New menu item.. Sun dried tomato & zucchini gnocchi, Braised beef ribs, dr pepper BBQ sauce, Great Specials for you tonight!  We are serving the Tuna Ceviche, Braised Beef Ribs with dr. pepper bbq sauce, Chilled Corn & Shrimp Bisque with pancetta, Pan Roasted Striped Bass with lemon morel sauce & haricot vert, Vegetarian Plate with hen of the wood mushrooms, white been mashed & sauteed mustard greens.

We have also added some new items to our menu, so get down here have a cold beer and eat some food!, Happy Wednesday, we have some delicious specials for you tonight!!  The guys are serving up a Quinoa Salad with shaved fennel, grapefruit, mint & walnut citrus vinaigrette; Tuna Pineapple Ceviche with house plantain chips; a Veg Plate with roasted hen of the wood mushrooms, white bean mashed, mustard greens & sage beurre blanc; a Fried Fish Sandwich with avocado lime slaw; and a Veg Gnocchi with zucchini & sun dried tomato white wine sauce, Happy August 1! Happy Monday! Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, Cocktail special tonight- the brass monkey- cointreau, oj & narragansett, Happy Fourth!  We will be closed today to celebrate but hope to see you all tomorrow., Maple bacon glazed doughnuts.., Beer...!!!, Thanks to everyone who came out last night to celebrate with us! We had a blast & hope you did too! Thank you Somerville for 10 exciting & wonderful years!, Oysters are half price when you dine at the bar tonight!, Brunch is happening now & we've added some new dishes to the menu - Quinoa Patty with Poached Egg & Greens, Grilled Grapefruit with Honey and, for the health conscious... HAND MADE DOUGHNUTS (served this week with Root Beer Syrup!)!!, Our old pal, Evan Harrison, will be playing records in the pub tonight. Come in for dinner & hang around for Evan's goofy music., happy father's day!  come brunch with us, enjoy the Bazaar Bizarre then pop back in at 5 & listen to John Funke spin some records.., Bruins game at 8, come down for some dinner, drinks & a great game!, It's Monday and we've got half priced oysters if you dine at the bar tonight. Bruins play at 8pm. Maceo will play tunes after the game! Come hang out with us!, Tonight we kick off Summer Sundays at the Independent with John Funke! He is just about ready to start playing records.  Come on down & join us! 5pm - 9pm., The Indo will not be open for brunch today. We are closed until 4pm for a private party. If you are hungry & in Union Square, please visit our sister restaurant, Precinct...just next door!, in honor of national iced tea day we are bringing back an old favorite The Big Baby Bourbon - johnny drum bourbon, house honey syrup, lemon & tazo iced tea, null, Hot Weather = Summer Specials...
Soft Shell Crab BLT - brioche bun, house bacon, arugula, tobasco aioli
Strawberry Shortcake with homemade buttermilk sweet potato biscuit & vanilla honey whipped cream, beat the heat!! let us cook for you & pour you some cold beers while you enjoy our air conditioning, Introducing: THe MeXiCaN HoT DaWg., Mexican Hot Dog! Bacon wrapped Nathan's Dog, Refried Beans, Pineapple Jalapeno Salsa & Chipotle Aioli on an Iggy's Brioche Roll! Teddy, Glen, Jess & Alan will make you a Mai Tai too!, Still serving up the soft shell crab blt, come get one while you can.., Getting ready to tap kegs of Lagunitas Hop Stoopid & Little Sumpin Sumpin - stop by tonight and chat with Bill Keane from the Lagunitas Brewery, Soft shell crab blt!!!!, Saturday Brunch begins in 20 minutes! Bruins game at 1:30! We're waiting for you!, Lets Snap into a Slim Jim in tribute to the Late Great Macho Man. Ooooooh Yeeaaahhh!, It's Monday! Eat at the Bar Tonight and Oysters are Half Price!! While you're here, check out our expanded Raw Bar - Little Necks, Jonah Crab Claws & Poached Shrimp!!, The Indo is Looking for diswashers.......stop in an talk with Scott., null, Happy Cinco de Mayo.. we are celebrating with margaritas, come join us!, Tonight's Specials: Roasted Beet Salad, Shellfish Platter (Jonah Crab Claws, Shrimp, Wellfleet Oysters & Littleneck Clams), Veggie Pot Pie, Grilled New Zealand Lamb Chops, Grilled Smoked Ham with Cheesy Grits, Happy Thursday!  

We have some new bottles on our menu - Delerium Tremens, Bruery Orchard White, Founders Kentucky Breakfast Stout & St Louis Gueze Fond Tradition..  

Come Drink!, Happy Monday! Eat at the bar tonight & oysters are half price! Come out and celebrate the start of spring!, Happy St Patrick's Day!  We will be serving some of your old favorites all day - lamb sandwich, fish & chips, bangers & mash, irish breakfast, corned beef & cabbage

Pogues Cover band at 6!
Guinness all day & night!, Thank you to everyone who came out yesterday for the release of Pretty Things Fluffy White Rabbits! We had a great time!, Two hours until Fluffy White Rabbits!, Happy Thursday!  Our special tonight is featuring a berkshire pig from Bachelor Hill Farm in West Brookfield, MA

We are serving an Assiette of Pork dish  with skirt steak, tenderloin, garlic sausage, carnitas, smoked ham grits & fried ear.., Tonight we are serving up marrow bone, braised shortribs & a cheeseburger all from Double J Farms in West Brookfield MA!, Tonight on special we have a burger from Double J Farm's grass fed & finished cattle.  Double J Farm is a practicing organic & Animal Welfare Approved local farm from West Brookfield MA., Happy Monday! Eat at the bar tonight & oysters are half price! We've got Wianno, Chatham & Island Creek Oysters!, Local First Coupon Book...Go Get One Today!, Oscar Party! We are watching the Oscars tonight in the pub! Come watch with us!, This weekend our menu will feature Double J Farm's grass fed & finished burgers, marrow & ribeye. Double J Farm is Animal Welfare Approved, practicing organic and, best of all, just up the road in North Brookfield, Massachusetts!, Happy Valentine's Day!, The Puppy Bowl VII is on now! What are you waiting for?! Come drink a beer & watch puppies play to win!, Make plans to watch the Super Bowl with us tomorrow! We're making Wings & Potato Skins & other good food for you to eat! As always, your favorite beer on draft! AND Isaac, Alan & Maceo...what more could you want?, It's Monday and we are closed tonight for our annual staff party. We hope everybody stays warm tonight!, so many new beers on draft for you- we just tapped delerium nocturnum, cbc big man ipa,dieu du ciel corne du diable,dark horse scotty karate & pretty things jack d'or!, Tonight's House Charcuterie Plate is duck rillettes, ciccioli, duck liver mousse & bresaola.  Our Vegetarian Plate is Cassoulet with smoked celery root, cannellini beans, carrots, potato, pearl onion & roasted squash.  
On special we have Deviled Egg Tartine with crispy fried lardons & a Crispy Duck Confit with sweet potato puree, calvados gastrique, We are open!, Power is down in Union Square! We'll post when power is restored & we'll open as soon as we can. Thank you Glen, Sean, Marcelo, Mark & Javier for braving the elements in order to open for lunch. We hope to be open by dinner. Updates to follow!, Pre-storm party! If you don't have work tomorrow, come stay up late with us!, Hooray! The Winter Farmers Market is going on right now!, null, Tonight we have crispy duck confit with sweet potato puree, watercress & calvados gastrique.  Our Vegetarian Plate will be house gnocchi sauteed with portabella mushrooms, artichokes & romesco sauce

We just tapped kegs of Avery IPA and DuPont Avec les Bons Voeux.. so come eat & drink, Tonight we have a Crispy Duck Confit with sweet potato puree, watercress & calvados gastrique, our Vegetarian Plate will be crispy spatzle, swiss chard, spinach, broccoli & root veggies tossed with a brown butter sage sauce.  Our House Charcuterie includes Pate de Campagne, Duck Rillette, Confit Pork & Duck Sausage, Bresaola, Tonight's Vegetarian Plate includes Garlic Roasted Acorn Squash, Curried Lentils, Butternut Squash Puree, Swiss Chard, Basmati Rice, Honey Thyme Roasted Shallots.  Our House Charcuterie Plate includes Pate de Campagne, Duck Rillette, Confit Pork & Duck Sausage, Bresaola, We are open for lunch today! Chicken Pot Pie, House Gnocchi with Braised Oxtail, House Smoked Pastrami Sandwich and lots more on the menu., Tonight's Vegetarian Plate includes Garlic Roasted Acorn Squash, Curried Lentils, Sweet Potato Puree, Swiss Chard, Basmati Rice, Honey Thyme Roasted Shallots. Our House Charcuterie Plate features Pate de Campagne, Confit Pork & Duck Sausage., You can view the new menu here...
, Tonight we welcome our new Chef, Mark Cina, to the kitchen! Brand new menu for 2011 and we are super excited about it! Come in and check it out for yourself!, Happy 2011! What is your New Year's Resolution?, null, Is braving the storm and staying open.  Food till 11, drinks till 1., just tapped a keg of the Cisco Winter Wood, Tonight from 7-9! We will have Ommegang Cup O'Kyndness, Hennepin & Belgian Pale Ale on draft, We will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving but opening at 11 on Friday for lunch.  Come in, tell us you are shopping locally and we will give you 10% off your food bill., Braised Pork Cheeks with spaghetti squash, pickled grapes & pomegranate jus! Seared Scallops with roasted cauliflower, fregola sarda, toasted pinenuts, sherry golden raisin sauce!, We are going plaid this Friday! Come in for lunch, let us know that you are shopping locally & we will give you 10% off your food bill., beer, wings, football!, New on draft Blaugies La Moneuse Special Winte, Gritty's Nitro Black Fly Stout & Belhaven Twisted Thistle IPA, Tonight's specials; Andouille Sausage & Greens; Vegetable Linguine; Paella with shrimp, mussels & saffron; Grilled Salmon with roasted new potatoes, spinach & mustard cream sauce

Tonight we will be tapping a keg of Lagunitas Brown Shugga'!, Andouille Sausage with sauteed greens, white beans & a fried egg! Roast Beef Dinner! And Happy Monday! Dine at the bar & pay half-price for oysters!, just tapped some new kegs- we are now serving Mikkeller Jackie Brown, Emelisse Rauchbier & CBC Old Mother Hubbard come on down for brunch and give them a try!, specials tonight include, creamy butternut squash soup; cherry pepper & mushroom pizza; grilled chicken stuffed with mozzarella, spinach & ham over mashed potatoes & mushroom bordelaise; broiled haddock with veggie rice & lemon caper sauce; and our classic french dip sandwich., Just tapped a keg of Dupont Avec les Bons Voeux, a rich, velvety, aromatic Belgian Saison. Come try one!, It's Monday... so come eat oysters at the bar for half-price! We just got in an order of Wellfleets & Pleasant Bays! Joy!, Buffalo Wings!, Tonight's Specials include Marcelo's Spicy Arroz con Pollo, Roast Beef Dinner with mushroom bordelaise & mashed potatoes, Grilled Salmon with lentils du puy, veggies & mustard cream sauce. New on Draft: Van Steenberge Augustijn Ale, Schneider Aventinus, Pretty Things Babayaga!!!, great specials tonight including- butternut squash soup; sauteed razor clams over linguine with cherry tomatoes & roasted garlic; romaine salad with tomato, red onion, pine nuts, warm brie dressing; and pan seared tilapia over mashed potatoes & spinach with a roasted red pepper sauce, Election Day! Come have a Ward Eight & wait for the results. We will be showing live election coverage on the boob tube!, Happy Monday! Dine at the bar tonight & pay half-price for oysters. Also, The Classic American French Dip Sandwich is back!, Don't forget tonight is Pumpkin Carving starting at 6pm, winner announced at 10. We have 15 pumpkins so come in early to claim yours!, Happy Monday! Dine at the bar tonight & pay half-price for oysters!, tonight's specials - jalapeno tomato soup (add a braised fennel grilled cheese); sausage, pepper & onion pizza; blackened chicken salad; vegetable linguini in a white wine butter sauce; french dip sandwich & wild striped bass with mashed potatoes, green bean almandine & cherry pepper hot sauce, Thursday night October 28 we will be holding our annual pumpkin carving contest in the pub from 7pm-11pm.  Best pumpkin wins a prize! The guys from Fisherman's brew will be here pouring their Pumpkin Stout, we will be playing some movies and John Funke will be spinning tunes!, Only a few more hours until we start pouring Pretty Things' Babayaga!, Pretty Things will release their winter seasonal, Babayaga, tomorrow night at the Independent. Don't miss all the fun., Sunday Brunch, Patriots Football, New Fall Beer on Tap: Tuckerman's Headwall Alt, Allagash Curieux, Ommegang Cup o' Kyndness, Victory Smoked Wheat. Of course, Plenty of Pumpkin Beer & Oktoberfest Beer too., Great Specials for a cold night- grilled pizza with andouille sausage; chicken pot pie with carrots, zucchini & potato; roast beef dinner with horseradish aioli, mashed potatoes & fried cabbage; fried catfish with cornbread and spicy chard, Specials Tonight - asian noodle soup with spicy broth, veggies & poached egg; grilled pizza with mushroom & bacon; spinach & goat cheese stuffed chicken with mashed & green beans & seafood paella with shrimp, mussels  andouille sausage

also just tapped Jolly Pumpkin La Parcela - oak aged pumpkin ale, specials tonight - vegan butternut squash soup with a roasted red pepper puree; grilled pizza with cherry tomato, mushroom & fontina cheese; french dip sandwich served with a side of au jus & fries on an iggy's french roll; seafood linguini with mussels, shrimp & razor clams; baked stuffed sole with shrimp stuffing served over grilled zucchini & wild rice with a white wine saffron sauce, specials tonight - tomato dill bisque; bacon & grilled onion pizza; fresh pappardelle with sirloin, spinach & mushrooms; seafood linguini with razor clams, mussels & shrimp tossed in white wine hot sauce; french dip sandwich

also new on tap today- De la Senne Tarras Boulba hoppy belgian blonde, don't forget we are now open for lunch M-F from 11-4!, specials tonight- watercress salad with cherry tomatoes, hard boiled egg, sherry mustard vinaigrette & parmesan crisp; stuffed napa cabbage with ground beef, peppers, onion & garlic, broiled haddock with honey red pepper confit, white beans & lentils AND a french dip sandwich with warm, thinly sliced medium rare roast beef on an iggy's french roll with a side of au jus & fries, specials for tonight are; grilled pizza with onion & sauage; mixed green salad with apple cider vinaigrette, shaved fennel, pine nuts & goat cheese; roasted acorn squash risotto with mushrooms & parm cheese; roast chicken breast with buttered rum sauce, zucchini pancakes & butternut squash; horseradish & potato crusted salmon with green beans & celery root puree

and on draft we now have southern tier pumking!, specials for tonight include; chicken vegetable soup; pizza with grilled onion, roasted red pepper & bacon; acorn squash risotto with asparagus & parm cheese; broiled cod with mashed, spinach & lemon caper sauce & roasted chicken with apple mustard sauce, baked acorn squash & zucchini rice

new on draft- victory kolsch, left hand twin sisters(limited release double ipa; bruery rugbrod & dogfish head punkin, Brunch & Sunday Football. Pats & Bills at 1pm. Sunday Ticket too., Tonight at the Bar: Monday Night Football & Half Priced Oysters. What could be better?, on special tonight we have a chicken & vegetable soup; bacon & mushroom grilled pizza; broiled cod with mashed, broccoli & lemon caper sauce;  striped bass over wild rice, asparagus & brown butter hot sauce, Brunch at the Indo Today. Brunch at the Indo Tomorrow. 
Full Brunch Menu served 7 days a week from 11 - 4., 2 drink specials tonight- The Maharaja's Revenge with old monk rum, apricot brandy & fresh lime; The Mosquito Bite with old monk rum, falernum & tonic water
both recipes kindly shared with us by our guest dj tonight Brother Cleve, specials! frisee aux lardons; beef & lentil soup; pork rillettes with crostinis & cornichons; pan fried skate wing with asparagus & basmati rice, tonight's specials: frisee aux lardons with fried pork belly, poached egg & bacon vinaigrette; grilled salmon with white rice, spinach & lemon caper sauce; filet mignon with mashed potatoes, grilled veggies & mushroom bordelaise; and the return of an old favorite, the panko crusted cod with mussels, potatoes, bacon & mustard cream sauce, Half-price Oysters at the Bar Tonight! We have Malpeques & Cape Cod Bay Oysters. Eat Oysters at the Indo Tonight!!, no better way to cool off than to have a few pints- we just tapped Cisco Lady of the Wood, Pretty Thing's Hedgerow Bitter & Bear Republic Racer 5 - COME DRINK!, on special tonight; chilled orange carrot soup; grilled pizza with basil almond pesto, goat cheese & chicken; fried fish tacos; heirloom tomato & red onion grilled cheese on iggy's brioche; fried clam roll with coleslaw & fries; shellfish & sweet corn chowder, tonight's specials;  tomatillo & green tomato gazpacho; thai steak salad; grilled pizza with roasted red peppers, goat cheese & basil; spicy sweet potato vegetable curry & grilled shellfish & sweet corn chowder

also new on draft this week; ridgeway ipa, cisco lady of the woods, victory scarlet fire, coney island lager and affligem blond, Don't forget - This afternoon is Union Sq. Bazaar Bizarre and it's all happening right outside our door!, Three of the best things about August - Striper, Heirloom Tomatoes & Sweet Native Corn...all making an appearance on tonight's specials. Also - Grand Teton Double White, Lagunitas Sumpin' Sumpin', Bruery Tradewinds Tripel., Working on our DAYTIME plan - brunch menu, cocktails, beer 7 days a week! We're aiming to be open DAYS by the end of August. We'll keep you posted., new on draft - mayflower summer rye, mikkeller 10 IPA & green flash west coast ipa, A few of tonight's specials: grilled white pizza with chicken and broccoli, Marcelo's Seafood Stew, Fresh Fettucine with clams. Also Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale is on tap, as well as McNeill's ESB, Butternuts Pork Slap & Avery IPA..., tonight is nicole's last night behind the bar, come on in have a few drinks & bid her farewell.., In honor of Belgian Independence Day we have some great belgian beer and food specials tonight. Duvel Green, Ommegang Witte, Ommegang/Liefmans Zuur & Houblon Chouffe are all on tap. Also; belgian cheeses, flemish beef stew and coquilles st. jacques., Tuesday July 20 the we will be celebrating Belgian Independence Day, we will have Ommegang Witte, Duvel Green, Ommegang/Liefmans Zuur & Houblon Chouffe on draft, the kitchen will be serving up some Belgian inspired specials and Mike from Duvel will be here with some suprises!, game 7 tonight with sound, john funke and stacy spinning some tunes when the game ends and serving up the rest of our hop back firkin.. going to be a good night, troegs draft lineup for tonight- sunshine pils, dream weaver wheat ale, troegenator double bock & scratch 31 IPA, also starting at 8 we will be serving a cask of hop back amber, Tonight Chris and John Trogner the founders of Troegs Brewing will be at the Independant from 8-11pm.  We will be serving 4 Troegs beers on draft and have on available on cask.  Come on in, give them a try & meet the brewers!, Ommegang Dinner is 
happening tomorrow night. Still time to make a reservation. There will 
be great beer & lots of food. You can eat & drink the whole 5 
course menu for $40 or choose what you like & order a la carte., Taste of Somerville kicks off now. Come say hello to Glen & James. They have pork., pretty thing's field mouse's farewell now on draft!, on draft starting tonight - clown shoes black ipa, reisdorff kolsch; ithaca partly sunny; deRanke XX bitter; nogne-o saison and bbc imperial stout... just in time for the weekend! drink up, tonights specials- chicken, rice & mushroom soup; bbq chicken, fried onion ring and blue cheese pizza; baked stuffed clams; fried nara bay razor clams with meyer lemon aioli; soft shell crab blt; bbq chicken liver salad

new on draft- Cambridge Brewing Company Charles River Porter 
Brouwerij de Leyerth Urthel Hop-It, tonights specials - vegan chilled carrot soup; grilled pizza with chicken, roasted garlic & baby arugula; baked stuffed clams; bbq chicken liver salad; seafood couscous with mussels, shrimp and calamari, Ommegang Dinner @ The Indo. June 15. Limited space. Please make your reservations soon., Planning a dinner with one of our favorite breweries...Ommegang Dinner on June 15. Menu will be released this week. Limited space. Please make your reservations soon., tonight the kitchen is serving up grapefruit salmon ceviche; spicy spring veggie soup; grilled pizza with bacon, asparagus & ramps; crispy duck confit salad; jumbo shrimp, arugula & sweet pea fettucine; seared long island duck breast, new on draft today- Cisco Brewing Cherry Wood, wheat based ale aged for 12 months with whole sour cherries.., Tonight's Specials - grilled chicken minestrone soup; pizza with roasted garlic, eggplant & bacon; Nara Bay Razor Clams & Bacon; Suft & Turf with black pepper crusted tenderloin & jumbo scallops 

New on Draft- South Hampton Keller Pils; Victory Hop Devil; Pretty Things Baby Tree, Happy Friday! Tonight: Shiitake Mushroom Consomme, Softie BLT, Fresh Dug Razor Clams & Bacon, Grilled Jumbo Scallops with creamy polenta, grapefruit - pea tendril salad..., tonights dinner specials; bbq chicken, caramelized onion & blue cheese pizza; fresh tuna poke salad with spicy cucumbers & sesame vinaigrette; broiled lemon & fennel hake; soft shell crab blt with avocado & spring onion aioli; fried yucca with garlic & lime, new on draft today- troegs sunshine pils & brasserie de blaugies darbyste- a belgian saison brewed with wheat and fermented fig juice, tonight the kitchen will be serving up vegetarian garlicky chard & white bean soup; bbq chicken, fried onion right & blue cheese grilled pizza; cucumber grapefruit salmon ceviche; fried yucca with garlic & lime; soft shell crab blt; broiled lemon & fennel hake with white rice, english peas and roasted yellow pepper sauce, happy cinco de mayo!  tonight the kitchen will be serving up some cucumber grapefruit salmon ceviche; fried yuca; tacos; quesadillas & some other favorites
your favorite bartenders will be serving margaritas, la palomas, rositas & some homemade sangrita, Tomorrow = Cinco de Mayo. Mexican Food Specials. Tequila & Mezcal Cocktails...And Sombreros., just tapped a keg of notch session ale, come on in and give it a try, cant drink the water but you sure can drink the beer..come on in and visit today!, Kentucky Derby @ 4. Teddy will be making Mint Juleps all day. Come say hi!, From the kitchen: Spicy Tomatillo & Rice Soup,  Grilled Duxbury Razor Clams with chorizo & spring peas, Soft Shell Crab Avocado B.L.T., Roast Leg of Lamb with morel demi glace, fresh asparagus & spring dug parsnip puree From the bar: 3 new small batch, hand bottled bourbons, Del Maguey single village mezcal, spring wine, spring cocktails!, Soft shell crab BLT..., tonight's specials - broccoli, mushroom & cherry tomato grilled pizza; taco salad; marcelo's spicy arozz con pollo; seafood fettucine with shrimp, mussels, clams & pollock; pan roasted pork loin, new on draft today; great divide berliner weiss; bear republic racer 5 ipa; ballast point black marlin porter; clown shoes dark angel- come on in and give them a try!, Real Ale Today @ 3pm! New line up of cask beer - Williams Heather Ale, Williams Midnight Sun & Harvestiouns Bitter & Twisted. All on gravity pour. Please join us today or tonight for a beer or three..., Real Ale Party Saturday @ 3pm (that's tomorrow!). At least three (maybe more) rare & special U.K. ales on gravity cask. Williams Heather Ale, Williams Midnight Sun, Ridgeway IPA..., making a few changes to our dinner menu starting tonight... just added a fried dark meat chicken dinner & our roast leg of lamb sandwich, don't forget that tonight the folks from Chimay will be here from 8-10.  We just tapped a keg of Chimay Tripel for the evening!, This Wednesday night, the folks from Chimay will be here from 8 - 10 pm. There will, of course, be Chimay beer & we are told that fine Chimay glassware will be given away. Please join us., Dan's Peep Rice Crispy Sushi Treats are gone but we do have Specials for Brunch & Dinner - Provencal Rabbit Stew with capers & green olives, Baked Brown Sugar Ham with asparagus & potato gratin, Leg of Lamb with mashed & brussels sprouts...Pretty Things Fluffy White Rabbits, Bruery Saison de Lente, Mayflower Golden, Southampton Bier de Mars, Reissdorf Kolsch, BBC Maibock, EKU Pils...oh spring!, null, gearing up for the weekend... Sunday we will have some nice specials during brunch and dinner; garlic & herb crusted leg of lamb with mashed, brussels sprouts & a light rosemary-orange sauce; baked brown sugar ham with butter asparagus & potato gratin; provincial rabbit stew with capers and green olives over "fluffy" white rice, Pretty Things Fluffy White Rabbits is back. The last keg was gone in a few hours. Let's see if this one will last the day..., soy mushroom & pork soup; grilled pizza with cherry peppers & bacon; tuna poke salad with spicy marinated cucumbers & bibb lettuce; grilled lamb panini; miso rubbed yellowfin tuna with garlicky spinach, copper top mushrooms & rice; grilled lamb sirloin with apricot chutney, parsnip puree & spring asparagus; AND for dessert homemade snickerdoodle cookies with local maple syrup icecream, null, null, Happy birthday isaac!! , lagunitas dogtown pale ale just tapped..come drink, bacon & mushroom grilled pizza; seafood linguini with shrimp, mussels & salmon; broiled pollock with saffron rice, broccoli & lemon caper sauce, just tapped a keg of Great Divide Claymore Scotch Ale, stop by and have a pint or two, Tomorrow (SUNDAY) we will be the first stop on the NERAX pub crawl. On gravity cask - Haverhill Brewing's GestAlt (German style brown ale dry hopped with spalt). The Brewer, Jon Curtis will also be here. Please join us @ 1:30 tomorrow., Just tapped a keg of Fluffy White Rabbits (hoppy springtime tripel) from Pretty Things. It just may be the perfect beer for this perfectly lovely day., come on in, start drinking!! pogues cover band starting at 6pm, We have cask beer! Tonight @ 5 pm Mayflower Golden Ale dry hopped with east kent goldings., opening at noon on St Pattys Day!  serving a proper irish breakfast and corned beef and cabbage all day! Pogues cover band at 6pm, just tapped duvel green belgian pale ale & bockor cuvee des jacobins - drink up!, lots of new beer in this week - very exciting stuff! we are pouring bink bruin, mahr's saphir weisse, harpoon island creek oyster stout, victory scarlet fire and so much more. new bottles & kegs from mikkeller, nogne-o, haandbryggeriet, jolly pumpkin. get out & enjoy the day! then come have a beer with us., looking forward to spring... tasting lots of new beer & wine, working on recipes, planning menus, improvements to our space, improvements to the draft system, cask beer engine, events, yeah!, Bruery saison de lente on draft, tonight's specials - grilled pizza with bacon, spinach and red onion; tomato parmesan soup; grilled pork loin with garlicky white beans & seared chard; seafood fra diavolo with shrimp, mussels & calamari, Lagunitas hairy eyeball on draft!! , Specials tonight; roasted chicken with Brussels sprouts, white beans and a sweet red bell pepper sauce; surf and turf with grilled shrimp, mashed potatoes and broccoli., Specials tonight: Yellowfin Tuna Melt; Spicy Wild Striped Bass Stew and more!, Thank you to all who celebrated Valentine's Day with us, we sure did have fun and hope you did also!, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!, Thanks for a great brunch! If you missed us today, we'll be at it again tomorrow., start your weekend right by having brunch with us today, Valentine prix fixe menu all weekend; 4 courses paired with beer for $55!!, getting ready to start our valentine's day weekend.. just tapped kegs of pretty things jack d'or; avery salvation belgian strong pale ale; coney island albino python & victory braumeister pils.. come drink one or all of them!, null, got plans for valentine's day? we are running a four course prix fixe all weekend long - beer pairing optional. let me know if you want to see the menu., closed tonight for our annual staff party. making some repairs to the resto too! see you tomorrow!, buffalo & bbq wings; four cheese nachos, jalapeno poppers; fried okra; sausage, onion and pepper pizza; spicy gumbo; bananas foster; abita turbodog, imperial stout and madri gras...  Saints Superbowl Party!, start off superbowl sunday by watching the celtics - magic game, enjoying brunch and some great beer, getting ready for the superbowl... just tapped some abita imerpial stout, makings wings, nachos & poppers for tonight!  Go Saints!, Superbowl party kicks off now. Spicy Gumbo, Abita Turbodog & Mardi Gras Bock! Gameday menu tomorrow - nachos, atomic poppers, buffalo wings & more specialties from New Orleans. Go Saints!!!, Thanks to everyone who joined us for brunch today. If you missed us today, we'll be doing it again tomorrow!, Please come in this week & drink for a cause. We are still running drink specials to benefit earthquake relief in Haiti - Airmail Cocktail & Barbancourt Rum Sour. Proceeds will be donated to Partners in Health. Haitian Film Festival this Thursday night in the pub., Thank you to everyone who came in for brunch today! We never expected it to be so busy...and we are, as always, thankful that you chose to spend your sunday with us., Marcelo's Spicy Arroz con Pollo!, Chicken, mushroom and rice soup; cherry pepper and bacon pizza; house corn dogs; grilled littleneck clams with braised pork, garlicky white beans and seared greens, Tomato Parmesan soup; grilled pizza with black olives, spinach and red onion, teriyaki beef skewers; fettucine carbonara with smokey bacon, sugar snap peas and garlic cream; shrimp, mussel and calamari cioppino, Chicken noodle soup; cherry pepper & bacon grilled pizza; terriyaki beef skewers with sesame broccoli; fresh salmon cakes over mixed greens; pan seared blue fish with a roasted red pepper sauce, garlicky snap peas, Israeli cous cous , come enjoy a ward eight while we wait for election results., jumbo buffalo wings with house blue cheese; grilled cheeseburger pizza with bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion, cheddar cheese & mustard; pan seared bluefish with buttery short grain rice, leeks and mustard cream sauce; grilled lamb sirloin with cous cous, snap peas and mint yogurt; roast pork cassoulet with confit garlic, white beans and fresh marjoram, brunch, football, beer, Tonights specials; potato leek soup, garlic, chicken and broccoli pizza, pan seared bluefish with white beans, leeks and grainy mustard cream sauce, grilled lamb sirlion with cous cous, snap peas and mint yogurt sauce, Specials tonight: Grilled Lamb Sirloin with sour cherry cous cous, snap peas, minted yogurt sauce & spicy harissa; Bluefish with white beans, sauteed leeks, grainy mustard cream sauce. New on Draft: Kulmbacher Eisbock & Mayflower Porter., Drink specials to raise money for Earthquake Relief in Haiti - Airmail Cocktail & Barbancourt Rum Sour. You drink. We donate., deRanke guldenberg, green flash west coast ipa & rogue shakespeare oatmeal stout just joined our draft lineup!, Planning the menu for Valentine's Day Beer Dinner. More details to follow..., Bear Republic Heritage Scotch Ale! Baby Tree is back! North Coast Pranqster just tapped., Cream of mushroom soup; bacon and ham pizza; broiled cod with mashed spinach and mustard cream sauce; pan seared chicken with primavera rice pilaf and spicy cherry pepper sauce, Vegetarian tomato carrot soup; BBQ chicken pizza; spicy salmon hot pot with rice noodles and fresh veggies; seafood stew with salmon, mussels and shrimp, null, great specials for New Years Eve- classic shrimp cocktail; fresh caviar with toasted iggy's bread & black pepper creme fraiche; atlantic smoked salmon plate; surf n turf with lobster tail, truffled risotto and spinach; grilled lamb with couscous, beets & spinach; seared yellow fin tuna hot pot; and we will also be offering a dozen oysters and a half bottle of moet for $50, Ballast Point Black Marlin Porter and Delerium Tremens now on draft, vegetarian minestrone soup; grilled pizza with chicken, broccoli and roasted garlic; atlantic smoked salmon with horseradish cream, house crackers and assorted pickles; grilled lamb with cranberry golden raisin couscous, beets, spinach and mint yogurt; spicy salmon hot pot with rice noodles & fresh veggies, will be closed on Thursday 12/24 and Friday 12/25, we will open on Saturday at 2pm.  Happy Holidays!!!, dinner specials- white bean minestrone soup; grilled pizza with potato, bacon & leeks; jumbo buffalo wings; fish tacos & a spicy salmon hot pot... also just tapped the St Bernie Christmas Ale, the Spaten Optimator (german dopplebock) and the Victory Old Horizontal Barleywine, toughing out the snow and opening for brunch at 12 - no better way to spend a snowstomr than drinking some great beers.., Vegan curry soup; broccoli, red onion and garlic pizza; grilled Littleneck clams; spicy chicken hot pot with rice noddles, veggies and soy broth, 2 brothers bitter end pale ale on draft come drink it, vegan curry soup; bacon and cherry pepper grilled pizza; grilled littleneck clams with garlicky brussels sprouts, white beans and toasted iggys bread (great dinner on a cold night!); big belgian bottle of the moment is Duchesse de Bourgogne flemish red ale, great new beers on draft- the deRanke noir dottinges belgian strong ale; the lost abbey red barn ale (american saison); great divide yeti stout plus a bunch of new ones that we can't wait to tap, specials are: tomato soup with half grilled cheese sandwich; jumbo buffalo wings with house blue cheese; bacon and mushroom grilled pizza; & portuguese style pork and clams, just added chicken pot pie, slow braised bone in short rib with spinach-garlic tart, mashed potatoes and a sunny side up egg; and a veggie gouda melt to the menu, Few great new beers on draft; wells bomardier traditional esb & bier de miel organic honey ale to name a few, Pumpkin stout, Pumpkin carving in the pub, fishermans brewing pouring pumpkin stout from a pumpkin!!, Curried pumpkin soup; pumpkin and mushroom risotto; pizza with roasted pumpkin, bacon, shallots, dont forget that tomorrow is our annual pumpkin carving contest!!  there will be 15 pumpkins to carve so come early to claim your perfect one, tonights dinner specials; warm atichoke dip, portuguese soup with greens, leeks & pork; grilled pizza with chicken, artichokes & fontina cheese; cioppino with shrimp, mussels, calamari and cod, spicy fish broth, toasted iggy's bread, Thursday October 29 we will be holding our annual pumpkin carving contest in the pub!! come early and ready to drink some fisherman's pumpkin stout, some great things going on recently.. added some new menu items; baked gouda, fried oysters, warm beet salad, guinness beef stew, vegan entree.. and alot more also added a few new draft beers - fisherman's pumpkin stout, lagunitas brown shugga' ale, bear republic rebellion & double aught, saison duPont, cherry pepper, proscuitto and fresh mozzarella grilled pizza; sirloin salad; warm candy striped beet salad; roasted chicken salad blt; braised dark meat chicken and sage dumplings, stone brewing oaked arrongant bastard on draft; bottles of dragon stout and brauerei weihenstephan "1809", pizza with grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella & tomatoes; roasted chicken salad blt on an iggy's french roll; grilled steak salad over bibb lettuce with avocado, cherry tomoatoes and crumbled blue cheese; slow roasted pork shoulder with mashed sweet potatoes,seared chard and bbq sauce, Mushroom and pepperoni pizza; Guinness beef stew; chicken and sage dumplings, Bacon and mushroom pizza; chicken and dumplings; sweet corn bisque with jumbo shrimp; grilled yellowfin tuna melt, just tapped bear republic double rocket; brugse zot belgian blond ale; mayflower ipa and getting ready to tap a keg of DUVEL GREEN, cream of broccoli soup; sausage and pepper grilled pizza; warm candy striped beet salad with goat cheese; chicken and dumplings; grilled tuna over garlicky beans and seared char, Founders breakfast stout back on draft!, meat lovers grilled pizza with bacon, smoked ham, pepperoni and sausage; braised dark meat chicken and sage dumplings; local manilla clams and fettucine with light white wine sauce..., Bacon and mushroom grilled pizza; new england seafood stew; chicken and dumplings, has 32 draft lines up and running... come see if you can drink them all!!, yellow curry sauteed mussels; cherry pepper and pepperoni pizza; stuffed poblano pepper & tortilla soup; pan seared scallops over sesame spinach, rice noodles, japanese soy broth... and Unibroue Blanche de Chambly on draft, just tapped narragansett lager, in the next couple of days we will be tappings kegs of  blanche de chambly, reissdorf kolsch, wurzburger pilsner and hooker octoberfest, grilled pizza with garlic & cherry tomatoes drizzled with balsamic reduction; roast half chicken with white rice, potatoes, peppers & onions; pan seared scallops of mashed sweet potatoes & spinach; cajun grilled shrimp skewers with brown rice and beans, bacon, mushroom and shallot grilled pizza; creamy potato and leek soup; roast beef dinner with mashed, english peas and horseradish sauce; fresh fettucini and white wine clam sauce, We have tons of awesome new beer: Lagunitas Lucky 13 Mondo Large Red Ale; Cisco Grey Lady; Avery Maharaja Imperial IPA; Dogfish Festina Peche; Great Divide Samurai Rice Ale; Victory Hop Devil. We still have Piraat and Tripel Karmeliet on draft, as well as bottles of Dupont Biere de Miel. Coming soon: Blanch De Chambly, Reissdorf Kolsch, Wurzberger Pils, Mayflower Golden, and Hooker Octoberfest!!!, Just tapped bosteels tripel karmeliet.. Come drink it, wild striped bass ceviche with heirloom tomatoes; grilled pizza with artichoke hearts and cherry peppers; grilled bistro filet topped with bourbon blue cheese butter; grilled pork chop with fresh parpadelle, broccoli rabe and homemade applesauce; for dessert fried dough with chocolate sauce and christina's vanilla ice cream!!!!, Bottles of brasserie dupont biere de miel organic honey saison, Salmon spring rolls; goat cheese, onion and red pepper pizza; striped bass carpaccio; grilled bistro filet; pan roasted striped bass, Tonight we tapped a fresh barrel of Piraat Belgian amber triple IPA from Van Steenberge. It is obscenely good and won't last long. We also just tapped Stoudt's pils, an exceptional pilsner. Coming soon: Delerium Tremens, Mayflower Golden Ale, Pretty Things Jack D'or, and Sixpoint Apollo Wheat. Come on down, y'all!!, grilled pizza with chicken, roasted garlic, broccoli rabe; grilled steak salad; pasta primavera with cherry tomatoes, snap peas and zucchini; cioppino with shrimp, mussels, calamari and salmon.. come eat!, Bacon and mushroom grilled pizza; grilled steak salad; fried fisherman platter; liguini and clams..!, 22oz bombers of the high and mights beer of the gods, onion, olive and spinach grilled pizza; north carolina style pulled pork sandwich; salmon spring rolls with spicy dipping sauce; grilled steak salad; fried fishermans platter with clams, calamari, shrimp and haddock!!, Stone Levitation Amber Ale new on draft, bacon and mushroom grilled pizza; wild striped bass cioppino with shrimp, mussels and  calamari in spicy tomato broth; bbq mixed grill - chicken, sirloin, pork and shrimp with mashed, grilled summer veggies and corn on the cob, ham and bacon grilled pizza; seafood stew with mussels, shrimp and salmon; broiled haddock with lemon caper sauce; shiny sea & island creek oysters, just tapped stone ruination, smuttynose ipa and victory braumeister pils..come drink them!, knows you are hungover and craving food... come down for brunch..and maybe a drink, dinner specials- slow roasted cherry tomato and basil grilled pizza; striped bass sashimi; bbq chicken dinner with corn on the cob, grilled onion, potato salad and kentucky style bbq sauce; pan seared striped bass with mashed, candy striped beet salad, ba, just tapped the st bernie abt 12 quad; coming VERY soon stone ruination, smutty ipa, stone levitation..come drink, tonights specials- cherry pepper & roasted garlic grilled pizza; mussels fra diablo, bbq wellfleet oysters with bacon and leeks; mixed grill-sirloin, pork, chicken & shrimp with mashed, summer veggies, house kentucky style bbq sauce, Specials tonight: Smoked ham & Zucchini pizza; Razor Clams in white wine with tomatoes and fresh herbs; and BBQ Chicken Dinner., New on draft: Mayflower Golden Ale; Hennepin Farmhouse Saison; Green Flash West Coast IPA (!!!); Pretty Things Baby Tree. New and exciting beer coming almost every day this week., Mayflower Golden Ale new on draft! Ice cold and delicious..., tuna wontons; grilled chicken, roasted garlic and zucchini pizza; rhode island razor clams; seafood fra diablo, tuna wontons; shaved steak, brocolli rabe, roasted garlic grilled pizza; wild razor clams sauteed with shallots, white wine and fresh herbs; latin style shrimp over corn chowder, mayflower brewing ipa; pretty things baby tree on draft and in 22oz bottles; bottles of de dolle ara bier, tuna 2 ways-poke salad with fresh avocado & crispy fried tuna wontons; grilled steak bomb pizza; latin style shrimp over corn chowder; linguini and red clam sauce, bacon and mushroom grilled pizza; fried chicken livers; lump crab meat salad; pan seared scallops, fried chicken livers with grilled foccacia, spinach and onion jam; crab meat salad; carmalized onion, roasted red pepper and grilled chicken pizza; pan seared scallops; linguini with light clam sauce, grapefruit salmon ceviche; artichoke heart, olive & chicken grilled pizza; anise braised shortribs; crab meat salad; liguini and clam sauce; pan seared scallops with mashed & broccoli rabe, and REALLY cold beer, summer leek and bacon grilled pizza; antipasto plate; anise braised shortrib with a house scallion pancake; crab meat salad; pan seared jumbo scallops over risotto, evan is multi tasking tonight... working the pub and djing...come check it out!, founders reds rye on draft, zucchini, garlic & kalamata olive pizza; antipasto plate; lump crab meat salad; fresh linguini with marjoram, capers & white clam sauce, Prosciutto and bacon grilled pizza; antipasto plate; shrimp risotto; broiled haddock with primavera rice pilaf & corn salsa, lots of specials tonight!! grapefruit salmon ceviche; orange glazed chicken livers; cherry pepper and bacon grilled pizza; antipasto; pan seared tuna; summer veggie risotto; spicy thai seafood soup, Stone ruination now on draft, grapefruit salmon ceviche; orange glazed chicken livers; grilled veggie pizza; antipasto; pan seared tuna and a few new menu items.. come check them out, is now serving weihenstephaner hefeweissbier!!, GRAPEFRUIT SALMON CEVICHE with cucumber, avocado, house chips; ANTIPASTO PLATE with proscuitto, sopressata, capicola & mortadella; herbed goat cheese, stuffed cherry peppers...; TUNA with jasmine rice, parker farms beet salad, spicy harissa sauce, grilled chicken and baby spinach pizza; pan seared tuna with jasmine rice, parker farms candy striped beet salad, horissa sauce; fried chicken dinner with mashed potatoes, coleslaw, sausage gravy and a sweet potato biscuit, Beer! Beer! Beer! New on draft: Fuller's ESB, Bear Republic Racer 5, Anderson Valley Oatmeal Stout, Victory Prima Pils.  New in bottles: Pretty Things Jack D'or, Lagunitas Hop Stoopid, Bluebird Bitter, and we still have a few De Dolle Ara Bier!!!  On deck, grilled sirloin kebab-fresh herb salad, cucumber yogurt; grilled pizza with bacon and proscuitto; veal short ribs, mashed potatoes, broccoli rabe, orange caper sauce, specials: teriyaki chicken livers with sugar snap peas; veal short ribs with mashed potatoes, broccoli rabe, orange caper sauce; zucchini, garlic & marinated artichoke heart grilled pizza, Dinner Specials: grilled sirloin kebab with fresh herb salad and cucumber yogurt;  fried chicken dinner with sweet potato biscuit, mashed and coleslaw; italian sub; grilled pizza with marinated artichoke hearts, proscuitto, fresh marjoram, FYI- The Independent will be closed on July 4! Open on Sunday at 11 for brunch, New on Draft: dogfish festina peche, rogue somer orange honey ale, weyerbacher hops infusion.  Bottles of coniston's blue bird bitter, de dolle's arabier, grilled pizza- portobello mushrooms, bacon, mozzarella cheese mixed grilled with andouille sausage, jumbo shrimp, pork tenderloin italian sub- proscuitto, sopressata, mortadella & provolone, marinated artichoke hearts, kalamata olives)