List(#ItsGottaBeTheShoes
Boston Celtics guard Isaiah Thomas switches shoes at halftime, leads win over the Golden State Warriors. Thomas said: "Them other shoes didn't have any buckets in them.", This is not normal.
#Steph Golden State Warriors NBA, VIDEO: #TheJump interview with Allen Iverson: as raw and fun and real as you'd expect. 
ESPN * NBA * Philadelphia 76ers, Golden State Warriors #AprilFools update: So apparently Festus Ezeli has gotten Andre Iguodala back for Andre's whole "you're cut from the team" prank. NBA, About to do a live Q & A on #TheJump, the NBA, Allen Iverson whatever you guys want to talk about. Just click here: NBA on ESPN, Gregg Popovich says the San Antonio Spurs going 38-0  is worth "maybe a cup of coffee." 
I defend coffee, and protecting homecourt in the NBA on #TheJump on ESPN., So....Matt Barnes has no chill.
Here's what he just posted on Instagram about ex-New York Knicks Coach Derek Fisher.
NBA, From #TheJump today on ESPN: on the cycle of forgiveness, D'Angelo Russel, Lamar Odom and the LA Lakers., Fun with SportsCenter - plus this is the only time in my life I will ever be taller than Scott Van Pelt. ESPN, D'Angelo Russell says he is sick to his stomach, that he let Nick Young "know my apologies, but I don't know if they've been accepted...at this point, the damage has been done. All I can do is own up to it." 
LA Lakers NBA, Can't. Stop. Watching.
LA Lakers Marcelo Huertas HIDES BEHIND Miami Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra before jumping back in bounds for the steal. NBA, Lamar Odom walking into the Staples Center. Amazing. Told me he is feeling good.
LA Lakers NBA, VIDEO: D'Angelo Russell addresses the situation between him and Nick Young before the Miami Heat- LA Lakers game. Says he is sick to his stomach, but "at this point, the damage has been done. All I can do is own up to it."
NBA, LA Lakers Coach Byron Scott addresses the media on the D'Angelo Russell situation. "Obviously you have some concern. We'll see if it festers during the game," Scott said, talking about tonight's matchup with the Miami Heat. "I've played with players I didn't like as people. But you're teammates. So you deal with that." 
NBA, Steph. Sager. Perfect.
#SagerStrong NBA, We talked about the LA Lakers on #TheJump today on ESPN. (I have a feeling we'll be talking about them again tomorrow.) NBA, Here's the ESPN story on the LA Lakers locker room and how some players are isolating D'Angelo Russell after he secretly videotaped teammate Nick Young.
NBA, NBA on TNT's Craig Sager to reporters at Wizards- Warriors tonight: "I think my demise has been prematurely reported." #SagerStrong NBA, Jimmy Buckets. 
Jimmy Butler pushes the Chicago Bulls to a much-needed 98-96 win over the Indiana Pacers.
NBA, Air. Gordon.
Man, Aaron Gordon is fun to watch. 
👀 Orlando Magic NBA, My ESPN interview with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is now a podcast! We talk about the Hack-a-Shaq problem, ads on jerseys, the Golden State Warriors and how Adam makes sure he gets the big decisions right., Tune-in alert: Craig Sager back on the sidelines tonight. I will have my TV on NBA on TNT for sure for the Wizards vs  the Golden State Warriors at 10:30p ET. Next: I wanna see Sager back with Pop. #SagerStrong NBA #NobodyBetter, Are you glass-half-full or glass-half-empty on these NBA teams: New York Knicks? Milwaukee Bucks? Phoenix Suns?  Philadelphia 76ers? Our guys took a look on #TheJump today on ESPN:, Yep, that's a 48-point difference. 
Forty. Eight.
Worst loss of Kobe Bryant's career. Matches biggest win in Utah Jazz franchise history and biggest loss in LA Lakers franchise history. NBA, Random kid in New Orleans runs onto the court and hugs Carmelo Anthony. Unclear which one of them needed that hug more...
New Orleans Pelicans beat the New York Knicks tonight 99-91. NBA, From #TheJump today: Don't understand those saying Blake Griffin's suspension from the L.A. Clippers isn't serious enough - I don't care how rich you are, you notice when your pockets are nearly a million dollars lighter. That's like 38 Kia Optimas for Blake.
NBA, Really touching first-person piece by the Oklahoma City Thunder's Dion Waiters, on losing his brother Demetrius Pinckney. NBA, Damian Lillard, Jamal Crawford and J.J. Redick made the last few seconds of the Portland Trail Blazers-L.A. Clippers game c-razy...
NBA, We talked about the NBA coaching carousel on ESPN's #TheJump today. Here's Vinny Del Negro on the "gut wrenching" experience of watching the L.A. Clippers after he was let go:, No just keep talking about Rudy Gobert nobody mention the giant green painted person jumping out of a garbage can.  #creepy 
NBA Utah Jazz Houston Rockets, Today on #TheJump, NBA Commissioner Adam Silver visits our ESPN set, says that on a scale of 1-10, he's at "10" thinking there will be no NBA Lockout., NBA Commissioner Adam Silver visits #TheJump today at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT ON ESPN. Tracy McGrady & Zach Lowe on the panel. This is gonna be good!, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones calls a link btwn CTE & playing football in the NFL "absurd," says "There's no research. There's no data." #OhBoy, This stinks. NBA on TNT's Craig Sager tells HBO's Real Sports that his cancer is no longer in remission. Of course, my money's still on Craig. #SagerStrong, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft talking to media at the NFL owners meetings. Not sure Kraft should hold his breath on this one..., Just saw video of Serena Williams presser. Her takedown of #IndianWells CEO Raymond Moore for his comments on the WTA even stronger than on the page. And for the record, this past year the women's final at the US Open Tennis Championships sold out before the men's. Remember - this discussion is about tennis. Not all men's sports vs all women's sports. Tennis. Bottom line, Moore's comments are ridiculous and demeaning, by any measure., Just in case you were distracted by all the incredible basketball today, this also happened: Dwight Howard admitted to using Stickum in the Houston Rockets game against the Atlanta Hawks. Dwight to the Houston Chronicle: "I don’t know why people are making a big deal out of it. I do it every game. It’s not a big deal. I ain’t tripping.” The NBA is now investigating., Managed not to break Pit Row. I don't think.😀 
Big thanks to NASCAR, Bubba Wallace & his team, and Sammy Eanes for the great hospitality today., Loved this graphic from our ABC Saturday Night NBA broadcast crew - in other words, it's been a while since the Golden State Warriors beat the Spurs  in San Antonio., Taking a brief break from NBA and March Madness to check out #NASCARGoesWest. Great to meet Snapchat Master (and Tennessee Football fan) Bubba Wallace...and oh yeah, he's a pretty good driver too.
#Fontana NASCAR  #xfinity, Great Steve Kerr quotes in San Jose Mercury News story. Andrew Bogut (toe) doubtful for tonight's big Golden State Warriors-San Antonio Spurs. It's the NBA Saturday Primetume game on ABC at 8:30p ET/5:30p PT., Okay I know Arizona is losing at halftime but seriously how is it even possible to sweat that much, Really interesting discussion: After hearing from former Duke Basketball/Chicago Bulls player Jay Williams on why he's campaigning for the NBA to loosen its restrictions on marijuana, we discuss with ESPN NBA Insider Marc Stein and 14-year veteran (and San Antonio Spurs champ) Stephen Jackson Stak5, Does the NBA need to change its marijuana policy? Here's part 1 of our segment on #TheJump. Former Duke Basketball star Jay Williams talks about the pain pills he got after a motorcycle accident wrecked his career with the Chicago Bulls, and why he thinks sports leagues need to reconsider medical marijuana., Worth taking a break from NCAA March Madness: #TheJump is on at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT on ESPN. We're talking to Jay Williams about marijuana use in the NBA. Should the NBA allow marijuana for pain management as opposed to prescription drugs? Also, Jay says 75-80% players have used marijuana. Stephen Jackson is on our panel today & we'll discuss. You don't want to miss it., Dirty? Or scrappy? On #TheJump on ESPN we looked at where the line is in the NBA, with Stephen Jackson and Marc Stein. (Maybe "the line" is the waistline?), Good day at the office 😀
Thank you to LA Lakers fan Rob Lowe for stopping by #TheJump set at ESPN. Segment airs next week. And yes, we talked The West Wing...

#StElmos * The Outsiders * Parks and Recreation * The Grinder * #ICouldKeepGoing, Look who stopped by #TheJump...great meeting Courtney B. Vance (and he's a legit sports fan). And you know he's killing it on The People v. O.J. Simpson:, When you know your NBA on ESPN show is for real...
People, we have MUGS now. #TheJump 3:30p ET/12:30p PT, Traveling back from #Austin and SXSW - beautiful scenery out the airplane window, and my favorite travel hat. Win. #NewMexicoDesert, Thanks for the hang, Austin. Lots of fun at SXSW., The Golden State Warriors scoring 81 points in a half just became only the second-craziest thing in the NBA today. Here's No. 1: ex-L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling and his wife Shelly are calling off their divorce., So...
The Golden State Warriors scored 81 points in the *first half.*
The Portland Trail Blazers sank 10 - 10! - three-pointers in the first half and still trail by 20. Oh, and Stephen Curry did this to Damian Lillard. 
NBA, Kobe Bryant
LeBron James
Thanks, guys., LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers are walking away with the win tonight, but Kobe Bryant showed them (and the LA Lakers young pups) he still has some moves. 
NBA, Halftime at Cleveland Cavaliers-LA Lakers game, and Cam Newton and NBA Superfan Jimmy Goldstein (and their hats) have found each other., Here's the statement from Chris Bosh saying he no longer has blot clots, is "feeling great" and hopes to return to the Miami Heat this season. Of course, when he's ready, he'll still need to be cleared by the team - but wow, what terrific news for Chris and his family. Oh, and when he does come back, hope he's ready to run...
#SpeedHeat NBA, Book it.
Stephen Curry
Golden State Warriors
NBA, Great stuff from Tracy McGrady on #TheJump today, on Damian Lillard and the Portland Trail Blazers. 
NBA * NBA on ESPN, We see you, D'Angelo Russell...
SB Nation's Harrison Faigen captures  the LA Lakers rookie making the sit-up shot. (Does the NBA keep a stat for that?), Andrew Bogut celebrates before Stephen Curry even releases this 3, said later "Yeah, I almost contested his shot - he was joking about it afterwards. He still made it, though. I just let everybody know it was going in. Seen it a million times."
Golden State Warriors * NBA, From #TheJump on ESPN today: Tracy McGrady weighs in on whether we should go back to letting high school players go straight to the NBA. (his opinion might surprise you), We talked about LSU star Ben Simmons on #TheJump today on ESPN, and how he should NOT be penalized for the flawed 1-and-done system for NBA prospects., Zach LaVine out here practicing for next year'a dunk contest...
Minnesota Timberwolves * Charlotte Hornets * NBA, Biggest upset in NBA history (non-playoff division). LA Lakers came into this game with a .190 win percentage, the Golden State Warriors at .917, This has got to make Carmelo Anthony feel better...maybe it's actually just the rim at Madison Square Garden...
New York Knicks * Detroit Pistons * NBA, Not enough 🔥🔥🔥 emojis in the world for Damian Lillard and the Portland Trail Blazers lately - even in a loss, drops 5️⃣0️⃣ on the Toronto Raptors tonight...including THIS...
NBA, #TheJump interview: Draymond Green says "I'm able to be myself" with the Golden State Warriors. Great stuff from one of the NBA's best talkers on his wild ride, including an escape from a coffee shop..., We talked about this stat on #TheJump today. 
It's, well, not good.

NBA * Oklahoma City Thunder * Philadelphia 76ers, By the way, this Bleacher Report video of the Oklahoma City Thunder pregame is fantastic and should have led the NBA on TNT broadcast. 
NBA, Um, Prince is at the Oklahoma City Thunder-Golden State Warriors game. With a cane. If I get on a plane now, do you think I can make it to Oracle Arena by halftime?? ✈️ 
NBA, Blake Griffin getting up some shots before the L.A. Clippers game vs the Oklahoma City Thunder. First time Griffin has worked out on the court before a game since his injury; he says he's "very close" to returning. NBA, Oklahoma City Thunder at L.A. Clippers * NBA, Zach LaVine out there doing this like it's normal...

Minnesota Timberwolves * NBA, Saw this on Twitter and assumed it was a (funny) Photoshop. But just went to http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/ - and the overload message is real.
 #SuperTuesday #Canada, Here's our mascot segment from #TheJump. Why the new L.A. Clippers mascot needs pants, plus all-time worst NBA mascots:
(Yeah the New Orleans Pelicans, Brooklyn Nets and Philadelphia 76ers are in here), Golden State Warriors make it official: Stephen Curry (left ankle) & Andre Iguodala (left hamstring) are out vs the Atlanta Hawks tonight., Man, it does not take the Internet long...
The L.A. Clippers introduce a new mascot and these are floating around within 10 minutes FLAT.
NBA, Almost...
Some self-control from DeMarcus Cousins during the Oklahoma City Thunder-Sacramento Kings game.
NBA, From #TheJump today: why the Draymond Green halftime incident speaks to how good the Golden State Warriors actually are, and why Lisa Salters was right to report it for the ESPN/ABC broadcast.
NBA, From our ESPN basketball show #TheJump today...after Stephen Curry's crazy gamewinner vs the Oklahoma City Thunder, did he move into your top 3 all-time of which NBA player in their prime do you want to have the ball with the game on the line and :05 on the clock?
Tracy McGrady says no..., Official measurement is in: 38.4 feet.
Stephen Curry * Golden State Warriors * NBA * #Magic, I think Tracy McGrady and I are going to have just a little bit to talk about on #TheJump on Monday. 
3:30p ET on ESPN NBA, Stephen Curry just set the NBA record for most 3-pointers in a season (288). On February 27th. With 24 games to go.
Golden State Warriors, kYle Lowry: Dagger.
Toronto Raptors NBA, Get off my Lawn!!! Here's how we opened #TheJump on ESPN today, in response to the NBA legends who have been taking shots at Stephen Curry and the Golden State Warriors., No chill..., CBS  reporting James Harden pushed the Houston Rockets for a Dwight Howard trade, Kevin McHale’s firing: cbsprt.co/1Un3vNC, On #TheJump on ESPN today - Stephen Jackson thinks his '07 "We Believe" Golden State Warriors would beat this year's Warriors team. Zach Lowe's head nearly explodes.
NBA, If you missed #TheJump on ESPN today, you missed Stephen Jackson & Zach Lowe with a - well - lively chat on the state of the NBA:, #TheJump interview: DeMarcus Cousins opens up on George Karl ("we're in the same gym") & the "rollercoaster" that is the Sacramento Kings.
ESPN NBA, Great stuff today with Tracy McGrady & Zach Lowe today on #TheJump. (Alt show title: Two Guys, a Girl & a Can of Diet Coke.)
NBA ESPN, How valuable is Damian Lillard to the Portland Trail Blazers? Tracy McGrady and I discuss on our NBA on ESPN show #TheJump., Cool video by the LA Lakers: every jersey Kobe Bryant has worn over his 20-year NBA career., We ran this graphic today on #TheJump after fatigue affected LeBron James in last night's Cleveland Cavaliers-Detroit Pistons game. Crazy to see the long-term result of each of his coaches leaning on him as they do...he's played almost an extra season's worth of basketball as everyone else has in the same six-year stretch. NBA, You should do what Tracy McGrady says...
#TheJump is on ESPN at 12:30p ET/3:30p PT
NBA, New Orleans Pelicans Coach Alvin Gentry joined our new NBA show on ESPN - #TheJump - to talk about Anthony Davis's big night and what it's like trying to help develop a 22-year-old to carry the burdens of an entire franchise., Great Chicago Tribune pic of Kobe Bryant giving Derrick Rose's 3-year-old son PJ a fist bump, with dad looking on. 
#FarewellKobe Chicago Bulls LA Lakers NBA, Damian Lillard in full I'm-mad-you-left-me-out-of-All-Star mode and the Portland Trail Blazers about to hand the Golden State Warriors their 5th loss of the season.
NBA, Was at lunch with fellow ESPN-ers Michelle Beadle and Ramona Shelburne and look who we ran into...
San Antonio Spurs * NBA, Hey, look what happened on Twitter this afternoon. Nice! 
If you missed our new NBA show #TheJump, don't worry, we're back tomorrow on ESPN at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT, A big thanks to 9-time All-Star Chris Paul for dropping by #TheJump set to talk about the L.A. Clippers & the urgency to win...now. 
NBA, Thanks to everyone who watched #TheJump, our new NBA show on ESPN. We'll be back again tomorrow at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT. Until then...believe in basketball., Now that Tracy McGrady is going to be a regular on our new NBA show #TheJump, he needs a real TV earpiece. Unfortunately for him, the process is...gross. 
#TheJump airs on ESPN at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT., 1. Go to your DVR
2. Find my new NBA show #TheJump, Thursday at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT on ESPN
3. Record Season Pass
4. Tell a friend. (Or in the case of Facebook, all of your friends.), Welcome T-Mac!
It's official: 7-time All-Star Tracy McGrady is going to be a regular on my new NBA show #TheJump. Love it. 
Show premieres this Thursday at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT on ESPN. 
NBA on ESPN #BeThere, Congrats Russell Westbrook on a second consecutive MVP award at the NBA All Star Game. Big-time. 
Oklahoma City Thunder, In jeans. And not the stretchy kind.
NBA #AllStar, Zach LaVine just did something more impressive than any of those dunks. 
#ForFlip NBA Timberwolves, Just in case tonight's NBA Slam Dunk contest doesn't end up measuring up, here's a little Michael Jordan to keep you company:, Tremendous conversation with Allen Iverson on the importance of staying who you truly are - all the good & bad - no matter who other people want you to be. 
#AllStar NBA #TheJump, Just like riding a bike...
Back on SportsCenter this morning from the NBA All Star Game. First time since I returned to ESPN..., SIX DAYS...until #TheJump kicks off on ESPN. Love that Zach Lowe will be a regular appearing on the show; these are going to be some great conversations...
We'll air at 3:30p ET/12:30p PT
NBA, Here's the affidavit filed by the ex-girlfriend of Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel, describing how Manziel restrained, beat and threatened to kill her, hitting her so hard he ruptured her eardrum.
NFL, The front page of The Denver Post. Not bad, Broncos.
#SB50 NFL, Carolina Panthers LB Thomas Davis's post on Instagram is a stark reminder of the toughness of this game & those who play it. Broke his forearm 2 weeks ago during the NFC Chanpionship game. 
#SB50 NFL, Dallas Cowboys great Michael Irvin weighs in on Cam Newton: “I’ve never lost in a Super Bowl so I can’t empathize...”

NFL Super Bowl 50 Carolina Panthers, This side-by-side from earlier is kinda amazing. 
NFL Super Bowl 50 Denver Broncos Carolina Panthers, Betty. White.
NFL Super Bowl 50, Status of Cam Newton's warm-up cleat game? Gold. #MVP
Carolina Panthers NFL, Coach Steve Kerr during a late timeout of the Oklahoma City Thunder-Golden State Warriors game: "About time we got a close game to play - this is fun."
Was a 4-pt game with less than a minute to go, great performances by Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook, but Stephen Curry and the Warriors pulled it out, 116-108.
NBA, Brett Favre, Tony Dungy, Marvin Harrison, Orlando Pace, the late Kenny Stabler and former 49ers owner Eddie DeBartolo, Jr. all make the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Welcome to being NFL Legends, gentlemen., Coming two weeks from today. 
3:30p ET/12:30p PT on ESPN. 
Me and a rotating cast of other assorted basketball-type characters talking NBA.
Get excited, people., Ex-girlfriend of Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel says Manziel hit her, dragged her by her hair, threatened to kill them both, You could literally give me 1,000 attempts and I could not make this shot.
Houston Rockets * NBA, ESPN is reporting that Calvin Johnson, Jr. has told the Detroit Lions he plans on retiring from the NFL., Russell Westbrook to James Harden: "Um, no."
Thunder * Rockets * NBA, Here's the artist's rendering of the statue the LA Lakers will put outside Staples Center next year to honor Shaquille O' Neal. 
NBA, The Cleveland Cavaliers transition game seems to be working okay tonight...
NBA, Blake Griffin takes to Twitter to apologize for punching a L.A. Clippers staff member. The team says he'd be out 4-6 weeks with a broken hand, but Coach Doc Rivers has called that timeframe "unrealistic."
NBA, Stephen Curry making the DPOY look, well, like he's not. 
Golden State Warriors * San Antonio Spurs * NBA, Competing tip jars at the local Starbucks. #LA, Loved these: Carolina Panthers QB Cam Newton wore cleats inscribed with the names of his teammates before facing off against the Arizona Cardinals. 
NFL, What. A. Game. 
Two of the all-time greats, and so much fun when a matchup lives up to the hype.
Denver Broncos * New England Patriots * NFL, The toughest part of the NFL's AFC/NFC Championship Sunday setup is waiting for it to start. #LetsGoAlready #FootballPlease

Denver Broncos New England Patriots * Carolina Panthers Arizona Cardinals, Tremendous piece from ESPN on the long unraveling of David Blatt and the Cleveland Cavaliers. If you are an NBA fan, this is a great read:, VIDEO: Stephen Curry once told me that after those kinds of shots, even he sometimes can't believe it
"Oh, crap. I made that" 
Golden State Warriors * NBA, Stephen Curry. Golden State Warriors. Ridiculous., Yup, this is pretty much going to get you ejected, like...every single time. 
L.A. Clippers * New York Knicks * NBA, Am seeing a lot of debate over whether the Cleveland Cavaliers were right to fire David Blatt today...but am not seeing a lot of people surprised. Btw, Blatt is the first coach that's gotten fired while sitting atop his conference since the NBA created conferences in 1970., Still hard to top this as the best story of the day: Ziggy Ansah & the Detroit Lions D-line delivering water to Flint, MI. For all the attention the bad apples get, there really are so many good guys in the NFL., Welcome back to Golden State Warriors Head Coach Steve Kerr, who returns to the bench tonight. Can't wait to see him on that sideline! And can't say enough about the work Luke Walton did with the team as Kerr battled his health problems. Walton will have his own NBA head coaching job soon., Big-time congrats to Kathryn Smith for becoming the NFL's first female full-time assistant coach, and a big 👍🏼 to the Buffalo Bills for making such a smart and qualified hire., null, And...it's officially official. Officially. 

ESPN * SportsCenter * NBA * Outside the Lines * E:60, Hard to single out just a few things Dr. King said, but here are some of my favorites. Words for today & every day. #MLKDay, So after Larry Fitzgerald had #ThatGame, he stopped to shout out support to ESPN NFL guru Chris Mortensen in his battle versus throat cancer.
All. Class., You. Have. Got. To. Be. Kidding.

#Overtime NFL Green Bay Packers Arizona Cardinals, Let's all send some good thoughts to ESPN NFL guru Chris Mortensen. A tough fight ahead, but Mort is as tough as they come., Here's the front page of tomorrow's Los Angeles Times - the St. Louis Rams are heading back west, and the San Diego Chargers have a year to decide whether to join them. LA is officially back to being an NFL town., Here's Kentucky Basketball Coach John Calipari's response to the reports he might want to return to the NBA. Interpret it as you see fit..., Yahoo reporting that Kentucky Basketball Coach John Calipari wants a 10-year, $20 million deal to coach the Brooklyn Nets, or for any type of return to the NBA., Former Detroit Lions WR Nate Burleson showing why he's a stand-up guy, with a message for Minnesota Vikings kicker Blair Walsh, another good guy who had a bad day. The NFL playoffs can be cruel, but it's still just a game., So as you may have possibly heard...it's cold in Minneapolis today. Kickoff for the Seattle Seahawks vs Minnesota Vikings game coming up.
#Playoffs NFL, No Marshawn Lynch for the Seattle Seahawks playoff game vs the Minnesota Vikings., What went wrong with Johnny Manziel and the Cleveland Browns? Terrific NFL piece from ESPN's Elizabeth Merrill., The week between the regular season and the playoffs is always a big news week around the NFL, but this one took a lot of folks by surprise: the Tampa Bay Buccaneers fire head coach Lovie Smith., The Indianapolis Colts were expected to fire Chuck Pagano today - instead after hours of meetings with ownership, the team reversed course and signed him to a 4-year extension. Good for the team, good for the fans, good for a good man.
NFL, Outpouring of support for Tom Coughlin as he leaves the New York Giants, none more eloquent than this from one of his former team captains, Justin Tuck (now of The Oakland Raiders).
NFL, Big thanks to Sports Illustrated for naming me as one to watch in the coming year, along with Bill Simmons, Jeff Gordon, Cari Champion, Skip Bayless and Vin Scully.
Can't wait for all that's ahead., NFL Black Monday continues: Coach Tom Coughlin is leaving the New York Giants. Won two Super Bowl titles as a head coach, another title as an assistant coach...and is one of the classiest coaches I've covered in any sport. He'll be missed., Wow - Sports Illustrated's Peter King reporting on NBC that Johnny Manziel didn't show up for mandatory team medical exam & that the Cleveland Browns are "so done" with him. Will Manziel end up with the Dallas Cowboys?? 
NFL, You know that dance you saw on the Internet? JJ Watt's got it for you. And also that other one. And also...
Houston Texans NFL, Back in the day...
Thanks, Charles Woodson, for always being such a smart interview and such a fun watch. Can't wait to see what you do next...

#GoodbyeCharles The Oakland Raiders Green Bay Packers NFL, Exceptional, stirring and brutally honest column from Cleveland Cavaliers beat writer Chris Haynes, on LeBron James, Tamir Rice, and his own personal history., The adventure begins...
Happy, happy everyone., The Philadelphia Daily News back page after the Eagles fire Chip Kelly. 
NFL, Always love these videos - these folks went BIG. 
Merry, Merry everyone. Have a great day!!
#MerryChristmas #Cheer, "Though this is my last game in the Coliseum, just know that I'll never leave you. Go Raiders." 
- Charles Woodson
NFL, Merry Climate Change Christmas., Back on CNN today talking about the movie Concussion, how it affects the NFL and my interview with Will Smith. If you missed it, check out the video below:, NBA stars like Stephen Curry, Carmelo Anthony, Chris Paul and Joakim Noah to appear in ads advocating change, tougher laws to end gun violence. Ads will start airing during ESPN's Christmas Day games., It feels like Kyrie Irving is trying to tell us something...
Cleveland Cavaliers play the Philadelphia 76ers tomorrow. Irving has been out with a fractured kneecap since the NBA Finals., This ESPN story is just heartbreaking, both in how this kid saved others' lives, and that he had to in the first place., Not much gets me more worked up than giving taxpayer money to billionaires. St Louis aldermen the latest offenders and the city tries to keep a St. Louis Rams team whose owner keeps trying to leave. 
NFL, VIDEO: Will Smith talks about the Concussion movie, his son playing football, how the NFL office sees him now and (yep) getting into politics. If Kanye West really does run for president in 2020 as he's suggested, will he have to compete with the The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air???, Stepping back on set at CNN to talk about the  Concussion movie, the NFL and my interview with Will Smith. Will get a link up shortly..., With (Philadelphia Eagles fan) Will Smith, talking the NFL, the Concussion movie & how he faced up to some hard truths about a sport he loves. Great discussion...Oh, and he may want to run for President too. Interview airs this week on CNN and CNN International., Cannot stop buzzing over last night's Star Wars premiere! No spoilers but Star Wars Episode 7: The Force Awakens totally delivers, old-school style., Had an absolutely amazing night at the Star Wars premiere. The movie is a love letter to fans of the franchise (AKA everybody)., Sports Illustrated names Serena Williams Sportsperson of the Year, excellent piece by SL Price below., Thank you, Golden State Warriors. That was fun.
#TheStreakIsOver NBA, Here's Sacramento Kings Assistant Coach Nancy Lieberman, being awesome. Nancy told me sometimes Rajon Rondo will walk by & say "Hey, Hall of Famer." Her reply: "That's Coach Hall of Famer, actually."
#YupYup NBA, Even the Golden State Warriors social media game is undefeated these days...
#TheStreak NBA Milwaukee Bucks, Big blow to Draft Kings, Fan Duel.
I understand debating whether sports gambling should be legal. But I don't see any way Daily Fantasy isn't gambling.
NFL NBA MLB NHL, So Sacramento Kings guard Rajon Rondo told me in our NBA on TNT postgame interview that this was his "first dunk in three years." I guess if you're going to bring one out, make it a good one...
NBA, Postcards from Sacramento...
We have the New York Knicks versus the Sacramento Kings on NBA on TNT tonight - Charles Barkley, Marv Albert, Chris Webber and me on the call.
NBA, A group of former college football players are making a movie on the debate over money and the NCAA, with the backing of some big NFLnames:, Big-time courage from former NHL center Patrick O'Sullivan to tell his story. Impressed.

LA Kings Edmonton Oilers Minnesota Wild Carolina Hurricanes Arizona Coyotes, The Golden State Warriors are playing the Indiana Pacers right now on NBA TV, and Golden State has 79 points...in the first half.
#ThisTeamIsInsane #TheStreak NBA, This Ramona Shelburne story from ESPN Magazine is a knockout in every way: an incredibly raw & honest exclusive with fallen UFC star Ronda Rousey., This makes me feel so bad for Calvin Johnson, Jr....also, it makes me love the Internet. (Shrug)

#HailMary NFL Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers, Green Bay Packers QB Aaron Rodgers: "I'm out of breath. This is the most amazing game of my life."
NFL, How great is this NBA video: The review from Dwyane Wade's son after Wade scored the gamewinning points in the Miami Heat's 97-95 thriller over Kevin Durant and the Oklahoma City Thunder : "He did aight", Love the behind-the-scenes stories in the NBA - here's the one Dwyane Wade told me earlier today about Kobe Bryant: This was last month, the night before the Miami Heat hosted the LA Lakers here in Miami. Wade decided to stop by the arena and get in a soak in the cold tub. He goes through the Heat's locker room area, back over to the training room, and who is already just sitting there in the tub…Kobe Bryant. Wade told me in the 13 years he’s played for the Heat, he’s never ever seen Pat Riley let an opposing player into the inner sanctum like that, using the team’s facilities, and that frankly, he was shocked. Of course, that's the respect that Kobe has earned, and the two old friends had a great, long talk. At the end of it, Kobe asked Dwyane if his sons were coming to the game the next night. Dwyane said no, as it was a school night, and Kobe said, 'you know what, bring them, I think it’s going to be my last time here.' Dwyane brought the boys, they got a lifetime memory after the game taking pictures with Kobe, and the Wade family got a little sneak-preview of Kobe's retirement announcement before anyone else., Daily Double: interviewed Dwyane Wade and Kevin Durant this morning. We've got the Oklahoma City Thunder vs the Miami Heat tonight on NBA on TNT. 
#GoodStuff NBA, Undefeated club. Must be nice...

#TakingEmAllOn Carolina Panthers Golden State Warriors NFL NBA, Loved anchoring World Sport on CNN International the past 3 days.The British producers here always very kind to "the American." Now off to Miami for tomorrow night's Oklahoma City Thunder vs Miami Heat game on NBA on TNT with Marv Albert and fChris Webber. I'm so fortunate to work with so many smart & talented people all over TNT  & CNN. There's nothing I do that they don't make better.
And thank you to everyone out there for the incredibly kind wishes the past few days. Excited for all things to come., Fans at tonight's LA Lakers game are getting an embossed copy of Kobe Bryant's letter announcing he'll retire at the end of this season. Great Vine here from ESPN's Arash Markazi of Metta World Peace after Metta got Kobe to sign his copy.
NBA, Here's Kobe Bryant's heartfelt goodbye to basketball on The Players' Tribune as he announces this will be his last season. LA Lakers fans and NBA fans everywhere are tipping their caps....not sure anyone delivered a dagger and a smile quite like Kobe..., Mark Richt OUT as Georgia Bulldogs coach after 15 years. Here's the school's press release:, "Brett, Welcome Home."
The Green Bay Packers retire Brett Favre's No. 4 in an emotional ceremony at Lambeau Field. Hall of Fame legend Bart Starr on hand. Amazing moment.
NFL, Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo "done for the season," after re-injuring his collarbone, according to ESPN NFL insider Ed Werder., Have a #Thanksgiving, everyone! #GobbleGobble, Apparently, even Stephen Curry sometimes can't believe Steph Curry: "Oh, crap.  I made that." Check out our Conversation here:
Golden State Warriors NBA, Former NFL star Frank Gifford had CTE - does that at all change the way you feel about football?, A sneak peek of our Stephen Curry interview. Airs on NBA on TNT tonight after the LA Lakers-Golden State Warriors game. 
NBA, The Inside Story interview series returns to NBA on TNT's Inside the NBA show tonight. Great conversation with Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry - on basketball, family and (of course) dancing.
NBA, Just how much fun is it to be THIS guy right now? My interview with Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry airs Tuesday night on NBA on TNT.
NBA, A huge tip of the cap (tip of the helmet?) to Jeff Gordon on a tremendous career. Going out just as he came in - competing. #24Ever NASCAR Hendrick Motorsports, Whoa - this Charles Krupa/AP photo is extremely cool. 
#FootballAtFenway #ShamrockSeries Notre Dame Football Boston College, Just saw an advance screening of the movie Concussion. Incredibly powerful. Will Smith is tremendous. NFL #TellTheTruth, French football club PSG - Paris Saint-Germain will wear these special jerseys for their upcoming matches. #JeSuisParis, This is heartbreaking. Just awful. All good thoughts to Doug and his family. I know his New England Patriots/Buffalo Bills/San Diego Chargers families are with him as well., Had such an amazing time at the CNN Heroes award show last night - incredible evening, incredible people doing incredible things. Set your DVR now for when it airs on Dec 6 at 8p on CNN and I promise you won't be sorry. We see so much bad stuff in this world. This is the good stuff., You've probably seen this image a lot over the past few days - here's the man who drew it. #PeaceForParis, So Tony Romo is apparently ready to return for this Sunday's Dallas Cowboys game...
NFL, A "real leader": Greg Hardy late for work, misses team meetings before the Dallas Cowboys game versus the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. No discipline from the Cowboys. Again.
NFL, Denver Broncos Coach Gary Kubiak announces that Peyton Manning (foot) will sit this week vs the Chicago Bears. QB Brock Osweiler gets the start instead. 
NFL, Photographer Inga Sorensen's pic of #NYC tonight. No lights atop the Empire State Building, recognizing those lost in #Paris., Clockwise from upper-right: Australia, Taiwan, USA, Mexico, Canada, New Zealand. 
All six: #Paris., Yup, it was one of those kind of nights for us at NBA on TNT. The Golden State Warriors and the Phoenix Suns had their way with the Minnesota Timberwolves and L.A. Clippers, Chuck read Mean Tweets about himself...and Shaquille O' Neal showed up to work with no pants. 
Oh boy...
NBA, Jeff Van Gundy calling L.A. Clippers at Dallas Mavericks for ESPN. Calls it "absurd" the fans in Dallas cheered Greg Hardy on Sunday and are booing Deandre Jordan tonight. Van Gundy: "All this guy did was change his mind.", If you are angry after you read this, don't just tell your friends on social media. Tell the Dallas Cowboys and their sponsors: AT&T, Ford Motor Company, American Airlines, Miller Lite, etc. There's a point where employing Greg Hardy will be bad for business. That hasn't happened yet. But it could.
NFL, Deadspin with the brutal details of Greg Hardy beating his ex-girlfriend. Now you can't say you don't know. 

NFL Dallas Cowboys, Told Portland Trail Blazers Coach Terry Stotts that Shaquille O' Neal nicknamed Mason Plumlee "Doughboy" on tonight's NBA on TNT halftime show, because "He will rise." Stotts said Plumlee is too skinny for that nickname, "but I like the idea...he should call him 'Yeast.'"
NBA, A different take on the National Anthem here as the Portland Trail Blazers host the Memphis Grizzlies. 
NBA, LeBron James didn't like playing with the sleeves the other night...Kenny Smith can't do NBA highlights with the sleeves tonight, Superhero Serena Williams! Love it..., This. Is. Amazing.
Photo by Kansas City Star photog David Eullit of the Kansas City Royals victory parade. Congrats to that city's long-suffering fans. How sweet it is.
MLB, Really liked this new book from Wall Street Journal columnist Jason Gay. Very funny & also some parts made me tear up probably from allergies or dust or something., I love Twitter, but someone needs to introduce these people to the whole "if it ain't broke" concept..., The Tennessee Titans have fired head coach Ken Whisenhunt. Mike Mularkey will serve as interim head coach. In-season trigger fingers getting quicker in the NFL these days..., null, VIDEO: I asked Kansas City Royals first baseman Eric Hosmer what he was thinking on the play that turned the World Series. I didn't expect his answer., Shiny happy people laughing.
#WorldSeries MLB Kansas City Royals, Boxes of plastic sheeting/ladders stacked up outside the Visitors Clubhouse at Citi Field. 

Kansas City Royals New York Mets MLB, Dear People Still Watching the Football Game: You should switch over to the baseball game.

New York Mets Kansas City Royals MLB, I mean, I realize they're just trying to sell merchandise, but this is creeping me out. 

MLB New York Mets Kansas City Royals Citi Field, Batting practice at Citi Field
On the Jumbotron, the New York Mets playing a documentary about the 1986 team that came back from an 0-2 World Series deficit. Will this year's team follow suit, or do the Kansas City Royals thump Thor tonight? 
MLB, Washington's Pierre Garçon files a class action lawsuit against FanDuel for using NFL players' likenesses without their permission. Here's his statement: 

####

I am bringing this lawsuit against FanDuel for using my name, image, and likeness in both daily fantasy contests and through advertising on TV ads and infomercials. FanDuel has taken the liberty to engaged in these actions without my consent and without proper licensing rights. As a result of these activities, FanDuel daily fantasy contests have shown increasing revenues leading to large profits. Therefore, on behalf of myself as well as any other players who are being treated unjustly, I chose to file a complaint.

I have been advised by my attorneys not to speak any further on the topic while the case is pending. Any other questions regarding this matter can be addressed to my agent, Brad Cicala., Reggie Miller naming the celebs at Madison Square Garden during our NBA on TNT broadcast of the New York Knicks vs the Atlanta Hawks: Jimmy Fallon, Ben Stiller, Kate Upton, Justin Verlander ...and "that little hobbit Spike Lee" 😂😂😂 NBA, Remember when Chuck said the Golden State Warriors were just a jump-shooting team that couldn't win an NBA title? Big-time credit to him for taking this pic 😂😂😂
NBA on TNT, My "no, really, I'm totally coherent at work after staying up watching baseball" face. Not sure anyone buying it. There needs to be a sports version of daylight savings, where we all get an extra hour the morning after a big game...
MLB Kansas City Royals New York Mets, So many moving tributes to Flip Saunders today, none more so than this photo from Kevin Garnett. This news is such a gut punch - rest in peace, Coach. 
NBA Minnesota Timberwolves, Whoa - amazing (and scary) picture from NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly of #HurricanePatricia, taken from the International Space Station., Broadcasters need an NBA preseason too! With Grant Hill and Marvelous Marv Albert tonight for Golden State Warriors vs the LA Lakers on NBA on TNT., The New England Patriots play the New York Jets on Sunday...annnnnnd the Patriots just posted this to Twitter #NoChill, Okay I know everyone is sick of Back to the Future posts but come on I need these. 
#AirMag Nike, Former University of Louisville Men's Basketball players describe on-campus recruiting stripper parties to ESPN. Remember, new NCAA rule is that the head coach is responsible for what goes on in his program, even if he doesn't know about it., Yeah, I'm in. Star Wars, The Empire State Building tweets out its colors celebrating the New York Mets win over the Los Angeles Dodgers. 
MLB, You know you're in trouble when Nevada decides you're just a little too racy... The state's Gambling Control Board has banned daily fantasy sports - guess Draft Kings and Fan Duel were eating too much of the sports books' (taxable) revenue., Things may be about to change. A lot.
The Wall Street Journal reporting that the FBI  and The United States Department of Justice  are opening an investigation into Daily Fantasy sports sites like Draft Kings and Fan Duel., Seriously, how hard is it to get this stuff right?  Cam's dad was 11-year NFL vet/Pro Bowler Craig "Ironhead" Heyward. I know the NFL has a uniform policy but the NBA has shown those can be relaxed (one example: http://t.co/Tm4XXLETy9) #ComeOn The Pittsburgh Steelers, An apple-picking, pumpkin-patch visiting, fruit-farm roaming kind of morning in the Northeast. Excellent pre-football-watching shenanigans. #Fall #Crisp #Sunday, Georgia Bulldogs running back Nick Chubb suffers gruesome knee injury.  Chubb was taken off the field, then CBS reporting that he collapsed after leaving the training table. He regained consciousness once on the cart and was taken to the locker room., In studio today - you can catch my chat with ESPN MLB analyst/trailblazer Jessica Mendoza on CNN, or on the Internets right here:, SO MUCH FUN talking to ESPN baseball analyst Jessica Mendoza today - about her historic turn in the MLB playoff booth this week, why the trail needs to be blazed even further, that radio talk show host troll, and why her 6-year-old son just isn't that impressed with her. ("Everyone's making such a big deal out of this, you know I'm sure it's really cool, but I think it's kind of boring, Mom. I mean, I listened, and all you did was talk.") too CUTE! Will air on CNN on Saturday.  #GameChanger, CNN asked me to write an op-ed on ESPN MLB analyst Jessica Mendoza, Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy, the NFL and the week that was..., Have known Tennis legend Billie Jean King for 20 years and am still floored whenever I get to spend time with her. #GameChanger, Sky News Report: FIFA President Sepp Blatter has been provisionally suspended by the organization's ethics committee. (also news: FIFA has an ethics committee), On set at CNN all day talking about the #DraftKings employee who won $350,000 on #FanDuel - possibly with "inside information." Does knowing that Daily Fantasy employees are largely unregulated - and could be the ones competing against you - change whether you want to play Daily Fantasy?

NFL NBA MLB NHL, All this batted-ball talk after the Seattle Seahawks-Detroit Lions game obscuring that Michael Bennett completely called out owner Paul Allen over Kam Chancellor. 
#TellUsWhatYouReallyThink  NFL, I would say this is getting bizarre, but it was already bizarre...
VIDEO: ESPN's Stephen A. Smith threatens Kevin Durant: 'You don't want to make an enemy out of me'
#Ummm NBA, LeBron James takes to Instagram to weigh in on the contract split between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Tristan Thompson. 
#GettingInteresting  NBA, Sometimes you just want to read good stuff about good people. Here's a great NFL story on Washington running back Alfred Morris from the Washington Post., Cool picture astronaut NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly took from the International Space Station, of Chicago (and a whole lot more) with the Northern Lights in the distance., Minnesota Timberwolves Coach Flip Saunders' health has reportedly taken a downturn. This stinks. But from what I know of Flip, he's fighting like hell. Get well soon, Coach. 
NBA, President Barack Obama delivers emotional speech on Oregon: "Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's not enough.", Brooklyn Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov Doing Push-Ups on a Broomstick on a Basketball. Otherwise titled: Ways to spend your free time, you know, when being an oligarch billionaire NBA owner gets boring..., Chicago Bulls star Derrick Rose will undergo surgery to repair his orbital bone after taking an elbow to the eye in the team's first practice. No timetable for his return. 
#HereWeGoAgain NBA, Halftime of this Monday Night Football game seems like a good idea to remind you that this exists. Thank you, Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn. The Princess Bride Forever...
#WorkIt Green Bay Packers The Kansas City Chiefs NFL, I mean, I'm all for The Kansas City Chiefs making this a competitive Monday Night Football game, but if you finally get on the scoreboard after what had been looking like a blowout...is this really what you want to do in the Green Bay Packers end zone? 
#DoubleCheck NFL State Farm, Way to go John Wall - the Washington Wizards star started his day by donating $400,000 to a charity that helps kids whose families are homeless. 
#GivingBack NBA, NASA has posted some pics of the #SuperMoon eclipse - I think my iPhone snap totally measures up, no?, Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger leaves the stadium in St. Louis on crutches and a heavily wrapped knee. Team says they'll update his status after an MRI, but early reports aren't good.
Pic courtesy KDKA-TV., Biggest NFL fantasy football news of the morning: Philadelphia Eagles RB DeMarco Murray is OUT (hamstring)., You can study all week, and examine the odds, and scout the injury reports and...
You just. never. know.
11 lead changes, and THIS.
#Crazy #CollegeFootball TCU Football Texas Tech, New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (shoulder) has been declared OUT for Sunday's game. Guess we get to see whether backup Luke McCown really means what he says in those Verizon ads. 
NFL, And finally, the other shoe: Swiss Attorney General opens criminal inquiry into FIFA's Sepp Blatter, Buffalo Bills not being shy about this week's matchup with the New England Patriots. (Man, Rex Ryan-coached teams are so fun. Love when an organization treats sports as a game and not a tightly-controlled military operation.) NFL, New Forbes numbers are out:
 NFL teams are worth 38% more than a year ago, with the Dallas Cowboys on top at about $4 billion(!) 
The New England Patriots, Washington, New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers are next., Charles Barkley on the sad passing of NBA legend Moses Malone: 
"The man I called 'Dad' passed today. Words can't explain my sadness. I will never know why a Hall of Famer took a fat, lazy kid from Auburn and treated him like a son and got him in shape and made him a player. Every time I saw him I called him 'Dad.' I hope he knew how much I appreciated and loved him." 

NBA on TNT Philadelphia 76ers, Dallas Cowboys receiver Dez Bryant out 4-6 weeks with broken foot.

NFL, Tick, tick, tick...
Seriously, let's go already., Former tennis pro James Blake says the NYPD should fire the officer who tackled and cuffed him without cause last week., I know. You're disappointed Serena Williams lost. But if you missed Roberta Vinci's post-match interview with Tom Rinaldi on ESPN, you'll want to click on the link below. Trust me., Sports are fun. Sports debates can be fun. But today is a great reminder of what's really important to get worked up about...and what isn't., Moving photo from The New York Times, See below - the NFL released a statement on the headset issues The Pittsburgh Steelers were having in the first half versus the New England Patriots. Coach Mike Tomlin was clearly angry about this postgame, noting that having headset problems "is always the case" in New England. Later, Bill Belichick said the Patriots also had headset issues tonight., Oh.
The Department of Defense is looking into whether the U.S. Military  mishandled samples of the bubonic plague. Because, you know, that would be a bummer., My chat with Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll, on wanting Russell Wilson to be himself, and moving on from that last-second Super Bowl loss. 
#KickoffWeek NFL, If Tom Brady's NFL suspension had been upheld, the New England Patriots would not have raised their Super Bowl banner without him - they would have unveiled this tribute banner to him instead., They're prepping here at Gillette Stadium. The Super Bowl banner is ready, T-Pain is rehearsing "All I Do Is Win" - oh & it's pouring rain. NFL Kickoff with The Pittsburgh Steelers and New England Patriots just a few hours away, Football. 
Football, football, football.
(Finally.)
Good morning from Gillette Stadium, where The Pittsburgh Steelers will come knocking tonight to open the season against the New England Patriots. Welcome back, NFL., I'm shocked at this, just shocked., My interview with Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning, on his future, his trick for dealing w/nerve damage...and why he's jealous of Eli Manning.
NFL, Spiiiiiiiiinnnnn moooooove...
One more reason slow-mo is the best mo...

Ohio State Buckeyes #GottaRespectTheSpin, It's Sunday - let's talk football! Dan Marino and I goofing around before our football kickoff show. Coming up next - join us on CNN right now!
#Week1 NFL, Um, someone needs to file this under "not okay." Yikes.

#BradySketch New England Patriots NFL Tom Brady, Football football football. Join me and Dan Marino tomorrow, along with guests Peyton Manning, Pete Carroll, Larry Fitzgerald and Jen Welter on CNN as we talk about - well, you know., null, Good luck to the Northwestern Wildcats as they kick off the season today!
#OhWillie Northwestern University, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady issues his first statement after beating the NFL in court: "I am sorry our league had to endure this. I don’t think it has been good for our sport - to a large degree, we have all lost.", I'll be co-hosting a football kickoff special with Dan Marino on CNN on Sunday - can't wait. Peyton Manning, Pete Carroll, Larry Fitzgerald and Dr. Jen Welter join us as guests to talk about the upcoming NFL season...you should too!, In wake of #DeflateGate ruling, have still NOT heard any NFL owners making any kind of push to fire Roger Goodell (not even the New England Patriots owner). But some are starting to speak out on changing the discipline process in the wake of Tom Brady's court win. Here's Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank:, Not your average press release...
#OhBoy US Open Tennis 2015, The NFL and the NFL Players Association both react to the #DeflateGate ruling. NFLPA says the ruling shows Roger Goodell does not have the authority to be "unfair, arbitrary and misleading.", New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady wins his challenge against Roger Goodell and the NFL - the Federal Court judge has vacated Brady's 4-game suspension., Well, that seems to be going a bit far..., In studio today talking about the new Concussion Movie with Will Smith. It's the story of the doctor who first challenged the NFL on brain injuries. Have you seen the trailer?, Robert Griffin III's history in DC told through Washington Post covers...

#QuarterbackCarousel Washington NFL, Washington Coach Jay Gruden officially makes Robert Griffin III a backup quarterback: "Kirk Cousins will be the starter for 2015, moving forward. It’s Kirk’s team.", As Serena Williams kicks off the US Open Tennis Championships today, check out our revealing interview. Serena talks about her Grand Slam bid, "women on the rise" across society, her take on police violence...plus, why she's taking pre-med classes(!), Apparently the #BradySketch artist has been drawing 'practice Tom Bradys' for today's federal court hearing. (Seriously, there really is no storyline too weird for this #DeflateGate saga.) Great pic from WBZ | CBS Boston.

NFL New England Patriots, No. No, no, no...

#Oops Tampa Bay Rays MLB, The real question on Usain Bolt being run over by a cameraman: is it really that exhausting to walk 20 yds? You need a Segway for that?
#AhMamaMia, The brother of late IndyCar Series driver Justin Wilson says Wilson was an organ donor and has saved six lives through the program. We throw around the word "hero" too much in sports. This is being a hero. You can sign up to be an organ donor yourself through the website below:, He's back on an NFL roster: The Pittsburgh Steelers have signed veteran QB Michael Vick & placed QB Bruce Gradkowski on the Reserve/Injured List., Yahoo Sports reporting the LA Lakers are considering signing free agent Metta World Peace for the upcoming NBA season., Check out my chat with Serena Williams - we discuss her bid to complete the Grand Slam at the upcoming US Open Tennis Championships, changing society...
...and why she is taking pre-med classes (really)., Yeah, this TOTALLY seems like a reasonable way to hold an Olympic Games - competitors at a Rio 2016 test event being held on the water, um, try not to touch the water., This The New York Times article about what it's like to work at Amazon.com is fascinating/disturbing/crazy., Much fun picking up hosting duties at NBA TV this week. Plus, through the magic of adjustable chairs, I'm now almost as tall as Steve Smith. Party., ICYMI, LeBron James with a program that will significantly change the lives of more than a thousand kids. 
#Akron NBA Cleveland Cavaliers, So I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess the settlement talks between the NFL and New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady aren't going very well..., History., I get how crazy the Tom Brady sketch is, but have we discussed the Roger Goodell one?? 
NFL New England Patriots #Help, VICE reached the courtroom sketch artist who launched a thousand NFL memes with her picture of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady., Thanks to everyone who joined us for the NBA Schedule Release Show - was so much fun hosting on NBA TV tonight. You can check out your team's upcoming season at NBA.com!, An early look at the NY tabloid treatment of the New York Jets/Geno Smith incident. Who has the better headline? The New York Daily News or the New York Post?, Huge news out of New York Jets camp: quarterback Geno Smith out 6-10 weeks after linebacker IK Enemkpali punched him in the face in the locker room. Smith has a broken jaw; he will require surgery. 
Head Coach Todd Bowles described Smith as being "cold-cocked, sucker-punched, whatever you want to call it." He said the argument between the two was over "a very childish matter, something two sixth-graders could've handled."
Just another day in the NFL..., Because of course he is...
Donald Sterling is suing TMZ and V. Stiviano over his loss of the L.A. Clippers.
#OhBoy NBA, The San Francisco 49ers release troubled linebacker Aldon Smith, who last night was arrested for the fifth time in three years. (This time it was for DUI, hit-and-run, and vandalism.) 49ers Coach Jim Tomsula says "this is a sad day" but promises that despite no longer being on be team, Smith will be offered help from the team and "will not have to walk this path alone.” Smith is still expected to face NFL discipline for this latest arrest, and would have to serve whatever suspension he's given before being able to play for another team., READ THIS...then let the National Travel Basketball Association - NTBA know how you feel about it (yes, they're on Facebook)
A basketball tournament disqualified a team because one player is a girl. In 2015., #Summer, The sun, doing sunset things., So glad they figured out a way to get this done. We miss you, Junior.

#HallOfFame San Diego Chargers Miami Dolphins New England Patriots NFL, The New England Patriots are releasing a bunch of the email correspondence they had with the NFL office over #DeflateGate:, The Sacramento Bee reporting that Nancy Lieberman (Olympian/Hall of Famer/all-around rock star) is expected to become an assistant coach with the Sacramento Kings. She would be the second female assistant coach on an NBA bench., So much fun working at NBA on TNT...partly because of these guys! When does NBA season start again?, So this isn't good...An AP investigation found that water at some Rio 2016 Olympic Games venues had virus levels on par with raw sewage. #Yikes, In the battle of New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft vs NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, apparently Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones is backing Goodell., Thanks to The Hollywood Reporter! Fun to be in this group along with Charles Barkley, Kenny Smith, Michelle Beadle, Jay Bilas, Bob Costas, Colin Cowherd, Jim Rome, Bill Simmons, Stephen A. Smith, Michael Wilbon and Tony Kornheiser., Visiting Facebook! answering some questions now, Local police chief in Maine says NFL asked them to keep an eye on Roger Goodell's house there in wake of Tom Brady ruling, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has responded to the NFL - and he's got a lot to say. Text below:

####

I am very disappointed by the NFL’s decision to uphold the 4 game suspension against me. I did nothing wrong, and no one in the Patriots organization did either.
Despite submitting to hours of testimony over the past 6 months, it is disappointing that the Commissioner upheld my suspension based upon a standard that it was “probable” that I was “generally aware” of misconduct. The fact is that neither I, nor any equipment person, did anything of which we have been accused. He dismissed my hours of testimony and it is disappointing that he found it unreliable.
I also disagree with yesterdays narrative surrounding my cellphone. I replaced my broken Samsung  phone with a new iPhone 6 AFTER my attorneys made it clear to the NFL that my actual phone device would not be subjected to investigation under ANY circumstances. As a member of a union, I was under no obligation to set a new precedent going forward, nor was I made aware at any time during Mr. Wells investigation, that failing to subject my cell phone to investigation would result in ANY discipline.
Most importantly, I have never written, texted, emailed to anybody at anytime, anything related to football air pressure before this issue was raised at the AFC Championship game in January. To suggest that I destroyed a phone to avoid giving the NFL information it requested is completely wrong.
To try and reconcile the record and fully cooperate with the investigation after I was disciplined in May, we turned over detailed pages of cell phone records and all of the emails that Mr. Wells requested. We even contacted the phone company to see if there was any possible way we could retrieve any/all of the actual text messages from my old phone. In short, we exhausted every possibility to give the NFL everything we could and offered to go thru the identity for every text and phone call during the relevant time. Regardless, the NFL knows that Mr. Wells already had ALL relevant communications with Patriots personnel that either Mr. Wells saw or that I was questioned about in my appeal hearing. There is no “smoking gun” and this controversy is manufactured to distract from the fact they have zero evidence of wrongdoing.
I authorized the NFL Players Association to make a settlement offer to the NFL so that we could avoid going to court and put this inconsequential issue behind us as we move forward into this season. The discipline was upheld without any counter offer. I respect the Commissioners authority, but he also has to respect the CBA and my rights as a private citizen. I will not allow my unfair discipline to become a precedent for other NFL players without a fight.
Lastly, I am overwhelmed and humbled by the support of family, friends and our fans who have supported me since the false accusations were made after the AFC Championship game. I look forward to the opportunity to resume playing with my teammates and winning more games for the New England Patriots., New Arizona Cardinals Coach Jen Welter, so smart on why today was so momentous. (Hint: it's not because of the latest turn in the #Delfategate saga.) "What I love is that this changes the dynamic of the dreams that little girls who love football can end up having from this day forward," Welter said. "They can literally say, 'I want to be a coach in the NFL one day.' I never could have seen that, because it had never happened before." #LikeAGirl, Whew - long (but interesting) night talking NFL, the New England Patriots, and Tom Brady on Anderson Cooper 360, CNN Tonight and the Charlie Rose Show. Plus, with Charlie, we were able to invoke Presidents Nixon, Ford & Clinton in an NFL discussion...always an accomplishment. (And by the way, yes that's my thumb in the corner of the pic I took in the CNN Newsroom. I am selfie-challenged), The NFL appeal ruling on New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is 20 pages, but here's one of the key sections regarding why Brady says he destroyed his phone...and why the league isn't buying his explanation., Now the New England Patriots have weighed in on the NFL and Roger Goodell's decision to uphold the 4-game suspension of quarterback Tom Brady. And they're a-n-g-r-y., Here's the NFL Players Association response to the NFL's decision to uphold the 4-game suspension of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady. And yes, they're going to court., Love this move by the Arizona Cardinals - talent is talent, period. Congrats Jen Welter, and welcome to the NFL., "You don't see a gorilla lifting weights" - a video clip from my CNN conversation with the UFC's Conor McGregor., Even given the recent policy change to not have speeches for deceased players; this still seems like a big mistake. Junior Seau was a not just any player. If his daughter wants to speak, the Pro Football Hall of Fame and the NFL should find a way to make that happen. #LetSydneySpeak San Diego Chargers Miami Dolphins New England Patriots, Fun to meet retired U.S. Soccer and Fulham FC star Brian McBride behind-the-scenes at CNN International today. He was doing a segment on CONCACAF soccer; I was doing a segment on the New England Patriots and #DeflateGate - next time I'm going to make him come do the NFL segment too! 😀 Tremendous player and all-around nice guy., In the studio at CNN today, talking about the long-term impact of Becky Hammon and the San Antonio Spurs NBA Summer League win. Plus - a Ferris Wheel!, This. Is. Excellent. 
The Indiana Pacers will wear Hoosiers  "Hickory" uniforms for select games. #GonnaRunThePicketFence NBA #LOVEThatMovie, Raise your hand if you want to be Becky Hammon when you grow up.
#CongratsCoach  
San Antonio Spurs 
NBA, The sky: not falling, but it sure does look cool this evening., Watching Jordan Spieth try to charge into history at The Open...
Here's my conversation with him after he collected his first two trophies of the year., Chatting with LeBron James: behind-the-scenes stories from the movie Trainwreck, including what made him so nervous on set. 
#Movietime NBA Cleveland Cavaliers, So...I think I'm going to pass.
#LobsterIceCream #NewEngland, Really, it's the eyes that are the creepy part.
#Zoltar #Big #WhatWouldYouWishFor?, L.A. Clippers Deandre Jordan with the Twitter olive branch to Mark Cuban, the Dallas Mavericks and their fans 🌿, The NFL announces the suspension of Dallas Cowboys DE Greg Hardy (domestic violence) has been reduced from 10 games to 4 games upon appeal., Crowds chant '#USA' and sing 'Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye' as Confederate flag is removed in South Carolina. - CNN, The nightly show. 
#TallGrass #Sunset #AlwaysGood, Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
Happy Fourth, everyone!, This video...

#2016 #Election Donald Trump The White House, From the Los Angeles Times: how the LA Lakers lost out in the LaMarcus Aldridge sweepstakes. Less than 24 hours in, free agency has already been a big success for some NBA teams...but not yet for the Lakers., Kevin Love explains why he's re-signing with the Cleveland Cavaliers (besides the enormous gobs of money they're giving him). And now the LA Lakers and Boston Celtics will be shifting to new targets.
#FreeAgency NBA, Gary Bettman announces NHL may expand; will accept bids in July. New teams would play in 2017-18. Expansion fee: HALF A BILLION DOLLARS...or more., VIDEO: I talk to Jordan Spieth about his incredible run, plus how his Green Jacket from Augusta & his trophy from the U.S. Open Championships are now friends:, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has FINALLY wrapped up his appeal to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, after 10 hours of meetings today. His attorney Jeffrey Kessler said they made a "very compelling case" and that Brady stayed "until the bitter end." Goodell is supposed to rule on Brady's appeal "as soon as practicable." For reference Dallas Cowboys DE Greg Hardy had his appeal hearing May 28...still no ruling., Fun interview today with U.S. Open  and Masters  champ Jordan Spieth. He said coming home to Dallas and laying his Open trophy on his bed next to his green jacket was his biggest "goosebumps moment" so far. #Golf #Prodigy, Looking good, Lady.
#NoFilter, New York Daily News cover on Alex Rodriguez.
#GeeWhatAreTheyImplying New York Yankees MLB, Bay Area drivers...beware of air-drumming NBA MVPs on the road  
#OhBoy Stephen Curry Golden State Warriors, Jon Stewart talking about #Charleston on The Daily Show tonight, saying all the right things:, Los Angeles Clippers owner Steve Ballmer just unveiled the team's new logo on Conan O'Brien's show. What exactly do we think they were going for here? 
#ImConfused NBA, ICYMI, newly-minted NBA champ Stephen Curry tells me about the thrill of paying off "the family business," plus a mini-championship ring for Riley.
#TheFinals Golden State Warriors, Talking with Stephen Curry after the Golden State Warriors won the NBA title - he said they may need to get a mini version of the championship ring for 2-year-old Riley. Steph: "She’s going to be on fire" during the parade., Interviewed Cleveland Cavaliers Coach David Blatt pregame, he said he was about to go talk to his players about "the need to survive" as the Golden State Warriors try to close out the championship on Cleveland's home floor.
#TheFinals NBA, Beautiful moment here before the Golden State Warriors-Cleveland Cavaliers game as the crowd finishes the National Anthem along with blind teen Marlana VanHoose. Her story is remarkable - you can check out the great profile ESPN's E60 did on her a couple years ago at http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=10703950.
#TheFinals NBA, A cool NFL offseason project from Sports Illustrated's #MMQB site. Lots of good reads, and of course nice to be included!, Here's that Harrison Barnes lefty jam you'll still be talking about tomorrow. #TheFinals NBA Golden State Warriors, Night. Made.
Metallica NBA #TheFinals, Metallica's James Hetfield & Kirk Hammett will be performing the National Anthem before tonight's Game 5 of the NBA Finals. This is exciting., VIDEO: Cleveland Cavaliers JR Smith and Iman Shumpert talk Cleveland, what LeBron James said that changed everything and (of course) Carmelo Anthony & the New York Knicks 
#TheFinals NBA, Matthew Dellavedova was at Cleveland Cavaliers shootaround this morning, says he's feeling fully recovered from dehydration - will cut out his usual pregame cup of black coffee tonight, though.
#TheFinals NBA, Lots of fun interviewing Cleveland Cavaliers guards JR Smith and Iman Shumpert today. They have some great stories....
Also told me how supportive former New York Knicks teammate Carmelo Anthony has been through this playoff run, calling/texting from time to time to offer encouragement & advice. Iman noted Melo picks his spots, but when he does reach out, "He's watching film like he's on the team." #TheFinals NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving is back at the arena for the first time since breaking his kneecap. He told me he's feeling better, should have the cast (which he called "blood red") off in about a week.
#TheFinals NBA NBA TV, Dwyane Wade interviews LeBron James postgame on ESPN - excellent TV:, Cleveland Cavaliers say that Matthew Dellavedova has been severely cramping postgame, was treated with an IV, now heading via ambulance to the Cleveland Clinic for additional treatment.  #TheFinals NBA, Coach David Blatt's life has changed just a little bit from a year ago. He just walked out of the Cleveland Cavaliers locker room followed by Usher. #TheFinals NBA, For those having the how-close-is-LeBron James-to-Michael Jordan discussion, here are some hard numbers to throw into the debate: 
#TheFinals NBA Cleveland Cavaliers, Okay, back here on my handle. Thanks NBA TV and everyone who asked questions at halftime. Love the conversations!, Join us at halftime on the NBA TV Facebook page. #AskRachel #NBAFinals, Here's the video of Cleveland Cavaliers' Iman Shumpert getting hurt in the first quarter tonight. When he dislocated the same shoulder earlier this year, he was out nearly 6 weeks., Iman Shumpert in the locker room having his left shoulder examined after running into a Draymond Green screen. This is the same shoulder Shumpert injured when he was still with the New York Knicks, back on Dec. 12. He was out nearly six weeks that time - the Cleveland Cavaliers obviously don't have six weeks this time around., Sign unfurled at the arena here after the Cleveland Cavaliers player introductions: "There's Always This Year"
#TheFinals NBA, Hey multi-screeners...I'll be doing a Facebook Chat at halftime of Golden State Warriors - Cleveland Cavaliers game. Join me on the NBA TV Facebook page and #AskRachel #TheFinals NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers' Matthew Dellavedova on what changed for him after his Game 2 performance vs
Stephen Curry and the Golden State Warriors: "they held the bus for me, so that's good."
#TheFinals NBA, F-u-n.
🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴🐴, Last man standing...
Box score from the Cleveland Cavaliers season opener. LeBron James the only starter not injured/traded. 
#TheFinals NBA, Just me with my friends Steve, Grant and Larry (he's the shiny one sitting on the floor). We're about to kick off the CNN/Bleacher Report All-Access Special from the NBA Finals on CNN at 2:30p. Join us!, Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving has had surgery already - his broken kneecap was operated on at the Cleveland Clinic this morning. His recovery is projected at 3-4 months.
 NBA, Kyrie Irving posts heartfelt Instagram message, thanks Cleveland Cavaliers fans and says: "I gave it everything I had and have no regrets. I love this game no matter what and I'll be back soon. 
NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers announce that MRI on Kyrie Irving revealed a fractured kneecap. He'll need surgery, out 3-4 months. Crushing news for Cleveland fans after all the hope engendered by returning the NBA Finals., MVP at work.
Stephen Curry practices the day after the Golden State Warriors win over the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals., Kyrie Irving on crutches leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers locker room. He said he's "very frustrated" & that his knee feels different than previous times he's tweaked it these playoffs. Kyrie added that he'll get an MRI but isn't sure yet about Game 2, that he'll "take it day by day."
#TheFinals NBA, Here's the beautiful tribute to ESPN's Stuart Scott 
that aired during Game 1 of the NBA Finals:, Cleveland Cavaliers' Kyrie Irving trying to answer the question of whether he can guard the Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry, The Splash Brothers getting in a few final free throws before NBA Finals Media Day festivities kick off. And yes...they all go in. 
The Golden State Warriors host the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 on Thursday night., Hanging in the stands with Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving during our NBA TV broadcast; he says he's learned to mentally adjust to playing hurt. Cavs prepping to face the Golden State Warriors in Game 1 Thursday night., Golden State Warriors say Klay Thompson has completed the NBA concussion protocol & has been cleared to play in Game 1 of the NBA Finals vs the Cleveland Cavaliers., Fantastic: Vanity Fair's July cover, by Annie Leibovitz. First photo of Olympic gold medalist Caitlyn Jenner, formerly known as Bruce., New sign-off to everything from now on, ever....
#GoT Game of Thrones, President Obama was asked about the Chicago Bulls and Tom Thibodeau during a Twitter Q & A. (Because of course he was.) Here's his answer:, Chicago Bulls "dismiss" Tom Thibodeau as head coach, here's the full press release - some very strong language from owner Jerry Reinsdorf.
#Chicago NBA, Great moment in the middle of the postgame madness with LeBron James as the Cleveland Cavaliers wrap up a ticket to the NBA Finals., Pregame to the pregame for our NBA on TNT crew - Shaquille O' Neal in the weight room with an assist from Chris Webber. We kick off Atlanta Hawks vs Cleveland Cavaliers coverage at 8p ET - maybe they should just start the broadcast with this? 
#Playoffs NBA, ICYMI, my conversation with Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James after Game 3: on big-time shots, playing hurt, and his approach to Game 4 as the Cavs try to close out the Atlanta Hawks.
#Playoffs NBA, Chicago Bears release Ray McDonald after his third arrest in nine months - this time on suspicion of domestic abuse and child endangerment. According to police, McDonald was arrested after officers learned “he physically assaulted the victim while she was holding a baby.” Bears did the right thing by releasing him, but they and the NFL need to take a hard look at the process that led to McDonald's signing after the San Francisco 49ers released him for character reasons. In case you missed it in March, here's some key insight into how this happened:, How's Kyrie Irving (knee) doing? Here he is shooting after Cleveland Cavaliers practice this afternoon. Coach David Blatt says Kyrie remains questionable for Game 4 vs the Atlanta Hawks.
#Playoffs NBA, "Thank you" doesn't seem like nearly enough for those who serve our country, their families and those we've lost. But it's a start. So - thank you., Here's the pool report interview with tonight's lead official, on the Al Horford/Matthew Dellavedova incident in the Cleveland Cavaliers win over the Atlanta Hawks.
#Playoffs NBA, VIDEO: LeBron James talks about playing hurt, and desperate, on NBA on TNT after the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Atlanta Hawks to go up 3-0. 
#Playoffs NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving (knee) is officially OUT for Game 3 vs the Atlanta Hawks. Also, during warm ups, Tristan Thompson accidentally gave Timofey Mozgov a bloody nose, sending Mozgov to the locker room with a bag of ice - but Mozgov told me he's good to go tonight., ICYMI: My postgame 1-on-1 with LeBron James, including how the team he played on at age 9 is impacting the Cleveland Cavaliers today.
#Playoffs NBA, It's official - Cleveland Cavaliers Kyrie Irving (knee) will not play tonight vs the Atlanta Hawks. Irving traveled to Florida this morning to see Dr. James Andrews, who confirmed the tendinitis diagnosis.
#Playoffs NBA, So lucky to say I've worked with David Aldridge at nearly every stop in my career - Washington Post, ESPN, NBA on TNT - a true pro., Here are the T-shirts the Atlanta Hawks are giving away at the arena tonight for Game 2 versus the Cleveland Cavaliers. Join us tonight - we're on at 8p ET on NBA on TNT!
#Playoffs NBA, Cleveland Cavaliers G Kyrie Irving is missing shootaround this morning to have his knee (tendinitis) re-examined. He is questionable for tonight's game vs the Atlanta Hawks.
#Playoffs NBA, So, um, he's good with a basketball.
NBA cameras catch Golden State Warriors G Stephen Curry going through his pregame routines before facing the Houston Rockets in Game 2., VIDEO: Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James on Peyton Manning, his relationship with David Blatt, and why he wants to be a movie star...eventually. 
#Playoffs NBA, LeBron James talks basketball, Batman and Bed Bath & Beyond as he and the Cleveland Cavaliers face the Atlanta Hawks in the NBA's Eastern Conference Finals., Tough watching Atlanta Hawks F DeMarre Carroll being helped to the locker room here on NBA on TNT. Can't put any weight on it at all.
#Playoffs NBA, VIDEO: a little sneak peek of my conversation with LeBron James before the Cleveland Cavaliers face the Atlanta Hawks on NBA on TNT tonight.
#Playoffs NBA, One of our super-talented NBA on TNT editor/producer teams at work. My conversation with LeBron James airs around our Game 1 broadcast tonight.
#Playoffs NBA Cleveland Cavaliers, Fantastic conversation with LeBron James, on everything from basketball to Batman. Catch it Wednesday on NBA on TNT.
#Playoffs NBA Cleveland Cavaliers, Terrific work by the Washington Post again on another tough night in DC.

#HeartbreakCity Wizards NBA #Playoffs, Always fun to be included on these lists! Looking forward to next year when more women join me on here (and they will)., Latest post on JR Smith's Instagram feed right now...
#UmIsThatSomeShadeThere
NBA Cleveland Cavaliers New York Knicks, Here's the NFL statement on Roger Goodell handling the appeal of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady 4-game suspension (a suspension Goodell's own office issued.) Note the messaging to Brady & the NFL Players Association: 'don't complain; you agreed to this', Tom Thibodeau on whether he'll be the Chicago Bulls coach next year: "Until they tell me I'm not, I expect to be here. That's the way I'm approaching it.", Wow. Huge scoop from Bleacher Report - NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell will personally hear the appeal that New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady filed today on his 4-game suspension. That's Goodell's right under the CBA, but it highlights the issue many players have a problem with: he's the appeals officer on a ruling made by his own office. Brady's camp had asked for an "independent arbitrator" - they're not getting one., VIDEO: For your 2nd screen as you watch the Cleveland Cavaliers play the Chicago Bulls in Game 6, here's my NBA on TNT report with Pau Gasol (hamstring) explaining why he returned tonight., The Cleveland Cavaliers players park right next to our NBA on TNT truck. Guess Kyrie Irving is living that Lamborghini life..., New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady bringing out the big gun for his NFL appeal., VIDEO: LeBron James on-court after the Cleveland Cavaliers Game 5 win over the Chicago Bulls: On his big night, plus getting treatment in his sleep.
#Playoffs NBA, Here's the latest on Craig Sager's fight with leukemia. Fantastic to see him courtside at the Houston Rockets/Los Angeles Clippers game on NBA on TNT.
#SagerStrong NBA, NBA on TNT's Chris Webber on the phantom timeout Cleveland Cavaliers Coach David Blatt tried to call at the end of Game 4: "I wish I had (asst coach) Tyronne Lue on my team 20 years ago.", Come hang with us on NBA on TNT for Game 5 between the Chicago Bulls and Cleveland Cavaliers. I'm with Marvelous Marv Albert and Official Chris Webber, and we've got a good one going already here in Cleveland., Investigator Ted Wells, the man who authored the NFL's #DeflateGate report, addressed the media today...and to say he was a-n-g-r-y at the New England Patriots and Tom Brady is an understatement. Click on the Storify below for the summary:, Here's the photo the New England Patriots are now using as their avatar on their social media accounts. Gee, wonder if they are trying to tell the NFL something?, Here's Pau Gasol testing his strained hamstring before Chicago Bulls shootaround. He is questionable for Game 5 tonight vs the Cleveland Cavaliers. We tip on NBA on TNT at 7p ET.  #Playoffs NBA #FightToTheFinish, Here's what Don Yee, the agent for New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady had to say after Brady was suspended four games. Hint: he is not happy with the NFL.

#######

“The discipline is ridiculous and has no legitimate basis. In my opinion, this outcome was pre-determined; there was no fairness in the Wells investigation whatsoever. There is no evidence that Tom directed footballs be set at pressures below the allowable limits. In fact, the evidence shows Tom clearly emphasized that footballs be set at pressures within the rules. Tom also cooperated with the investigation and answered every question presented to him. The Wells Report presents significant evidence, however, that the NFL lacks standards or protocols with respect to its handling of footballs prior to games; this is not the fault of Tom or the Patriots. The report also presents significant evidence the NFL participated with the Colts in some type of pre-AFC Championship Game planning regarding the footballs. This fact may raise serious questions about the integrity of the games we view on Sundays. We will appeal, and if the hearing officer is completely independent and neutral, I am very confident the Wells Report will be exposed as an incredibly frail exercise in fact-finding and logic. The NFL has a well-documented history of making poor disciplinary decisions that often are overturned when truly independent and neutral judges or arbitrators preside, and a former federal judge has found the commissioner has abused his discretion in the past, so this outcome does not surprise me. Sadly, today’s decision diminishes the NFL as it tells its fans, players and coaches that the games on the field don’t count as much as the games played on Park Avenue.”, Cleveland Cavaliers Kyrie Irving had MRI on his left knee, confirmed diagnosis of tendinitis. Irving also has a sprained right foot. Cavs play the Chicago Bulls on NBA on TNT tomorrow night at 7p ET - should be a great one with the series tied 2-2., The Colorado Rockies posted this photo from the ballpark this morning. In related news, it's May. 
#Yikes MLB, There are plenty of NBA players who have won more than Paul Pierce, but I'm not sure how many have had more fun.
#Clutch Wizards Hawks #Playoffs, VIDEO: Here's the conversation Anderson Cooper & I had on CNN tonight with Don Yee, the agent of embattled New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady:, So I'm no doctor, but this can't be good: Washington Wizards announce John Wall has FIVE non-displaced fractures in his hand and wrist. Status uncertain for the rest of the NBA playoffs., New York tabloids going easy on Tom Brady and the New England Patriots, I see..., Wow. The agent for New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady comes out with a scathing statement on the Wells Report, cites heavy conflict of interest between investigator and NFL, also accuses league of creating a sting operation with the Indianapolis Colts., So...a little accident in our NBA on TNT studios tonight...
Down goes Shaquille!
#OhBoy #Earthquake NBA, Meanwhile, the father of New England Patriots QB Tom Brady defends his son, tells USA TODAY the NFL #DeflateGate report is actually  "Framegate", #DeflateGate report out: NFL investigator says it's likely the New England Patriots deflated footballs on purpose and that Tom Brady was probably "at least generally aware" of what was going on., Cleveland Cavaliers guard JR Smith working on his free throw shooting. Today is the final day of his NBA suspension., This is why we love our main man at NBA on TNT, Ernie Johnson. Wins the Sports Emmy for best studio host, says it should go to Stuart Scott instead, calls Stuart's daughters up to the stage and gives it to them. Amazing. 
#AllClass #BooYah NBA, How great are San Antonio Spurs fans? The team posted these pics of what greeted them at the airport after their first-round loss to the Clippers.  #SanAntonio NBA, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones throws his support behind Manny Pacquiao - ESPN's Dan Rafael snapped this photo Jones left for Manny in his dressing room. #MayPac, Crazy scene at the Floyd Mayweather/Manny Pacquiao weigh-in today. Talked to a few of the fans after; trying to understand the great contradiction of America's fascination with Mayweather. #MayPac #Boxing #LasVegas, So...that will be it for Kevin Love for a while. Cavaliers announce Love had surgery today, out 4-6 months. 
NBA, Camden Yards may have been empty, but the 7th-inning stretch lived at White Sox vs Orioles - including John Denver (as is custom here). The Orioles went on to win one of the most unusual games in MLB history, the first-ever to be played without any fans., Here were the Chicago White Sox just an hour before their game with the Baltimore Orioles, taking batting practice in front of an empty stadium. Crazy day in MLB history., In #Baltimore today for the game the Baltimore Orioles are playing vs the Chicago White Sox - in front of no crowd. First time this has ever happened in the history of MLB., ICYMI, here's the ESPN piece on Floyd Mayweather. You will want to watch this before Saturday's fight:, On his blog DavidSimon.com, the creator of The Wire pleads for an end to tonight's violence in #Baltimore., Cleveland Cavaliers announce Kevin Love is officially out for the entire 2nd round. Unknown if he can come back even if Cavs win their next series - team says he is still exploring/deciding on treatment options. NBA #Playoffs, So these are the last two things Paul Pierce posted to his Facebook page. He officially wins. 

NBA #Playoffs Wizards, So here's how JR Smith got himself ejected from Cavaliers-Celtics. Is he suspended when #CLE opens next series? 
NBA #Playoffs, Here's the Kevin Love shoulder injury during Game 4 of Cavaliers vs Celtics. He won't return today; Cavs still determining long-term prognosis. NBA #Playoffs, So apparently LeBron James and Dwight Howard are playing the world's most insane game of Horse today. Check out these videos posted by Cleveland Cavaliers athletic trainer Mike Mancias and the Houston Rockets.
NBA #Playoffs, LeBron James putting himself in contention for the Cleveland Browns QB spot with this crazy shot athletic trainer Mike Mancias caught on-camera at practice today. 

Cleveland Cavaliers NBA #Playoffs, The unintended fourth member of our NBA on TNT broadcast team at Cavaliers-Celtics.
Yep, it's the NBA playoffs..., Kendrick Perkins always happy to be back at the Garden. #OldHaunts 
Cavaliers Celtics NBA #Playoffs, Behind the Scenes: here's what greeted LeBron James at shootaround before Game 3 of Cavaliers vs Celtics. 
NBA #Playoffs, On Instagram, Kevin Durant offers gratitude to Scott Brooks, also says he supports the Oklahoma City Thunder's decision to fire him "100 percent", As you get ready for tonight's NBA playoff games, here's my 1-on-1 with LeBron James after his 15 4th-quarter points pushed the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 2-0 series lead over the Boston Celtics, Dallas Mavericks Coach Rick Carlisle says he doesn't expect Rajon Rondo to wear a Mavs uniform ever again. Note: it was just four months ago that Dallas gave up Jameer Nelson, Jae Crowder, Brendan Wright, a 1st-round pick & a 2nd-round pick for Rondo., Oklahoma City Thunder fire Head Coach Scott Brooks. Brooks took OKC to three Conference Finals and an NBA Finals. 
Here's the team's statement:, JJ Watt has a 6-year, $100 mil contract & hangs with Caroline Wozniacki. He doesn't care what you think of his dancing. 

NBA NFL Rockets Texans, Atlanta Hawks Coach Mike Budenholzer wins NBA Coach of the Year. Golden State Warriors Steve Kerr finishes second, Milwaukee Bucks Jason Kidd third. Boston Celtics Brad Stevens fourth...what do you guys think of the order?, Amazing atmosphere in Winnipeg for town's first home playoff game in 19 years. Great video courtesy the Winnipeg Jets - now that's a whiteout. 
NHL, The Philadelphia Eagles make it official - Tim Tebow is signed and will wear No. 11. Let the #Tebowmania Madness begin.
#Philadelphia NFL #HereWeGo, Strong piece on Bleacher Report
on NBA players disturbed by the recent incident between the NYPD and the Atlanta Hawks' Thabo Sefolosha, Pretty adorable: One of Matt Barnes' twins wants to be him when he grows up. The other wants to be...Stephen Curry. Love it.

NBA Golden State Warriors Los Angeles Clippers #Playoffs #GameOn, Very impressed with this from Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel, post-rehab. Of course we never know who writes these, but...it's strong.
NFL, The Sopranos creator wrote an essay on the show's final scene, and why that cut to black probably wasn't what you thought it was., Our TNT crew breaks down the NBA's Western Conference playoff race.
Kind of., Free basketball in as we go to overtime here on NBA on TNT. Indiana Pacers trying to stay alive in NBA playoff chase as they battle the Washington Wizards., Washington Wizards star John Wall telling me he's "still salty" about last year's playoffs, wants to kill the Indiana Pacers postseason chances. We've got Wizards v Pacers at 8p ET on NBA on TNT; Pacers in final playoff spot but the Brooklyn Nets also still in play...and have tiebreaker over Indiana. 
NBA #EasternConference #RaceToThePostseason, That the head coach of an NBA team feels obligated to say this tells you the lottery system needs tweaking. 

New York Knicks, No way the NBA produces anything better today than Spuran Spuran, the parody band (oh God I hope it's a parody band) made up of San Antonio Spurs players. And apparently this is just a preview...., Was reading about tonight's public memorial for Lauren Hill and went back and re-watched the conversation I had with her this past fall. Man, the world's so much better for having had her in it., No, Jordan, it wasn't a dream. It was the Beginning. And we all can't wait to watch.

#Masters PGA TOUR #NextBigThing, Okay guys, everybody shhhhh...

Game of Thrones, All this golf is nice, but let's focus on what's important. 

Game of Thrones, Jonesing for #Masters coverage before CBS hits the air at 3p ET? We're broadcasting from the 1st Fairway! 2:30p ET on CNN - a Bleacher Report All-Access Special!, VIDEO: Bubba Watson talks about the The Dukes of Hazzard and being a "new-age redneck." The 2x Masters champ is part of our #Masters CNN/Bleacher Report special - airs at 2:30p ET on CNN., Arnold Palmer tells the best stories - we get a bunch of them, including how he invented the 'Arnold Palmer' on our CNN/Bleacher Report #Masters special. Airs 2:30p ET/11:30a PT on CNN. Join us!, F-u-n. I'll be hosting a #Masters special tomorrow, incl interviews with Arnold Palmer, defending champ Bubba Watson and phenom Jordan Spieth. Join us for a CNN/Bleacher Report special - 2:30p ET on CNN. 
(And this is good time to recognize the group who puts together all these specials I've been hosting: producers, photojournalists, editors. Terrific bunch and successful too! Our Super Bowl & Final Four specials won their timeslots in the demo across all cable news. Big thanks to them!!), ICYMI, My NBA on TNT conversation with Indiana Pacers star Paul George: "You never know how much you miss something until it's gone"

NBA, Crushing news:  Lauren Hill has died at the age of 19., The latest in the interview series I've been doing for NBA on TNT airs tonight: "The Inside Story: Paul George"
#HesBack Indiana Pacers NBA, Indiana Pacers star Paul George opens up on his grueling rehab: "I just wanted to quit." How he found the strength to push through, in our conversation on NBA on TNT tonight.
NBA, What a treat spending time with Arnold Palmer at Augusta today! Interview airs on The #Masters special I'll be hosting Saturday on CNN, Trading in basketball for golf today so I can sit down with the great Arnold Palmer at Augusta National. Always a treat to be at #TheMasters., I admit it...I'm a sucker for this every time...
VIDEO: One Shining Moment, recapping NCAA March Madness like no other., VIDEO: An emotional Tyus Jones in the moments after Duke wins the national title: "This team is full of fighters."
NCAA March Madness #FinalFour #Champions, VIDEO: Duke's Coach K after winning his fifth national championship: "It's as good a feeling as I've had in sports."

#FinalFour NCAA March Madness #Champions, Powerful sitdown with Indiana Pacers star Paul George on his grueling road back to the NBA, why he wanted to give up - and why he didn't. Airs Thursday on NBA on TNT., In the middle of the Madness!
Great to be on-court with this Duke  team celebrating its win. And congrats too to the Wisconsin Badgers - what a great run for them as well. Terrific #FinalFour., One of the best moments of the night happened before the ball was even tipped. Nicely done, Roy Williams.

Wisconsin Badgers North Carolina Tar Heels NCAA March Madness, From the floor of the #FinalFour: The Wisconsin Badgers are LOOSE before the title game. 
NCAA March Madness, Just saw the Google Maps-turns-into-a-Pacman-board feature for the first time. A-mazing. 
Works for anywhere - just go to the Google Maps site and click the icon in the lower left corner., Interviewed retired NBA referee Dick Bavetta this morning when he was announced for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. When he noted that racing Charles Barkley back in 2007 was a career highlight, I asked who was a better kisser: his wife, or Charles. His answer: Charles. 
Yep.
If you don't remember it, here's the video..., Carolina Panthers QB Cam Newton posted this Instagram video of him wrapping himself up in a giant plastic bubble and then running at his friends. So, pretty much what you did with your Easter, right? 
NFL, Kentucky Wildcats Coach John Calipari at the Basketball Hall of Fame announcement ceremony. After being asked what this #FinalFour has been like, he said: "Did you watch the game? Thank God the hotel didn't have windows that opened"

NCAA March Madness, Was able to dash from the set to catch the end of Paul George's return to the NBA. Great love from the Indiana Pacers fans!, Wisconsin Badgers star Frank Kaminsky on Kentucky's Andrew Harrison's postgame comments at the #FinalFour: “He reached out. We talked about it. Over it. Nothing needs to be made of it."

NCAA March Madness, Double vision at the #FinalFour!
Spent the afternoon with Duke's Mike Krzyzewski and Wisconsin Badgers Coach Bo Ryan. Great coaches, great conversations. So...who do you guys think become the Kings of March Madness on Monday night?, As baseball returns, check out Major League Baseball players reciting that terrific James Earl Jones speech from Field of Dreams:, This is just nuts - the Wisconsin Badgers return to their team hotel after beating Kentucky. March Madness, indeed., Interviewing Duke's Coach K after the Blue Devils win over Michigan State in the #FinalFour. Monday will be his 9th national title game. 
NCAA March Madness, Kentucky and Wisconsin had a pregame Twitter dance-off before the #FinalFour. That all this video was just readily available is...amazing. 
NCAA March Madness, Watching Duke star Jahlil Okafor at the #FinalFour swatting these shots away, and wondering about his hands? ESPN's Shannon Spake took this pic of him palming a basketball. I mean...come on. This is a real, full-size basketball., From the floor of the #FinalFour: Michigan State fans trying to will the Spartans to come back in this game. All about the Madness..., From the floor of the #FinalFour: the Duke Basketball fans here are FIRED UP. March Madness in full force., From the midnight show Journey did here at the #FinalFour last night. Just slightly better than my karaoke version...
March Madness #LetTheGamesBegin, Come hang for the pre-pre-game show! I'll be hosting Bleacher Report All-Access at the #FinalFour on CNN at 2:30p ET/11:30a PT. That's SOON, so come hang with us for a behind-the-scenes look at Wisconsin, Duke, Kentucky and Michigan State. We're getting ready to rock!, Three Big Ten products right here! Guess which two played basketball 😀
Join us for a #FinalFour Special at 2:30p ET/11:30a PT on CNN. We're combining forces with TBS and Bleacher Report for a March Madness extravaganza featuring all sorts of behind-the-scenes looks at Kentucky, Wisconsin, Duke and Michigan State!, Join us tomorrow for a great pre-pre-game(!) special at the #FinalFour. Sitdowns with all four coaches, behind-the-scenes with the players...we're joining the forces of TBS, Bleacher Report and CNN for a blockbuster extravaganza to give you the best of March Madness. Airs 2:30p ET/11:30a PT on CNN., Two best sports t-shirts I've seen floating around online today.
Nice work, Texas & Michigan State, This is pretty great: A college pitcher sacrifices his senior season to save a boy he's never met., A very entertaining interview with Kentucky Wildcats Coach John Calipari, including how he's been using the story of Secretariat to motivate his team.
NCAA March Madness, Duke Basketball's Coach K sits down with me on the eve of his record-tying 12th Final Four to explain exactly how he's done it: "Adapt"

NCAA March Madness, Final Four-palooza!
I'm hosting the pre-pre-game(!) show tomorrow with Clark Kellogg and Steve Smith. Sitdowns with all four coaches, behind-the-scenes of March Madness with the players...we're joining the forces of TBS Network, Bleacher Report and CNN for a blockbuster extravaganza. Join us!, NCAA President Mark Emmert giving his annual press conference, discussing wanting to see Indiana's #ReligiousFreedom law changed: "This is more important than a basketball tournament.", Michigan State Coach Tom Izzo having a laugh with us about his March Magic: "Contrary to popular belief, I do coach in November & December too" 

NCAA March Madness #FinalFour #HereWeGo, Spending the day conducting interviews at the #FinalFour, and look who wandered in... 

Duke Basketball March Madness #HereWeGo, Indiana leaders reach compromise, propose changes to religious freedom law: Refusal of service based on sexual orientation, gender identity would no longer be allowed. Here's the NCAA's response:, Indiana leaders propose changes to religious freedom law: Refusal of service based on sexual orientation, gender identity would no longer be allowed., So.
Good.

The Breakfast Club, The front page of tomorrow's IndyStar., Difficult news: Craig Sager's leukemia has returned. A message from the Sager family with the latest update on Craig. Sending all good thoughts to our friend. 
#SagerStrong NBA on TNT #BeatCancer NBA, If this is the reward, I guess it's no wonder he made those free throws...

Kentucky Wildcats March Madness, Here's the essay Wisconsin Badgers star Frank Kaminsky & I were talking about in his postgame interview, where he wrote why he stayed in school. Great to have him a part of March Madness for one more year before we see him in the NBA., Happy Wisconsin Badgers...on-court after their win over the Arizona Wildcats. Wisconsin the first #FinalFour team on the board. Who's next for March Madness?, Pretty nice to have an NFL MVP around to cheer on your team during NCAA March Madness, right Wisconsin Badgers?, Video of Tom Brady cliff-diving. 
In other words, if you're a New England Patriots fan, I'd recommend a shot of Tequila before watching this.

#MaybeTwoShots NFL, A behind-the-scenes peek at our TBS production meeting with Arizona Wildcats Coach Sean Miller as his team preps to face the Wisconsin Badgers in the #EliteEight. Lovin' March Madness!, The Atlanta Hawks lock up the Eastern Conference's top seed, re-name themselves on Twitter.

NBA, North Carolina Tar Heels Coach Roy Williams just checked in with F Kennedy Meeks. Meeks (sprained knee) WILL play tonight vs the Wisconsin Badgers. 

NCAA March Madness, Yeah, this is pretty great: former North Carolina Tar Heels Coach Dean Smith's will leaves each of his former players $200 for a "dinner out" on him., Yeah, this is pretty great: former North Carolina Tar Heels Coach Dean Smith's will leaves each of his former players $200 for a "dinner out" on him., Arizona Basketball Coach Sean Miller recommended that Xavier University give his former assistant Chris Mack the school's head coaching job. Now the two are facing off in the #SweetSixteen. Great March Madness story., Watching March Madness practices as the North Carolina Tar Heels get ready for the Wisconsin Badgers. All eyes on big man Kennedy Meeks, who is questionable for the game - looks comfortable moving here..., Every time I start to get mad at the Internet, it goes & does something like this. People can be pretty great sometimes., Back flip fun captured by the players in the Gonzaga Basketball locker room, plus Coach Mark Few doing a (sorta) handstand after making it to the Sweet Sixteen. Love March Madness!, Got my next NCAA March Madness assignment: heading to #LA to work the West Regional!
So here are the teams - who do you guys see coming out of our site? Wisconsin Badgers  Arizona Wildcats Men's Basketball North Carolina Tar Heels #XavierMusketeers #BringItOnBaby, Good Morning.
Sunset on one coast. Sunrise on the other. 
#NYC #EWR #PDX, Notre Dame Coach Mike Brey just revealed to the media that his mother died Saturday morning of a heart attack - and then hours later he went on to coach the Fighting Irish to an overtime win in the NCAA Tournament. Just gut-wrenching..., If you love Steve Nash (and if you don't, you're a communist), read this sensational farewell from the Canadian NBA writer who has chronicled his whole career. 

LA Lakers Phoenix Suns Dallas Mavericks, As Utah Basketball beats Georgetown , the #Utes band wishes the #Hoyas farewell. 
NCAA March Madness, Crossing the bridge over the Willamette River in #Portland. What a great weekend here - loved our NCAA March Madness site!

#OnToTheSweetSixteen #CantWait, We're about to get started here in Portland on CBS Sports - Arizona Wildcats vs Ohio State Buckeyes. This should be a great one - love March Madness!!, This is what happens when Reggie Miller gets itchy in an empty gym as we're waiting for NCAA March Madness practices. 
#NoMisses, Great moment with Ohio State Buckeyes Coach Thad Matta & a bloody but victorious D'Angelo Russell after their OT win. Can't wait for #OSU-#Arizona on Saturday. 

NCAA March Madness, Georgetown Basketball brings it in before beating Eastern Washington University. It's been a tough five years for #Hoyas fans - lots of exhaling in the building here in Portland. 
NCAA March Madness, Eight teams here in #Portland & I think every single school band has played Uptown Funk. Not sure Bruno Mars & Mark Ronson envisioned the tuba on this one, but hey ...

NCAA March Madness, My favorite NCAA March Madness moment we've had so far here in Portland...a great OT game between the Ohio State Buckeyes and Virginia Commonwealth University. Terrific one to be on the sidelines for., Okay, that's pretty great...

Kentucky Wildcats NCAA March Madness, NCAA National Coordinator of Officiating John Adams explains call at end of SMU-UCLA Game

March Madness, Nice moment pre-game for Virginia Commonwealth University's Shaka Smart and Ohio State Buckeyes Coach Thad Matta - we're about to tip on TNT 
NCAA March Madness, Stephen Curry is just toying with us now.
All of us.

Golden State Warriors NBA #DubNation #NotEvenFair, Talking to Georgetown University big man Josh Smith as the No. 4 seed #Hoyas  prep for No. 13 Eastern Washington University here in Portland. Love March Madness!, Each year at March Madness, we watch all eight teams at our NCAA site practice. Never seen a head coach do this before...University of Utah Men's Basketball Coach Larry Krystkowiak doing push-ups while his team works the floor., Do we think Starbucks going to limit how many times a day they'll deliver? Asking for a friend..., This is so great. The Hampton bench does the celebration from Major League after a free throw. (Of course, the movie came out in 1989. Before any of these kids were born. But hey...)
NCAA March Madness #GetReady, Here's the Grantland podcast I did with Bill Simmons at South by Southwest. We talk about the tumultuous year in the NFL, where sports media is headed next, plus which are our favorite cities to visit (New Orleans anyone??)  #SXSW #BSReport, I don't even know where to begin...
Associated Press Correction: Accused murderer Robert Durst is not a former member of Limp Bizkit.

HBO The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst, On set at Comedy Central for 
The Nightly Show, with Wale, former Congressman Barney Frank, comedian Rob Coddry and Host Larry Wilmore, talking NCAA and whether college athletes should be paid. What do you guys think?, Did a BS Report with Bill Simmons for Grantland when we were at South by Southwest. Sports...humor...obscure references...check it out...
#SXSW #Austin, Heading over to Comedy Central to be a guest on The Nightly Show. Airs tonight at 11:30p ET....I am preparing all my knock-knock jokes., U.S. National Weather Service (NWS) makes it official - snowiest winter in Boston history. Um, congratulations?, Great time at South by Southwest today - moderated a panel with Funny Or Die on athletes & comedy, and then another with NASCAR and MLB on technology and sports. Smart people, smart conversation., With Bill Simmons & Charles Barkley in the Grantland studio at SXSW in Austin. The Chuckster and I each did a BS Report podcast with Bill., Phenomenal night last night working the Cleveland Cavaliers-San Antonio Spurs game on NBA on TNT with Chris Webber, Charles Barkley and Kevin Harlan. One of the better NBA games I've seen in person, and a great crew to watch it with. (Although looking at this photo, I may need to work on, well, growing...), We've got the final 6 minutes of a phenomenal game on NBA on TNT: Cleveland Cavaliers vs San Antonio Spurs. Kawhi Leonard and Tony Parker are on fire, and Kyrie Irving is doing...this:, The NFL Competition Committee is reportedly set to tweak the whole is-it-a-catch/not-a-catch rule. Happy to provide a dictionary if they need it., Apparently Entertainment Weekly has 30 pages on Game of Thrones this week. So...you might not see me for a little while., Love this pic Craig Sager Jr snapped of the cake NBA on TNT presented to his dad. 
#WelcomeBackSager #TurnerFam #SagerStyle NBA, Apparently even Drew Brees's kids are upset about the New Orleans Saints trading Jimmy Graham to the Seattle Seahawks - Drew just tweeted out this photo.  
#OffseasonMadness NFL, The Darrelle Revis action figure series. Collect all three...or just pick the New York Jets. Will only cost you about $70 million. ($39 million guaranteed, according to the NY Daily News)
NFL #FreeAgency #Bonkers, Jimmy Graham switches his Twitter bio to "traded" after being dealt from the New Orleans Saints to the Seattle Seahawks., Spent the past couple days prepping for NCAA March Madness with the Turner and CBS Sports crews - here with Director Suzanne Smith, sideline rock stars Tracy Wolfson & Allie LaForce, and producer Emily Deutsch.
#LoveThisGroup #AlmostHere #EmbraceTheMadness, Went to go pick up a package at the Post Office, and this was on the back wall behind the counter. #Ummm, So how exactly are the Atlanta Hawks doing it? Sports Illustrated with a great behind-the-scenes look at the NBA's most surprising story., Yeah, because this is *totally* something mere mortals can do.

#NotReally NBA Golden State Warriors Los Angeles Clippers #StephSpectacular, Good night, #NewYork, Best thing in sports today: IPL Power lighting up their building in downtown Indianapolis in honor of Reggie Wayne.

NFL Colts, Sorry, I cannot get on-board with this., Hey look - he's back! #WelcomeBackSager to the sidelines, right now on NBA on TNT. We missed you, my friend!!!

NBA Chicago Bulls Oklahoma City Thunder, Love seeing the NBA join with Facebook for the #LeanInTogether campaign. Here's the video players made:, Yikes.
New York Giants TE Larry Donnell was among those on this plane; fortunately no major injuries., A sight for sore eyes! Craig Sager kicked leukemia's butt and now he is back on the sidelines at 8p ET tonight on NBA on TNT...and he's promising an ensemble even more tricked-out than this one! 

Chicago Bulls Oklahoma City Thunder #NBA #WelcomeBackSager, Terrific read from Jane McManus with Curt Schilling, on the abusive attacks that have long plagued women online.
MLB Boston Red Sox Arizona Diamondbacks Philadelphia Phillies, A sincere thank you to The Gracies for the Outstanding On-Air Talent/Sports award. What a killer group of women to be included in!, The Indiana Pacers' Paul George is perplexed by the Denver Nuggets coaching change, My plane just landed. 
Clearly, I have made some poor decisions., CJ Spiller just said on NFL Network that a Buffalo Bills front office exec just called him and said 'thank you for your service. On the LeSean McCoy trade: "I thought they were joking.", Big NFL news from Adam Schefter: The LeSean McCoy era with the Philadelphia Eagles may be over. McCoy's agent says 'not so fast.' (Of course, Rosenhaus tweet very agent-y...trades aren't legal yet so by definition nothing could be finalized.) Still, should be an interesting week., Big NFL news from Adam Schefter: The LeSean McCoy era with the Philadelphia Eagles appears to be over., Great spending time this afternoon with Bubba Watson for CNN. Anyone who owns the original General Lee is good by me., Took this outside American Airlines Arena before the 
Phoenix Suns-Miami Heat game. So basically, finding new and creepy ways to use the slo-mo function on my iPhone..., Man, the Chicago Bulls cannot catch a break. Jimmy Butler out 3-6 weeks with a severe elbow sprain., Kevin Garnett bought a thousand tickets to Monday's Minnesota Timberwolves game vs the Los Angeles Clippers & is giving them away to fans on the team's website tomorrow., We will miss you, Anthony Mason. 
Rest in Peace., Winner.

#Dress Los Angeles Clippers NBA, Making my way to MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference to lead a panel on the new playoff system's impact on college football. Hello, Boston.
#SSAC15, Yep, this pretty much sums up yesterday on the Internet:, When you have the series finale of a show waiting in your iTunes queue and you know that after you press the button, there won't be any more...
#ParksAndRec, The very definition of a slow news day...two llamas loose in Arizona, and you can watch the "chase" live., Dallas Mavericks announce they've suspended Rajon Rondo for tonight's game versus the Atlanta Hawks for conduct detrimental to the team. Meaning, for this:, Love this story about the Carolina Panthers players donating their hair to sick kids. 
#KickCancer, Tom Brady with the photoshop skills.

New England Patriots NFL, What's the prognosis for the Chicago Bulls Derrick Rose? Here's what the Chicago Tribune's KC Johnson is reporting:, What tough news for the Chicago Bulls Derrick Rose, who will now undergo his third knee surgery in three years. Blow to anyone who is a fan of the NBA, good basketball and good people., Solid logic to me...

Welcome back to the Minnesota Timberwolves, Kevin Garnett, Ricky Rubio is usually a strong defender, but James Harden may owe him a Get Well Soon gift basket after this play.
#BreakingAnkles Houston Rockets Minnesota Timberwolves NBA, The Cleveland Browns have updated their logos; helmets will be even orangey-er (yes I've decided thats a word). 
NFL #DawgPound, About that NBA All Star Game dunk...
My conversation with Dallas Mavericks star Dirk Nowitzki, Hudson River, #NYC 
Yep, still cold., So great to see the Miami Heat's Chris Bosh smiling and with his family., Tonight the Golden State Warriors debut their Chinese New Year jerseys versus the San Antonio Spurs. Warriors very popular with NBA fans in China; Klay Thompson recently broke with Nike to sign with Chinese shoe company ANTA., Yesterday's NBA Trade Deadline Day was crazy. This chart by Matt D'Anna explains it all. Sort of., Took this picture when flying over the Midwest today. Looks almost lunar. 
#DeepFreeze, Window Seat View.
Flying back to #NewYork. Clear and crisp and...wait, it looks cold down there., VIDEO: James Harden: The Inside Story 
The Houston Rockets All Star discusses why he thinks he's a "great" leader, and how he learned to know his own worth. Plus...the lowdown on the Beard., Scary, scary stuff for Miami Heat's Chris Bosh. Could miss the rest of the season due to what's feared are blood clots in his lungs., Kevin Durant's  #ShoeGame. In-game statement, postgame style.

Oklahoma City Thunder NBA, The Beard speaks! James Harden is the subject our latest "The Inside Story" sitdown on #InsideTheNBA - coming up tonight after  San Antonio Spurs-Los Angeles Clippers. (Plus some very cool illustrations from Filip Peraić)

Houston Rockets NBA, Another big bombshell on the race for an NFL team (teams?) in LA.  The Los Angeles Times reporting that the San Diego Chargers, The Oakland Raiders are moving forward with plans to build a stadium there together., Michael Jordan likes to play golf. Fast. Apparently so fast he feels he needs to build his own course so he doesn't have to wait to play through anyone else., Catch MVP candidate James Harden in the latest installment of my new NBA on TNT interview series: The Inside Story. Airs tonight on our Inside the NBA postgame show. 

Houston Rockets NBA, Sitting down with Kevin Durant to talk about feeling comfortable in his own skin, the Oklahoma City Thunder's playoff push, and why he got so frustrated during NBA All Star weekend., The Land of 10,000 Lakes...and Kevin Garnett?, Woke up in #NYC, stopped in #Atlanta, heading to #OklahomaCity. Lovely of Mother Nature to throw in a nice view along the way., This is clever. Although if it was *really* Game of Thrones over there, Bill Belichick would have phrased it "Cincinnati is coming", It's official: Dallas Mavericks announce they've signed Amar'e Stoudemire. 
NBA, This rivalry runs DEEP.
#Tarheels #BlueDevils, Don't torture me like this, HBO..., Loved spending the last few hours with Christine Brennan, Pam Oliver and Cassidy Hubbarth on Medill - Northwestern University's sports media panel.
#SmartTalk #LikeAGirl, A happy #FatTuesday to all my friends in New Orleans (Although the New Orleans Pelicans Baby King Cake mascot still terrifies me) 

NBA #MardisGras, Looking through pics from NBA #AllStar Sunday - having Craig Sager back on TV definitely the highlight for  our NBA on TNT crew!, First sign I see after landing at the Chicago airport. You know, #Chicago...WHERE IT'S 16° RIGHT NOW., Scenes from NBA #AllStar2015 - some pictures from courtside, Bye bye Amar'e Stoudemire - the big man agrees to a buyout with the New York Knicks., Thrilled to have drawn sideline reporter duties for tonight's NBA
#AllStar Game - tip is just a few minutes away. Join us on NBA on TNT!, Heading over to the NBA #AllStar game with Shaquille O' Neal - hmm, whose coat do we think is more expensive?, Oh yeah...crazy-good slow mo of Zach LaVine's dunks from last night.

#NBAAllStarNYC, Zach LaVine's dunks.
You know, if you like that sort of thing.
NBA #AllStar, How did Houston Rockets star James Harden prepare for the NBA All Star 3-pt contest? He got stuck in an elevator for 25 minutes..., Fun with the State Farm "twins" - clearly I need to up my argyle game., About to shoot a State Farm spot - why do I have a sneaking suspicion Cliff Paul is about to show up?, My Valentine's date! Kristen Ledlow and I take a turn in the NBA on TNT
#AllStar photo booth, My interview schedule today:
James Harden
Kevin Durant
Chris Paul
Carmelo Anthony
LeBron James

Yep, it's NBA All-Star..., Love this pic from last night taken by Becky Penhaker - me and Rising Stars MVP Andrew Wiggins in the middle of the madness postgame., #LikeAGirl
Mo'ne Davis puts the nasty spin move on KKevin Hart

#SprintCeleb NNBA#NBAAllStarNYC, Peyton Manning tells Denver Broncos he’s ‘physically and mentally’ ready to return, My NBA All-Star weekend has officially begun! Just moderated a panel at #NBATechSummit - love talking smart ideas with smart people., First Chinese female astronaut gives birth; begins training for next mission.
#LikeAGirl, Chicago, doing Chicago things, Cleveland Cavaliers Kevin Love (eye) is officially out tonight vs the Chicago Bulls, Behind the scenes - our NBA on TNT production meeting with Cleveland Cavaliers Coach David Blatt. Cavs vs Chicago Bulls tips at 8p ET/7p CT, So this is a little awkward...
Points to New England Patriots Coach Bill Belichick for going on the show, though, And another one falls...
New Orleans Pelicans Anthony Davis (shoulder) won't play in the NBA All Star Game., Damn, missed this...

House of Cards #Addict #BewareTheMetro, Sending all good thoughts out to Mase...Former New York Knicks stalwart Anthony Mason, 48, fighting for his life after heart complications., There was no one quite like Jerry Tarkanian - love this piece on the life and times of the the ultimate rebel., Atlanta Hawks Kyle Korver gets the nod to replace Dwyane Wade in the NBA All-Star game., Interviewing the LA Lakers Nick Young, although he's definitely giving us the full Swaggy P right now. Says he's wearing this shirt because Elvis will be in the building tonight. 
Catch Denver Nuggets vs #Lakers on NBA on TNT at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT., Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade (hamstring) says he won't play in the NBA All-Star game. Who do you want to see take his spot?, City of Angels, Congrats to Gregg Popovich & the San Antonio Spurs! Loved witnessing more than a few of your 1,000. Looking forward to many more.  NBA, That I can walk into a metal tube & then six hours later be on the other side of the country never stops being cool.
#NewYork #LA #UpInTheAir, Los Angeles Clippers say Blake Griffin's surgery to remove staph infection in his elbow was successful. Will be re-evaluated in three weeks.
NBA, If you don't love Bill Raftery, you don't love college basketball. Can't wait for NCAA March Madness!, Sad news: former Univeristy of North Carolina basketball head coach Dean Smith passed away on Saturday night at age 83., As usual, the NY Post goes for subtle on its Brian Williams cover..., George Karl to the Sacramento Kings? 

NBA, Los Angeles Clippers Chris Paul fined $25,000. Standard NBA fine for public criticism of an official., Seriously, how amazing would this be if it actually happened???
Kevin Durant offers 1-on-1 challenge for his spot in the NBA All Star Game., Window Seat view., Golden State Warriors Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson get the Mario treatment!
NBA #DubNation, Had a fun catch-up with Rasheed Wallace, who was courtside here at the Portland Trail Blazers game. Asked him if he missed playing at all, he pointed to the officials and said "I don't miss them." (Sidenote: it was here in Portland he set an NBA record with 40 technicals in one season.) Also asked him if he'd consider re-joining an NBA coaching staff (was briefly an assistant with the Detroit Pistons); he told me "too many egos" at this level, but maybe at the college level. Your move, UNC.
#Sheed #BallDontLie, Gotta love Doc Rivers...took the time to apologize to a young Los Angeles Clippers fan who had to sit through that loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers, In Portland to work tonight's Phoenix Suns vs Portland Trail Blazers game. City really taking the whole "it rains a lot here" thing seriously. 

NBA #RipCity NBA on TNT, Shot Chart for Stephen Curry from the Golden State Warriors come-from-behind win tonight. 

Also know as...art.

NBA #DubNation #MVP, Mark Cuban watches Stephen Curry and pretty much thinks what the rest of the free world is thinking: you have got to be kidding me. #51Points #MVP

Golden State Warriors NBA, Great photo - U.S. Navy aircraft carrier passes through a rainbow, 5a in Phoenix, and the New England Patriots championship gear is already out at the airport.  #SB49, Only postgame comment I've seen so far from Seattle Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch.
#SB49, The front page of tomorrow's Boston Globe

New England Patriots  NFL  #SB49, Wow, the New York Daily News does not play...

New England Patriots NFL #SB49, New England Patriots Danny Amendola after I asked him about the effects of the past two weeks: "I know that trophy isn't deflated, so we're all good."

#SB49   NFL, Tom Brady is your Super Bowl MVP.

 #SB49 New England Patriots, The most tumultuous season in NFL history ends with one of the craziest Super Bowls ever.

America, all bets are off.

#SB49   New England Patriots, Twitter page of the Seattle Seahawks Chris Matthews. I have a feeling some of these numbers will look different tomorrow. #SB49, Man, if the Seattle Seahawks win this, they'll do it banged up. DE Cliff Avril now being evaluated for a concussion. Questionable to return.

#SB49 NFL, #SB49, I can't be the only one, right?
#KatyPerry #SB49, Missy Elliott. I'm officially in now.
#SB49, Just ran into (former Seattle SuperSonic) Kevin Durant in the hallway underneath the stadium. Told me being here was "on the bucket list." 

#SuperBowl   New England Patriots  Seattle Seahawks #SB49, Just texted with Seattle Seahawks CB Richard Sherman. He tells me his girlfriend Ashley is not experiencing any signs of labor & that he will indeed be playing in the AZ Super Bowl today

NFL #SB49, Good news from on-site at the #SuperBowl: 
1. the fog is clearing
2. the steel drum band knows how to play A-ha

Seattle Seahawks. New England Patriots.  NFL, Have been getting questions about AZ Super Bowl ticket prices. Here's the latest from StubHub

New England Patriots  Seattle Seahawks  NFL #SB49, Great start to #SuperBowl morning, working with legend Lynn Swann on CNN. (And yes, there's a stadium beyond all that fog behind us!) 

Seattle Seahawks   New England Patriots   NFL #SB49, What was the prop bet on New England Patriots Coach Bill Belichick being involved in a selfie this week?, Cool picture - and Pete Carroll is right...there are Seattle Seahawks fans EVERYWHERE here in Phoenix. 12s travel well., Some pics from our NFL #SuperBowl special. Great co-hosting with Dan Marino & so nice to have Drew Brees stop by to talk about Junior Seau, who's up for election into the Hall of Fame. You guys would vote for Junior, right?, A little pre-show pow-wow with Dan Marino from our AZ Super Bowl Special. 4:30p ET on CNN& around the globe on CNN International.
Drew Brees, Randall Cobb, Pete Carroll , Ben Watson & Mike Freeman join us - you should too :)

 New England Patriots Seattle Seahawks NFL, Love this Instagram post from the Portland Trail Blazers Damian Lillard, This was me taping the Charlie Rose Show this morning. But if you turn on PBS right now, you can see the same thing with noise and moving pictures.

NFL AZ Super Bowl, If you have a daughter, you need to pay attention to this ad (will air during the Super Bowl), This Jimmy Kimmel bit with Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Chris Evans and company on #DeflateGate is pretty great, Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll says that if Richard Sherman's 9-months-pregnant girlfriend happens to go into labor this Sunday, the team will support whatever choice he makes, re: playing in game vs being at the hospital. Carroll adds: "Can't wait to see little Petey.", Another Hall of Famer weighs in: Joe Montana tells Boston Globe he thinks Tom Brady is behind New England Patriots deflated footballs., Great Super Bowl special this weekend on CNN! 
Dan Marino & I co-host, Pete Carroll opens up about the road less traveled...plus Drew Brees & Randall Cobb stop by.

New England Patriots Seattle Seahawks NFL, Can someone explain what halftime performer Katy Perry was wearing in her Super Bowl press conference today? Was this a tribute to PSI/air pressure regulations?, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady with a #tbt of his 6-year-old self dressed up as Joe Montana for Halloween., VIDEO: Emotional Indiana Pacers guard Paul George opens up about suffering his gruesome leg injury 
NBA, Good night, Phoenix.
Lotta TV down....lots more to go...let's do it all over again tomorrow, CNN

Seattle Seahawks New England Patriots NFL, Tristan Thompson with some great locker room video of the Cleveland Cavaliers surprising Kyrie Irving after he dropped 55 POINTS, Microsoft is sponsoring the Super Bowl special that Dan Marino and I are co-hosting on CNN this weekend, and now these are all over the office...
(btw, who knew they made NFL paper towels???), Mystery solved, re: the man who shoveled The Boston Marathon Finish Line.
#BostonStrong, #BostonStrong: A mystery man was seen shoveling The Boston Marathon finish line in the middle of this week's storm., Ten hours later and I'm still watching this on a loop..Stephen Curry is just ridiculous.

Golden State Warriors  #NBA, Oh come ON, Stephen Curry

Golden State Warriors NBA #Wow, Picture is grainy; outing was not!
As Michael Wilbon always says, these two 'raised' me. Loved those Washington Post days, Super Bowl Media Day - a nice little intimate affair with the New England Patriots and Seattle Seahawks, Super Bowl Media Day madness with the New England Patriots and Seattle Seahawks - a nice, intimate affair., Seattle Seahawks corner Richard Sherman goes HARD on the NFL league office to Sports Illustrated. Whole article is here: http://t.co/AqQ06rzvyt

And here's the excerpt:, New England Patriots Coach Bill Belichick: Smiling., A visibly emotional Robert Kraft speaks out as the New England Patriots arrive here in Phoenix for the Super Bowl. Challenges the league office, says he expects an apology from the NFL if their investigation does not "definitively determine" the Patriots tampered with AFC Championship Game footballs. Adds that Bill Belichick and Tom Brady have never lied to him, and he's disappointed their integrity has been questioned., Fox's Jay Glazer w/news on NFL investigation into the New England Patriots, Frozen tundra. Or, well, maybe more like frozen suburbs. 
View from the air en route to the Super Bowl

NFL New England Patriots Seattle Seahawks, NBA announces that two games tonight: Sacramento Kings  at New York Knicks and Portland Trail Blazers at Brooklyn Nets have both been postponed due to, well, you know..., Hard-hitting GQ Magazine piece on NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell - the first anecdote, re: New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft worth the read alone, Trying to go all Kurt Russell this morning...
#EscapeFromNewYork 

Seattle Seahawks New England Patriots NFL, Things you don't want to see before leaving for the airport..., Well, as long as no one is overhyping it or anything..., Well, that didn't take long...

Seattle Seahawks New England Patriots #DeflateGate, If you have young kids, this is pretty funny., Beautiful (and sad) photo tribute to Chicago Cubs legend Ernie Banks through the years, from USA TODAY Sports, Here's the full NFL statement on the ongoing #DeflateGate investigation. 

######
 
Our office has been conducting an investigation as to whether the footballs used in last Sunday’s AFC Championship Game complied with the specifications that are set forth in the playing rules. The investigation began based on information that suggested that the game balls used by the New England Patriots were not properly inflated to levels required by the playing rules, specifically Playing Rule 2, Section 1, which requires that the ball be inflated to between 12.5 and 13.5 pounds per square inch. Prior to the game, the game officials inspect the footballs to be used by each team and confirm that this standard is satisfied, which was done before last Sunday’s game.
 
The investigation is being led jointly by NFL Executive Vice President Jeff Pash and Ted Wells of the law firm of Paul Weiss. Mr. Wells and his firm bring additional expertise and a valuable independent perspective. The investigation began promptly on Sunday night. Over the past several days, nearly 40 interviews have been conducted, including of Patriots personnel, game officials, and third parties with relevant information and expertise. We have obtained and are continuing to obtain additional information, including video and other electronic information and physical evidence. We have retained Renaissance Associates, an investigatory firm with sophisticated forensic expertise to assist in reviewing electronic and video information. 
 
The playing rules are intended to protect the fairness and integrity of our games. We take seriously claims that those rules have been violated and will fully investigate this matter without compromise or delay. The investigation is ongoing, will be thorough and objective, and is being pursued expeditiously. In the coming days, we expect to conduct numerous additional interviews, examine video and other forensic evidence, as well as relevant physical evidence. While the evidence thus far supports the conclusion that footballs that were under-inflated were used by the Patriots in the first half, the footballs were properly inflated for the second half and confirmed at the conclusion of the game to have remained properly inflated. The goals of the investigation will be to determine the explanation for why footballs used in the game were not in compliance with the playing rules and specifically whether any noncompliance was the result of deliberate action. We have not made any judgments on these points and will not do so until we have concluded our investigation and considered all of the relevant evidence. 
 
Upon being advised of the investigation, the Patriots promptly pledged their full cooperation and have made their personnel and other information available to us upon request.  Our investigation will seek information from any and all relevant sources and we expect full cooperation from other clubs as well. As we develop more information and are in a position to reach conclusions, we will share them publicly., Seriously, the New York tabloids need to send the New England Patriots a thank-you note., Seriously, the New York tabloids need to buy the New England Patriots a thank-you present, This is...disturbing., Check out the NBA on TNT postgame show - I ask the New Orleans Pelicans Anthony Davis to show off his sketchbook skills by drawing the Chuckster.
 NBA, Golden State Warriors Stephen Curry - class act., Yep, it's infectious...that's Marv Albert, Reggie Miller and Grant Hill discussing the proper inflation of a basketball on our NBA on TNT broadcast of San Antonio Spurs v Chicago Bulls, Coming up next on NNBA on TNT- my interview with AAnthony Davis Bow to the Brow!, Huge respect for Jeff Gordon, who announced today that this will be his last full NASCAR season. Here's the video from our recent interview - very open, honest stuff., LA Lakers star Kobe Bryant has a torn rotator cuff. Traveling back to Los Angeles today to receive further treatment and evaluation; no timetable for his recovery yet., Read it for yourself, #NFL fans: Here's the full transcript from New England Patriots Coach Bill Belichick's news conference this morning.

BB: I'll start out by addressing the football issue here. When I came in Monday morning, I was shocked to learn of the news reports about the footballs. I had no knowledge whatsoever of this situation until Monday morning. I would say I've learned a lot more about this process in the last three days than I knew or have talked about it in the last 40 years that I have coached in this league. I had no knowledge of the various steps involved in the game balls and the process that happened between when they were prepared and went to the officials and went to the game. So, I've learned a lot about that. I obviously understand that each team has the opportunity to prepare the balls the way they want, give them to the officials and the game officials either approve or disapprove the balls. That really was the end of it for me until I learned a little bit more about this the last couple days. 

Let me just say that my personal coaching philosophy, my mentality has always been to make things as difficult as possible for players in practice. So with regard to footballs, I'm sure that any current or past player of mine would tell you that the balls we practice with are as bad as they can be: wet, sticky, cold, slippery. However bad we can make them, I make them. Any time that players complain about the quality of the footballs, I make them worse and that stops the complaining. We never use the condition of the footballs as an excuse. We play with whatever or kick with whatever we have to use and that's the way it is. That has never been a priority for me and I want the players to deal with a harder situation in practice than they'll ever have to deal with in the game. Maybe that's part of our ball security philosophy. 

I'm trying to coach the team and that's what I want to do. I think we all know that quarterbacks, kickers, specialists have certain preferences on footballs. They know a lot more about it than I do. They're a lot more sensitive to it than I am. I hear them comment on it from time to time, but I can tell you and they will tell you that there is never any sympathy whatsoever from me on that subject. Zero. Tom's [Brady] personal preferences on his footballs are something he can take about in much better detail and information than I could possibly provide. I could tell you that in my entire coaching career I have never talked to any player, staff member about football air pressure. That is not a subject that I have ever brought up. To me the footballs are approved by the league and game officials pregame and we play with what's out there. That's the only way that I have ever thought about that. 

I've learned about the inflation range situation. Obviously with our footballs being inflated to the 12.5-pound range, any deflation would then take us under that specification limit. Knowing that now, in the future we will certainly inflate the footballs above that low level to account for any possible change during the game. As an example, if a ball deflated from 13.2 to 12.9 it wouldn't matter. But if it deflated from 12.5 to 12.3 it would – as an example. We will take steps in the future to make sure that we don't put ourselves in that type of potential situation again. 

The National Football League is investigating this situation. We have cooperated fully, quickly and completely with every request that they have made; [we] continue to be cooperative in any way that we can. I have no explanation for what happened. That's what they're looking into. So I can't comment on what they're doing. That's something that you should talk to them about. 

Again, my overall knowledge of football specifications, the overall process that happens on game day with the footballs is very limited. I would say that during the course of the game, I honestly never – it probably has happened on an incomplete pass or something – but I've never touched a game ball. It's not something I have any familiarity with on that. 

Again, I was completely and totally unaware of any of this that we're talking about in the last couple days until Monday morning. Based on what I knew Sunday, Sunday night, thinking back on this, which I've done several times, [I] really can't think of anything that I would have done differently, based on what I knew then, based on what I know now. I told you the one change we would make in the initial start level of the football pressure, but that's really about it. 

It's unfortunate that this is a story coming off of two great playoff victories by our football team and our players. But again, we've been cooperative with the NFL investigation. We'll continue to do so and we will turn all our attention and focus on to the Seattle Seahawks, a very well coached, talented, tough, competitive football team. 

We've spent the last four days, three days, with our preparations and so forth for the trip. I think those are coming to a conclusion. We're wrapping that up and we're starting our preparations today with the Seahawks and practicing through the weekend. We'll have a good, solid opportunity to get ourselves ready to go before we head down there. 

Again, I have no further comment on the NFL investigation and I've told you all I know about the subject from my perspective. That's where we are. 

Q: Aside from the NFL investigation, in your own investigation, did you find whether anyone willfully – 

BB: I've told you everything I know. 

Q: What do you say to your critics? 

BB: I have nothing – I don't have an explanation. 

Q: Not withstanding what you've said here today, there are a lot people who are questioning your integrity, saying you will win at all costs. 

BB: I've told you everything I know. 

Q: What do you say to critics who are challenging your character, which seems to go well beyond the sport of football? 

BB: I've told you everything I know. 

Q: Any message to the fans who are watching all of this and are upset by this? 

BB: I've told them everything I know. There's nothing else I can add to it. 

Q: What have you talked to Tom Brady about? I assume you've had conversations with Tom about this issue and what happened. 

BB: I have no explanation for what happened. 

Q: Why do you think these controversies continue to follow you? 

BB: I don't have any explanation for what happened. 

Q: As many Super Bowls as you've been to, you know distractions come with the territory. What do you say to your younger players who don't have the experience being in this spotlight like this as some of the older players? 

BB: None of them are involved in this. 

Q: How do you keep them focused though, with all this going on? 

BB: None of them are involved in this. 

Q: Does Tom Brady handle the ball after inspection with his ball boys? 

BB: Those are all questions that should be directed to the league and that's part of what they're doing. That's not what I'm doing. 

Q: Is it possible that someone on your sideline, even though you may not know about it, might have deliberately altered the balls? 

BB: I don't have any explanation for what happened. I've told you all I can tell you from my point of view and anything coming from the investigative side, from the league, needs to be directed toward them. 

Q: Why would you want to overinflate the balls [in the future] unless you think that somehow it [deflation] happens naturally? 

BB: So there is no opportunity for a small margin of error that would put us under the specifications. 

Q: Do you see any circumstances under which 11 of 12 footballs could have accidentally deflated? 

BB: I don't have any explanation for what happened. 

Q: Knowing how much you care about what's going on, what's it been like for you since you found out about the investigation and what's it been like trying to deal with everything going on? 

BB: Well as I said, I've learned a lot about the process. I had no idea how the balls got from the officials locker room down on the field and so forth and so on and all of that. That's not something I have ever thought or concerned myself about [on] game day. I've concerned myself with preparing and coaching the team. So some of the things like that that have been talked about, that have happened, I mean, I'm totally unaware of., Out my airplane windows...one day, three cities:
Sunrise in #NewYork (that's Manhattan back there), afternoon in #Seattle (Mount Rainier National Park on the cloudy horizon), nighttime in #Chicago. Love seeing the country from the sky!
(Not pictured: all the coffee I needed to get through all those time zones), Fantastic interview today with Seattle Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll, on the value of daring to be different. Will air Super Bowl weekend on the CNN/Bleacher Report special I'm hosting. 

Of course...we also talked #DeflateGate. Here's an excerpt:

Rachel Nichols: How significant is it if the Patriots are found to have participated in cheating the rules?

Pete Carroll: Well I don't know all of that answer right now, and I don't know about the circumstances, so it would be crazy for me to comment on it, but we're trying to do things right.  We want to do things the right way.  And I'm sure that pervades the league and all of that, so we'll see what happens with that.

Nichols: As an NFL head coach, you are one of the 32 stewards of the game.  How important is it that coaches relentlessly protect the integrity of the game?

Carroll: I think it is ultimately, absolutely important.  We've seen the power of the league and how at every turn of issues that have come up one right after another, people have looked to the league for leadership.  And for the kind of guidance, and the kind of wisdom that's necessary to make these great choices -  well there's another opportunity again.  Of course we want to do it right.  We want to do everything the best way we can possibly do it for all the right reasons.  Not just because it's football or because we're coaches. But for all the right reasons. And you can see us working to figure that all out. You can see the league, and the league office working to figure out what is right, and let's stand for what's right. And when we make our mistakes we admit to them and we fix the situation and we send the message that that's the right way to do things.  And so we'll see what happens with this., Indianapolis Colts Pat McAfee having a little fun from the NFL Pro Bowl, Welcome headline at 5:30a..., Here's a good summary of what's being reported so far on the New England Patriots football #Deflategate, The last line of this story...

Seattle Seahawks NFL, Tweet of the night comes from the New England Patriots Rob Gronkowski. Gotta love Gronk., At LA Lakers  vs Phoenix Suns and this pic is on the wall. Also...Groove is in the Heart is playing in the arena. Hmmm...
#90s #Throwback NBA, Nicely done, Atlanta Hawks. Video of tonight's pregame introductions:, 1-on-1 with Richard Sherman, on just how badly he's injured, and that epic Seattle Seahawks comeback. 
VIDEO: http://t.co/SzV28vkSf3, Top Gun: Denver edition.
Denver Broncos tweet out photo of Gary Kubiak's mile-high arrival into town., New meaning to the term "media crush" - Tiger Woods loses a tooth after a TV crew guy accidentally smacks into him with his camera, Now that's a good momma!
Green Bay Packers RB Eddie Lacy gets a nice pick-me-up after a tough loss., Behind the scenes: Our @NBAonTNT production meeting for LA Lakers v. Phoenix Suns tonight. Game tips at 10p ET/8p MT, Report questions whether the New England Patriots used illegally deflated footballs to give them an edge in game versus the Indianapolis Colts, 1-on-1 with Richard Sherman, on just how badly he's injured, and the Seattle Seahawks epic comeback: cnn.it/1sTZUeK, A few final postgame pics from the Seattle Seahawks celebration. Loud central!
NFL, Strong stuff from Green Bay Packers QB Aaron Rodgers, via Jason Wilde., Always a lotta joy when they let the families on the field postgame. Seattle Seahawks DE Demarcus Dobbs with his 5-month-old. Kid's got his game face on too. 
NFL, NFL Sideline view - winning moment for the Seattle Seahawks in overtime., A very happy mom - Seattle Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch just gave his mother the ball from that last TD., A very happy mom - Marshawn Lynch just gave his mother the ball from that last TD. 
#beastmode #seahawks #packers #nfl #nfcchampionship, Seattle Seahawks safety Earl Thomas (shoulder) is questionable to return., Time of possession in 1st Quarter:
Green Bay Packers 12:38
Seattle Seahawks 2:22

So..., Richard Sherman, Kam Chancellor and the Seattle Seahawks defense getting ready to go
NFL, Russell Wilson leads the Seattle Seahawks  stretch. 
NFL  #nfcchampionship, Russell Wilson leads the #Seahawks stretch. 
#NFL #nfcchampionship, Aaron Rodgers takes the field to warm up. How does the calf look?
#Packers #Seahawks #nfcchampionship #NFL, Clearing up here in #Seattle. And the Seahawk appears to be ready...
#Packers #Seahawks #NFCChampionship, Good morning from #Seattle. 
#seahawks #packers #12s, #TheBrow having a laugh during our @NBAonTNT sitdown today...Anthony Davis is sitting behind only LeBron James and Steph Curry in #NBA All Star voting right now. 
#Pelicans, All right, Canada. Let's do this..., Great fun at Staples Center tonight. Kobe and LeBron put on a show, close game until the end.
#Lakers #Cavaliers #NBA, #LA in the distance...lotta freeway in between..., Here we go..., Practice gym at #UCLA, where #Cavaliers will be shooting around this morning. Cavs play the #Lakers tonight on @NBAonTNT, Night night, boats..., Bloomberg reporting that Mikhail Prokhorov is looking to sell the Brooklyn Nets, Kevin Garnett suspended 1 game for head butting Dwight Howard; Howard fined $15,000 for slapping him back. 
Video of the incident below:, #Buckeyes QB Cardale Jones having a little fun postgame, Columbus Dispatch handed out to the players on the field postgame
#Buckeyes #cfpchampionship, #repost - love this pic!
That moment when your players decide it's time to celebrate a championship. (via @robtringali for ESPN), Remnants of a championship.

#Buckeyes #OhioState, Happy #Buckeyes
#cfpchampionship, Confetti cannons...loaded and ready
#cfbchampionship #gobuckeyes #goducks, Sideline view 
#CFBChampionship #Buckeyes #Ducks, Let's
Go
#cfpchampionship 
#goducks 
#gobuckeyes, Nice way to include some military overseas in the pregame
#cfpchampionship #gobuckeyes #goducks, You know it's a big game when they make cookies out of it...
#cfpchampionship #goducks #gobuckeyes, Broncos, John Fox agree to "mutually part ways." See their statements below...how 'mutual' do we feel this really was?, #OSU players arrive at the stadium, take a walk around the field. Some players taking pictures, others visualizing moves. And more than a few dancing to the music in their headphones. 
#cfpchampionship #gobuckeyes #goducks, #Oregon locker room, opening it up for player arrival
#cfpchampionship #goducks #gobuckeyes, Took a #Starbucks detour on the way to the stadium and this was blocking traffic - how did this guy get completely perpendicular to the highway??? All's well that ends well, though - made it to the coffee.
#CFPChampionship #GoDucks #GoBuckeyes, Reaction when Dez Bryant play was overturned: Jerry Jones on left. Worth zooming in to Chris Christie on right. (h/t @algattullo), Tony Romo giving his press conference earlier with Aaron Rodgers looking over his shoulder.
#Cowboys #Packers #NFL, If you're wondering what the Detroit #Lions are thinking right now..., If you have a rule that regularly detracts from great football games - and that was shaping up to be a truly great football game - it's a bad rule., Crazy energy in this building right now; stadium might levitate if Green Bay scores here
#Packers #Cowboys #NFL, French officials say more than 1.3 million at #ParisMarch, more than crowd celebrating liberation in 1944. More than 3.7 million marched throughout France, and many more worldwide. Just incredible. Sometimes the voices of extremism ring the loudest. Not today., Cowboys announce Rolando McClain is OUT for the remainder of the game with concussion-like symptoms. #Cowboys #Packers #NFL, Pic from the air, flying into #GreenBay earlier - love coming here
#NFL #Packers #Cowboys, Pic from the air, flying into #GreenBay earlier - love coming here
#NFL #Packers #Cowboys, When the Knicks play well at Madison Square Garden, the atmosphere is just electric.
This is not one of those times. 
#NBA #Knicks #Hornets, If you have not seen Trevor Booker's no-look, behind-the-back flip with .2 seconds left, well, WATCH (seriously):, BREAKING: #CharlieHebdo suspects, the #KouachiBrothers, both killed, Poignant cover of the New Yorker; additional attacks in France today., You kind of knew this was coming...
#Knicks
#NBA, So this is what's happening in the front row just behind the baseline at the #Knicks game tonight. #NBA, Tremendous Associated Press photo from Paris tonight.
#JeSuisCharlie, Can't autocorrect fix this somehow?, Tough news week so far. Hoping it makes the turn tomorrow., So, how much are we a sports culture? Here's how a government office just tweeted info on an earthquake that happened near Dallas, This is awesome. UNC #TarHeels will wear 'STU' patches tonight v Notre Dame to honor alumnus Stuart Scott, NFL's Head of Officiating probably isn't going to make a lot of #Lions fans feel better by acknowledging that flag should have stayed on the ground., St Louis Rams relocating in 2016? Scoop from the LA Times: Rams owner to begin building NFL stadium in Los Angeles, Terrific football game to end Wildcard Weekend. In related news, someone should tell Chris Christie that he's not winning the Michigan primary., The loudest laughs, the kindest words. The best sort of friend. Missing you already, Stu., #Buckeyes Cardale Jones tweets some very tough news #OSU, Now that's a sendoff.
#NextCityUp, Into the great wide open..., A Happy New Year to all, and a big thank you to all who made our 2014 so fun:, Very funny on Michigan's new coach., Great Sports Illustrated piece on Jim Harbaugh: 'When you're painted as something you’re not, you want to go where people know who you are', Johnny Manziel explains himself, via ESPN's Jeremy Fowler, No matter how frustrating a team's season has been, always hard to see so many people lose their jobs, families uprooted. 

When a head coach or GM gets fired, his (much lesser-paid) assistants often do too, plus office/medical/equipment staffs all know they could be replaced by whoever new comes in. Everyone on these teams works crazy long hours; many have kids who are also affected. Of course, this is the business they chose - but it's what makes today the toughest day on the NFL calendar., Black Monday, indeed: Atlanta Falcons fire Coach Mike Smith. Jets fire Coach Rex Ryan & GM John Idzik. Coach Marc Trestman & GM Phil Emery out in Chicago. San Francisco 49ers and Jim Harbaugh "mutually agree" to part ways., Detroit Free Press puts wrong Harbaugh brother on its front page today. Excellent., New York Jets fire Coach Rex Ryan, GM John Idzik. Full statement here:, First two weekends of the NFL playoff schedule released, #Packers QB Aaron Rodgers carted to the locker room in Green Bay after aggravating his strained calf. Questionable to return., Jim Harbaugh & 49ers CEO Jed York met at midfield today. They hugged. It was...well..., Seriously, how does this keep happening?, Catch ya later, Cali, #NBA in the giving spirit: #Knicks Quincy Acy gets a one-game suspension, #Wizards' John Wall gets $15,000 fine for yesterday's altercation., Got caught out there cracking up with Kevin Hart. Lots of fun on the whole broadcast tonight - great crew to spend Christmas with. Merry everything to you all :), Video: Kenny and Shaq race. Kenny throws a block on Shaq. 
Um, someone may need to go check on the health and welfare of that tree..., However Spencer Hawes' suit looks on TV, I promise you it is more insane in person. 
#Clippers #NBAXmas, If you're sitting courtside at #Warriors-#Clippers tonight, you get a gift bag & a Cliff Paul, um, head, Behind the Scenes: our @NBAonTNT production meeting with #Clippers Coach Doc Rivers, Santa and Mrs. Claus out for a well-deserved joyride after a hard night of work., They are REALLY into #Christmas at my hotel., Beach workout. Not bad on the scenery front. 
#ClearBlueChristmas, Yeah, I'm okay skipping the white Christmas this year. Nice showing, LA. 
#ClearBlueChristmas, Getting ready for the nightcap of #NBAXmas - #Clippers vs #Warriors. This is gonna be good...10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @NBAonTNT, About to take off for a six-hour flight. Will be keeping an eye out for Santa en route. 
Merry Merry to all.
#NBAXmas #Christmas, Miami Heat just tweeted out their giveaway for tomorrow's game vs Cavaliers - well done. 
#NBAChristmasDay, Love this tradition: the folks who spend the year protecting our North American airspace are helping to track Santa, The trailer for the new #Entourage movie is out:, Great MNF game. And no one cheering louder than the boys in Foxboro. #Patriots clinch homefield thru the playoffs., Huge news from the #Bears. NFL Network says Jay Cutler will now start at QB on Sunday, A funny (and revealing) take on what you Googled most in 2014, Our @NBAonTNT crew with the "Christmas Card" pose the other night: Chuck, Reggie, Kevin Harlan and me., Thanks, Sports Illustrated! An honor to be named here alongside so many folks I love reading and watching:, If you're curious how Rajon Rondo will look in a #Mavericks uniform, the team's twitter account has hooked you up:, Bears QB Jay Cutler says he was shocked to be demoted this week, did not see it coming., On the #Bulls injury front, Derrick Rose (illness) & Taj Gibson (right ankle) are questionable. Joakim Noah plans to play., Carmelo Anthony is questionable/unlikely to play in #Knicks-#Bulls game tonight due to knee soreness., Get ready, Chicago: @NBAonTNT is in town for #Knicks-#Bulls...and we brought Charles Barkley with us 
8p ET/7p CT, When your elevator door opens and caution tape is strung across the way to prevent you exiting...
#NotGood, Chasing the sunset
#TheAirplaneChronicles, Wait, traveling is against the rules in the NBA?? 
VIDEO: Corey Brewer got away with an absurd travel, Great update from Ernie Johnson w/Craig Sager, who sounds just terrific & will be back on the air soon #SagerStrong, #Thunder extend winning streak to 4 games with some nice moves like this one from Kevin Durant. #BlockParty #NBA, Drama here in Oklahoma City! Kyrie Irving appeared to suffer a knee injury when he collided with Russell Westbrook, was writhing in pain on the floor for a few minutes. LeBron James (not playing tonight) was so worried he jogged out of the locker room to meet Kyrie in the tunnel and help him back to the locker room, but after testing the knee a little, Kyrie said he felt the sting recede, and after being diagnosed with a bruised knee at halftime he was able to come back in the 3rd Q. Crisis averted..., LeBron James will sit out of tonight's game vs the OKC Thunder (knee soreness). Listed as day-to-day., Was so blinded by Gronk w/ that kitten yesterday I missed the pic of Johnny Manziel's birthday cake from @ColossalCupcakes. Um, subtle...
(Impressive for a cake, though...I didn't know frosting came in that color...), Sat down for a very thoughtful chat w/Kevin Durant on what it's been like coming back from his first major injury, facing the Cavs/LeBron & NBA players' social activism. Airs tonight on NBA on TNT, Heading out for a little #Cavaliers-#Thunder on @NBAonTNT tomorrow. #KD #LeBron #NBA #GonnaBeGood, New ESPN Magazine pics of Rob Gronkowski. I'm sensing some serious caption contests coming on..., On set with @DrSanjayGupta talking #CamNewton - and he brought a friend!
#Panthers #NFL, The Panthers say Cam Newton has two transverse process fractures in his lower back, but no other significant injuries. He's in fair condition and will remain in the hospital overnight for observation. (Tony Romo had transverse process fractures in his back earlier this season.), Charlotte Observer reporting that Cam Newton was able to communicate with paramedics while being loaded onto a stretcher at the scene of his car accident. Pic from WBTV News, Charlotte Observer reporting Cam Newton has been involved in a serious car wreck - chilling photos from Observer reporter Jonathan Jones on the scene., You can't make these headlines up, folks., Lovely tribute to Bryan Burwell in the press box in DC today. Pic from Post-Dispatch's Jim Thomas, Tremendous spending the afternoon at the @Newseum on a panel with Christine Brennan, Lesley Visser, Andrea Kremer, George Solomon, Mary Byrne, Marcia Keegan and Monica McNutt. Terrific conversation., Ah, Christmas in San Francisco: hotel lobby has a Golden Gate Bridge made out of gingerbread & gumdrops, What a treat to be working NBA on TNT tonight - Anthony Davis is a special player and, man, do the Warriors look good. Just toying w/opponents. I mean, watch this:, Nearly impossible to do someone as amazing as Bryan Burwell justice, but somehow Bernie Miklasz managed it:, Just your typical sunny/cloudy/rainy/dark/bright day in San Francisco, A little behind-the-scenes look at logo evolution at the #Warriors practice facility. We're on @nbaontnt tonight with #Pelicans at #Warriors - 10:30p ET/7:30p PT
#NBA, From Bill Bramhall of the NY Daily News, Who knew 1-17 could have such a nice ring to it?
#Sixers #Finally #NBA, Taping a guest spot on tonight's  We Need To Talk with Allie LaForce, Lisa Leslie, Andrea Kremer - plus a Dana Jacobson pop-in! Airs 8p on CBS SportsNet, The St Louis Police Officers Association asked the NFL to discipline Rams players for their "hands up" gesture. The NFL says they won't., This is actually happening right now.
#Hawks
#Hornets
#NBA, Yeah, I give up...
#EmotionalSupportPig, Ray Rice has reportedly won the appeal of his indefinite suspension and will be immediately reinstated by the NFL. Any team free to sign him...but will one?, So...#49ers fans get an apology tweet, #Seahawks fans get Richard Sherman & a turkey leg.
#NFL, Kobe Bryant not mincing words on #Ferguson, calls for change, The back of this box of tea provides a pretty good snapshot of why I drink coffee., CNN reporting that #Ferguson grand jury will reach decision today on whether to indict Police Officer Darren Wilson in the Michael Brown shooting., If you are ever having a bad day, I highly recommend watching this. Olympian Amy Van Dyken will floor you. Promise., I could watch this replay 1,000 times, Olympian Amy Van Dyken will amaze and inspire you. Promise., The @Colts Andrew Luck discusses the glare of the spotlight, his unusual childhood...and whether he's a grown-up yet:, They told Olympian Amy Van Dyken she'd never walk again. They should have known better. 
Watch our Unguarded interview tonight - 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on CNN, Back on the air tonight for Unguarded: we've got Andrew Luck, the amazing Amy Van Dyken, plus Derrick Rose explains his mentality on injuries. 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, A big thank you to our @NBAonTNT crew who did the game without me in Miami last night, but sent me so many lovely thoughts. Good peoples., Nick Young returns, Lakers finally notch 2nd win of the season. Young: "It's like my swag just rubbed off on everybody. It was unbelievable., Great pics from several #Bills players today; 70 inches of snow in some parts of #Buffalo by tomorrow. (Um, yikes.)
#NFL
#brrrr, Yep, leave it to Scott Fujita to perfectly sum up the Adrian Peterson/suspension situation.
#NFL, Our very funny chat with Steve Carell on Foxcatcher, his dreams of playing in the NHL, his Daily Show days & how he could 'take' LeBron James, I'm starting to think Gronk is the reason GIFs were invented., I would say this situation is getting ugly, but we passed that point a long time ago. The NFL Players Association released this today: 

#######

STATEMENT RELEASED ON BEHALF OF ADRIAN PETERSON

The report that I backed out of a meeting with the NFL is just not true. When Roger Goodell's office asked that I attend the “hearing” on Friday, I consulted with my union and learned that this “hearing” was something new and inconsistent with the CBA. On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of this past week, my union sent emails, letters, and had conversations with his office on my behalf asking about the nature of the hearing, how it was to occur, who would participate, and its purpose. We repeatedly asked them to respond quickly to my questions because I want to cooperate and get back on the field, but they didn't respond until late Wednesday evening, and even then they didn't answer important questions about their proposed “hearing.”

After consulting with the union, I told the NFL that I will attend the standard meeting with the Commissioner prior to possible imposition of discipline, as has been the long-term practice under the CBA, but I wouldn’t participate in a newly created and non-collectively bargained pre-discipline “hearing” that would include outside people I don't know and who would have roles in the process that the NFL wouldn't disclose.  At this point, I've resolved my matter in the criminal court; I've worked to make amends for what I've done; I've missed most of the season, and I stand ready to be candid and forthcoming with Mr. Goodell about what happened. However, I will not allow the NFL to impose a new process of discipline on me, ignore the CBA, ignore the deal they agreed to with me, and behave without fairness or accountability.  The process they are pushing is arbitrary, inconsistent, and contrary to what they agreed to do, and for those reasons, I never agreed to the hearing.

I'm sorry for all of this, but I can't excuse their refusal to be fair.

-- Adrian Peterson, If you missed Unguarded earlier tonight, catch the re-air at 1:30a ET/10:30p PT. Funnyman Steve Carell talks sports movies and more, will delight you (but not kill you with a trident), Up now on CNN - NHL Commish Gary Bettman dropped by Unguarded and gave his first comments on this week's sports gambling debate:, You don't want to miss actor Steve Carell on tonight - 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on CNN.
Here's an excerpt:, Daybreak at the Toronto Airport
#TarmacLife, Derrick Rose slipped in the 4th quarter of tonight's Bulls win, leaving the game with what the team identified as an issue with his left hamstring. Afterward, Rose says he thinks it was just some cramping in his hamstring, and that he wants to try to practice tomorrow. "I don't think it's that serious," he said, adding he did not expect an MRI, just some ice and stim treatment., Getting ready to tip off @nbaontnt #Raptors #Bulls #NBA #LetsGo, Sat down with Derrick Rose this morning - he said he “could care less” about the controversy over his recent comments, re: taking his long-term health into consideration when playing this season: “I don’t know, I probably just think different. I think further on into my career, further on into my life, and I’m just trying to plan things out. I was just being myself and that’s all I could be, so I could care less [about a backlash]. It doesn’t affect me at all, it affects people around me more than me.” Rose added: “Every time I step on the court, I give it my all, but I’m just learning my body, and learning from my mistakes, and people got mad about that.”, I am excited to be doing sidelines of #Bulls-#Raptors tonight for @NBAonTNT. I am less excited about this. 
#NBA #Brrrr, This is what is going on in my hotel lobby right now. 
Too. soon., Lots of laughter around here this morning with actor Steve Carell. Catch him on this Friday's Unguarded 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, View from @CNN studios, Knockout fall day in #NYC, A big thank you today & every day to our veterans, to those still serving - and also to their families, who make amazing sacrifices as well., Sunset over coastal California.
(The airplane chronicles), Sunrise over Oregon's Mt Hood. Hooray airplane window seat., Did you miss Unguarded? Just too transfixed by this screengrab of Melo's hat to change the channel?
Don't worry - we re-air at 1:30a ET/10:30p PT on CNN, New #Clippers owner Steve Ballmer very revealing on tonight's Unguarded: "Nobody'll believe it, but I was a very shy kid." On @CNN 10:30p ET/7:30pPT
#NBA, null, Unguarded 10:30p ET on @CNN: Lauren Hill will amaze you all over again, Herschel Walker has an earful for the NCAA, Steve Ballmer opens up, plus the latest on controversy in the NFL, Last night on @NBAonTNT, Charles Barkley said he's going on the "#Lakers diet" - he's not going to eat until they win. Hmmm... #NBA, Devon Still & his daughter Leah won our hearts way before last night. Check out our chat w/Devon #StillStrong, Behind the scenes: our @NBAonTNT pre-game meeting with #Portland's Terry Stotts...and Dr. Jack Ramsay looking over us.
#Blazers
#NBA, Uh oh..., Herschel Walker is on Friday's #Unguarded - and he's got some very strong/insightful opinions on the #NCAA. 
@CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p, Join @realchriswebber, Marv Albert and me live from Rip City tonight for Mavs-Blazers on @NBAonTNT 10:30p ET/7:30p PT, Read this.
Beautiful writing from Eli Saslow & brave, meaningful stuff from Demaryius Thomas, Just had a great chat with the very funny - and very tall - Dirk Nowitzki. This is my view when at 5'4", I stand next to a 7-footer, Now...onward..., Great day shooting with the #Colts and Andrew Luck. 
#NFL
#FearThe(Neck)Beard #PassingMachine, Great day shooting with the #Colts and Andrew Luck. 
#NFL, So this is my cubicle today: #Colts practice facility. Great building. 
#NFL, Forget Manning v Brady. Here's the real rivalry., What a treat talking to Lauren Hill about the crazy/amazing/remarkable last 48 hours she's had. Special young woman. 
Full interview airs Friday on #Unguarded on @CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT, #Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov met w/the media - here's the NY DailyNews account of his, um, feelings about Jason Kidd.
#NBA, If you missed it on TV, here's the link to our Jeff Gordon interview. Really honest stuff from Gordon: "I was doing a lot of things for other people.  Which worked out pretty good, but along the way, you start to realize who you are, who I am as a person, and that I like being comfortable with who I am.", How cool is this: Serena Williams, with tears running down her face, greets friend Caroline Wozniacki at the NYC Marathon finish line. Pic courtesy of Rueters., At 43 years old, @JeffGordonWeb is leading #NASCAR's Chase - and opening up to #Unguarded on how he got there. 
Tonight - 10:30p ET on @CNN, Back from a road trip, and apparently my plant felt neglected..., Look at that fine bunch...lots of fun on the @NBAonTNT broadcast last night.
#Knicks #Cavaliers #NBA, Getting ready for tonight's Unguarded on CNN at 10:30p ET / 7:30p PT. We've got Jeff Gordon, Matthew Stafford and Marathon Man Meb Keflezighi - great group!, Hello, New York..., What was it like to be right next to LeBron for his chalk toss tonight? A little @NBAonTNT social media extra for you:, Behind the scenes: our @NBAonTNT broadcast team meeting with new #Cavaliers Coach David Blatt pregame
#NBA #EverybodyUp, Can't wait for tonight? Watch this. 
LeBron sits down & opens up about why he came back & how he forgave Dan Gilbert, Here's the new Nike ad with LeBron huddling up the whole city of Cleveland:, Nice perch over #Cleveland today as we get ready for our @nbaontnt  broadcast of #LeBron's return to the #Cavaliers 
#NBA #everybodyup, Very tough scene at Staples Center as Julius Randle is loaded into an ambulance, with his mother by his side.
#Lakers #NBA, #Lakers medical staff tells me rookie Julius Randle has broken his leg. Awful to see him carted off here at Staples Center., Had a good chat with Kobe Bryant earlier today, he said he trusts that any negative quotes about him are not coming from inside the Lakers' building. As for the idea that free agents don't want to sign in LA because of him, Kobe told me: "It’s just silly. It’s nothing I pay a lot of attention to. Here's what you get signing up to play with me: Seven finals appearances and 5 rings. So that’s the end of that conversation.", New banner here in LA since my last visit. Looking good., Behind the scenes: Our @nbaontnt crew's pregame coaches interviews for #Rockets #Lakers - tip coming soon
#NBA
#EverybodyUp, Had a good chat with Kobe today, and yes, he has some thoughts on all the stories about him. Report on our @NBAonTNT game broadcast tonight., This is lovely, and also very sad. 
From the St Louis Cardinals: A lone light in right paying tribute to Oscar.
#RIPOscarTaveras, Spending the week working the sidelines for @NBAonTNT. #Rockets-#Lakers on Tues, #Knicks-#Cavaliers on Thurs. #goodweek #NBA, #Bears GM Phil Emery confirms DL Lamarr Houston is out for year with torn ACL. Injury occurred while celebrating a sack, in a game the Bears lost 51-23 to the Patriots on Sunday., Right turn.
(Yes, I appreciate the irony.), Great hanging with Jeff Gordon today at Martinsville Speedway. Interview airs on next Friday's Unguarded on @CNN 
10:30p ET/7:30p PT, So many levels here. And who knew KFCs in China had waitresses?, Powerful images from Canada this morning, Before every game, our @nbaontnt team meets w/the coaches. Fun tonight seeing our ex-teammate Steve Kerr in the chair. (Our other ex-teammate Doc Rivers on the other sideline tonight, so it's just a Turner jamboree...), Will never forget getting a note from Ben Bradlee when I was an intern at the Post. Nearly fainted. Amazing man., My workout today was definitely outdoors. 
#SanFrancisco
#GoldenGate, Michael Sam tweets after his release from #Cowboys practice squad, will "continue to fight for an opportunity" 
#NFL, Yeah, broadcasters have preseason too: behind the scenes at our @nbaontnt production meeting for tonight's #Clippers-#Warriors game

#NBA, Too bad we have to be in San Francisco on such a crappy day here..., Ferry Building
#SanFrancisco, Takeoff from JFK Airport earlier today. New York City...beach town
#NYC
#ItsAnIslandYouKnow, Excellent Seattle Times story on what led the Seahawks to trade Percy Harvin:, Nice to know that when multi-millionaire MVP athletes don't feel well, they do exactly what the rest of us do: play video games. #KevinDurant #NBA #Thunder, Thanks, #Philadelphia, FOX Sports reporting the Seattle Seahawks have traded WR Percy Harvin to the Jets for a conditional pick. Bleacher Report's Mike Freeman says a Seahawks team source told him: "Percy didn't want to be here. We accommodated him.", Hanging in the Unguarded studio...join us tonight at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @cnn, Despite all the snippy back-and-forth before NYG-PHI, class rises: Victor Cruz says Eagles' Coach Chip Kelly visited him in the hospital, View from the office cafeteria making it hard not to play hooky, but I'll be in-studio on @cnn talking NFL in the 3p ET hour, Love these kinds of stories., Great conversation with Serena Williams on what it takes to be so dominant for so long, on Friday's Unguarded on CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT.
Serena: "Training for 30-something years is definitely not easy. And it's a choice. Either you choose to do it or you don't.", So fun catching up w/Matt Stafford - did you know he can throw a dinner roll 63 yards? Airs on a future Unguarded episode, Tried the "which CNN anchor are you most like?" quiz below. Guess it's a good sign I got myself?, Look at that smile on Leah! Nice job, #Jets, who sent a care package to the sick 4-yr-old daughter of #Bengals DT @man_of_still75.
#NFL
#Repost, The Bengals' Devon Still updates us on his 4-year-old, Leah, who has won the hearts of millions as she battles cancer:, Boy, did I pick the right day to be in #Chicago., Congrats, #MississippiState. That big ol' No 1 looks good on you., Watching baseball right now? Don't worry! You can catch our re-air of Unguarded at 1:30a ET/10:30p PT on @CNN. Great stuff with Joe Torre, Kevin Durant, Devon Still and Victor Cruz, Tonight on @CNN's Unguarded, we check in with the Cincinnati Bengals' Devon Still to find out how his 4-year-old daughter Leah is doing in her battle against cancer. Here's an excerpt:, Another great group on Unguarded tonight 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN 
Joe Torre, Kevin Durant, Victor Cruz & Devon Still, Always a treat to catch up with JoeTorre, MLB Exec VP of Baseball Operations and all-around class guy. Torre candid on MLB playoffs, Jeter's goodbye, A-Rod's future, plus his own history as a victim of child abuse & how he has turned that around to help others deal with domestic abuse.
Airs Friday on Unguarded. @CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT
#MLB #Yankees #postseason, Oh boy. Adrian Peterson admitted to a court employee he'd been "smoking a little weed" before taking a drug test Wednesday., Behind the scenes: Cool hallway at Major League Baseball offices, No one better to break down #Giants/#Eagles than our man on the inside, WR Victor Cruz. He'll be on Unguarded on Friday at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, Love that Doc Rivers brought his team to watch the #LAKings get their rings & raise their #StanleyCup banner. 
#LAClippers #NHL #NBA #repost, Lovely spot for a baseball game.
#Dodgers
#Cardinals
#MLB #postseason, Excited to be heading to St Louis for Game 3 of Dodgers-Cards...not so excited when this popped up on my phone for my predawn wakeup call, Morning at LAX, Michael Phelps says he is stepping away from swimming, getting treatment., Magazine at the newsstand at LAX., Excellent. @SBNation tracking the Ole Miss goalposts as they make their way around Oxford (including a student apartment) , SF Giants clock in the longest postseason win ever (6 hrs, 23 min) & extend streak to 10 consecutive playoff wins, dating back to 2012 NLCS., Looking at this pic from Yahoo's Jeff Passan of the ballpark in Washington and feel like the Nats should just open the gates for any fans who want to come fill all those empty seats. (And by the way, I know it's been 16 innings, but not sure how you leave a playoff game...especially one that's becoming historically long...), Night falling on Dodger Stadium - temps in the 80s with a breeze. #perfect #postseason
#Cardinals #Dodgers, My #LA sports afternoon: Stopped by @Lakers complex on the way to Cards-Dodgers Game 2.
#NBA
#MLB, If the Kansas City Royals end up having a World Series parade, whoever tweets for the KC Police needs to be in it., Tonight on @CNN: #Unguarded from LA! You'll hear from Derek Jeter & Cal Ripken, plus the NFL's name problem 10:30p ET /7:30p PT, At #Cardinals-#Dodgers. 
Wainwright hit Puig. Benches cleared. Either that, or they were staging a quick version of West Side Story on the field here...
#mlb, Great discussion on tonight's Unguarded on CNN: Native Americans Simon Moya Smith & Don Wetzel Sr have very different opinions on Washington DC's NFL team, plus Prof. John Banzhaf, who is forcing the FCC to decide if 'Redskins' is an obscenity 
10:30p ET/7:30p PT, Um, Los Angeles..., Good day for Orioles fans: Big win this afternoon + Cal Ripken on tonight's Unguarded at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on CNN
Here's a sneak peek:, Night night, Dodger Stadium. 
Rest up.
Big game tomorrow.
#MLB, Not bad in the bling department: here are the #Dodgers Gold Gloves & CY Young Awards on display here at the stadium.
#MLB
#postseason
#NLDS, The #Cardinals take the field for their workout at Dodger Stadium, Man, I love sports., Overheard at the Associated Press offices after reading this: "Can you un-delete a tweet?"..., Quarterback change in Buffalo; EJ Manuel goes to the bench. Bills Coach Doug Marrone: "Kyle Orton is our starting QB now. We need more overall production from that position", LeBron James speaks out & opens up - on racism, Ferguson, domestic violence, being a good parent & the father he never knew , A) This is how to make pinstripes out of lights (who knew?)
B) This is cool
#Jeter
#RE2PECT, Goodnight Central Park..., I'd like to know exactly who invented the idea of having a Red Zone channel, and what kind of award I can nominate them for., LeBron James talks titles, why his recent diet had him dreaming of Cookie Monster & his friendship with Johnny Manziel, Unguarded is coming up at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN. Come hang with us!, Hilarious. Rory McIlroy, when asked what he would be if he weren’t a pro golfer, answered: “A virgin” , Program listing for Unguarded on @CNN. Tonight at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT, And so it begins...
#Cavs
#NBA
#Repost, A very thoughtful LeBron James on Unguarded tonight, 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on CNN. He talks about what it would have taken to stay in Miami, how he made up with Dan Gilbert, his take on the NFL's domestic violence issues, his approach to parenting and his feelings on his own absentee father. Here's an excerpt on racism & ex-GM Danny Ferry, Great take on Derek Jeter's goodbye in the Bronx by Ian O'Connor, the man who literally wrote the book on The Captain , This photo. I mean, come on...
#SimplyAmazing, The Associated Press reporting a law enforcement official sent Ray Rice video to NFL's security chief in April. NFL denies report: , Fun day hanging with @KingJames & our @CNN crew in Akron. Check out our conversation with #LeBron at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on Friday, This summer I sat down w/Derek Jeter to talk retirement...and the craziest gift he's received on his farewell tour 
http://t.co/Lvw2Fm5pP7, Bengals' Devon Still says surgeons were able to remove his daughter Leah's tumor today. Pic from a grateful dad:, Exclusive: LeBron sits down to discuss his return to Cleveland. Airs on #Unguarded Friday 10:30p on CNN. Here's a sneak peak: , Magic Johnson meets with, vouches for Hawks GM Danny Ferry, who is still on indefinite leave., ICYMI: The grueling, tough, beautiful, inspiring story of Jim Kelly's triumph over cancer
#KellyTough #Bills, Rachel Nichols sounds off on the NFL and Roger Goodell's handling of domestic violence, The grueling, tough, beautiful, inspiring story of Jim Kelly, and how he triumphed over cancer
#KellyTough, Are you awake? Then come watch the re-air of Unguarded - on @CNN right now!, Am being told increased penalty for FSU's Jameis Winston came after school discovered he'd not been entirely truthful with them., Here's our exclusive interview with NFL Players Association Executive Director DeMaurice Smith, reacting to Roger Goodell's news conference and the crisis in the NFL, Getting ready for tonight's #Unguarded w/an exclusive with NFL Players Association Executive Director DeMaurice Smith, plus legends Jim Kelly & Jerry Rice 10:30p ET /7:30p PT, Set your DVR's - we have another BIG #Unguarded tonight on #CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT. I'll have an exclusive interview with the executive director of the NFL Players Association, reacting to Roger Goodell's press conference. Also, an interview with Jerry Rice... and how about some good NFL news for a change??? Jim Kelly with a candid interview on his triumph over cancer., Huge new allegations in the Ray Rice scandal - did the Ravens engage in a cover up? New ESPN story making some pretty serious allegations.
, Proctor & Gamble Pulls Out of NFL Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign , Adjust your fantasy lineups accordingly...#Falcons WR Roddy White (hamstring) inactive tonight, Just interviewed Jerry Rice for tomorrow's #Unguarded. His thoughts on the 49ers' Ray McDonald: "He should be off that football field. He should not have the opportunity to continue playing right now. Domestic violence, it's a very touchy conversation, but it's something that we have to address, and we have to deal with.", Leaving our studio at the Time Warner Center & this is the display in the lobby. I am one happy nerd :), #Cardinals Pro Bowler Darnell Dockett tweets after arrest of teammate Jonathan Dwyer for domestic abuse. (Dockett out for season w/ACL tear), Details in the domestic abuse arrest of Cardinals running back Jonathan Dwyer: Dwyer being booked on 1 count of aggravated assault causing a fracture, 1 count aggravated assault involving a minor (18-month-old child), 2 counts of criminal damage, 1 count of preventing the use of a phone for a 911 call, and assault. Cardinals have deactivated Dwyer., Arizona Cardinals are deactivating RB Jonathan Dwyer in relation to domestic abuse incident being investigated by police. Here is the statement:, So, you thought you could go to sleep for just a few hours without something absolutely crazy happening in the NFL (again). You were wrong., You won't be seeing Adrian Peterson on the field this Sunday; the Vikings have reversed course. Here is the statement:, At the Chinese Theater on Hollywood Boulevard for the Two Night Stand movie premiere. Can't. Wait., Anheuser-Busch says "We are disappointed and increasingly concerned" with the NFL, adds company is "not yet satisfied" with league response., Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton releases statement saying Adrian Peterson should not play for the Vikings this weekend:, I get a little oddly fascinated watching the airplane map sometimes when flying. 
In a related note: hey there #Denver, what's up?, Radisson Hotels suspends its sponsorship of Vikings over Adrian Peterson situation. I'm sure the GM giving his news conference on the situation in front of this banner today didn't help...
Will be interesting to see if other sponsors follow., Redskins announce that QB Robert Griffin III has a dislocated, and not broken, left ankle. Does not have a timeline for his return; could be this season., Adrian Peterson has released a statement through his agent. Here it is:

#####

My attorney has asked me not to discuss the facts of my pending case. I hope you can respect that request and help me honor it. I very much want the public to hear from me but I understand that it is not appropriate to talk about the facts in detail at this time. Nevertheless, I want everyone to understand how sorry I feel about the hurt I have brought to my child.
I never wanted to be a distraction to the Vikings organization, the Minnesota community or to my teammates. I never imagined being in a position where the world is judging my parenting skills or calling me a child abuser because of the discipline I administered to my son.

I voluntarily appeared before the grand jury several weeks ago to answer any and all questions they had. Before my grand jury appearance, I was interviewed by two different police agencies without an attorney. In each of these interviews I have said the same thing, and that is that I never ever intended to harm my son. I will say the same thing once I have my day in court. 

I have to live with the fact that when I disciplined my son the way I was disciplined as a child, I caused an injury that I never intended or thought would happen. I know that many people disagree with the way I disciplined my child. I also understand after meeting with a psychologist that there are other alternative ways of disciplining a child that may be more appropriate.
I have learned a lot and have had to reevaluate how I discipline my son going forward. But deep in my heart I have always believed I could have been one of those kids that was lost in the streets without the discipline instilled in me by my parents and other relatives. I have always believed that the way my parents disciplined me has a great deal to do with the success I have enjoyed as a man. I love my son and I will continue to become a better parent and learn from any mistakes I ever make.

I am not a perfect son. I am not a perfect husband. I am not a perfect parent, but I am, without a doubt, not a child abuser. I am someone that disciplined his child and did not intend to cause him any injury. No one can understand the hurt that I feel for my son and for the harm I caused him. My goal is always to teach my son right from wrong and that’s what I tried to do that day.

I accept the fact that people feel very strongly about this issue and what they think about my conduct. Regardless of what others think, however, I love my son very much and I will continue to try to become a better father and person., Here's the Vikings' statement on why they are reinstating Adrian Peterson to play this Sunday:, Thrilled the public's voice was heard this week. Football is where much of America comes together. We should demand the best from it., As his first statement since his charges became public, Adrian Peterson tweeted this photo:, Cool pic from the AP of @Cardinals pitcher Adam Wainright, Former #Ravens Chris Johnson and Derrick Mason discuss Ray Rice & domestic violence in the NFL's locker room culture. Johnson's sister was a victim of domestic violence, shot to death by her ex-boyfriend., Very revealing interview with Clippers Coach Doc Rivers - what was it like to go through the Sterling saga? Why did he go work for Sterling in the first place? And how does his own history influence his outlook? He answers it all..., Floyd Mayweather has a record of serious violence against women. And I asked him about it. Here's the interview: , Can't wait for @LAClippers fans to check out our Doc Rivers interview tonight. Inside the Sterling scandal and race in the NBA - 10:30p Pacific time on @CNN., I do not look happy. Floyd Mayweather does not look happy. This may be because I ask him some serious questions on domestic abuse, coming up on Unguarded on @CNN 10:30p ET/ 7:30p ET, Why oh why does the NFL still have an antitrust exemption??? I get into it with a member of the US Senate on Unguarded tonight on CNN. 10:30p ET/7:30p PT, Some truly stomach-churning details in this updated report on Adrian Peterson, Adrian Peterson indicted on charges of reckless or negligent injury of a child, stemming from his physical discipline of his young son with a switch. Note: child is 4 years old, Peterson is listed at 6-foot-1, 217 lbs, Prepping tonight's BIG #Unguarded: I question Floyd Mayweather on his domestic violence history and Doc Rivers talks NBA/racism, a US Senator calls for Roger Goodell's job, plus we'll talk to two of Ray Rice's former Ravens teammates.
10:30p ET/7:30p PT, Tremendous Gary Hershorn photo of the Tribute in Light one night before the anniversary of 9/11.
Will never forget. 
Goodnight, everyone., I'd like to know what Mara & Rooney "overseeing" the investigation means. Because if it's strong oversight, that's not "independent.", It's happened: NFL has appointed former FBI Director to conduct independent investigation into handling of Ray Rice situation., Great to work with my old friend Peter King tonight - now I know it really must be football season!, And in other NFL news... , Texted with Ray Rice. He told me: "I'm just holding strong for my wife and kid, that's all I can do right now.", Just heard Macklemore dug our chat with Richard Sherman so much, he's letting us use his music for it. Nice! Check it out:, I sat down with 18-time(!) Grand Slam Champion Serena Williams for this week's #Unguarded on CNN. Here's a short excerpt: , The Baltimore Ravens finally do what many have been demanding for months., Whoa - Fox broadcast showing a LOT of 49ers fans at Cowboys Stadium today., The weather here at the #USOpen today can only be described as perfect. And...pretty much the same for Serena's game., Football. Sunday. 
Yes., Team USA breezes thru the Round of 16 at the FIBA World Cup. Here's our #Unguarded interview with Coach K from Spain, Thanks to everyone who caught our show tonight! #Unguarded re-airs tonight on #CNN at 1:30a Eastern/10:30p Pacific...so if you missed us, well, CATCH UP!!, Going out tonight? Set your DVR for #Unguarded at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on CNN. Richard Sherman, Tiger, Rory & Coach K are all on the show...we're LOADED to start our new fall season., Behind the scenes: here's the control room shot of our pre-tape with Coach K for tonight's show. He's in Spain...couldn't get him to stay up until 10:30p Eastern!, Great shot from the @NFL - this is what it's like to be Aaron Rodgers tonight.
#NFL #Packers #Seahawks, Hey Pharrell, you're great and everything, but can we get the football game started please?, GREAT news: after clean scans last month, Jim Kelly had a few final double-check-type biopsies. The results came back today: cancer free. Here's an excerpt from my conversation with Jim. Full interview will air on @UnguardedCNN this month: http://cnn.it/1tvNpma , Touching statement from Melissa Rivers on the death of her mother Joan at 81:, How do we feel about this? , Prepping tomorrow night's #Unguarded - we are starting our new season BIG. 
Friday 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, Serena was ROLLING in the leopard print tonight
#usopen, Hello, Tennis
#USOpen, I'm probably supposed to pretend I'm not as excited about this as I really am... , NFL announces that Colts owner Jim Irsay has been suspended 6 games (not allowed at team facility at all during that time), and fined half a million dollars for violating the league's Personal Conduct Policy.
, Welcome back, College Football Saturday. We missed you., Extremely smart stuff from Doc Rivers on sports, race & society. Airs on a future #Unguarded when we return in Sept., We're spending the day with Doc Rivers. Coolest home office ever. 
#Clippers #Celtics #NBA, Just got to my hotel, and this is one of the buttons on the elevator. I think I'm going to like it here..., Beautifully-written, extremely-insightful piece on Jerry Jones. , Great time hanging with the #Seahawks, and so nice to run into an old @ESPN friend at the end of the day. See ya, #Seattle, #Seahawks making a play for best doormat at a practice facility, End of the path.
#Naturewalk
#Seattle, Should I ask this guy to join the hike?
#Naturewalk
#Seattle
#BeatsTheGym, Clickberry Clackberry
Pick me a blackberry
#Naturewalk
#Seattle, Lily pad carpet 
#Naturewalk
#Seattle
#BeatsTheGym, Okay, #Seattle, now you're just showing off...
#WalkingTheWaterfront
#OhAndIts82Degrees, Behind the scenes at our #Seahawks shoot. Hey, when one Richard Sherman isn't enough...be sure to have two!, #Seahawks training facility. Not a bad view for the guys while they work out, Good morning, Seattle, Tramming around
#NYC, Quick excerpt from our chat with Hall of Famer Jim Kelly. He got great news in his cancer fight this week., Steph Curry wearing this shirt tonight postgame. Nice tribute to Paul George from Team USA., Some sparklers on Kyrie Irving #ShoeGame
#USABasketball, Basketball, Team USA up big in the 3rd over Puerto Rico, 76-56, at the Garden.
#USABasketball
#NBA
#MSG, As the 25th anniversary of his ban from baseball approaches, we caught up with Pete Rose in (of course) Las Vegas http://cnn.it/1tpQGU1, Loved spending the morning w/Hall of Famer Jim Kelly, who got great news in his cancer fight this week. #KellyTough #Bills #NFL, Things I can't unsee... #NBA #ohChuck 
#NBAonTNT, Great to chat with Tiger and Rory yesterday. Interviews will air when Unguarded returns in the fall., Putting some miles on the car today - nice view of #NYC from Jersey City., #USABasketball team photo at #WestPoint, #WestPoint, Mess Hall at #WestPoint
#usabasketball, Sure is purty here.
#WestPoint
#USABasketball, With Team USA at #WestPoint and just passed this photo of Coach K from when he was a cadet here. Let's just say James Harden was impressed with the combover., At West Point today with #USABasketball, Mo'ne Davis = awesome
#ThrowLikeAGirl #llws
#Repost #espnw, Eyewitness to #Ferguson shooting tells her story. #MikeBrown, Tiger Woods withdraws from Ryder Cup consideration., Who's playing where & when next season? NBATV will unveil the NBA 2014-15 schedule in a one-hour special tomorrow at 6pm ET/3p PT, Yes. Yes it is..., With the Donald Sterling era officially over, new Clippers owner Steve Ballmer releases this statement:, It's official: press release from the NBA. Donald Sterling no longer owns the Clippers., Oh Captain, My Captain
, I like last year's Peyton/Eli rap video better than this year's (and btw I can't believe I just typed that sentence). You can watch the new one here below...
, If the PGA Championship doesn't finish tonight, they'll resume at 9a tomorrow on CBS. If they need a playoff, it's 3 holes, then sudden death after that if necessary., Sunset in Louisville tonight isn't until 8:43p. 
#PGA #Hurry, As you read coverage on Tony Stewart today, don't miss this on Kevin Ward Jr. 
Touching - and important., Cuyahoga
#Cleveland #Cavaliers, LeBron takes the stage in front of a packed stadium. Says he feels like he should be singing or rapping...then promises that for the sake of everyone's ears, he won't., Here's what's covering the end zone at LeBron's "Welcome Home" rally in Akron, Stop #2 today. 
Hello, Akron..., Midwestern "indignation": Timberwolves fans had a hard time burning Kevin Love’s jersey , First stop, Boston. Good morning..., Spurs hire Becky Hammon as an assistant coach. Hammon was named one of top 15 WNBA players of all time - she'll be terrific., Lots of fun doing this. You can check out Damian Lillard's life manning a concession stand at http://bit.ly/1v6L45c, How come after six months without @NFL games, waiting the final 15 minutes until kickoff is the hardest part?, Impressive attitude. Not sure if I'd be this positive less than two hours after that injury. Good for him., Paul George appears to have been badly injured in tonight's USA Basketball scrimmage. How badly? This says it all, unfortunately., And a nation rejoices..., #NBA statement on the Sterling court ruling:, Judge rules against Donald Sterling, clears way for $2 billion sale of Clippers to Steve Ballmer, Peyton Manning dancing. At practice today. To "Rocky Top." And, um, well, you should just watch:, LeBron says he's going back to No. 23 in Cleveland, On induction day at the Hall of Fame, three of the all-time greats - including new inductee Greg Maddux - take a refreshingly honest look at baseball's good, bad & ugly:
, Baseball's Hall of Fame Induction Ceremonies are this weekend. Three of Cooperstown's finest - including new inductee Greg Maddux - join Unguarded for a refreshingly honest look at their sport.
, Love that Reggie Wayne is back healthy with the Indianapolis Colts. Love even more that he showed up for training camp today in an Indycar., Tough news: Broncos owner Pat Bowlen resigns control of team, acknowledges he's dealing with Alzheimer's disease. , Smart stuff from Kevin Durant today, in our interview on redefining toughness and the responsibilities of being a pro., This soooo needs to happen..., But it's a dry heat..., #LasVegas, President Obama: Commercial jet shoot-down an 'outrage of unspeakable proportion'. Our show Unguarded will be preempted tonight for continuing news coverage of this story - we'll be back next week and in the meantime send our most heartfelt condolences to the families of those lost., Who has the best take on the state of baseball? How about three Hall of Famers. A very smart & funny panel on Friday's Unguarded - 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @cnn, Our crew setting up our interview location in Lake Tahoe. #CantBeatTheBackdrop, Endless wildflowers
#LakeTahoe, Love celebrity golf tournaments. Jim McMahon getting tutored by Hank Haney...in his bare feet, Loved that the @Padres tweeted this picture out after last night's All Star Game 
#Padres
#TonyGwynn, Loved Derek Jeter at All-Star? Check out this excerpt from my Unguarded sitdown with him last month  #Jeter #Yankees 
, It's a good week for sunsets 
#LakeTahoe
#nofilter, Brian Urlacher, Greg Maddux & Pudge Rodriguez trying to beat the light on 18.
#LakeTahoeGolf, At a celebrity golf event in Lake Tahoe. Yeah, I can see why they draw here..., Sometimes, getting on an airplane can be a very, very good thing..., About Last Night: great look from All Star in Minneapolis via @startribune, Catching up with Kurt Russell & his nephews about their new baseball movie - they'll be on Unguarded Friday at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @cnn, The new #Browns mascot, named "Swagger." How Swagger-y does he look to you?, Sunset. 
Now...bring on the supermoon.
#NoFilter, Why we love @Shaq..., I see a report saying LeBron is going to Cleveland. I see several others saying he hasn't made up his mind yet. Here's what a know for sure, no "sources" required:
summer vacation > NBA Free Agency watch, Here's an English translation of the Facebook post by #Neymar that's gone crazy viral over the past few hours
#worldcup 
#Brazil, To review: extra time is two 15-minute periods. These are not sudden-death. They play the whole clock out. Then penalty kicks if necessary, Ready to go
#worldcup 
#usmnt, Free agent Carmelo Anthony visiting the Bulls today, and look at what they put up on the signs around the arena. (Photo via Steve Lippo), The #USMNT has been posting inspiring messages from supporters in the locker room - here's today's via @ussoccer
#worldcup, Star striker Jozy Altidore (hamstring) cleared to play vs Belgium tomorrow. Big lift for #USMNT, although Jürgen Klinsmann says he doesn't know how many minutes Jozy will be able to play., Football goes fútball: both Chicago's Soldier Field & the Cowboys' stadium in Texas will be showing the #USMNT match tomorrow on their big screens. Expect some crazy scenes., Facebook needs a "wow" button for this story: Jason Kidd makes a power play, fails, could leave Nets. 
Scoop from the NY Post:, New favorite 'Most Interesting Man in the World' line: "He once gave a pep talk so compelling, both teams won.", Andrew Wiggins, throwing down the gauntlet before tonight's #NBA draft, with some help from @womensweardaily, Keep Calm, Carry On, and remember...US can advance with a loss. Here's the chart, via FiveThirtyEight, To help your blood pressure over these 90 minutes, remember: Win/advance. Tie/advance. Lose/still very good chance to advance. Here's a good chart from FiveThirtyEight showing all the ways #USMNT can move on even if they lose today., Worried about the rain in Brazil today? Remember: the #USMNT qualified for this World Cup by winning a game IN THE SNOW, FIFA announces Luis "The Cannibal" Suarez is suspended for the rest of the World Cup after biting an opponent during a match the other day. Uruguay's Suarez is suspended 9 matches/four months overall, including club matches. Can't even enter a stadium during that time and has been fined 100,000 Swiss Francs.
(Guess that whole "his shoulder ran into my teeth" defense didn't work.), FIFA spokeswoman on USA-Germany: "It is true there are heavy rains, but the match will go on as scheduled." No delay, she says, "despite rumors.", Insane pic from @FTBpro showing what the streets look like in Recife, Brazil, today as teams, fans try to get to USA-Germany game. At least @JeremySchaap pic of actual field looks better. #Drainage #WorldCup #USMNT, Worried about how to watch the USA/Germany game during work hours tomorrow? @USSoccer has you covered with this note to your boss, Love this pic of Queen Elizabeth visiting the Game of Thrones set today. Tommen beware... #GOT, Winner.
#Suarez
#WorldCup, If you ever wondered why Uruguay's Luis Suárez is sometimes referred to by the nickname "the Cannibal," you learned today. This is the 3rd time he's been accused of biting an opponent., At #USMNT press conference this morning, Coach Jurgen Klinsmann confirms Jozy Altidore will miss Thursday's game vs Germany, but he says Jozy should be ready play in the next round if they advance., Let the craziness begin - LeBron James' camp has confirmed that agent Rich Paul   told the Heat that LeBron will exercise the early termination option in his contract. Note: opting out doesn't mean LeBron won't  play in Miami next year. Just allows him to look elsewhere, or restructure w/Heat if he stays. This DOES put pressure on the Heat, though, to put together a better team than they had this past season, if they want to re-sign him., Love the Google homepage right now. Click on the play button... 
, #Jets Coach Rex Ryan is in the Amazon tonight, cheering on the #USMNT #WorldCup
#Repost, #USMNT equipment staff has ironed-on a quote to inside of players' jerseys for today, under the crest. (Via  @ussoccer), How is the US team prepping for its match vs Portugal? We checked in with starting midfielder Alejandro Bedoya from Brazil, Starting over - in French. Chad Johnson takes Unguarded along to Quebec as he tries to make it in the CFL, From Captain to Boss? Derek Jeter discusses retirement plans, plus giving back to the city that's given him so much, What does it look like when an NFL star has to start all over? 
How Chad Ochocinco became Chad Johnson again, and found his way in the unlikeliest of places. 
10:30p ET/7:30p PT tonight on @CNN. 
Preview clip: , Great Unguarded on CNN tonight at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT: Alejandro Bedoya, starting midfielder on the US soccer team, checks in from Brazil. We've also got an exclusive sitdown with Derek Jeter, plus a look at Chad Johnson's life in the Canadian Football League., Great hanging with Derek Jeter today - he'll be on Unguarded this Friday. 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN 
#Yankees #HopeWeek, Damage. Control., And you thought you had airline problems..., Front page of the paper here in San Antonio
#NBA  #Spurs, One of my favorite championship night traditions: the NBA does postgame portraits with the winning team every year. Players get solo shots, shots with their family. Love this one of Tim, Bill Russell & The Admiral. Also a great one of Manu Ginobili: "I missed you baby.", Over.
Congratulations, #Spurs. What a team., Interviewed Patty Mills early in the series; the next day he introduced me to his entire family. Big night couldn't be happening for a nicer guy, View from above...
#NBAFinals #Spurs #Heat, Mario Chalmers has been benched for tonight's Game 5. Ray Allen gets the start for the Heat instead, along with LeBron, Dwyane Wade, Chris Bosh & Rashard Lewis., Heat's Chris Bosh at shootaround this morning: "We're not going down....Plain and simple, we're going to win this game.", Heat's Dwyane Wade tells me Chris Bosh had him, LeBron & Udonis Haslem over for last night to eat, talk about how to turn this series around. It was an off day for the Heat; Wade did go to the gym solo to work on his shooting after a 3-for-13 outing in Game 4. Ray Allen said he took a 14-mile bike ride around Miami, to move around and clear his head., The Spurs' Gregg Popovich said today that he'd like to coach beyond this year. (There had been talk of him retiring if Duncan does.) As for Duncan's plans post-Finals? He said: "I'm not saying I'm retiring.  I'm not saying I'm not retiring.  I'm not saying anything.", NBA Commissioner Adam Silver opens up about what's been happening behind the scenes in the Donald Sterling saga, plus his plans for the NBA, San Antonio 
#Spurs #Heat #NBAFinals, Well played, sirs. All of you., A life honorably lived: legendary Steelers Coach Chuck Noll passes at 82
, Big thanks to everyone who joined us for tonight's Unguarded. You can still catch my revealing interview with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver; he discusses everything that happened behind the scenes with the Donald Sterling saga. Plus my chat with Mark Messier. It's all on our re-air at 1:30a ET/10:30p PT on CNN, This guy. On Unguarded tonight; 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN. Had a great time catching up! 
#MarkMessier #NHL #BecauseItsTheCup, Good morning - heading back to New York for tonight's Unguarded on @CNN. 
Set your DVR, 10:30p ET/7:30p PT, Last game in Miami this season? Last home game for the Heat Big Three era?, There are a lot of things that go into the #Spurs being an elite team...but I'm not sure their clothes fall into that category..., Our NBATV pregame show is on the air right now. Charles Barkley, Shaquille O' Neal, Steve Smith, Matt Winer, David Aldridge and me!, Our NBATV pregame show is on the air right now. Charles Barkley, Shaquille O' Neal, Steve Smith, Matt Winer, David Aldridge and me!, Now that the World Cup has officially begun, definitely worth watching John Oliver's very funny take on FIFA, The t-shirts being given out at the arena in Miami tonight.
#NBA #Heat #Spurs, On with Wolf Blitzer earlier today as he interviewed Donald Sterling's lawyer...he says Donald is going to keep fighting. So...yeah., @Rachel__Nichols: In the green room w/Sir Charles, Steve Smith & Matt Winer...and somehow @ChrisBosh still manages to photobomb us, New statement from Donald Sterling. Seriously ups the language, railing against Adam Silver, NBA's "reign of terror.", Lots of laughs interviewing Mark Messier for this week's Unguarded. My night is already a win. 
#NHL #StanleyCupFinal, An excerpt from my exclusive with Adam Silver. Much more to come on Friday's Unguarded at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on CNN, Chatting with Spurs Game 1 hero Danny Green. Who wins tonight?
#NBA #Spurs #Heat, NBA writer @JeffZillgitt for the win with his quote sheet as if California Chrome was playing in the NBA Finals., The owner of California Chrome GOES OFF after the Belmont. Calls Tonalist's win "the coward's way out"
, Dwyane Wade interrupted LeBron's news conference today. LeBron’s Allen Iverson impersonation followed... , San Antonio Spurs, doing #Spurs-type things...
#NBA #NBAFinals, Dwyane Wade wearing the Stockton and Malone socks today. Had Bad Boys socks earlier in playoffs. 
#NBA #SockGame, Gatorade issues apology for last night's anti-LeBron tweets (although if you click "replies," right now tweets are still up)
#NBA, Interviewing #Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra tonight.
#NBA #Finals, Official Gatorade Twitter account going hard after LeBron. (He's sponsored by Powerade), New reality show??? Me, Isiah Thomas, Grant Hill, Chris Webber and Kristen Ledlow in the Motor Coach that NBATV has parked inside the arena here in San Antonio.
#NBA #TheFinals #TooMuchFun, Behind the scenes with David Robinson, great interview for tomorrow night's Unguarded on CNN. #TheAdmiral #Legend #NBA, Almost all sports do this, but it still drives me crazy. When you say 8p ET start...start at 8p, please., Hey, look at that. I remembered.

#TheAlamo #SanAntonio #NBAFinals, Ray Allen always a thoughtful interview. We discussed The Shot that changed his life. Also, how his son being rushed to the hospital during both the 2008 & 2010 NBA Finals gives him great perspective as he tries to win it all again.
#NBA #TheFinals #Heat, Hello, San Antonio, If you like the Internet, and haven't yet seen John Oliver explain why the FCC may be about to screw it up, watch here: , Well, at least this is a much nicer image than these two left us with last night. (Via Crystal Bell)
#GoT #Viper #Mountain, I thought this was a parody headline at first. But...it's not., Rematch. Expect to see a lot of this over the next few days., My #Heat-#Pacers wrap-up will be on  @NBAonTNT tonight. The East has a champion; what's going to happen in the West?, This wasn't a bad sight either. Sunrise over Miami Beach., Cannot do justice to how pleased I was to find this on my plane. Hooray for seatback TVs., It's over. (We think) NBA accepts sale of Clippers along w/Shelly's promise to indemnify against lawsuits from Donald, Reading up for tonight's Unguarded on @cnn: LeBron talks playoffs, Kurt Busch's 1st-person account of his "double," plus JJ Watt. 10:30p ET/7/30p PT, #NBA statement on potential Clippers sale:, The cover of today's NY Post #Rangers #NHL, #Pacers Paul George trying to keep that shot hot, That look LeBron had after Lance blew in his ear..., On the wall of the arena concourse here in Indiana. Hey @ReggieMillerTNT, what's that under your chin?, Surprise, surprise, surprise...Donald Sterling says he's going to fight the NBA selling his team. Here's the 32-page response filed to the NBA, obtained by USA Today:
, The view from our @cnn studio here in Miami. Not bad..., So the Pacers' Lance Stephenson may have poked the bear a bit today...he was asked today about trash-talking LeBron James on the court and how LeBron replied more in Game 3. This was Lance's answer: "To me, I think it’s a sign of weakness, because he never used to say nothing to me. I used to always be the one who would say 'oh, I’m going to get under your skins. I’m going to do something to get you mad.' Now he’s trying to do something to me. So I feel like it’s a weakness. I feel like I’m doing something right. And I’m getting under his skin.", Manny Ramirez hired to "mentor" minor leaguers by the Cubs. I'm all for people getting opportunities to move on from their mistakes and re-make their lives, but...is mentoring young players really the best place for a guy caught cheating multiple times? Are we so sure he's seen the error of trying for shortcuts, and would preach playing the right way?
, #Pacers were up by 15 at one pt in this game. Now, #Heat about to go ahead 2-1 in series, Pacers announce that Paul George will participate in tomorrow’s shootaround, and barring any unforeseen complications, he will play in Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Finals Saturday., null, Just in case you weren't horrified enough by Donald & Shelly Sterling, the LA Times tells you how bad they really are , Bye bye Indianapolis. Have fun this weekend..., The old reflected on the new here in Indianapolis., #NFL awards 2018 Super Bowl to Minneapolis, won out over New Orleans in the final vote. Here's what the #Vikings new stadium is supposed to look like (minus the two feet of snow). The NFL likes to reward cities with new buildings., What does this book LeBron's reading have to do with the Heat's playoff quest? Find out on @NBAonTNT tonight at 8p ET, How did the Pacers came out so strong in Game 1 after their yo-yo postseason? Lance Stephenson said the whole roller-coaster experience has actually "helped bring us together. All the drama, all the stuff coming out with the media - it definitely helped bring us together and made us more a family."

Frank Vogel added that the Pacers' ability to deal with rough waters comes back to character: "Back when we had troubles with our image 5-6, 7 years ago, Larry Bird started from scratch saying we are going to bring in high character people, and not just guys who don’t get in trouble, but who are able to handle things like that. You know, we’ve got a lot of high-character guys, and I think they’ve handled that kind of outside stuff well.", What's the #Heat's mentality going into Game 2 vs the #Pacers? Well, Dwyane Wade is wearing these Pistons Bad Boys socks today, Note to self: Next house, Moon Door. #GoT, T-shirts being given out at the arena in Indiana today
#Pacers #Heat #NBA, Pre-gaming means something much different now than it did when I was in college...
#ECF #NBA #Heat #Pacers, In honor of the Conference Finals, here's Game of Thrones: NBA edition. Pop = White Walker...perfect., And here we go...Banned Clippers owner Donald Sterling does not plan to pay $2.5 million fine, his laywer told the NBA., And here's the #Blazers "Gone Fishing" from @nbaontnt, Our @NBAonTNT crew gives Brooklyn the Gone Fishing treatment. Note Jay Z's "100 problems" shirt..., So...this is what the lobby of my hotel looks like right now. #TimeToGoHome, Steve Kerr tells David Aldridge it was an "agonizing" decision to pick the #Warriors instead of Phil & the #New York Knicks, Ray Allen got a hand on the basketball on #Nets' last possession. Game's over...he's not letting go of that ball.
#Heat
#NBA, Steve Kerr accepts coaching job with Golden State Warriors, spurns Phil Jackson & the New York Knicks. Here's David Aldridge and the TNT basketball crew with the scoop:, #Nets line up for pregame introductions - I'm on the sidelines for Game 5 vs #Heat starting on @nbaontnt now, Pregame interview with LeBron. On talk of a possible player boycott over Sterling situation, he said: "The direction Adam is going, there shouldn't be a need for it. We trust those guys and we know that they're going to take care of what needs to be done for our league, and we understand that it's not going to be tomorrow. The system will not work tomorrow, but the direction they're going – we're all for it.", So much exquisite architecture tucked into so many corners of #NYC, Some athlete's gotta buy this, right? , .@SammyWatkins goes to visit Jim Kelly in the hospital. Yeah, I think he's going to be Buffalo's kind of guy
#Bills
#Clemson
#repost, #NBA Commissioner Adam Silver's statement on Donald Sterling's @CNN interview, If you are not watching @NBAonTNT, you may want to start - we've got Nets 82, Heat 81 with 9:00 to go in 4th. Oh and LeBron has 42 already., Shirts being given out at #Heat-#Nets tonight., Meeting with #Nets Coach Jason Kidd before Game 4 vs #Heat on @NBAonTNT, From #Heat shootaround this morning. What do we think was said in THIS conversation?
#NBA #repost, Look what the @Rockies just posted...um, it's MAY. And not even the beginning of May., 24 people applied for a Director of Operations job listing a heavy workload, $0 pay & no vacations. 
Good video:, #Nets practicing for tomorrow's Game 4 vs #Heat. We have the call on @NBAonTNT at 8p, Tremendous look on Jay Z's face in this pic from SLAM's Abe Schwadron. Btw, that's Jake Gyllenhaal on the left. Or could be the homeless guy who told the Browns to draft Manziel. Not sure., Congrats to Michael Sam, and to Les Snead & the Rams, who are smart enough to know a good football player is never a "distraction." Excited to see Sam compete for a job this summer., Spoke with Dick Parsons, who today was appointed as Interim CEO of the Clippers. Here are a few notes, in no particular order: 

- He said "the first order of business is just to settle everyone down, and get everyone back to doing our jobs. There will be some disturbance in the force from time to time, but that’s not going to affect us. That’s going to be the NBA’s job to work through the turbulence of these ownership issues." 

- He believes he was chosen because the NBA was looking for "someone who was not a usual suspect," that the league "wanted someone with some broad-based experience at a high level, knowledge and integrity." He added that having played basketball at the University of Hawaii didn't hurt, although when I asked him how good a player he was, he joked that his old coach recently answered that same question by saying Parsons "tried really hard." 

- Parsons also told me that while him being African-American certainly won't affect his decisions or relationships, "symbolically, it could affect the way people see the Commissioner's commitment to this, which is significant."

- Parsons said Adam Silver first contacted him about the job on Monday. His acceptance was finalized yesterday, and he will be in LA at the start of next week to begin working with the team, although he has already spoken via telephone with Doc Rivers and a few others in the organization. I asked him who he will report to, and he said he will be operating as both the Interim CEO and the "owner proxy for everything but the sale of the team," so he will have relative autonomy., Johnny Manziel on the possibility of going to Dallas: "I don't think the world could have handled that, honestly.", This ESPN graphic is pretty incredible. (sorry, Raider Nation), Meanwhile in San Antonio...
Portland Trailblazers greeted by A SNAKE in the visitors locker room upon arriving to play Game 2 vs Spurs., This year the players attending the NFL Draft at Radio City get "walk up" music once they're selected. Here's what everyone picked:

Odell Beckham Jr.: " The Sky's The Limit" (Lil Wayne)

Blake Bortles: "Blow Up" (J. Cole)

Teddy Bridgewater: "The World's Greatest" (R. Kelly)
. 
Ha Ha Clinton-Dix: "Never Would Have Made It" (Marvin Sapp)

Jadeveon Clowney:  "The Man"  (Aloe Blacc)

Brandin Cooks and Ryan Shazier: " Everythang" (Young Jeezy)

Kony Ealy: "Money Baby" (K Camp)

Eric Ebron: "They Don't Love You No More"  (DJ Khaled)

Mike Evans: "Trophies" (Young Money feat. Drake)

Kyle Fuller and Ra'Shede Hageman: "We Made It" (Drake feat. Soulja Boy)

Jimmy Garoppolo: "Good Life" (Kanye West feat. T-Pain)

Justin Gilbert: "We Dem Boyz" (Wiz Khalifa)

Cyrus Kouandjio:"Radioactive" (Imagine Dragons)

Cody Latimer: "Everyday" (Ace Hood)

Marqise Lee: "Handsome & Wealthy" (Migos)

Taylor Lewan: "Rock City" (Kings Of Leon)

Khalil Mack & Greg Robinson: "Happy" (Pharrell Williams)

Johnny Manziel: " Draft Day" (Drake)

Jake Matthews: "Going The Distance" (Bill Conti)

Jordan Matthews: "Through The Wire" (Kanye West)

Morgan Moses: "Sideline Story" (J. Cole)

C.J. Mosley: "My Favorite Song" (Wiz Khalifa)

Calvin Pryor: "Dreams & Nightmares" (Meek Mill)

Bradley Roby: "Believe Me" (Drake feat. Lil Wayne)

Jason Verrett: "Icy" (Gucci Mane)

Sammy Watkins: "Look What You've Done" (Drake)

, Keep seeing FarmersOnly ads. Would love to see the research convincing them the NBA playoffs are a great way to hit their target audience., Great stuff from the Heat on @NBAonTNT last night - now...can the Nets answer?, Seattle Seahawks Richard Sherman on his new contract, The NFL is reportedly weighing holding the draft “a week or two later” next year. As in, EVEN LATER than this year. I think the Internet might break if they follow through on that. , If you have not seen Kevin Durant's MVP acceptance speech, you need to. Click link below. And grab some tissues., I'm working sidelines for @NBAonTNT tonight. How many future Hall of Famers will be on this floor?, Let's just say I had a decent view while waiting for #Nets shootaround this morning, Smart NBA conversation with @ATLHawks owner Bruce Levenson & @wolfblitzer. More NBA talk coming up next on @CNN, Great article on the magic that happened in Toronto these past two weeks, and why it mattered: , The #Heat Big Three at the end of practice for tomorrow's Game 1 vs the #Nets. We've got it on @NBAonTNT - 7p ET, see ya then., What an ending to Nets-Raptors! As Mike Tirico put it, "At the moment of truth, it was The Truth." Great call, great series.
(And on a sidenote, I'd like to personally thank whoever invented the ability to watch a basketball game on a cell phone.), In honor of this weekend's five Game 7's (most in any round in NBA playoff history), a little old-school "I Love This Game" 
, Um, isn't "temporarily" closing a Starbucks like closing a hospital or something?? Don't they have to keep a skeleton staff for the truly needy?, Damian Lillard is CLUTCH. 1st buzzer-beater to win a playoff series since John Stockton in '97 , Donald Sterling tells DuJour Magazine: “I wish I had just paid her off.", Here are the members of the NBA's Advisory Committee: Minnesota's Glen Taylor (chair), Miami's Micky Arison, the Lakers' Jeanie Buss, OKC's Clay Bennett, the Knicks' James Dolan, Boston's Wyc Grousbeck, the Spurs' Peter Holt, Phoenix's Robert Sarver, Indiana's Herb Simon and Toronto's Larry Tanenbaum, NBA announces its Advisory Committee of 10 owners has met via conference call and agreed to move forward "as expeditiously as possible" with "the process for termination of Donald T. Sterling’s ownership of the Los Angeles Clippers." The committee will reconvene next week., Pic from yesterday of me (5-foot-4) with former Jazz star Thurl Bailey (7-feet). And oh yeah, notice the person behind us trying on a "Stiviano visor"???, Headlines I never could have predicted I'd see, for $1,000...FSU Baseball announces it has suspended Jameis Winston after citation for stealing crab legs, Hijinks at the @CNN studios. On set again all morning, talking NBA..., This video is enough to make me very wary of Sterling's wife being allowed anywhere near this franchise again either, If you go to the Clippers website right now, this is what you'll see:, Here is the statement from the NBA, laying out the ban for life on Donald Sterling, $2.5 million fine and its urging for the league's other owners to force Sterling to sell the team.

NEW YORK, April 29, 2014 – NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has banned Donald Sterling for life from any association with the Clippers or the NBA, it was announced today at a press conference in Manhattan.

Commissioner Silver has also fined Mr. Sterling $2.5 million, the maximum amount allowed under the NBA Constitution. The fine money will be donated to organizations dedicated to anti-discrimination and tolerance efforts that will be jointly selected by the NBA and the Players Association.

As part of the lifetime ban, Mr. Sterling may not attend any NBA games or practices, be present at any Clippers office or facility, or participate in any business or player personnel decisions involving the team. He will also be barred from attending NBA Board of Governors meetings and participating in any other league activity.

Commissioner Silver also announced that he will urge the Board of Governors to exercise its authority to force a sale of the team.

The discipline issued today is based on the Commissioner’s conclusion that Mr. Sterling violated league rules through his expressions of offensive and hurtful views, the impact of which has been widely felt throughout the league.

A transcript of Commissioner Silver’s press conference will be issued this afternoon and posted on the NBA’s media website (mediacentral.nba.com)., If you're not near a TV, here is the live stream of NBA Commissioner Adam Silver's press conference: 
, This will be Adam Silver's view during today's press conference, Still dark...goodbye Charlotte..., Ah, how times change. Then...and now..., And the clock strikes midnight: Bye bye Bobcats. Charlotte out of the playoffs, and officially back to being the Hornets. New logo, old colors...gotta love that purple and teal, Echoing Clippers yesterday, Heat came out for warmups tonight, threw logo shirts down at midcourt & wore warm ups inside out. Heat players made clear they are not upset with their own team ownership; Micky Arison actually 1st owner to come out & condemn recording of Sterling. But w/inside-out shirts, wanted to show support of Clips players, and show that until addressed, Sterling is an issue for all., Officials here at #Heat-#Bobcats, being all official..., These playoffs, man..., President Obama was asked about Donald Sterling in his press conference in Malaysia. 

Obama replied: "I don’t think I have to interpret those statements for you -- they kind of speak for themselves. When people – when ignorant folks want to advertise their ignorance you don’t really have to do anything you just let them talk. And that’s what happened here. I have confidence that the NBA commissioner, Adam Silver, a good man, will address this. Obviously the NBA is a league that is beloved by fans all across the country. It’s got an awful lot of African American players, it’s steeped in African American culture, and I suspect that the NBA is going to be deeply concerned in resolving this.
 
I will make just one larger comment about this. You know we – the US continues to wrestle with the legacy of race, and slavery, and segregation. That’s still there… the vestiges of discrimination. We’ve made enormous strides but you know you’re going to continue to see this percolate up every so often and I think we just have to be clear and steady in denouncing it, teaching our children differently, but also remaining hopeful that part of why some statements like this stand out so much is because there have been a shift – there has been this shift in how we view ourselves. And like Malaysia, we constantly have to be on guard against racial attitudes that divide us rather than embracing our diversity as a strength. And I know that people of Malaysia are committed to wrestling with those issues as well. We have to make sure that we stay on top of it. And we will.", Side note on Clippers story: Donald Sterling was scheduled to be given lifetime achievement award by Los Angeles NAACP next month, Vincent Lamar Carter. 37 years young.
Wow., Very strong stuff from LeBron James in response to tape of Clippers owner: "“If the reports are true, it’s unacceptable. There is no room for Donald Sterling in our league." Also: "I believe in [new NBA Commissioner] Adam Silver, I believe in the NBA and they have to do something and do something very fast and quickly before this really gets out of hand.", Statement from LA Clippers President Andy Roeser on Donald Sterling below. Do you buy it?

“We have heard the tape on TMZ. We do not know if it is legitimate or it has been altered. We do know that the woman on the tape -- who we believe released it to TMZ -- is the defendant in a lawsuit brought by the Sterling family alleging that she embezzled more than $1.8 million, who told Mr. Sterling that she would 'get even.' Mr. Sterling is emphatic that what is reflected on that recording is not consistent with, nor does it reflect his views, beliefs or feelings. It is the antithesis of who he is, what he believes and how he has lived his life. He feels terrible that such sentiments are being attributed to him and apologizes to anyone who might have been hurt by them.

"He is also upset and apologizes for sentiments attributed to him about Earvin Johnson. He has long considered Magic a friend and has only the utmost respect and admiration for him - both for who he is and what he has acheived. We are investigating this matter.", Pre-game meetings with the coaches. Join us at 2p for #Pacers v #Hawks on @NBAonTNT - I'll be working on the sideline, #Pacers' Roy Hibbert will start. Frank Vogel considered otherwise, but told me "we won 56 games with him. Now it's time for him to step up", Mike Conley had quite a day: 1) won the NBA's sportsmanship award, 2) was sensational for the Grizz, 3) wore this, I don't really know how to feel about this ad..., Bobcats' Al Jefferson pretty despondent after loss, says the team kept making too many mistakes and "we should know better." As for his foot, he said it was actually feeling great at the game's start, but late in the 1st Q he felt his plantar fascia "rip all the way through." Excruciating pain after that for the rest of the game., Interviewed LeBron James on the court postgame, he shrugged off whether that Josh McRoberts forearm he got to the neck should have been a flagrant: "it's the playoffs." Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra not as understanding. When asked whether he got an explanation from the refs, he said "nothing that seemed rational to me.", Waiting for Al Jefferson in the #Bobcats locker room...one boot, one shoe., NFL (finally) releases the schedule for next season. Which game is your team playing that you're the most psyched for?
, Our @NBAonTNT meetings with the coaches before #Bobcats v #Heat tonight. Game starts 7p ET, Norris Cole goes full-on Heatles after shootaround today
#NBA, Can't decide if A) this is some sort of organized race near my hotel that just doesn't have bibs or anything, B) a lot of people in Miami just really like to jog on this sidewalk, or C) down the block there is a large terrible monster they're all fleeing from and I should join them, Here's what they'll be waving in Indiana tonight, courtesy the folks at the Fieldhouse, behind the scenes...having a laugh before our @NBAonTNT interview - airs on the postgame show tonight 
#Heat
#Bobcats, View from #Miami: the bridge to Virginia Key, Few better places to ogle cars than Miami..., Maybe I've just watched too much 'True Blood' but this doesn't feel like an even exchange, Good luck to everyone at the Boston #Marathon today - you've got a whole country cheering for you. #BostonStrong, The t-shirt giveaway at the arena in Miami today
#Heat #Bobcats #NBA, Layup line - #Heat vs #Bobcats Game 1. I'll have a full report on @NBAonTNT postgame, The #Bobcats getting ready for Game 1 vs the #Heat
#NBA, Happy Easter, everyone - catch ya later on @NBAonTNT, I don't even know what this means. Did my app go off and play in the mud somewhere while I was having dinner?, Well, this is nice..., Love tonight's Unguarded lineup on @CNN: a special crossover w/ the @NBAonTNT crew, inspiration at the Boston Marathon & a convo w/8-time All Star @DwightHoward, Statement from Craig Sager: "My favorite time of year – city to city, round by round, 40 games in 40 nights. A dramatic turn has matched me with acute myeloid leukemia. From the sidelines to being sidelined, 40 veins and 40 electrolytes. Too bad, I had some probing questions for Pop."

This is perfect and funny...just like Craig. Get well soon, my friend. We're all rooting for you., It's an @NBAonTNT crossover on tonight's Unguarded on @CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT. Is Charles Barkley quitting the show? Here's a sneak peek:, Fantastic. The shoes Rajon Rondo wore tonight, w/initials of Marathon Bombing victims, and a #BostonStrong marathon bib "tag" 
#Celtics #Repost, Knicks' Mike Woodson before tonight's game: Says he thinks he should be retained, and that "If they bring me back, I'm going to make damn sure this doesn't happen again.", Love when sports becomes how we all come together. Big-time gesture out of the #WhiteSox, who are hosting the #RedSox tonight.
#BostonStrong
#Repost, So how do we feel about the #Nets uni look tonight?, #Knicks Coach Mike Woodson in our pregame meeting. Looking, well, like you'd expect, I'm working the sidelines for #Knicks vs #Nets on @NBAonTNT tonight - tips off next, come join us, MRI of Carmelo Anthony's right shoulder revealed small tear to his labrum. No surgery., If you saw Game of Thrones last night, this is a great read. If you didn't...well, we may have to have an entirely different conversation..., Thanks for a lovely weekend, Augusta.
#TheMasters
#Repost, Pic from last night: sunset over the pines at Augusta. By sunset tonight, we'll have a new #Masters champ. But who?, Pic from last night: this Reuters photo of Pacquaio-Bradley is crazy, Want to hang out with me & Kevin Costner talking sports movies? Join us on Unguarded tonight, 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @cnn, Great time on set tonight with the @NBAonTNT crew. Hanging with these guys always one of the most fun parts of my current gig #NBA, Talking sports movies with Kevin Costner this week on Unguarded. Great stuff on what he thought the first time he read the Field of Dreams script, his favorite scene in Tin Cup and his new movie Draft Day. Friday at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, They are doing an #Easter egg hunt around NYC – these are the two outside the @CNN offices. Have a favorite?, Well done, #UConn. Well done., Shabazz Napier had something important to do before our post game interview #uconn #huskies #ncaatournament, Pic of "the calm before the storm" from @slamonline. Um, how much were the seats at the top? 
#marchmadness #finalfour #ncaatournament, null, The sun returns.
#Dallas
#FinalFour, Playing Hungry Heart - still one of my faves
#Springsteen, #Springsteen concert at #FinalFour
Bruuuuuuuuuce..., That moment when you freak out because the TV you just turned on might not get HBO (whew) 
#GOT, And a fun sitdown with #Kentucky Coach John Calipari today. Says when his #Wildcats get going "they're all claws and teeth" 
#finalfour #marchmadness #ncaatournament, Sitdown with #UConn Coach Kevin Ollie. Says this must be big if old buddy - and diehard Hoya - Allen Iverson is now rooting for the #Huskies
#finalfour #marchmadness #ncaatournament, The grassy knoll, Dealey Plaza
#Dallas, Aaron Harrison: stud. Here are his money shots from the CBS/Turner cameras.
#kentucky #ncaatournament #marchmadness, I'm never a huge fan of basketball in football stadiums, but this feels even more Roman Coliseum than usual. Reminder: all those tiny dots at the top of the frame are PEOPLE.
#finalfour #marchmadness #ncaatournament, Cool shot of our #FinalFour All-Access show taping - airs next on @CNN at 2:30p ET
#marchmadness 
#ncaatournament, Can't wait for these games! Our #FinalFour special with Grant Hill and Clark Kellogg airs on @CNN at 2:30p ET/11:30a PT 
#marchmadness #ncaatournament, The real Eagles take the stage. Don Henley: slightly better voice than Chuck..still, not as much enthusiasm.
#HouseOfBlues
#FinalFour, Charles Barkley entertaining us w/a "Hotel California" rendition. Trust me, it's better this is a pic & not video
#FinalFour
#marchmadness 
#HouseofBlues, #Badgers Coach Bo Ryan tells a great story about his beloved late father...and MC Hammer (yep). On Unguarded tonight, 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN 
#marchmadness #ncaatournament #wisconsin, View of #Dallas from the top of Reunion Tower, Guess it really is #MarchMadness...
This is a car driving around Dallas, #Kentucky Coach John Calipari talks about his young team on Unguarded tonight: "They're gonna go out in front of 75,000 & probably pee down their leg to start the game"
Airs at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @cnn 
#marchmadness 
#ncaatournament, Some pics from Memphis at last weekend's NCAA Regional..., Some pics from Memphis at last weekend's NCAA Regional..., Some pics from Memphis at last weekend's NCAA Regional...
The King, Some pics from Memphis at last weekend's NCAA Regional..., Some pics from Memphis at last weekend's NCAA Regional..., Some pics from Memphis at last weekend's NCAA Regional...
Brass Note Walk of Fame on Beale St, Slo-mo = awesome.
#Repost from @NBA, Just a nice quiet little spot for a basketball game..., Great chat with #Gators Coach Billy Donovan. Talking here about his Billy the Kid days, No idea how I missed this story but it's genius: Teacher quiets unruly class by threatening Game of Thrones spoilers, In L.A. for just the day today, but the weather couldn't be more perfect, The happiest man left in NCAA Tournament-land...
John Miller, father of Elite Eight coaches Archie (#Dayton) and Sean (#Arizona), #Dayton and #Florida fans still have two hours to go..., The Gator, reveling in his moment 
#GatorMadness, Running into the #Stanford tree on Beale Street: fun. But, um, is it trying to twerk there at the end?, Are you guys watching this #Heat-#Pacers game? Getting interesting..., Top-ranked #Florida wrapping up practice here in Memphis 
#GatorMadness #ncaatournament, #Stanford practices for tomorrow's #SweetSixteen game vs #Dayton, And by request...here's the men's one, Yep, I can tell I'm in #Memphis, Yep, I can tell I'm in #Memphis, #Repost from @cnntravel. Florence, from the top of the Duomo. One of the best cities in the world., Nice to see #Tennessee football Coach Butch Jones making the trip to Raleigh to support the basketball team, Lotta orange in Raleigh today. You can add Virginia to this chart Mercer put out this morning, Nice job outta Justin Tuck with the full-page newspaper message to New York Giants fans today, Saw this walking around Raleigh earlier. Really, people???, Fun interview today w/Mercer's coach & players. Airs on the pre-game show Sunday. If #Mercer wins again, players want to get Coach Hoffman to do THIS, How does our crew look after nearly 12 hours on the air today (and counting)? Like this...., #Virginia huddling up for the second half, trying not to become the first-ever No. 1 seed to fall to a 16, Crazy pic from Reds P Aroldis Chapman after surgery to insert a metal plate in his head. Got hit w/a line drive Wednesday, You don't really need to do any work today, right? Come hang with us on CBS in about a half hour. #Duke vs #Mercer 
#marchmadness #ncaatournament, History is written by the victors...headlines too.

#Dayton #OSU #marchmadness #ncaatournament, Balloon sculptures in the hotel lobby here in Raleigh., Behind the Scenes: #Tennessee stretches before the Vols practice here in Raleigh. 
#marchmadness 
#ncaatournament, How hard are they working? #Virginia strength coach monitoring the heart rate of every player during practice
#marchmadness 
#ncaatournament, Behind the scenes: #Virginia preps for tomorrow's game vs #CoastalCarolina in Raleigh
#ncaatournament
#marchmadness, Pic from @DukeBluePlanet of me with Jabari Parker. Yep, there's a slight height difference...
#duke 
#marchmadness 
#ncaatournament, Reggie Miller giving some shooting advice to #UMass sparkplug Chaz Williams, Behind the scenes: #Duke practicing in Raleigh for tomorrow's #NCAAtournament game vs #Mercer, #tbt One of my favorite #NCAAtournament moments of last year, And so it begins...
Welcome, Phil.
#NBA #Knicks, Just spoke w/Iowa coach Fran McCaffery, who flew here from Iowa City just hours ago after his son had surgery to remove a tumor on his thyroid. McCaffery tells me surgery went well, took under two hours, and 13-yr-old Patrick will be watching the game tonight.
#Iowa #Hawkeyes #firstfour #ncaatournament, My partners-in-crime on tonight's broadcast: Kevin Harlan, Reggie Miller and Len Elmore.
#FirstFour
#marchmadness #ncaatournament, Warmups in Dayton - getting ready to work the #FirstFour tonight.
#NCAATournament #MarchMadness, In Dayton for the #FirstFour - I'll be working on the sidelines tomorrow night but the games start tonight on @truTV., Here's a pic Phil Jackson posted earlier this year of his rings, with the two #Knicks rings in front, A closed Starbucks is a sad Starbucks, Either this guy wandering around my neighborhood is coming from the #StPatricksDay parade...or it's a regular Monday in New York City., Here's what I've learned this offseason: if you're having a parade, you want Rob Ryan to stop by. 
#Saints #NFL, Flatiron Building
#NYC 
#AlwaysAFave, Hmmm...Knicks calling a press conference Tuesday "to make a major announcement." Now what could that be? 
:), Video: My interview with Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim, on loyalty, his upbringing at a funeral home & yep, that outburst at Duke
, Wow. US Airways plane blows tire on takeoff in Philadelphia. Fortunately no one seriously injured. here's the @CNN story: http://t.co/70Y3YtdsyJ, Getting ready for Rockets-Bulls on @NBAonTNT tonight. Looks like Joakim Noah is too.
#NBA #Bulls #Rockets, My LORD, Blake Griffin. Now that's a dunk. Video here:  http://on.nba.com/1lBG7sI, With Peyton Manning about to hit 38 yrs old, Denver Broncos go all in: sign CB Aqib Talib and safety TJ Ward. Of course, this now means Talib and Wes Welker are teammates; can discuss fine wine, pick plays, opinions on Bill Belichick and long walks on the beach..., True #MarchMadness! CBS and Turner crews hanging out as we prep for the #NCAATournament. Games will be on TBS/CBS/TNT/True, Getting ready...
TBS/CBS/TNT/True teaming up for the NCAA tournament again; today's a cross-network prep day.
#MarchMadnessIsComing, If you watch #Scandal, you're gonna want to watch this Lena Dunham/#SNL sketch 
http://t.co/i7AfnQVe2x, Morning at the Met
#NYC, Checking in with the World Champion Boston Red Sox. Johnny Gomes: "Last year, to roll into Spring Training with the worst record in the AL East and set a goal to win the World Series - that's either stupid, or you guys are awesome. And turns out, we're awesome.", Prepping for tonight's show...
10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN
#Unguarded, View from the control room during my interview with @UFlorida Coach Billy Donovan. Airs next week on @CNN 
#Gators #NCAA, Bye, bye Florida. It's been lovely., Chatting with some World Champs
#MLB #RedSox 
Airs Friday night at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, Looking up...
Um, why did I move out of Florida? At this moment, having a hard time remembering..., Reading the signs...
#MLB #RedSox, Sounds of spring
#MLB #RedSox, New sign at #RedSox spring training, Legen-wait for it-dary.
At #RedSox spring training., @RedSox spring training facility waking up, LeBron James finishes with 61 pts against the Bobcats. Breaks his personal record (56 points set in 2005). Also possibly breaks Bobcats, who gave up 62 to Melo earlier this season., Gotta admire the marketing strategy, Pics from tonight's Unguarded on @CNN - airs 10:30p ET/7:30pm PT, Before you leave the house, set those DVRs! Unguarded is back after our Olympic break: 10:30p ET/7:30pPT tonight on @cnn, I know LeBron said he was going to be like Bane w/the mask, but I just hear the Darth Vader theme music when I see this...game on @NBAonTNT right now, Was a pleasure to do the 1st sitdown w/the Nets' Jason Collins since he re-joined the league. Smart, funny & focused., More pics from our #Unguarded visit to Syracuse and interview with Coach Jim Boeheim, Interviewing Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim - always fun, Syracuse basketball practice complex, Of course. No snow at the Winter Olympics, but now that I'm back..., Would love to know what's happening so often here they needed this sign. 
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Bob Suter was part of the 'Miracle on Ice' US hockey team & he brought THIS by today
#Wow #DoYouBelieveInMiracles
#cnnsochi, Ladies figure skating final. Crazy crowd, wild finish.
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Push, push...
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Got thisclose to the bobsleds during testing. Very cool.
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Walking along the sliding track. 
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Heading up to the "sloding" center - looking for bobsleds
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Okay, this is a problem - check out the video posted by USA luger Kate Hansen, appropriately titled "Wolf in my hall?!?"
, Okay, this is a problem - check out what Luger Kate Hansen has posted, On the road again, mountain bound..., My interview with Bode Miller - setting the record straight about NBC, his brother and just how old "old" is., Art display. Horses. Sort of intrigued., Interviewing bronze-medal snowboarder @adeibold, who has one of those great only-at-the-Olympics stories
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Olympic Flame - East view
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, Chatting with ice dancing champs Meryl Davis & Charlie White. Airs on @CNN within the next half hour
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, Riding a scooter inside. For when walking is just too hard., Figure skating venue, refracting the Olympic Flame in the distance.
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, A very candid interview with Bode Miller - airs on @CNN tonight.
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, A very candid interview with Bode Miller, airs on @CNN tonight, USA House - this is the Team USA hangout inside Olympic Park. A very welcome warm spot to be working on a cold and rainy #Sochi night!
#cnnsochi, I don't know why, but this guy freaked me out a little., Fog, rain, snow - got it all in the mountains of #Sochi today...
#cnnsochi, Inside the clouds
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Driving up the mountain...into the clouds...
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, People keep asking me what the food is like here. Well, this is what was on offer for breakfast this morning at the media hotel.
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, So adorable! @GusKenworthy took me to visit his puppies and told us how he's trying to bring them home. Watch here: http://cnn.it/1f6ohhw
#SochiStrays #cnnsochi, Pink bird. Yeah, I don't know either.

#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Sign on the side of an official transport van. I'm not exactly sure what it means, besides that the Slovenians are a loving people, and the van needs to be washed.
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Bode Miller, at 36, now the oldest alpine skier to ever win an Olympic medal. Talking here about his bronze in Super G.
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, Poseidon or Neptune? This is the Olympics, so I guess I'm gonna go Poseidon.
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, Poseidon or Neptune? This is he Olympics, so I guess I'm gonna go Poseidon.
#cnnsochi #sochi2014, You can love your dolphin. Just don't LOVE your dolphin..., Old courtyard in the city of Sochi, down the coast from the Olympic Village 
#cnnsochi, They use lifeguard chairs here for their crowd-control volunteers. Which is fitting for a Winter Olympics that feels like it should have a beach volleyball event.
#cnnsochi, My view of TJ Oshie's gamewinner. Real privilege to be at this game - been watching Olympic hockey since Nagano '98, always love it.
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Had a great time w/ silver-medal skier @GusKenworthy and the #SochiStrays he's rescuing. Story airs in coming days on @CNN 
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Now...Happy Americans, Happy Russians, How do you say "the wave" in Russian?
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Want to see American Olympians? Just hang out at the McDonald's near the ski venues. Apparently it's the food of champions...
#sochi2014 #cnnsochi, Want to see American Olympians? Just hang out in the McDonald's by the ski venues. Apparently it's the food of champions, Canada-Austria hockey game.

#cnnsochi, A man. And his horse. And his gun. 
Russian policeman returns from giving his good buddy a run in the water.
#CNNSochi, #SochiStrays #CNNSochi, #SochiStrays
#cnnsochi, Cool new sundial built for the Olympics - looks really nice, also...doesn't work., View from the water. Just beautiful. Of course, the skiers wish there was a tad more snow on those mountains.
#cnnsochi, Warm weather causing trouble at the venues in #Sochi - but geeze, it's nice for the spectators.
#cnnsochi, The hockey arena at Olympic Park, showing off the score of tonight's Team Canada win over Norway.
#CNNSochi, Russian pretzel-thingies...interesting display method 
#cnnsochi, Richie Incognito had been relatively quiet since being suspended. Um…not anymore. Here's a small sampling of his @68Incognito timeline on twitter., Derek Jeter posts heartfelt letter on Facebook; this season will be his last. 

https://t.co/WmxxXt8olb
, Here's what the gold medals in #Sochi look like. Not bad... #cnnsochi, View from our #CNNSochi live shot location - sunset, stadium, Olympic flame. Not bad., So #Sochi is beautiful outside...inside, well, there's water coming through our ceiling. Any wonder the electricity keeps shorting out?
#cnnsochi, Ah, the Winter Olympics... #cnnsochi #sochi2014, Night night, halfpipe

#cnnsochi #sochi2014, So this is bad, right?, Here's the view staring down the Olympic halfpipe from the top, snapped off the OBS feed. Eek. #cnnsochi #Halfpipe #sochi2014, Jeff Spicoli? Nah - it's gold medalist @SageKotsenburg from our #CNNSochi interview. (Nice #Olympic Flame behind him in the distance too), .@SageKotsenburg on pics comparing him to Jeff Spicoli: "Yeah, I’ve seen the movie. That is sick, I’m so down with that. Good ol' Spicoli.", What does the #cnnsochi team do when the electricity shorts out at our broadcast location? Work in the dark and hope the batteries hold..., Amazing pic from US Bobsledder @JohnnyQuinnUSA - got locked in his bathroom in #Sochi, said he used his "bobsled push technique" to get out!
#sochi2014 #CNNSochi, Inside Shayba Arena (Shayba translates as "puck.") USA up 2-0 on Finland.
#sochi #cnnsochi, No, seriously, it was a LOT of fireworks, Enough fireworks to make the Super Bowl halftime show look like a kid's birthday party
#openingceremonies #sochi #cnnsochi, Floating St Basil's
#openingceremonies #sochi #cnnsochi, Lovely 
#sochi, All the king's horses... #openingceremonies #sochi #cnnsochi, If you think parade if nations is long, just imagine how these folks dressed as cotton balls feel - they have to dance the whole time.
#openingceremonies #sochi #cnnsochi, #OpeningCeremonies
Are you watching??
#Sochi #CNNSochi, Sunset over #Sochi - a few more @CNN liveshots and then heading to the stadium for opening ceremonies, The scene at my hotel last night - mattresses for everyone!
#Sochi, Hmmm...
Maybe not., One flight down, one to go, Leg 1.
#Sochi
#OffAndRunning, Still #snow, snow, snow in NYC. Seriously, how lucky is the #NFL?, My chat with Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson on winning a Super Bowl and the man he wishes was here to see it  http://cnn.it/1dYCzdJ, What did Seattle Seahawks corner Richard Sherman have to say coming off the field THIS time? Take a look at our post-Super Bowl interview, The view outside our @CNN New York studios. Yesterday, guys warming up for the Super Bowl in shorts. Today...this., The @Seahawks 12's are still hanging here at the stadium - and LOUD, Big Congrats to the Seattle Seahawks and all the 12's - fantastic city, fantastic franchise, fantastic fan base. Enjoy it!
#SB48 #FBWatch, Archie and Cooper Manning
#SB48 #FBWatch, After his now-infamous NFC Championship outburst, I asked Richard Sherman what he'd say on the field postgame if the Seahawks won the Super Bowl. Here's the transcript:

RACHEL NICHOLS:
If you win the Super Bowl, and someone sticks a microphone in your face right afterward, in the moment - and by the way, they will - what are you gonna say this time?

RICHARD SHERMAN:
I'm goin' to Disneyland. (LAUGH) And I hope it doesn't offend anybody and they - they don't go after my life like they did last time.

RACHEL NICHOLS:
Seriously - are you gonna be more careful?

RICHARD SHERMAN:
No. No, I'm not - I'm not gonna be more careful. I'm obviously not gonna attack another person. You know, I definitely think that was wrong. But I am who I am. You know, I can't be anybody else. I don't know how to be anybody else. And I wasn't raised to be anybody else. I don't think I'm a bad person, and I never have cruel intentions - off the field. But you can't - you know, you gotta be who you are. That's what has gotten us here, and if it's worked this for long. We'll see if it'll work again.

#SB48 #FBWatch, Not bad, Bruno Mars. Still, best halftime show I've seen in person remains Prince doing Purple Rain...in the rain.
#SB48 #FBWatch, Getting ready for halftime show.
#SB48 #FBWatch, Btw, "Legion of Boom" came after Kam Chancellor talked about the secondary "laying the boom" in an interview, Twitter came up w/the nickname. Not bad.
#SB48 #FBWatch, Peyton Manning during the regular season: 55 TDs, 10 INTs. Super Bowl so far: 0 TDs, 2 INTs
#SB48  #FBWatch, Seattle safety Kam Chancellor - key member of Legion of Boom - now back in the game. Medical staff was working on his back.
#SB48 #FBWatch, Whoa...HUGE pass interference call there. Defender never turned his head around, gonna get called for that every time (well, almost...)
#SB48  #FBWatch, Okay Denver Broncos fans, how's the heart rate doing? 
#SB48  #FBWatch, Time of possession so far: Seattle Seahawks 10:25, Denver Broncos 2:02. Big part of SEA strategy: Keep Peyton off the field.
#SB48  #FBWatch, Hmmm....
#SB48 #FBWatch
, Percy Harvin was a lot of folks' X-factor in this game - yeah, that's why. #SB48 #FBWatch, Here we go...

#SB48 #FBWatch, So it's pretty great being here at the stadium, but Ray Allen's Instagram post from his Super Bowl party is pretty sick...yeah, that's a 35-foot TV near the pool 
#SB48 #FBWatch , Well, this is a bit of a shift from Beyoncé singing the anthem last year...both excellent, though... #SB48 #FBWatch, Just ran into Peanut Tillman on his way out to receive the Walter Payton Man of the Year award on-field. Very, very deserving, great community guy. #SB48  #FBWatch, Right now...stretching. In less than an hour....football. #SB48 #FBWatch, In the hallway at the stadium. I know it's here because of a sponsorship, but I'm never unhappy to see the Peanuts :), Almost game time! Give me a little roll call - who are you guys rooting for? #SB48 #FBWatch, Tick tock
Tick tock, You can still catch the end of our Bleacher Report Super Bowl special on CNN right now! Larry Fitzgerald and I are co-hosting and having a great time :), @Rachel__Nichols: At the desk with @LarryFitzgerald @AmaniAToomer & @JustinTuckNYG91 for a segment on NY sports - show airs 4p ET @CNN, Set your DVR! @LarryFitzgerald & I are co-hosting today's @BleacherReport Super Bowl show on @CNN at 4p ET/1p PT, Set your DVR!! @LarryFitzgerald & I are co-hosting today's @BleacherReport  Super Bowl show on @CNN at 4p ET/1p PT, If you missed @UnguardedCNN, remember we re-air tonight at 1:30am ET/10:30p PT - see you then!, Are you hanging with us on Unguarded on CNN right now? Having fun at our special Super Bowl set!!, In honor of David Stern's last day of a 30-year run as @NBA Commissioner, here's a re-post of our Exit Interview: , Joe Montana, prepping for tonight's Unguarded on @CNN. Loving our All Hall of Famers Show #JohnElwayToo #AlsoEmmittSmith, How cool is our "sky set"?! We're high over Broadway (Super Bowl Boulevard) for tonight's special Unguarded. Airs 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN. John Elway, Joe Montana and Emmitt Smith are our guests #NineSuperBowlRings #Wow, View from our "sky set" on Super Bowl Boulevard - great crowd for Unguarded on CNN. Hello down there!, Look who my co-host is for our @CNN/@BleacherReport Super Bowl Special - airs Saturday 4p ET/1p PT CNN, We're lousy with Super Bowl champions on #Unguarded tonight on @CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p. Three guests, NINE rings between them!, So how did I do against the other  anchors racing down the 60-foot-high Toboggan on Super Bowl Boulevard? Well, I'm the one in black, So how did I do against the other  anchors racing down the 60-foot-high Toboggan on Super Bowl Boulevard? Well, I'm the one in black, At the Toboggan run on Super Bowl Boulevard. It got a little crazy this morning! Video to come..., Um, yep. Especially at this time of day..., Um....Seriously, how hard is it to spell Russell?, On tonight's Charlie Rose Show, Peter King, Adam Schefter and I talk all things NFL. On PBS, at 11p in many places, but check your local listings, Richard Sherman: The Man Behind the Words (and what he'll say on-field postgame if the Seahawks win the Super Bowl) 
, Some great pics from Super Bowl-bound teams. Seahawks getting a huge sendoff in Seattle, and Eric Decker shows off the Broncos WR group's traveling clothes (yes, that's Wes Welker in...peach), Thanks so much to everyone who watched Unguarded tonight! And if you missed it...it re-airs at 1:30am ET/10:30p PT. Seahawks corner Richard Sherman and NBA Commissioner David Stern are our guests., We have a PACKED episode of Unguarded on CNN tomorrow at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT
Richard Sherman: the man behind the words, and David Stern: the Exit Interview, Can NFL players sing? This Super Bowl "welcome to NYC" video has the answer, Fantastic pics on this link from the Associated Press. Here's that crazy Peyton bobble from the start of the game., Mid-60°s and literally not a cloud in the sky here in Denver. If it gets any nicer, people are going to start questioning how Peyton plays in *warm* weather...
(No filter on this pic), Well hello, Championship Sunday, you sly devil. I've been waiting for you. #NFL #NextStopSuperBowl, Wayne Gretzky discusses playing hockey in 80° weather, raising a kid to play pro sports & his best hat/sunglasses disguise, Watch our story on the remarkable comeback of @Broncos Coach John Fox: "I really thought I was dying", Hanging with Boomer Esiason and Jeffrey Toobin on the Unguarded set! Interviews tonight with Wayne Gretzky and Broncos Coach John Fox, who recounts his amazing comeback after missing nearly a third of the season: "I really thought I was dying." 10:30p ET/7:30p PT on @CNN, Amazing shot from @Earth_Pics - view from the top of the Olympic ski jump in Sochi, Russia, The Great One is on Unguarded tonight - thrilled to welcome Wayne Gretzky to the show, on CNN at 10:30p ET/7:30p PT, Big win for the Pacers tonight - thanks to Melo and Paul George for the interviews for our TNT coverage., How insane is this courtside pic from French tennis pro Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at Aussie Open?? 110° temps there, Colts QB Andrew Luck talks ball games, board games & beards. Plus, why he's a different player than in his last trip to Foxboro http://t.co/lIDIooGcMw, Before the Saints-Seahawks game, check this out: the improbable, inspiring journey of Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson, Major League Baseball releases statement saying arbitrator has ruled A-Rod suspended for "the 2014 regular season as well as the entire 2014 Postseason." This is down from original 211-game suspension but A-Rod still vows to fight ruling in federal court. In a statement, Rodriguez repeats that he never took PEDs, says "the deck has been stacked against me from day one" and "no player should have to go through what I'm dealing with.", Arbitrator rules Alex Rodriguez to serve a 162-game suspension. A reduction from MLB decision, but still a full season., Big thanks to everyone who watched Unguarded last night - what a fun show. Will post our interviews with Russell Wilson and Andrew Luck later today, So the Washington Redskins have hired Jay Gruden (offensive coordinator in Cincinnati, brother of Jon Gruden) as their new head coach. Here we go..., NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell speaking in NYC tonight. Calls the idea of expanding the playoff field "compelling." Idea would be 7 teams in each conference make it, only #1 seed would get a bye., Skier Lindsey Vonn out of Olympics, says: "I am devastated...the reality has sunk in that my knee is just too unstable.", The Chicago Bulls trade Luol Deng to the Cleveland Cavaliers for Andrew Bynum, 77-year-old Lou Holtz on ESPN2, on Johnny Manziel heading to their set: "I want to be here when he comes to party, bc I hear Johnny Football knows how to do that", Chargers QB Philip Rivers has quite the bolo tie collection going. Here's Rivers postgame Week 15 & then today. So what does he wear next week???, Kansas City Star sports editor just sent out this pic of tomorrow's front page. Quite a headline., Pacers overcome halftime deficit, beat Pelicans. Just that kind of night in Indy. If there's a lottery in that town, I'd recommend playing it., Reminder: Steve Gleason is at @TeamGleason live-tweeting the game tonight...with his eyes. So cool, check it out:, Latest Green Bay forecast: could dip to -19° (-45° windchill!) Sunday night. Packers have announced free hot chocolate & coffee at stadium, Colts QBs prep for the playoffs by doing the Macarena! Well, okay, this is actually a pic from today's footwork drills. But, hey...put your hands in the air, and wave them like you just don't care..., All right - the last game to flirt with a blackout is now off the board. Tickets sold out in Cincinnati, thanks in part to sponsor P&G buying up extras, Blackout Watch: Packers tickets have sold out. Colts too (with the help of big-box store chain Meijer buying up tix). Cincinnati still has tickets to sell - will likely get another 24-hour extension by the NFL if they don't sell out today., Fox's Jay Glazer reporting that Lovie Smith has been hired as the Bucs' new head coach. Like this hire. Really solid guy, always loved by his players, and I'm betting will come back an even better head coach after his time away., Still many thousands of playoff tix available in Green Bay, Indy & Cincinnati. (Last NFL postseason blackout was Jan 2002, Ravens at Dolphins.) Personally, I feel blackout rule's time has passed. It's like banning grocery stores selling food each night until all nearby restaurants full., And here we go...
Happy New Year, Everyone!
Onward..., Bill O'Brien reaches agreement to become new head coach of Houston Texans., Times Square, ready to go..., Very surprised to read that 11,000 tickets remain for Packers home playoff game vs. 49ers.  Sure, Niners favored, but only by 2 1/2., New York Giants owner John Mara says he's told Tom Coughlin he'll be back next season., Rob Chudzinski: “I was shocked and disappointed to hear the news that I was fired. I am a Cleveland Brown to the core, and always will be.", And then there were six: Jim Schwartz has been fired as coach in Detroit. Texans, Browns, Vikings, Redskins and Bucs have also fired their coaches., The Washington Post is reporting that it's done: Redskins Coach Mike Shanahan and his staff have been fired., The Vikings announce Coach Leslie Frazier has been let go. Also: in DC, Coach Mike Shanahan & owner Dan Snyder are both in the building. Meeting expected soon., Former White Sox Player/Manager (and still Bears fan) Ozzie Guillen was tweeting as the Packers were midway thru their final drive…then after that 48-yd gamewinning TD, Dates & Times for Wildcard Games:
Saturday: KC at IND 4:35pm ET, then NO at PHI/DAL 8pm ET
Sunday: SD at CIN 1pm ET, then SF at GB 4:30pm ET, Black Monday is now Black Sunday Night in the NFL…the Browns have fired (now ex-) Coach Rob Chudzinski., Playoff football, people. Next weekend's games: 49ers at Packers, Saints at PHI/DAL winner. Chargers at Bengals, Chiefs at Colts, Packers win. Bears QB Jay Cutler is 1-8 in his career vs. Green Bay, So I guess that collarbone is just fine, Aaron Rodgers., So what game are you guys most interested in today? I'm pretty stoked for Packers-Bears...Tony Romo being out takes a little wind out of Eagles-Cowboys for me, but I still will be glued to that one too., Cap tip today to one of this era's best, Tony Gonzalez. Falcons tweeted out this pic if him suiting up for the last time., Cavaliers announce they are no longer giving away these Andrew Bynum fatheads tomorrow night. Um, yeah., How long is it until Sunday night again?, At least here's one nice story to come out of Tony Romo injury & the Cowboys QB situation:, ICYMI: Mike Tyson reveals the truth behind his crazy rise, his hard fall & his new life. Plus tips on keeping a pet tiger., Never one for understatement, Niners Coach Jim Harbaugh, who turned 50 today, on the pick-6 that sealed the win over Atlanta: "It's the best birthday present I’ve ever gotten. Second only to being born. That was awesome.", Well, this changes things. Adam Schefter reporting that Cowboys QB Tony Romo has been ruled out the rest of the season due to his back injury., It's LeBron vs Frosty (playing the role of Ben McLemore) in Claymation thanks to @espn https://vine.co/v/hEIr07QOVlP, And there it is. Team's official account., Starting now! The Mike Tyson Unguarded interview on CNN, Mike Tyson interview airs tonight at 10:30p on CNN, both eastern and pacific time. A very revealing look at a very complex guy., Reporter: "Why doesn't Kobe just call it a season?" Lakers Coach Mike D'Antoni: "Uh, I wouldn't want to broach that with Kobe. You could...", Lakers announce Kobe Bryant has a fracture of the lateral tibial plateau in his left knee. He is expected to miss 6 weeks., Tomorrow night on Unguarded, Mike Tyson and I talk about just about everything: The tough beginnings, the meteoric rise, the gigantic fall, the rape conviction, all that money…and, of course, tips on keeping a pet tiger. 
10:30p ET/PT on CNN, If you can't believe what just happened in the Knicks-Bucks game actually just happened, well, here's the video, It's on: LeBron James says he's not close to 100% but WILL play tonight vs Pacers, In case you missed it...Charles Barkley: the Unguarded interview. Chuck talks NBA, his "strain" with MJ, his plan to leave TV two yrs from now & gambling away a million dollars "20-25 times", Packers say Aaron Rodgers still has NOT been cleared by the medical staff but is getting better, Winning MegaMillions tickets sold in Atlanta and San Jose. Two places I don't live. Guess I'm going to work today., Kicker Justin Tucker talks in his MNF post-game interview about how many fantasy points he racked up for people tonight. Excellent., How sure a thing is Jameis Winston to win the Heisman tonight? Gannett voter survey found 45% for Winston. Next closest? AJ McCarron w/15%, Here's Herschel Walker on Unguarded tonight: Walker talks about "a cloud" over Jameis Winston & not remembering getting his own Heisman, Charles Barkley: the Unguarded interview. Chuck talks NBA, his "strain" with MJ, his plan to leave TV two yrs from now & gambling away a million dollars "20-25 times", From the Denver Nuggets: Coach Brian Shaw on Randy Foye's pants: "You name it, I'll tell you what to feed it.", Herschel Walker beat out John Elway, Dan Marino and Eric Dickerson for the Heisman in 1982, but on Unguarded tonight, he tells me "I don't remember that night, or getting the Heisman Trophy"
Watch it at 10:30p ET/PT on CNN, Keeps getting weirder in DC: Redskins Offensive Coordinator Kyle Shanahan disagrees with the head coach - who, by the way, is his dad - deciding to sit RGIII the rest of the season: "It would be good for Robert to get the reps", So, um, anything interesting going on at Redskins Park today? Geeze., Chip Brown from Orangebloods.com is reporting that Mack Brown will step down from the Texas coaching job after a 16-year run., Love the build-up for Heat-Pacers tonight on NBATV. Not many bright spots in Eastern Conference these days, but the battle for home court is gonna get nasty., So that's not good...ESPN stat crew says tonight was the 5th time this season the Cowboys have allowed at least 490 yds. No other team has had 2 such games., If you're a NASCAR fan, you're going to want to see our full Jimmie Johnson interview. If you're not…well, you just might be after watching this. cnn.it/1bSmCKU, Kobe returns tonight, says will try to
"compose myself" but it'll be "hard, for sure" Watch the full cut of our very honest interview here:, So...it's snowing in Philly. NFL just sent out this pic of a, well, frosty Megatron., Kobe Bryant announces he'll return to the NBA Sunday, but first he sat down with me for Unguarded. Airs 10:30p ET/PT on CNN. Here's a sneak-peek clip, Hey it's Champ Kind! The sportscaster from Anchorman comes on Unguarded tonight - 10:30p ET/PT on CNN. And, yep, I stole the hat..., Working sidelines for TNT at the Knicks beat-down of the Nets tonight. A small bright spot for Nets fans: GM Billy King tells me Deron Williams will likely be back for Brooklyn's next home game, Tuesday v Boston, ESPN Tallahassee reporting that Jameis Winston will not be charged with sexual assault., Just sat down with Nets Coach Jason Kidd for tonight's NBA on TNT broadcast. Re: former asst Lawrence Frank, Kidd tells me: "My plan wasn't being executed" so "things had to change." Also shared some insight on the soda incident, says he's learning where the line is for a coach & how it differs from that of a player., Catching up with Kobe Bryant and Gary Payton - Kobe tells me he's getting closer to returning, but that he's not planning to play Friday (Lakers' next game) as has been speculated, Excellent nickname - Tom Brady told Comcast's Tom Curran that he calls Patriots WR Julian Edelman "Mini-tron", Would recommend checking out CNN Heroes - on CNN right now. Had an amazing time at these awards; met so many truly inspirational people., Here is The Play
#IronBowl #Wow, I take it back.
Football = Insanity., Football = awesome, Gobble gobble - have a wonderful Thanksgiving, everyone!, Next time there is a bullying issue in the NFL, someone should call these kids. Love this story - worth a click., The Chicago Bulls announce Derrick Rose is out for the season (again). Had knee surgery this morning., Pretty great signs at Foxboro tonight, In Foxboro for tonight's Broncos-Patriots game, and yep, it's as cold as it looks on TV. Windchill around 8 degrees right now, wind gusts up to 40 MPH. Here's a pregame pic with my buddy Steve Wyche from NFL Network - and that would be a pair of ice-fishing overalls I'm wearing under my jacket. (Acquired in Green Bay for the 2007 NFC Championship game), Bulls' Derrick Rose leaves tonight's game vs Portland with a knee injury - opposite knee from the one that kept him out all last year. He'll have an MRI in Los Angeles tomorrow., Broncos WR Wes Welker has been cleared to play against his old buddies the Patriots on Sunday. In other words...it's on., Charles Barkley on why Jay Z & Beyonce are at the OKC Thunder game: "he's trying to get away from the Knicks and the Nets.", So after her crash during training yesterday, Lindsey Vonn has a partial ACL tear. Same knee she hurt earlier this year. Will rest, then aggressive physical therapy. But the big question remains, will she ski in the Olympics in Feb?, They put the basketball hoop back up first. A pretty amazing story out of the devastation in the Philippines., null, Just a tough day at Soldier Field for the Ravens, and now Chicago Tribune reporting that Baltimore GM Ozzie Newsome was taken from Soldier Field by ambulance. Newsome one of the real good guys - hope he is okay., Insane Georgia-Auburn game. Can the Iron Bowl start right now?, Off to a great start on Unguarded on CNN. Coming up: Kevin Ware, Rick Pitino, John Elway, Amani Toomer, Leigh Steinberg & Jeffrey Wright, Louisville's Rick Pitino gets real tonight on Unguarded about the man he was, and the man he's become: "I was just in my own world, between the lines, and nothing else mattered or existed. And that's a very unhumble way to act."
Tune in to CNN - 10:30p ET/PT, Hey - look what we've got going on tonight on Unguarded at 10:30p on CNN, NBA players will wear short-sleeved uniforms for the Christmas Day games this year. Yep., Here's the full interview that Fox's Jay Glazer did with Richie Incognito. Did you watch? What do you think?, The Tiger Woods interview: On everything from his climb back to No. 1, to Lindsey Vonn, to why his nickname is Urkel, Our Unguarded panel for tonight = so much fun! Dr J, Hill Harper & Diamond Dallas Page. Come hang - CNN 10:30p ET/PT, Hey look, it's Tiger Woods
http://cnn.it/HGeoZA, A very strong statement from Jonathan Martin's lawyer., After traveling more than 5,000 miles from home, it's nice to see a familiar face., null, This really happened: Florida Panthers RW Krys Barch pulled out his own tooth in the penalty box...and offered it up to a fan. Oh boy., Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov on YES Network, says his reaction when asked to approve the KG/Pierce trade was "Hell yes", A look inside our studio - prepping for tonight's show! Unguarded airs 10:30p ET/PT on CNN, Um...that's a lot of empties, David Ortiz takes a moment to reflect amidst Red Sox Clubhouse chaos, Boston about to burst - here's the street outside Fenway, Great being back at Fenway tonight - and take a look at this shot of the concourse! Feels like all of Boston is in the building., Our NBA on TNT crew at a season kickoff event: Shaq comparing similarities between Melo & LeBron. Barkley interrupts: "Well, they're both black.", World Series tied up 1-1, now Game 3 is tied 4-4 in the 8th inning.
Edge. Of. Seat., null, Whoa - check this out. Hello Times Square! And check out Unguarded at 10:30p ET/PT tomorrow on CNN, From MLB: Shane Victorino with bases loaded, postseason career: 4-for-6 with 2 HRs and 16 RBIs. Seriously. SIXTEEN., Oh yeah, Great SBNation pic of Rob Ryan...pretty much says it all for how the Patriots made the Saints feel tonight, Loving the Hubway bikes in Boston. Beautiful day, excellent pre-game ride in between catching some NFL games. Now on to Fenway..., If you're angry and sad about Adrian Peterson's son, do something about it. This guy was allegedly a repeat offender, so write your governor/state legislators about strengthening domestic violence protection. It shouldn't be so hard to get restraining orders, police protection or to keep repeat offenders in jail. Our kids deserve better.   You can start here: http://1.usa.gov/qUuY5, Didn't think it was possible for this story to get worse. The man accused of beating Adrian Peterson's son had previously beaten a 3-year-old, Former Tampa QB Josh Freeman's agent tweets that Freeman has signed with the Vikings., At Fenway prepping to work the dugout for Rays v Red Sox. Rain is in the air, tarp is on the infield & "B Strong" is cut into the grass, Video: Patrick Roy will huff and puff and tear down your house, This is cold: A Houston restaurant is offering a "Matt Schaub" burger. You "pick six" toppings and then "pay dearly for it.", Fun to see this at the Georgia Dome tonight, In case you missed exactly HOW Lane Kiffin was let go from USC...apparently Kiffin pulled off the team bus outside LAX private terminal and fired. The rest of the team was then sent back to campus without him. (This makes me wonder if after that, they let him call a taxi or just forced him to hitch his way off airport property...), So, about that finger...Cardinals safety Rashad Johnson lost the top of his middle finger in Sunday's game. Arizona Republic reporting that Johnson removed his glove, and part of his finger was STILL IN IT, Every once in a while, a nice story is just...really nice. Good job, kid., Kevin Ware suffered one of the most gruesome injuries in NCAA Tournament history - now, he's dunking. Remarkable recovery so far. Great to see., The Washington Nationals have postponed tonight's game. Shootings occurred right near the ballpark., In the "you can't make this stuff up" category: Florida TV station apologizes for airing Jaguars games, Joe Flacco beats Browns, but misses birth of 2nd child. Spoke to Flacco last week about this possibility - he told me he'd certainly miss a practice if the baby came during the week, but he felt as a QB, there were just too many teammates counting on him to miss an actual game. He said he felt his situation was different than that of golfer Hunter Mahan, who didn't affect anyone else when he pulled out of a tournament he was leading to attend his baby's birth this past July.
What do you guys think?, My chat with Eli before he plays Peyton: those old home movies, his parents' rooting strategy - and who "won" their rap video, My sitdown with Serena Williams on winning the US Open, Bill Clinton, changing beauty standards & her "11 months of hell", So, well, it's like this...
#DelayDelayDelay, Check out this new billboard in front of the stadium in Denver - a group wants the NFL to stop penalizing players who smoke pot in states where it's now legal. Says it's safer than them drinking or drinking & driving., Good morning from Denver! The lights are on...let's play some football..., This is HUGE: NFL settles w/players suing over concussions. $675 mil will go to the ex-players. Another $85 mil for treatment/research, If you didn't see Rex Ryan answering questions about his QB situation tonight, well, you should, Wondering if Ryan Braun intends to tape a copy of that statement onto the 2011 NL MVP trophy & mail it to Matt Kemp, Ryan Braun finally comes clean - details using performance-enhancing cream and lozenges during 2011 NL MVP season. 
Braun says: " "I am deeply ashamed...I felt wronged & attacked, but looking back now, I was the one who was wrong"
Click for full statement:, Look what we're up to..., 60 Minutes reporting that it was Alex Rodriguez's inner circle who leaked PED documents on Ryan Braun, other MLBers., Tom Brady goes down at practice; injures knee. Fan caught it all on video below. Adam Schefter now reporting that MRI was negative; Brady will be listed as day-to-day., College football player thinks he's getting Catfished, but nope - that really was a Dallas Cowboys cheerleader trying to meet him, Just finished taping Jim Rome's Showtime show - lots of fun. Catch it Wednesday at 9p eastern, Yay or nay on Russell Westbrook's latest?, From my interview with PGA Champ Jason Dufner - I'll have the link for you later, but yes, he told me he will probably take a picture of himself "Dufnering" with the trophy., So apparently if you're famous, you can cut in line at the DMV in Pennsylvania. Who knew? Well, besides Sidney Crosby, Tiger Woods on his round today (3-over): "It was hard for me. I didn't play very well today. I didn't hit it very good, didn't make anything, kept blocking every putt. So it was a tough day.", With Jason Dufner leading at the PGA Championship, it's time to revisit "Dufnering" - worth clicking/scrolling down for all the pictures. Rory McIlroy really put his heart into it., A sneak peek at the special I'm hosting here at the PGA Championship - catch it Saturday at 10:30am ET on CNN, Peyton, Eli and Archie Manning...rapping. Okay, "rapping" - you just need to watch this. Seriously., Is this finally the week Tiger wins a Major? He told me he thinks he close., Greetings from the PGA Championship - TNT broadcasting this week and it's beautiful here!, Interesting report from ESPN's TJ Quinn that the players union reached out to MLB today looking for a last-minute settlement on behalf of ARod. Quinn reports they were rebuffed by the league office; ARod gets a 214-game suspension, official at 3p Eastern., So where are we in this ARod mess? This article explains next steps., Big thanks to LeBron James for letting our crew tag along on his annual trip to China. Can't wait to sift through all the tape and put together a great story for you guys., On the road...in a land far, far away. Will report back in once I return!, Remember when Aaron Rodgers kept telling anyone who would listen that Ryan Braun was clean? Well, he bet a fan "a year's salary" that Braun didn't do PEDs...and now, um..., Before I got on this flight, I was thinking, 16 hours on a plane is a long time. Now that I'm here, I'm thinking...16 hours on a plane is a long time., Best quote I've heard in the wake of the Ryan Braun suspension came from the Marlins' Logan Morrison: "You know we're clean. We haven't scored a run in 37 innings.", Remember what Ryan Braun said about the guy who collected his drug sample? Great column here on what Braun said and did - even though he knew he was guilty., Jerry Jones lets two fans try on his Super Bowl ring. Related: Russian President Vladimir Putin books flight to Oxnard, CA, Okay, so it's thanks to a computer, but here's the pic the man formerly known as Ron Artest just sent out of him in a Knicks jersey at Madison Square Garden. Yeah, this is gonna be fun., Listening to a report bragging that "the new Twinkies will now have a shelf life of 45 days, doubling the old version." Um, not sure "longevity" is the ultimate goal for food., Dwight Howard: "I'm not going to get up here & say we're going to win 5 championships, I'm not going to do that. But I think if we really dedicate ourselves & sacrifice everything, at the end of the season we should be holding up a trophy.", At Dwight Howard introductory press conference in Houston. Rockets video promises: " "as older teams fail, the Rockets will rise. A new era has begun." Then intro Howard with: "He's not Superman anymore, he's Rocket Man.", Hanging out in Lob City today. Just sat down with Chris Paul for a really interesting interview - he and Blake Griffin have a lot of big plans, And Houston, we have a winner...
USA Today reporting that the Dwight Howard sweepstakes are over; Howard has chosen to sign with the Rockets, Holy unexpected, Celtics. Boston hires Butler's Brad Stevens to replace Doc Rivers as head coach., Really interesting interview on the Michael Kay show with Jeff Van Gundy - opens up about quitting the Knicks coaching job, says "I had a great, great job and I left it voluntarily. I still regret it.” Adds that "the frustrations were real but it was certainly an overreaction." #Knicks #NBA, A Conversation with Kevin Durant: KD talks about what recently shook up his life off the court, plus how Jay Z convinced him to sign with the hip hop mogul's new sports agency, So which New York tabloid did it better?, Catching up with Kevin Durant - great to hear about what he's doing for the victims of the Oklahoma tornadoes. And you know we also talked about his new agent...Jay Z!, Come join us!, Why go to Jared when you can go to Russell (Westbrook)? Great marriage proposal story by @dailythunder, News outlets outside the house of Patriots TE Aaron Hernandez reporting that several police, forensic specialists and a K-9 police dog have gone inside with papers. Good photo below by Kevin Armstrong of Daily News., I'm so ashamed to admit...I clicked on this. But not as ashamed as the two people who made this decision should be., Spurs Gregg Popovich called coaching a Game 7 "torture." When he was then asked why he does it, he said "coaches are sick puppies.", The t-shirt you'll see at the arena in Miami tonight. That's a lotta eyes staring at you., LeBron James sits down before Game 7 to talk to me about heart, being "buried alive" & (of course) his headband, LeBron James after OT Game 6: "That was, by far, the best game I've ever been a part of.", With about 20 seconds left in regulation, a fleet of security guys surrounded to court with yellow ropes for the NBA Trophy presentation. They're gone now. #Overtime, null, Can Dwyane Wade dominate in Game 5 of the NBA Finals the way he did in Game 4? Check out our Conversation on NBATV's pregame show, Nice way for Bulls to back Blackhawks 
(USAToday pic), Spurs Tony Parker: "My hamstring can tear any time now. If it was regular season, I would be resting like ten days. But it's the NBA Finals." Parker was asked if he should have skipped Game 4. He said 2 days rest wouldn't have made a difference. Said: "If it gets a tear, it's life", Mike Miller will replace Udonis Haslem in the Heat's starting lineup for Game 4 vs Spurs, Spurs Tony Parker (hamstring) says he's "ready to go" for Game 4 tonight., Jaromir Jagr is currently playing in the Stanley Cup Finals. He's 41 years old. And he looks like this these days. 
Awesome., Tony Parker injury tonight was to his hamstring, says he'll see how it feels tomorrow to know how bad it is., LeBron postgame: "I gotta be better. I'm putting this on my shoulders...I'm not doing my part.", Spurs Gary Neal making it happen - threeeeeeeee, LeBron on his block on Splitter: "Basically, I told myself, You're going to end up on SportsCenter one way or another." Yup., Doing work before Game 2 - interviewing Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra, Jason Kidd the next Nets coach?, How great is this tweet from the Kings after the end of their series with the Blackhawks?
@LAKings: @penguins you guys wanna grab a drink later?, Dwyane Wade calling Game 2 a "must-win," but Heat still seem pretty loose today. LeBron taking a turn with the media during Wade's press conference., Here's what Metta World Peace (Ron Artest) had to say about the Spurs' win over the Heat in Game 1 of the Finals, With George Karl gone in Denver, the Heat's Erik Spoelstra is now the 3rd-longest-tenured coach in the NBA. As he put it, "that's scary." Here's the list:
1. Gregg Popovich/Spurs (Dec 96)
2. Doc Rivers/Celtics (Apr 04)
3. Erik Spoelstra/Heat  (Apr 08)
4. Rick Carlisle/Mavs (May 08)
5. Scotty Brooks/Thunder (Nov 08), Just-named Coach of the Year George Karl out as Denver Nuggets coach. As first reported by Yahoo Sports, Karl was informed this morning - he was unhappy being in the final year of his contract without an extension, so instead of giving him one, ownership decided to make a change. Do Clippers, Nets, Grizzlies now dial Karl's number?, Forbes ranks highest-paid athletes in the world this year: 1.Tiger ($78 mil), 2.Federer ($71.5 mil), 3. Kobe ($62 mil), 4.LeBron ($60 mil), Can't keep looking over at Justin Bieber at this Heat game without thinking that Keyshawn Johnson's job is not finished., Does home court matter? It does in Game 7...in the NBA, home teams win 79.5% of the time in Game 7's., Went for a ride with drag racer Alexis DeJoria today - 152 mph and a whole lotta fun., Would Barkley or Shaq make it thru Georgetown? Also, Kenny dares Chuck to "name 3 parts of a dog's body", The Pacers haven't lost a game on their home court all playoffs; the Heat haven't lost back-to-back games since the beginning of January (and mind you, it's now late May). Something's gotta give - tipoff on TNT...who ya got?, Wow. Notre Dame has confirmed that starting QB Everett Golson is no longer enrolled at the school. I guess I should say "former starting QB.", Yup, that dunk was as ridiculous as you thought it was., Seriously, Brian Shaw yelling "ball don't lie" after the missed free throw on his tech may be my favorite moment of playoffs. #LongLiveSheed, The boys sent the Knicks fishing last night..., Next time you feel 2.2 seconds isn't much time, watch this..., Pacers Coach Frank Vogel on Roy Hibbert at the end of the game: "I would say we'll probably have him in next time.", Pacers' George Hill passed his concussion tests; he'll start for Indiana in tonight's Game 6 vs the Knicks, Pacers' George Hill will miss Game 5 vs Knicks with a concussion. He hit his head early in Game 4. Seemed fine afterward, but started having headaches yesterday & failed concussion test this afternoon. He's day-to-day from here on out., So, the Pacers' Roy Hibbert is 7-foot-2. I am...not., Happy Mother's Day!, Sometimes the NBA postgame is better than the game - look at what Roy Hibbert brought to the podium after Knicks-Pacers. Yep, that's a MONOCLE., Knicks' Iman Shumpert shows off his shoe game after the New York win, Interviewed Derrick Rose today as his teammates prepare to play Game 7 - he said it's tough not to be out there. Rose injured his knee more than a year ago, has been medically cleared to return but says he doesn't feel comfortable yet. I asked him whether teammates playing thru injuries made him consider coming back before he feels 100%. He said: "You want that, but you have to look at the big picture, if I’m not healthy, there’s no way I’m not stepping on the court.” Rose did not rule out returning during playoffs, but didn’t make it sound likely. I asked him what he needs to happen to feel comfortable playing again; he said “Just me reacting, stop thinking and just going out there and just play. When I start reacting, that’s when I'll be on the court.", Not sure what's cooler - that they've named a playground after Beastie Boy MCA...or the photo of the kid in the hat, Beastie style, Update on Team Infirmary, er, the Chicago Bulls: flu boys Nate Robinson, Taj Gibson, Joakim Noah all on the mend. Luol Deng still sick, may not travel (plane leaves in a couple hours). Kirk Hinrich (calf) feeling a little better, gametime decision, Looking at pics from this week's midwest snowstorm. This one is from Minnesota. Wondering if part of the United States is now North of The Wall...
#WinterIsHere? #GOT, Chcago Bulls' Kirk Hinrich will miss tonight's playoff game vs Nets w/ a calf injury. Here's the boot he's wearing to keep weight off the leg - says he can barely even walk without it., OKC Thunder announce Russell Westbrook had successful surgery in Vail, CO, today - but that he's definitely out for rest of the playoffs, What a tough break for Russell Westbrook, OKC Thunder - needs surgery to repair torn meniscus in knee; no timetable set for his return. Westbrook had played in 439 straight games for OKC (incl playoffs) - was longest active streak in NBA. That leaves AC Green as still the NBA's ironman, played 1,192 straight games. Green also said he began/ended his NBA career as a virgin...which is another streak entirely, Video of Neil Diamond singing Sweet Caroline at Fenway today. Love that he asked the Red Sox to come and sing, not the other way around., Three years ago, an NBA player disappeared. To this day, no one knows why., Associated Press reporting that a law enforcement official says an arrest imminent in Boston Marathon bombing, suspect to be brought to court., The Yankees sent out this photo today, saying "We stand united with the Red Sox.", NBA announces tomorrow's Pacers-Celtics game scheduled for TD Garden has been canceled. The game will not be rescheduled., President Obama: "On days like this, there are no Republicans or Democrats. We are Americans, concerned for our fellow citizens...We still do not know who did this, or why...But make no mistake. We will get to the bottom of this. We will find out who did this. We will find out why they did this...Any responsible people or groups will feel the full weight of justice.", Wow - what a Masters. So what *was* Adam Scott thinking as he headed out to a playoff, after he'd thought he'd already won? Check out the conversation we had just after he won last night., Playoff system at the Masters: Sudden-death on 18. If still tied, they go to No. 10. Then back to No. 18 if need be. And so on.
#HereWeGo, Want to know how Kobe is doing? Here's a picture of his MRI. Surgery to repair his fully ruptured Achilles at 1pm Pacific time. Lakers saying 6-9 month recovery., Here's what Tiger Woods just tweeted about the rules violation:
RT @TigerWoods At hole #15, I took a drop that I thought was correct and in accordance with the rules. I was unaware at that time I had violated any rules. I didn’t know I had taken an incorrect drop prior to signing my scorecard. Subsequently, I met with the Masters Committee Saturday morning and was advised they had reviewed the incident prior to the completion of my round. Their initial determination was that there was no violation, but  they had additional concerns based on my post-round interview. After discussing the situation with them this morning, I was assessed a two-shot penalty. I understand and accept the penalty and respect the Committees’ decision., Pretty remarkable Facebook post from Kobe Bryant on his torn Achilles, Review expected here at Augusta this morning - did Tiger take an illegal drop on 15?, Kobe tears his Achilles tonight. Brutal injury; long recovery. But after reporters ask whether we'd seen the last of him, he is the Kobe we know, saying: "Are you kidding?!", Kobe puts up 47 pts in 48 minutes. Oh, and 8 reb, 5 ast, 4 blk, 3 stl. Oh, and Lakers W keeps them in postseason hunt. Seriously sick., Cleveland Manager Terry Francona gets lost on two block walk from his apartment to the ballpark...and laughs about it. Great guy. Bad sense of direction., Chris Webber on why he decided to come to the Michigan-Louisville game tonight, after all., Almost time..., The only thing left in the Syracuse locker room here at the Final Four., Louisville is in the Final, and Kevin Ware is a happy man., At the start of this week, it seemed like no one could stop talking about Kevin Ware's grisly injury - now, no one can stop talking about the admirable way he's handled it. Ware and his mother, Lisa, sat down with me for an interview., It's Opening Day...and the Yankees are without their Captain. Derek Jeter sits down for an interview and opens up about his ankle, his future and MLB honoring the victims of Sandy Hook., Hot soup on a cold day = good, Really? This is a soccer game? Come on..., The Bears part ways with Brian Urlacher; Ed Reed agrees to a deal with the Texans. Down is up and up is down., At the Palace of Auburn Hills, meeting with coaches (like Tom Izzo, here) and prepping for tomorrow's NCAA Tournament games. So much fun to be part of the broadcast this year! Working with Verne Lundquist and Bill Raftery., Caught up with LeBron James as the Heat prepared for tonight's huge game against the Celtics. We talked the Streak, Paul Pierce and his "little" dig at Pat Riley, who averaged 6.8 ppg during the '72 Lakers 33-game win streak (compared to 26.4 ppg for LeBron during the Heat's 22 W's in a row), There's just no excuse for this., What a great time today co-hosting our Super Bowl show with Ernie Johnson. And big thanks to the folks in New Orleans who came out to join us!, Guess it's time to change my Facebook profile!, Still waiting for signs of life here at Foxboro...but have an eye on the NFC Championship game. Who did you guys take in this one?, Here's our crew testing the lines before our live shots this morning at Snow Central (a.k.a. Foxboro, MA). Wish it was going to snow like this Sunday. Love weather-affected playoff games!, Love this picture that Ravens PR man Chad Steele took about 90 minutes after today's win over the Broncos. After finishing up his own postgame responsibilities, Peyton Manning and his family had waited for Ray Lewis to finish his, so Manning could congratulate Lewis on the win and on his career.
Class., They're putting up exta cameras in Baltimore for Ray Lewis's last run - and dance - through the tunnel., Hockey, anyone? NHL & Players reach tentative agreement. 10-year deal. Let's get it signed and go, boys, Rex Ryan's tattoo of his wife wearing a Mark Sanchez jersey, courtesy the NY Daily News. Thoughts?, Ray Lewis talks about how he became one of the most competitive athletes to ever play in the NFL, If you like a good comeback story, I can't think of much better this year than Chuck Pagano's - here's my Conversation with him on his Leukemia diagnosis, his journey back...and the fake name he used at the hospital in Indianapolis., Well, guess its a good thing I am headed back to Indianapolis., Am amazed by the strength of everyone out there fighting cancer. I sat down with Colts Coach Chuck Pagano yesterday to hear his story as he comes back from leukemia this Sunday - we'll air the full conversation on ESPN Sunday, but here's an excerpt:, Happy Christmas everyone!

http://bit.ly/W0rFLR, So The Weather Channel has started naming winter storms....which might be easier to accept if they hadn't picked this list of names., Tom Coughlin paying thoughtful tribute to the victims in nearby Newtown, Ct. - our interview from yesterday, Sunday Conversation with LeBron James is up online. LeBron talks about how the thought of Kevin Durant drives him, and all that Lakers 'panic' he keeps hearing about., Here's a photo from the Giants of the decal players will wear on their helmets tomorrow to honor the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary, null, Saints Coach Joe Vitt after losing to the Giants, 52-27: "That was an embarrassment today...When you’re losing the way we’re losing, you’re a fragile football team.", My morning...my afternoon...Clearly I have made a huge tactical error., null, Updated story out of KC - This is just hard to read. Completely senseless deaths. And a three-month-old orphan., Pregame Drew Brees said to his team: "It's our division. They know it, we know it." Post-game Tony Gonzalez told me: "They didn't know it tonight", Been at many rivalry games while covering the NFL. Today might be the first that involved produce., San Francisco 49ers Coach Jim Harbaugh says he'll start Colin Kaepernick again this week: "We believe Colin has the hot hand, and we’re going with Colin.”, New York Giants Coach Tom Coughlin and the player who changed his life, This was fun to watch. Well, unless you are a Chargers fan.
Ray Rice converts a 4th-and-29, Back page of the New York Post this morning, San Francisco Coach Jim Harbaugh on if Colin Kaepernick is his QB next week: "We'll see...I usually go with the hot hand.", Drew and Brittany Brees giving $1 million to Sandy relief, $2 million to the city of New Orleans through their foundation. Fans ask me about Drew quite a bit, and I always simply say "he's good people." Brittany is amazing too. This is just one example., Not the way these two usually meet at midfield here in Pittsburgh..., Have to also give a day-after shout out to Georges St. Pierre. Awesome return from injury; huge win!

Did an E:60 story with GSP this past summer - so much fun. Took me back to his hometown to meet his family, also showed me the school where he was bullied as a kid. Safe to say no one is trying to bully him now., At Ravens-Steelers today. Love this matchup. Both sides say it should still be intense even with Ben Roethlisberger out. Still, Terrell Suggs tells me if Ravens win, won't be quite as sweet...like the teams that beat the Bulls without Jordan in the 90s., Snackopocalypse!, Best thoughts to Coach - hope he has a speedy recovery., At the Broncos-Panthers game today. Lots of storylines, including the return of Coach John Fox. Nice moment pre-game when WR Steve Smith didn't let his old coach get more than 3 steps out of the tunnel before running up to hug him., The state of Indiana has been called for Chuck: Video of Colts players shaving their heads in support of Coach Pagano., Power still out in a lot of areas around the stadium; gas lines still long in a lot of places. Spoke to a fan in the parking lot and he said his roof was poked full of holes by trees, but he still came here today, noting "I wanted to do something fun on such a bad week," and besides, "it’s warmer at the game.”, Salute to storm victims and the military at the Meadowlands before Steelers-Giants game, Behind curtain No. 1? The Miami Heat's championship trophy and rings. Nice ceremony, but I'm ready for the 2012-2013 to start. Let's go..., Reading the quotes out of Philly from Michael Vick. This was at his press conference: "Obviously [Andy Reid] is thinking about making a change. I go and watch the film and evaluate myself. I'm giving us every opportunity to win; I'm trying my hardest. Some things go right, some things don't. If that's the decision coach wants to make, then I support it."

Afterward, Vick also told CSN's Reuben Frank that "I'm going to fight until he says, 'Come on out,' and he takes me out of the game...I would love to stay in there and finish what I started. It would mean the world to me. But, hey, that’s not my decision right now.”, Our new SportsCenter conversation with the Bulls Derrick Rose - Rose talks about the violence in Chicago, what he can do to help, and his new baby son - his first child - born earlier this month., This is pretty big. If there's ever an NHL season again, I mean., In some communities, how much money kids' parents make is starting to determine whether they even get the chance to play high school sports. When the Steelers' Lamarr Woodley heard that was happening in his hometown, he decided to do something about it., If you're a Steelers fan - or a fan of opportunity - tell your friends to check out LaMarr Woodley on ESPN around 11:15a Eastern. Inspiring., Aw, c'mon. No fun! (And what's wrong with encouraging a few handshakes between opponents?), Guess giving up a 10-pt lead Sunday was the final straw...The Eagles fire Defensive Coordinator Juan Castillo. "We’re six games into the season & average isn’t good enough," Andy Reid said. "I know the potential of our team and insist on maximizing it.”, A receiver, a coach, and the reasons men play football for each other..., Talking Reggie Wayne, Colts and Chuck Pagano with QB Andrew Luck for a SportsCenter Conversation that airs this weekend., Strangest thing I've seen at an airport this week. Really, people, we need this?, If you haven't seen my Conversation with Derrick Rose on SportsCenter today, it airs again soon. Rose talks about when he plans to come back from his knee injury., Were you guys watching that Soundtrax segment at MNF halftime? "Little Bitty Eagle Meatballs" may be one of the best phrases in "mic'd up" history., Colts owner Jim Irsay is on his way to the hospital right now to deliver game ball to Coach Chuck Pagano., Packers players came out during warm-ups today with their own show of support for Colts Coach Chuck Pagano - here's wideout Randall Cobb in his t-shirt. Idea came from Packers coaching staff., Great tributes to Colts Coach Chuck Pagano all over the stadium here in Indianapolis. Pagano is watching today's game from his hospital room about 2 miles from here as he battles Leukemia., FLOPPING NO MORE? The NBA institutes no-flopping penalties. First offense: warning. Second: $5K fine, Third: $10K, Fourth: $15K, Fifth: $30K. Interesting...but will it work? And who will be NBA's most-fined by the end of the season?, Johnny Unitas' son has written a letter to Drew Brees. Worth a read - class on all sides., From my stop in Chicago yesterday - this was hanging at the Bulls practice facility. 

Hair Jordan!!!, Terrible news - Colts Chuck Pagano in hospital with "treatable" form of Leukemia. Arians will take over team., Gotta give it up for the dedication in Green Bay. Stopped in a grocery store and saw these., Nice sky on my flight to Green Bay, Big thanks to LaMarr Woodley and his whole family - great day shooting in his hometown of Saginaw, Michigan!, Are you an NFL fan? Roger Goodell has written you a letter, Greetings from Miami...always a nice way to start the day, My NYC subway car today. Never know what you're going to find in this city..., Commissioner Roger Goodell talking on a conference call about deal to bring back regular referees, says NFL is "sorry to have to put our fans through that."

Thoughts?, The NFL Referee lockout finally being over is pretty much what the Facebook "like" button was designed for., This is awesome. Packers lineman TJ Lang now has the most re-tweeted tweet in the history of twitter. Seriously., Here's the NFL's statement on why it is supporting the referees' decision at the end of the Green Bay-Seattle game last night. Statement says "the result of the game is final.", If there was ever an official photo of this whole replacement ref debacle, this is it, What a tribute tonight from Ravens wideout Torrey Smith to his little brother Tevin, who passed away in a motorcycle crash less than 24 hours ago: 6 catches for 127 yards and 2 touchdowns. 

Here is Torrey's tweet from this morning:
@TorreySmithWR
I can't believe my little brother is gone...be thankful for your loved ones and tell them you love them...this is the hardest thing ever, null, My pics of Eli Manning warming up before the Giants/Panthers game. Guess whatever he did worked - 20-0 at halftime. You guys watching the game?, Had a great time with Victor Cruz and his whole family reporting our E60 piece tonight. If you missed it, here's the inside scoop from Esquire., 40-50 MPH gusts at the Giants complex today...crazy weather!, The unlikely story of how a high school cross country runner the NY Giants never met inspired them to "Finish"  (this version a little different than what aired on TV because of NFL video restrictions.), After a couple years of watching the Packers secondary manhandle his undersized receivers, Bears QB Jay Cutler this week wished the Packers "Good Luck" with 6-5 Brandon Marshall and 6-3 Alshon Jeffrey. 

After last night's game? Well, when I interviewed Packers CB Charles Woodson, he had some thoughts on the subject: "It's the same old Jay. We don't need luck, we just need to be in position. Jay will throw us the ball. The proof is in the pudding. You saw the way the game went tonight. He'll throw the ball to the defense."

Video below, Interviewed Packers CB Charles Woodson on the field right after the game - here's what he had to say about Bears QB Jay Cutler (4 INTs, 7 sacks): "It's the same old Jay. We don't need luck, we just need to be in position. Jay will throw us the ball. The proof is in the pudding. You saw the way the game went tonight. He'll throw the ball to the defense.", Take a look at the extra inspiration Dallas Cowboys TE Jason Witten got before playing the Giants less than a month after rupturing his spleen. This is part of the Navy SEAL oath...the Cowboys met some SEALs at the end of August, and Witten adopted this section of the oath and taped it to his locker at the Meadowlands last night., Reporting from Giants complex on SportsCenter all day - trophy collection getting serious around here., Here's part of our SportsCenter conversation with Eli Manning - you can see the whole thing running on SportsCenter tonight. Can't believe the NFL season opener is just a few days away - I am SO ready!, Take a look at this pic from a doorway of a Miami restaurant that's owned by Jonathan Vilma and a couple other NFL players

https://mobile.twitter.com/#!/ALLIN1PRO/status/238243188538736641?photo=1, Sorry sports peoples, I know this is off-topic, but it's sad to hear: Associated Press report - BREAKING: Authorities say 'Top Gun' director Tony Scott dies after jumping off Los Angeles County bridge, null, Giants, Bears, Packers...to be continued..., My first reaction when I read this: Wow, you can't make this stuff up. My second reaction: hmm, I get pretty tired at airports sometimes. (The picture that goes with this article is pretty nuts), Dwight Howard will be a Laker. Multiple sources confirm to ESPN the deal is done., Eagles announce that X-rays on Michael Vick's thumb are negative. All of Philadelphia exhales., So who's watching NFL preseason tonight? 

I'm in Buffalo for Skins-Bills and it's been a bit rough with the replacement officials. Called a catch out of bounds, missed an obvious pass interference and called a touchback for a punt downed at the 4 yd line. Not any better at Ravens-Falcons game...official there announced that after a challenge, "Arizona" would not be charged with a timeout. Which I'm sure the Cardinals were relieved to discover..., My parade of rental car shenanigans takes a break...Finally two modes of transportation I can't mess up., Giants, Bears, Packers...to be continued..., My rental car the other day...yep, smooth. Fortunately, I managed to find a gas station in time. Barely., Giants, Bears, Packers...to be continued..., Ack...not what you want to hear before getting on a commuter plane, as I will be later today., Really?? First bird flu, then swine flu, and now I have to worry about SEAL FLU??, Seriously? Bird flu, swine flu...now I have to worry about SEAL FLU?, NCAA announcing Penn State decision shortly. If you're not near a TV, you can watch online here, Linsanity lands in Houston - Jeremy Lin sits down for a Conversation, So is this really, truly the end of the Dwightmare? RealGM reporting Dwight Howard reverses previous position, says he would not only play for the Lakers but would re-sign with LA when his contract expires at the end of the 2012-13 season. Now...the Lakers and Magic have to strike a deal., Really?
Really???, One last time, with feeling...Lin headlines from the NY papers, Spend a lot of time wondering what Bryce Harper would look like as a garden gnome? (who doesn't?) Well..., Not near a TV? You can watch the news conference on the findings of the Freeh Report/Penn State Scandal at 10am online here:, Report says Penn State officials, incl Joe Paterno, "failed to protect against a child sexual predator harming children for over a decade." 

Here's a link to the entire Freeh Report:, It's official: Ray Allen is back wearing No. 34 and now playing for the Miami Heat. Had a few good jokes today ("You mean I'm not starting? I wish they told me that last week.") and also shared his thoughts on the Celtics fans who are calling him a traitor ("It doesn't bother me, I know who I am")., Loved having Victor Cruz show me and our E60 crew around Paterson, NJ - his story is pretty incredible, and we'll air it this fall. You won't believe how many times Victor's shot at becoming an NFL player seemed to disappear, and how he made it happen anyway., Stories like this make me think the Mayans may be right and the world really could be ending...

(Excerpt: "Outside the convention center, young men danced and sang along with songs from the My Little Pony cartoon"), null, Really hard to describe this. You just have to watch it:, So has winning a title sunk in for LeBron James? Check out our Sunday Conversation 

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=espn:8090567, The New York Post...never ones to hold back, Check out Good Morning America this morning for my interview with LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh (he sat down after this picture was taken) - we recorded it about an hour after the trophy was presented in Miami...lots of fun!, Dwyane Wade takes the glasses trend a step further..., After Game 4, Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra confirms that LeBron was struggling with his legs cramping up - "We talked about it before the game, that you had to play with the intensity that you had nothing left, and he was playing at an incredible pace. It was warm in the building, and he had cramps."

Spoelstra added "That 3 pointer was just sheer will...but it got to the point where it was 5-on-4, so we had to take him out.", The Heat going with towels tonight. Not quite the Terrible Towel, but..., Game 4 doesn't tip off until 9pm Eastern, so all the Heat and Thunder can do right now is talk...here's the latest on Serge Ibaka and LeBron James., Decision has come down in Roger Clemens perjury trail - Clemens found not guilty of all six charges., Settle in and read this on Father's Day. It will make you smile. And cry. And all that stuff., In last year's NBA Finals, Heat were up 15 pts in the 4th Q of Game 2. Mavs storm back, hit winner with 3.6 left, win series. During this year's Game 2, Heat were up 17 pts; Thunder rally to within 2...Heat hold on to win. Indicative of a change? Or just one game?, About 3 and a half hours before Game 2 of the NBA Finals, the Heat's Dwyane Wade was on the court, working on his shot. Talked to Wade when he was done - he said it's good to see the ball go in the basket from certain points on the floor, so that as soon as he gets on the floor tonight, he already feels "in rhythm." Says he will be more aggressive in Game 2 than he was the other night., How did LeBron psych himself up for this game?

From our ESPN camera crew, here's LeBron in the locker room before Game 7, a little Eminem's "The Way I Am", Jeff Van Gundy, rocking the look..., Chris Bosh will come off the bench again tonight for the Heat. Coach Erik Spoelstra said no limit on Bosh's minutes, though, and that he'll play more than he did in Game 5., And here is the video of the only person in New England who doesn't know the names of Boston's sports stars...you know, the MAYOR, How do you keep getting elected in a sports town like Boston if you continue to do THIS?, Amare Stoudemire courtside here in Miami. Wearing...well, I couldn't really say. 

Pic courtesy of the NBA., Chris Bosh will be active for the Heat tonight but won't start - Coach Erik Spoelstra says he'll use Bosh in "short bursts." Celtics Coach Doc Rivers anticipates Bosh's first "burst" will be when he takes Kevin Garnett out of the game mid-1st quarter., First the zombie guy in Miami, now this., Is Chris Bosh going to play in Game 5? Sounding like it
, Doc Rivers tonight on Dwyane Wade's shot at the overtime buzzer: "Red wasn’t going to let that one go in, not in Boston Garden.", Some headlines just write themselves..., One quarter left in Game 6. Heat have a 10 point lead. Do they close it out, or do Pacers extend the series to a Game 7?, Pacers Coach Frank Vogel on his team's mindset: "That we’re going to win Game 5. That we feel we’re the better basketball team.", Some defiant words from Kobe Bryant last night after what looked like a passing-of-the-torch series vs OKC: “I’m not fading into the shadows, if that is what you’re asking. I’m not going anywhere. We’re not going anywhere. This is not one of those things where the Bulls beat the Pistons and the Pistons disappeared forever. I’m not going for that (expletive).”

So he clearly thinks he'll be in another NBA Finals; fans seem split on whether they agree., There have been more than 3,000 playoff games in NBA history, but according to Elias, what LeBron James did last night (40 pts, 18 reb and 9 asst in a postseason game) has only been done once before, ever, by Elgin Baylor 51 years ago. 

If you don't like LeBron for other reasons, you don't like him, and that's fine. But that performance, against a No. 3 seed that is no joke, was spectacular., This is what LeBron James said this morning when I asked him about Chris Bosh being out: "Chris is probably the biggest part of our team. I know a lot of people don't see it that way, but he does so many things for our team, offensively and defensively."

And now...First playoff game without Chris...Pacers win, 78-75, So the Heat's Chris Bosh is out indefinitely with an abdominal strain - could miss the rest of the series against the Pacers...or more. Any guesses on how this affects the Miami-Indiana series?, Happy Mother's Day! And call your mom, if you haven't already :)

Loved this column - if you played sports as a kid, it's worth a read

, Any Eagles fans out there? Had a great interview with DeSean Jackson for E60 - story will air this fall. There's a lot about this wide receiver you might not know..., Sad - "Where the Wild Things Are" author Maurice Sendak dies at 83. Lovely line from this New York Times story: "Roundly praised, intermittently censored and occasionally eaten, Mr. Sendak’s books were essential ingredients of childhood." True.
, Here's a sneak peek from the Giants of Eli Manning on Saturday Night Live. Best part of the clip is the final five seconds, after the "watch SNL" screen, This is pretty great - Mets honoring MCA by making all their walk-up music tonight Beastie Boys songs. MLB.com is keeping a running list of which player chose which song here:
, Amare Stoudemire took a picture of his hand. He also said he is "still doubtful" for Game 4. Um...yeah., Mariano Rivera tears ACL; could be done for the season, possibly his career. Class guy, tremendous at what he did on the field. What a shame.
, Terrell Suggs tears his Achilles - likely out for all of next season. Huge, huge hit to the Ravens. Even Steelers players feel bad for him - this morning LaMarrWoodley tweeted "Yall kno i strongly dislike the ravens but i hate hearing about an injury like the suggs 1 Wishing him a fast recovery"

, TRIPLE OT!!
Yeah, the hockey playoffs...not so bad this year., Just heartbreaking watching Junior Seau's mother on SportsCenter right now: "I pray to God, take me, leave my son. But it's too late."

Police spokesman says incident being investigated as a suicide.


http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/7882750/former-nfl-linebacker-great-junior-seau-dies-43, Statement from the Chargers on Junior Seau: "Everyone at the Chargers is in complete shock and disbelief right now. We ask everyone to stop what they're doing and send their prayers to Junior and his family.", At Knicks facility today - Amare Stoudemire says there's "a great chance" he could play Game 4. Team still listing him a doubtful, for now., Knicks make it official - Amare Stoudemire out for Game 3 vs Heat, doubtful for Game 4. A surgeon repaired a small muscle in his hand at a hospital in New York today., Great piece by the Wall Street Journal on what *really* happened in Miami last night. 

, And for Knicks fans: Iman Shumpert at hospital for tests on his left knee - crumpled to court during Game 1 against Heat. No results announced as of this posting, but team spokesman says it "doesn't look good" and teammates already talking about playing without him. 

So, two tough injuries in one day for NBA fans. Never good when the quality of competition goes down., Terrible news for the Bulls - Derrick Rose out for the rest of the playoffs. One of the most well-liked players around the NBA; teammates wondering if wear-and-tear of so many back-to-back-to-back games in lockout-shortened season partly to blame.

Will Chicago make it out of the first round against Philadelphia now?

, Taking a break from the draft this afternoon to do some basketball playoff preview stuff. Who remembers Heat-Knicks in the late 90s?, Wow, first round is trade-crazy. Vikings probably pulled off the best deal so far - got the exact same guy they would have picked at No 3, plus some of Brown picks. But lots of other teams doing well so far too., First trade of Draft Night - Browns at No. 4 go up and swap with Minnesota to No. 3...as our Adam Schefter just reported, they've wanted Trent Richardson, and now they have a clear shot at him after Indy and DC pick their QBs. They were worried Tampa or someone else would swap with Minnesota instead., Hours dragging until the draft? Watch our E60 piece with Robert Griffin III - there's a lot here you may not know 

http://es.pn/KbjxlD, Who's watching Caps-Bruins?!?!?!
OT, Game 7...nothing better, Had a fun shoot with Robert Griffin III and our E60 crew as draft week starts to get crazy! Catch the interview tonight at 7p EDT - Griffin is smart and funny on a wide range of topics: the Redskins, the draft process, how race plays into playing QB these days, how he was affected by his military parents and the surprising thing he did the night he won the Heisman Trophy., In the "tell us how you really feel" category...

New Jersey governor says "good riddance" as the Nets play their final home game tonight before moving to Brooklyn. Gov Christie: "My message is 'goodbye.' You don't want to stay here, we don't want you."

http://content.usatoday.com/communities/gameon/post/2012/04/chris-christie-new-jersey-nets-good-riddance/1#.T5X2shB5mK0, More trouble for the Saints - allegations that GM Mickey Loomis eavesdropped on opposing coaches from 2002-2004. US Attorney in New Orleans aware of allegations and has briefed the FBI. Loomis denies the story as "1000 percent false." 

What do you guys think?

http://espn.go.com/espn/otl/story/_/id/7846290/new-orleans-saints-mickey-loomis-eavesdrop-opposing-coaches-home-games, This is crazy - sleet, snow (10-16 inches in some places) and 45+ mph winds predicted to hit the Northeast on Sunday and Monday

http://www.examiner.com/article/nor-easter-to-impact-the-northeast-with-heavy-rain-snow-and-high-winds-sun-mon, Falcons turn down Hard Knocks 

http://es.pn/IHFvOf, Derrick Rose officially out tonight. 26th game he's missed this season. Rose missed 6 games in his first 3 seasons combined., 82 degrees, blue skies, and getting ready for a great night of basketball - Bulls/Heat tips at 8pm! Derrick Rose trying to get back on the court tonight but it will be tough - he's got fluid pooling around the tendons of his right ankle. Still, only 4 games to go for the Bulls in the regular season, so Rose very, very eager to get back and re-establish his rhythm with his teammates., Pat Summitt steps down - named head coach at 22 years old: 8 national titles, 18 Final Four appearances, 1,098 wins, countless lives touched and bettered

http://espn.go.com/new-york/story/_/id/7828864/pat-summitt-steps-aside-coach-lady-vols, The NFL 2012 schedule is out! See the week-by-week here...What games are you looking forward to the most? 
http://bit.ly/HO81kX, At Heat-Bulls tonight - No. 1 seed in the East very much in play. Derrick Rose still officially a "gametime decision," but unless his ankle flares up this afternoon, he'll play. Participated in practice yesterday; swelling in ankle gone. Or as Dwyane Wade put this morning, "he's playing; he's fine.", If you missed the press conference in which Arkansas Athletic Director Jeff Long pretty much just eviscerates Bobby Petrino while announcing his firing, here's the link., Finally! 
'Simpsons' creator reveals Springfield, Ore., as inspiration for cartoon family's hometown.
, You can hear Gregg Williams Bounty speech here: 

theusof.com

Warning: language is graphic., If you haven't seen the video of Stan Van Gundy and Dwight Howard talking about Howard wanting Van Gundy fired, it's worth a watch. Especially about 2:45 in when  Howard comes in having no idea what SVG just said.  
on.nba.com/I1A2oM 
, Was working during the Mad Men premiere so finally caught it online. Good, I thought, mostly. First hour better than second. Long time coming, that's for sure. Did you guys watch? http://www.amctv.com/mad-men/videos/episode-501-502-mad-men, Walked by the parade on my way to the park today - fun!, Big thank you to everyone at MIT/Sloan Sports Conference - had a lot of fun. Most fun point of discussion in our branding panel was what/who is the best-ever athlete/brand pair? Jordan/Nike? Jordan/Gatorade? Mean Joe Green/Coke?, In good company today at the Sloan Sports Conference. Although having a first name that starts with "R" didn't help me on this list :)

My panel is on sports branding. Let me know if you have any thoughts on that subject., Gotta say, I was pretty okay with this ending. , Okay, so I am obviously still getting the hang of Facebook. (I know...ridiculous...but let's move on...) How do you upload a link when you're posting from your iPhone? I don't see an option for that on the mobile page., Rescue Panther. Genius., Our look at Linsanity - es.pn/wMYfJu
Even if the Linning streak ends, it's hard to see New York losing the fever anytime soon, Here's the link to our story on Justin Tuck and a very special kid he met on the way to the Super Bowl., My pics from rolling through the ticker tape , Some of my snapshots from the week (Since my assignment was to cover the Giants, you won't see Patriots pics here. But maybe next time!), Giants players tell me they were very moved by Tom Coughlin's speech in their meeting tonight - one guy said it gave him 'goosebumps.' Coughlin talked about the season-long theme of Finish, but he also got emotional, quoted John Wooden and talked about how he loved his players and their competitive underdog spirit. Of course, it wasn't all warmth and emotion...players also watched a psych-up highlight video with some big hits...including a few crushing sacks of Tom Brady., Super Bowl Sunday...here's our camera position outside the Giants team hotel, Our Great Zip Line adventure at the Super Bowl Village! Take a look..., Greetings from Indianapolis! This pic's from inside the stadium - nice view, huh? Who do you guys think is going to win Sunday?, I am disillusioned. Government says Notre Dame's 'Rudy' was part of a stock scheme that generated $11 million illegally 

http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/12/17/us-sec-rudy-idUSTRE7BF1QQ20111217, So here's what I learned up in Green Bay this week: No one in the Packers locker room is avoiding the undefeated talk anymore. Coach Mike McCarthy hasn't told his starters his plan for season's final games, but the verdict is in from players: They want to go for it, even with the injury risk.

Here's a sampling: 
- LB Clay Matthews: "We like winning, I like winning, I know coach does, so I think we’re going to try and win some ball games around here"
- WR James Jones: "You never sat out when you were undefeated in Pop Warner. You play the games, so it’s no different now"
- WR Donald Driver: "The last 2 games are big rivals we don’t want to lose against...Chicago, Detroit...our fans would be upset for a long time."
- QB Aaron Rodgers: "We’re going to trust Coach and his decision, whatever it might be, but all of us as players just want to keep playing."

So what do you guys think they should do? Go for it and risk a season-ending injury to a key player before the Super Bowl run? Or play it safe but risk losing momentum and a chance at history?, Hey guys - sorry it's been way too long since I've posted. Here's a pic from the stands in Seattle. They love them some Marshawn Lynch! And we had a great time there for Monday Night Football., null, Another close one on MNF! What did you guys think of the game?, Heading to Kansas City for Monday Night Football.
 (Hopefully)getting out ahead of the Northeast storm!, Apparently in an emergency, people go for the water over the Swedish fish. Weird., Thanks for the nice comments, guys. Appreciate them! Just hanging in New York, waiting out Hurricane Irene. Will post some pics from the day of lead-up to the rain in a minute., null, A couple great days in Latrobe with the Steelers, and now Giants today. Will post some photos of camp sites once I figure out how to do that from the iPad. In the meantime, what do you guys think of the Eagles now that they have Nnamdi? Vince Young called them the "Dream Team", Up at Eagles camp in Bethlehem, PA today. Can't even describe how much better it is to be standing on a football field instead of talking lockout!, Fun item from Palm Beach Post - we'll take anything to distract from lockout talk!!, Check out our story on the Yankees Curtis Granderson and his very special relationship with the family of one of his biggest fans, Very sad to hear of the passing of Myra Kraft, wife of Patriots owner Bob Kraft. Smart, funny, extremely generous woman, Settling into watch the ESPYs, Finally setting up an *official* Facebook page. Looking forward to hanging out here with everyone!)