List(Last night I was arrested for DUII in Portland after dinner at a friend's house.  

Those that know me, know that I have always demanded excellence from myself. I have let myself and others down.  

I take full responsibility for my actions. This is all on me. I promise that I will do whatever it takes to ensure that my horrible mistake is never repeated.  

I am so sorry to my family, friends, fans and those that look to follow a better example.

- Abby, Will you be tuning into El Clasico live with me tomorrow at 2:30PM EST? I’m catching the game on my phone! Download go90 to watch live soccer for free. Get it at po.st/ElClasico1 #sp, Enter to win Fairfield County's Community Foundation's #LikeAGirl video contest to win a chance to attend the Fund for Women & Girls - Fairfield County Annual Luncheon on April 7th where I’ll be speaking about gender equality. http://bit.ly/252DRme, It’s not hard to guess what my favorite event is in Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games for Nintendo 3DS. #sponsored, Great day hanging out with Gatorade Sweat with the Best winner Teagan and her Park City Soccer Club teammates giving them an elite training experience with Coerver Coaching. #WinFromWithin, My spot with MINI USA is live! See it here: MINIUSA.com/Abby #DefyLabels #sponsored, Never been defined by labels, don’t plan on starting. Watch our MINI USA Big Game spot.
MINIUSA.com/Abby #DefyLabels #ad, So great to be part of MINI USA's Big Game campaign about overcoming labels and stereotypes. Here's my interview: MINIUSA.com/Abby #DefyLabels #ad, Thank you Clinton Foundation and President Bill Clinton for having me at yesterday's #HealthMatters2016, Thank you all for continuing to keep the ball rolling Forward. I can’t wait to see what this next generation has in store. #winfromwithin, Make them forget me., null, ..., null, null, So happy my t-shirt came!!! Be a good person  It actually made me feel like a better person! So weird:), The #UndeniableShow with Joe Buck premieres tonight at 8pm ET. Glad to be a part of it!, Finally home after weeks of traveling!! I don't know if Kingston is happier, or if I am. #kingstoncoffeeandtex, Proud to join #TeamDeloitte, Nothing made me prouder than to wear the red, white and blue. Thank you everyone for sending your thoughts and kind words. #ForeverGrateful, I'm chatting with @Cree tonight at 7PM ET on Twitter to talk all things soccer, light & life. Got a question for me? Share it with #LightABetterWay, Join me this Monday at 7PM ET as I sit down to chat with Cree on how we break boundaries to #LightABetterWay – both on the field and off. Follow @Cree on Twitter to participate!, Big game tonight. Players of all ages & abilities deserve to play on #realturf! For more info: http://bit.ly/1ORySeH #BackyardBoss #RFK, It was a great weekend in Great Falls!, In my job, I push my body to the extreme. Being able to play on natural turf allows me to play aggressively without worrying about injuries. Read more about why I prefer natural turf and its benefits at http://bit.ly/1exToUB #BackyardBoss, Hey SoCal, come out and see me next week on Undeniable with Joe Buck!, Strong, consistent performances are obviously important to me and other professional athletes, and a great playing surface helps set us up for success. For me, that’s playing on real grass. Read more at http://bit.ly/1exToUB #BackyardBoss, Join me this Wednesday at the Microsoft Store Roosevelt Field. I'll be there to celebrate the launch of Windows 10. Can't wait to see you there. retail.ms/Win10NY, I'll be at the Microsoft Store at Roosevelt Field on 7/29 to celebrate the Windows 10 launch. Looking forward to seeing you there! retail.ms/Win10NY, #BELIEVE, null, null, Best target practice ever with Cree! #lightabetterway, null, Play smart. I've teamed up with Triax Technologies to encourage head impact monitoring in sports for better safety and technique. Learn more about the importance of playing head smart: https://www.triaxtec.com/, We are honored to be #INTHEGAME for #FIFA16. Thank you EA SPORTS FIFA http://easports.com/fifa/women, null, null, null, Put in everything to chase one thing. #NoMaybes, Extremely honored!, null, null, It was such an honor to wave the green flag!, Never limit yourself. Stop dreaming, start doing. That’s what it means to #BeLikeMike, Gatorade, We're ready!, Together. Join us and get your new #uswnt Away kit now, only in the @nikesoccer App: gonike.me/SoccerApp, null, Very cool that Washington Youth Soccer is continuing to lead on safety with players, coaches, parents. #ODPSIMheadbands, null, It’s time to show your support for the U.S. Men’s Soccer Team as they head to #Brazil. To join other fans, share a selfie using #ShareYourSupport, and as a reward, Panasonic’s giving you the opportunity to enter for a chance to win a new #4K TV! http://bit.ly/1nsuBoh, Support #USMNT by sharing your soccer selfie with hashtag #ShareYourSpirit and Panasonic may feature you in Times Square May 30th!, Wanted to say a huge thank you to all of my teammates who helped me break this record. Means the world to me to share this with you guys. And these boots from Nike Soccer!? Pumped to wear them tonight!, Want your personal @Gatorade bottle design featured on a custom poster? Hurry, first 100 fans will get the chance ... http://bit.ly/1aUKXj0, Earned it on the field and then put it on a digital @Gatorade bottle. Now you can too. http://bit.ly/1aUKXj0, null, Thanks to all the campers that signed up yesterday & today, can't wait to meet you all! There's still room, see AbbyWambach.com, My camp is filling up fast. Secure your spot now and for all of you in the New York area, please share with your friends. 
July 27th-28th, and yes, of course I'll be there!
More info and registration at AbbyWambach.com, Let me just say thank you to Mia Hamm for giving me something to chase, and to the fans for cheering me along the way. Last night was a special night. #USA #ThankYou, Anyone want to come to my soccer camp? It just got easier. Go to www.abbywambach.com for more information and to register.
Camps will be help July 27 and 28th in Rochester, NY. Sign up now!, It was fun to take a look back while making tonights documentary, Abby Head On, part of the SEC Storied Series on ESPNU. Its at 8pm ET tonight - tune in!
http://bit.ly/AbbyWam (preview), ESPN Films’ SEC “Storied” series continues with "Abby Head On," premiering Wednesday, May 15, at 8 p.m. ET on ESPNU., Check out Gatorade bringing iconic sports moments to life all starting at UF. Proud to be part of their heritage. bit.ly/X3CunF, LA soccer supporters come see me at the LA Fest celebrity match on March 24 at Home Depot Center. Proceeds support our friends at the Mia Hamm Foundation. Mia will join us too, of course., null, null, null, Im in Great Falls Montana today having a great time! Come meet me at the @getfitgreatfalls event tonight, details here: www.getfitgreatfalls.org, I will be in Charlotte, NC TOMORROW for the Kids Health Goes Gold (@KidsGoGold) event! Come meet me and some other great Olympians, get tickets at https://kidshealthgoesgold.eventbrite.com/, Had fun suprising #thechance team in England. More opportunities like this for female players, please. http://gonike.me/6014TcjG, This pic pretty much sums it up, This was a year's worth of work and the sacrifices all of us have had to make for our friends and families, for the players that didn't make the roster, this goes out to all of our fans that cheered us on last summer and were equally as heartbroken as we were.  This year has been trials and tribulations, we lost to Japan a few times, and this win feels like everything has come full circle. I'm so proud of this team for never giving up. It was a team effort for this entire tournament and it shows what it takes to win championships -- it's teamwork and loyalty and trusting in each other.  Feels great to bring home the gold!!!!!!, Heading to Wembley now. Just a few hours until we take the field. 
#TEAMUSA #goldorbust I will leave it all out there!!! Every bit, Game day!!! Tonight is the night. 7:45pm our time, 2:45pm eastern, 11:45 am pst
NBC sports network USA vs Japan
#goldorbust, Dreaming in gold tonight! Resting up for tomorrow. #goldorbust, "It’s everything. It’s why we’re here. This is what we are. This is who we are. This is what we’ve been working for. I know that this team is willing and ready to show up. It doesn’t matter who we’re playing." - Abby Wambach on reaching the Olympic finals and facing off against Japan., Made it to London!! So cool to get to meet all these other Olympians., Words won't explain how I feel. Only pride in us that we never quit. We believed the whole game. The power of believing in yourself works.  #Goldorbust, Abby Wambach strikes again!  Abby scored to lead the US past New Zealand 2-0 and into the Semi's!, "It was awesome!  So many U.S. fans came for this game specifically. It's a dream come true for a lot of us. It's unbelievable to have gotten a goal." Abby Wambach on playing at Old Trafford, Abby Wambach scored today's game-winner as the USA finished the group stage 3-0 to advance to Friday's quarterfinal., Game Day.  No whining or crying Reece and Rylie!! Ceremonies were awesome.  Good luck to all the athletes. #teamusa, 1-0 #USA!!!!, null, null, Check out my archery form....Not bad eh?, It only takes one second to alter the fate of a game. Head to www.12athletes12missions.com and share a picture of what drives YOU to fight to the final second!, null, My first foray as a TV chef! How did I do? Thanks Arnold and Oroweat Bread!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQvfrbP41hI, In case you missed it check out my Gatorade GSSI spot! http://bit.ly/KST4uL, Thanks to all that came out to support us today! Tune into @SportsCenter tonight at 11pm EST for my Gatorade Inside the Edge segment. Watch as I learn how proper training and nutrition can impact my performance on the field., I love a good sandwich, so I’m stoked to tell you I’m working with Arnold and Oroweat Bread to get ready for the Games this year!, null, Already went grocery shopping. That was the first time in over 2 months that I've made a proper family dinner. Sad, but true. 2nite menu is: Marinated over night grilled chicken, marinated veggies and quinoa. Yup. Going healthy. I love to cook!!!!, Check out my new commercial with Gatorade! Anyone seen it yet?, null, null, Thanks for warm welcome at St. Teresa's. Brought back great memories from my days at Mercy., Part 2 - with cameos from my mom!, Studio 90 interview, Off to Denver again for a bachelorette party tonight!! Can't wait to see old friends and Michael Jackson's cirque show., Check out my Nike Women get gifted! Today and today only you have the chance to get a signed replica of the jersey I wore during the 2011 Women's World Cup. Learn more at this link; good luck and happy holidays! http://go.nike.com/2f9vrn7, null, Very honored to say, this Wednesday Hope Solo and I will be accepting the Sportswomen of the Year Award on behalf of the U.S. Soccer WNT at the March of Dimes Sports Luncheon. http://www.marchofdimes.com/ , I had some fun shooting some soccer tips in Chicago last month - check them out here!, Thanks to Panasonic for hosting that amazing event at cowboy stadium! I wanna play there one day!!, It is certainly a sad day for MagicJack fans and fans of the WPS.  I want to personally thank Dan Borislow and the fans of South Florida for their support and I hope to get an opportunity to come back to South Florida to play in the future.  We love this game and want what is best for women’s soccer so we will continue to do whatever it takes to help it grow., check out some highlights from the Bank of America Chicago Marathon - thanks for a great time Chicago!, Game day!! Then we get a few weeks off to recharge. Can't wait to get on the field., Champions league makes me so happy. I'm exhausted from this last week!!! So fun and worth it though., On the road again. Headed to Austin for lunch and then another rv park. Who has the best barbecue?, Not much time left to submit your entry for the Let's Run Together Charity Relay - the deadline is Friday! We're looking for 13 runners to join us at the Bank of America Chicago Marathon to show how hard work and partnerships can make a difference in the community: http://on.fb.me/1oPgv3, Heather Mitts and I will be at our alma mater this weekedn - come see us at the UF VS. TEXAS TECH soccer match on Fri., Sept. 2 @ 7pm. Admission is free and we'll be meeting fans post-game., If you don't get the Democrat and Chronicle, this thank you note to all the wonderful fans in Rochester ran today., The WPS Finals are this Saturday in my hometown Rochester, NY! I will be there meeting fans from 2:30-3:30pm and at 4pm we'll all enjoy a great game. See you there!
Info: womensprosoccer.com
For Tickets: (716)655-PLAY or (585)454-KICK or Ticketmaster.com, a little down time in San Francisco for the next couple days, excited to relax and check out the Giants game tomorrow night!, Big news today, I'll be joining Hope Solo and Alex Morgan as co-captains of a Bank of America Let's Run Together Charity Relay team during the Chicago Marathon. We're looking looking for 13 runners to join us in showing how hard work and partnerships can make a difference in the community. JOIN US!  http://www.facebook.com/ChicagoMarathon, For all of you who couldn't stay up - here's my Inside the Edge Gatorade segment from SportsCenter last night http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6A1hhJ-bZ0&feature=youtu.be hope you like!, Tune into ESPN’s SportsCenter tonight at 11pm (eastern) for my Gatorade Inside the Edge segment! It's a behind the scenes look at how I prepare for the competition., My interview with Beyond the Box Score on Fox Sports, had a great time at the Miami Soccer Festival yesterday, thanks to everyone that came out!, Not sure if you caught this video before the World Cup, but Nike Soccer created it for us heading into the tournament. Fun to look back on..., Anyone find any good pics from the World Cup that I should use as a new Facebook picture?, Another heartfelt thank you to the fans of Rochester. 15,000 at the game last night!!! A record breaking effort I am so grateful for!!, MVP Generation Go event today was unreal! What a great homecoming to Rochester, thanks to everyone that came out and can't wait to see you at the game!, Shooting soccer balls into moving Taxis?  Not your average Tuesday!  Hope and I had a great time on the Late Show, if you missed it, check it out
, Arrived on home soil to great fans at Newark Airport and W Hotel Times Square. Thanks for the warm welcome!, Well, not exactly what we had planned. Congrats to Japan on a tremendous World Cup. So proud to be a part of this team and to represent the USA, Thanks for all the support everyone!  It's been amazing.  We can't wait until tomorrow!!!!  I also started a Twitter account to stay in touch with all the amazing fans out there so if you're on there, check me out :)  
, Good Morning America!!, Our team has this ability to fight through adversity, to stick together when the going gets rough.  I couldn’t be more excited and proud to be in the final. As soon as the whistle went, I could only think one thing.....One more game!, null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YDfJgyJCMA&feature=youtu.be, Thanks to NIKE for the Billboard in NYC on 34th and 7th!, null, Thanks Jeff!, Not good to laugh at someone else's injury, but it's probably ok this time :) , null, null, http://www.teamusa.org/news/2010/08/12/12-in-12-london-hopeful-abby-wambach/37827?ngb_id=3, soccer fans in the northeast - I will be hosting some clinics in 2 WEEKS! Go to this link to find out more: http://www.facebook.com/MVPKidPower?v=app_2344061033 I would love to see you all there!, Nike's "Attitude From You" contest is going on now. Check out this link to add your personal mantra or join me in voting for your favorite! http://go.nike.com/03l4sggk, See Abby's assist last night here:, null, A behind the scenes look at my G2 commercial, Thanks to all that voted for a great cause!, is nominated for US Soccer Female Athlete of the Year.  To cast your vote visit: http://www.ussoccer.com/Best-of-Awards/2009-Athlete-of-the-Year/Female-AOY.aspx)