List(Remembering Sr. Ignatia Gavin, CSA
January 1, 1889—April 1, 1966 
 
Today we remember Sr. Ignatia, founder of Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity. Sister Ignatia passed away 50 years ago today on April 1, 1966. In her honor, we hosted a celebration and open house of Rosary Hall, St. Vincent Charity’s addiction treatment program. 

Sister Ignatia, revered as the “Angel of Mercy,” is an important piece of the story of Rosary Hall. Her legacy of caring and compassion continues to live on each day through our caregivers. Learn more about Sr. Ignatia and Rosary Hall at http://bit.ly/1Y4DbY5, We're celebrating Doctors' Day today! Let your doctors know how much you appreciate them., null, Wishing everyone a happy and blessed Easter from the entire team of Caregivers at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, So far 22 people have died of opioid overdoses in Cuyahoga County this month, including 12 in a five-day span between March 10 and 14.

St. Vincent Charity's Drs. Chris Adelman and Carla O’Day discuss the recent spike in overdoses with cleveland.com and what we are seeing in the emergency department and at Rosary Hall: http://bit.ly/1T7BR7s, null, Out with the old and in with the new! 

We are excited to share that our brand new sign is being installed on top of the main hospital building facing East 22nd Street! Stay tuned for more progress photos and the finished product throughout the week., St. Vincent Charity's Wellness Committee is serving up some green today in celebration of St. Patrick's Day! Try out their delicious pine-orange green smoothie recipe below. 

Happy St. Patrick's Day!, The Cuyahoga County Opiate Task Force offers a sobering analogy that puts the heroin epidemic into perspective: The number of people in Cuyahoga County each year who abuse or misuse prescription pills could fill First Energy Stadium. Additionally, from that group of people the number who make the shift from prescription pills to heroin could fill Quicken Loans Arena. Around 350 people die annually in Cuyahoga County from accidental drug overdose. 

If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction, Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity can help. Call 216.363.2580 and press 4 to speak with a caregiver immediately., Join us and learn how Rosary Hall has been helping to free people from addiction for more than 60 years., We are pleased to announce that Dr. Michael Nowak has assumed the critical role of Medical Director for the Center for Bariatric Surgery.

Dr. Nowak will begin seeing patients April 1st. To make an appointment with Dr. Nowak, contact the Center for Bariatric Surgery office at 216.592.2801.

Please join us in welcoming Dr. Nowak in his new role at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, Mark your calendars and join us for an open house and celebration of Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity! The day happens to fall on the 50th anniversary of Sr. Ignatia Gavin's death. We will be honoring her legacy that lives on through our caregivers each day.

Guests will have the opportunity to tour the department, visit with Rosary Hall counselors and learn more about the addiction services offered at St. Vincent. Light snacks and refreshments will be provided. See you then!, Friendly reminder—Don't forget to spring forward this weekend! Clocks move ahead 1 hour Sunday at 2 am., Susan used to tell herself that she wasn't overweight, even though she struggled to perform daily tasks. She couldn't sleep on her stomach. Her back ached. She had trouble fitting behind the wheel of the car. She couldn't wear "cute" clothes, she recalls. But after bariatric surgery, Susan hasn't looked back—only forward, and as a happier, more confident version of herself.

See how we can help turn "I can't" into "I can" for all the things you love to do http://bit.ly/1UlbD0W, Mark your calendars and join us for an open house and celebration of Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity! The day happens to fall on the 50th anniversary of Sr. Ignatia Gavin's death. We will be honoring her legacy that lives on through our caregivers each day. 

Guests will have the opportunity to tour the department, visit with Rosary Hall counselors and learn more about the addiction and behavioral health services offered at St. Vincent. Light snacks and refreshments will be provided. See you then!, We are proud to announce that we have received the Joint Commission's Gold Seal of Approval and Advanced Certification as a Primary Stroke Center., Check out this week's issue of "In the Campus District" for the latest news from around our neighborhood. Featuring stories thsi week from St. Vincent Charity, Cleveland State University, Bloom Bakery at Campus District and Cleveland International Film Festival:  http://bit.ly/1LuEC0y, Thank you for the kind words, Bishop Lennon. We wish you all the best in your continuing recovery., Planning a trip to the grocery store this weekend? Pump up your heart health by choosing foods that are low in sodium (salt): http://1.usa.gov/y0uXTq

#HeartMonth, As a new father, Craig was inspired to dramatically change his lifestyle so he could enjoy parenthood and see his children grow. He used his passion for sports to lose weight and keep up with his two boys. But when mysterious pain and numbness struck, Craig was no longer able to compete on the field—and he risked losing everything because of it. Watch his story below. 

To learn more about the Spine and Orthopedic Institute at St. Vincent Charity, visit http://bit.ly/1Kdrnhu, Some of our internal medicine residents take part in a medical mission. Here's a video recorded last month by the global news agency AJ+, which features our own Dr. Ramyashree Tummala working in rural India. Thank you for living our mission here and abroad! 

https://youtu.be/xIJDWob_O9A, Nearly $1 million was contributed to St. Vincent Charity in support of our programs and patients during our #STV150 year. Your generosity strengthens our efforts and heartens the physicians, nurses and caregivers who serve thousands from around Greater Cleveland when they are at their most vulnerable. 

Below are just some of the highlights and programs your philanthropic gifts made possible in 2015., It's Cardiac Rehab Week! Cardiac rehabilitation helps patients to recover from cardiac events and surgeries. Our focus is on the patient as a whole. Through education and hard work our caregivers get people back to their normal level of function. 

Special thanks to our cardiac and pulmonary rehab caregivers for taking such good care of our patients!, Northeast Ohio hospitals seeing benefits of bundled payment model.

St. Vincent Charity was recently selected as the nation’s first employer center of excellence for bariatric surgery. Learn more about what this new national contract means for St. Vincent from our own Dr. David F. Perse, president and CEO, in the latest issue of Crain's Cleveland Business., A prayer for all those who work in Catholic health care on the World Day of the Sick http://bit.ly/1V6Co7N, Today we observe World Day of the Sick, an observation introduced by Pope John Paul II in 1992 as a way to offer prayers for those suffering from illnesses. The day is an opportunity for those who serve in Catholic health ministry to reflect on caring for those who are sick as well as those who provide care to them.

Enjoy the prayer below provided by the Catholic Health Association of the United States., Caregiver Spotlight—5A/5B caregivers achieve excellence in patient satisfaction

At St. Vincent Charity, we constantly strive to provide the highest level of quality care to each and every patient. Two of our units were recently recognized for showing steady improvement in their overall satisfaction scores over the last 6 months. Donna, Director, discusses patient satisfaction at every staff meeting and attributes the success to improved communication. Donna encourages her staff to always introduce themselves to patients, discuss how they are doing and see if anything bothering them physically or emotionally. Making a personal connection helps the patient feel comfortable and respected and sets a positive tone for the day.  

Congratulations, 5A and 5B!, St. Vincent Charity podiatry residents ride along with Cleveland EMS and gain a new perspective on patient care. Read more at http://bit.ly/23VnVBC, Experiencing knee pain? Join us this Wednesday for a free community seminar in Solon with Dr. Bernard Stulberg and Dr. Matthew Levy. Learn more about the latest advances in knee surgery and discover your options for treatment. 

Registration is required. To secure your spot, call 866.234.8488., Heart disease/stroke cause 1 in 3 deaths among women each year, killing approximately one woman every 80 seconds. Many of our Caregivers celebrated National Wear Red Day today to help raise awareness for women's heart health. Way to rock the red, St. Vincent Charity! ❤️

#GoRedForWomen #GoRedWearRed, Our IT department is all red today! All the way down to the red Converse! #GoRedForWomen #GoRedWearRed, The SVCMC emergency department is rocking red today! Are you?! #GoRedForWomen #GoRedWearRed, Our plant operations team is proud to support #ClevelandGoesRed--heart boas and fire extinguishers included! #GoRedForWomen, Dr. Ted Parran, Co-Medical Director of Rosary Hall, shares some alarming statistics on the rise in patients being treated for heroin at St. Vincent Charity over the last 20+ years., null, Cardiovascular diseases cause 1 in 3 women’s deaths each year, killing approximately 1 woman every minute. It is the No. 1 killer of women, yet only one in five American women believe that heart disease is her greatest health threat. 

Are you at risk? Take the quiz and get your heart score from the Go Red For Women - American Heart Association., null, Ten years ago, the American Heart Association discovered that heart disease killed more women than men. The Go Red For Women campaign was created and since then, millions of women have been educated on the dangers of heart disease and major changes in health care have been made. 

Support Go Red For Women by participating in National Wear Red Day® this Friday!, Join us February 10th for a free community seminar in Solon with Dr. Bernard Stulberg and Dr. Matthew Levy. Learn more about the latest advances in knee surgery and see what your options are. To register, call 866.234.8488., null, Advertisements from St. Vincent Charity's 1910 Annual Report including the May Company, the Illuminating Company and more #TBT, Everything you need to know about the #Zika virus: http://bit.ly/1KbyBVX, For many people, joint pain is an unwelcome part of the aging process. For others, it’s the result of injury or disease. Thanks to advances in joint care, real hope exists for ending your pain and getting you back into an active and healthy lifestyle. 

Join us February 10th for a free community seminar with Dr. Bernard Stulberg and Dr. Matthew Levy. Learn more about advances in knee surgery and see what your options are. Call 866.234.8488 to register., Don’t hesitate – explore your options to #GetCovered and #StayCovered today! → http://1.usa.gov/1H

A Cuyahoga Health Access Partnership - CHAP navigator is available to help with enrollment at St. Vincent Charity Mondays and Wednesdays from 10 am - 4 pm. To make an appointment, call 216.206.6419., Deaths from drug overdoses have jumped in nearly every county across the United States, driven largely by an explosion in addiction to prescription painkillers and heroin. 198 heroin related overdose deaths occurred in Cuyahoga County in 2014.

If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction, Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity can help. Call 216.363.2580 and press 4 to speak with a caregiver immediately., Giving the homeless the gift of dignity. St. Vincent Charity podiatry residents share care and a compassionate ear at today's 25th annual Homeless Stand Down. Read the full story in our latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1nfY860, Happy Friday! Have you seen Progressive's awesome new video highlighting all things #CLE? Start your weekend out on a positive note and check it out! https://youtu.be/56p2ENKC1Bw, In Case You Missed It: Vice President Joe Biden's 'moonshot' to cure cancer starts with a call to our very own Wendy Hoke, Vice President of Marketing and Communications. cleveland.com talked with Wendy that same day to discuss the initiative and her call with the White House. 

Read the full story at: http://s.cleveland.com/YyL9s5g, null, Please join us Wednesday, January 27th for a free CEU presentation with Dr. Parran, Co-Medical Director of Rosary Hall, on inpatient and outpatient management of the opioid dependent patient.

Lunch will be provided. Secure your spot and register today by emailing teresa.calhoun@stvincentcharity.com., You and your family deserve the peace of mind that comes from having health coverage in 2016. Make sure you #GetCovered and #StayCovered by 1/31!

A Cuyahoga Health Access Partnership - CHAP navigator is available to help with enrollment at St. Vincent Charity Mondays and Wednesday from 10 am - 4 p.m. To make an appointment, call 216.206.6419., Give the gift of life today. Last week our American Red Cross issued an urgent need for blood donations to help prevent a shortage of blood products this January. Fewer blood donations over the holiday months have reduced the overall blood supply at the Red Cross. Please join us today from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. in the St. Vincent DePaul Room for our blood drive!  You can help save up to 3 lives with your donation, and all donors will enjoy Antonio’s Pizza and Sophie’s Catering delicious cheese cake and pastry., In October 2015, we concluded our eventful 150th anniversary. Take a look back at our yearlong celebration—by the numbers! http://bit.ly/1J7xdmZ 

#STV150, Medicaid may soon pay for some inpatient addiction treatment. Read the full story at: http://bit.ly/1ZyvMFz, null, Julie Foucher and Scott Panchik, The CrossFit Games athletes, discuss their injuries and surgical experiences with our own Dr. Michael Canales in a recent episode of Julie’s podcast.

Tune in around the 37 minute mark to hear Julie and Scott chat about working with Dr. Canales and the importance of having a physician who understands the needs of a high-level athlete: http://bit.ly/1OpB7Es, We're proud to announce a first!, Cleveland Foundation gift supports behavioral health at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. 

The foundation recently announced a $125,000 commitment to Care Beyond Medicine: The Campaign for St. Vincent Charity Medical Center to underscore our critical role in the community’s health care delivery system, particularly as Cleveland’s downtown hospital. 

Read the full story at http://bit.ly/1J07erY, Mark your calendars—The first bariatric surgery informational seminar of 2016 will be held on January 11th at our downtown campus.

Learn how you can start saying “I Can” with one simple seminar. Register today by calling 1-888-362-9732 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, Merry Christmas from all of us at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! Our heartfelt thanks to our Caregivers working to care for others today., Faith calls her to support Cleveland’s “best-kept secret” in health care.

Learn more about Margaret Wong's inspirational story from 
immigrant to renowned immigration lawyer and why she supports Care Beyond Medicine at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center: http://bit.ly/1J07erY, Former Cleveland Cavaliers All-Star turns to St. Vincent Charity

With 13 years in the NBA, Zydrunas Ilgauskas thought he could walk this one off. Thanks to the help of Dr. Michael Canales, Foot and Ankle Surgeon, this Cavalier is back on his feet: http://bit.ly/1J07erY, Mark your calendars—The first bariatric surgery informational seminar of the year will be held on January 11th at our downtown campus. 

Learn how you can start saying “I Can” with one simple seminar. Register today by calling 1-888-362-9732 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, Hot off the press! The Winter 2015 issue of Caritas is now up on our website. This issue features the launch of Care Beyond Medicine: The Campaign for St. Vincent Charity and highlights foundations, physicians, caregivers, patients and board members who have pledged their support. 

Read the full issue at: http://bit.ly/1J07erY, Education is key to staying healthy. Visit our health and wellness calendar to see a list of all upcoming classes, support groups & FREE health screenings in the area: http://bit.ly/1b49jpp, Dr. Louis Keppler, Co-Director of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute, helps one patient beat the odds and overcome debilitating back pain. 

The story was featured in the December issue of Cleveland Magazine and can be found online at: http://bit.ly/1NgY8sO, #TBT June 1959–A black and white photo with a touch of sparkle!

Reveley Beattie, president of Beattie & Sons Jewelers at the time, sets gems into the shield of the Sisters of Charity under the watchful eye of Sister Mary Consilla, CSA. The shield, sparkling with rubies, blue sapphires, peach sapphires and diamonds, would be displayed in the Beattie store window to promote the hospital's $2.9 million fundraising campaign., It is not just that we help and heal and serve. It is HOW we do that at St. Vincent Charity that makes us unique. It is truly Care Beyond Medicine.

Learn more about our fundraising campaign and how to support the mission of SVCMC this #GivingTuesday at: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, "The Saint Ignatius High School project helps to raise another generation of health care workers and leaders who are connected and engaged in the community”

With St. Vincent Charity’s mission as a guiding principle, Dr. John and Lorene Bastulli made a generous donation to help fund the new medical offices in Ohio City across from Saint Ignatius.

How will you give back this holiday season? Consider making a donation today on #GivingTuesday in support of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. To donate now, visit http://bit.ly/1RhkGPh, In honor of #GivingTuesday, we asked some of our Caregivers to share with us why they choose to give their time, skills and financial contributions back to St. Vincent Charity. Click through the photos to see why SVCMC Caregivers make an investment in themselves.

We hope that in celebration of #GivingTuesday you will consider making a gift that is meaningful to you, and know that all gifts, no matter the size, are meaningful to us. To make a contribution, visit: http://bit.ly/1RhkGPh, Margaret Wong is driven by the mission of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center to support what she terms Cleveland's "best-kept secret in health care."

Why do you give? Join the #GivingTuesday movement and support Cleveland's downtown hospital this holiday season. To make a contribution now, visit http://bit.ly/1RhkGPh, As a member of the hospital family, Eugene feels a sense of duty to contribute to the mission, which is why he recently made a contribution and joined the Augustine Society.

Join the #GivingTuesday movement and consider making a pledge to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. To donate now, visit: http://bit.ly/1RhkGPh, Black Friday ☑️
Cyber Monday ☑️

Today is #GivingTuesday! Now in it's fourth year, #GivingTuesday is a global day of giving fueled by social media and collaboration.

How will you give back this holiday season? Consider making a difference today with a gift to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center: http://bit.ly/1RhkGPh, Wishing all a happy, healthy Thanksgiving surrounded by those you love. A special note of thanks to our wonderful Caregivers working to care for others today., A Thanksgiving Prayer from the The Catholic Health Association of the United States, One year ago, an ER doctor shared this poignant column about how our emergency departments today serve as modern-day sanctuaries. Certainly, we see that at St. Vincent Charity. In the spirit of the holiday, we share this post. 

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/edwin-leap-md/the-er-holiday-sanctuary-_b_6217066.html, "The Fortune Cookie," starring Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon turns 50 this year. The movie, filmed in the fall of 1965, shot at various locations around Cleveland, including St. Vincent Charity!

The Akron Beacon Journal takes a look back on the filming of "The Fortune Cookie" in its anniversary year: http://bit.ly/1QG3Udm, Looking for some lighter dishes to add to your Thanksgiving Day menu? Try a few of these healthy updates to the holiday classics from EatingWell: http://bit.ly/11SuOsb, November is National Diabetes Month. Did you know 86 million Americans have prediabetes? Prediabetes means that your blood glucose (sugar) level is higher than normal but not high enough to be diagnosed with diabetes.  

1 in 3 U.S. adults have prediabetes.  

Risk factors for prediabetes include: 
• Are 45 years of age or older
• Are overweight
• Have a family history of type 2 diabetes
• Have high blood pressure
• Are physically active fewer than three times per week
• Ever had diabetes while pregnant (gestational diabetes) or gave birth to a baby that weighed more than 9 pounds

Take the CDC's online quiz to find out if you are at risk for prediabetes: http://1.usa.gov/1OhSjxz, On November 7th, we inducted 4 new physicians into the Society of St. Luke. The Society of St. Luke was established to recognize and honor members of the SVCMC Medical Staff for their distinguished service to their patients, the mission and the communities we serve

We are so pleased to welcome our 2015 Inductees:
- Dr. John A. Bastulli, Anesthesiology
- Dr. Audley Mackel, Orthopedic Surgery
- Dr. John Marshall, Gastroenterology
- Dr. Carla O’Day, Emergency Medicine

Read more about the 2015 inductees and the Society of St. Luke in our latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1H6Xot5, From sick and homeless to grateful patient and donor. Read one patient's amazing story of #givingback: http://bit.ly/1vK2NKn  

#NationalPhilanthropyDay, SVCMC recently honored Mel Pye at the #NationalPhilanthropyDay event hosted by the AFP Cleveland.

Mel has been a tireless advocate, volunteer and board member for St. Vincent Charity Medical Center for nearly two decades. He has served as the Chairman of our board for the past five years. A generous philanthropist, Mel has continuously supported the hospital and its many funding initiatives.

Thank you, Mel, for all that you do!, Roland Burke volunteers his professional skills to help plant operations at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Read the full story at http://bit.ly/1PJddYe

Many thanks to Roland and all of our volunteer Caregivers who donate their time and skills to SVCMC #NationalPhilanthropyDay, A journey of 30 years leads patient to give in honor of St. Vincent Charity's 150th Anniversary. Read the full story at: http://bit.ly/1KGzSUp

On #NationalPhilanthropyDay, we're sharing the stories of donors and volunteers who help SVCMC carry out our mission of caring for all. Stay tuned for more!, On #NationalPhilanthropyDay, we're sharing the stories of those who help support the mission of SVCMC through volunteering or charitable donations. Follow the link to learn more about how Franky Brady turned his patient experience into a volunteer opportunity: http://bit.ly/1Ny9esQ

Thanks to Frank and all the SVCMC volunteers who donate their time to serve as an extension of our team of Caregivers!, Today is #NationalPhilanthropyDay! NPD is a celebration of philanthropy—giving, volunteering and charitable engagement—that highlights the accomplishments, large and small, that philanthropy—and all those involved in the philanthropic process—makes to our society and our world.

At St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, we are so grateful for those help support our mission. With your help, we can carry on our faith-based legacy of high quality, compassionate care for all of God’s people for another 150 years.

Stay tuned throughout the day as we share the stories of some of our valued donors and volunteers!, By 1917, 40 St. Vincent Charity nurses "answered the call" and were serving in the armed forces. One SVC nurse, Jessie Burns, served in England and France and was decorated at Buckingham Palace by King George V himself, who cited her efficiency and devotion to duty. They responded to the call again during World War II, sending 119 caregivers to care for the troops.

We are so thankful for them and for all who have served our country!, You can see Orlando Howard, manager of Rosary Hall, testify before Cuyahoga County Council on support for detox and addiction services. His testimony begins at 17 minutes.
https://youtu.be/_Dl6UDLKWsk, Considering bariatric surgery? Hear from some of our patients who turned I Can't into I Can. Or attend our FREE seminar at 6 p.m. today at the Center for Bariatric Surgery at our Main Campus location. 

https://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/patient-success-stories/, New bariatric campaign launched today. Special thanks to our patients who participated. Your stories are truly inspirational., We are proud to honor Melvin Pye at today's National Philanthropy Day event hosted by the AFP Cleveland!

Mel has been a tireless advocate, volunteer and board member for St. Vincent Charity Medical Center for nearly two decades. He has served as the Chairman of our board for the past five years. A generous philanthropist, Mel has continuously supported the hospital and its many funding initiatives.

Thank you, Mel, for all that you do!, Our experienced surgical weight loss team at the Center for Bariatric Surgery has helped more than 7,000 patients lose more than 700,000 pounds — and counting. 

Tito lost more than 130 pounds after surgery. Hear his story at: http://bit.ly/1GNkC7n, We were honored to accept the Volunteer Award at the Campus District, Inc. 2015 Annual Meeting today on behalf of SVCMC Caregivers. Our Caregivers were recognized for the neighborhood Spring Clean Up we held in May. Thank you to all who participated and helped make our neighborhood sparkle!, Ohio has a higher rate of #diabetes than the national average -- nearly 12% of Ohioans are diabetic. Diabetes is a complicated disease and education is key for those diagnosed.

WCPN recently dropped in on one of St. Vincent Charity's diabetes education classes where patients learn the tools and tips to help self-manage the disease at home. Follow the link below to listen to the full story., Did you know open enrollment begins November 1st? The Northeast Ohio Outreach & Enrollment Council will have enrollment assisters available at multiple locations throughout NEO on Sunday, November 1, 2015 to help individuals and families get or renew coverage.

Additionally, a Cuyahoga Health Access Partnership - CHAP navigator is available to help with open enrollment at St. Vincent Charity Mondays and Wednesday from 10 am - 4 p.m. To make an appointment, call 216.206.6419. 

#GetCovered, Keep things fun and safe this #Halloween! 

- Examine all treats for choking hazards and tampering before eating them. Limit the amount of treats you eat.
- Always test make-up in a small area first. Remove it before bedtime to prevent possible skin and eye irritation. 
- Look both ways before crossing the street. Use crosswalks wherever possible.

Check out the the entire list of tips for your trick-or-treaters at: http://1.usa.gov/1jUezUr, Dr. Bernard Stulberg, Orthopedic Surgeon, becomes first of only two physicians in nation to perform new surgical technique for treating complex revisions in total knee replacement patients. Read the full story in our latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1PPks1V, We're so pleased to welcome two new community leaders to our St. Vincent Charity family. Tony Coyne, president of Mansour Gavin, has joined our Hospital Governing Board. James Kavalec, Vice President and Financial Advisor for Bernstein Global Wealth Management joined our Foundation Board. https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/10/22/St-Vincent-Charity-welcomes-two-community-leaders-to-its-boards.aspx, Thinking about bariatric surgery? Join us tonight at Lorain County Community College Spitzer building for a FREE seminar to learn more. Register by calling 88-361-9732 or online. https://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/seminar-calendar/, Happy #PharmacyWeek! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is proud to recognize our pharmacists and pharmacy technicians for their important role in patient care., On October 10, 2015, the terminal tower lit up the downtown skyline in shades of blue to help celebrate our milestone 150th anniversary.

Thank you for 150 years, Cleveland!, null, In case you missed the Terminal Tower Light last night. It was lit up blue for our 150th anniversary., Happy 150th Birthday, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! On this day in 1865, the doors of St. Vincent Charity were opened by our founders: the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine, Bishop Amadeus Rappe of Cleveland and Dr. Gustave Weber under its forever motto, "In all things, charity.", We are so proud of our 2015 internal medicine graduates. They achieved 100% passage on their board exams! This is the second year in a row our residents have achieved 100% board passage. Congratulations to our entire graduates, Graduate Medical Education team and Faculty!, We're proud to have been recognized by the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association for meeting the latest research-based standards for stroke care with a Get With the Guidelines Silver Plus Award for Stroke. Learn more https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/10/08/St-Vincent-Charity-Medical-Center-receives-Get-With-The-Guidelines-Stroke-Silver-Plus-Quality-Achievement-Award.aspx, Enjoy a look back at our 150th anniversary celebration! https://youtu.be/2F84aeTjLNM #TBT, Considering bariatric surgery in 2016? Check out our live seminar dates, now available online. https://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/seminar-calendar/, It's #PAWeek! Held every year from Oct. 6-12, National PA Week is a celebration of the Physician Assistant (PA) profession. PAs are also known as physician extenders and they perform an important role in patient care here at St. Vincent Charity. 

We are proud to celebrate our PAs this week and every week. Thank you PAs for all that you do!, Healthcare Workers Need Good Doctors, Too!

A physical therapist in Michigan with a rare disorder travels to St. Vincent Charity for specialized care from Dr. Robert McLain, an internationally recognized leader in spine surgery and education. Read the full story at: http://bit.ly/1LwBxwR

Learn more about Dr. McLain in his video bio at: http://bit.ly/1OzKp60, Congratulations are in order for the SVCMC Internal Medicine Residency Program! 

St. Vincent Charity’s internal medicine residency program was recently ranked the highest in the state of Ohio for board passage. Out of the 21 internal medicine residency programs in the state, St. Vincent Charity topped the list with the highest percentage passing rate at 95%!

Congratulations to our residents, Dr. Keyvan Ravakhah (program director) and the GME staff on this wonderful accomplishment!

Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1P83cUn, This video reflects the work our team has done for the past two years. What a great time we had and what an incredible mission we serve. Hopefully, we opened a few eyes. Hats off to many, many collaborators, but especially to Meredith Camp Events and Second Story Productions.

https://youtu.be/2F84aeTjLNM, null, Sister Judith Ann Karam, Congregational Leader, is at the White House this morning. She's sending back photos and reports on the visit of Pope Francis. Sister Judith Ann serves as board chair of the Catholic Health Association., Join us September 27th at 3 p.m. as we conclude our yearlong 150th anniversary celebration with Mass at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist! Mass is open to all and will be celebrated by Bishop Richard G. Lennon.

We look forward to wrapping up a great anniversary year and honoring our founders – the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine. For more information on our 150th anniversary, visit stv150.org., Obesity as a disease— Addressing the underlying cause of many health conditions requires changing the conversation.

Read the full story in the latest issue of Caritas, St. Vincent Charity's community newsletter: http://bit.ly/1KGzSUp, Stop by the front lawn of St. Vincent Charity tomorrow from 3-5 p.m. and see the Garden Boyz for their last market of the season! 

They’ll be selling a wide variety of fresh, locally grown fruits and veggies including fresh picked peaches, McIntosh apples, plums, watermelon, candy onions, italian eggplant, squash peppers, swiss chard, kale and collards., New blog post! Dr. George Friedhoff, Sports Medicine, offers his 5 key tips to preventing youth sports injuries for student athletes and parents. Read the full story at: http://bit.ly/1KpYZJN, Join us September 23rd at 3 p.m. as we conclude our yearlong 150th anniversary celebration with Mass at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist! Mass is open to all and will be celebrated by Bishop Richard G. Lennon.

We look forward to wrapping up a great anniversary year and honoring our founders –  the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine. For more information on our 150th anniversary, visit stv150.org., We're hiring! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has immediate openings for experienced behavioral health and chemical dependency nurses.

Learn more at our upcoming Behavioral Health Recruitment Event on Wednesday, September 23, 2015 at 4 p.m. Attendees will receive an overview of St. Vincent's behavioral health services, a free CEU session on electroconvulsive therapy, tours throughout the medical center and more.

For details, visit http://bit.ly/QVWTZq or to secure your spot now, email SVCMC.HR@stvincentcharity.com., We're hiring! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has immediate openings for experienced behavioral health and chemical dependency nurses.

Learn more at our upcoming Behavioral Health Recruitment Event on Wednesday, September 23, 2015. Attendees will receive an overview of St. Vincent's behavioral health services, a free CEU session on electroconvulsive therapy and tours throughout the medical center.

To secure your spot, email SVCMC.HR@stvincentcharity.com., null, Today's #TBT photos come from the St. Vincent Charity School of Nursing archives. These pictures feature our former nursing students and were taken between 1968-1969. #STV150, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has immediate openings for experienced behavioral health and chemical dependency nurses.

Interested in joining our team? Learn more at our upcoming Behavioral Health Recruitment Event on Wednesday, September 23, 2015. Attendees will receive an overview of St. Vincent's behavioral health services, a free CEU session on electroconvulsive therapy and tours throughout the medical center.

To secure your spot, email SVCMC.HR@stvincentcharity.com., In 1972, Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity received a $30,000 gift from Al Weatherhead and the Weatherhead Co. Pictured here in today’s #TBT photo is Sr. M. Victorine, CSA accepting the generous donation.

The following is an excerpt from Weatherhead’s book, “The Power of Adversity: Tough Times Can Make You Stronger, Wiser, and Better.”

“I’ve given money to the Rosary Hall Alcohol Rehabilitation Center in Cleveland, but far more meaningful to me in terms of gaining perspective on my adversity is the time I’ve spent there visiting those who are starting on the sober path that I currently walk. The act of love inherent in overcoming my inertia and separation from the world and visiting people who are currently where I’ve been strengthens me as much—or even more—than it strengthens them. During such visits I feel a surge of euphoria. I feel blessed.”, The Garden Boyz are at St. Vincent today from 2- 4 p.m. Stop by the front lawn of the hospital to pick up your fresh local produce for the holiday weekend!, Knee and Hip Revision Surgery at St. Vincent's: Experience, Team Approach Make all the Difference.

Dr. Bernard Stulberg, orthopedic surgeon, has specialized in total joint replacement and complex revision surgery for close to 35 years. Learn more about Dr. Stulberg in the latest issue of MD News where he discusses the cause of joint replacement failure and his unique approach to revision surgery: http://bit.ly/1KDtg8d, null, Check out the latest and greatest from around our neighborhood in this issue of the Campus District, Inc. E-news! Stories from St. Vincent Charity, Night Market Cleveland, NewBridge Cleveland, Cleveland State University and more.

View the September 1st issue at: bit.ly/1JvLswi, ICYMI – Nurse’s heroic actions save father and son.

There is a nurse hero among us at St. Vincent Charity! Janine Smalley recently pulled a man and his young son out of a car after it flipped in bad weather. Channel 3 was on hand last week when Dr. David Perse, President and CEO, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, presented Janine with the President’s Award for going above and beyond the call of duty.

Follow the link below for the full story and video from Dawn Kendrick Reporter at WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. http://www.wkyc.com/story/news/2015/08/28/nurses-heroic-actions-save-father-and-son/71293746/, Lunch on the lawn is well underway here at St. Vincent! We've got about 45 minutes left to go! Head on down to the front lawn of the hospital for some food truck eats and entertainment! #stv150, We’re hiring! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center currently has immediate openings for experienced behavioral health and chemical dependency nurses, in addition to the following positions:

St. Vincent Charity Surgery Center at Rockside
• RN, Rockside Road Outpatient Surgery Center (Part-time)
• Operating Room Tech, Rockside Outpatient Surgery Center, (Full-time)

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center – Main Campus
• Operating Room Tech, Surgery (PRN)
• RN, Surgery (Full-time)
• Operating Room Tech, Surgery (Full-time)
• RN, Cardiac Surgical Unit (Full-time)
• RN, Spine/Orthopedic (Full-time)
• RN, Geropsychiatry (Full-time, 3 positions to fill)
• RN, Med/Surg (Full-time)
• RN, Chemical Dependency (PRN)
• Documentation Improvement Specialist for Perioperative Services, Quality and Resource Management (Full-time)
• RN, Behavioral Health, Acute Stabilization (Full-time)

Join our team of Caregivers and apply online at: http://bit.ly/1zhIo2V, We’re hiring! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center currently has immediate openings for experienced behavioral health and chemical dependency nurses, in addition to the following positions:

St. Vincent Charity Surgery Center at Rockside 
• RN, Rockside Road Outpatient Surgery Center (Part-time)
• Operating Room Tech, Rockside Outpatient Surgery Center, (Full-time)

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center – Main Campus
• Operating Room Tech, Surgery (PRN)
• RN, Surgery (Full-time)
• Operating Room Tech, Surgery (Full-time)
• RN, Cardiac Surgical Unit (Full-time)
• RN, Spine/Orthopedic (Full-time)
• RN, Geropsychiatry (Full-time, 3 positions to fill)
• RN, Med/Surg (Full-time)
• RN, Chemical Dependency (PRN)
• Documentation Improvement Specialist for Perioperative Services, Quality and Resource Management (Full-time)
• RN, Behavioral Health, Acute Stabilization (Full-time)

Join our team of Caregivers and apply online at: http://bit.ly/1zhIo2V, Feel free to bask in the remaining days of summer with us this Friday at Lunch on the Lawn from 11am-2pm! We've got you covered with the St. V sunglasses and sunscreen 😎☀️

Stop by and support Cleveland's local food trucks -- Boca Loca Burrito Factory, The Nosh Box, P&J'S Lunchbox, DonutLabCleveland and Chill Pop Shop!

And live tunes from Cats On Holiday and Island Vibes Steel Drums!, The Garden Boyz are at St. Vincent today from 2- 4 p.m. Stop by the front lawn of the hospital to pick up your fresh produce for the weekend!, We are just one short week away from our Lunch on the Lawn event! 

Stop by St. Vincent Charity Friday, August 28th on your lunch break for some delicious local eats from Boca Loca Burrito Factory, The Nosh Box, P&J'S Lunchbox, DonutLabCleveland and Chill Pop Shop!

Cats On Holiday and Island Vibes Steel Drums will keep the crowd entertained as we soak up the last days of summer. And not to worry, there will be plenty of St. V sunglasses and sunscreen!, We are so excited to bring the food trucks to St. Vincent as we continue our 150th anniversary celebration! Join us for a community lunch on the lawn Friday, August 28th from 11 am - 2 p.m.

Kick back on the lawn and enjoy an afternoon of local eats and entertainment with live music, giveaways and more. Participating trucks include: Chill Pop Shop, The Nosh Box, P&J'S Lunchbox, Boca Loca Burrito Factory and DonutLabCleveland.

Musical entertainment provided by Cats On Holiday and Island Vibes Steel Drums!

Visit stv150.org for all the details. See you on the lawn!, Just in time for #TBT! Earlier today we came across this 1958 article from the Catholic Universe Bulletin featuring a St. Vincent Charity heart patient. The 19-year old patient donated an Infant of Prague statue to the hospital's cardiac unit after having a successful surgery. The statue has made it's way through different departments over the years, but it has found a home in our intensive care unit.

#STV150, We're bringing the food trucks to St. Vincent for a community lunch on the lawn Friday, August 28th 11 am - 2pm!

Join us for an afternoon of local eats and entertainment with live music, giveaways and more. Participating trucks include: Chill Pop Shop, The Nosh Box, P&J'S Lunchbox, Boca Loca Burrito Factory and DonutLabCleveland.

Visit stv150.org for more details. See you there!, We're celebrating our 150th anniversary with a lunch for every appetite on the front lawn of the hospital. With food trucks, music, giveaways and more. It’s our way of saying thank you to our dear friend of 150 years, the entire Cleveland community. 

Visit stv150.org for details., The first patient ledger books from when St. Vincent Charity opened are still preserved in the hospital’s archives. Take a look at page one from when the hospital first opened in October 1865.

#STV150 #TBT, Check out the news and information from Dr. David Perse, president and CEO of St. Vincent Charity.

https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/08/05/A-message-from-the-President-and-CEO.aspx, Obesity as a disease—
Addressing the underlying cause of many health conditions 
requires changing the conversation

Read the full story in the summer issue of Caritas, St. Vincent Charity's community newsletter: http://bit.ly/1KGzSUp

Stay connected and subscribe to the email edition of Caritas: http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt, Cleveland's next must-live neighborhood is the Campus District, Inc.! Learn more about the exciting developments happening in our neighborhood in this Fresh Water Cleveland article:, One patient's debilitating heel pain - and uplifting St. Vincent experience.

"Every person my husband and I encountered went out of their way to be helpful." When a Cleveland librarian was debilitated by heel pain, she turned to St. Vincent Charity for help. What she got in return was a hospital of open arms. Read the full story at: http://bit.ly/1U7L6Tn, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center celebrated the holiday season a little early this year with a Christmas in July event at the Norma Herr Women’s Shelter. Thanks to the generous donations from our caregivers, we were able to give 175 gift bags to the women at the shelter.

Read more in latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1In1ewn, Happy 219th birthday, Cleveland! 

St. Vincent Charity is proud to have served this great city and its people for 150 of those 219 years!, “There is a family-like environment here that allows patients to sense that they are important, that they are people; they are individuals that we are taking care of, not just a number.”

Dr. Robert McLain, orthopedic spine surgeon, discusses getting patients back to life, improving patient-physician communication and more in the video bio below.  

Hear more from our Spine and Orthopedic physicians at http://bit.ly/1emQwKl, Love is in the air at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! Yesterday evening one of our patients got engaged to her longtime boyfriend right here in the halls of our hospital.

Maria and Cody have been great friends for as long as they can remember and have been together as a couple for close to 5 years now. Recovering from back surgery with Dr. Stickney, Maria was taking a short walk through the hall to help build up her strength. When she returned to her room Cody was down on one knee and ready to pop the question!

On behalf of the entire St. Vincent Charity family, congratulations and best wishes to the happy couple!, Dr. Louis Keppler, Co-Director of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute at SVCMC, talks 3D models and technology in the operating room in the video bio below.

Hear more from our Spine and Orthopedic physicians at http://bit.ly/1emQwKl, Today's New York Times Magazine reports on Spike Nation. Dr. Leslie Koblentz responds to the use of synthetic marijuana and how it affects patients. https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/07/12/Synthetic-marijuana-use-an-increasing-problem.aspx, St. Vincent Charity physicians Dr. Leslie Koblentz and Dr. Matthew Levy were recently highlighted in the Cleveland Jewish News. Follow the links below to read more about their achievements: 

Dr. Leslie Koblentz, medical director of the psychiatric emergency department & chair of the department of psychiatry at SVCMC, named mental health professional of year by ADAMHS Board of Cuyahoga County: http://bit.ly/1dQGIaY

Dr. Matthew Levy installed president of The Academy of Medicine of Cleveland and Northern Ohio: http://bit.ly/1HiSmUC, These #tbt photos take you on a tour of St. Vincent Charity through our past 150 years. Browse through and click on the individual photos to see the year they were taken. #STV150

To learn more about St. Vincent Charity's rich history and the next 150 years, visit our anniversary website stv150.org., In her 30 years in health care, Elaine (a hip and knee patient) has worked for several organizations in #Cleveland—but she found the personal touch at St. Vincent Charity to be unique and it has kept her here both professionally and as a patient. 

Read more of Elaine's story at: http://bit.ly/1CpgcS4

Hear from Elaine's orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Audley Mackel, in his video bio at: http://bit.ly/1P38EEJ, null, Congratulations to Sister Judith Ann Karam, who was installed as board chair of The Catholic Health Association of the United States. https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/07/06/Sister-Judith-Ann-Karam-CSA-is-a-national-voice-in-Catholic-health-care.aspx, Happy Fourth of July from all of us at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! Have a safe holiday weekend!, Chronic pain from back, neck and joint injuries can interfere with our ability to function and connect with the world. 

The goal is simple: you want to feel better. The good news is we can help. The skilled hands, warm hearts, and friendly smiles of our renowned Spine and Orthopedic Institute team can get you there. Led by nationally recognized master surgeons, we have helped more than 30,000 people recover from injury and move beyond the pain associated with back, neck, joint and bone conditions. It’s what we call, care beyond medicine. 

Learn more by calling 888-709-9007 or visit http://bit.ly/1Kdrnhu, "I came to St. Vincent Charity because the mission melded well with my beliefs that I should be able to give good quality health care to people, whether they have the right insurance or not." -Dr. James Anderson, Neurosurgeon 

Hear more from our Spine and Orthopedic physicians at http://bit.ly/1emQwKl, Stay safe this holiday weekend and read through these fireworks safety tips provided by the St. Vincent Charity Wellness Committee: http://bit.ly/1o9l811, Back pain wasn’t going to end his dream of being a cop.
Watch Rob fight back and win.

Learn more about the Spine and Orthopedic Insitute at St. Vincent Charity: http://bit.ly/1Kdrnhu, Our experienced surgical weight loss team has helped more than 7,000 patients lose more than 700,000 pounds — and counting! 

If you’re like most of our patients, you’ve done your homework. You’ve thought about this for a long time. And chances are, you’re ready to take that first step toward your new life. 

Join us at our next free informational seminar on July 13th. To register, visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx or call 888-362-9732. To get started right away, view our online seminar: http://bit.ly/1duKqac, Education is a key part of staying healthy. Visit our health and wellness calendar to see a list of upcoming classes, support groups & FREE health screenings in the area: http://bit.ly/1b49jpp, When people are comfortable, they heal faster and achieve better outcomes. That’s why the spine and orthopedic unit at SVCMC looks and feels more like an upscale hotel. Each of our 21 private rooms features its own bath, wood and stone flooring, granite surfaces, flat-screen TVs, in-room dining and executive work stations with high-speed wireless internet access—all overlooking Cleveland’s downtown skyline.

Be our guest and visit http://bit.ly/1FDi5VK to take a virtual tour of the unit., Congratulations to all of St. Vincent Charity’s 2015 internal medicine, podiatry and dentistry graduating residents! 

Your smiling faces and energetic spirits will surely be missed by your fellow Caregivers. Best of luck to everyone in their future endeavors and don’t forget to stay in touch with your St. Vincent Charity family!, It’s Total Joint Tuesday. If you’re experiencing knee or hip pain, relief can be found here at St. Vincent Charity. 

Learn more about the advanced surgical techniques currently offered at SVCMC: http://bit.ly/1Hcbb0X, We extend our prayers and condolences today in memory of Clara Sittinger, an amazing nurse who had a front seat to the groundbreaking innovations happening in health care., As part of our 150th anniversary celebration, we're doing what we do best. Giving.

On May 3, more than 50 of our Caregivers and their families joined together to beautify the Campus District, Inc. Together we donated a collective 150 volunteer hours and over 2,000 pounds of dirt and debris were cleaned up and hundreds of flowers were planted in the neighborhood. Check out the video below to see our Caregivers in action!, Hard work on three. Together on six.

St. Vincent Charity caregivers and the entire city are #ALLinCLE. Let's go, Cavs!, The ladies of Suite 207 (aka Center for Bariatric Surgery) are #allinCLE and ready to cheer on the Cleveland Cavaliers!, Behavioral Health is #allinCLE! Go Cleveland Cavaliers!, Team Rosary Hall is #allinCLE for the Cleveland Cavaliers!, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is #allinCLE for the NBA Finals! We're cheering on our Cleveland Cavaliers! Go Cavs!, In celebration of the Cleveland Cavaliers kicking off the NBA Finals tonight, we had to throw it back to this great photo from the archives! Pictured here is the 1928 School of Nursing women’s basketball team at St. Vincent Charity.

#STV150 #AllinCLE, Happy #nationalrunningday! Our own Dr. George Friedhoff discusses how the right pair of shoes can prevent running injuries in a recent issue of MD News:  http://bit.ly/14qKGm6, We are proud to announce that we have earned The Joint Commission’s Gold Seal of Approval for Hospital Accreditation! Accreditation is a way of evaluating the quality and safety of our medical center, as well as the Rockside Surgery Center in Independence. The Gold Seal of Approval is a symbol of quality that reflects an organization’s commitment to providing safe and effective patient care.  

Read more in our latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1eLOHXQ, Congratulations to Randy McShepard on being named first African-American to president of the Union Club. We are grateful to have him on our board of directors.

http://www.cleveland.com/business/index.ssf/2015/05/randy_mcshepard_named_first_af.html, Dr. Robert McLain, orthopedic spine surgeon, discusses spine fusion on our blog. What is it and when is it right for you.
https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/05/22/Dr-Rob-McLain-discusses-spinal-fusion-What-is-it-and-when-is-the-right-choice.aspx, Happy EMS Week! Thank you to all EMS caregivers. We appreciate all that you do., “In the years since surgery I’ve been able to get back to running races, I even ran a 10k with my son in a stroller. Not only that, I've been able to get back to soccer, swimming—all the things I didn't know if I would be able to do again.” Craig Lyndall, Neck Patient at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center.

Watch Craig's full story at: http://bit.ly/1ENv2lN, We are so proud to announce that our own Dr. Leslie Koblentz has been named the Mental Health Professional of the Year by the ADAMHS Board of Cuyahoga County! 

Dr. Koblentz will be recognized this morning at the ADAMHS Board Annual Meeting. The ADAMHS Board annual awards recognize individuals and organizations for their exceptional work in Cuyahoga County’s behavioral health system.

Congratulations, Dr. Koblentz! This is a great honor and we are so proud of her accomplishment., The Comeback Kid—Sagamore Hills hockey player back on the ice with the help of Dr. George Friedhoff, sports medicine physician at the Spine and Orthopedic Institute. 

Read Christina's story of recovery at: http://bit.ly/1RJEIl0

Get to know Dr. Friedhoff by watching his video bio at: http://bit.ly/1EjicbO, We are so excited to be hosting New York Times bestselling and
local author Regina Brett today! Join us at 2 pm in the Chapel for Regina's talk about her new book, "God Is Always Hiring," and about finding your mission in life.

Tickets are still available online at http://bit.ly/1Jr1B7b. Receive a free copy of Regina's newest book "God Is Always Hiring" with every ticket purchase. 100% of the proceeds from the event will go to our psychiatric emergency department., Last chance to purchase tickets for our talk with author Regina Brett tomorrow at 2 pm! Receive a free copy of her newest book "God Is Always Hiring" with every ticket purchase. 100% of the proceeds will go to our psychiatric emergency department.

Regina will be available to answer questions and sign books at the event. To purchase tickets, visit—http://bit.ly/1Jr1B7b, null, Did you know 100% of the proceeds raised from our event with author Regina Brett will go to our psychiatric emergency department?

Register now! The first 150 ticket purchasers will receive a free copy of “God Is Always Hiring,” by Regina Brett. To purchase tickets, visit—http://bit.ly/1Jr1B7b

Regina will be available to answer questions and sign books at the event., Today is National Nurses’ Day! St. Vincent Charity's #NursesWeek celebration began Monday and will continue throughout the week. 

Thank you to ALL the SVCMC nurses for ALL that you do. Let us know which SVCMC nurse you would like thank in the comments below!, In celebration of #MentalHealth Month, we will be hosting author Regina Brett for a talk about her new book, “God Is Always Hiring" Tues, May 12 at 2 p.m. 100% of the funds raised will support our Psychiatric Emergency Room. 

Register now! The first 150 ticket purchasers will receive a free copy of “God Is Always Hiring,” by Regina Brett. To purchase tickets, visit our 150th anniversary site—http://bit.ly/1I9p7Xr

Regina will be available to sign books and answer questions at the event., Congratulations to Dr. Matthew Levy, newly installed president of The Academy of Medicine of Cleveland and Northern Ohio. https://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/05/05/Dr-Matthew-Levy-installed-as-the-2015-16-Academy-of-Medicine-of-Cleveland-Northern-Ohio-President.aspx, Tuesday, May 12th, at 2 p.m. we will be hosting New York Times bestselling and local author Regina Brett at an event open to the community to raise awareness of the warning signs and challenges of dealing with mental health issues. Regina will talk about her new book, "God Is Always Hiring," and about finding your mission in life. She will also sign and personalize books and answer your questions. 

The event coincides with National Mental Health Awareness Month and100% of the funds raised will support our Psychiatric Emergency Department.

Register now! The first 150 ticket purchasers will receive a free copy of “God Is Always Hiring,” by Regina Brett. To purchase tickets, visit our 150th anniversary site—stv150.org., Here's some of the coverage from Fox 8., This week, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center celebrates Nurses' Week! Here's a special Nurses' Week prayer that was shared with our Caregivers today.

NURSE’S PRAYER

Jesus, you are the Healer
who calls all nurses to serve and to care for people in your name.
As we carry out this holy ministry, be with us,
bless us with the wisdom of your Holy Spirit
and fill us with the compassion
that allows us to put the needs of those we serve before all else.
In the midst of this highly technological and often impersonal age
let us not forget that nursing is fundamentally about being with people in need.
It is about touch … a listening presence … a willing and compassionate heart
that sees beyond symptoms and signs of illness
to a person in need and to their community of concern.
Help us to embrace the charism that is nursing … to make it our own
and in so doing to bring your healing presence into the lives of people in need.
In your holy name we pray.
Amen.
‐ Jean deBlois 
Catholic Health Association, null, Wow! What a great day for our #STV150 Spring Cleanup! More than 50 of our Caregivers and their families joined together to beautify the Campus District, Inc. Together we donated a collective 150 volunteer hours as we cleaned up along East 30th St and Central Ave this morning. Thanks to all of our Caregivers who took the time out of their weekends to give back to our neighborhood!

Special thanks also goes to our friends at Wyse Advertising and the Campus District for your help planning and planting!, “I didn’t want to have back surgery and end up not being able to do this job—having to retire at 43. That wasn’t in the deck, I wasn’t going to play those cards yet.” -Rob Gaydosh, back patient at St. Vincent Charity

Watch Rob's story of recovery at: http://bit.ly/1DxjA6M, An important message from Cleveland Mayor Frank G. Jackson, Our master surgeons at the Spine and Orthopedic Institute are actively working to bring new medical technologies and procedures to our program to benefit patients in Cleveland and across the nation. 

Learn more about the Spine and Orthopedic Institute's latest partnerships and innovations at: http://bit.ly/1zk33YP, null, “Despite the fact it had been weeks since he last saw me, Dr. Friedhoff remembered all the little things about me and my life—things you don’t have in medical records.” -Beth Anderson, sports medicine patient at St. Vincent Charity

Read more of Beth's story at: http://bit.ly/1Ejecbk, Read more about our 4-star rating from CMS on our latest blog post.
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2015/04/24/St-Vincent-Charity-gets-4-star-rating-from-CMS.aspx, An Earth Day Prayer

Out of nowhere, the spark.
From nothingness, the immense somethingness.
Lord God, Creator of the Universe,
Hear our prayer, 
Witness our awe, 
Accept our thanks--
For this Earth on which we live and thrive;
For all that is, every element in Creation, 
Every plant and beast and insect,
Every person, in all times and places.
Out of your goodness and love, the Earth came to be.
Out of your everlasting power, 
Came the multiplicity of everything that is.

We pray, this day— 
Hold us accountable,
Guide us in your ways—
To protect, to serve, to hold precious
This glorious Earth in all its abundance.
Give us wisdom, that we may be faithful to your will.
Give us restraint in our use of resources;
That this Earth on which we live,
This earth, that you made and sustain, 
Will pass to our children, generation upon generation.
We pray in your Holy Name. AMEN., Proud to have received a 4-star rating!, Today was the official opening of the $1.5 million geriatric psychiatry unit at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. The new 16-bed unit will meet the increasing demand for behavioral health services for those 55+.

Learn more in our latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1ywtvhB, It’s opening day here in Cleveland and we've got a great view of Progressive Field! Let’s go Cleveland Indians!, At St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, our volunteers serve as an extension of our team of Caregivers. Check out these #tbt photos from 1970 of our volunteers in action!

#STV150, Wishing everyone a happy and blessed Easter from the entire team of Caregivers at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, Our President and CEO Dr. David Perse is panelist this morning at Cleveland State University Presidential Forum on Building STEMM Pipeline from School to Workplace at #CSUForum., Happy Doctors' Day! Today we celebrate our physicians for providing clinical excellence and human compassion to all of our patients. On this day and every day we recognize and celebrate your dedicated commitment and contribution to the healing mission of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center.

Which SVCMC doctor would you like to thank? Let us know in the comments below!, January 12, 1967 -- The image below shows Dr. Earle B. Kay (right) and fellow researcher Vernon D. Gebben, an engineer at NASA's Lewis Research Center, testing a control device Gebben designed for St. Vincent's medical research. The controller, worn by Gebben in the photo, drives a heart assist pump designed to take some of the work load off a failing heart. Photo courtesy of the Cleveland Memory Project.

#TBT #STV150, We are deeply saddened by the passing of Sister Mary Patricia Barrett, CSA. She started as a social worker at St. Vincent Charity and went on to found the Sisters of Charity Health System. Her life inspired many and she will be missed., It’s not too late to sign up for tonight’s free #bariatric surgery seminar! This informational seminar will take place at the DoubleTree Hotel in Westlake at 6 p.m. Learn more about weight loss surgery from our experts and get answers to any questions you may have. To register contact the Center for Bariatric Surgery at 216.592.2801 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, SUPER FOODS avenge free radical oxidation and inflammation to prevent heart disease, cancer, stroke and macular degeneration. 
No need to memorize the compound names and sources… they are simply found in the deep colors of fruits and vegetables:

  Red--raspberry, cherry, red cabbage, beet, tomato, red pepper, strawberry
 Orange--sweet potato, mango, cantaloupe, carrot, orange 
 Yellow--pineapple, yellow squash.  Also nuts, seeds and popcorn
 Green--spinach, collard greens, brussel sprouts, kale, snow   peas, fresh salad greens and herbs and even green tea.
 Blue--blueberry
 Indigo--blackberry, prune, raisins, black olive and dark red wine
 Violet--purple cabbage, black beans, fig, concord grapes and juice, null, The Cleveland International Film Festival begins today! We're pleased to be a sponsor for the fourth year in a row. This year we are sponsoring the film by Cleveland Nick Cavalier about Cleveland artist Derek Hess. The film will be shown on Friday, March 27 at The Cleveland Museum of Art and Saturday, March 28 at Tower City Cinemas. Hope to see you there! 

http://www.clevelandfilm.org/films/2015/forced-perspective, It's National Nutrition Month and here's some information about the importance of calcium. 

Calcium - Are you getting enough?

Calcium is important in metabolic function as well as in bone health.  Many Americans are just not getting enough in their diets.  Not getting enough calcium and Vitamin D can lead to osteoporosis as well other bone disorders.  Over 40 million Americans suffer from osteoporosis and the numbers are growing.  Getting enough calcium in your diet can help decrease your risk.

How much is enough calcium?

Women age 19-50                   should get between 1000 -2500 mg per day 
 Men age 19-50                       should get between 1000- 2500 mg per day
Women age 51-70                   should get between 1200-2000 mg per day    
Men age 51-70                        should get between 1000-2000 mg per day    
Men & Women age 71+          should get between 1200-2000 mg per day    
            
What are the best food sources of calcium?

Yogurt, 8oz.                                                   415 mg 
Mozzarella cheese,1.5oz.                               333 mg
Sardines canned in oil, 3oz.                           325 mg
Milk,8oz.                                                         299 mg
Orange juice fortified w/ calcium, 6oz.            261 mg
Canned Salmon, 3oz.                                     181 mg
Turnip Greens, ½ cup cooked                          99 mg
Kale, 1 cup cooked                                           94 mg

What if I don’t like any of the above foods, are supplements OK?

Food is the best source of nutrition, but if you are able to get some nutrients from food than supplements can help.  There are two main forms of calcium supplements, calcium carbonate and calcium citrate.  Of the two, calcium citrate is absorbed the best because it does not need stomach acid to be absorbed and can be taken with or without food.  Calcium can decrease absorption of some medications so take it at different time than your other medications and always consult a pharmacist or doctor when starting a dietary supplement. 

Get enough calcium and your bones will be happy. To find more about bone health and calcium these websites may be helpful:

www.bones.nih.gov, 
ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/Calcium 
www.cdc.gov/nutrition/everyone/basics/vitamins/calcium.html, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day! In celebration of our 150th anniversary, we spread some good cheer with patients and caregivers. Here's a little Irish blessing to boot. 

May your blessings outnumber
The shamrocks that grow,
And may trouble avoid you
Wherever you go., We've made some updates to our bariatric seminar calendar. Please be sure to check our website for updates. Meet one of our surgeons at our next seminar next Monday, March 23 at the Doubletree by Hilton in Westlake. This is the former Holiday Inn Westlake on Crocker Road. 

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/seminar-calendar/, We’re hiring! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center currently has an immediate need for the following positions:

- Nurse Practitioner, Behavioral Health (Full-time)
- Physician Assistant or Nurse Practitioner, Cardiovascular Services (Full-time)
- RN, PACU/Pre-Op, Rockside Surgery Center (PRN)
- RN, Cath Lab (Full-time)
- RN, Case Manager, Emergency Dept (Full-time)
- RN, Rosary Hall (PRN)
- Operating Room Tech, Rockside Road Surgery Center (PRN)
- Intake Coordinator, Behavioral Health (PRN)
- Social Worker, Behavioral Health (Full Time)
- RN, Acute Stabilization Behavioral Health (Full-time and Part-time)

Join our team of Caregivers and apply online at: http://bit.ly/1zhIo2V, NEW POST: St. Vincent Charity Development Foundation Welcomes New Leadership

We are excited to welcome Chief Development Officer Timothy G. O’Callahan and Senior Director of Development Vincent Farinacci to SVCMC. Learn more about our redesigned fundraising efforts as we celebrate our 150th anniversary at: http://bit.ly/1AdpJnc, Check out the vintage photo gallery of St. Vincent Charity posted today on the home page of cleveland.com. 

http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2015/02/vintage_st_vincent_charity_photos_a_look_back_as_the_hospital_turns_150.html#incart_gallery, NEW BLOG POST:  Earlier this month, representatives from Cuyahoga County Jail and Mental Health Court paid a visit to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center to learn more about our Emergency Psychiatric Services. Read more in our latest blog post at: http://bit.ly/1AqfDUq

The Psychiatric Emergency Department at St. Vincent Charity is one of only two in Ohio., The city of Cleveland has designated the following recreation centers as warming centers that will remain open until Saturday, February 21 at 8 p.m.

- Collinwood Recreation Center located at 16300 Lakeshore Avenue
- Zelma George Rec Center located at 3155 Marin L. King Blvd
- Thurgood Marshall Recreation Center located 8611 Hough Avenue
- Michael Zone Recreation Center located at 6301 Lorain Avenue

For more information, residents may call their neighborhood recreation center or call 664-2561., Temperatures are expected to plummet this evening and by morning we will have below zero temperatures with wind chills down to 25 degrees below zero. 

Protect yourself and your loved ones and check out this cold weather safety guide, courtesy of WKYC Channel 3 - Clevelandhttp://on.wkyc.com/1G4e534

Stay warm!, Mark your calendars—the first #diabetes support group of 2015 will be held February 26 from 9:30-11am at SVCMC. Guest speakers and discussions focus on the everyday ups and downs of living with diabetes.  
  
Support group is a free service offered by the Outpatient Diabetes Program. For additional information please call 216-363-2732. No appointment is necessary., Every month throughout our 150th anniversary year we are delivering small gifts to our patients and Caregivers. Today we handed out hot/cold packs to patients and each hospital department received heart shaped chocolates. #stv150

Happy Valentine’s Day!, During a recent visit to SVCMC, the friend and personal caregiver of a patient was pleased to find out that when they walked through our doors, she wasn’t the only person with the patient’s best interest in mind. They found that each individual they encountered delivered care with deep compassion and respect for their individual needs. “The expertise and outstanding kindness of each person who cared for us was monumental. It’s difficult to single out any one person, when all of the caregivers were Guardian Angels to us. What a place!”

Congratulations to the following nurses and doctors who were named Guardian Angels for making a significant difference during this patient’s hospital experience: Nancy, RN; Brigette, RN; Dr. Kimberly Nemeth; Allison, RN; Dr. Kate Wardega; Mary Kay, RN

Learn more about the Guardian Angel program at: http://bit.ly/1aut7gL, In 1972, Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity received a $30,000 gift from Al Weatherhead and the Weatherhead Co. Pictured here in today’s #TBT photo is Sr. M. Victorine, CSA accepting the generous donation.

The following is an excerpt from Weatherhead’s book, “The Power of Adversity: Tough Times Can Make You Stronger, Wiser, and Better.”

“I’ve given money to the Rosary Hall Alcohol Rehabilitation Center in Cleveland, but far more meaningful to me in terms of gaining perspective on my adversity is the time I’ve spent there visiting those who are starting on the sober path that I currently walk. The act of love inherent in overcoming my inertia and separation from the world and visiting people who are currently where I’ve been strengthens me as much—or even more—than it strengthens them. During such visits I feel a surge of euphoria. I feel blessed.”, Today we observe the 23rd World Day of the Sick, an observation introduced by Pope John Paul II in 1992 as a way to offer prayers for those suffering from illnesses. The day is an opportunity for those who serve in Catholic health ministry to reflect on caring for those who are sick as well as those who provide care to them.

At 1:00 p.m. today, thousands of people across the health ministry and beyond will stop for one powerful minute of prayer for those who are sick or injured, as well as their Caregivers.

Enjoy the prayer below provided by the Catholic Health Association of the United States., null, Earlier this week a few of our Caregivers noticed some snow piled up on the statue of Mary on the front lawn of the hospital. Many thought that the snow looked as if a child was up on Mary’s shoulders and took some photos of the interesting display. Enjoy and stay warm, everyone!, null, Education is a key part of staying healthy. Visit our health and wellness calendar to see a list of upcoming classes, support groups & FREE health screenings in the area: http://bit.ly/1b49jpp, null, St. Vincent Medical Group expands with 12 new physicians. Learn more about St. Vincent's newest physicians in our latest blog post:  http://bit.ly/1Bvl0AP, http://www.gastroendonews.com/ViewArticle.aspx?d=In%2Bthe%2BNews&d_id=187&i=January+2015&i_id=1143&a_id=29215, It’s not too late to sign up for tonight’s bariatric surgery seminar! This FREE informational seminar will take place at the Holiday Inn Cleveland Strongsville at 6 p.m. Learn more about weight loss surgery from our experts and get answers to any questions you may have. To register or learn more contact the Center for Bariatric Surgery at 216.592.2801., Our Caregivers will be providing free health screenings today at the Cleveland State University Wellfest. Stop by today from 10 a.m. - 2 p.m. in the Student Center Ballroom., In case you missed it – a must read for runners!

Dr. George Friedhoff, Sports Medicine at SVCMC, discusses how the right shoes can prevent running-related injuries in the latest issue of MD News: http://bit.ly/14qKGm6, Every month throughout our 150th anniversary year we are delivering small gifts to our patients and Caregivers. Today we handed out hand sanitizer/hand lotion gift sets to all patients and each hospital department received a festive bouquet of balloons. Happy 150th, St. Vincent! #stv150, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., St. Vincent Charity, Saint Ignatius joined by mission, purpose

Learn more about our partnership with Saint Ignatius High School in this Crain's Cleveland Business article: http://bit.ly/1ABqhUk, Today's #TBT photos come from the St. Vincent Charity School of Nursing archives. These pictures were taken between 1968-1969.

#STV150, Attention runners—this article is for you! 

Dr. George Friedhoff, Sports Medicine at SVCMC, discusses how the right shoes can prevent running-related injuries in the latest issue of MD News: http://bit.ly/14qKGm6, Meet our newest Guardian Angels—Chris Dooley, Kyle Seminatore, Donna Tizzano, and Dr. Bernard Stulberg! These individuals were recognized by a patient who was incredibly grateful for the care they received and specifically pointed out each of these Caregivers for being very nice, attentive, caring and kind. Their outstanding care exemplifies our mission to provide compassionate, high quality health care services to everyone who comes through our doors.

To make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity or to learn more, visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, Did you make a New Year’s resolution for 2015? If so, the Wellness Committee at St. Vincent Charity wants to help you stick with it! Each week in January the Wellness Committee will be sharing helpful tips for sticking with some of the more popular New Year’s resolutions. Up first is weight loss. Head on over to our blog to read through the tips: http://bit.ly/1A00NQq, Frigid temperatures call for hot soup! Stay warm and try out some of these EatingWell low-calorie soup recipes for your next meal: http://bit.ly/1BLJrsA, These #tbt photos take us outside St. Vincent Charity's original building, constructed in 1865. It was demolished in 1950 to make way for a new 112-bed facility facing Central Ave. that was completed in 1952. Photos courtesy of the Cleveland Memory Project.

#STV150, The city of Cleveland has designated four recreation centers to serve as warming centers for the public. Until further notice, Glenville, Zelma-George, Michael Zone, and Fairfax recreation centers will remain open 24 hours., Bundle up and stay safe, Cleveland!, Make 2015 your year to get healthy! If you’re considering weight loss surgery, our next bariatric surgery informational seminar is January 19th in Beachwood. Take the first step toward your new life and register today by calling 888-362-9732 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx.

Can’t attend a live seminar? No problem! Our online webinar allows patients to conveniently watch the seminar from the comfort of their home. View the online seminar at: http://bit.ly/1ufKsHM, Meet our newest Guardian Angel—Patty! A patient of Patty’s recently made a donation in her honor to thank her for providing the highest quality of care. The patient expressed thanks for the kindness and compassion they received during their stay. Patty’s service to her patients exceeds expectations and creates a positive environment for the healing of all that come through the doors at St. Vincent. Patty is pictured below on the left with her Nursing Director, Jody.

To make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity or to learn more, visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, Merry Christmas from all of us at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, null, We're throwing it back to the 1970s today! Check out some of these photos from St. Vincent Charity's Caregiver Christmas Dinner on December 17, 1970. #STV150, Tomorrow is our annual Christmas program at 2 pm in the Chapel. If you're in the downtown area, stop by and celebrate the holiday season with the Caregivers of St. Vincent Charity!, Enjoy some of the tree lighting photos from our photographer Rob Wetzler Studios., On Friday afternoon we blessed the new St. Vincent Charity Medical Office at Saint Ignatius High School. Special thanks to our donors: John P. Murphy Foundation and the Sisters of the Precious Blood for their incredible support of this project., null, We're pleased to be partners with Saint Ignatius High School on yet another project. We will be blessing a new medical office on Friday afternoon. This office will open January 6th and will include primary care, cardiology, podiatry and sports medicine. 

http://freshwatercleveland.com/devnews/stvincent120914.aspx, null, Enjoy some of the sights of our Christmas tree lighting last night. Thanks to Nathan Zegura for being our emcee, to Bishop Richard Lennon and Sister Marian Durkin for their inspiration and to Councilwoman Phyllis E. Cleveland, County Councilman Pernel Jones, State Rep-Elect Stephanie Howse and Mayor Frank Jackson for their incredible support. Special thanks to all our wonderful performers and to Meredith Camp Events, who did such a great job in helping us plan the event., Join us as we kick off the holiday season TONIGHT with Nathan Zegura, Senior Media Broadcaster, Cleveland Browns Radio Daily; The Honorable Frank G. Jackson; Councilwoman Phyllis E. Cleveland; The Most Reverend Richard G. Lennon, Bishop of Cleveland and Dr. David Perse, President and CEO of SVCMC.

Guests can enjoy children’s activities, hot beverages and snacks, holiday music, giveaways and, of course, the lighting of the tree!

For more information, visit: http://bit.ly/11tA7gp, During your time at St. Vincent Charity, was there a special Caregiver you counted on to brighten your day? Maybe your doctor, a friendly nurse or any other Caregiver who made a difference through their kindness and service.

The Guardian Angel program at SVCMC is a way to let that exceptional Caregiver know you noticed and are thankful for their service. In celebration of #givingtuesday, consider making a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel: http://bit.ly/1aut7gL, Many thanks to Boyles Evergreen Tree Farm in Kinsman, Ohio for donating the tree for the front lawn of St. Vincent Charity! We are so grateful for their generous donation. Be sure to join us Wednesday for the official lighting of this beautiful tree! For more information, visit http://bit.ly/11tA7gp, null, Join us as we continue our 150th anniversary celebration with a special tree lighting ceremony on December 3rd. Throughout the ceremony guests can enjoy roaming entertainment and performances by:

• Cleveland Metropolitan School District All-City Choir
• Fuller Sounds Handbell Ensemble of Rocky River Methodist Church
• The Singing Angels Performing Chorus
• Saint Ignatius High School Circus Company
• Saint Ignatius High School Drum Line
• Mrs. Claus and Mr. Mint Stilt Walkers
• Saint Paschal Baylon Rascals

For more information, visit: http://bit.ly/11tA7gp, This Thanksgiving, we are thankful for our patients, friends, supporters and community. On behalf of everyone at St. Vincent Charity, Happy Thanksgiving!

A special note of thanks to our Caregivers who are spending their holiday caring for our patients., Lighten up your Thanksgiving meal and try out some of these healthy updates to classic dishes from EatingWell. 

View the recipes at: http://bit.ly/11SuOsb, Join us as we continue our 150th anniversary celebration with a special tree lighting ceremony on December 3rd. Throughout the ceremony guests can enjoy roaming entertainment and performances by:

• Cleveland Metropolitan School District All-City Choir
• Fuller Sounds Handbell Ensemble of Rocky River Methodist Church
• The Singing Angels Performing Chorus
• Saint Ignatius High School Circus Company
• Saint Ignatius High School Drum Line
• Mrs. Claus and Mr. Mint Stilt Walkers
• Saint Paschal Baylon Rascals

For more information, visit: http://bit.ly/11tA7gp, The Bridgeport Mobile Market will be back at SVCMC TODAY from 1:45-3 pm! Stop by for fresh, local fruits, veggies & baked goods. The market accepts cash, credit/debit and EBT direction card. An easy, convenient way to shop for local produce! For more information visit: http://bit.ly/1vwrTCv, Need health insurance? #GetCovered today. A navigator is available at St. Vincent Charity to help individuals and families get or renew coverage.

Call 216-206-6419 to make an appointment. Our Navigator is available Monday, Wednesday and Thursday from 10 am - 4 pm., null, Oh, Christmas Tree! Join us as we continue our 150th anniversary celebration with a special tree lighting ceremony on December 3rd. Guests can enjoy children’s activities, hot beverages and holiday snacks, holiday music, giveaways, fireworks and, of course, the lighting of the tree!

For more information, visit: http://bit.ly/11tA7gp, Open enrollment of the Health Insurance Marketplace begins tomorrow—are you covered? The Northeast Ohio Outreach & Enrollment Council will have counselors available throughout NEO on Saturday, November 15, 2014 to help individuals and families get or renew coverage.

SVCMC will have a navigator on site throughout the enrollment period to help people learn their options for health insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace. The navigator will be available on the following days:

November 20th: 9 am – 4 p.m.
November 25th: 9 a.m. – 4 p.m.
December 2nd - 5th: 10 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Beginning December 8th and through the remainder of the enrollment period: Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays 10 a.m. – 4 p.m. 

To schedule an appointment, call 216.206.6419., In observation of Diabetes Month, the Diabetes Education Program at SVCMC would like to debunk some common myths surrounding the disease. 

Myth or Fact: People with diabetes should not eat carbohydrates. This is a myth. 

The foods we eat are made up of three nutrients—carbohydrates, fats and proteins. Carbs are needed to give the body energy. They contain vitamins, minerals and fiber. However, carbs do make the blood glucose (sugar) rise, so people with diabetes need to monitor their portion sizes. Using the plate method is one way for people with diabetes to control portion sizes., A great #VeteransDay story from the Salamanca Press about Helen Bierfeldt, veteran and graduate of St. Vincent Charity's School of Nursing: http://bit.ly/1qCTrhZ, We’re hiring! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center currently has an immediate need for the following positions:

- RN, Chemical Dependency (PRN)
- Nursing Supervisor (Part-time)
- RN, Critical Care/IT Educator (Full-time)
- Nurse Manager, Outpatient Surgery Center at Rockside (Full-time)
- RN, Geriatric Psychiatry (Full-time)
- RN, Outpatient Oncology (Full-time)

Join our team of Caregivers and apply online at: http://bit.ly/1zhIo2V, Thank you to all of those past and present who serve our country. Today, and everyday, we salute you.

Happy Veterans Day!, November is Diabetes Awareness Month. 

29.1 million people in the United States have diabetes and 86 million are at risk for developing diabetes. Are you at risk? Take this short quiz from the American Diabetes Association to find out and learn ways to lower your risk: http://bit.ly/1120MSn #DiabetesMonth, Dr. Earle Kay, cardiac surgeon at St. Vincent Charity, partnered with Dr. Frederick Cross, cardiac surgeon at St. Luke’s Hospital, to develop the Kay-Cross heart lung machine in the 1950s. The machine takes the place of both the heart and lungs during surgery, allowing the surgeon to work on the heart without inference from its normal contraction and expansion.

The medical world responded to this development with excitement and enthusiasm. Doctors from around the world came to St. Vincent Charity to learn how to use the machine. #TBT #STV150, Roland Burke volunteers his professional skills to help plant operations

Learn more about Roland and his volunteer role at St. Vincent Charity in the latest issue of Caritas: http://bit.ly/1vK2NKn, Don't forget! SVCMC Caregivers will be providing free flu shots today at Vote and Vaccinate – an annual event hosted by The Academy of Medicine of Cleveland & Northern Ohio. 

Stop by Marion-Sterling Elementary School (3033 Central Avenue, Cleveland) anytime today from 9am-2pm to get your flu shot. #FocusonFlu, Need a flu shot? SVCMC Caregivers will be providing free flu shots tomorrow at Vote and Vaccinate – an annual event hosted by The Academy of Medicine of Cleveland & Northern Ohio. Stop by Marion-Sterling Elementary School anytime tomorrow from 9 am - 2pm to get your flu shot. Marion-Sterling is located at 3033 Central Avenue.

#FocusOnFlu, It’s time to #FocusonFlu!
 
Join us on election day for the Vote and Vaccinate program at Marion-Sterling Elementary School. On Tuesday, Nov. 4th we will be offering free flu shots to children and adults from 9 am – 2pm. Marion-Sterling is located at 3033 Central Avenue., Getting a flu shot isn't scary. If you don't believe us, listen to our kids. Happy Halloween! #Focusonflu, Learn the difference between a cold and the flu. Get vaccinated. #focusonflu, Area hospitals, city and public health tam up to Focus On Flu! 

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/10/30/Area-hospitals-and-public-health-team-up-to-Focus-on-Flu.aspx, Watch Dr. David Perse give his toast to officially kick off the 150th anniversary year! 

http://youtu.be/mRNHaceXMyc, Our next bariatric surgery informational seminar is November 3rd at the Center for Bariatric Surgery. Take the first step toward your new life and register today by calling 888-362-9732 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx.

Can’t attend a live seminar? No problem! Our new online webinar allows patients to conveniently watch the seminar from the comfort of their home. View the online seminar at: http://bit.ly/1ufKsHM, Good luck to area school athletes this weekend!

Reminder: If injuries occur, our Bump Clinic is available for walk-in appointments from 10 a.m. to noon tomorrow in Independence., “As most people know, Cleveland has an abundance of healthcare institutions. But this medical center really focuses on the basic needs, the chronic needs that people have in this community.” 
-Mel Pye, Chairmain, SVCMC Board of Directors

Hear more in our 150th anniversary video at http://bit.ly/1pIjCn3, Don’t forget the Downtown Farmers' Market has moved into the 5th Street Arcades for the season! Stop by today from 11-2 for your fresh, local produce and goods and learn how to make turnip soup with Chef Parker Bosley. Free cooking demonstration and samples noon - 1 pm., null, If you’re a fan of The Knick, you might think these pictures were taken straight off the show! For today’s #TBT, check out some of these photos from St. Vincent Charity in the early 1900s. We believe these are past medical students. #STV150, Don't forget --Cuyahoga Community College's "Behind the Headlines" panel discussion on the heroin epidemic is today at noon. Rosary Hall's Dr. Ted Parran will be on the panel of experts answering questions about the drug’s growing use, its effect on communities and the action plan developed to find solutions.

This event is free and open to the public. To learn more visit: http://bit.ly/1s9r7TE, Cuyahoga Community College's ‘Behind the Headlines’ Series Turns Attention to Northeast Ohio’s Heroin Epidemic.

The free program — scheduled for noon to 1:30 p.m. tomorrow, Oct. 23, at Tri-C’s Metropolitan Campus Theatre — features a panel discussion that will focus on the drug’s growing use, its effect on communities and the action plan developed to find solutions. Our very own Dr. Ted Parran, Co-Medical Director of Rosary Hall, will be featured on the panel of experts.

The program is open to the public. To learn more visit: http://bit.ly/1s9r7TE, Check out our 150th anniversary video! 
http://youtu.be/mL9M_AElmIo, In case you missed the moment we kicked off our 150th anniversary last night, here's a short video courtesy of our event planner., In collaboration with public health officials, a team led by Infection Control and Richard Chmielewski, MD, Infectious Disease, has been following CDC guidelines in preparation for Ebola patients.

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/10/17/St-Vincent-Charity-Medical-Center-Ebola-Preparedness.aspx, Share the facts about Ebola. https://fbcdn-photos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/v/t1.0-0/10511166_10152556774846026_5132883789329896058_n.jpg?oh=9d82f76d3727708c76bc9858a7620589&oe=54C010B5&__gda__=1421833184_1edc018a03c97f95bdbe38cc510abd1c, It's our last #STV150 #TBT! But don't worry, we still have plenty of historical images that we'll be posting throughout the 150th anniversary celebration. 

For today's #STV150 #TBT we're sharing a collection of photos from the SVCMC archives., October 25, 1985 – Arthur Steffee, M.D., chief of orthopedics at St. Vincent Charity, performs the first vertebral implant in the country. He uses a metal and plastic replacement, which he designed himself, to take the place of the diseased bone that is removed. Dr. Steffee goes on to form Acromed, which he later sells to DePuy in 1998 for $325 million. #STV150, The property on which St. Vincent Charity Medical Center still sits was purchased for $10,000. The initial hospital cost $72,000 of which $42,000 was raised from the primarily Protestant Cleveland community.

#STV150, We're so proud of our Chief Financial Officer John Rusnaczyk. He's been named a finalist for 2014 Crain's CFO of the Year. 
http://www.crainscleveland.com/article/20141010/CFO14/310129989/john-rusnaczyk, Good luck to area school athletes this weekend! 

Reminder: If injuries occur, our Bump Clinic is available for walk-in appointments from 10 a.m. to noon tomorrow., Happy 149th Birthday, St. Vincent Charity! 

On October 10, 1865, exactly 149 years ago, St. Vincent Charity opened it's doors as Cleveland's first private hospital. With one week to go until our anniversary year kickoff at Pizzazz, we celebrated by handing out 150th goodies to our patients and Caregivers! #STV150, Now here's a familiar face! Pictured in today's #TBT photo from 1994 is Dr. Joseph Sopko, Chair of the Department of Medicine and Vice President of Medical Affairs at SVCMC. Dr. Sopko is pictured next to one of the SVCMC's first hyperbaric oxygen therapy chambers. 

Today, SVCMC has three computerized hyperbaric treatment chambers that are used to care for a variety of illnesses and injuries.

#STV150, November 21, 1961 -- On a cold and dreary day, ground was broken for the ambitious expansion plan at St. Vincent Charity. Pictured here is Sister M Ursula, CSA, Hospital Administrator. To her right is Senator Thomas A Burke President of Hospital Advisory Board, Second Row Rev. Humensky, Bishop Whealon Rev. Murney.

#STV150, Congratulations to our class of 2014 residents on 100% passage of the American Board of Internal Medicine exam!  http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/10/08/Internal-Medicien-residents-achieve-100-passage-rate-on-board-exams.aspx, Just in time for #PAweek – We are pleased to share that Emergency Department Medical Director, Dr. Carla O'Day, is the recipient of the Ohio Association of Physician Assistants 2014 Hudson Award! The award is given to an individual who is considered to be outstanding based on deeds and actions promoting the physician assistant (PA) profession in Ohio.

Congratulations, Dr. O'Day! Learn more about Dr. O'Day's award at: http://bit.ly/1vN9TBs, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's Core Values:

Respect: We serve in an atmosphere of mutual respect and fairness, treating each person with reverence and dignity that recognizes each individual’s contribution.

Integrity: We hold ourselves accountable for our actions and are honest and ethical in all our dealings.

Quality: We are committed to continuous improvement of our services to better each life as if it were our own.

Teamwork: We celebrate the opportunity to come together as Caregivers in an inclusive workplace where diversity and open communication are valued.

#STV150, We are pleased to share that we have two new Guardian Angels to report! Congratulations to Christine Cortes, S.A., and Dr. Robert Steele, for being recognized as Guardian Angels by grateful patients!

The Guardian Angel program offers patients a way to make a donation to SVCMC in honor of a special Caregiver who made a difference during their stay. To make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity or to learn more, visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

"I started out as a Student Nurse Intern in 2005, and I fell in love with SVCMC. Everyone was nice to me and it was like family. I loved that it was small and that everyone knew each other. I graduated nursing school in 2006, but I owed another hospital a 2 year work requirement, but as soon as I had been an RN for one year I returned to what felt like home as a PRN RN. I now work full time for SVCMC in the Quality Management department as a Utilization Management Nurse; I have literally “grown up” in my career at this hospital. I am very happy that I found this place and I am even happier that I really enjoy what I do!"

-Stephanie Caldwell, Quality Management, #TBT to 1951 during the construction of what would be St. Vincent Charity's main hospital building. Construction was completed in 1952. The original building still stands today and is now administrative offices. 

#STV150, October 1, 1894 -- St. Vincent Charity gives notice of the opening of a free dispensary in connection with the hospital. The dispensary would be equipped with all of the necessary paraphernalia for the treatment of diseases and would provide medical services and prescriptions to the poor free of charge.

#STV150, In August 2011, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's Holy Trinity Chapel was a location for a scene in the movie, "I, Alex Cross." The movie, based on James Patterson's novel, "Cross," stars Tyler Perry, Ed Burns, Matthew Fox and Jean Reno. We were pleased to host Director Rob Cohen, actors Tyler Perry and Ed Burns, and a crew of about 100.

View our behind the scenes photos at: http://on.fb.me/10l16Lk

Did you spot the Holy Trinity Chapel in the movie? #STV150, So pleased to present our 150th anniversary website. Check out www.stv150.org. Share your stories, interact with our historical timeline, get information about upcoming anniversary events AND support our mission! #STV150, Looking forward to celebrating with our PAs! , There's still time to sign up for tonight's FREE bariatric seminar held here at our offices. Call 888-362-9732 to register., Good luck to area school athletes this weekend. Reminder: If injuries occur, our Bump Clinic is availble for walk-in appointments from 10 a.m. to noon tomorrow., #TBT to 1958 at St. Vincent Charity's Continental Carnival -- a three-day fundraising event for the hospital #STV150, Take a look at this then & now comparison of what used to be the hospital’s main entrance on Central Ave. The top photo is a scene from the 1966 movie “The Fortune Cookie,” which was filmed at St. Vincent Charity. 

#STV150 #TBT, The Feast of St. Vincent de Paul--our patron and the saint of the city occurs on Saturday, September 27th, but we will be celebrating today with a special meal and Mass in Holy Trinity at 2 p.m. Join us if you can. Happy Feast Day!, In December 1952, Rosary Hall was founded at St. Vincent Charity by Sister Mary Ignatia Gavin, CSA, after she had been transferred from St. Thomas Hospital in Akron, the birthplace for Alcoholics Anonymous. 

Today, Rosary Hall’s innovative efforts continue to be fueled not only by decades of proven experience in treating more than 60,000 men and women, but also by the compassion that is a hallmark of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center #STV150, Don't forget, you can register to vote today between 11-1:30 p.m. in our cafeteria. , Take a virtual tour of our Spine and Orthopedic Institute inpatient unit on Total Joint Tuesday. 
http://youtu.be/BpYZC0X6kIw?list=UU3DH0A78pOhWLC-RWTjaoaA, We're celebrating National Rehabilitation Awareness Week, designed to salute our therapists who help people with disabilities -- physical therapists, occupational therapists and speech pathologists. Thanks for all you guys do for our patients., It's Total Joint Tuesday at St. Vincent Charity, when our surgeons are busy with joint replacement surgery. What can you expect on Day 1 after your joint replacement surgery? You will be up and moving -- to the rehab gym, to the bathroom. Our Total Joint Classes held on the first and third Mondays of the month will prepare you and your families well for your surgery. If you are a total joint patient, call 888-362-9732 to register., We were proud to be a sponsor of this year's walk! , Key to keeping weight off? Exercise--every day. Find something you enjoy doing and make it a habit. www.stvincentcharity.com/onlineseminar., null, Oct. 6 is deadline to register to vote in Ohio. Register in our cafeteria between 11-1:30 tomorrow., If you’ve encountered some roadblocks on the way to your #weightloss goal, let us help you get Back on Track. Back on Track is a series of classes for individuals who have already undergone #bariatric surgery. First class will be held September 30th at Center for Bariatric Surgery. 

Register today by calling 216.592.2819., 1960 -- Sr. Ursula Stepsis, CSA, greets visitors at what was then the hospital’s main entrance facing Central Ave  #STV150, SVCMC's 150th anniversary kick off is just under a month away! Have you seen the #STV150 video yet? Help us spread the word about this milestone anniversary—like and share this video with family and friends! 

http://bit.ly/1hyNVOs, The Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC now offers a free online seminar, allowing those interested to learn more about weight loss surgery from the comfort of their own home.

Dr. Craig Eyman helps patients to understand the condition of obesity, the treatment options and other medical aspects of bariatric surgery. Patients also get to hear from a patient who had surgery discuss how she made her decision and what her experience was like.

Take the first step toward your new life and watch the new online seminar today: http://bit.ly/1ufKsHM, SVCMC Bump Clinic opens this Saturday from 10 a.m. - Noon at Rockside Imaging Center, 4400 Rockside Road. Dr. George Friedhoff, sports medicine physician, will be available for walk-in appointments for concussion testing, and treatment of sprains, strains and fractures., #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

"I have been working at St. Vincent Charity for almost 18 months. I work on the administration side of the hospital, but I really like the fact that we are all called Caregivers and not employees. The mission that we are carrying out and God’s ministry of healing is so prevalent throughout the hospital. One of my favorite memories is from my first day of orientation. All of the new Caregivers attended a ceremony in the hospital’s beautiful chapel, where we had our hands blessed.” – Helen, Office of Graduate Medical Education

More of Helen’s #STV150 memory at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, Our Campus District, Inc. neighbor, Cleveland State University, is celebrating their 50th anniversary! Don’t miss the #CLEstate50 block party beginning today at 4 pm--there will be live music, food trucks and fireworks!

Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1yjtJaQ, A collection of photos from the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center archives. #STV150 #TBT, Our #STV150 countdown has hit the 1 month mark and Pizzazz is right around the corner! Join us on October 18th at Public Auditorium as we launch the celebration of SVCMC's 150th anniversary. Purchase your individual tickets or sponsorships by visiting: http://bit.ly/1qhBnIA, In January 1956, the first open-heart surgery in the Midwest was performed at St. Vincent Charity by Dr. Earle B. Kay. The surgery used the Cleveland-developed heart lung machine known as the Kay-Cross Heart Lung Machine—designed by Dr. Earle B. Kay and Dr. Fred S. Cross. A 6-year-old girl was the pioneer open-heart surgery patient. #STV150, Parents of school athletes...introducing our new Bump Clinic, which opens on Saturday from 10 a.m.-Noon at Rockside Imaging Center, 4400 Rockside Road. Dr. George Friedhoff, sports medicine physician, will be available for walk-in appointments for concussion testing, and treatment of sprains, strains and fractures. 
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/09/17/Saturday-Bump-Clinic.aspx, An update from our President and CEO, Dr. David Perse.
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/09/16/From-the-President-and-CEO.aspx, Did you know? St. Vincent Charity Medical Center was the first hospital in Cleveland to live tweet and broadcast a surgery. In partnership with the Northeast Ohio Media Group, 3,874 people tuned in to watch a live knee replacement surgery on November 19, 2013. #STV150

View the full surgery video and read about the patient’s journey online at: http://bit.ly/1kW1WB6, In 2012, computerized physician order entry (CPOE) was implemented across the hospital as St. Vincent Charity worked toward meeting Stage 2 Meaningful Use for electronic health record.

#STV150, We recently received a copy of the December 2001 edition of Pacemakers, St. Vincent Charity’s Caregiver newsletter. Flipping through the pages, we see lots of familiar names! Pacemakers is still produced monthly for the Caregivers at SVCMC. #STV150, If you’ve encountered some roadblocks on the way to your #weightloss goal, let us help you get Back on Track. Back on Track is a series of classes for individuals who have already undergone #bariatric surgery. First class will be held September 30th at Center for Bariatric Surgery—register now to reserve your spot!, St. Vincent Charity published its 45th annual report in 1910. In celebration of #TBT, check out some of the advertisements that were included in that report. #STV150, From the SVCMC archives: Take a peek inside the May 3, 1964 issue of The Plain Dealer, which featured an article on the Women's Guild at St. Vincent Charity. The Women's Guild pledged $100,000 toward the hospital's new building--completed in September 1965. 

#TBT #STV150, September 9, 1964 -- Auxiliary Bishop Clarence E. Elwell blessed the cornerstone for St. Vincent Charity's new $4 million building before it was hoisted into place. Assisting the bishop is Father A. James Quinn, assistant chancellor. 

#STV150, September 1965 – St. Vincent Charity celebrates centennial anniversary with new building and expanded services.
 
The new facility included an emergency department, two floors of patient rooms and a psychiatric division for mental health patients. The building’s showpiece was the fifth floor heart pavilion, designed and equipped for the treatment of cardiovascular disease. This new building completed phase II of the hospital’s expansion plan. Phase I, completed in 1963, included a boiler plant, laundry and maintenance departments, an X-ray division and research department.

#STV150, The Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC now offers a free online seminar, allowing those interested to learn more about weight loss surgery from the comfort of their own home.

Dr. Craig Eyman helps patients to understand the condition of obesity, the treatment options and other medical aspects of bariatric surgery. Patients also get to hear from a patient who had surgery discuss how she made her decision and what her experience was like.

Take the first step toward your new life and watch the new online seminar today: http://bit.ly/1ufKsHM, https://www.facs.org/media/press-releases/2014/bariatric0914
St. Vincent Charity is an American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery Bariatric Surgery Center of Excellence. , "That's what makes St. Vincent Charity a special place--the hospital's commitment to quality and innovation."

Angela Hocevar, Radiologic Technologist, began her career at St. Vincent Charity in 1962 as a radiology student. Angela recounts the technological changes she's seen in her years at SVCMC in this week's #STV150 Caregiver Memory. Read Angela's story at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, Today's #TBT goes back to 1990, when St. Vincent Charity was celebrating 125 years of service to Cleveland. Take a look at one of the prayer cards from the anniversary celebration. #STV150, http://www.clinicalendocrinologynews.com/single-article/successful-bariatric-surgery-also-may-improve-urinary-incontinence/e72f0f85a86eb3b686a590e0903979e9.html, In 1965, Louis B. Seltzer, editor of the Cleveland Press newspaper, wrote a column about St. Vincent Charity called, "From an old window, a treasured, exciting view." Here are some excerpts from that article:
"Framed in this window is a city. It is, of course, only one facet of the city...but the Terminal Tower seems so close; one could reach a finger out of the window in Room 359 and touch it. ... It is a wonderful picture in that window. It is a symbol of a city, past, and present, and future... (The window) became part of a tiny hospital whose purpose was to serve human beings in the downtown section of Cleveland and never at any time to distinguish among them for race, or color, or religion, or whether there was nothing in a pocket or a million dollars in the bank....The city grew...It became a great, thriving, noisy, complex metropolis, and closed in around the hospital on all sides. The hospital grew... (yet) it adhered resolutely to the vision, which brought it into being--to be the hospital in the heart of the city....Never has St. Vincent Charity been without a challenge to keep going...It is an unusual place of mercy and ministration...a refuge for all men and women, of all faiths, of all colors, of all positions, of all ailments. There is none quite like it." #STV150, With the start of fall high school sports tonight, we are pleased to welcome Dr. George Friedhoff, who is fellowship-trained in sports medicine. Dr. Friedhoff will be seeing patients at our 6701 Rockside location during the week. Beginning Saturday, Sept. 20, we will also offer a Bump Clinic for school athletes at our Rockside Imaging Location (4400 Rockside) on Saturday mornings from 10 to noon. Call 216-676-1234 for information., We are so pleased to welcome, Dr. James Anderson to our St. Vincent Charity family. Dr. Anderson is board-certified in neurosurgery and will be seeing patients are Rockside and Main Campus locations. His interests include minimally invasive lumbar spine work for discs, decompressions and fusions, and well as complex cervical spine and craniocervical junction expertise. His office can be reached by calling 440-746-1055., On August 14, 2003, the eastern seaboard of the United State experienced a major blackout. This photo of Dr. Adnan Tahir caring for a patient in the Emergency Department appeared in Time magazine. Dr. Tahir served as the Chief Medical Officer at the time. #TBT, Columnist Regina Brett wrote an important column in a recent issue of the Cleveland Jewish News about importance of better help for mental health. 
http://www.clevelandjewishnews.com/opinion/columnists/regina_brett/article_ba2812a6-27d9-11e4-addd-001a4bcf887a.html, Dr. Chandra Hassan, medical director of the Center for Bariatric Surgery, is in Montreal and will be presenting a video on Friday at the IFSO14 World Congress about a patient he converted from a vertical band to a gastric bypass as part of larger discussion on revisional surgery. The presentation takes place at the International Federal of Surgery for Obesity and Metabolic Disorders. www.ifso2014.com., As the Blue Angels rumble around downtown Cleveland in preparation for the Cleveland Air Show at Burke Lakefront Airport, we're sharing a quote from former Cleveland Mayor Thomas A. Burke, for whom the airport is named. In an open letter to Cleveland in 1950 he wrote: "Charity Hospital must be maintained if for no other reason than the fact that it alone stands ready day and night to meet whatever emergency may befall you or me and the hundreds of thousands of others who daily crowd into the downtown sector...Charity Hospital is just as necessary to downtown Cleveland as a fire station." #STV150, We recently received a copy of the capabilities brochure from the 1964 capital campaign to build the existing patient tower. The opening letter from Cyril F. O'Neil, chair of the Advisory Board, sounded a familiar refrain we thought worth sharing today. #STV150, null, Dr. Mike Canales' family is featured in the latest edition of People Magazine. Check it out!, Today's #STV150 Caregiver Memory comes from Jennifer Kenney, Residency Coordinator, Office of Graduate Medical Education. What a great story, thank you for sharing with us, Jennifer!

"Nearly thirteen years ago a country mouse became a city mouse. I was the country mouse and Cleveland was the place that citified me. When I moved to Cleveland I lived, played, and worked downtown.I chose St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and Dr. Adnan Tahir to care for my medical needs. Dr. Tahir and his medical staff truly made me feel as if I belonged here. I eventually found myself living, playing, and working in the eastern suburbs and, only for the sake of convenience, sought healthcare closer to my home. 

Fast forward eleven years and I am living in Medina and working at Kaiser Permanente. In light of a longer commute and a desire to pay less at the gas pump, I traded in my gas guzzling Jeep Grand Cherokee for a PT Cruiser. As I was test driving the car, the salesman shared with me that the car had been gently used by only one previous owner, his mother-in-law. He joked that the miles on the odometer were accumulated from her many trips to and from SVCMC, where she was an avid volunteer.

You’ve probably heard it said that “all roads lead to Rome.” In my experience, all roads lead me to SVCMC. In February of this year my five month bout of unemployment ended when I accepted the position of Residency Coordinator in the Office of Graduate Medical Education here at SVCMC. I’m so happy to be serving/working here and for the opportunity to become intimately acquainted with downtown Cleveland again. I get here every day in the PT Cruiser, who strangely seems to navigate here without needing much assistance from me :)", Today's #TBT photos take us back to the 1960s. Take a look inside a patient room and inside the kitchen at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. 

#STV150, August 1952 - A new two-way communication system was installed at St. Vincent Charity, allowing for improved communication between nurses and patients. Sister Callista, CSA, demonstrates the new system in this photo. 

#STV150, Did you know? The clinical team on the Spine and Orthopedic Institute inpatient unit received customer service training from the Ritz-Carlton. The Caregivers pride themselves on outstanding customer service and patient satisfaction results. Spine and Orthopedic patients who have surgery at our downtown campus enjoy our unique, technically advanced and dedicated inpatient unit that looks more like an upscale hotel room than a hospital room.

#STV150, August 27th, 1987 – St. Vincent Charity became the first hospital in the area to perform laser arterial surgery. Dr Rais Beg performed the procedure on a 70-year-old woman with blocked coronary arteries. The laser procedure offered a shorter hospital stay compared with conventional surgical procedures at the time.

#STV150, August 1959 – Three of St. Vincent Charity’s heart specialists were awarded research grants from the Cleveland Area Heart Society totaling $16,500.

Dr. Earl B. Kay was awarded $4,000 to study improvements in heart valve operations. Dr. Matthew Levy was awarded $7,500 to study the metabolic effects of reduced flow, and Dr. Henry Zimmerman received $5,000 to study the action of digitalis in patients with enlarged hearts.
 
Pictured left to right: Dr. Earl B. Kay, Dr. Matthew Levy and Dr. Henry Zimmerman.

#STV150, This week's #STV150 Caregiver memory comes from Sister Judith Ann Karam, CSA, Congregational Leader, Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine.

"I began working at St. Vincent Charity as a Pharmacy Technician in 1962. At that time we had a huge outpatient department. The pharmacists let me "fill" prescriptions under their direct supervision and approval. Sr. Mariel and I closed the pharmacy each night at 5:30. As we were putting out the lights, checking each door, etc. we talked about religious life and my desire to become a Sister. That was the beginning of my prayer and discernment of entering the community.

One night when we were the only staff present, Sr. Mariel said to let her know when the delivery man from DePaul Maternity Home came. A man came and asked for Sr. Mariel. Me thinking it was the delivery man from DePaul let him in and said that I would get Sr. Mariel. When I told her he was here, she was very embarrassed. Who I determined was the "delivery man" was actually Dr. Earl B. Kay, noted worldwide cardiovascular surgeon."
 
Read more of our #STV150 Caregiver Memories at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, It’s a beautiful day in #Cleveland for the Downtown Farmers' Market at 5th Street Arcades! Follow the link below to read the market’s weekly newsletter and see what vendors what will be around today. Lakeside Dairy joins the market this week offering soups, salads and healthy snacks made from scratch, using fresh, organic, and local ingredients. 

The market is open from 11 am – 2 pm on Public Square and accepts Debit, EBT, and "Produce Perks," a dollar-for-dollar match (up to $10) on all EBT transactions to be used on fresh fruits and vegetables.

http://bit.ly/1yEJgNa
, Stay connected with St. Vincent Charity—subscribe to our community e-newsletter, Caritas. Caritas is published three times a year and features hospital and health-related news, as well as stories about our Caregivers and patients. The Summer 2014 issue comes out soon!

Sign up now --> http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt, #TBT to 1949 outside St. Vincent Charity's original building on the corner of Central Avenue and East 22nd Street. 

Photo courtesy of the Cleveland Memory Project., #TBT to 1961: Dr. Henry A. Zimmerman demonstrates proper hand placement for cardiac resuscitation on #Cleveland Chief of Police, Frank Story. #STV150

Photo courtesy of the Michael Schwartz Library at Cleveland State University., The Garden Boyz market is back on the front lawn of the hospital today from 11 am - 2 pm. Today’s produce selection includes: Peppers (green, banana and jalapeno), red and green tomatoes, green beans, striped zucchini, yellow squash, cucumbers, onions, lettuces, swiss chard and kale, collard and mustard greens.
 
The Garden Boyz program, sponsored by Building Healthy Communities, provides 11–17 year old’s in the Central neighborhood with the responsibility and rewards of taking care of their own garden. All profits made are used to purchase school uniforms, pay activity fees and financially assist their families., St. Vincent Charity opened in 1865 after long discussions by Mother Ursula Bissonette, first superior of the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine; Dr. Gustave E. Weber, a prominent retired Army surgeon; and Bishop Amadeus Rappe, first Bishop of Cleveland.

Though Mother Ursula did not live to see the building completed, her spirit of sacrifice remained with the Sisters who willingly gave their pillows to furnish the hospital while they slept on straw. 

“Charity towards the poor,” said Bishop Rappe at the dedication, “was ever to be the motto of the hospital.” 

#STV150, Psychiatric Emergency Department Offers A New Perspective On Treatment. Learn more about SVCMC's Psychiatric ED and hear from Dr. Leslie Koblentz, Medical Director of the Psychiatric Emergency Department:  http://bit.ly/1up9V2P

#STV150, Heroin Affects Middle Class — Fighting Addiction & Cultural Misconception via cleveland.com

http://bit.ly/XdAF8Z

#STV150, Did you know? Our experienced surgical weight loss team at the Center for Bariatric Surgery has helped more than 7,000 patients lose more than 700,000 pounds? #STV150

Learn more about the surgical and nonsurgical weight loss options available at SVCMC at stvincentcharity.com/bariatric, June 5, 1959 - The city of Cleveland celebrates St. Vincent Charity's  100-year tradition of service with "Charity Hospital Community Day"

#STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

“I work at St. Vincent Charity as a PRN in the Microbiology department. I always look forward to the weekends when I have to come in to work. My fellow Caregivers are like family to me. I don’t use the word “family” lightly. They are so kind and willing to help in times of need. In general, the hospital staff is also very friendly. It’s a culture that I wish every hospital would adopt. A simple greeting and a smile mean so much. I love it here and I am glad to be celebrating 150 years with St. Vincent Charity Medical Center.” –Abraham, Microbiology

We want to hear from you! Share your St. Vincent Charity memories and stories with us in the comments., #TBT to May 29, 1951 as construction was taking place on St. Vincent Charity's West Building. St. Vincent Charity's original building, built in 1865, was demolished to make way for the hospital's $2 million replacement. The 112-bed building facing central avenue would bring St. Vincent Charity's bed total up to 321. 

#STV150, On October 10, 1917, St. Vincent Charity celebrated the opening of a new surgical pavilion—a monumental gift from the great citizens of Cleveland. The facility was constructed at a cost of $309,000, pledged and paid for by the people of our city. The surgical pavilion was six stories in height and could hold 150 patient beds. The fifth floor consisted of five modern operating rooms, a sterilizing room, rest and consultation rooms and the living quarters for the house physicians.

#STV150, Did you know? In 2009, our very own Dr. Michael Canales and his wife Dominique Moceanu graced the pages of People Magazine to announce the birth of their son. Check out this photo of the August 2009 issue.

#STV150, July 1947 -- St. Vincent Charity announces a new plan to cope with the extreme shortage of nurses. The School of Nursing would soon open to begin training women between 18 and 45 as Ward Assistants to Registered Nurses. There was no tuition for the 6-month course and students received a monthly salary beginning at $85. 

#STV150, 1976 -- The 14-room surgical suite opens at St. Vincent Charity along with a cardiovascular lab, pathology lab, pulmonology, occupational and physical therapy, neurological resting and electrocardiography.

#STV150, "My favorite memory of St. Vincent Charity is from 25 years ago. I was a brand new RN and was here for a job interview. I had been to other hospitals interviewing, however when I came to St. Vincent Charity I noticed something different. Everyone that I passed  in the halls greeted me, smiled and all made eye contact. This was not the case at any of the other hospitals I had been to previously. I am happy to say that this tradition continues to this day here at our medical center. That is why I took the job here and that is why I’ve stayed."
- Ivy, RN, Intensive Care Unit

We want to hear from you! Share your St. Vincent Charity memories and stories with us in the comments. 

#STV150, Too much work isn't enough for Sister Victorine.

Check out this article on Rosary Hall Director, Sister Mary Victorine, from the June 23, 1957 issue of the Catholic Universe Bulletin. Rosary Hall was preparing for an expansion that would be complete in July 1968.

#STV150, Throwing it way back to 1902 today for #TBT. Take a look at one of St. Vincent Charity's private patient rooms from the early 1900s.

#STV150, The Garden Boyz are back at SVCMC today from 11 am - 2 pm on the hospital’s front lawn. Today’s produce selection includes: Green tomatoes, purple green beans, striped zucchini, yellow squash, cucumbers, onions, lettuces, swiss chard and collard greens. 

The Garden Boyz program, sponsored by Building Healthy Communities, provides 11–17 year old’s in the Central neighborhood with the responsibility and rewards of taking care of their own garden. All profits made are used to purchase school uniforms, pay activity fees and financially assist their families., The Cardiac Recovery Unit, designed as one of the first of its kind in the country to provide more safety for the cardiac surgery patient, was opened at St. Vincent Charity in October 1956. The success of the recovery of cardiac patients is largely attributed to the specialized care provided in this unit where the patient is carefully watched and monitored.

#STV150, null, Our American Red Cross asked for our help by hosting an extra blood drive this summer, a time when donations typically drop.  Thanks to you for taking the time out of your busy day yesterday to make a difference and give that precious gift of life!  We had 21 donors come through for this urgent appeal for blood, providing 63 blood products for patients in need in our region. Every single donor makes a difference.

Mark your calendar for our next blood drive on Tuesday, August 26.   Registration has already opened for our August drive, so you can make your appointment at www.redcrossblood.org (sponsor code: stvincentmedical).

For those who donated yesterday, you will not be eligible yet for the August blood drive, but you will be eligible for our Tuesday November 4th drive!  Don’t worry, I’ll remind you…

, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's Core Values

Respect—We serve in an atmosphere of mutual respect and fairness, treating each person with reverence and dignity that recognizes each individual’s contribution.

Integrity—We hold ourselves accountable for our actions and are honest and ethical in all our dealings.

Quality—We are committed to continuous improvement of our services to better each life as if it were our own.

Teamwork—We celebrate the opportunity to come together as Caregivers in an inclusive workplace where diversity and open communication are valued.

#STV150, Did you know St. Vincent Charity was the first hospital in Cleveland to install its own radio station? Radio W.E.L.L. broadcast religious services, music, interviews and hospital news from the transmitter booth directly to patient rooms. Pictured here is Sister Mary Augusta, CSA, demonstrating how to use the equipment.

#STV150, St. Vincent Charity's Board of Directors came into existence in response to requests of the Sisters for advice and assistance from various business, professional and civic-minded men and women in regard to the management, operation and development of the hospital. 

In 1965, 40 men and women served on the Advisory Board and through their efforts money was secured for the expansion of St. Vincent Charity. 

#STV150, This week's #STV150 Caregiver memory comes from Sister Judith Ann Karam, CSA, Congregational Leader, Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine.

"I began working at St. Vincent Charity as a Pharmacy Technician in 1962. In 1973, we began the first clinical pharmacy program in a community hospital in the US. In fact, we were the first program in Cleveland. We located the pharmacy on 6 West. We covered both ICU and the neurosurgical wing. I went on clinical rounds daily with Drs. Bishop, Tank and Suresky (neurosurgeons) and directly worked with fellows from the Cleveland Clinic. We had staff teaching on new medications and also were involved with the residents on drug interactions, etc. We took drug histories of the patients and also counseled patients with nursing upon discharge. Many pharmacists throughout Northeast Ohio came to do a site visit of the clinical program at St. Vincent Charity. The program was even featured in a healthcare magazine called, Hospital Topics."

Read more of our #STV150 Caregiver Memories at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, One more #STV150 #TBT pic for today -- Check out this photo of the 3A nurses' station at St. Vincent Charity taken in March 1966., Here’s another great story on St. Vincent Charity’s own Dr. Michael Canales and his wife, Dominique Moceanu, who helped coach Julie Foucher for the 2014 CrossFit Games. Learn more about Julie and her coaches in this Wall Street Journal article: http://on.wsj.com/1qCUymU

Best of luck, Julie!, Today's #TBT photo takes us inside the operating room at St. Vincent Charity in the early 1900s. We sure have come a long way since 1916!

#STV150, We are pleased to share that we have a new Guardian Angel to report! Congratulations to Nilsa, who was recently recognized as a Guardian Angel by a grateful patient!

The Guardian Angel program offers patients a way to make a donation to SVCMC in honor of a special Caregiver who made a difference during their stay. To make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity or to learn more, visit:  http://bit.ly/18XQlQa

Pictured L to R: Bev Lozar, Chief Nursing Executive, Nilsa LaBoy and Donna Tizzano, Director of Med Surg and Telemetry Services, St. Vincent Charity was one of the first hospitals in Cleveland to be wired for telephones. The first system was located in the School of Nursing. Today, SVCMC makes about 5,700 outside calls per day and receives about  5,200 incoming calls per day. Our operator consoles answer about 20,000 calls per month.

Here's a photo of the hospital's switchboard operators from 1972.

#STV150, Looking for some new healthy recipes to try? The Health and Wellness Committee at SVCMC has got you covered! These healthy (and delicious!) recipes were recently served in the SVCMC cafeteria—and they were a hit! Check out the recipes in our latest blog post at: http://bit.ly/1nCHbkh 

Recipes include:
- Chile and Basil Vegetable Stir-fry
- Easy Quinoa with Pesto
- Herb-baked Salmon 
- Roasted Butternut Squash and Shallot Soup, In 1985, St. Vincent Charity opens the Occupational Health and Wellness Center to provide comprehensive health and wellness programs for area employers #STV150, In September 2013, St. Vincent Charity and Saint Ignatius High School teamed up to create a new opportunity for the Saint Ignatius
Sophomore Service program. Through an evolving partnership with the high school, sophomore students are now getting the opportunity to observe Catholic healthcare in action as volunteer Caregivers and to gain valuable real-world experience. 

Learn more in the Spring 2014 issue of Caritas: http://bit.ly/1p4jp1N

#STV150, Stay informed. Stay in touch. Stay in good health. 

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s new patient portal, HealtheChart, is now live! HealtheChart gives patients the flexibility to access their health information and other resources on their time. 

Enrolling is easy to do! Visit http://bit.ly/1lVUs5r or call 216.363.7483., Did you know there was a St. Vincent Charity Bowling League?! Here's a clip from the May 1973 issue of the Monitor, St. Vincent Charity's newsletter for Caregivers. 

#STV150, Special shout out to our very own, Dr. Michael Canales! Dr. Canales and his wife, Dominique Moceanu, are currently coaching Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine student Julie Foucher as she competes for the title of Fittest Woman on Earth! They’re both mentioned in this article on Cleveland.com: http://bit.ly/1pkxYtI

Go Julie!
, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

Karyn Z., Laboratory, shared some photos from St. Vincent Charity’s 135th anniversary celebration in 2000. Karyn and other Caregivers asked all of the departments to create a square for a quilt representing St. Vincent Charity. Thank you for sharing with us, Karyn!

#STV150, It’s a Farmers' Market Friday! Follow the link below to read the Downtown Farmers' Market at 5th Street Arcades weekly newsletter to see what’s happening at the market today! Two new delicious juice vendors join the group today, as well as a 30 minute performance by Kaiser Permanente's Educational Theatre and The Amazing Food Detective at noon.

The market is open from 11 am – 2 pm on Public Square and accepts Debit, EBT, and "Produce Perks," a dollar-for-dollar match (up to $10) on all EBT transactions to be used on fresh fruits and vegetables.

View the newsletter at: http://bit.ly/1rmGRYu
, Today's #TBT photo goes back to March 1959 right outside the west building at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. If you look closely, you can see the street sign says "QUIET HOSPITAL ZONE."

#STV150, Had a special visit yesterday from one of Dr. David Perse's newest patients. Pictured left to right is Dr. John Kostoglou, Bernie Kosar and Dr. David Perse, president and CEO., The Garden Boyz will be back at SVCMC today from 11 am  - 2 pm on the hospital’s front lawn (weather permitting). Today’s produce selection includes:  blueberries, purple green beans, striped zucchini, cucumbers, onions and lettuces. 

The Garden Boyz program, sponsored by Building Healthy Communities, provides 11–17 year old’s in the Central neighborhood with the responsibility and rewards of taking care of their own garden. All profits made are used to purchase school uniforms, pay activity fees and financially assist their families., Here's another clip from "The Fortune Cookie" #STV150

https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=151786718231877&l=360069058949565965, Did you know the 1966 movie “The Fortune Cookie” was filmed at St. Vincent Charity?! The movie starred Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau and also shot on location at the Brown’s Municiplal Stadium and Terminal Tower. #STV150

Check out this clip from The Fortune Cookie: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=151792661564616&l=3757457593367046539

, We're jazzed about Pizzazz. Are you? Consider a sponsorship today. http://www.stvincentcharity.com/giving/pizzazz-2014/, Congratulations to Dr. Patrick Hergenroeder, orthopedic surgeon, for being recognized as a Guardian Angel by a grateful patient! This is Dr. Hergenroeder’s second time being honored as a Guardian Angel.

The Guardian Angel program offers a way for patients to make a donation to St. Vincent Charity in honor of a special Caregiver who made a difference during their stay or visit. To make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity, please visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, It's Trivia Tuesday! Head on over to our Twitter page at 11 am and see if you can answer the #STV150 trivia question of the week! The first person to reply with the correct answer will win a prize and #STV150 goodies.

The answer to the question can be found on stvincentcharity.com. To follow us on Twitter, visit: http://bit.ly/1balbFx, Soon after St. Vincent Charity opened, it became apparent that additions and changes would have to be made. In 1873, steam heating replaced coal stoves throughout the hospital and another operating room was added. 

#STV150, http://www.healio.com/endocrinology/highlights-from-ice-endo-2014/better-long-term-diabetes-outcomes-with-sleeve-gastrectomy-vs-medical-management, Sign up for a FREE seminar today. http://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/seminar-calendar/

http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/08/us-health-obesity-idUSKBN0FD29D20140708, In 1994, the first Center for Bloodless Medicine and Surgery opens in the area at SVCMC, allowing patients to undergo treatments and surgery without receiving donor blood. It was developed to serve the needs of the Jehovah’s Witness population.

#STV150, Did you know? In 2012, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center provided $9.2 million in community benefit. #STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

Melony R., RN, Rosary Hall, wanted to share some great photos she has from her time as a student nurse at the St. Vincent Charity School of Nursing. Melony graduated as an RN on May 21, 1978. Thanks for sharing with us, Melony! 

Do these photos bring back any memories for those who also graduated from the School of Nursing?, Merry Christmas in July! Here's a #TBT photo of the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center Caregiver Christmas Dinner on December 17, 1970. 

#STV150, On October 26, 2012, SVCMC & Project Learn hosted a daylong conference to increase awareness of #healthliteracy. The Ohio Health Literacy Conference brought together leaders in the field of health literacy & more than 160 health care providers from agencies across Northeast Ohio. Dr. Cynthia Baur, Senior Advisor for Health Literacy at the CDC and author of the national action plan for health literacy, was the keynote speaker at the conference. 

OHLC gave attendees the opportunity to take the next step in increasing health literacy awareness and to begin collaborations with local, state and national experts. 

#STV150, Who wants to win a prize today?! All you need to do is answer the #STV150 trivia question correctly!

Today at 3 pm we will be hosting a trivia contest on our Twitter page! The first person to reply to the question correctly will win a prize and #STV150 goodies. 

The answer to the question can be found on stvincentcharity.com. To follow us on Twitter, visit: http://bit.ly/1balbFx, Sister Ignatia Gavin, CSA, founder of Rosary Hall, was officially inducted into the Ohio Addiction Professionals Hall of Fame on October 17, 2013. Sister Ignatia is widely recognized as one of the first persons to effectively treat individuals for alcoholism in a hospital setting. In 1952, she came to St. Vincent Charity from Akron to help serve alcoholics and was instrumental in the development of Rosary Hall. Her legacy of caring and compassion continues to live on each day through our Caregivers.

#STV150, In 1997, St. Vincent Charity became the first hospital in the region to begin offering bariatric surgery. Since then we have helped more than 7,000 people lose more than 700,000 pounds—and counting.

#STV150, 1963 -- St. Vincent Charity dedicates the Roger W. Disbro Research Building. Funded by the Ford Foundation and the U.S. Department of Public Health, the building would house research labs for doctors in heart, circulation, artificial heart valves, hypertension, liver disease, kidney function and shock.

#STV150, Happy Fourth of July from all of us at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! Have a safe holiday weekend!, Caregivers at St. Vincent Charity Medical celebrate National Hospital Week on May 14, 1958 #TBT #STV150, An aerial view of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center taken sometime during the late 1950s or early 1960s. St. Vincent Charity continues to provide care for Clevelanders at our original location on East 22nd street. #STV150 #TBT, In St. Vincent Charity's early days, the hospital was heated with coal stoves, illuminated by candles, and operated without elevators, telephones or modern plumbing. When it opened, the hospital had one operating room. Frequently, operations were performed in the same room the patient was to occupy afterward. 

#STV150, Planning on using fireworks over the Fourth of July weekend? If so, be sure to read these tips from the Wellness Committee at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center to help keep you and your loved ones safe: http://bit.ly/1o9l811

Have a happy and safe Fourth of July!, In 2012, the Wound Center at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center was renovated to keep up with the growing demand for the service. The updated space included state-of-the-art hyperbaric oxygen therapy chambers and private treatment rooms. The Wound Center at St. Vincent Charity is located on the ground floor of the hospital within the outpatient Health Care Center and is responsible for the treatment of recurring and advanced wounds. Learn more at: http://bit.ly/1mSmVbg

#STV150, The Garden Boyz are back at SVCMC! Stop by today from 11 am - 2 pm for the first market of the season on the hospital's front lawn. Today's produce selection includes: blueberries, spring salad fixings, spicy arugula lettuce, spinach, french breakfast radishes and salad onions. 

The Garden Boyz program, sponsored by Building Healthy Communities, provides 11–17 year old’s in the Central neighborhood with the responsibility and rewards of taking care of their own garden. All profits made are used to purchase school uniforms, pay activity fees and financially assist their families., One of the first surgeons at St. Vincent Charity, Dr. Gustave C.E. Weber, a former faculty member of the Cleveland Medical College, as well as some of his colleagues, organized the Charity Hospital Medical College in 1865. Several years later, the Charity Hospital Medical College moved and became known as the Medical Department of Wooster University.

Below is a photo of a diploma from the Charity Hospital Medical College from 1867. 

#STV150, The mission of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center was strengthened in October 2012 thanks to the tremendous support of those who attended Pizzazz, the hospital’s biennial gala. Held at historic Cleveland Public Auditorium, nearly 900 guests dined and danced the night away under the gorgeous glow of the venerated Cleveland landmark. Pizzazz 2012 raised a record-breaking $723,000 in support of St. Vincent Charity’s mission. 

#STV150, August 27th, 1987 – St. Vincent Charity brings laser surgery to Cleveland. Dr. Rais Beg performs the first laser arterial surgery on a 70-year-old woman with blocked coronary arteries. The laser procedure offered a shorter hospital stay compared with conventional surgical procedures at the time #STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

"Reflecting on my many years of serving as a Chaplain, I recall many grace-filled moments I spent with numerous patients and families as I ministered in good times and sad; be it an emergency situation, pre-surgery, post-surgery, daily spiritual visits. My own spiritual life was greatly enriched by these experiences. I’m grateful to our Caregivers and am proud to minister to and with them in the name of Jesus. Blessed and happy 150th anniversary, St. Vincent Charity!” -Sister Jane, CSA, Clinical Pastoral Education

More of Sister Jane's #STV150 memory at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, It’s a beautiful day for the Downtown Farmers' Market at 5th Street Arcades! Follow the link to read the market’s weekly newsletter, which includes a list of all the fresh produce that will be available today. There will also be a free chef demonstration by Chef Parker Bosley from 12:00-1:00pm. Don’t miss it!

The market is open from 11 am – 2 pm on Public Square and accepts Debit, EBT, and "Produce Perks," a dollar-for-dollar match (up to $10) on all EBT transactions to be used on fresh fruits and vegetables. 

http://bit.ly/1ppM3e7
, Take a look back at an article from the July 11, 1968 issue of the Cleveland Press. The article highlighted the recent remodeling of Rosary Hall, St. Vincent Charity's addiction treatment center. The new quarters contained meeting rooms, libraries, a chapel, coffee bars, snack kitchens and other conveniences for patients. 

Today, Rosary Hall’s innovative efforts continue to be fueled not only by decades of proven experience in treating more than 60,000 men and women, but also by the compassion that is a hallmark of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. 

#TBT #STV150, null, Are you at risk for metabolic syndrome? You may be a candidate if you have 3 of the following 5 risk factors, including central obesity (defined as waist circumference of 40 inches or higher for men and 35 inches for women). AND:
Raised Triglyceride level 
Reduced HDL (good) cholesterol
Raised blood pressure
Type 2 diabetes, In 1894, St. Vincent Charity opened its first outpatient department, known as the “outdoor” department. It was felt that by establishing an “outdoor” department for patients who did not need beds in the hospital, advice and treatment could be more efficiently given. #STV150, Can you picture a hospital today without a phone?! Phones were not installed at St. Vincent Charity until 1881, but the horse and buggy were always in readiness for emergencies that arose!  #STV150, Did you know the Psychiatric Emergency Department at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is one of only two in the state of Ohio and one of six in the country offering psychiatric care 24/7? The Psychiatric Emergency Department is staffed by registered nurses, mental health technicians, psychiatrists, security guards and social workers. St. Vincent Charity’s psychiatric emergency department serves approximately 4,000 patients each year. #STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory: 

"I have been working at St. Vincent Charity for almost 18 months. I work on the administration side of the hospital, but I really like the fact that we are all called Caregivers and not employees. The mission that we are carrying out and God’s ministry of healing is so prevalent throughout the hospital. One of my favorite memories is from my first day of orientation. All of the new Caregivers attended a ceremony in the hospital’s beautiful chapel, where we had our hands blessed.” – Helen, Office of Graduate Medical Education

More of Helen’s #STV150 memory at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, Marketing department taking a moment to brag about some of our recent awards for website, live ortho surgery tweet and total brand campaign!, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

“I worked as a candy striper at St. Vincent Charity in the 1960s and returned in 2003 to complete my clinical pastoral supervisory education. I came back again in May 2014 and am very proud to say that with this many comings and goings, I must belong here.” –Sister Nancy, Pastoral Care

Read more of Sister Nancy’s #STV150 memory at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, We <3 our volunteers! Here’s another throwback to the 1970s, two of St. Vincent Charity’s candy stripers visiting with a patient on July 1, 1971. #STV150 #TBT, June 19, 1959—Reveley G. Beattie, president of Beattie and Sons Jewelers at the time, sets gems into the shield of the Sisters of Charity under the watchful eye of Sister Mary Consilla, CSA. The shield, sparkling with rubies blue sapphires, peach sapphires and diamonds, would be displayed in the Beattie store window to promote the Charity Hospital $2.9 million fund drive #STV150 #TBT, We are excited to announce that St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s new patient portal—HealtheChart—is now live! HealtheChart gives patients the flexibility to access their health information and other resources on their time. Check out our latest blog post to learn more: http://bit.ly/1lEeT22

Enrolling in HealtheChart is easy to do! Visit http://bit.ly/1lVUs5r or call 216.363.7483., By 1917, St. Vincent Charity Hospital School of Nursing had a larger number of nurses in the service of World War I than any one school in the state of Ohio. World War II saw 199 nurses in the Armed Forces. #STV150, To facilitate the needs of the growing teaching program, St. Vincent Charity constructed Cleveland’s first amphitheater for the demonstration of surgical and clinical procedures to medical students in 1873.

#STV150, Meet our newest Guardian Angel—Amber! 

Amber is a Registered Nurse and was honored as a Guardian Angel by a grateful patient she cared for. This patient expressed their gratitude for the outstanding care Amber provided.

The Guardian Angel program offers a way for patients to make a donation to St. Vincent Charity in honor of a special Caregiver who made a difference during their stay or visit. To make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity, please visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, Who wants to win a prize this morning?! All you need to do is answer the #STV150 trivia question correctly! 

At 11 am we will be hosting a trivia contest on our Twitter page! The first person to reply to the question correctly will win a prize and #STV150 goodies!

The answer to the question can be found on stvincentcharity.com. To follow us on Twitter, visit: http://bit.ly/1balbFx, In 2010, Dr. Louis Keppler, co-medical director of the Spine & Orthopedic Institute, hosted Dr. Harry Rubash, chief of orthopedic surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital, to demonstrate a new type of hip surgery. Dr. Keppler trained Dr. Rubash on the new “tissue sparing total hip surgery”, a procedure that he pioneered at SVCMC in 2007. Dr. Rubash also presented his Hip Society Award Paper on “Acetabular Component Positioning” at a dinner during his Cleveland visit #STV150, There's still time to sign up for tonight's FREE #weightloss surgery seminar!

Join us at 6 pm at the Mentor Holiday Inn. Experts from the Center for #BariatricSurgery will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether weight loss surgery is right for you.

To register, call 216-592-2801., St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has incorporated in its policies and trainings the following 5 Steps to improve Health Literacy:  

- Speak slowly
- Teach back
- Encourage questions
- Plain language
- Show examples

#STV150, 1950 -- Specialized work in heart disease began with the opening of the Cardiovascular Laboratory, one of the first diagnostic and evaluation labs in the Midwest #STV150, Congratulations and best of luck to all of our internal medicine, podiatry and dentistry residents who are graduating today! Your smiling faces will be missed by many of your fellow Caregivers. We hope you’ll stay in touch with your St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family!, Today's #TBT photo is from 1968 and shows some student nurses standing outside St. Vincent Charity's School of Nursing. When the School of Nursing building was torn down, the main entrance was preserved. The doorway is now the focus of the Boler Family Memorial Garden on the area where the Nursing School once stood. #STV150, If you’re thinking about weight loss surgery, our FREE informational seminar is the best place to start.

Join us at our next seminar on June 16th at the Mentor Holiday Inn. Experts from the Center for Bariatric Surgery will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether weight loss surgery is right for you.

To register, call 888.362.9732 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, We have an amazing story to share for today’s #STV150 fun fact! Visit our blog to read about how St. Vincent Charity's Chief of Anesthesia, Dr. John Bastulli, was able to help save a man’s life during a recent flight from Phoenix: http://bit.ly/1loca12

We are so proud of Dr. Bastulli and the quick action he took 30,000 feet in the air!

#STV150, 90.3 WCPN ideastream® featured our Psychiatric Emergency Department on Morning Edition yesterday. Reporter Anne Glausser received a journalism award for this report. Congratulations, Anne! Thanks for sharing this important community resource with listeners. , Dr. Duane Ehredt is graduating in podiatry and will be going into private practice at the Ohio Foot and Ankle Center in Akron. Originally from Altoona, PA, Dr. Ehredt said St. Vincent Charity offers a unique training experience. "You do have a feeling that there is something else going on here with the care of patients. It's a very caring, compassionate environment and that makes our training better." He was especially thankful to Dr. Mike Canales. "He was a great mentor to me and gave a lot of insight not only on being a good clinician, but also being a good person.", Dr. Ifijen Oleghe is going to be a hospitalist at Aultman Hospital in Canton. Originally from Nigeria, Dr. Oleghe says that the relatively small size of St. Vincent allows resident to get to know everyone. "There are so many smiley, happy people here. Most of them are a joy to work with," he said. "We received a great education here with plenty of exposure to situations that without compromising patient care gave us an opportunity to develop confidence." Dr. Oleghe says he leaves a piece of himself at St. Vincent Charity. His wife, Dr. Efe Oleghe will be starting her first year of internal medicine residency in July. They are the parents of a little boy and girl., Our third-year residents will graduate on Friday evening. In honor of them, we'd like to share a bit about where they heading after their training and what they learned from St. Vincent Charity. Dr. Buthayna Dinary is one of two Presidents of the House Staff Association Committee and Chief Resident Editor for our Research Journal. Originally from Palestine, this internal medicine resident is heading to University Hospitals Case Medical Center for a fellowship in nephrology. The mother of two daughters, she says she will miss the friendly atmosphere and the mission of St. Vincent Charity. "We are able to provide care--equal care--for everyone and that's what I like the most." She will remain connected to St. Vincent through her husband, Dr. Fazel Dinary, who is going to be a second-year resident here., At 10 am we will be hosting a #STV150 trivia contest on our Twitter page! The first person to reply to the trivia question correctly will win a prize and #STV150 goodies! 

The answer to the question can be found on stvincentcharity.com. To follow us on Twitter, visit: http://bit.ly/1balbFx, Education is a key part of staying healthy. Visit our health and wellness calendar to see all upcoming classes, support groups & FREE health screenings in the area this week: http://bit.ly/1b49jpp, 1942 -- As the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine observe the 90th anniversary of their first hospital in Cleveland, their thoughts and prayers are with the 12 St. Vincent Charity physicians and 33 nurses serving in the U.S. Armed Forces during World War II.

#STV150, August 1952 -- Sister Callista, CSA, demonstrates the high-tech two-way communication systems for nurses and patients that was recently installed at St. Vincent Charity.

#STV150, June 6, 1981 -- Bishop Anthony M. Pilla rededicates Charity Hospital under its new name, St. Vincent Charity Hospital and Health Center. The hospital Board of Trustees voted to change the name to better reflect  the hospital's scope of activities. 

#STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

“I have worked at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center for 42 years. During that time I have had many wonderful experiences. I’ve worked with countless kind and caring people, many who have become lifelong friends. The experience I wanted to share however is my mother’s. When she was a baby, she swallowed an open safety pin. Her parents, who spoke very little English, took her by streetcar to St. Vincent Charity. There wasn’t much they could do for her at the hospital other than to advise my grandparents to let nature take its course. The pin came out 28 days later. My grandfather could never say enough about the kind Sisters who took such good care of them and their baby. He often spoke about the wonderful care they received here. My mom recovered completely and is celebrating her 90th birthday this October in excellent health! Thank you, St. Vincent Charity!” 
-Jan, Information Services, #STV150 Caregiver Memory:

“I work at St. Vincent Charity as a PRN in the Microbiology department. I always look forward to the weekends when I have to come in to work. My fellow Caregivers are like family to me. I don’t use the word “family” lightly. They are so kind and willing to help in times of need. In general, the hospital staff is also very friendly. It’s a culture that I wish every hospital would adopt. A simple greeting and a smile mean so much. I love it here and I am glad to be celebrating 150 years with St. Vincent Charity Medical Center.” –Abraham, Microbiology, From the St. Vincent Charity Archives:  #TBT to the outpatient department at St. Vincent Charity. We don't have an exact year for this photo, but we believe it was taken sometime during the 1940s., Today we’re throwing it back to the 1940s. Take a look inside the kitchen at St. Vincent Charity in 1941. Looks like the Caregivers were hard at work preparing meal trays for hospital patients. #TBT #STV150, During the hospital’s early days, two items that repeatedly appeared on the ledger sheet were whiskey and leeches, which were apparently used rather frequently in treating various diseases.

However, progress was being made and new treatments and medications were being discovered. Sister M. Mechtildes, CSA, went to La Crosse, Wisconsin, in April of 1895 to study pharmacy. She returned later that year fully efficient to take charge of the hospital pharmacy and fill any and every prescription of the physicians. 

#STV150, Have you seen the new #STV150 video promoting our 150th anniversary social media campaign?! Check it out and join the conversation!

http://bit.ly/1hyNVOs, By 1910 the hospital facilities were taxed to capacity and it was necessary to build again. Before a wealthy donor would contribute, they wanted to know if the hospital was being operated efficiently and economically. Cost per day per patient at St. Vincent Charity was $2.75, compared to $3.69 and $3.80 for some of the hospital’s competitors. The benefactors, including John D. Rockefeller, were pleased with this economic efficiency and contributed to the campaign.

#STV150, At 11 am today we will be hosting a #STV150 trivia contest on Twitter. Follow us at @Stvincentcmc for your chance to win a prize and #STV150 goodies.

The answer to the trivia question can be found on stvincentcharity.com. The first person to reply with the correct answer will win. 

To follow us on Twitter, visit: http://bit.ly/1balbFx, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center pioneered bariatric surgery in Northeast Ohio and we have helped more than 7,000 people lost more than 700,000 pounds. Founded in 1997, The Center for Bariatric Surgery (CBS) at St. Vincent Charity is one of the most comprehensive, patient-centered surgical weight loss programs in the nation. The program is nationally recognized as a Center of Excellence by the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery for exceeding standards of quality, safety and outcomes.

Learn more about the CBS at http://bit.ly/18y7UIK

#STV150, There have been many "firsts" in St. Vincent Charity's 150 year history. 

In 2007, Dr. Louis Keppler, co-medical director of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute, performed the first short-stem hip replacement surgery in the U.S. Those procedures now account for nearly 30% of all hip replacements performed in the U.S.

#STV150, Did you know? In 1907, Electricity comes to St. Vincent Charity because two men working for the Illuminating Company were burned and brought to Charity. To ventilate the room, fans were requested but could not be used, as the hospital was not wired. The Illuminating Company brought the cables from the street through the window so the fans could be used. After the patients were discharged, the building was equipped for electricity.

#STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory: 

"One of the most beautiful moments of my career came as I working as the hospice nurse. I was caring for a 90-year-old hospice patient, whose teenage granddaughter was staying the night with her. Around 5 or 6 a.m., I assessed that the patient had passed in her sleep. The granddaughter just stood at the window, looking away from her grandmother and staring blankly at the skyline of downtown Cleveland. About 20 minutes later, she was still staring out the window, unmoving. Her mother, the patient’s daughter, arrived and IMMEDIATELY went to her daughter’s side by the window. She went straight to comfort her daughter who was clearly in need. It really illustrated the beauty of the mother-daughter bond, even in the extreme circumstances of the passing of a loved one. I felt blessed to be able to share the moment and to help the family cope with their loss."
- John R., 6B, Rosary Hall 

Read John's full story at: http://bit.ly/1hjt1mr, #STV150 Memory:

"Before my grandfather’s death in 1994, he received excellent care from the top-notch cardiologists at St. Vincent Charity. My aunt was a really outstanding nurse for decades at your hospital as well, and so was my cousin. I worked with my cousin on 4A for about a year and a half -- she was head nurse and I was a mental health worker right out of college.

I remember taking breaks occasionally in those days to visit my grandfather when he was an inpatient. I also had the privilege of taking care of him with my Aunt on the night before he died. Your hospital gave me the strength I needed for that. He passed away in the afternoon with all of his family: his wife, five daughters, and 13 grandchildren -- by his side. That was 20 years ago this September, but I still remember it as if it were yesterday. St. Vincent Charity is a wonderful community resource for Clevelanders from all walks of life. For that, I am abundantly thankful."
- Kathleen, former Caregiver and friend of SVCMC

We want to hear from you! Share your memories and stories with us by using the hashtag #STV150, #STV150 Caregiver Memory: 

"My favorite memory of St. Vincent Charity is from 25 years ago. I was a brand new RN and was here for a job interview. I had been to other hospitals interviewing, however when I came to St. Vincent Charity I noticed something different. Everyone that I passed in the halls greeted me, smiled and made eye contact. This was not the case at any of the other hospitals I had been to previously. I am happy to say that this tradition continues to this day here at our medical center. That is why I took the job here and that is why I’ve stayed." - Ivy W., RN, Intensive Care Unit

We want to hear from you! Share your memories and stories with us by using the hashtag #STV150., From the St. Vincent Charity Archives: Take a look inside St. Vincent Charity's walls during the early 1900s. This photo was taken in 1902 on the 3C Ward.

#TBT #STV150, Since we are in the midst of the NBA playoffs, it's only appropriate that we throw it back to the 1928 School of Nursing women's basketball team. The St. Vincent Charity archives are full of awesome photos like this from throughout our 150 year history!

#TBT #STV150, Dr. Keyvan Ravakhah is our incredible program director of our Internal Medicine Residency. Here he is channeling legendary NFL coach Vince Lombardi in an impromptu inspirational speech to our third-year residents. "You are all good doctors and you make us proud!", We LOVE our residents! They look great on their annual Research Day, even while they anxiously awaited the judges response. We are proud of all 66 of our residents, but are especially proud of our third-years who will graduate in a few weeks., The first patient ledger books from when St. Vincent Charity opened are still preserved in the hospital’s archives. Take a look at page one from when the hospital first opened in October 1865. 

#STV150, Following WWI, money remaining in the Recreation Fund of the National Catholic War Council was given to the National Conference of Catholic Hospitals to be used to establish social services departments in hospitals around the country.

St. Vincent Charity was selected as one of these hospitals and the social services department was opened 1919. #STV150, Today we honor and thank all the brave men and women who have served our country. We hope everyone enjoys a safe and happy Memorial Day!, To staff the pharmacy at St. Vincent Charity, two Sisters became the second and third women in Ohio to be certified by the State Board of Pharmacy.

#STV150, Did you know? St. Vincent Charity Medical Center still resides on its original property. The land was purchased for $10,000 on June 23, 1863.

#STV150, St. Vincent Charity launches social media campaign #STV150

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/05/23/St-Vincent-Charity-launches-social-media-campaign.aspx
, The Republican National Convention was last held in Cleveland in 1936 at Public Auditorium. Four years later, St. Vincent Charity celebrated its 75th anniversary on October 10, 1940. 

The day began with a Mass of thanksgiving celebrated by the Rev. James W. Nagle, hospital chaplain at St. Vincent Charity. Following the Mass, the Sisters and doctors went about their usual business of caring for the ill and poor. 

#STV150, Check out our new video promoting our 150th anniversary social media campaign #STV150! 

http://youtu.be/1YtOn46890k, null, Happy Healthcare Technology Management Week! 

The biomedical equipment technicians (BMETs) and clinical engineers of St Vincent Charity Medical Center are responsible for servicing, maintaining, and managing healthcare technologies for our medical center. These skilled technicians help acquire, install, maintain and train Caregivers on cutting-edge medical technology.

Thank you for your commitment and dedication to SVCMC!, Last week, we concluded our Nurses’ Week celebration by announcing the recipients of the Nursing Excellence Award and the Kathleen Redmond Education Award. Congratulations to the 2014 recipients!

Kathleen Redmond Educational Award: Sheila Woods, RN, Outpatient Oncology

Nursing Excellence Award: Diane Friedl, RN, Outpatient Oncology

Thank you to ALL of our nurses for all that you do each day here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center—we are so proud to honor you during Nurses’ Week., We're getting close to the launch of #STV150! Join us as we countdown to our 150th anniversary celebration with 150 days of fun facts! “Like” our Facebook page and Twitter page and you can get in on the yearlong anniversary celebration. Share this post and help us spread the word!

For more information visit: http://bit.ly/1etOaZr, Congratulations to Dr. Homer Huntley who has been voted Outstanding Attending of the Year by the first- and second-year students in the Case Western Reserve University Master of Science in Anesthesia Program. Read more at: http://bit.ly/1g3a5lE

Please join us in congratulating Dr. Huntley on this honor!, Education is a key part of staying healthy. St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has a variety of ongoing classes, events, screenings and support groups to help YOU manage your health and wellness.

View our health and wellness calendar at stvincentcharity.com to see all upcoming classes, support groups & FREE health screenings in the area!

http://bit.ly/1b49jpp, Today is National Nurses’ Day and the beginning of National #NursesWeek. Thank you to ALL the SVCMC nurses for ALL that you do! Let us know which SVCMC nurse you would like thank in the comments below.

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s Nurses’ Week celebration will be held May 12th – 16th. Stay tuned for photos from our weeklong celebration!, So proud of our Healthcare Hero! http://www.crainscleveland.com/article/20140504/HEROES14/305049974/administrator-of-the-year-hospital-dr-david-f-perse, #TBT to May 1962 – Sister Mary Ursula, CSA, hands a statue of St. Joseph off to be placed in the hospital’s new boiler plant stack. The statue of the saint was placed in the building’s original stack 87 years prior.

This statue remains in the stack to this day and can be seen from the windows in the Intensive Care Unit., We may be one day late, but we still need to recognize our April Caregiver of the Month! 

Congratulations to Cathy, Project Coordinator, Mission/Outreach, for being selected as our April Caregiver of the Month! Cathy was chosen based on the following nomination:

Cathy is one of those quiet, unassuming individuals who is an unsung hero for many. She is involved in so many departments and committees throughout the hospital and has a well-established reputation in the community as well. She is a wonderful ambassador for St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and accurately promotes the hospital’s mission and values in the community. Cathy has a very warm, respectful and caring manner. She is the type of individual who really lives the mission, giving all she can to her peers and to those in the community. Cathy is the type who gives her time, then asks if there is anything else she can do to help. If you needed a team player to help with a project, Cathy would be the first person you would look to. You couldn’t lose with her on your team., Join St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and NAMI Greater Cleveland on May 15th for a special #MentalHealthMonth presentation of In Our Own Voice: Living with Mental Illness. 

The program is free, however, reservations are requested. Call 216-875-0266 to reserve your space today!, Over 55 years, nurse is an eyewitness to history at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Learn more about Joan, GI Lab RN, and her story in latest issue of Caritas: http://bit.ly/1p4jp1N, New blog post: Spring cleaning your kitchen—Give your kitchen a healthy makeover with these tips from the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center Wellness Committee.

Visit our blog at: http://bit.ly/1faG9ZE, Before Charles F. Brush invented a system for electrifying street lights; Before Dayton C. Miller and Dudley Wick invented the X-ray; and Before Alexander Winton sold the first automobile in the U.S., the citizens of Cleveland, then largely a Protestant city, supported the building of a Catholic hospital—St. Vincent Charity—to provide nursing care for the citizens of Cleveland by the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine.  

Since the end of the Civil War—nearly 150 years ago—St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has been providing healthcare to Clevelanders. Be an ambassador for St. Vincent Charity and spread the word on your social media accounts by using our hashtag #STV150. Our goal is to DOUBLE our Twitter followers and Facebook fans! 

For more info on St. Vincent Charity’s 150th anniversary celebration visit: http://bit.ly/1etOaZr, The Bridgeport Mobile Market will be stationed at St. Vincent Charity tomorrow from 1:45 - 3 p.m. Stop by for fresh, locally grown fruits, vegetables and baked goods! The Bridgeport Mobile Market offers an easy, convenient way to shop for local produce and is a part of the healthy food access program in the Central neighborhood.  

Cash, credit/debit and the EBT direction card are all accepted., Facebook fans, will you help us reach our goal for Facebook likes?!

Join us as we countdown to our 150th anniversary celebration with 150 days of fun facts! “Like” our Facebook page and you can get in on the yearlong anniversary celebration. Share this post and help us spread the word!

For more information visit: http://bit.ly/1etOaZr, Let’s face it. Heroin addiction is real and it's killing us. 

Heroin use in Cuyahoga and surrounding counties is not only on the rise, but it’s taking lives at unprecedented levels. Let's Face Heroin is a public awareness campaign that is designed to help families, neighborhoods, users, teens and parents recognize that heroin is a genuine threat to our community. Dr. Ted Parran, Co-Medical Director of Rosary Hall, shares some insight on heroin addiction in this video featured on the campaign's site: http://bit.ly/1fwl7hX

If you or a loved one is struggling with addiction, St. Vincent Charity can help. To contact Rosary Hall, call 216.363.2580—press 4 to speak with a Caregiver immediately., SVCMC offers free #diabetes support groups throughout the year. Our next session will be held tomorrow (4/24) morning from 9:30 – 11 am in Suite 207 of the Medical Office Building.
 
Group discussions focus on self-management skills and the everyday challenges and successes of living with diabetes. The group provides inspiration and motivation for those newly diagnosed to those living with diabetes for many years. For more information, please call 216.363.2770., Weight loss success without the surgery -- Learn more about how the Center for Bariatric Surgery was able to help one patient reach her weight loss goals without undergoing surgery in the latest issue of Caritas: http://bit.ly/1p4jp1N 

Visit http://bit.ly/1fm3pyK to learn more about the nonsurgical weight loss options available at SVCMC., From the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family, wishing everyone a happy and blessed Easter!, Facebook fans -- We need your help!

Join us as we countdown to our 150th anniversary celebration with 150 days of fun facts! “Like” our Facebook page and you can get in on the yearlong anniversary celebration. Share this post and help us spread the word!

For more information visit: http://bit.ly/1etOaZr, We are excited to announce that our President and CEO, Dr. David F. Perse, has been named as the Health Care Heroes Hospital Administrator of the Year! Crain's Cleveland Business Health Care Heroes put the spotlight on those working each day to improve the lives and health of those in Ohio.

Congratulations, Dr. Perse! We are proud to care for Clevelanders under your vision and leadership., Meet our newest Guardian Angels—Joy, Kathleen and Earl! 

Joy and Kathleen, Registered Nurses, and Earl, Medical Support Technician, were honored as Guardian Angels by a patient they cared for as a team. This patient expressed their gratitude for these Caregivers and simply wanted to say “thank you” for the outstanding care they received. If you would like to make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity, please visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa

Top:  Kathleen and Joy, center, with Nursing Director Anna, left and Dr. Deborah Blades, right.
Bottom: Earl, center, with Nursing Director Anna, left, Bev, Chief Nursing Executive and Nurse Manager, Nanette, right, If you’re in need of ideas for Easter brunch this Sunday, look no further! Try out some of these easy, healthy recipes from EatingWell that are sure to be crowd-pleasers: http://bit.ly/QeejAq, Exploring Catholic Healthcare – St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's new partnership with Saint Ignatius High School brings together two legacy institutions in service of others.

Learn more in the latest issue of Caritas, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s community newsletter: http://bit.ly/1p4jp1N, Join St. Vincent Charity Medical Center as they countdown to their 150th anniversary celebration with 150 days of fun facts! “Like” our Facebook page and you can get in on the yearlong anniversary celebration! For more information visit http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2014/04/10/Were-growing-our-social-media-presence-with-STV150.aspx, Join us Friday, April 25th for the next Zella Hall Ethics Luncheon. This month’s presentation topic is “Hope in the Face of a Terminal Diagnosis.” 

Lunch will be provided. To RSVP for this event, please call 216.363.3312., Have you heard about our new partnership with the Downtown Farmers' Market at 5th Street Arcades?! We are thrilled to announce that we have joined on as the market’s Food Access and Equity Partner for the 2014-2015 season. Learn more about how the Downtown Farmers' Market and St. Vincent Charity Medical Center are helping Clevelanders gain access to healthy, nutritious foods in this cleveland.com article: http://bit.ly/1ssP4cz

Mark your calendars – the market moves outdoors to Public Square on Friday, June 13th!, null, If you’re thinking about weight loss surgery, our free informational seminar is the best place to start. 

Join us at our next seminar tomorrow evening at Mercy Medical Center in Canton. Experts from the Center for Bariatric Surgery will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether weight loss surgery is right for you.

To register, call 888.362.9732 or visit http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, It’s opening day here in Cleveland and we have a great view of #Tribetown! Let’s go Cleveland Indians!, Having total joint replacement surgery? Don’t miss our next informational class Monday, April 7th from 2-3 pm. Our team will help to prepare you with tips about diet and exercise prior to your stay, what to expect during your stay, and how best to recover once you go home. To register, call 888-362-9732., Stay connected with St. Vincent Charity—subscribe to our community e-newsletter, Caritas. Caritas is published three times a year and features hospital and health-related news, as well as stories about our Caregivers and patients. The Spring 2014 issue comes out this week!

Sign up now --> http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt, Today is the last day to sign up for insurance on Health Insurance Marketplace at healthcare.gov. Our navigator is here to help. Call Rachel at 216.206.6419. #getcovered, Did you know today is National Doctors’ Day? 

Today we celebrate all of our physicians for providing clinical excellence and human compassion to all of our patients. On this day and every day we recognize and celebrate your dedicated commitment and contribution to the healing mission of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., Tomorrow is National Doctors' Day. We use this day to recognize our physicians, their work and their contributions to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center.

Which SVCMC doctor would you like to thank? Let us know in the comments below!, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center celebrated National Doctors’ Day today with our medical staff. Congratulations to Dr. Michael Canales, foot and ankle surgeon, for being named our 2014 Doctor of the Year! Below is Dr. Canales, left, pictured with SVCMC President and CEO, Dr. David Perse. 

Thank you to all of our physicians for your dedicated commitment and contribution to the healing mission of SVCMC., Thank you to everyone who participated in our live chat with a dietitian! We had lots of great questions! If you would like to learn more or want to schedule an appointment with Jen or Kevin, call 216.592.2801.

If you missed it live, you can view the entire replay of the conversation here on our Facebook page:  http://on.fb.me/1hpOKFD, Jen and Kevin are here to answer all of your nutrition related questions! We have about 20 minutes left in our Q&A session. Jump over to the live chat happening now: http://on.fb.me/1hpOKFD, Questions for a dietitian? Our live chat with Registered Dietitians Jen Del Rio and Kevin Thomas is now open. To enter the chat, visit: http://on.fb.me/1hpOKFD

We'll be taking your questions for the next hour., Get your questions ready! 45 minutes to go until our live Q&A with dietitians Jen Del Rio and Kevin Thomas. The chat will open at noon on our website here: http://bit.ly/1rwkG0o

You can also access the chat right here on our Facebook page at: http://on.fb.me/1hpOKFD

We look forward to answering all of your questions!, We're celebrating National Doctor's Day today! So proud of our incredible Medical Staff. Thank you for all you do!, Chat LIVE with a SVCMC dietitian today at 12 PM EST. Our dietitians can answer any of your questions related to #nutrition, #dieting, weight maintenance, cooking, meal planning and bariatrics. 

Share this post with friends and family who may interested in speaking with a registered dietitian!, Don't forget -- tomorrow is our LIVE chat with two of SVCMC's registered dietitians! Our dietitians can answer any of your questions related to #nutrition, #dieting, weight maintenance, cooking, meal planning and bariatrics. 

To set a reminder for the event or for more information, visit:  http://bit.ly/1rwkG0o, We are pleased to offer education on common medical conditions we see here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Our health and wellness offerings are designed to help you access information you need to be well. 

To learn more, visit the Health and Wellness section of our website at: http://bit.ly/1haTEXE, Have questions for a dietitian? Join us Thursday, March 27th at noon for a live q&a with dietitians Jen Del Rio and Kevin Thomas. 

To set a reminder for the event or learn more about Jen and Kevin, visit: http://bit.ly/1rwkG0o, In celebration of National Nutrition Month, we will be hosting a live chat with two of our registered dieticians. Join us Thursday, March 27th at noon here on our FB page or on our website for the live Q&A. To set a reminder for the event or for more info, visit: http://bit.ly/1jibWFo, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is a proud sponsor of the film “Alive Inside” at this year's Cleveland International Film Festival. You can catch the film's premiere on 3/23 at 3 p.m. or 3/24 at 6:15 p.m. at Tower City Cinemas. To buy tickets or for more information, visit: http://bit.ly/1laC6OS

#CIFF38, Questions about weight loss or healthy eating? In celebration of National Nutrition Month, we will be hosting a live chat with two of our registered dieticians. Join us Thursday, March 27th at noon here on our FB page or on our website for the live Q&A.

Get your questions ready!, Congratulations to Nicki Banks, Program Administrator in the Office of Graduate Medical Education, for being selected as the 2013 Caregiver of the Year!, Happy St. Patrick’s Day! Celebrate this year with some of these healthier versions of classic Irish recipes like lamb stew, bangers and mash, corned beef hash, Irish soda bread and more: http://bit.ly/1p3nLAY, Let’s celebrate National Social Work Month!

March has been designated as National Social Work Month. Social workers across the country use this month to increase awareness of the profession and educate others on who social workers are and what they do. St. Vincent Charity Medical Center would like to thank our social workers for all that they do!, Questions about weight loss or healthy eating? In celebration of National Nutrition Month we will be hosting a live chat with two of our registered dieticians. Join us Wednesday, March 27th at noon here on our FB page and on our website for the live Q&A. 

Mark your calendars!, Enjoy the taste of eating right!

Here's another tip from the Nutrition Services department and the Wellness Committee at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., Did you know March is National Nutrition Month? The Nutrition Services Department and the Wellness Committee at SVCMC have teamed up to provide everyone with some healthy nutrition tips throughout the month.  

What are you going to do this week to burn some calories?, Meet our newest Guardian Angels: Ellen, Jimmy and Valerie! Ellen, a Registered Nurse, and Jimmy, a Patient Care Associate, were honored as Guardian Angels by a patient they cared for as a team. Valerie was recognized for her kindness and consideration toward patients in her role as Registration Interviewer in the Admitting Office. If you'd like to make a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel at St. Vincent Charity, please visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa 

Top: Ellen and Jimmy, center, with Nursing Director Anna, left, and Staffing Manager Gail, right.
Bottom: Valerie, right, receiving her Guardian Angel pin from Revenue Cycle Operations Director Nan, left., It's not too late to sign up for tonight's FREE #weightloss surgery seminar at Southwest General Hospital. Dr. Craig Eyman, bariatric surgeon, and experts from the Center for Bariatric Surgery will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether weight loss surgery is right for you.

To register call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, Make 2014 YOUR YEAR to get healthy!

Join us for our next FREE #weightloss surgery seminar Monday, March 10th at Southwest General Hospital. Dr. Craig Eyman, bariatric surgeon, and experts from the Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether weight loss surgery is right for you.

To register call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, “Attend the free seminar. Go to the seminar--what you will see is you are not alone. There are a lot of people out like us out there looking for this type of service that will help you regain your life so you can enjoy the rest of your life."

After having #bariatric surgery at St. Vincent Charity, Tito lost more than 129 pounds. Hear Tito's whole story at: http://bit.ly/1dsWhmb

To sign up for a seminar, visit: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, Congratulations to Linda Foy, Infection Control Practitioner, for being selected as the February Caregiver of the Month! Linda’s nomination read:

“Linda is a living example of the mission here at SVCMC. She puts patient safety and quality of patient care first in her day to day activities. She is always looking for new ways to keep the hospital and patients safe through surveillance, introducing new products, safety rounding and educating Caregivers. She is considered an expert in her field by her peers, physicians and coworkers. She is always available to assist others when needed.”, Thank you to everyone who participated in our live cardiology q&a with Dr. Michael Koch! If you missed it live, you can view the entire replay of the conversation here on our Facebook page: http://on.fb.me/1hpOKFD, Dr. Koch is here to answer your heart health questions! We're a little over halfway through our Q&A session. Jump over to the live chat w/ Dr. Michael Koch happening now: http://bit.ly/1c9infe, Questions for a cardiologist? Our live chat with Dr. Michael Koch is now open. To enter the chat, visit: http://bit.ly/1c9infe

We'll be taking your questions for the next hour., Get your questions ready! One hour to go until our live cardiology Q&A with Dr. Michael Koch. The chat will open at noon on our website here: http://bit.ly/1c9infe. 

You can also access the chat right here on our Facebook page. 

We look forward to answering all of your questions!, In celebration of National Heart Month, we will be hosting a live Q&A session with Dr. Michael Koch Thursday, February 27th at noon. Dr. Koch is board certified in cardiology and is looking forward to answering all of your questions related to heart health!

The live chat will open 2/27 at noon and will be accessible on our Facebook page and on our website here: http://bit.ly/1c9infe, In celebration of National Heart Month, we will be hosting a live Q&A session with Dr. Michael Koch Thursday, February 27th at noon. The live chat will be accessible on SVCMC's website, as well as our Facebook page.

Dr. Koch is board certified in cardiology and is looking forward to answering all of your questions related to heart health! Sign up for a reminder here: http://bit.ly/1c9infe

Share this post with family and friends who may have heart health questions!, Cardiology Q&A – 2/27 at NOON

We’ll be hosting a live Facebook chat this Thursday, February 27th at noon with Dr. Michael Koch on cardiology and heart disease prevention. Dr. Koch is board certified in cardiology and is looking forward to answering all of your questions related to heart health!, It's not too late to sign up for tonight's bariatric seminar!

We’ll be raffling off a Fitbit at tonight’s FREE #weightloss surgery seminar. Join us tonight at the Center for Bariatric Surgery for your chance to win. Take the first step toward your new life and register today. Call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, Trying to eat healthy, but don't want to break the bank? Then here's an article for you. Check out these tips from the American Heart Association on maintaining a healthy diet on a budget: http://bit.ly/1h6emXW, "Addiction is a disease that affects the part of the brain that controls behavior. So when a person’s addiction is out of control their behaviors are out of control. People with addiction are absolutely responsible for their behaviors, but they didn’t try to get their disease. So a person with addiction should not feel guilty for having the disease, but they should feel responsible for getting the help they need to treat their disease."

Hear more from Dr. Ted Parran, Co-Medical Director of Rosary Hall, on the recently launched Let's Face Heroin website: http://bit.ly/1fwl7hX, The #Fitbit is a slim, stylish device that is with you all the time. During the day, it tracks steps, distance, and calories burned. At night, it tracks your sleep quality and wakes you silently in the morning. It’s the motivation you need to get out and be more active.

We’ll be raffling off a Fitbit at our next #weightloss surgery seminar. Join us for the February 24th seminar at the Center for Bariatric Surgery for your chance to win. Take the first step toward your new life and register today. Call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx

Share this post to help spread the word!, In our latest blog post, we recognize our generous donors who made contributions to the St. Vincent Charity Development Foundation in 2013. Thank you for your investment in our mission of healing, established nearly 150 years ago by the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine.

To view our blog --> http://bit.ly/1jRdNVr, Let’s face it. Heroin addiction is real. 

Heroin use in Cuyahoga and surrounding counties is not only on the rise, but it’s taking lives at unprecedented levels. Let's Face Heroin is a public awareness campaign that is designed to help families, neighborhoods, users, teens and parents recognize that heroin is a genuine threat to our community. Dr. Ted Parran, Co-Medical Director of Rosary Hall, shares some insight on heroin addiction in this video featured on the campaign's site: http://bit.ly/1fwl7hX

If you or a loved one is struggling with addiction, St. Vincent Charity can help. To contact Rosary Hall, call 216.363.2580—press 4 to speak with a Caregiver immediately., Saint Luke's Internal Medicine Foundation sponsored an essay contest for Cleveland Municipal high school students. The students were asked to write an essay focused on specific issues that can be addressed to make the citizens of Cleveland healthier. Prizes will be awarded to the top three student entries.

Additionally, Clevelanders can view the five finalists’ essays on cleveland.com to vote for a “Readers Choice” prize. This winner will receive a $500 scholarship. Click here to view the essays and vote: http://bit.ly/1eMVxnU
, Want to win a #Fitbit?! We’ll be raffling off a Fitbit at one of our upcoming #weightloss surgery seminars. Join us for the February 24th seminar at the Center for Bariatric Surgery for your chance to win. Take the first step toward your new life and register today.
Call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, SVCMC offers multiple #diabetessupport groups throughout the year. Mark your calendars—the group’s first meeting of the year will be February 27, 2014 from 9:30 - 11 am in Suite 310 of the Medical Office Building.

Group discussions focus on self-management skills and the everyday challenges and successes of living with #diabetes. The group provides inspiration and motivation for those newly diagnosed to those living with diabetes for many years. This is a free service offered by the Outpatient Diabetes Program. For more information, please call 216.363.2770., Special dinner date with your valentine tonight? Before you go, check out these tips from the American Heart Association on eating healthy when you dine out: http://bit.ly/Mk5O4M, Happy Valentine's Day from all the Caregivers of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, Today is SVCMC’s 150th Anniversary Caregiver Launch Party! Caregivers and friends are all invited to stop by and learn how to get involved with the hospital's upcoming yearlong celebration #SVCMC150, Sweets for your sweetie! These chocolate dessert recipes are easy to make and are a bit healthier than most Valentine's Day treats: http://bit.ly/1m96iLb, Want to win a #Fitbit?! We’ll be raffling off a Fitbit at one of our upcoming #weightloss surgery seminars. Join us for the February 24th seminar at the Center for Bariatric Surgery for your chance to win. Take the first step toward your new life and register today. 
Call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, A prayer for all those who work in Catholic health care on the World Day of the Sick, from the The Catholic Health Association of the United States

Loving God, you created us with the capacity to heal, to restore and to offer peace through our role in Catholic health care ministry. Help us to be signs of love and compassion in the world today — honoring every person we meet who is in need of healing. When our burdens are heavy, renew us, remind us of the blessing of our calling and reawaken our commitment to the healing ministry. Amen., Today is World Day of the Sick, an observation introduced by Pope John Paul II as a way for believers to offer prayers for those suffering from illnesses. The day coincides with the commemoration of Our Lady of Lourdes and is an important opportunity for those who serve in Catholic health ministry to reflect on caring for those who are sick as well as those who provide care to them.

Throughout the day our Chaplains and Caregivers in Pastoral Care have been listening to prayers from patients, visitors and Caregivers., Need health insurance? #GetCovered today! Meet with a navigator to learn what options are available to you. A navigator from the Cuyahoga Health Access Partnership - CHAP is here on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays to help you. Call Rachel at 216.206.6419 for more information or to schedule an appointment., Today our Caregivers are donned in red to support American Heart Association's #gored day! Check out our patient representatives, Anne and Marijo, sporting their red. #ClevelandgoesRED, Heart surgeon leaves native Syria to come back “home” to St. Vincent Charity. Learn more about Dr. Ghassan Moasis, cardiothoracic surgeon at SVCMC, in the Winter issue of Caritas: http://bit.ly/19dFV11

Caritas highlights the latest health and hospital-related news, our community involvement, philanthropic efforts and other stories of interest from our patients and Caregivers. To subscribe, visit: http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt, At St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, our volunteers serve as an extension of our team of compassionate, skilled Caregivers. Volunteers share in our rich history of service and volunteerism dating back to 1865 when the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine opened St. Vincent Charity to serve the sick and the poor. 

To join our team, visit our website to fill out a quick online application: http://bit.ly/1azIpYd, "The first step is scary, but it was inspiring. Because after you get there you see so many people that want to live, they want a better quality of life. Their concern is about living too, so we all have a common denominator when we attend the seminar”

After having #bariatric surgery at St. Vincent Charity, Lois lost more than 146 pounds. Hear more from Lois and other Center for Bariatric Surgery patients at stvincentcharity.com/bariatric.

To sign up for a seminar, visit: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, What is a bunion? Can bunions be prevented? 

Get answers to these and some other commonly asked questions regarding bunions from Dr. Michael Canales, Foot and Ankle Specialist at SVCMC. Learn more about bunions and bunion surgery: http://bit.ly/1apQyyf
, There's still time to sign up for our next FREE informational seminar on #weightloss surgery. Join us February 3rd at 6 pm at the Strongsville Holiday Inn. Experts from the Center for #Bariatric Surgery will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether weight loss surgery is right for you.

To register call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, It’s called the BIG game, but it doesn’t have to mean BIG calories! Swap out the usual #SuperBowlSunday foods for these healthy game time snacks: http://bit.ly/1ddECui 

Recipes courtesy of EatingWell., SVCMC offers multiple #diabetessupport groups throughout the year. Mark your calendars—the group’s first meeting of the year will be February 27, 2014 from 9:30 - 11 am in Suite 310 of the Medical Office Building. 

Group discussions focus on self-management skills and the everyday challenges and successes of living with #diabetes. The group provides inspiration and motivation for those newly diagnosed to those living with diabetes for many years. This is a free service offered by the Outpatient Diabetes Program. For more information, please call 216.363.2770., Make 2014 YOUR YEAR to get healthy!

We’ve recently added a new #bariatric seminar location in the Strongsville area. Join us for our next FREE informational seminar February 3rd at 6 pm at the Strongsville Holiday Inn. Experts from the Center for Bariatric Surgery at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center will be on site to answer questions and present all the information you need to make an informed decision on whether #weightloss surgery is right for you.

To register call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/1aI6Gvx, Nothing like being in the right place at the right time! Spotted the #weareallcaregivers bus outside the hospital this morning. Have you seen the bus around the Cleveland area?, We are pleased to welcome Craig Eyman, DO, to our Medical Staff as a bariatric surgeon in our Center for Bariatric Surgery. Learn more about Dr. Eyman in our latest blog post: http://bit.ly/1i8DugV

For more information on the Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC: http://bit.ly/18y7UIK, Another cold day here in Cleveland! When extreme cold strikes, it’s important to stay informed and recognize the signs of weather-related health problems. Here are some commonly asked questions regarding severe winter weather and extreme cold, courtesy of the CDC: http://1.usa.gov/1iHzx5E, Looking for a delicious #meatlessmonday meal? Look no further! Try this Butternut Squash & Quinoa Pilaf recipe from Bev, Clinical Nutrition Manager at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center: 

--> http://bit.ly/19dFV11 
, Read more about how a total hip replacement turned a Huron man into an Ironman in the latest issue of Caritas, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s community newsletter: http://bit.ly/19dFV11

Caritas highlights the latest health and hospital-related news, our community involvement, philanthropic efforts and other stories of interest from our patients and Caregivers. To subscribe, visit: http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt, Today we're throwing it back to 1965, when St. Vincent Charity was celebrating its centennial anniversary! Here are a few photos from one of our historical documents. #throwbackthursday #tbt, Congratulations to the January Caregiver of the Month!

Lauren Wilk
Marketing/Volunteer Coordinator

The Service Excellence Committee members voted and Lauren was chosen.  Here is what was written on her nomination:

“She is very kind in her actions and her words.  She displays a sincere desire to serve and to extend to those she rubs elbows with caring and dedication…along with a sense of humor and an appreciation for the gifts of others.  She is always willing to put her own work aside to help someone else achieve a goal.”

Lauren is also the person who does an amazing job of managing our social media, including our Facebook page. I'm grateful to have her on my team. Wendy Hoke, Need health insurance? #GetCovered today! Meet with a navigator to learn what options are available to you. A navigator from Cuyahoga Health Access Partnership - CHAP is here on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays to help you. Call Rachel at 216.206.6419 for more information or to schedule an appointment., May we all share in the spirit of Dr. King today #MLKDay, Today in #SVCMCHistory -- On January 19, 1956, cardiac surgeon Earle B. Kay, MD, made medical history when he successfully performed the first open heart surgery in the Midwest at St. Vincent Charity. This was only the third open heart operation to be performed nationwide. 

During the operation the Kay-Cross heart lung machine, which Dr. Kay helped develop, artificially maintained the patient’s blood oxygenation and circulation., Did you know St. Vincent Charity opened Cleveland's first #Hyperbaric Medicine Center in 1993? Today, we are the only #hospital in #NortheastOhio offering 24/7 emergency access to hyperbaric oxygen therapy chambers., Need health insurance? Get covered today! Meet with a navigator to learn what options are available to you. A navigator from Cuyahoga Health Access Partnership - CHAP is here on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays to help you. Call Rachel at 216.206.6419 for more information or to schedule an appointment. #Getcovered, Head on over to the Health & Wellness section of our website to check out the latest classes, events, screenings and support groups happening at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. 

--> http://bit.ly/1b49jpp, Don’t wait. Get control of your health today! 

For many, morbid obesity has become a way of life, but it doesn’t have to be. There is an answer: weight loss surgery. Learn more about the Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC in the latest issue of Caritas: http://bit.ly/19dFV11, There’s still time to sign up for this Friday’s Zella Hall Ethics Luncheon! To RSVP for this event, please call the Pastoral Care department at 216.363.3312., On November 19, 2013, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, in partnership with the Northeast Ohio Media Group, took viewers inside the operating room to view a live knee surgery. Here are some photos from throughout the day as we followed our patient's journey through knee replacement., Trying to eat healthy in the New Year? Stick to your resolution and try out some of these great low-calorie dinner recipes in 2014!

http://bit.ly/1dofN32, Join us this Friday for the first Zella Hall Ethics Luncheon of 2014 featuring speakers from St. Vincent Charity's Pastoral Care department. To RSVP for this event, please call 216.363.3312., Need a doctor? Finding a doctor is easy on our new website! Search through detailed profiles of our physicians using the “Find a Physician” tool. Here you’ll find information on office hours, insurance, physician backgrounds and much more. 

Visit our website to find a doctor today: http://bit.ly/1kskLRN, Meet Lisa, Health Care Navigator at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Learn more about Lisa and our health care navigation program in the winter issue of Caritas, SVCMC’s community newsletter: http://bit.ly/19dFV11

To subscribe --> http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt, Need health insurance? @CHAPOhio navigator is here today from 10a to4p. Call Rachel 216-206-6419 for appt. Navigator is here on Monday, Wednesday and Friday in our Healthcare Center. #GetCovered, null, We had water pipe burst internally today and had to temporarily shut off water. But repair is complete and water service is restored., Please share with your friends, family and neighbors. The city of Cleveland has set up warming center at the city recreation centers. 

http://clecityhall.com/2014/01/03/city-recreation-centers-to-serve-as-warming-centers/, Fight the freezing temperatures in Cleveland today with a hot bowl of soup! Try warming up with some of these healthy winter soup recipes: http://bit.ly/1dtC5jy, Snow is falling across northeast Ohio and is expected to continue throughout the evening. Check out these tips from FEMA Federal Emergency Management Agency for staying safe when winter weather strikes: http://1.usa.gov/JM1qty

Stay safe, Clevelanders!, Happy New Year to all! Thanks for your incredible support in 2013. Special thanks to our incredible Caregivers working this night. Wishing you and yours many blessings in 2014!, Merry Christmas from the Caregivers of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, Don't forget! Today is our annual Christmas program at 2 pm in the Chapel. If you're in the downtown area, stop by and celebrate the holiday season with the Caregivers of St. Vincent Charity!, Live from the OR, it's total knee replacement surgery! In our latest blog post, we recap last month’s live streamed knee surgery. Partnering with the Northeast Ohio Media Group, close to 4,000 people were able to tune in through video and Twitter as a patient underwent total knee replacement surgery.

Visit our blog: http://bit.ly/18RQDEM
Catch up on the entire “New Knee, New Life” series: http://bit.ly/1kW1WB6, The halls have been decked and we are getting into the holiday spirit at St. Vincent Charity! If you're looking for a little holiday cheer, join us on Thursday at 2 pm for our annual Christmas program in the Holy Trinity Chapel. Come celebrate with readings, music and singing performed by our very talented Caregivers. Reception with cookies and cocoa to follow!, null, Every year, St. Vincent Charity offers each of our Caregivers a turkey during the holiday season. Caregivers may choose to take their bird home or donate it to charity. This year we almost emptied the truck! Thanks to everyone who helped with the turkey distribution!, If you’ve encountered some roadblocks on the way to your #weightloss goal, the new year is the best time to get back on track and Back to Basics! Back to Basics is a series of classes for individuals who have already undergone #bariatric surgery. First class will be held on January 13—register now to reserve your spot!, Did you know peppermint eases tension headaches? Just in time for the holiday season, here are 5 health benefits of peppermint!

http://huff.to/1gtgtXE, John Favaloro is well on his way to recovery after undergoing a live-streamed knee replacement surgery back in November. This week he had his first outpatient physical therapy appointment at our Rockside Diagnostic Imaging Center in Independence. John met with Jim Long, his physical therapist he’s been working with since before surgery. 

Catch up with John in the latest “New Knee, New Life” story on cleveland.com: http://bit.ly/1h71JuV, Did you know it's National Influenza Vaccination Week? According to the CDC flu is currently on the rise in Ohio. An annual flu vaccine is the single best way to prevent this serious illness. Use the HealthMap Vaccine Finder to search for nearby locations where you can get the vaccination: http://bit.ly/18GN0o6, Congratulations to Dave, IT Analyst, Information Technology, for being selected as the December Caregiver of the Month! Dave’s nomination read:

“Over the past 12 months, Dave has toiled tirelessly in his cubicle in IT to get various parts of our electronic record function at a level that has enhanced the ability of all of our Caregivers to function more efficiently and provide safe and timely care for our patients. In the world that we live in today, the role of the IT analyst who works on an EMR and makes sure that the thousands of functions that it performs do so with minimal disruption or frustration cannot be over emphasized. Dave’s attention to detail and the pride that he takes in his work are exemplary.”, Join us for our annual Christmas program featuring special performances and readings by our very talented Caregivers. Hope to see you there!, Over the past few months, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s Community Benefit Planning Committee met to define priority health issues in the community, based on data from the 2012 Cuyahoga Community Health Needs Assessment. This process allows us to focus our resources toward prevention, education, wellness and outreach that will have the greatest impact on the community we serve. 

Visit our website to read our full plan: http://bit.ly/1gXiKb5, Hot off the press! The latest issue of Caritas, SVCMC's community newsletter, has arrived. Visit http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt to subscribe to our mailing list., Having total joint replacement surgery? Don’t miss our next informational class this Thursday, December 12 from 2-3 pm in the St. Vincent de Paul Room at SVCMC.

Visit our website to learn more about the latest advanced surgical treatments and technologies available at the Spine and Orthopedic Institute at SVCMC: http://bit.ly/18JdwQg, Today in #SVCMCHistory: On December 6, 1954 St. Vincent Charity put into operation the first fluoroscope in Ohio. The machine for diagnosing heart disease was installed in the hospital’s cardiopulmonary laboratory, under the direction of Henry A. Zimmerman, MD. The fluoroscope produced a 3D image of the heart that was 200 times clearer than previous technology could create. 

Pictured below (left to right): Dr. Earle B. Kay, Dr. Matthew Levy and Dr. Henry Zimmerman., Beginning in January, the Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC will be hosting a series of classes for individuals who have already undergone #bariatric surgery. Back to Basics is designed to help patients stay on track through their #weightloss journey. First class will be held on January 13—register now to reserve your spot!, Did you know St. Vincent Charity was the first hospital in Cleveland to install its own radio station? Radio W.E.L.L. broadcast religious services, music, interviews and hospital news from the transmitter booth directly to patient rooms. Pictured here is Sister Mary Augusta, CSA, demonstrating how to use the equipment. #throwbackthursday #tbt, Stay connected with St. Vincent Charity—subscribe to our community e-newsletter, Caritas. Caritas is published three times a year and features hospital and health-related news, as well as stories about our Caregivers and patients. The winter 2013 issue is coming out soon! 

Sign up now --> http://bit.ly/1ccYZrt 

Visit our website to catch up on past issues --> http://bit.ly/IFXvOp, Check out this story about Dr. Michael Canales and his patient in the December issue of Cleveland Magazine. 
http://clevelandmagazine.com/ME2/dirmod.asp?sid=E73ABD6180B44874871A91F6BA5C249C&nm=Article+Archives&type=Publishing&mod=Publications%3A%3AArticle&mid=1578600D80804596A222593669321019&tier=4&id=8419A306308C4743ADFFF3632797AA46, null, During your time at St. Vincent Charity, was there a special Caregiver you counted on to brighten your day? Maybe your doctor, a friendly nurse or any other Caregiver who made a difference through their kindness and service.

The Guardian Angel program at SVCMC is a way to let that exceptional Caregiver know you noticed and are thankful for their service. In celebration of #givingtuesday, consider making a gift in honor of your Guardian Angel: http://bit.ly/1aut7gL, What causes chronic knee pain?

Am I a candidate for surgery? 

How do I avoid complications after surgery?

After watching our live stream of knee replacement surgery, you may have some new questions about the procedure. The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons provides a nice, comprehensive look at total knee replacements. Learn more about what happens before, during and after surgery: http://bit.ly/1b4HcqW

Visit cleveland.com/knee to catch up on the entire “New Knee, New Life” series., After two days of awesome shopping deals, there is now a national day designated for giving back—#givingtuesday! Make a difference today with a gift to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and help us continue providing compassionate, high-quality health care services to the Greater Cleveland area. Your support of our mission will heal individuals, families and communities.

To make a gift or to learn more visit: http://bit.ly/18XQlQa, It’s not too late to sign up for tonight’s bariatric seminar! This FREE informational seminar will take place at the The Middleburg Heights Recreation Department at 6 p.m. Learn more about weight loss surgery and get answers to any questions you may have. To register, call 216.592.2838.

Learn more about the Center for Bariatric Surgery at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center: http://bit.ly/18y7UIK, Looking for something to do with all that leftover turkey? Check out these healthy recipes to reuse what’s leftover from yesterday’s Thanksgiving feast: http://bit.ly/1fP7WxP, Today’s forecast is calling for snow—and lots of it! Read through these tips from WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland to stay safe on the roads when winter weather strikes: http://on.wkyc.com/17RhdAq, We're so proud of our doctors. Meet our Guardian Angels: Top left to right: Dr. Michael Canales, podiatric surgeon; Dr. Jim Boyle, gastroenterology; and Dr. Patrick Hergenroeder, orthopedic surgeon. Bottom left to right: Dr. Betsy Macintyre, gastroenterology and Dr. Young Kim, neurosurgery. Pictured with them are Frank Ballish and Joanne Clark from the St. Vincent Charity Development Foundation. If you'd like to make a gift in honor of a Caregiver, please visit www.stvincentcharity.com/giving., Did you miss the live tweet from the OR on Tuesday? No worries. You can follow the entire New Knee, New Life series, including video of the complete surgery at www.cleveland.com/knee. #stvknee, John took his first steps on his new knee this morning. See how he's doing the day after his surgery in today's "New Knee, New Life" story on cleveland.com: http://bit.ly/1bDFHeu, Here's the story from today's surgery. #stvknee Say hey to Denice Hunek, our amazing director of surgery! :) 

http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2013/11/new_knee_new_life_knee_replace.html, Meet Pat Hanrahan, our patient services ambassador.
http://instagram.com/p/g5hR-HLOud/, Dr. Lou Keppler (left) describes how he chose his implant for John Favaloro with SVCMC President and CEO (and general surgeon) Dr. David Perse. #stvknee, null, #StVKnee was trending in Cleveland on Twitter!, Wow! What a great video. You can watch the replay of our total knee replacement surgery here.

http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2013/11/new_knee_new_life_watch_live_v.html#incart_river#incart_big-photo, Meet Alphonso Hill, who works in Environmental Services in the OR. We know him as Hollywood!, We're just about ready to start our live surgery. Here's a message from Dr. Keppler., Good morning. It's Live Tweet day today at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Downtown Cleveland was beautiful this morning. Here's the view from Room 614, which will be John's room while he stays with us., Tomorrow's knee replacement surgery has been scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Tweet us your questions using the hashtag #stvknee., Get your questions ready!

Our live tweet of knee replacement surgery takes place tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. Follow along with us on Twitter and live stream video via cleveland.com. For more info, check out our latest blog post on stvincentcharity.com: http://bit.ly/178nJCv

#StVKnee #NewKnee, Meet John Favaloro and his family. John is having knee replacement surgery here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center tomorrow. You can watch the surgery via live video feed cleveland.com and on Twitter. You'll be able to ask questions of our surgeon, Dr. Lou Keppler during the operation. Don't miss this rare chance to get inside the OR! 
http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2013/11/new_knee_new_life_john_favalor_1.html#incart_river_default, Get your questions ready!
 
Our live tweet of knee replacement surgery takes place Tuesday, November 19th, late morning. Follow along with us on Twitter and live stream video via Cleveland.com. For more info, check out our latest blog post on stvincentcharity.com: http://bit.ly/178nJCv

#StVKnee #NewKnee, Congratulations to Debra, Environmental Services, for being selected as the November Caregiver of the Month! Debra’s nomination read:

“Debra is a very kind and compassionate caregiver. Her upbeat personality meshes well with fellow Caregivers, patients and visitors alike. Patients just love her! Debra’s greatest asset to the patient experience is her ability to listen. She digests each word with compassion and caring and responds within the mission of the hospital with faith and diligence. She respects the dignity of our patients and treats all people the same no matter their social status—everyone is VIP. Debra always has time to take a minute to chat with her patients and give words of inspiration. She takes care of each patient area as if she were cleaning for a loved one.”, Don’t forget! Tonight the Center for Bariatric Surgery is hosting a Pre-Operative Readiness Group from 5:30 to 7 p.m. You’ll have the opportunity to chat with physician assistants and registered dieticians and learn ways to prepare for your surgery and care for yourself after surgery. No registration is required.

This month’s topics include:
- Preventing complications after surgery
- The importance of label reading for staying healthy and losing weight after surgery

Learn more about the Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC: http://bit.ly/1fBiQV7, Congratulations to our newest Guardian Angels--Dr. Betsy Macintyre, gastroenterology, and Dr. Patrick Hergenroeder, orthopedic surgery. These two physicians were singled out by grateful patients for their compassionate care. Learn more about our Guardian Angel program at:
www.stvincentcharity.com/giving, Are you planning on following our live tweet of a knee replacement surgery on November 19th? If you’re new to Twitter, here are some great tips to help get you started: http://bit.ly/HLrxQx

Share this post with family and friends who may be candidates for knee replacement surgery!, Hey Cleveland Metropolitan School District high school students. Don't miss your opportunity to win scholarship money through the St. Vincent St. Luke's Medical Staff essay contest. Time is running out. Submit your essay today!

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/newsroom/essay-contest/, null, On November 11, 2000 St. Vincent Charity celebrated its 135th anniversary at Pizzazz, the hospital’s signature fundraising gala. The occasion also marked the incredible 150th anniversary of the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine in Cleveland.

In October 2014 we will kick off our yearlong 150th anniversary celebration! #SVCMCHistory, Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to those who have and continue to serve our country., Join the Center for Bariatric Surgery this Wednesday for the monthly Pre-Operative Readiness Group from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. This class is designed to help CBS patients prepare for their upcoming surgery. You’ll have the opportunity to chat with physician assistants and registered dieticians and learn ways to prepare for your surgery and care for yourself after surgery.

This month’s topics include:
- Preventing complications after surgery
- The importance of label reading for staying healthy and losing weight after surgery

No registration is required. Classes are held at the Center for Bariatric Surgery in Suite 207 of the Medical Office Building across the street from the hospital., Are you a candidate for knee replacement surgery? Wonder what happens during surgery? Read more about the process on the front page of today's Plain Dealer from orthopedic surgeon Dr. Lou Keppler. And be sure to follow along with our live tweet on Nov. 19th on cleveland.com and our own Twitter page. , We all know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. However, when you’re rushing out the door in the morning it can be easy to forget about that first meal. Try out some of these healthy breakfast recipes this week to get your day started – ready in 15 minutes or less!

View the recipes: http://bit.ly/1gx4S9K, Check out the second installment of the New Life, New Life story on cleveland.com. This week's story features an extensive interview and video with our own Dr. Lou Keppler.

http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2013/11/new_knee_new_life_total_knee_r.html#incart_river_default, Have you gotten your #flu shot yet? Here’s a quick #flufact for your Friday afternoon:

The single best way to protect yourself against #influenza is by getting vaccinated. Influenza is a viral infection and cannot be treated by antibiotics. Taking antibiotics when they aren’t needed contributes to the serious problem of antibiotic resistance. Antibiotics are not an appropriate substitute for the influenza vaccine., St. Vincent Charity’s rich history dates back to 1865 when the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine opened the hospital to serve the sick and the poor. Head on over to our new and improved website to view a comprehensive timeline of our history in the city of Cleveland: http://bit.ly/17HshCS

#throwbackthursday #SVCMCHistory, Have questions about knee replacement surgery? Interested in learning more about the procedure? Want to check out a live surgery?
 
If you answered yes to any of these questions then be sure to tune into our live tweet of a knee replacement surgery on November 19th! Follow along with us on Twitter as we take you in the operating room with Dr. Lou Keppler, Co-Director of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute. Viewers will be able to ask questions and get an inside look at a live knee replacement. 

The Cleveland Plain Dealer and cleveland.com are following our patient through this journey; check out the intro story here:  http://bit.ly/1au3PyW

Follow us on Twitter: http://bit.ly/1balbFx, In observation of National Diabetes Month, the Diabetes Education department at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center would like to debunk some common myths surrounding the disease. Stay tuned throughout the month for more Myths vs. Facts related to diabetes.

Learn more about Diabetes Education at SVCMC: http://bit.ly/1aFLjtq, Here's the link to the story about Shannon Jerse.
http://www.crainscleveland.com/article/20131103/GENERAL13/311039976/1076/TOC?Profile=1076, Congratulations to our own Shannon Jerse, named a finalist to Crain's Cleveland Business General and In-House Counsel honorees. Way to go, Shannon!, Did you know that the American Medical Association has officially recognized obesity as a disease? The means that this medical group nows views obesity as a "multimetabolic and hormonal disease state" that can lead to Type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Learn about your options at our next seminar on Monday, Nov. 4.

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/seminar-calendar/2
 , Here's more information on weight-loss surgery versus diet and exercise. Learn more by signing up for our next seminar on Monday, Nov. 4 at the Holiday Inn in Westlake.
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/seminar-calendar/2
, A new study published Tuesday in the British Medical Journal finds that among subjects followed for at least six months and as long as two years, those who got weight-loss surgery lost on average 57 more pounds than those in nonsurgical weight programs. They were 22 times more likely to see their Type 2 diabetes abate and almost 2 1/2 times more likely to show improvements in signs of metabolic syndrome (a cluster of measures, including abdominal obesity, high fasting blood sugar, hypertension, high triglycerides and low levels of LDL, or bad cholesterol).
http://articles.latimes.com/2013/oct/22/science/la-sci-bariatric-surgery-diet-exercise--20131022, Here's a spooky #throwbackthursday pic. This floor used to be home to the Sisters who lived in the hospital., #Flu Fact: The influenza vaccine is expected to reduce illness by approximately 70 to 90% in healthy adults less than 65 years old, when the vaccine and circulating virus are well matched. The ability of the influenza vaccine to protect a person depends on the age and health status of the person getting the vaccine, and the similarity or "match" between the virus strains in the vaccine and those in circulation., Happy Halloween from the Caregivers at St. Vincent Charity! Be sure to read these Halloween safety tips from the American Academy of Pediatrics to keep your trick-or-treaters safe tonight: http://bit.ly/1hwoMkb, Members of our Health Literacy team are in Columbus today working with the Ohio Health Literacy Collaborative. Learn more about our health literacy efforts. 
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/health-literacy-institute/, We're going to be highlighting sections of our new website. Today, check out our Center for Bariatric Surgery. Links are found right on the home page. http://www.stvincentcharity.com/services/centers-and-institutes/center-for-bariatric-surgery/

You can learn more about the procedures we do here at St. Vincent and even watch animated videos. Meet our amazing team! Click on our patients to hear their experiences with our program. If you're not ready for surgery, you can also check out our nonsurgical options. And of course you can register to attend a free seminar to learn more and meet our surgeon. Check it out today!, St. Vincent is ready for #Halloween! Every year we welcome the children from Marion-Sterling Elementary to come dressed up and visit our special trick-or-treat neighborhood where they receive goodies from various hospital departments. The Caregivers in our patient escort department went all out and transformed their office into a fun haunted house! Check out their awesome decorations for the kids this year., We're very excited to be working with The Plain Dealer and Cleveland.com on a story about knee replacement surgery. Check out the intro story. We'll be tweeting live during the surgery. Get your questions together and plan to tune in on Nov. 19th.
http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2013/10/new_knee_new_life_john_favalor.html, After many, many months of work, we have finally launched our new website--www.stvincentcharity.com. Huge shout out to our friends at Aztek Web for their work on this project. We used responsive design to the site adjusts for each device screen. Let me know what you think. , We are thrilled to present to you the new www.stvincentcharity.com. Throughout the next several weeks, we'll be highlighting various sections and the changes. This new site features more white space, bolder images and bigger, more readable fonts. It was built by our web firm Aztek using responsive design. That means no matter what device you use—desktop, laptop, tablet or smart phone—the site will automatically adjust to the screen. 
 
Video content that was previously delivered in Flash (which does not work on Apple devices) was repurposed so it can be delivered in more universally accessible formats. In addition to improved visual readability, the navigation has been improved to help visitors quickly find information and services. With the use of active links and large icons, visitors can quickly act on the information found at their fingertips., Happy Birthday to @LindaUlaszewski! She's our Coordinator of Graduate Medical Education. Happy Birthday, Linda!, What does the Affordable Care Act mean for behavioral health? Hear what American Psychiatric Association President Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman has to say. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et1xzavRVOw, Hearty congratulations to Dr. John S. Collis, neurosurgeon on being recognized by Becker's Spine Review as one of the "90 90 Spinal Surgeon Device Inventors & Innovators to Know."

http://www.beckersspine.com/lists/item/17436-88-spinal-surgeon-device-inventors-innovators-to-know?utm_source=Directemail&utm_medium=pressrelease&utm_campaign=spine+surgeon+device+inventors, Thanks to all our 1,001 fans for helping to reach our goal this weekend!, Put us over the 1,000 mark. Share our page with your friends and family., So excited to be launching our new website later next week!, Good morning, Cleveland! We are so close to reaching 1,000 likes--Share this post and help us reach our next Facebook milestone!, Weight loss surgery can be a life-changing, exciting experience. Check out this blog post from an employee at Mercy Medical Center Canton Ohio, our sister hospital in Canton, who had gastric bypass surgery at St. Vincent Charity. To date, Erica has lost 165 pounds and is no longer pre-diabetic. Keep up the great work, Erica! Read her story here: http://bit.ly/1gnXbU5

To sign up for our next free informational seminar on October 21st in Canton, call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/15gSzcE, Karen Komondor, Director of Education and Chair of the Health Literacy Institute at SVCMC, spoke at the Regional Health Literacy Coalition Symposium this morning at the University of Pittsburgh. Karen shared all the great work she has done to help institutionalize health literacy at St. Vincent Charity. Since 2007, she has led the initiative with a goal to promote health literacy across the continuum of patient care. Great job, Karen!, Today our Caregivers gathered together to remember those from the SVCMC family who have passed since 2011. Each person was spoken about by a fellow Caregiver and was honored with a memorial brick made in their name. Their memory will live on in our memorial garden on the hospital's front lawn. #weareallcaregivers, SVCMC Caregivers will be at the Latino Health Fair tomorrow at La Sagrada Familia Church from noon to 5 p.m. Stop by and see us for free blood pressure and blood glucose screenings, talk to some of our Caregivers in Rosary Hall and, of course, pick up some SVCMC goodies. The event is located at 7719 Detroit Avenue in Cleveland, see you there!, Rooting for another Browns victory on Sunday? Whatever team you’re cheering on this weekend, make sure you’re making good tailgating choices! Check out some of these healthy tailgating recipes from EatingWell to make the game day experience one you won’t regret later: http://bit.ly/18VczRd, Remember that we're here to support you even after surgery. Don't hesitate to call if you need a little tune up. #bariatric graduation, Diann Finn, Denice Hunek are nurses running our OR, along with Sue Howell, CNO at bariatric graduation., 7,391=total number of pounds lost by this year's bariatric graduates. Congratulations!, Christine Miceli-Hahn, PA, and her husband Dr. Bill Hahn at bariatric graduation., Dr. Chandra Hassan, medical director of Center for Bariatric Surgery, chats with Dr. Zhara, cardiologist, at annual bariatric graduation ceremony., null, Congratulations to Gloria, a Mental Health Tech in the Psychiatric Emergency Department, for being selected as the October Caregiver of the Month! Gloria had MANY nominations submitted for her—here’s a summary of what her fellow Caregivers had to say:

"Gloria shows compassion to patients, coworkers and everyone she comes into contact with. She has been with the hospital for forty years and continues to show the same compassion as when she first began. Gloria treats everyone like family no matter the situation, bringing comfort to our hearts. Patients are always comfortable speaking with her and tend to share more with her due to her genuine presentation. Gloria is very well respected by all of her coworkers and will help even when it is not in her list of duties. It would be hard to do our job without her. Gloria always smiles even when it is a busy day. She has a gift for making you forget when it is a stressful day. She is always the first person to plan birthday celebrations or pot lucks to keep morale up in the department. Gloria truly exemplifies the mission of SVCMC!", On October 10, 1917, St. Vincent Charity celebrated the opening of a new surgical pavilion—a monumental gift from the great citizens of Cleveland. The facility was constructed at a cost of $309,000, pledged and paid for by the people of our city. The surgical pavilion was six stories in height and could hold 150 patient beds. The fifth floor consisted of five modern operating rooms, a sterilizing room, rest and consultation rooms and the living quarters for the house physicians. #SVCMCHistory #TBT, We <3 our PAs!

This week SVCMC celebrates National Physician Assistant Week, a time used to increase awareness of both the PA profession and the importance of a healthy lifestyle. PAs are also known as physician extenders and they perform an important role in patient care here at St. Vincent Charity. Many thanks to all our PAs!, It’s safe to say that fall is officially here, along with the season’s delicious fruits and vegetables! Try some of these healthy fall recipes that are packed with in-season produce: http://bit.ly/1ab3jq1, Having total joint replacement surgery? Don’t miss our informational class this Thursday from 2-3 p.m. in the St. Vincent de Paul Room at SVCMC.

Learn more about this procedure from Dr. Philip Stickney, orthopedic surgeon, on our YouTube channel: http://bit.ly/1b1T6BA, October is #HealthLiteracy Month. Healthcare professionals need to take into consideration the emotional state of friends and family, as well as the patient, when delivering information. Learn more about emotional health literacy and the caregiver: 

http://bit.ly/19xzLI4, It's Healthcare Supply Chain Week—St. Vincent Charity Medical Center would like to thank our supply chain Caregivers for all that they do. We appreciate your commitment and dedication to the mission of SVCMC!, As a part of our celebration of Recovery Month in September, St. Vincent Charity proudly sponsored the 2013 Celebrating Recovery 5k Walk/Run held on September 14. Check out some of the awesome race day photos, taken by Roger S.--Rosary Hall counselor., It's Wild Card Wednesday! We're proud to root on our neighbors, the Cleveland Indians! This morning the Terminal Tower was lit up for the Tribe as was Progressive Field., Meet Tito— Tito had bariatric surgery at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center in 2011. Since then, Tito has lost more than 129 pounds!, Meet Tito— Tito had bariatric surgery at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center in 2011. Since then, Tito has lost more than 129 pounds! Visit our Youtube page to hear his weight loss story: http://bit.ly/1hlc2tI, Check out our new Center for Bariatric Surgery. Coming soon to our new and improved website., We're going to launch an all-new website in the coming weeks. As a teaser, check out our new Center for Bariatric Surgery video.

http://youtu.be/pMPS5sgrp_g, In case you missed it this morning, check out this report on 90.3 WCPN ideastream® this morning about Choosing Wisely program. Our own Dr. Srinivas Merugu is a member of the team of physicians working on this initiative with Better Health Greater Cleveland Join us on Thursday morning for the Sound of Ideas program. , Tomorrow enrollment begins in the Health Insurance Marketplace. Learn about your options for coverage at www.healthcare.gov., Learn more about what Obamacare means for you. , It's St. Vincent de Paul Day at SVCMC! Today we celebrated our patron saint with a special Mass and a complimentary feast for all of our Caregivers. Hope everyone enjoyed their delicious meal! #weareallcaregivers, Are you a post-surgical patient of the Center for Bariatric Surgery? Join us tomorrow evening from 6:15 – 7:15 pm for our monthly support group. This month’s topic will be relapsing/plateaus. We’ll also be doing some healthy snack tastings! To register, call the office at 216.592.2801., Did you know? Approximately 16.7 million Americans or 6.5% of the population are dependent on alcohol or have problems related to its use.

If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction, Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity can help. To contact Rosary Hall call 216.363.2580—press 4 to speak with a Caregiver immediately.

#RecoveryMonth, Today is the 6th annual National Falls Prevention Awareness Day. Did you know that one-third of people 65 and older fall each year? Learn more about what you can do to help prevent falls: http://1.usa.gov/1evWAxG., This day in #SVCMCHistory

September 21, 1987 – St. Vincent Charity breaks ground for a new psychiatric emergency room. The new facility would include new treatment rooms and more beds for intense, short-term stays of 80 hours or less.

Today, our psychiatric emergency department offers crisis management and observation services, linkages to community resources and longer term treatment and second opinion evaluations for admissions to state hospital. In 2012, 4337 people were cared for in the psychiatric emergency department., Did you know this week has been designated as National Rehabilitation Awareness Week? Thank you to all of our Caregivers in Rehab Services for your continuing dedication to the mission of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! #weareallcaregivers, In celebration of Sukkot, the Pastoral Care department at SVCMC has assembled a sukkah for all to enjoy. The Jewish holiday, also a harvest festival, commemorates the 40 year period during which the Israelites were wandering the desert, living in temporary shelters. Inside the sukkah you can sit and learn more about this joyful festival., Tomorrow we will be providing free blood pressure and blood sugar screenings and BMI testing at the Cooking 4 Health with Chef Robin Blair class at CornUcopia Place. These free classes will explore different health and nutrition topics each week. This week’s topic is fruits and veggies. To register call 216.341.1455., #DYK: In 2011, 20.6 million people aged 12 or older were classified with substance dependence or abuse. #RecoveryMonth, Congratulations to Rose, Plant Operations, for being selected as the September Caregiver of the Month! Rose’s nomination read:

“Rose works extremely hard in her position facilitating contact with both Caregivers and external customers, answering calls and performing a multitude of important functions. She maintains a positive attitude at all times. She is well liked by all the Caregivers of the plant operations department and has even helped me excel in my role. Rose is a very special individual and displays courtesy and kindness towards all she interacts with. Rose always has a smile on her face and is always giving towards Caregivers dealing with difficult situations. Over the past few years, she has taken on additional roles and served on a number of committees that come with great responsibility. She is a valuable asset to the organization and to our department. Rose exhibits all core values, especially team work and respect. These qualities permeate to our department and create a positive environment for all that work at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center.”, Have you heard about our partnership with Austen BioInnovation Institute in Akron? Learn more about the work we're doing together in the summer issue of Caritas, the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center community newsletter: http://bit.ly/1cyc3MI, Here's a look back at what is now the West Building lobby at SVCMC. When the building was constructed in 1952, this lobby served as the main entrance to the hospital. #tbt, Need fresh produce? Stop by the Garden Boyz farmer’s market, located on the front lawn of SVCMC, tomorrow from 11 am – 2 pm and check out this week’s selection of organically grown, local fruits and veggies. This week’s featured items are freshly picked white peaches from Miller’s Orchard, tomatoes, cucumbers and squash peppers., Having total joint replacement surgery? Don’t miss our informational class this Thursday from 2-3 p.m. in the St. Vincent de Paul Room at SVCMC.

Learn more about this procedure from Dr. Philip Stickney, orthopedic surgeon, on our YouTube channel: http://bit.ly/1b1T6BA, Just spotted the St. Vincent Charity RTA bus! Have you seen the 'We are All Caregivers' bus anywhere around town?, #DidYouKnow In 2011, eight million adults reported having co-occurring disorders, meaning they have both a mental and substance use disorder. #MentalHealth #RecoveryMonth, Join the Center for Bariatric Surgery this Wednesday for the monthly pre-operative readiness group from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. This class is designed to help CBS patients prepare for their upcoming surgery. You’ll have the opportunity to chat with physician assistants and registered dieticians and learn ways to prepare for your surgery and care for yourself after surgery. This month's topic is Eating Guidelines. No registration is required. Classes are held at the Center for Bariatric Surgery in Suite 207 of the Medical Office Building across the street from the hospital., Follow our new Instagram account, @stvincentcharity, for the latest photos from around the medical center. This stained glass window, originally from St. Luke's Hospital, is now on display in our recently renovated Physicians' Resource Center., Our friends at Robby's Voice were featured today in cleveland.com's special series on the heroin epidemic. Learn more about their organization that’s focused on awareness and education surrounding drug addiction: http://bit.ly/17bnyoP

Interviews with Rob Brandt of Robby’s Voice and others who's lives have been impacted by heroin addiction can be viewed here: http://bit.ly/1aacjye

If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction, St. Vincent Charity can help. To contact Rosary Hall call 216.363.2580—press 4 to speak with a Caregiver immediately. #RecoveryMonth, The Cleveland Plain Dealer and cleveland.com are featuring an important series of stories this week on the heroin epidemic in Cuyahoga County. St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s Rosary Hall was highlighted in this article for those seeking help for addiction, along with a number of other valuable resources in our community: http://bit.ly/1ajXJaK

Check out the whole heroin epidemic special series here: http://bit.ly/1a7z7Pa

If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction, St. Vincent Charity can help. To contact Rosary Hall call 216.363.2580—press 4 to speak with a Caregiver immediately. #RecoveryMonth, Thursday, September 5th we will be providing free blood pressure and blood sugar screenings and BMI testing at the Cooking 4 Health with Chef Robin Blair class at CornUcopia Place. These free classes will explore different health and nutrition topics each week. Each class has a discussion, activities and cooking. This week’s topic is fast food. To register call 216.341.1455., For the 24th year, September has been designated as National Recovery Month. This month is used to help educate the public on the fact that addiction treatment and mental health services can enable those with a mental and/or substance use disorder to live a healthy and rewarding life. The expert team of Caregivers in  behavioral health department and Rosary Hall help patients and their families find the road to freedom in a recovery process that’s compassionate and comprehensive. Stay tuned to our page throughout the month for more information and resources related to recovery. #RecoveryMonth, Wishing our friends, patients and Caregivers a happy and safe Labor Day weekend!, Caregivers from our behavioral health department raffled off a basket full of lottery tickets today in support of our NAMI Walk team. We're excited to be sponsoring this year's walk! Who will be the lucky winner?, Everyone knows Anne and Marijo! Anne Messer and Marijo Atkinson are the two patient representatives at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. These two truly embody the mission of our medical center and know what it means to be Caregiver. Learn more about Anne and Marijo in the summer issue of Caritas, the community newsletter of SVCMC: http://bit.ly/1cyc3MI, All of our Caregivers were treated to a delicious bowl of fruit cobbler today for their continued hard work  #weareallcaregivers, Labor day? Already?! It may be hard to believe, but it’s time to start preparing for this weekend’s Labor Day festivities. Before you head out to your holiday cookout, check out some of these healthy, easy recipes from EatingWell that are sure to please the crowd. 

To view the recipes: http://bit.ly/14GIm85, 50 years ago today, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his famous "I Have a Dream" speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. St. Vincent commemorated the anniversary by ringing bells to remind our patients, caregivers and friends of the powerful message Dr. King delivered on August 28, 1963. #MLK50 #DreamDay #letfreedomring, August 27th, 1987 – St. Vincent Charity became the first hospital in the area to perform laser arterial surgery. Dr Rais Berg performed the procedure on a 70-year-old woman with blocked coronary arteries. The laser procedure offered a shorter hospital stay compared with conventional surgical procedures at the time. #SVCMCHistory, Are you a post-surgical patient of the Center for Bariatric Surgery? Join us tomorrow evening from 6:15 – 7:15 pm for our monthly support group. This month we will be doing a patient’s clothing swap. Bring in your cleaned and gently worn clothing for swapping with other post-op patients. You’ll also have the opportunity to meet and chat with Amanda Miller, owner of Curvy Consignments. Amanda will be bringing in new and like new clothing for men and women at affordable prices for patients to look through. 

To register, call Jen at 216.592.2819., Our Caregivers will be at the splash park at Olde Cedar this Monday, August 26th—located at Central Ave. and E. 30th St. Stop by between 12:30 – 2 p.m. for free blood pressure and blood sugar screenings., #weareallcaregivers, Follow our new Instagram account, StVincentCharity, to see the latest photos taken from around the hospital. Here's our first post:

St. Vincent Charity School of Nursing students participating in their graduation ceremony in the Holy Trinity Chapel at SVCMC. Original photo was taken around 1984. #tbt #SVCMCHistory 

http://instagram.com/p/dUz-j_LOiy/, There’s still time to register for the 2013 Catholic Community Connection Annual Symposium this Friday at John Carroll University! Caregivers from our behavioral health department will be participating in a panel discussion focused on building a collaborative, holistic treatment model for persons with chronic disease and chronic behavioral health challenges. Continuing education credits are available.

To register: http://bit.ly/1846nmL, If you’ve ever been a patient of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute, there’s a good chance you may have met and chatted with Frank Brady—one of the friendliest faces at St. Vincent. Frank is one of our volunteer Caregivers and visits with patients regularly on the 6th floor. Learn more about Frank in the summer issue of Caritas, the St. Vincent Charity community newsletter:  http://bit.ly/1cyc3MI, Here’s a great historical photo from the St. Vincent Charity archives. This photo was taken on August 16, 1964 when construction was well underway on the new hospital building located at East 22nd and Community College Ave. The new seven-floor structure would include an emergency department and patient floors, allowing the hospital to accommodate up to 424 patients. The project was completed in September 1965 and still remains as our hospital's main entrance.  #SVCMCHistory, Today we celebrate the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Here is a photo of one of the beautiful stained glass windows inside the Holy Trinity Chapel at St. Vincent Charity., On August 13, 1976, St. Vincent Charity received official approval to a purchase a computerized axial tomography scanner, better known as the CAT scanner. This approval made St. Vincent Charity one of the first hospitals in the area designated for this new technology. The CAT scanner produced a clear picture of organs that was not visible with the standard X-ray equipment used at the time. #SVCMCHistory, Congratulations to Anne Messer, Patient Representative, for being selected as the August Caregiver of the Month! This is Anne's second time being recognized with the COM title. Anne’s nomination read:

Anne treats both families and staff with dignity and respect. When staff calls her to help, she responds immediately and is always pleasant and willing to help. When Anne is called to help communicate with families, she responds quickly. She helps the nursing staff by sitting down with the families, comforting them and explaining things in a way they can understand. Anne is always pleasant and eager to help in any way she can. She shows a real commitment to the healing mission of Jesus with her words, manner and dedication!, August may not be the ideal time for a hot bowl of chicken noodle soup, but there are still plenty of other great soup options for the summer! Try one of these delicious chilled soup recipes for a refreshing meal or snack this weekend: http://bit.ly/15fOcZq, Dr. Gregory Hall, internist at St. Vincent Charity, will be speaking at the Famicos Foundation Holistic Health Fair tomorrow at 3:25 p.m., located at East 105th Street & Ashbury Avenue. Dr. Hall will be discussing the risks and dangers of tattoos and piercings, a subject he has become an expert on since publishing his book, “Teens, Tattoos and Piercings:  The health and social impact of Permanent Body Art.”

Learn more about Dr. Hall in the latest issue of the St. Vincent Charity newsletter, Caritas: http://bit.ly/1cyc3MI, Need fresh produce? Stop by the Garden Boyz farmer’s market, located on the front lawn of SVCMC, tomorrow from 11 am – 2 pm and check out this week’s selection of organically grown, local fruits and veggies. This week’s featured item is freshly picked Freestone and Donut peaches from Miller’s Orchard., We’ve recently added a new bariatric seminar date on August 12th at 6 p.m. This FREE informational seminar will take place at the Center for Bariatric Surgery, located in Suite 207 of the Medical Office Building across from the hospital. 

To register call 888.362.9732 or visit our website: http://bit.ly/15w5Xai, We’d like to officially welcome our friends from the Campus District, Inc. to Facebook! Follow them to stay up to date with the latest news and events happening around the Campus District. Take a second to show our neighborhood some love and “like” their new Facebook page:, Special thanks to our amazing crew of Caregivers who staffed our first aid booth yesterday at @the_fest! You guys are the best!!!, Our crew at @thefest., It's going to be a gorgeous day in the low 70s. Come on out to @thefest and say hello. We will be manning the first aid booth and giving away some great stuff. Hope to see you there. Even begins at noon at the Center for Pastoral Leadership in Wickliffe. And if you can't make it down, follow us here. We will be posting throughout the event., Back by popular demand—St. Vincent Charity sunglasses! Stop by our booth at the FEST this weekend to get yours!, Going to the FEST on Sunday? Our Caregivers will be manning the first aid station and handing out some awesome St. Vincent Charity giveaways. We’ll have tote bags, sunglasses, pedometers, pill boxes and more—stop by and see us!, Next week’s bariatric surgery seminar on August 5th in Sandusky has been cancelled. In its place, we have added a new seminar date on August 12th at 6 p.m. This FREE informational seminar will take place at the Center for Bariatric Surgery, located in Suite 207 of the Medical Office Building across from the hospital. 

To register, visit our website: http://bit.ly/15gSzcE, We're a big fan of Dr. Atul Gawande, a surgeon, Harvard Medical School professor and journalist for The New Yorker. He has a new article in the New Yorker called, Slow Ideas. It's a long, but fascinating look at how and why innovative ideas in medicine spread.

http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2013/07/29/130729fa_fact_gawande, This morning, Consumer Reports released its new hospital surgery rating system. See St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s response in our latest blog post:  http://bit.ly/15w5Xai, Will you be at the FEST?! St. Vincent Charity will be in attendance with our team of Caregivers providing first aid. See you there!, Today our Caregivers will be at the splash park at Olde Cedar—located at Central Ave. and E. 30th St. Stop by between 12:30 – 2 p.m. for free blood pressure and blood sugar screenings., We all know that summertime is the best time for ice cream. Here are some great healthy ice cream recipes that you can make at home. Save yourself a trip out and spend time with family and friends making your own this weekend! 

Learn how: http://bit.ly/1bWaGY4, null, Here's our very own Dr. Michael Canales, foot and ankle specialist, featured in our ad in this month's Cleveland Magazine. #weareallcaregivers, On June 20, 2013 Caregivers who reached milestone years of service at SVCMC were recognized at the annual Caregiver Service Awards. This year's ceremony took place on Lake Erie aboard the Good Time III. Our executive team recognized Caregivers who have dedicated a significant number of years to the hospital—ranging from 5 years up to 55 years!, #tbt #SVCMCHistory July 1987: St. Vincent Charity opens new laser surgery facility for Clevelanders—Cleveland LaserCare. Laser surgery offered a safe, less-invasive alternative to conventional surgery. Many cases did not even require patients to be admitted to the hospital. St. Vincent Charity physicians were among the first in the region to be trained in the new laser techniques., The City of Cleveland has issued a heat advisory from 1 – 8 pm today. Follow the link for some great tips on being safe in the extreme heat. Stay cool, everyone!, On Monday, NPR’s Morning Edition featured a story about patients seeking different approaches to hip replacement surgery. Dr. Lou Keppler, orthopedic surgeon and co-medical director of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute, shares his thoughts on the topic in our latest blog post.

Want to meet with one of our experts? Call 877.98.SPINE to schedule your consultation., Stay connected with St. Vincent Charity—subscribe to our community e-newsletter, Caritas. Caritas is published three times a year and features hospital and health-related news, as well as stories about our Caregivers and patients. The summer 2013 issue goes out next week.

Sign up now --> http://www.stvincentcharity.com/News/sign-up.aspx, The Cleveland Department of Aging and the Cleveland Office of Emergency Management issued an advisory this afternoon to seniors regarding the anticipated heat and humidity this week. 
Seniors are encouraged to stay hydrated and remain out of the sun. Get tips and learn more about the advisory here:

http://clesafety.com/2013/07/15/heat-advisory-issued-to-cleveland-seniors-2/, Interested in weight-loss surgery? Join us Monday for a FREE informational seminar., Need fresh produce? Come see the Garden Boyz! Stop by the market, located on the front lawn of SVCMC, tomorrow from 11 am – 2 pm and check out this week’s selection of organically grown fruits and veggies, including:

Fresh-picked blueberries
Swiss Chard
Green Tomatoes (limited quantities)
Green beans
Spring onions
Squash
And other seasonal vegetables, Don’t forget—The Spine and Orthopedic Institute at SVCMC will be hosting a total joint replacement informational class today at 2 pm!, Gotta love St. Vincent's rich history ... close to celebrating 150 years!, On July 10, 1947, St. Vincent Charity announced a new plan to cope with the extreme shortage of nurses in the area. The School of Nursing would begin training ward assistants to become registered nurses. Training included one month of classroom lecture, followed by five months of supervised instruction in all departments. Tuition was free and students received a monthly salary starting at $85.  #SVCMCHistory, Congratulations to LaKeisha, Environmental Services, for being selected as the July Caregiver of the Month! LaKeisha’s nomination read:

I nominate Lakeisha because of her quiet leadership and compassion. Her acts of kindness are a true testament to the person she is. She seeks no reward or accolades for her actions. She is the epitome of a catholic charity Caregiver. LaKeisha has developed outstanding patient interaction skills and does a great job of reducing their anxiety by offering them solace through prayer, kind words and small gifts. We are blessed to have her as a part of our team!, Having total joint replacement surgery? Don’t miss our informational class this Thursday from 2-3 p.m. in the Board Room at SVCMC. 

Learn more about this procedure from Dr. Philip Stickney, orthopedic surgeon, on our YouTube channel:, Make your health and well-being a priority this summer. Learn how in our article from the July issue of the Campus District Observer:  

http://www.campusdistrictobserver.com/read/2013/07/01/make-your-health-and-wellbeing-a-summer-priority, In the latest issue of MD News, Dr. Patrick Hergenroeder, orthopedic surgeon at SVCMC, discusses how arthroscopic surgery has evolved since the 1970s to improve patient outcomes. Dr. Hergenroeder's article can be found on page 21., Bev Keeler, dietician at SVCMC, was recently featured in this article on cleveland.com. Learn more about Bev and her love for sailing and all things Cleveland:, Best of luck to all of our graduated residents who are moving on. We will miss your smiling faces and hope you'll stay in touch with your St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family!, Heading to the Ward 5 Community Family Festival tomorrow? St. Vincent will be there! Our Caregivers will be providing blood pressure/blood sugar screenings. Stop by and see us and enjoy the music, food, entertainment and family-friendly activities!, The Garden Boyz are back! Stop by tomorrow from 11 am – 2 pm for the first farmers’ market of the season on the front lawn of St. Vincent Charity. This week’s selection of organically grown vegetables includes:  Sweet Cherries, Spicy Arugula Lettuce, French Breakfast Radishes, Salad Onions, Swiss chard, Kale, Collard Greens, Garlic, Scapes, Yellow Squash, Zucchini and Green Beans., Check out our latest blog post from Dr. Michael Canales, Foot and Ankle Specialist. Dr. Canales shares some great tips for avoiding the pain that often comes with high heeled shoes.

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/blog/post/2013/06/26/High-Heel-Tips-from-Dr-Michael-Canales-Foot-and-Ankle-Surgery.aspx, Today marks the first official day of summer! Follow these sun safety tips, provided by the American Cancer Society, to ensure a safe, fun summer season.

http://www.cancer.org/healthy/besafeinthesun/index, In honor of #throwbackthursday, here’s a now and then comparison of the hospital’s entrance on Central Ave. The top photo is a scene from the 1966 movie “The Fortune Cookie,” starring Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon. Things sure have changed since then and St. Vincent Charity has been here through it all!, On June 20, 2013 Caregivers who reached milestone years of service at SVCMC were recognized at the annual Caregiver Service Awards. This year's ceremony took place on Lake Erie aboard the Good Time III. Our executive team recognized Caregivers who have dedicated a significant number of years to the hospital, ranging from 5 years up to 55 years!, Check out this article from cleveland.com about smartphone apps that could help you out if you or a loved one has a health emergency. Do you have one of these or another similar app on your smartphone?, Congratulations to Marian, RN, Endoscopy, for being selected as the June Caregiver of the Month! Marian’s nomination read:

Marian has the ability to talk to patients and understand their feelings and concerns, which is something I truly admire. Through her efforts, our patients feel cared for, comforted and safe. Her good cheer and sense of humor make our endoscopy unit one of the most enjoyable work environments in the hospital. In emergencies her experience, intelligence and emotional equanimity has saved many of our patients over the years. She is always calm, careful, reassuring and professional - putting the patient’s needs first, even if it means missing a lunch or sacrificing her own needs. Marian quietly embodies the mission of St. Vincent Charity day in and day out., The first print ad of our “We are all caregivers” campaign has hit the newsstands! You can see the ad featured in the June issue of Cleveland Magazine and also in this week’s issue of Crain's Cleveland Business., Behind the scenes at our print photo shoot today with Dr. Canales., The flowers in the Boler Family Memorial Garden are in full bloom. A beautiful sight for all patients, visitors and caregivers entering the hospital., Did you know? Suicide is the 11th leading cause of death in the U.S. and the 3rd leading cause of death for people ages 10-24 years. More than 90% of those who die by suicide have a diagnosable mental disorder. #mentalhealthmonth, Did you know? Major depressive disorder affects 6.7 percent of adults, or about 14.8 million American adults. #mentalhealthmonth, Sister Judith Ann Karam celebrates the mission with our volunteers., We have volunteers being recognized today for 20 years of service to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., We're gathered at Cleveland Skating Club for annual Volunteer Luncheon., Do you know the warning signs of a stroke? Read our latest blog post so that you can act FAST in case of a stroke., Did you know? Fewer than one-third of adults and one-half of children with a diagnosable mental disorder receive mental health services in a given year. #mentalhealthmonth, Did you know? Mental illness usually strikes individuals in the prime of their lives, often during adolescence and young adulthood. All ages are susceptible, but the young and the old are especially vulnerable. #mentalhealthmonth, Don't forget tonight's FREE weight-loss surgery seminar. , Thank you NAMI Walks Greater Cleveland for bringing "In Our Own Voices" to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, A much better version of the photo of Sharella Thomas., Use alternative therapies and support groups to augment medication, not replace meds. #mentalhealthmonth, Recovery is a journey, it is not episodic. #mentalhealthmonth, Treatment works may be a cliche, but "I'm living proof that it works." #mentalhealthmonth, Another question for mental health: why is it important to accept your condition?, Our speaker asks: What's the difference between a dark day and a bad day? Thoughts?, We are celebrating our Mental Health Month in honor of Sharella Thomas, who died tragically in a car accident on Friday. She was a social worker in our behavioral health department in addition to being a mom and daughter. She was also on the Board of the VNA of Ohio., In Our Own Voice: Living with Mental Illness begins now in Holy Trinity Chapel., Our hearts are heavy upon learning of the tragic death of one of our own. Sharella Thomas was a social worker in our behavioral health unit. http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2013/05/sharella_thomas_identified_as.html#incart_river, Monday, in recognition of Mental Health Month, we will be hosting NAMI Greater Cleveland’s In Our Own Voice: Living with Mental Illness presentation. Come hear two speakers share their inspiring stories of living with mental illness. Contact NAMI at 216-875-0266 to reserve your space., Congratulations to Rachael Strong, RN for being selected as the recipient of the 2013 Kathleen Redmond Award! Check out our blog post to learn more about this award honoring patient advocates at SVCMC. , May is Mental Health Month. 

Did you know? One in every 5 individuals is affected by severe mental illness in their lifetime, such as manic-depression, schizophrenia and major depression. 

Throughout the month of May we will be sharing facts and figures on mental illness to help promote awareness., Show the St. Vincent Charity nurses some love for National Nurses Week. Comment and let us know which SVCMC nurse you would like to thank., Did you know? At 3.1 million professionals, nurses comprise the largest health care workforce. Nursing is projected to grow faster than all other occupations, with more than 700,000 new RN jobs by 2020. American Nurses Association, The WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland special, Heroin: Old Drug, New Killer, is now available online. Follow the links below to view the full length documentary. We are proud to have been a part of this important project. , It's National Nurses' Week and we are so proud of our outstanding nurses here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. If you see them this week, please let them know how much you appreciate all they do., Congratulations to Mark Kiplinger, an RN in our Cardiac Cath Lab, for being selected as the May Caregiver of the Month! Mark’s nomination read:

Mark is truly dedicated to the mission of SVCMC. He is kind and empathetic in his dealings with patients, many of who are frightened about their scheduled procedure. Mark serves as a resource to his fellow Caregivers–freely sharing his vast knowledge to help other Caregivers enhance their practice. He is diplomatic in his interactions with others, treating them all with respect. Mark uses quality to guide his care decisions, ensuring that each patient receives high quality, individualized care. I can honestly say that Mark epitomizes the core value of teamwork; he is always readily available to provide assistance in any setting!, Are you following the SVCMC blog yet? Check out our most recent post on Karen Komondor's trip to Washington D.C. to promote health literacy. , Last week the internal medicine residents at St. Vincent Charity underwent four hours of Ultrasound Guided Central Line Placement Competency and product training on the Sonosite Ultrasound System. Congratulations to all our residents who successfully completed this competency!, More coverage on our partnership with Austen BioInnovation Institute, this time from Akron Beacon Journal, Welcome to all our new Facebook friends! Help us spread the word as we grow to 1,000 friends!, null, Logon to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland website to chat now with Dr. Ted Parran and Orlando Howard from Rosary Hall., If you are suffering from addiction, call Rosary Hall now at 216-363-2580, ext. 4 to speak with someone right away., Want to chat with an expert about heroin addiction? Logon to www.wkyc.com/heroin to live chat., Tune in, or set your DVR for the WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland special on Heroin tonight at 7 p.m. Dr. Parran, Associate Medical Director of Rosary Hall, and Orlando Howard, Clinical Manager of Rosary Hall, will be participating in a live web chat following the program to answer questions from the community., Tune in tomorrow night and don't forget that Dr. Ted Parran and Orlando Howard will be fielding questions in a web chat hosted by WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland following the show., Here's a bit about Thursday's special on heroin epidemic and web chat on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland. Dr. Ted Parran and Orlando Howard will be participating in the web chat following the show., An unbelievably busy day at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, SVCMC is excited to announce that we are one of only eight U.S. hospitals to gain accreditation this week for our addiction medicine fellowship program by the American Board of Addiction Medicine Foundation. Check out the article posted today on cleveland.com about the announcement., Daryl Is looking good., Some outtakes from our print photo shoot today. Dr. Joy Marshall and Martha Parente were looking great., null, http://online.wsj.com/article/PR-CO-20130416-909954.html?mod=googlenews_wsj, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and Austen BioInnovation Institute announce strategic partnership for innovation. We're excited about the possibilities for improving patient care through this process of innovation., Check out our instructor Vida Thorington teaching the kids Zumba at the Wellness Fair. Come down and visit the fair at Tri-C Metro!, Come on down to Tri-C Metro gym for our health, wellness and family fun day. We've got great prizes, giveaways, health screenings and more. Z109 is broadcasting and we have hourly Zumba demonstrations., Join us and plenty of community partners from noon to 4 today at Tri-C Metro gym for health fair. Screenings, talks, demonstrations, activities and plenty of giveaways and raffle prizes for all., Our own Orlando Howard chats with @wkyc Jim Donovan about growing heroin epidemic.

http://www.wkyc.com/news/article/294285/3/In-depth-Growing-heroin-epidemic-, This Saturday, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center will be hosting a free Wellness Fair at the Tri-C Metro campus gym. Bring your friends and family out for a day of fun celebrating healthy eating and active living. We will have health screenings, doctor talks, giveaways, healthy snacks, raffle prizes, entertainment and more!, Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center participated in this important documentary from WKYC Channel 3 - Clevelandand Monica Robins (WKYC). Hope you'll tune in for this important program next Thursday at 7 p.m.

http://www.wkyc.com/video/default.aspx?bctid=2289560432001&odyssey=mod%7Cnewswell%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE%7Cfeatured, null, null, And finally, here is the :15 brand spot that runs with the spine and ortho and bariatric ads., Here is :15 second spine and ortho., Check out one of our new TV spots. They started airing today., Actress Mariel Hemingway and Dr Leslie Koblentz at CIFF., Dr Leslie Koblentz speaks with actress and filmmaker Mariel Hemingway following the showing of Running from Crazy at CIFF., We're proud to sponsor Running from Crazy at the Cleveland International Film Festival tonight. Dr. Leslie Koblentz, medical director of the Psychiatric Emergency Department will introduce the film about actress Mariel Hemingway's family struggle with mental illness., Sr. Ignatia Gavin, CSA, founder of SVCMC’s Rosary Hall, will be honored this weekend at St. Patrick’s Church, 3602 Bridge Avenue in Cleveland. This is the 47th annual memorial mass in honor of the “Angel of Mercy.” Mass will begin at 6 p.m. We are honored and proud to continue Sr. Ignatia’s legacy of caring devotion at Rosary Hall., Congratulations to Marcia Smith, Patient Care Associate, for being selected as the April Caregiver of the Month! Marcia’s nomination read:

Marcia goes above and beyond for patients and fellow Caregivers. She has an excellent work ethic and always makes patients feel comfortable and well taken care of. Marcia treats all people equally and demonstrates to others that she is a compassionate person. She upholds the dignity and privacy of others and her work is impeccable. Marcia is someone that demonstrates the healing mission of Jesus by her actions. She respects both Caregivers and patients – providing excellent customer service and consistently having a smile on her face., St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is proud to be sponsoring the documentary “Running From Crazy,” at this year’s Cleveland International Film Festival. The film tells the story of Mariel Hemmingway’s work to help reduce the current stigma around mental illness, an issue her famous family has publicly struggled with. Check out the article below from today’s Friday Magazine to learn more about this year’s festival and for details about the film’s screenings., Today St. Vincent Charity Medical Center celebrated National Doctors’ Day. Congratulations to Dr. Merugu for being named our 2013 Doctor of the Year! Thank you to all of our physicians for your dedicated commitment and contribution to the healing mission of SVCMC., Hey Caregivers, we're providing a sneak peek at our new TV commercials at 2 p.m. Thursday in the St. Vincent de Paul Room. Hope you can join us. We'll have cake and punch, too. We will post video here later Thursday., In case you missed the latest edition, here's our electronic version of Pacemakers. , Our President and CEO Dr. David Perse, wants you to know that March is National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month. Dr. Perse, a general surgeon who performs a number of colonoscopies and endoscopies annually, says: If you are over 50, colorectal screening can help to save your life by finding precancerous polyps before they turn into cancer. Schedule your screening today. , Thanks to Chris and Eileen Dillon and the brave crew of Caregivers who braved the cold and wind to represent St. Vincent Charity in the St. Patrick's Day parade today., Interested in learning more about weight loss surgery? Join us tonight at 6 p.m. for a free introductory seminar with Dr. Aviv Ben-Meir at the Holiday Inn Independence. 

Visit http://www.stvincentcharity.com/bariatric or call 1-888-362-9732 to register., Congratulations to Nicki Banks, Program Administrator in our Office of Graduate Medical Education, for being selected as the March Caregiver of the Month! Nicki’s nomination read:

"Nicki has a challenging job helping a large and diverse staff. Her job demands finesse and strength at the same time. During the course of her daily work she faces issues coming from almost every department. Nicki recognizes everyone’s viewpoint and addresses concerns with a balanced, even-handed approach. I have never in 10 years heard a disparaging or demeaning comment escape her lips.  She is a person of faith and is motivated to do the right thing. Her work ethic is unparalleled and the fact that it rubs off on everyone around her is no surprise.  Nicki motivates by being a role model and her work is the highest quality.", Introducing our February 2013 Office of the Month, the Central Medical Arts office!

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is so proud of its Medical Staff. Many see the physicians in the hospital, but we thought we’d highlight their offices and the staff of those who serve their patients outside of the hospital walls.
 
Meet the office staff. Pictured left to right: Johanna Mateo, LaJuanna White, Dr. Cook, Practice Manager Stephanie Houston, April Lister, Tangie Harrell., We're in the second day of casting call for our 2013 ad campaign with our crack crew at Wyse Advertising, null, Happy Valentine's Day from the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family., Dr. Ted Parran, associate medical director at Rosary Hall, talks to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland's Tom Meyer about the drug Molly.
http://www.wkyc.com/news/article/283273/45/Investigator-Dangerous-Molly-elevates-sex-desires, On the second Thursday of each month the Spine and Orthopedic Institute at SVCMC offers an informational class on total joint replacement surgery. This is a great opportunity for patients and their loved ones to learn more about their upcoming procedure., Real Simple magazine had an article on health literacy in its February issue. http://www.realsimple.com/health/common-medical-terms-00100000093469/index.html, The Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC offers pre-op and post-op support groups for patients. These groups are a part of our comprehensive program and are a great opportunity to learn, ask questions and meet other patients. Group meeting times are listed below. Please call the Center for Bariatric Surgery at 216-592-2801 to learn more about our support services for bariatric patients.

Pre-Op Support Group
2nd Wednesday of the month
5:30-7 p.m.
Suite 207 St. Vincent Medical Office Building

Post-Op Support Group
4th Wednesday of the month
6-7 p.m.
Suite 207 St. Vincent Medical Office Building, Congratulations to Mariellen DeSmit, our Outpatient Diabetes Educator, for being selected as the February Caregiver of the Month! Mariellen’s nomination read: 

"Mariellen is a caring, compassionate nurse and a certified diabetes educator who goes the extra mile each day for her patients. She has been at St.Vincent for over 10 years and still has a great passion for her work. In a recent review of patient satisfaction surveys from 2012 it was noted that the scores were consistently high (9’s and 10’s) with comments displaying how much the patients had learned and how much they appreciated the excellent care. Mariellen has a compassionate way with all her patients that put them at ease. She has been instrumental in developing the interactive, hands on learning tools that she uses everyday to teach patients about how to control their diabetes. Mariellen continues to look for ways to help the Outpatient Diabetes Program grow.", Did you know that today is World Cancer Day? Today the Union for International Cancer Control hopes to dispel these four damaging myths and misconceptions about cancer. 

Click the following link to learn more about the truth behind these common myths.
http://www.worldcancerday.org/, You still have time to sign up for our next weight loss surgery seminar! Join us Monday, February 4th at 6 p.m. for a free informational seminar with Dr. Aviv Ben-Meir at the Center for Bariatric Surgery at SVCMC. 

Visit the link below or call 1-888-362-9732 to register., Introducing our January 2013 Office of the Month, Suite 201 of the Medical Office Building! 

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is so proud of its Medical Staff. Many see the physicians in the hospital, but we thought we’d highlight their offices and the staff of those who serve their patients outside of the hospital walls. 

Meet the office staff. Pictured back row left to right: Office Manager Rachel Sloat, Toyia Williams, Christine Manuszak, Patricia Kublin. Front row: Martha Parente and Ashley Sloat., RSVP now for February’s Zella Hall Ethics Luncheon featuring Orlando Howard, clinical manager of Rosary Hall. 

Click here for more information:  http://www.stvincentcharity.com/news/Health-and-Wellness-News/february_ethics_luncheon, SVCMC celebrated MLK Day with a march throughout the medical center in honor of Dr. King. Caregivers visited each department and recited quotes from the speeches and sermons of Dr. King. The march ended in the chapel with a closing song of "We Shall Overcome.", null, Interested in learning more about weight loss surgery? Join us tonight at 6 p.m. for a free introductory seminar with Dr. Aviv Ben-Meir at the  The Middleburg Heights Recreation Department 

http://www.facebook.com/events/350422215055214/, The flu has hit early this season and the Northeast Ohio region is not exception to that. Area hospitals are being swamped with patients showing flu-like symptoms. Our emergency department is open and ready to serve you. We offer 24 hour emergency care from our doctors and nurses.

Remember to wash your hands, cover your cough, and get a flu shot!, Check out the latest issue of MD News featuring our very own Dr. David Perse, president and CEO. Dr. Perse, along with other area hospital leaders, shares his thoughts on the future of healthcare in Northeast Ohio., The state of Ohio is currently experiencing an outbreak of the flu. Here are some tips to help you and your loved ones fight the flu this season., Join us this Friday for the first Zella Hall Ethics Luncheon of 2013 featuring Dr. Ted Parran, associate medical director of Rosary Hall., Congratulations to Laurie Prokasy, our January Caregiver of the Month! Laurie works in the Nursing Education department and was recognized for her outstanding leadership displayed during our recent electronic medical record transition. Her nomination read: “The go-live of our electronic record order entry has been a major undertaking involving months of preparation and then support upon go-live.  Laurie has been nothing short of phenomenal during this process.  She came in on weekends and off shifts to train doctors and then volunteered to support staff in one of the most challenging areas during go-live.  Laurie has been highly professional, aiding everyone in the critical process of learning a new system; she has shown respect and generosity towards the learners always looking to understand their point of view even when faced with negativity.  Laurie is truly a team player – one that is mission driven and quality focused, always advocating for patients and nurses.”, Interested in learning more about weight loss surgery? Join us tonight for a free introductory seminar with Dr. Aviv Ben-Meir., Dr. Oz and Dr. Roizen answer questions about what bariatric surgery can do in resolving conditions other than obesity such as diabetes. Our seminar dates are posted. Learn more about our program through our online video on our website or by attending a free seminar.

http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2012/12/3_types_of_bariatric_surgery_d.html, Happy New Year from the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family! May 2013 be blessed with good health and happiness., null, null, null, null, Bariatric surgery informational seminar dates for 2013 are now posted and open for registration. Take the first step toward your new life and sign up for an upcoming seminar!

http://www.stvincentcharity.com/programs-services/centers-excellence/bariatric/gettingstarted/seminar-registration.aspx, null, null, Join us for our annual Christmas program featuring special performances and readings by our wonderful Caregivers. Hope to see you there!, Dr. Srinivas Merugu gives the team some last-minute instructions prior to Go Live for CPOE. Sister Mary Ann Mozser blessed the effort., After nearly 18 months of planning and preparation, our electronic health record goes live at 10 this morning. Congratulations to the physician leaders, workgroup chairs, facilitators, IT and many staff people who have worked tirelessly to make this transition happen. Job well done!, Check out our own Dr. Joy Marshall featured in yesterday's Plain Dealer feature: My Cleveland. 
http://www.cleveland.com/mycleveland/index.ssf/2012/12/dr_joy_marshall_wheels_and_hea.html, This morning our Solon ER has officially transitioned to the Solon Urgent Care. Special thanks to an amazing crew of Caregivers out there who have helped through the transition., At 8 a.m. on Dec. 3 our Solon ER transitions to Solon Urgent Care.
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/News/in-the-news/SolonER_becomes_urgent_care, Dr. Kevin Cooper, Medical Director of the Department of Laboratory Medicine, has received a three-year appointment as Cancer Liaison Physician for the cancer program at SVCMC. In this position, Dr. Cooper will responsible for leading the American College of Surgeons Commission on Cancer (CoC) initiatives within the cancer program and collaborating with agencies on behalf of the hospital.

Thank you for taking on this important role Dr. Cooper!, Today we start our annual decking of the halls at St. Vincent Charity. Look for a new display this year provided by our friends at Horizon Lighting., Wishing you all a peaceful, joyful Thanksgiving surrounded by those you love. And a special note of thanks to our wonderful Caregivers working to care for others today. We are blessed., Our Pizzazz gala is nominated for corporate event of the year. Take a moment and vote today! , Congratulations to the Laboratory Medicine and Pulmonary Services staffs for their excellent performance on the College of American Pathologists (CAP) inspection yesterday!  The inspection highlighted the professionalism, hard work, and continued dedication that the combined staffs have achieved.  This was the best inspection our hospital has ever achieved and is a result of the effort of every caregiver involved.  Nice going team!, On November 9th, a group of about 100 caregivers from SVCMC gathered in the St. Vincent de Paul room to celebrate Diwali, the holiday that marks the beginning of the Hindu New Year., Even if you are in the hospital you can exercise your right to vote!

Today we have representatives from the Board of Elections at the medical center assisting patients with their ballots.

Have you voted today?, Our patient representative Anne Messer is decked out for Election Day, thanks to the artistic talents of the nurses in our Cardiac Medical Unit. Anne is helping 20 of our patients fulfill their right to vote. Nice work, Anne!, The sun is shining and our new billboards are posted. Here's one from East 21st and Prospect., null, Tomorrow is Election Day. For those patients who are Cuyahoga County residents and are admitted to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center tomorrow, you will have the opportunity vote by absentee ballot. If you or your loved who is a patient would like to vote, please notify the nurse manager on your floor., Happy Monday! Hope everyone is getting back to normal with power restored following last week's storm., Our thoughts are prayers are with the patients, families and staff of NYU Medical Center. They performed heroically in the evacuation of patients during Hurricane Sandy., We lost our last remaining Russian Olive tree to Hurricane Sandy., Please note that our St. Luke's healthcare center is closed today due to power outage. However, our main campus healthcare center is open., Here is some important information in relation to Hurricane Sandy and links to resources courtesy of Cuyahoga County Board of Health. 

As Hurricane Sandy approaches the shores of New Jersey, there are sure to be many associated issues such as power outages, flooding, washed-out roads, downed trees, limited access to food and fresh water, and more.

Here in Cuyahoga County, we may not experience true hurricane conditions, but our weather is sure to be affected by high wind speeds and sustained winds, continued rainfall and cool temperatures. This could result in our area dealing with problems similar to those of residents and businesses located closer to the eye of the storm.

In order to be properly prepared, we suggest that you visit the links below so that you can best protect your home and family against the dangers created by the hurricane.

http://www.ccbh.net/emergency-preparedness-links
http://www.ccbh.net/disaster-response
http://www.ccbh.net/carbon-monoxide
http://www.ready.gov/ohio
http://www.google.org/publicalerts/alert?aid=9aea328df032f06b&hl=en&gl=US&
source=web, The Ohio Emergency Management Agency is preparing for high winds and flooding tonight. Power outages are expected. Make sure your disaster supply kit is well-stocked. Ensure you have fresh batteries in flashlights, bottled water, nonperishable foods, blankets, warm clothing, a manual can opener, first aid kit and a battery-powered radio. For more information, visit www.ready.ohio.gov or www.weathersafety.ohio.gov., Thx to partners: Academy of Medicine of Cleveland & Northern OH, Better Health Greater Cleveland, @CWRU, @CityofCleveland, @CCBH_Net, @metrohealth and @VNAOhio., Thx to exhibitors Exact Care Pharmacy, Independence Business Supply, @KramesStayWell, and @SOCHealthSystem. #OHLC, Thx to #OHLC funders: @SOCHealthSystem, @saintlukesfdn, Mt. Sinai Foundation. #healthliteracy, What a great event! #OHLC Thx to all sponsors, esp presenters @NEOhospitals and Regency Construction Services. #healthliteracy, Thanks to all our sponsors, funders and partners. We had a great inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference. We look forward to continuing the work of health literacy!, We're tweeting the final session of the Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Honored to have Dr. Cynthia Baur from CDC sharing the National Action Plan to Improve Health Literacy., We are tweeting the Ohio Health Literacy Conference live from the Renaissance Cleveland Hotel. Join us in the conversation @StVincentCMC hashtag #OHLC, One of Karen Komondor's favorite videos to demonstrate the teach-back method. , Full house at Ohio Health Literacy Conference., How healthcare has changed over the past 40 years. , Restoration of East 22nd Street moves one step closer to reality.

http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2012/10/clevelands_east_22nd_street_pr.html, #OHLC day is here! So proud to be a sponsor and champion of #healthliteracy. Follow events today @stvincentcmc #OHLC, We’ll be tweeting from #healthliteracy conference tomorrow. Follow the conversation using #OHLC., Final preparations are underway for Friday’s #healthliteracy conference. Hope to see you there! www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Drs. Ted Parran and Chris Adelman, co-directors of Rosary Hall, penned an op-ed in today's cleveland.com in support of Ed FitzGerald's heroin initiative. 

http://www.cleveland.com/opinion/index.ssf/2012/10/in_support_of_a_county-wide_ap.html#incart_river_default, Pastoral Care Week Fact #2 

Fr. Isidore Munishi, AJ, is a member of the Apostles of Jesus community, that’s why he has the letters AJ after his name. Jesuits have the letters SJ after their name, which stands for the Society of Jesus., So pleased to have Matt Carroll from @ccbh_net to introduce #healthliteracy keynote at #OHLC on Fri. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, October 22nd marks the first day of Pastoral Care Week 2012.  Check out our page daily this week for facts about St. Vincent Charity's Pastoral Care department.

Fact #1 --Chaplains are available to offer emotional & spiritual support to patients, their families & friends; to caregivers & to visitors to our Medical Center., We're doing the best thing we can for Cleveland. Hiring. We have immediate openings for the following positions:
• Nurse Practitioner, Behavioral
Health
• Staff RN positions for Behavioral Health
• Staff RN positions for the Emergency
Department (SV and Solon)
• Patient Care Coordinator for the
Emergency Department
• RN Utilization Coordinator for the
Quality Department
• RNs and Physician Assistants for Surgery
St. Vincent Charity offers competitive salaries and benefits; lowest turnover among nursing staff in Cleveland area; high level of engagement in faith-based mission; dynamic, diverse environment of a teaching hospital; easy access to most highways. 
www.stvincentcharity.com/opportunities, On Friday we were so pleased and honored to host Rob, Carla and Jaclyn Brandt from Robby's Voice. They shared their experiences with us in the hopes of helping others who struggle with addiction. They lost their own son, Robby, a year ago yesterday to a heroin addiction. The Brandt's joined Michelle Gillcrist and Jennifer Biddinger from the Ohio Attorney General's Office., Hope to see you at the Ohio Health Literacy Conference on Friday! Register today at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Our Pizzazz event is featured in today's Plain Dealer PDQ sections.
http://www.cleveland.com/pdq/index.ssf/2012/10/st_vincent_charity_medical_cen.html, On October 17th six newly renovated departments at St. Vincent Charity were blessed in a "Journey of Blessings", Hurry today to register for Ohio Health Literacy Conference on 10/26. Space is ltd. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Happy Friday, everyone! Did you get your flu shot?, Hear from @SOCHealthSystem Foundation and @saintlukesfdn, early funders of #healthliteracy initiatives on 10/26. #OHLC www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's annual caregiver/community health fair offered lots of important health information and vaccinations/screenings, as well as many fun activities for children., Join us at 2 p.m. 10/16 for Rosary Hall's 60th anniversary Mass. Sr. Ignatia's cousin Fr. Jim O'Donnell will be celebrant. Rosary Hall open house follows the Mass in Holy Trinity Chapel., @VNAOhio and @CCBH_Net share case studies from their #healthliteracy work at #OHLC. Register online at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, A hearty THANK YOU to all who supported our Pizzazz gala this weekend. We are grateful., If you'd like to support the mission of St. Vincent Charity, please visit www.stvincentcharity.com/giving. , Special thanks to Sherwin-Williams Chairman and CEO Chris Connor who has so successfully chaired our Pizzazz gala, and to Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson who is honorary chair., Our Pizzazz gala is tonight at Cleveland Public Hall. We've had a tremendous response to this signature fundraiser and look forward to celebrating the wonderful mission of St. Vincent Charity with 950 of our friends!, What is @TJCommission doing about #healthliteracy? Find out and what it means for providers at #OHLC on 10/26. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Welcome, Leadership Cleveland Class of 2013 to St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, Our Celebration of Wellness health fair is still going on until 5 p.m. today!  Stop by our back lawn for great childrens activities -- including pumpkin decorating and fun contests -- or come inside for important health information and free vaccines/screenings., #OHLC keynote is @cdcgov Dr. Cynthia Baur, lead editor of Natl. Action Plan to Improve #healthliteracy. Register today! www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Our campus will be hopping tomorrow afternoon as we celebrate wellness with our annual health fair. We'll be focused not only on our Caregivers, but also on the Central neighborhood. Stop by and check out all the fun--and healthy--events!
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/News/Press-Releases/Celebration_of_the_month, Excited to have @joecimperman welcoming guests to #OHLC conference on 10/26. Thx for your support, Councilman! #healthliteracy Register today!
www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Ultrasound services are now available at our Rockside Imaging Center at 4400 Rockside Road. These services are in addition to our MRI, CT scan, X-ray, Echocardiology and Nuclear Cardiology. Our great staff out at Rockside also handles precertification and insurance verification., 3 patient?s for #healthliteracy: What is my main problem? What do I do about it? Why is it impt. I do something about it. #OHLC Learn more at Ohio Health Literacy Conference on 10/26.
www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Plain Dealer reporter Diane Suchetka writes about health literacy in today's Plain Dealer Health section. 
http://www.cleveland.com/healthfit/index.ssf/2012/10/doctors_nurses_and_other_profe.html#incart_river_default, October is Health Literacy Month. Plan to attend the Ohio Health Literacy Conference on 10/26. Register today www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC., Congratulations to our Stroke Team on earning Get with the Guidelines Gold Plus Award for stroke care! 
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/News/Awards-and-Recognition/Get_With_The_Guidelines_Gold_Plus_Award, Did you know taking someone else's controlled narcotic prescription is a felony? #opiateconference

Dr. Parran addresses the crowd at the Opiate Epidemic Conference., Rosary Hall’s Dr. Ted Parran will be the keynote presenter today at ADAMHS Board of Cuyahoga County's Opiate Epidemic Conference.  Dr. Parran will be speaking about the prevention and treatment of opiate addiction.  Follow @CLEstvincentcharity for live tweets from the conference!, Congratulations to the 2012 St. Vincent de Paul Award recipients -- Jack and Mary Jane Breen and Paul Clark, Regional President of PNC Bank!  The award, given in honor of our patron saint, is meant to recognize friends, supporters and community leaders who best exemplify St. Vincent de Paul's charitable spirit.

The award will be presented at Pizzazz on October 13th, 2012.


http://www.stvincentcharity.com/news/Press-Releases/SVDP_Award_Recipients_2012, Special reminder to all of our caregivers – today is the Feast of St. Vincent de Paul!

All of our caregivers are invited to attend a feast in honor of our patron saint, St. Vincent de Paul.  Meals will be served in the cafeteria today during regular lunch and supper hours and again at 11:00 pm for the night shift.  

Mass will be held at 2:00 p.m. in the Holy Trinity Chapel with guest priest Father John D. Betters. 

We look forward to enjoying this special day with you all!, Rosary Hall's Dr. Ted Parran featured on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland tonight as preview to Ed FitzGerald's county heroin initiative. http://www.wkyc.com/news/article/262643/45/Cuyahoga-County-responds-with-heroin-crackdown, Tune in or set your DVRs to Channel 3 - WKYZ at 7 tonight to see Dr. Ted Parran, associate medical director of Rosary Hall, and one of our Rosary Hall patients talk about the heroin epidemic in Cuyahoga County.

This story is a preview to tomorrow morning’s announcement by Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald of the launch of a countywide opiate task force., Check out the badge photo of our newest Caregiver -- Bingo!, Please welcome, Bingo the golden retriever to the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family. Bingo and his handler, Occupational Therapist Ed Di Lellio will be visiting patients on Wednesday afternoons., Rosary Hall's own Dr. Ted Parran will be featured on tonight's Addiction special on WVIZ PBS. Tune at 8 p.m. to see experts discussing the biology of addiction and the pathway to recovery.
, Tweeting Karen Komondor's talk about Health literacy at Better Health Greater Cleveland learning collaborative. Follow @stvincentCMC, Last chance to register for Session 3 of the Ohio Health Literacy Conference Series... THIS THURSDAY at 7:30am at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Log onto www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC for more information about this and our Conference Day on October 26th., It's national Environmental Services Week and Health IT Week. We'd like to honor our EVS and IT Caregviers for all they do to every day., Sign up today for #healthliteracy 101 workshop at SVCMC this Thurs. #OHLC 2012. Help patients understand act live. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Dr. Louis Keppler, co-director of the Spine and Orthopedic Institute at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is highly involved in research and has published an article in the August issue of Reconstructive Review journal, published by the Joint Implant Surgery and Research Foundation. 
, Now that Labor Day has passed, it's time to plan for fall workshops. #OHLC2012 workshop is 9/13 and conference day is 10/26. Register today! Space is limited. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC

Project Learn, @TheCenterforHealthAffairs,  The MetroHealth System, Saint Luke's Foundation, Better Health Greater Cleveland, Visiting Nurse Association of Ohio (VNA), Cleveland Department of Public Health and Cuyahoga County Board of Health., Welcome to all our newest fans! We surpassed 600 fans over the weekend. News this week? We're hiring. Looking for director of behavioral health and a behavioral health nurse practitioner. Apply online at http://tbe.taleo.net/NA2/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=SISTERSOFCHARITYHEALTH&cws=6&rid=2793, Time is running out. Sign up today for #healthliteracy 101 workshop on 9/13. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC., Save the date for Thursday, Sept. 13th. Plan to attend the #OHLC2012 #health literacy 101 workshop here at St. Vincent Charity. Register online at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, We are two fans away from 600. Spread the word and help us move on to the next fan milestone!, We received word today from the CDC and the Ohio Department of Health about the public health hazards of consuming raw milk. Read more at the CDC website.
http://www.cdc.gov/foodsafety/rawmilk/raw-milk-index.html, Have you registered for #OHLC2012 Health Literacy 101 on September 13th? Visit our website to sign up today. Space is limited. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Congratulations to our own Dr. Michael Canales, recognized by The Ohio State University as one of the 100 Buckeyes You Should Know. Congratulations, Dr. Canales!
http://www.ohiostatebuckeyes.com/100/buckeyes.html, Ohio ties with Kansas with 13th highest obesity rate in the nation. Visit our website learn more about surgical and nonsurgical weight loss options.
http://www.rwjf.org/newsroom/product.jsp?id=74724, WCPN featured a story this morning about end of life care. Our Pastoral Care department is available to help patients craft Living Wills and Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care. Click to read more about Advance Directives: http://www.stvincentcharity.com/patients-visitors/advance-directives.aspx, If you missed yesterday's live chat with Dr. Aviv Ben-Meir, medical director of our Center for Bariatric Surgery, on WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton, you can replay the chat here.
http://www.newsnet5.com/generic/news/webchat/live-chat-st-vincent-charity-medical-center-bariatric-surgery, News about our health literacy efforts is in the latest issue of the Campus District Observer. 
http://campusdistrictobserver.com/read/2012/08/03/raising-health-literacy-awareness-through-ohio-health-literacy-conference-series, Read about our 60th Anniversary luncheon for Rosary Hall in the latest issue of the Campus District Observer.

http://campusdistrictobserver.com/read/2012/08/03/rosary-hall-celebrates-60-years, null, Congratulations to our August Caregiver of the Month: Meghan Crooks, a night-shift nurse on our 3A medical-surgical unit. The winning nomination read: "Meghan truly values and consistently shows kindness and concern to all of her patients.  She is often complimented by patients for going above and beyond in the care that she provides for them.  They talk about how Meghan has patience, how she listens to them and how she explains things in terms they can understand. I often see her helping her co-workers; she is mindful that teamwork is often needed in order to best meet the needs of the patients.", St. Vincent Charity hosted a breaking of the Ramadan fast with our Muslim physicians and residents. , Have questions about bariatric surgery. Visit WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton to live chat between 12:30-1:30 p.m. today with our own Dr. Aviv Ben-Meir, medical director of the Center for Bariatric Surgery. 
http://www.newsnet5.com/generic/news/webchat/live-chat-st-vincent-charity-medical-center-bariatric-surgery, Because it's tradition. John and Jeff with Bishop Roger Gries and Father Andy Turner, a Fest organizer., Fireworks!!!, "Last year we had a monsoon. This year why not have a blizzard." Fr Bob Stec ending with Joy to the World., Our EMS team, John Dunn and Jeff Wilson at the end of a long day, We couldn't do this without them., Following Communion for tens of thousands...priests store the Host., Communion central at our first aid tent., The back of this T-shirt says it all. Team Leader John Dunn makes the entire day flow smoothly., null, It's been a great day here at @the_fest. Bishop Roger Gries celebrates Mass outdoors., EMS coordinator Jeff Wilson with Father Bob Stec, mastermind of @the_fest!, Let's hear it for the west side First Aid crew!!!! @the_fest, Sun is coming out. You'll want to rock your St. Vincent Charity shades like Kaitie and Hannah. @the_fest, The early crew at @thefest. Katie, John, Dave and Jeff. Light rain now, but should clear out soon., Congratulations to our Clinical Pastoral Education Supervisory Students: Rev. Vasyl E. Marchak, Rev. Faith A. Proietti, Rev. Bohyun Yu., Congratulations to all of our Clinical Pastoral Education interns: Joyce Butler, Rev. Dr. Everett L. Caldwell, Rev. Adam Davis, Rev. Angelina Davis, William Eshalman, Travis S. Gingrich, Rev. Charles A. Guilyot, Rev. Napoleon A. Harris, Pastor Dixie Hendricks, Heidi Holst, Tim Jensen, Rev. Fr. Simon Kmaryo, Rev. Bonnie Montgomery, Sr. Mary Auilia Mtuy, Rev. Sarah Nix, Kevin J. Pike, Pastor Bernice Sharp, Rev. Dianne Shirey, Nancy L. Snyder, Sr. Susanne M. Skorich, Kimberly E. Trombley, Sr. Valerie Sweeney, Rev. William J. Wisniewski, Rev. Donald Verdell., Congratulations to our Clinical Pastoral Education residents who graduated yesterday: LaSonya Goldston-Johnson, Jenei Grigg, Gary J. Kooy, Rev. Father Augustine Okwuzu and Mary Kathryn Timko., I missed posting part 1 of Tom Meyer's story on heroin addiction in the suburbs. Here's a link. Thanks to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland for covering this important issue. If you or a loved one suffers from addiction, call Rosary Hall at 216.363.2580 and select option 4 to speak to someone immediately. 
http://www.wkyc.com/video/1762499870001/52747301001/Investigator-Heroin-epidemic-hits-Cleveland-suburbs-Part-1, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center participated in the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Aligning Forces for Quality Initiative over the past 18 months. We were the only hospital in Cleveland to tackle improving language services to patients. We saw a 99% improvement in screening for preferred language for health-related communications. 
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/News/Press-Releases/hospitals_improve_quality_and_safety, Our own Dr. Mike Canales, podiatric surgeon, is profiled by Monica Robins (WKYC). More to come from Dr. Canales and Monica Robins!
http://www.wkyc.com/sports/olympics/article/254024/439/Cleveland-doctor-has-unique-insight-on-Olympic-gymnastics, WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland airs Tom Meyer investigation on the heroin epidemic hitting the suburbs. If you or a loved one have a problem with prescription narcotics or heroin, please call the Rosary Hall intake line at 216.363.2580. 

http://www.wkyc.com/news/article/254292/45/Investigator-Heroin-epidemic-hits-Cleveland-suburbs, State Senator Nina Turner was in a for a visit today with Dr. David Perse, president and CEO, and to see our diabetes education program. Thanks for stopping by, Senator., Want to welcome our newest fans: Hassan, Jessica, Bethany, George, Jennifer, Nicole, Jeremiah, Jessica, Zachary, Kimberly, Jessica, Nurse Jelly, Ismael, Yvette and Ciara! Thanks for becoming fans of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, Good Monday morning, fans! Hope you'll tune in tonight to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland to see a report from Monica Robins (WKYC) featuring our own Dr. Michael Canales. Also, Tom Meyer has a story on heroin in the suburbs. His story features interviews with a former Rosary Hall patient and Dr. Ted Parran. Tune in at 5 and 6 tonight!, To honor and celebrate our Muslim physicians and residents,  St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is hosting Iftar, the breaking of the Ramadan fast at 8:30 p.m. on Friday, August 3., When a Sister asks you to help, you say, yes Sister. -- Chris Connor, CEO of Sherwin Williams and chair of our Pizzazz gala., Be sure to stop by one of two First Aid booths. We'll be handing out totes, wellness kits and -- sunglasses! , From the National Stroke Association., Wishing a Happy Birthday to our own Dr. Michael Canales one of our podiatric surgeons. Happy Birthday, Dr. Canales!, What's up this week at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center? News about our Pizzazz gala, birthday wishes, health literacy and much, much more., Our Chief Operating Officer Joan Ross was featured in today's PDQ attending the Joseph's Home Annual Luncheon. , Health literacy is an important initiative at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. We're proud of our Diretor of Education Karen Komondor who had a article published in July/August 2012 issue of Northern Ohio Physician. We'll post a link to the article when it's available. We're also happy to have the Academy of Medicine of Northern Ohio as a partner for the Ohio Health Literacy Conference.
Visit www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC to learn more., Congratulations to Marijo Atkinson, our patient representative in the Emergency Department and for Behavioral Health, on being named July Caregiver of the Month. Her winning nomination read: 

"Marijo shows respect for the dignity and value of all people. She always goes above and beyond to try to satisfy our patients and their family. She is mindful of meeting the needs of the patients and connecting them with resources that are available in the community that can enhance their lives. She works with shelters in the area to set up activities for the residents and collaborates with other facilities to ensure the homeless and uninsured are provided with appropriate care. Her persistence and willingness to always help others exemplifies the Mission and Values of SVCMC!", From today's PD editorial: "Downtown Cleveland's health is critical to the entire county's -- indeed to the entire region's -- future. A thriving downtown boosts everything around it."
http://www.cleveland.com/opinion/index.ssf/2012/07/casino_revenue_should_be_focus.html, Thanks to our newest fans: Samantha, Ahmed, Ismail and John! Thanks for becoming a fan of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., Happy Fourth of July from all of us at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center! Have a safe holiday!, A new message from President and CEO Dr. David Perse. 
http://www.stvincentcharity.com/about/ceo-message.aspx, Check our our new Rosary Hall 60th anniversary video., We have a saying here that goes, "All roads lead to St. Vincent Charity." Don't believe us? Here's proof., Come support our sister hospital's event. The annual St. John Medical Center Festival of the Arts will be held this weekend. Great art, health screenings and the best kettle corn around! , Special thanks to our newest fans: Melvin, Cindy, Bill and Ruth! Thanks for becoming a fan of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, We're excited to be back at The Fest for our third year. We'll be providing first aid at two locations. Hope to see you there! , St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s internal medicine residency program has achieved the highest percentage passing rate on the American Board of Internal Medicine (www.abim.org) exam in the state of Ohio. In all, 98 percent of the hospital’s residents passed the exam in 2011. 

Residency programs seek to strike a balance between clinical training and education. “This achievement is evidence of our combination of a well-qualified physician faculty, exceptionally knowledgeable residents and a program structure that is conducive to high-quality learning,” said Keyvan Ravakhah, director of the internal medicine residency program at St. Vincent Charity.

St. Vincent Charity Medical Center began its residency program in April 1999, when the program moved from the former Saint Luke’s Hospital. Since then it has consistently achieved high passage rates on the board exam. The next highest passage rates in Ohio in 2011 are Riverside Methodist Hospitals in Columbus, and University Hospital/University of Cincinnati College of Medicine in Cincinnati. 

“A lot of the credit for the success of this program goes to Dr. Richard Christie, who led the program for more than 20 years,” said Ravakhah. “His leadership over all these years has contributed to such a high passage rate.” Dr. Christie retired as program director in December 2011., A big WELCOME HOME to Wendy Hoke our Senior Director of Marketing Communications!  We are glad to have your talent, energy and smile back at St. Vincent!, Wendy Hoke, Senior Director of Marketing and Communications is looking to hire a Marketing and Volunteer Coordinator. She is seeking someone who is a strong writer, experienced in social media, detail-oriented, high energy and willing to learn. You can apply online at http://tbe.taleo.net/NA2/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=SISTERSOFCHARITYHEALTH&cws=6&rid=2712. If you have questions about the position, you can email Wendy at wendyhoke@gmail.com., Celebrating helping men & women on the road to recovery from alcoholism and addiction, Congratulations to Glenn Strong, Support Service Aid II in Food & Nutritional Services!  He was selected as Caregiver of the Month for June using the following information written on his nomincation form: No matter how stressful the day is or how many obstacles come up, he is always there with a smile, calmly handling one challenge after another.  When there are last minute caterings he is always willing to jump in and help.  He is the type of person that when you see him working on your shift you know it is going to be a good day no matter how busy the hospital may be. 
Thank you Glenn for all that you do!, #HealthLiteracy is vital to Cleveland's health industry and the entire community! Join our efforts at #OHLC.  www.stvincentcharity.com/ohlc , Our June Caregiver of the Month will soon be announced! We had 16 nominations come in praising specific individuals and how they demonstrate the Mission and Values of St. Vincent Charity.  Some Caregivers received multiple nominations!  It was a very tough decision for the voting committee as always.  Stay tuned ..., #HealthLiteracy is a real world challenge thousands of Cleveland families face each & every day. Learn more at #OHLC. www.stvincentcharity.com/ohlc , There are some exciting career opportunities at St. Vincent Charity!  We have RN Director/Advanced Practice positions in our Behavioral Health Department, Emergency Department and Wound Care Center.  In addition there are RN staff positions available in our Cardiac Cath Lab, Quality Department, Operating Room and Emergency Department.  Learn more and apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com.  Click on "Opportunities" , null, Imagine not understanding directions on a medicine bottle.  Don't take #Health Literacy for granted.  Register now! #OHLC www.stvincentcharity.com/ohlc , Rosary Hall's 60th Anniversary Luncheon is fast approaching!  Tuesday, June 12 at Windows on the River.  Registration starts at 11:30.  Individual tickets are $40.  See the attached link for more details.  http://sistersofcharityhealth.org/events/rosary-hall-60th-anniversary-luncheon, Thank you to our 2012 #OHLC Presenting Partners: The Health Literacy Institute & Project Learn!  Learn more and register: http://www.stvincentcharity.com/programs-services/centers-excellence/health-literacy/conference.aspx , Congratulations to Martha Nickel - one of our talented nurses.  Martha is the Caregiver of the Month!  Her nomination read: 
Martha always welcomes an assignment and cheerfully performs her duties. She often offers to help other staff.  She assists patients that are not assigned to her and will then communicate quickly to the assigned staff what she has done for them.  Her patients always come first - and it shows. 
Congratualtions Martha!, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is seeking a Director of Marketing & Communications.  To view the job description and apply visit www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities. , County Executive Ed FitzGerald met with St. Vincent Charity Medical Center President and CEO David Perse, MD, on Friday.  Joined by Chief of Staff Matt Carroll, the group discussed St. Vincent Charity’s important role in the community as a Catholic high-quality health care provider, major employer and economic engine., Save the dates for #OHLC 2012! Many opportunities to hear from top industry speakers at our #Health Literacy series. , We are pleased to share that two of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center’s physicians will be honored at the Academy of Medicine of Cleveland & Northern Ohio (AMCNO) Annual Meeting Dinner and Awards Presentation on Friday, April 27 at the Ritz-Carlton Cleveland. Louis Keppler, M.D., co-director of St. Vincent Charity’s Spine and Orthopedic Institute, will receive the 2012 Clinician of the Year designation for his long-time devotion and service to his patients.  The award was given in recognition that “Dr. Keppler exemplifies the highest ideals and ethics of the medical profession.”

At this same event, the academy’s foundation, the Academy of Medicine Education Foundation (AMEF), will bestow its inaugural AMEF Philanthropy Award on John Bastulli, M.D., St. Vincent Charity’s president of medical staff. He will be recognized for his “unparalleled commitment to the AMEF” and for his work as an outstanding fundraiser. It was through Dr. Bastulli’s vision and leadership that the AMEF launched the Marissa Rose Biddlestone Memorial Golf outing, which has become one of the major fundraising events for the foundation. The AMEF will present six local medical students with scholarships worth $5,000 each at the dinner., Cuyahoga Council Members toured our hospital and spoke with Dr. Perse, President and CEO of St. Vincent Charity about the important role we play in the community.  We thank Council President C. Ellen Connally, Councilman Dale Miller, Councilman Pernel Jones Jr, Cuyahoga County Council Chief of Staff Joe Nanni, and Council Senior Policy Advisor Sr. Joanne Gross, OSU. , For six decades, more than 62,000 people have entered the doors of Rosary Hall at St. Vincent Charity seeking support and solution for their alcohol and other drug addictions.  Rosary Hall continues to be the leader in alcohol and drug withdrawal management and outpatient services in Ohio.  Join us in celebrating our Anniversary on June 12! See the attached link for details. , This week is National Volunteer Week.  St. Vincent Charity is very fortunate to have over 150 active volunteers performing a variety of roles - with many helping us provide special services for our patients. To all of our volunteers we give a heart felt thank you for giving us your time and talent.  You are truly appeciated!, Joe Gauntner, Cuyahoga County's Deputy Chief of Staff for Health & Human Services recently toured St. Vincent Charity.  Chief Nursing Officer, Sharon Thomas assisted in showing him our medical center., Congratulations to Peggy Patton, RN in our GI Lab.  Peggy was selected as the April Caregiver of the Month!  Here is sample of what was written on her nomination form: 
Peggy truly cares about our patients and always ensures that they are safe and as comfortable as possible and that they are cared for with respect, dignity and compassion.  She is a major part of why the endoscopy unit is a happy place to work., Thank you to all of our patients who take the time to fill out & return the survey about the care they received at St. Vincents.  Your voice is important to us!, Congratulations to Dr. Wardega for being named Doctor of the Year!  Our President and CEO Dr. Perse presented the award this afternoon., St. Vincent's is celebrating our amazing physicians for National Doctor's Day.  We thank them for the wonderful care they give our patients every day!  We are blessed to have such compassionate skillful physicians., The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has launched a national campaign to educate the public on the harmful effects of smoking and to encourage quitting. The "Tips From Smokers" campaign features real people who have experienced  smoking-related illnesses.  They provide encouragement and information on how to access free help.  Here's the link:  
 http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/campaign/tips/ , Kudos to our amazing Quality Team!  Their organization and efforts during our recent Joint Commission Survey was top notch. Great job everyone!, null, When you have been a hospital patient, which of the following has mattered MOST to you?, Congratulations to Connie Kirkpatrick, a cashier in the cafeteria on being selected the March Caregiver of the Month. Her winning nomination read: "Connie has a warm smile and greeting for everyone she encounters every day -    no matter what is going on.  She values every person she comes across and understands what it might be like to be in their situation.  She uses this understanding to reach out and help people.  It is rare to find a person who truly sees life through another person’s perspective.  There are many frequent repeat customers in the cafeteria and if Connie does not see them for awhile, she has genuine concern for their health and well being.  Even when she is working long hours and many consecutive days she has the same loving and caring attitude toward everyone." Congratulations, Connie!, We're looking for PRN staff (4 positions total) for our surgery department. We need two general duty nurses. Experience in the following surgical specialties required: orthopedic, spine, general, plastics and laparoscopic. Ability to scrub a plus. We also need 2 PRN RNFA/Surgical Assistants. Ability to first assist on multiple specialties including advanced laparoscopic procedures, orthopedics, spine, general, plastics, urology and gynecology required. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities. , And the job board keeps growing. We are looking for nurses for our PACU (that's the recovery room). We need two PRN general duty nurses. Spanish speaking is a plus. And we need one full-time lifestyle nurse with knowledge of critical care medications and airway management required. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities. , We are seeking a Nurse Practitioner with 3-5 years experience in an acute-care behavioral health setting required. Apply online for this full-time position at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities., We have an opening for a general duty RN in radiology/special procedures. Experience with PICC Line insertion preferred. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities., The department of surgery is hiring a full-time RN Clinical Coordinator for orthopedics/podiatry. Previous management experience required. We're looking for someone with demonstrated experience in developing and maintaining strong physician and staff relationships. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities., Are you an experienced RN with cardiac cath lab experience? We have an opening for a full-time Lifestyle RN. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on opportunities., Just a reminder that we still have some key positions open in: nursing IT, critical care education, occupational medicine and behavioral health. We are also looking for PAs and NPs. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on Opportunities., We had a nice bump in fans over the weekend. Thanks for joining the St. Vincent Charity community on Facebook!, St. Vincent Charity is sponsoring the documentary, "Bill W." Check back for more details on screening information. , Welcome back, Sister Mary Ann! We've missed you!, Interested in Behavioral Health? We are looking for a quite a few RNs with experience and interest in Behavioral Health for our expanding program. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com and click on opportunities., Interested in education? We are looking for RN critical care and IT educator. Apply online at www.stvincentcharity.com., Want to combine passion for nursing and information technology? We are looking for an Informatics RN. Apply online! www.stvincentcharity.com, Looking for a job? We have openings for Physician's Assistant or Nurse Practitioner at our Solon Occupational Health site. Apply online!, Several weeks ago we had a dumpster fire that could have been tragic. But thanks to the fast action of our Security Officers and Cleveland Fire Department, it was extinguished. SVC President Dr. David Perse presented Shelby Blaines, Bobby Burns and Darrell Beverly with the President's Award for service above and beyond the call of duty. Thank you, guys!, Congratulations to Albert Thomas, who is the 2011 Caregiver of the Year! Al works in Environmental Services here at St. Vincent Charity and greets everyone, everyday with a bright smile., 81% of our patients surveyed in the 4th quarter of 2011 rated their overall experience at St. Vincent Charity as “Excellent” this puts us in the 94th percentile for patient satisfaction.  Wow!, Our new patient satisfaction results are in … We are in the 94th percentile for overall patient satisfaction!  Congratulations to our dedicated Caregivers and thank you to our wonderful patients for completing the survey process., Congratulations to Blaise Held who was named February's Caregiver of the Month. Here's what the nomination had to say about our plumber: "Blaise watches out for our best interests every time someone calls with a plumbing problem.  He responds quickly and with a smile so you can continue to give care to our patients without a hitch. He also troubleshoots processing problems and takes the appropriate corrective actions.  He provides feedback continually in all directions letting management and the involved areas know what is going on.  His attentiveness to his job - often watching out for everyone’s best interest has saved SVCMC so much time and money it would be difficult to find enough words to thank him. ", Our newest inpatient unit is complete, featuring private rooms and state-of-the-art care for medical surgical and telemetry patients., Today we blessed the 5A patient unit, which completes construction of the fifth floor of our patient tower. Special thanks to Nurse Manager Donna Tizzano and her incredible staff on 3A and 5B for managing the transition. Special thanks to Regency Construction for their fine job in sheparding our project to completion. With this opening, we now have an additional 11 private rooms., Amazing stats from the 2011 class of bariatric patients! Of 43 cases of high blood pressure; 23 now have normal blood pressure. There were 24 cases of diabetes, 16 of which have now been resolved. Of the 56 patients with sleep apnea, an incredible 53 people no longer need their CPAP machines. Prior to surgery, this group took a total of 297 pills per day. After surgery, the group takes a total of 110., Dr. David Perse, President of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, shares a New Year's message on our website. http://www.stvincentcharity.com/about/ceo-message.aspx, Congratulations to Eugene Jordan, the January Caregiver of the Month! Gene is our house painter and one of the friendliest faces at St. Vincent. His nomination read: "Gene is known throughout the hospital and is one of the most friendly and helpful people that works here.  He is a good natured person and easy to talk with.  He conducts himself as a good Christian and lives the same way.  As Chief Steward at SVCMC he works with all employees in all matters.  He has been re-elected Chief Steward many times which shows all employees have respect for him & his integrity and he for them.", We have 389 fans. Can we get to 400 by end of today?, MLK Event , Wow! What a powerful celebration we had today for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Thanks to the choir from Holy Spirit Church in Garfield Heights, PaPa Assane M'Baye and the performers of Tam Tam Magic Drum and Dance, and to our own Caregivers: Orlando Howard, Karen Scroggins, Cathy Kopinsky and Kathleen Burn for their beautiful reflections. And, of course, special thanks to our keynote speaker, Randy McShepard, for his inspirational speech., Join us at 2 p.m. today for our annual Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Celebration. We'll have reflection, music and a keynote address by Randy McShepard. http://www.stvincentcharity.com/News/in-the-news/Randell%20McShepard%20to%20speak%20at%20MLK%20event, William Patrick Day Early Childhood Center / No Tears for Christmas , Every year, our incredibly generous Caregivers purchase gifts for students at William Patrick Day Early Childhood Center. You can see from the photos the generosity our team. We received a lovely note of thanks for Celeste Bajorek, Early Childhood Manager of William Patrick Day. Thanks to all who participated in making sure there were, "No Tears for Christmas.", St. Vincent Charity is pleased to present its annual Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Celebration at 2 p.m. Monday in Holiday Trinity Chapel. Join us as we experience reflections, music and drumming and a keynote delivered by Randy McShepard, vice president of public affairs for RPM International and co-founder and chairman of PolicyBridge. Randy is also a member of the Board of Directors of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., The new year is off to a fast start. What is your New Year's resolution?, Happy New Year from all the Caregivers at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. May 2012 be filled with good health, lasting happiness and enduring hope., Nice column from @ReginaBrett about work of Twinsburg FD. Our Solon Medical Campus EMS Coordinator @JohnDunn led effort to donate coffee and food. A great community effort!, Are you or someone you love interested in bariatric surgery? Visit our website for the complete listing of 2012 seminars. You can also take our interactive webinar at your convenience. Get a jump on your New Year's Resolution. Call 888-362-9732 to register for a seminar today. , Special thanks to Schuster's Westview Gardens for once again decking St. Vincent Charity's halls with beautiful poinsettias! , Did you catch Dr. Michael Canales, podiatric surgeon, on Spotlight 5 on Friday? Check back later and we'll be sure to post video from the segment., Christmas Program 2011 , At 2 p.m. today St. Vincent Charity will host its annual Christmas program in Holy Trinity Chapel. All are welcome to join us for songs, poems and readings of the season. See you there! Patients can watch it live on Channel 15., Do you or someone you love suffer from uterine fibroids? If so, plan to attend a Lunch and Learn at 11:30 a.m. tomorrow in the St. Vincent de Paul room. Dr. Deepak Arora, chief of women's health services, and Dr. Dan Rockey, interventional radiologist, will speak about the less-invasive treatment options available. Call 216-363-7428 for more information., Congratulations to Rose Anne Stauder, clinical dietitian and certified diabetes educator, on being named the December Caregiver of the Month. Here's what her nomination said: "Rose Anne consistently puts the needs of the patients and her coworkers ahead of her own.  As the only inpatient Certified Diabetes Educator in the hospital she is always “on call” to see patients regarding diabetes education.  She does this in addition to her other job responsibilities.  When asked if she needs help she usually replies, “I’m OK”.  She always gives the patients her full attention and spends the extra time needed to complete the job, such as following up with the doctors and nurses, making outpatient appointments, contacting the patient’s PCP and calling them at home after discharge, if needed.  When I see patients who have worked with her in the past, they are always complimentary and ask to see her.  Of course, she usually makes the time to stop in to see them.", Rockside Imaging Center , This afternoon, Michelle Gillcrist, Director of Programs & Development for Cuyahoga & Lorain Counties for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine paid a visit to our Behavioral Health Department. Here she is pictured talking to Dr. Chris Adelman (center), medical director of Rosary Hall, on our inpatient detox unit. Also pictured is Orlando Howard, clinical manager of Rosary Hall., We've got some January dates posted for our free weight loss surgery live seminars. Check them out online. Full 2012 schedule will be posted soon. Or you can always view our interactive online webinar at your convenience. , null, We're hosting an open house today at our new Rockside Imaging Center, 4400 Rockside Road. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by to say hello., Check out the profile of Dr. David Perse, president of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Read it online or in tomorrow's Plain Dealer. , The Campus District is getting a lot of attention in PD these days. Nice to see good things happening in our neighborhood!, Special thanks to our hardworking Environmental Services crew who take the time to decorate our hospital for the holidays!, The American Stroke Association wants to hear from YOU. They are taping Stroke Survivor stories to bring awareness to the community! Tell your story and save a life! 
Saturday, January 28, 2012
1—3:30 pm
Catherdral Worship Center
21601 Euclid Avenue, Euclid, OH
We need to hear from you by Thurs. January 19th…..ACT NOW!
For more information please contact Brenda Parks
216.619.5147 or brenda.parks@heart.org, This afternoon we are celebrating Dr. Richard Christie, longtime program director of our internal medicine residency. Dr. Christie is "retiring," from his program directorship, but we look forward to having him around as a part-time member of the internal medicine residency teaching faculty. Thank you, Dr. Christie, for all your work on behalf of St. Vincent Charity., St. Vincent Charity is one of the three Ohio hospitals joining the Ohio Health Information Exchange. , null, Meet Rose Anne Stauder and Mariellen DeSmit, certified diabetes educators at St. Vincent Charity. They help with meal planning, making sense of blood glucose numbers, understanding medications, learning the benefits of exercise, managing and preventing complications and living well with diabetes. For more information, call 216-363-2732., Learn more about our Train the Trainer Workshop on our website: , "Making Health Literacy Work for You" a Train-the Trainer Workshop for community health workers and frontline clinical staff will be held from 8:30 am to 4 pm, Friday, Dec. 9 at Trinity Commons. Cost is $20. To register, call 216-363-2726 or email catherine.kopinsky@stvincentcharity.com. This event is open but not limited to: health advocates, peer educators, patient navigators, grassroots outreach workers, promotoras, medical assistants and medical secretaries., Good Monday morning, Facebook Fans! Arrived at the hospital this morning with it all in lights. Always such a pleasant start to the day., Today's Plain Dealer features a story about hospitals and their annual community benefit. Included on page A10 (but not yet available online) is a vignette of one of our patients in prescription assistance program., Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving. Want to give a special note of thanks to all our Caregivers who spend their day caring for patients., We give thanks this week for so many things: our physicians who are so dedicated to the care of their patients and our outstanding nurses who know healing value of a kind word or touch as much as a medicine.  
What are you thankful for?, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is getting ready to light up its campus. Our front lawn will be aglow next weekend!, Pictured left to right are: State Sen. Larry Obhof, Senate President Tom Niehaus, Assistant Majority Whip Cheryl Grossman and State Rep. Barb Sears., Dr. David Perse, President of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, and State Sen. Tom Patton., Special thank you to members of the Republican state leadership who took time out of their day today to visit St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Pictured (left to right) are Dr. Leslie Koblentz, Tom Niehaus, President, Ohio Senate and State Rep. Barb Sears., Today is #WorldDiabetesDay! "Although it is estimated that 60 percent of all type 2 diabetes cases are preventable, about 366 million people live with the disease today." Learn more about the condition known as pre-diabetes: , We had a great time working the phones on Saturday at the 90.3 WCPN ideastream® Be Well event. You can view the health programming and learn more about this community initiative at www.health.ideastream.org., Leslie Andrews and I are working phones at WVIZ Be Well community health event. Call 1-800-473-2525 to get a free packet of health information., If you're in the neighborhood this afternoon, stop by 3600 Franklin Plaza to meet our newest primary care physicians: Dr. Leonor Osorio and Dr. Joy Marshall., St. Vincent Charity will be participating in 90.3 WCPN ideastream® Be Well event on Saturday. , Good Friday morning, Facebook Fans! Today we're gearing up for a big week next week. We'll be opening our MRI at the new Diagnostic Imaging Center at 4400 Rockside Road. We'll provide more details early next week.  We are hosting an open house at 3600 Franklin Plaza from 3-5 p.m. on Wednesday at the offices of Dr. Leonor Osorio and Dr. Joy Marshall. Hope you can stop in to say hello and meet the staff. If you missed our insert in last Sunday's New York Times, you won't want to miss it when it appears in the Nov. 13th edition., Today's job opening of the day: occupational therapist with a behavioral health background. More details are online. http://tbe.taleo.net/NA2/ats/careers/requisition.jsp?org=SISTERSOFCHARITYHEALTH&cws=6&rid=1786, FEMA is conducting a nationwide test of the Emergency Alert System at 2 p.m. next Wednesday, Nov. 9th. Watch the informational video for more information.  , Are you an advanced practitioner seeking a great work environment? @StVincentCMC is hiring NPs and PAs. See openings. http://bit.ly/uep0bF, Happy Halloween from St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. On Friday, we hosted a bunch of neighborhood children for Trick or Treat. Special thanks to our Community Outreach and Pastoral Care departments for their help. And thanks to all who got into the Halloween spirit!, Another busy week on tap here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. We're gearing up for the opening of the Diagnostic Imaging Center at Rockside next Tuesday. MRI opens next Tuesday, CT scan the 15th and x-ray the 22nd. More info to come., Dr. Alan Tambe retired after more than 34 years as cardiologist at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. He was a pioneer in cardiology along with Dr. Henry Zimmerman and Dr. Earle B. Kaye. In the days before every hospital had a cardiac unit, he was responsible for the cutting-edge reputation of the cardiovascular program at St. Vincent Charity. He was always front and center at the weekly cardiology conferences. His contribution to heart health at St. Vincent Charity continues today., Dr. Charles Hurst, also known as "Bud," has been on the Medical Staff for 39 years. Board-certified in general surgery and emergency medicine, he sees many patients in our Solon ER. Known for his warmth and sense of humor, he often comes in on his days off to personally follow up with his patients. He brings his strong faith and compassion to work with him every day., Dr. Indukumar Sonpal is a general surgeon who has been on the Medical Staff for 36 years. In the late '90s, he received training in open gastric bypass surgeries and remains on the staff today of the Center of Bariatric Surgery. Chief of Surgery at St. Vincent Charity, he is known for his calm, cool and focused approach in the OR. He is often assigned new OR students learning general surgery because of his patience and teaching skills. He is a Fellow in the American College of Surgeons., Dr. James Boyle is a gastroenterologist known for his vast knowledge, compassionate approach, sense of humor and unique skills in communicating knowledge to students. He was instrumental in merging the two medical staffs from the former Saint Luke's and St. Vincent Charity. He is also a world-renowned rock-paper-scissors competitor, having been one of only two competitors to go undefeated in international competition in Toronto, Canada., This Saturday night, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center will induct four of its physicians into the Society of St. Luke. Dr. Indu Sonpal, Dr. Charles "Bud" Hurst, Dr. James Boyle and Dr. Alan Tambe will be honored for the distinguished service to patients at the mission of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Congratulations!, Studies show that a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including the home medicine cabinet. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) has scheduled another National Prescription Drug Take Back Day this Saturday, October 29, from 10 am - 2 pm. to provide a venue for persons who want to safely and legally dispose of unwanted and unused prescription drugs. Find a location near you at the link. 
, Cynthia Baur, Ph.D., CDC senior advisor for health literacy, asks: "What can you do today with the National Action Plan to create positive change?"
, Dr. Ted Parran, medical director of Rosary Hall here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, a national addiction expert, will be keynote speaker at the Crossroads daylong: "Community Focus on Opiates Conference." It will be held at the Radisson Hotel in Eastlake. For registration information, call 440-255-1700 or visit www.crossroads-lake.org., Did you know it's Pastoral Care Week? We've got some special activities planned. Complete your advanced directives from 11 a.m. to noon or 4-5 p.m. in the St. Vincent de Paul Room this week., Happy Respiratory Care Week to all our respiratory therapists! You guys are the best!, Happy Friday! Want to give a shout out to our fantastic Stroke Committee. Yesterday, they were presented with the American Heart Association Get With the Guidelines Silver Plus Award for Stroke Care. Special kudos to Dr. Robert Richardson and the entire Stroke Committee!, St. Vincent Charity is proud to be the Downtown Hospital!, null, Sending a warm welcome to Dr. Keyvan Ravakhah. He's board-certified in internal medicine and palliative care and is our new program director of internal medicine residency. Dr. Ravakhah comes to St. Vincent Charity from Huron Hospital., The big magnet at our soon-to-open imaging center on Rockside Road is ready for its close up., Question: How do you move an MRI? Answer: VERY carefully., The new magnet has arrived at 4400 Rockside. We will be opening the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center Diagnostic Imaging Center on November 28th. Stay tuned for more information., Welcome to our newest fans! Kelly Campbell, Melanie Lint, Eric Tata,
April Lister, Steven Tucker, Mike Azzam. Thanks for becoming fans of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center!, This link falls outlines the importance of health literacy and the dangers of obesity. , Look what's growing in Central!, We had a little bit of excitement late this afternoon, but all was well. Big kudos to our Security Team for taking calm charge of the situation. And thanks to CPD for their assistance. , We had a fun opening night reception last night featuring 15 original works by three artists, two of whom were in attendance last night. Lynn C. Miller is from Chagrin Falls and Meta Zobec Novak was in town from Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin. The paintings are on display at St. Vincent Charity for the next three weeks. They are available for purchase. , Tomorrow evening, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and The Consulate General of the Republic of Slovenia will be hosting an opening reception of an Art Exhibition featuring paintings by Gorazd Jordan, Lynn C. Miller and Meta Zobec Novak. The paintings will be on view and for sale in the lobby of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center for about four weeks., Food pyramid-Out
MyPlate-In, Let's hope this isn't the case. St. Vincent Charity Medical Center trains residents in internal medicine, podiatry, dentistry and chaplaincy., null, Our hospital friends in Columbus are seeing overcrowding of psychiatric patients in ERs. Another reason why Northeast Ohio is so fortunate to have Psychiatric Emergency Department, with staff and facilities specially trained to deal with the needs of these patients. , "So how do we help clinicians integrate a strategy that we think will help them and their patients?", Ace gymnastics correspondent @MichaelCanales, also a podiatric surgeon at St. Vincent Charity, continues his coverage of the Tokyo 2011 World Gymnastics along with his, Gold Medalist Dominique Moceanu Nice job!, In Northeast Ohio, we are very fortunate to have one of two Psychiatric Emergency Departments in the state right here at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. Patients in mental crisis are cared for by trained nurses, psychiatrists and mental health technicians. Emergency help is critical to care of those with mental illness. , Welcome to our newest fans: Amy McKinley, Brittany Bryant, Paul FanTech, Stacie Gison, Tuna Kenar, Inga Garrett, Linda Dietrich, Manaila Cosmin, Samantha Latkovic, Alissa Trella, Shannon Smith and Jeff Nomina! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Congratulations to Lori Schnear, RN, in Cardiac Surgical Unit on being named the October 2011 Caregiver of the Month! Her nomination by a coworker reads in part: "She always gives 110% and her patient’s needs always come before her own.  She often has to be reminded to take time for herself, to sit down and get a bite to eat.", null, Want to thank Ohio Department of Mental Health Director Tracy Plouck and ADAMHS Board CEO Bill Denihan for a great visit to St. Vincent Charity yesterday. Dr. Leslie Koblentz, medical director of our Psychiatric Emergency Department talks about the opportunities and challenges facing behavioral health today.

Pictured left to right: Dr. Leslie Koblentz, Chief Nursing Officer Sharon Thomas, ODMH Director Tracy Plouck and ADAMHS Board CEO Bill Denihan., Are you interested in weight loss surgery? Check out our new and improved online webinar! www.stvincentcharity.com/bariatricseminar, On guardian angels..., "Ms. Reyes experienced a potentially fatal drug complication because we were unaware that her metformin and glyburide were being dispensed as a single combination tablet.  Our instructions to Ms. Reyes at her last hospitalization had been impossible to carry out—there was no way for her to both stop her glyburide and continue her metformin." More evidence on the importance of health literacy!, Our own podiatric surgeon and former collegiate gymnast will be video blogging from the 2011 Artistic World Gymnastics Championships in Tokyo! Check it out! , "Drug shortages may be the new normal in U.S. medical care," according to this story on yesterday's Morning Edition program. Today at 2 p.m. NPR's Talk in the Nation program will discuss the issue further. , Grat tip from our friends at Medical Mutual. , See the latest on Innerbelt project. I have to say, coming in from west, it's a piece of cake to take 490 to 77N to East 22nd. You land right at St. V's front door. , Check out CLE in Bing homepage today!, Did you know that Sister Ignatia Gavin, CSA, worked with Alcoholics Anonymous founders, Dr. Bob Smith and Bill W. at Akron's St. Thomas Hospital? As director of admitting, she admitted drunks under the diagnosis of "acute gastritis." When she founded Rosary Hall, it was originally named Rosary Hall Solarium, the initials RHS also for Robert H. Smith., 30 years before Betty Ford opened her first Center, Rosary Hall opened as one of the nation's first hospital-based treatment programs for alcoholism. At 2 p.m. today, Rosary Hall will host an open house in celebration of National Recovery Month. Join us for pastries, goodies and fellowship., The words of St. Vincent de Paul on this feast day that guide our care: “Extend mercy towards others, so that there can be no one in need whom you meet without helping. For what hope is there for us if God should withdraw His mercy from us?”, The words of St. Vincent de Paul on this feast day: "We must try to be stirred by our neighbors’ worries and distress. We must beg God to pour into our hearts sentiments of pity and compassion and to fill them again and again with these dispositions.”, Today is Feast of St. Vincent de Paul, patron saint of our hospital. We will be celebrating today with a special meal for our Caregivers at lunch and Mass at 2 p.m. in Holy Trinity Chapel., Congratulations to Dr. Robert Richardson and our Stroke Committee! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center achieved Get With the Guidelines Stroke Silver Plus Award for second consecutive year! , It's Monday and local media is featuring special reporting on stroke this week. Do you know what a stroke is? It's a heart attack in the brain. Do you know the signs? Act FAST. Does the FACE look uneven? Are your ARMS weak or numb? Does your SPEECH sound strange? It's TIME to call 911! Don't wait!, Welcome to our newest fans: Carmen Massaro, Joe Laurienzo, Freddie Bognar Jr. and Brittany Catalano-Hall! Thanks for becoming fans!, Please see this important announcement about the Ohio Health Literacy Conference: http://www.stvincentcharity.com/news/Press-Releases/Health%20literacy%20conference%20postponed, Are you a caregiver? Check out these tips from American Heart Association. , null, "Nearly 9 out of 10 adults have difficulty using the everyday health information that is routinely available in our health care facilities, retail outlets, media, and communities." - From @CDC National Action Plan to Improve Health Literacy, "Basic health literacy is fundamental to the success of each interaction between health care professionals and patients—every prescription, every treatment, and every recovery." - Dr. Howard K. Koh, Assistant Secretary for Health in summary of @CDC National Action Plan to Improve Health Literacy., Want to learn more about @CDC National Action Plan for Health Literacy? Come hear Dr. Cynthia Baur speak at the Ohio Health Literacy Conference Oct. 12-13. Register online today at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC.
 , "There can be no health care transformation without health literacy."  Dr. Richard Carmona, 17th US Surgeon General and keynote speaker at the Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Space is limited. Register today! www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, null, Ohio Health LIteracy Conference is CME-approved. Other credit will be awarded for social work, nursing, pharmacy and CHES. stvincentcharity.com/OHLC
, 36% of US population has low health literacy. That means these inviduals can't use a graph to determine healthy weight range; use a charge to find the age range for a child's vaccination; read a lable to identify substances that interact with over-the-counter medication. Space is limited. Sign up today for Ohio Health Literacy Conference. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC. #OHLC, How has health care changed over the past years? Check out these big and small ways., Did you know that 1 out of 5 Americans reads below the 5th grade level? Look at Rx info. Do you understand? #OHLC Register for Ohio Health Literacy Conference at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Looking for a tasty lunch? Cleveland's Food Truck movement is hopping with delicious options! , null, Fans-Check out this latest update from the Innerbelt project., Congratulations to our Stroke Committee on an outstanding stroke survey from Joint Commission! Well done!, Welcome, Ian Rumbles, Terri Black and Keisha Leek! Thanks for becoming fans our St. Vincent Charity Facebook page!, Warm welcome to our latest fans: Nora Singleton, Kathy Norman, Jennifer Daunch, Rochelle, Mells, Jennifer Fintz and Toni Johnson! Thanks for becoming fans!, Check out our new promo spot for the Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Special thanks to our media sponsor Time-Warner Cable and props to our great friend and creative partner, Patrick Ryan of Ironprince Films, Inc., Full Ohio Health Literacy Conference agenda now posted online. Space is limited. Register today! #OHLC, CEUs are available for doctors, nurses, pharmacists, social workers at certified health educators at the Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Register today at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, Our own Dr. Joumana Chaiban and Center for Bariatric Surgery patient Terri Black appeared in this segment on WKYC., Tonight on WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland, Gannett will air a special called, "Cutting Edge: Fighting Fat." Then at 11 p.m., Monica Robins (WKYC) interviews a former bariatric patient and our own Dr. Joumana Chaiban, Division Chief of Endrocrinology. Hope you'll tune in., Please considering adding your voice. , Check out the stats on 2011 Community Benefit from OHA., Welcome, Kay Hill, Meghan Pierce and Nancy Oakley. Nice to have you as fans!, Welcome to our newest fans: Theresa Lim, Mhd Motaz Baibars, Melony Rebic, Aaron Pasku, Tina Bell and Austin Grayzanic! Thanks for joining!, Did you know that up to 80 percent of medical info given by healthcare providers is forgotten immediately by patients? Learn better tactics for reaching them by registering today for the Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Register online at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC., null, Thanks to everyone who participated in our "Find the Bus" win an iPad2 sweepstakes! Drumroll please... The winner of the iPad2 is @CherylMcConnell! Congratulations, Cheryl!, Welcome to our latest fans: Ester Reillo, Kaitlyn Toth, Jill Prater and Lana Luna French! Thank you for becoming fans!, null, null, Check out the video from Better Health Greater Cleveland! Register for their free event on September 15th at www.betterhealthcleveland.org, null, Welcome to two of our newest primary care physicians. Dr. Lenor Osorio and Dr. Joy Marshall are accepting new patients at their office. You can reach them by calling 216-363-7733., Welcome to our newest fans: Dan Evans, Cheryl Gazdecki, Jourdan Readance, Neil Dy, Dev Lim and Lizzy Jerse! Thank you for becoming a fan!, Congratulations to Carmen Massaro, IT pharmacist, who was named Caregiver of the Month for August. Carmen helped to lead a huge IT initiative, bedside medication verification and electronic medication administration record. Not to mention he plays a mean piano at our hospital events. Congratulations, Carmen!, Our friends at @BetterHealthGreaterCleveland published a study in the @NewEnglandJournalofMedicine which, "which analyzed data on more than 27,000 adults with diabetes cared for in Better Health practices, found that those whose practices use electronic health records were more likely to meet accepted standards of care and outcomes than those using paper records.", The Campus District is hopping with all the new students. Welcome! , Big welcome to our newest fans who helped us surpass 300! Thanks to Jean Mendis, Trennece Mcclanahan, Christine Corcoran, Rose Farah, Amora Upton, Tanielle Stigall, Julie Patterson, Michael Morgan and Mackenzie Miles!, Hi Mitch Filka! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Dr. Oz says he has no qualms about saying he's an advocate for gastric bypass surgery, which he hopes will grow in the near future as a tool for in helping to fight obesity: "I…think gastric bypass surgery will play a big role. We probably do only 1% of the gastric bypass surgeries we should do." Learn more about St. Vincent Charity's program at www.stvincentcharity.com/bariatric, null, null, Welcome, Brenda Burns! Thank you for becoming a fan. Time is running out for our iPad2 "Find the Bus" sweepstakes. Tell your friends and increase your chances to win. Winner will be announced on Friday!, Welcome, Meryl Closs. You've pushed our fan base up to 190! Please help us to spread the word and increase your chances to win an iPad2 on Friday!, From our friends at American Heart Association., Welcome, Romona Aholt and Mallek Smith-Chisley! Thanks for becoming fans., Last week Chris Albanese from Gov. Kasich's Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives paid St. Vincent Charity Medical Center a visit. Here he is pictured with Laura Bomgardner, Director of Service Excellence., Welcome Cleveland State University new and returning students!, Welcome Cuyahoga Community College new and returning students!, null, The countdown is on. Only 4 more days to enter our iPad2 "Find the Bus" sweepstakes! Enter today...and tell your friends!, It's fall sports season. When injuries happen, our team of orthopedic and podiatric surgeons can help. Learn more about the Spine and Orthopedic Institute on our website. (Pictured: Dr. Lou Keppler, Orthopedic Surgery, Co-Medical Director, the Spine & Orthopedic Institute.), Did you know that St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is certified as Primary Stroke Center by the Joint Commission? Know the signs of stroke and Act FAST: Face: does the face look uneven? Arms: does one arm drift down? Speech: does their speech sound strange? Time: It's time to call 911!, Only 5 more days in our "Find the Bus" promotion. Spread the word to like our page and enter to win iPad2! Winner will be announced on Friday!, Welcome, Joan White Crockett and Cindy Morton Schwarz! Thanks for becoming fans!, Welcome, Grace Chuppa-Matuska! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Our definition of Caregiver: "At St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, our employees are known as Caregivers. No matter their department or function, all of our Caregivers represent our healing mission. Whether they are performing surgery, saying hello, delivering a meal, scheduling an appointment or giving directions, each Caregiver at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center understands that they are an extension of Christ’s healing ministry.", We have only 7 days left in our iPad2 "Find the Bus" sweepstakes! Visit www.stvincentcharity.com/heart to learn more about our wonderful staff! , Happy Friday, everyone! It's been a busy week here at St. Vincent Charity. Sending out a lotta love to our caregivers--all shifts--for their hard work!, Vicki Moell, welcome to our fan page!, null, Welcome, Lynn Palanti! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Welcome, Madison Lepore! Hope you're healing well., Welcome, Maria Mia Rajcic! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Can you help us to reach 300 fans by end of this week? We're only 20 away! Time is running out to enter our iPad2 sweepstakes!, Welcome, Robyn Lepore, Brenda Burns-Jalowiec and Suzi LaSpina! Thanks for becoming fans!, Our hospital family sends out prayers to our President Dr. David Perse on the passing of his brother, Dr. Elmer Perse Jr, a vascular surgeon who died in an accident over the weekend. , Health literacy impacts everyone. That's why St. Vincent Charity and Project: LEARN are hosting the inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference Oct. 11-13 here in Cleveland. Learn more or register at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC, What is health literacy? It's a patient's ability to understand and act on health information; AND it's a provider's ability to communicate so patients CAN act on information to take better care of their health. Learn more about by registering today of the Ohio Health Literacy Conference: www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC. , Welcome, Carmella Davis and Gita Verma! Thanks for becoming fans!, It's Thursday morning and you know what that means...only 8 more days left in our iPad 2 sweepstakes. Become a fan today!, Welcome to all our newest fans! Thanks for pushing us to 275! Thanks to Lisa D'Ambrosio Filka, Janet O'Brien, Nico Conforte, Denise Rini Grecenuk, Ginny Naftanel Filka and Monique Grecenuk Conforte!, Registration is now open for the Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Register online at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC. Don't miss our opportunity to sign up for our Preconference workshop: Plain Language Writing. , Welcome, Chris Vargo Austin! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Have you recently-or ever-sat in an ER and wondered what the heck takes so long to be seen? You won't have to wonder if you visit our Solon ER. We guarantee you'll be seen in 30 minutes. Conveniently located at 33001 Solon Road right across from the police station. Call 440-349-CARE (2273)., It's Wednesday-already!?! Only 9 more days in our "Find the Bus" promotion. Tell your friends to like our page and be entered to win an iPad2. When you get people to enter, it increases your chances to win!, Welcome, Christi Cotton and Suzie Daghstani! Thanks for becoming fans!, OK, friends. There's only 10 days left in our "Find the Bus" win an iPad2 promotion! Please spread the word to your friends. Tell them to like our page, tell us if they've seen our wrapped RTA bus and where and they are entered to win!, OMG! Our St. Vincent Charity administration was swaying from 5.8 earthquake. Feeling a little dizzy. How about you? Did you feel the earthquake?, Congratulations to Anne Messer, patient representative was selected Caregiver of the Month for July., Feeling for our comrades at Huron Hospital. , Response from Sister Judith Ann Karam, CSA, one of the 8 remaining religious exexutives of Catholic health systems in the US: "The Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine will continue to lead and directly be involved as long as possible in partnership with the laity. The Congregation has been gifted with wonderful co-ministers who embrace the mission in carrying forward this ministry and have a commitment to use their g, Welcome, Mary Kay Leeson, Joe Mastroianni and The House of Cuckoos. Thank you for becoming fans!, Welcome, Lisa Wong and LaToy Fowler! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Last night, St. Vincent Charity's Holy Trinity Chapel was a location for a scene in the movie, "I, Alex Cross." The movie, based on James Patterson's novel, "Cross," stars Tyler Perry, Ed Burns, Matthew Fox and Jean Reno. We were pleased to host Director Rob Cohen, actors Tyler Perry and Ed Burns, and a crew of about 100. , Welcome, Tah Robinson, Liv Stefanik and Kim St. John-Stevenson. Thanks for becoming a fan!, Please come join the Center for Bariatric Surgery as we co-sponsor this year's Walk from Obesity on Saturday, September 24th in the Rocky River Reservation of the @ClevelandMetroparks. Online registration is $25. , Join us for the inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Register today at www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC. , Did you know that consumers can compare hospitals on things such as quality of care and patient experience? Visit www.hospitalcompare.hhs.gov.  Here's a glimpse at how St. Vincent Charity compares to Lutheran and MetroHealth. http://bit.ly/nTI2JT, Welcome, Roger Mastroianni and Kathleen Wess Smith! Thank you for becoming fans!, Dr. Lou Keppler, co-director of the Spine & Orthopedic Institute at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center talks backpack safety on WTAM. Listen in. , Welcome Shawn and Sharon Thomas and Chad Bronson! Thanks for becoming fans!, The view of "The Avengers" filming from our friends over at Medical Mutual of Ohio. , OK, folks, we only have 20 more days in our "Find the Bus" promotion. Don't miss out on your opportunity to win an iPad2. And please visit: www.stvincentcharity.com/heart to learn more about what makes St. Vincent Charity Medical Center a special place. , And the winner of the Garmin/Fest promotion is ... Amy Statler!!! Congratulations, Amy! Send an email to wendy.hoke@stvincentcharity.com and let me know where to ship your prize. Thanks for your support!, Welcome, Mary Mihaly and Jessica Hennick! Thanks for becoming a fan!, Welcome to our new caregivers who participated in Caregiver Orientation yesterday., Will Finn, Andy Finn and Kathleen Finn....thank you for putting us over 250 fans!! Our next goal is to hit 275 by week's end!, We're only two away form 250 fans. Help us get there by the end of the day today!, Thanks for the "like" Gary Zielinski!, Did you see us at Rep. Marcia Fudge's Job Fair last week? You can search our open positions on our website under "Opportunities." 
, Welcome, Victoria Albertini! Thanks for liking our page!, Looking for nursing positions? We have a number of openings. View them here: http://bit.ly/r0mroe, Happy Monday, everyone! Want to give a shout out and welcome to our newest fans: Eugene Lepera, Jimmy Barrett, Sue Rothman Dallies, Houssam Mh, Ghayyath Sultan, Amy Statler, Alexis George and Scott Komondor. Thanks for liking our page!, Today is our annual Caregiver Picnic out on the front lawn. What a beautiful day! Enjoy, everyone!, Do you have knee pain? Dr. Matthew Levy, orthopedic surgeon at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, talks about injury and treatment of the meniscus. Learn more at www.stvincentcharity.com/spine., Our First Aid team at the FEST took care of 167 patients yesterday with an assortment of cuts, scrapes, blisters, bruises, sunburn, nose bleeds, dehydration, hypertension and low blood sugar. Special thanks to the team at Wickliffe Fire and Police, especially Chief Powers and Lt. Mateo, for leading a great safety team., Thanks to all who become fans of our Facebook page yesterday! We're keeping our Garmin contest open for a few more days. Did you visit us at The Fest? If so, let us know!, null, We had a great time at the FEST yesterday! Skies opened up just at the end of Mass, but it was another great event. Special thanks to Father Bob Stec and his crew for a truly inspiring day., Knights of Columbus preparing for Mass!, Health tip from First Aid at The Fest... It's a hot one today, folks! Keep drinking plenty of water, wear sun block and find some shade. If you're feeling faint or need to cool down, come visit us at First-Aid. We have ice cold towelettes, fans, sun block and shade!, Meet the St. Vincent Charity Care Team! Proud to be at The Fest providing first-aid care for all! Stop by and say hello!, It's the FEST day today! Stop by the first aid booths (there are two) and say hi to the St. V gang. We've got great giveaways. If you like our page from your smartphone or computer, you'll be entered to win a Garmin! Stay tuned for updates throughout The Fest today!, Welcome new Facebook friends! Dawn Collier, Jonathan Campbell, Dominique Moceanu, Juan Perez and Antoinette Read Zaferopolos! Thanks for liking our page., Welcome to three more Facebook Fans! Rachel Sykora, Katie Wolf and Margaret McCann! Thanks for liking our page!, the FEST countdown continues...only four more days! Remember, we'll be providing First Aid, handing out goodies and giving away a Garmin to those who become fans of our page from their smartphones at the event. Hope to see you there!, Welcome to our newest fans: Maura Reilly, Maura Burke and Marian Cantanese! Thanks for joining our page! Please help us to spread the word!, There's still time to enter the Downtown Cleveland Alliance photo contest. Deadline for submissions in categories of People, Places and Things is 11:59 p.m. August 19th. , Congratulations to our six chaplain residents who successfully completed their training program.  We are thankful for the faithful ministry to patients, families and staff.  It has been a joy to share this year with them and we pray God’s riches blessings on them in their future ministries. They are graduating on August 11., null, Sorry to hear that Browns punter Reggie Hodges is out for season with Achilles tendon injury. Our own Dr. Mike Canales offers some advice to prevent injury: "1) Thorough warm up, which includes elevating the body temperature 2-3 degrees prior to physical activity  2) Use a combo of passive stretching of the calf muscles with isometric stretching such as a static stretch followed by a contraction followed again by a static stretch 3) Eccentric loading of the Achilles tendon as described in the Scandinavian and Canadian literature has shown promise as a preventive measure, but 4) is prompt and precise management of all Achilles tendon pain is paramount. While there's a spirited competition to get our athletes back faster after an injury, the real reward is prevention of the injury.", Registration is now open for the inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference. Register today! , We're counting down to The Fest! Only 6 more days! Like our page and enter to win an iPad2. Friend us at The Fest on Sunday and enter to win a Garmin! , Meet Dr. Srinivas Merugu, a primary care physician: "St. Vincent is the obvious choice for anyone seeking high-quality health care in a respectful, caring environment. It is the hospital with one of the lowest turnover of nurses, indicating a high level of commitment to the mission from frontline providers. The physicians are respected and trusted across the region. It is one of the few institutions in the Greater Cleveland area that still values and nurtures the independent practice of medicine with a true patient-centered focus." Learn more at stvincentcharity.com/heart, Stop by the First Aid booths at the FEST this Sunday, like our FB page on your smartphone, post on our wall that you saw us at The Fest and enter to win a Garmin!, Get your 2011 St. Vincent Charity shopping tote at the FEST on Sunday!, Happy Monday, everyone! It's a mere 7 days until the FEST! Don't forget to pick up your St. Vincent Charity bling. We're running the First Aid booths, but will be working the crowd with giveaways and Tweeting throughout the day., Do you know Marijo? She's our patient representative in the ED, Psych ED, Rosary Hall and Behavioral Health. If you need someone to listen, Marijo is always there. "Once you walk through our doors, you become family and will be treated with all the love and kindness one would expect from family. We hurt with our patients, we laugh with them and we cry with them." Read more about The People of St. Vincent at www.stvincentcharity.com/heart, Our own hospital President Dr. David Perse in his element...the OR., Every hipster will want to be sporting a pair of St. Vincent Charity shades. Come see us at the FEST on August 7th and pick up your pair!, Hey Facebook Fans, we're counting down to the FEST! Only 10 days until the biggest Catholic festival in the diocese. Hope you'll stop by and say hello at the First Aid booths. We have some awesomely cool giveaways this year. Plus, we'll be Tweeting from the event throughout the day., Sharon Kelly is an RN and documentation specialist at St. Vincent Charity. Here's why she chooses SVCMC for her family's care: "I grew up in the suburbs and live in one now. But I choose to work and access my family’s health care at St. Vincent’s. I value the clinical expertise that this hospital offers along with the customer experience. I know I’m not just a number. At St. Vincent’s health care isn’t a business it’s a mission." Read more about our people at www.stvincentcharity.com/heart, Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference announcing its two-day conference agenda--check it out! http://bit.ly/nFIZi1, If you're in the Solon area this weekend, stop by our booth at the Solon Home Days and pick up your blue shopping tote, wellness kit and jar opener., Hey if you're in the Solon neighborhood this weekend, stop by our booth at Solon Home Days and meet our Solon ER staff. We've got some great giveaways. , And another clip. Drive down Central Avenue and you'll see this entrance., St. Vincent Charity featured in the movie, "The Fortune Cookie.", Here's a trivia question: What Hollywood film, starring Jack Lemmon and Walther Matthau was filmed at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center in the 1960s?, Are you struggling with weight loss? Did you happen to catch NPR's story on Morning Edition about one woman's struggle? Weight loss surgery may be an option. Attend a free seminar at 6 p.m. on August 8 at the Westlake Holiday Inn to learn more. Still not sure? Watch Michelle's story., We are 9 fans away from 200. Help us get to 200 by noon. Spread the word to become a fan today and enter to win an iPad2!, Good Friday, Morning Facebook Fans! Hope you're staying cool in this heat and humidity. Check back later for some "cool" tips from our ER docs!, US News & World Report ranks St. Vincent Charity Medical Center #5 in the Cleveland Metro Area. We've been named high-performing in gastroenterology, geriatrics, nephrology, neurology and neurosurgery, orthopedics, pulmonology and urology. , St. Vincent Charity friends! Just a reminder, enter for your chance to win an iPad2. Click the link on the left, sign up and share with friends to earn extra entries! Help us reach our goal of 1,865 fans!, Two of our own, Drs. Aviv Ben-Meir and Joumana Chaiban are featured in the current edition of MD News, discussing bariatric surgery as a safe solution for patients with Type 2 Diabetes. , We love showcasing our RTA bus! Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority, can you help us spread the word about our iPad2 promotion?, Garden Boyz Farmer's Market--today, 11:30 - 2 p.m. at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. First of the season sweet corn, red and green leaf lettuce, fresh beets, zucchini and much more... Support local farming! Spread the news! Wews News Channel (5) Web Cast, Cleveland,OH, cleveland.com, Good morning Facebook friends! So you liked our page and you're entered to win an iPad2-- but remember, share the iPad2 promotion with your Facebook friends and earn an extra entry for every one of your friends who enter. The sooner we get to 1,865 fans, the sooner we'll select our winner. Good luck!, Have you ever had an experience where you left a healthcare provider confused? Intimidated? Or not quite sure what you're suppose to do? How about a family member? Post your experience and we'll share with you steps to take control of your health! #OHLC Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference, Registration for the Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference is now open! Visit www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC to register today! Two full days of national keynote speakers, panel discussion on state-wide initiatives, wide variety of breakout sessions to choose from, and much more!, Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority and CBS Outdoor Cleveland, OH partners, help us spread the word about our Find the Bus sweepstakes. Your fans can enter to win an iPad2!, Have you seen our RTA bus?! I've seen in on the Detroit Superior Bridge and on Bradley Road and Lake Road in Bay Village. Find the Bus, like our page and enter sweepstakes to win an iPad. Click on Sweepstakes under More in the navigation to the left., Tomorrow is the first Joseph's Home Alumni Car Wash event! If you're in the Campus District tomorrow, stop in at 2412 Community College Ave. (next to Tri-C campus) for a $7 car wash and vacuum!, Joseph's Home is celebrating its 11th year of providing a nurturing, caring environment for men in transition with acute medical needs, helping them heal and achieve independence at the Joseph's Home Luncheon today., Support our Garden Boyz with the purchase of local grown produce!, Motaz B., Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, Adriana L., Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, Mwiza G., Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, Houssam M. Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, Got your workout in? Great job! If you have diabetes, make sure you're eating the right food items after a workout. , St. Vincent Charity has received a Silver Award for its bariatric advertising campaign in the 28th Annual Healthcare Advertising Awards. http://bit.ly/iSnmvk, 18 diverse, educational and innovative abstracts have been selected for presentation at the Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference http://t.co/UsdBvrn. Registration opening late June!, Tonight is the annual St. Vincent Charity Caregiver Recognition Dinner on the Goodtime III. Special thanks to all of our Caregivers who continue to dedicate their time and talents in fulfilling our mission!, Local Red Cross launches urgent appeal for blood donors due to critically low blood supplies! Please call 1-800-RED CROSS to find a convenient blood donation location and to schedule a lifesaving blood donation appointment. http://bit.ly/kzTK6o, Healthy eating made easy! Follow this health literate diagram when planning your meals. #OHLC Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference , St. Vincent Charity Medical Center celebrates achieving the 93rd percentile in overall patient satisfaction! Our Caregivers provide care for our patients beyond their illnesses and injuries. See the team behind making our patients' stay as comfortable as home. 
Congratulations to all our Caregivers for an outstanding job well done! www.stvincentcharity.com/heart , St. Vincent Charity's overall patient satisfaction is in 93rd percentile! We strive to care for our patients beyond their illnesses and injuries! Learn more about the team behind making our patients' stay as comfortable as home. www.stvincentcharity.com/heart , Jamal A., Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, Lavanya A., Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, Codruta R., Class of 2011 Resident bids farewell, As our Residents' time with us comes to a close, many reflect on the years they've spent at St. Vincent Charity. We'll be posting comments from our residents over the next few days. Best of luck to all!, We hit 100 fans today! Thanks for all those who support us! Please encourage friends, family and co-workers to like our page as well., We're proud to be providing first-aid services at the FEST this year. See link below for musical line up. Great summer event for friends and family!, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center held its Residents Graduation Ceremony, June 10th. Congratulations to all our residents! We wish you much success-- you will be missed!, Look for sunscreen labeled "broad spectrum" to ensure sun safety this summer, Congratulations, Barney Taxel of Taxel Image Group for being inducted into the AAF Advertising Hall of Fame today at the AAFCLE Advertising Hall of Fame Luncheon! Enjoy a collection of our favorite photos by Barney below., null, Big shout out to Karen Komondor, Director of Education for being nominated for Helping Ohio Hospitals Alfred Dykes Healthcare Worker of the Year! We wish her the best of luck this evening at OHA's Annual Recognition Dinner in Columbus., We thank Ohio House State Representative Marlene Anielski for visiting our Solon Medical Campus, a full-service healthcare facility including a 24-hour Emergency Room. Representing the 17th District, she enjoyed a tour given by Sr. Judith Ann Karam, president and CEO of Sisters of Charity Health System and Elizabeth Hickle, Solon Medical Campus Administrative Director., Not sure how to find St. Vincent Charity with East 22nd Street exit from I-90 closed? Simple. Just exit on Broadway/Orange Avenue. Turn left at third light and you're on East 22nd Street. The hospital will be on your right., Congratulations to our Residents who are graduating this evening! We wish you well and will miss your smiling faces!, Joslin Diabetes Center shares great insight on how to talk to your children about your diabetes. , More wondeful news to share from the Sisters of Charity Health System-- Congratulations, Sr. Mary Patricia Barrett!, Congratulations to our Sisters of Charity Health System CEO, Sr. Judith Ann Karam!, Announcing keynote speakers and panelists for the Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference! Drs. Carmona, Pleasant, Cordero and more! http://bit.ly/m3Jyka, Attention all health literacy advocates! Today is the final day to submit an abstract for presentation at the Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference. National Health Literacy experts presenting include 17th Surgeon General Richard Carmona and Dr. Christina Cordero. Submit now! www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC , Congratulations to our own Karen Komondor, a nominee for OHA's (Helping Ohio Hospitals) Health Care Worker of the Year! Karen has become the region's leading expert in health literacy! Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference, Congratulations to our own Patricia Terstenyak for receiving the Northeast Ohio Affiliate of Susan G. Komen for the Cure® Promise of One Award! http://bit.ly/lizXEZ , Attention Health Literacy Advocates! The deadline to submit an abstract for presentation at the Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference has been EXTENDED to Monday, June 6th! www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC , St. Vincent Charity is proud to provide first-aid services at the FEST this year! Gather family and friends and plan on attending Sunday, August 7, 2011. Sponsored by Sisters of Charity Health System, Today is the final day to submit an abstract for presentation at the Inaugural Ohio Health Literacy Conference!, Caregivers, community leaders, Board Members, Government Officials, Community Leaders, Board Members, Physicians and Caregivers joined together the evening of May 25th to welcome Dr. David Perse to the St. Vincent Charity Medical Center family as president. , Congratulations to Kathy Noles, our Caregiver of the Month! Kathy is a Nurse in our Cardiac Surgical Unit who is valued for her kind and gentle approach to patient care., St. Vincent Charity School of Nursing Boler Family Memorial Garden blessing and dedication ceremony took place Sunday, May 22, 2011 at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center. 

More than 100 Caregivers, School of Nursing Alum, community leaders, friends and family joined together to celebrate the grand opening of the memorial garden.

St. Vincent Charity is delighted to give thanks for a lead gift from the Boler Family Foundation for the School of Nursing Boler Family Memorial Garden. , Please keep the people of Joplin, MO and St John's Health System in your thoughts and prayers as they work through the aftermath of the devastating tornado., St. Vincent Charity congratulates Patricia Terstenyak, Community Outreach Project Coordinator and Co-chair of the Health Literacy Institute, for being awarded the Susan G. Komen Promise of One Award, which recognizes an exceptional volunteer who has made a significant contribution to the fulfillment of the Komen promise, We welcome two new primary care physicians to the St. Vincent Charity family! Drs. Bennett and Bassett are currently welcoming new patients at the HealthCare Center at St. Luke's Pointe. Special interests include: diabetes, heart disease prevention, weight management, pediatrics and women's health. To schedule an appointment, call 216.721.6900., Get together with family and friends and head down to the 2011 Cleveland Asian Festival! Stop by St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's booth for free glucose and foot screenings. Freebies!, The American Association of Diabetes Educators has condensed all the things someone with diabetes needs to do into seven categories. http://bit.ly/kOtE8C 
, Check out our new banner at East 24th and Central Ave! Learn more about "For the Heart Cleveland" at www.stvincentcharity.com/heart. Special thanks to Twist Creative and KSK Visual Ingenuity for design and production., St. Vincent Charity will be on-site at the Cleveland Asian Festival this weekend providing free glucose and foot screenings. Doctors will be available to answer questions regarding diabetes and foot care. Stop by for free giveaways!, Dr. Matthew Levy talks sports injury prevention and treatment, During County Councilwoman Yvonne Conwell's visit earlier this morning, Donna Tizzano, RN and Nurse Manager, gave a tour of the newly renovated 5th floor patient unit and discussed how it allows St. Vincent Caregivers to provide care that is both excellent and compassionate., Ohio Representative Sandra Williams and County Councilwoman Yvonne Conwell are visiting us this morning to learn more about St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., Sign up for Caritas, our community newsletter http://bit.ly/kQZn59, Thank a nurse for National Nurses week! St. Vincent Charity Medical Center is proud to have nurses who deliver compassionate and excellent care each and every day., Sr. Judith Ann Karam, president and CEO of Sisters of Charity Health System, sees the Medical Mart as a meeting ground for healthcare industry leaders, a place to move away silos and bring together a community of service among the nation's medical leaders. http://bit.ly/jncWds, Ohio Health Literacy Conference Call for Abstracts! Submit an abstract for presentation. Submission deadline June 1st. www.stvincentcharity.com/OHLC , Last day to register for the Nursing Career Fair! Reserve your space today and come learn about all the wonderful opportunities available for experienced Registered Nurses. www.stvincentcharity.com/RNfuture , A big welcome and thanks to all those who just joined our fan page. Spread the word and stop back often!, As a professional dancer, Rebecca suffered from severe foot pain that almost ended her dancing career. Today, she's dancing again, thanks to the doctors at the Spine and Orthopedic Institute. Hear her story. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDB7kS3zqsU, For years, Sal suffered from severe back pain that prevented him from playing with his children and doing the things he loved. Today, he's training for his first Olympic triathlon. Hear his story http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn6kdC7ID8g , St. Vincent Charity is growing! We have a high demand for experienced RNs. Register for our May 3rd Nursing Career Fair at www.stvincentcharity.com/RNfuture , Attend our nursing career fair, May 3rd at Terrace Club at Progressive Field. Register today! http://bit.ly/gDbn5M, When you’re living with diabetes, it often takes a team to help you meet your needs. Having such a team in your corner can make a world of difference in keeping on track. Learn the essential questions to ask your care team about managing your diabetes. http://bit.ly/exavLw , St. Vincent Charity is presenting sponsor for the Annual Bloodsuckers blood drive, hosted by the American Blood Association. Save a life and give blood on April 15th from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. at Windows on the River in the West Bank of the Flats., Welcome Dr. Matthew Levy, Orthopedic Surgeon to the St. Vincent Charity family! Providing complete medical and surgical care for the bones and joints, Dr. Levy is currenting seeing patients in Solon and Cleveland. 877.98.SPINE, St. Vincent Charity is a proud sponsor of the Diabetes Association of Greater Cleveland Swim for Diabetes. The Swim for Diabetes draws people together from all over Greater Cleveland in a healthy activity for an important cause. All money raised stays right here in Northeast Ohio to support education programs and free community services. http://bit.ly/hHbpX5 
, Sr. Mary Patricia Barrett will receive Catholic Health Association Lifetime Achievement Award at annual conference in June., Our own podiatric surgeon, Dr. Mike Canales and wife and Olympic gold-medal winner, Dominique Moceanu appear on Can you Relate-- Cleveland's relationship show. http://bit.ly/fRR8y2 , Unit 2A Caregivers enjoyed a recognition lunch to celebrate reaching the 95th percentile in patient satisfaction. Way to go Caregivers!, 5B is a 22-bed unit which admits the adult patient with medical and surgical care needs who may require telemetry monitoring as well as patients undergoing cardiac catherization, cardiovascular diagnostic studies, peripheral vascular patients and patients diagnosed with acute Stroke. The 22-private patient rooms provide a quiet and serene environment for healing. , null, Congratulations to Dr. Daniel Iltchev! Voted Doctor of the Year by the Doctors and Caregivers of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., Today, we celebrate National Doctor's Day! We thank our wonderful medical stars for their gifts of healing and compassion. Check back for photos from today's events., Dr. David Perse named President of St. Vincent Charity Medical Center http://bit.ly/e2XjGS , At Taxel Image Group capturing photos of our Caregivers for our new "For the Heart of Cleveland" campaign. Photos coming soon!, St. Vincent Charity is hosting "Spring into Wellness Caregiver Health Fair" today! More than 300 Caregivers have had access to health and wellness information, screenings and management services., Featured in the Cleveland Plain Dealer, Dr. Joseph Sopko, pulmonologist at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center highlights its Hyperbaric Medicine Center, the only Cleveland-area hospital to accept emergency cases 24/7., Join us for the Grand Opening of Unit 5B, Monday, March 21st, 3 p.m. at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center., St. Vincent Charity is a proud sponsor of the Cleveland International Film Festival!, Dr. Deepak Arora, Division Chief of Women's Health Services, discusses Uterine Fibroid Embolization (UFE) on Can You Relate with Kathy Dawson (20 minutes into video clip). An alternative to Hysterectomy, UFE is a procedure used to treat Uterine Fibroids, a problem that occurs in approximately 20 to 40 percent of women. To schedule a consultation, call 216.431.1500. http://bit.ly/et9kzF, Catholic Health World reports on St. Vincent's impressive work around health literacy. Read on..., St. Vincent Charity wraps up Heart Month with the video debut of St. V's Rocks! Featuring our own Caregivers, this video shows what someone suffering from a heart attack will experience on their journey to recovery., Know the signs and symptoms of Hypoglycemia or Low Blood Sugar http://bit.ly/eVgpHA... provided by the Joslin Diabetes Center, Congratulations to Chef Darryl Jones for being selected as the 2010 Caregiver of the Year!, Show your support for St. Vincent Charity! Spread the word that we got our Facebook page back. Suggest this page to friends and family., St. Vincent Charity is celebrating Heart Month! Friday, February 11th, Dawn, RN will be hosting a talk about chest pain at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center's cafeteria, 9-10 a.m. and 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. Be sure to attend!, null, Located in the heart of downtown Cleveland, St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has been serving Clevelanders since 1865. This video reminds us that our mission is alive and well, and that there is still much to do in this city., St. Vincent Charity Medical Center has a community newsletter-- Caritas. Visit www.stvincentcharity.com and sign up today!, Today, St. Vincent Charity celebrates Go Red for the American Heart Association! Many of our Caregivers are showing their support by wearing red. Also, food services provided a heart-healthy menu for Caregivers, patients and visitors in our cafeteria., We are back! Many of you may have noticed that we lost our St. Vincent Charity page. Please encourage your friends and families to like our page again. Show your support for St. Vincent Charity Medical Center and help us build up our page again.)