List(null, It is this weekend three days only! we will be open 11:00am to midnight on friday and saturday. 11:00am to 10pm on sunday., $1.99 drink and snack specials, This FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY is our Anniversary weekend promo.  We will be also be handing out discount coupon for future purchase too! So come join us., It's our FIRST BIRTHDAY!  We are 1 year old.  We like to thank all of our customers, for we have grown and evolve this past year with the all your love, support and patronage. We will continue to try our best to listen and learn what our customers want.  

Recap of the past year.....

Promos,Events and BOGO offers
Mother's day, Marianne's birthday, Halloween Costume, New Year Countdown, Chinese New year celebration, Valentine instant picture contest ......

New products.
Thai tea, Fried Clams and Calamari, Scallion pancake, Yakitori Chicken Fried Rice bowl, Curry Fish balls, Popcorn Chicken sandwich.......

All of us at ViVi Bubble Tea Quincy sincerely THANK YOU!!! 

Anniversary Promos coming!!!!!!!, Happy Easter!, Are you in love for dessert ?? Celebrate anniversary? First Dates? Secret Crush? Engagement? or just need some loving..., The weather is COLD!!! But we have large selection of HOT drinks to warm the heart and soul.  This Sunday bring your significant others to ViVi for BOGO free drink offer, all you have to do is give him or her a kiss when paying, Free kisses chocolate to compliment., This Sunday come to ViVi for a BOGO free offer.  all you need is bring another person and give him/her a kiss.  Free kisses chocolate to warm the moment., Come to Vivi this week to celebrate the Year of the Monkey!  We are giving out discount and BOGO coupons out with every $10 purchase., Happy Chinese New Year! We will be closed on Monday 02/08/2016., Another satisfied customer enjoying his Hong Kong Egg Puff with Ice Cream!, Happy New Year to All!  We like to thank all of our loyal customers who came to ViVi to countdown with us on new year eve.  We look forward to bringing more innovative drinks and foods in the coming months and wishes everyone a wonderful new year and good health!, Free Food and Free Party Favors and Horns to celebrate the New year countdown at ViVi. So bring your family and friends and have a good time and a good drink.  We will be open till 1:00am!  Why pay for overpriced admission at bars and club when you can come to us and have Bubble Tea instead of champagne!, Come join us for New Year Count down! We will be open till 
1:00 am.  Free Food from 11:30 pm to 12:30 am!  Free Party favors, hats, tiaras, horns...  We will also be passing out BOGO coupons with every purchase.  Come celebrate the New year with Bubble Tea instead of Champagne!, We will be closing early on December 24 at 9:00pm and will reopen on December 25 at 4:00pm 

Merry X'mas to all!, Dress in costume or makeup and get BOGO Drink on Halloween Night!, All Halloween Characters, Come get your tasty drinks and snacks.   Then take a selfie and post it here. You just might win a gift card. Don't forget all halloween costume and makeup customers get Bogo Drinks! let's Spook it up!!!!!, null, Our Fall/Winter hours are

Sun-Thurs 11:00am - 10:00pm
Fri-Sat       11:00am - 12:00am (Midnight), Hi all,

This Friday is our owner Marianne's B-day.  So come by this Friday 09/25 and say "happy birthday Marianne" and you will automatically get 15% off all purchase!!  

See you here!, Finally!
Our Xfinity WiFi is here!!  Come and surf!, Specials, We are handing out 15% off coupons on your next visit with each purchase. Limited time offer and limited quantity, so see you soon!, Thank you for all our customers at the Quincy August Moon festival!, Its hot out so come on in for a bubble tea!, New! Fried Clam strips with Tartar Sauce.
         Tempura Shrimp with Ponzu Sauce.
Come Try!  limited Time only., null, Yes we are open today. Happy July 4th!!, Come Enjoy our 
New Ice Cold Fresh Watermelon Juice...Ahhhhhh..
Just what summer needs., null, null, Its hot out so stay hydrated. Drink bubble tea!, New specials we have right now, One of our happy lil customer enjoying his hk egg puff a la mode., null, Happy Mother's Day❣ 
Bring your mom and get a free drink❣
Today only, Valid only on Sunday, May 10th, What's your favorite drink?, null, Need a quick bite? Check out our menu! YUM, Congrats to all the runner of the Boston Marathon!!, Any questions?, null, We also have macarons from Macaron Cafe NYC and mochi ice cream to help satisfy that sweet tooth! Not all flavors available everyday. Please come in and see what we have for today!, Welcome!, Try some of our snacks with your bubble tea. YUM!, null, null, Drink Menu, null, null, null)