List(A picture from our FAMOUS WEDNESDAY white party!, Splash PLUSH SATURDAY tonight! Come see DJ Dirty Dek spin until 2am! Splash is your swanky destination for a classy night in Boston, so make your reservation now, Call and reserve your table now! Splash is going to be a blast tonight! We have a drink waiting with your name on it!, Are you on the guest list yet? Tonight is Boston's best Wednesday night party. Reserve your table now!, If you haven't visited us at Splash yet, we have one question for you - what are you waiting for?! Splash is Boston's hottest indoor and outdoor venue. It's a swanky ultra lounge inside, with table service, vip room, billiards and more, and the roof deck is stocked with cabanas and lounge chairs. Splash's drink and food menu is extensive and delicious, offering something for anyone and available until 2am!  , Come to Rehab Sundays at Splash! Cabanas, cold drinks and music are waiting for you up on our roof deck!, Plush Saturday at Splash Feat. DJ Dirty Dek tonight! Can't think of a better way to escape the rain, make your reservation now!!, Friday night at Splash tonight! If you haven't checked us out yet come experience Boston's best indoor and outdoor ultra lounge!, Girls night out from 5-10 tonight, then join us for Famous Wednesdays feat. DJ Dirty Dek! Don't miss out!, Wishing a safe and happy 4th of July to all of our fans!! We hope to see you all very soon!, Weather making you stir crazy? From 5-10 come join in on the summer fun & cool off with a splash mohito or blackberry lime martini! Better yet, bring the whole office and organize a free party for up to 250 people through Boston Event Guide 781-444-7771 , Highlights of Famous Wednesdays from Wednesday, June 13th , null, Famous Wednesdays TONIGHT at Splash feat. DJ DIRTY DEK! Come experience Boston's best Wednesday night party!, What a perfect night for some tapas and a martini on the roof deck of Splash Ultra Lounge and Burger Bar!
, Relax with us at Rehab Sundays! Come grab your cabana now!, Plush Saturdays featuring DJ Dirty Dek tonight at Splash Lounge! It's a perfect night for our roof deck and a cocktail!, Join Splash, DJ Dirty Dek, DJ Paul-Rich and Boston's classiest crowd for a World Cup Global Celebration, presented by Famous Wednesdays! Doors open at 10. Valet Parking, 21+, proper dress, Thinking about visiting Splash for the first time? Read more about our location in an article by Daily Candy here: http://www.dailycandy.com/boston/article/74203/Splash-Ultra-Lounge-Burger-Bar-Opens, Join us tonight for dinner and stay for Plush Saturdays at Splash Ultra Lounge and Burger Bar! Splash features an unbeatable burger and sliders selection as well as tapas and delicious drinks! See more about our menu here: http://www.splash150kneeland.com/content/food.html, Meet your friends at Splash tonight after the big game for drinks and sliders!, Take a look at this slide show posted on UrbanDaddy.com for a tour inside (and outside) Splash, Boston's trendiest Ultra Lounge and Burger Bar http://j.mp/bFY82K, Plush Saturdays at Splash Boston tonight! Rooftop and Lounge till 2am.. make your reservations now!, Famous Wednesdays at Splash tonight!, Rough night? Everyone knows the best detox is retox, so come to Rehab Sunday today and kick your hangover to the curb, Plush Saturdays tonight at Splash featuring dj Dirty Dek! Make your reservations now! Another great night for our roofdeck, don't miss out!, Ready to start your memorial day weekend? So are we! Drinks, tapas, burgers and sliders served all night. What are you waiting for? See and be seen at Splash Ultra Lounge and Burger Bar!, What better way is there to cool off than sipping a hpnorita on our roof deck?! Join Ashley and the rest of the girls for a girls night out at Splash!, What a gorgeous day! Join us at Splash after work for a drink and some tapas on our roof deck!, Did you know about Splash's extensive Burgers and Tapas menu? See the complete menu here http://splash-boston.com/content/food.html, null, Our roof deck is now open Sundays. Stop in for one of our signature cocktails or a mimosa in one of our relaxing cabanas!)