List(Does anyone remember the name 
of the song that Queen sings?
Oh, I remember!

WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!, Forgot to mention:
When the Pat's WIN the Super Bowl & 
you picked the exact score.
You can get ANY size,  24oz  or  our Huge Bucket size.
ONE A DAY FOR 365 DAYS!!! 
If you've never had our "famous" iced coffee?
This would be a great time, FREE "awesome" iced coffee &           WE are the Super Bowl Champs, life is GOOD!!

Good luck!
GO PAT's, Today is the day, FINALLY!!

Predictions:
Predict the final/exact score of the Patriots Super Bowl victory 
& WIN one of our famous "iced coffee" for a YEAR !!
Starting tomorrow, Monday February 2nd, till next Feb 1st
Ex: Patriots 45 
       Seattle 24
Just predict the EXACT score & you WIN.
Only 1 entry per person.
Send in your prediction via "comment" so we have your name.
We will give 2 winners if they have the same exact score.
Ex: IF Bobby Moore & Danny Conroy are the FIRST 2 to predict 
the same exact score, they Win!
So get on the Page ASAP in case of that happening...
If you haven't "LIKED US" yet, do so & start predicting, 
it's that simple!! No purchase necessary!

Good luck!!
Team Sidewalk

P.S. If you predict a Seattle victory score, it will go 
into the "paper shredder" immediately & you should go 
see a doctor because you are Delusional !!

GO PAT'S!!, Notice:
Sidewalk Cafe is currently NOT delivering, indefinitely!
Both of our "delivery drivers" have had car accidents during this
wonderful weather we are experiencing & we can't find any 
new drivers to fill in at this time. We might have to invest in a snowmobile if this weather continues, seriously! It is nearly impossible to get around with all the 2 way streets becoming 1 way with snow banks on both sides & no where to park to deliver food. Forecast is for more lovely weather starting after the Patriots kick Seattle's ass tomorrow night, & THEY WILL !! So when we wake up to more snow Monday morning it won't be as tough to look at because of the feeling we'll have from our beloved Pat's!
We are hoping to be back delivering in about a week or so or sooner if possible. We are also going to be delivering starting at 
12pm till closing (9:30) 7 days, very soon!
Please stay tuned & check our Facebook page for updates on delivery times & other Sidewalk happenings...
Sorry for the inconvenience.

GO PATS!, FREE Pizza tonight for Pat"s game. Starts @ 5pm till 9pm
Buy 1 Pizza get 1 "FREE"   pick up or delivery!
We also have "Fresh Chicken Tenders"
( Buffalo, sweet chili, teriyaki & plain )

ALSO: If Pats Win tonight's game against the Colts
& Brady throws for at least 2 touchdowns
We are giving away FREE "breakfast sandwiches" Again!
Buy 1 get 1 FREE
Just mention CODE: Super Bowl

GO PATS!!!!, NOTICE: IF the Pat's WIN the Super Bowl?
Sidewalk is giving away FREE food the following day, Monday.
Starting @ 11:30 a.m. on Monday, the day after WE win.
Pick any FOOD item, NO DRINKS, on our menu & its FREE!
From 11:30 a.m. till 9:30p.m. (closing).
You MUST be PRESENT to get your FREE food.
NO phone orders or deliveries!
Just show up, order one FOOD item, & its FREE.
Some of our items: Steak Tip Dinner, Large Pizza (2 topping max), Panini's
Calzones, N.Y style Deli Sandwiches ( cooked "in House") & much much more!

GO PAT'S!!, Great "turn out" today for the 2 for 1 
"Breakfast Sandwiches"
Thank Tom Terrific & the rest of the Pats!
I noticed a ton of new "likes" - Thanks!
Plenty more "Giveaways" to come
Just keep checking our Facebook page or website.
Remember, we are more than just "breakfast sandwiches"
& "iced coffees" Best Pizza in South Boston, FACT!!
And much much more!!

Thanks again, from all of us @ Sidewalk!

GO PATS!!, It will be busy today but don't be discouraged
about waiting in line in the cold.
We have an  "enclosed awning" with heating lamps!
Plus we'll get you in & out quickly!!
We have a great crew of girls taking 
your orders & cooks getting your 
breakfast sandwiches in your belly to help with
that Hangover  you might have from watching 
The Pats nail biter last night!!

GO PATS !!!!, DON'T FORGET !!
From 7am - 1pm  TODAY ONLY!
Buy 1 "Breakfast Sandwich" & get 1 FREE !!!
You can thank Tom Brady, if you see him?

GO PATS !!, Follow us on Twitter
@sidewalksouthie, Football Weekend: 
Starts today & ends Monday night after Oregon 
& Ohio State play for the National Title!
Prediction: Oregon Blow Out!

2 one topping Pizzas & our NEW fresh Chicken Tender appetizers(4) $19.99
Pick up or Delivery!
Starts @ 12pm
Delivery starts @ 5pm
...
If you haven't tried our Pizza or our "NEW" Chicken Tenders yet?
We know you will LOVE em both!
Tenders: Buffalo, Sweet Chili, Teriyaki or plain.
We are NOT just "Breakfast Sandwiches" & "Iced Coffees"
Also: We have a Heated enclosed awning & IF there is a line?
We get you in & out!

GO PATS! 
Prediction: Pats 34 - Baltimore 16, null, null, Worried about it getting too cold to get your coffee fix? Check out our new enclosure awning!, Make sure to check us out on twitter, too! @SidewalkCafeBos)