List(Got to squeeze two days of brunch into one because of Easter closing.  So visit us Saturday!, Time to make your weekend plans for brunch!  We're open Saturday only, closed Easter Sunday.   Try our Fraiche Toast, We're back on the stick! The place for Sunday Brunch is here with your favorites 9 to 3., We're proud to be hosting a selection of Madeline Fine's unique abstract tree photos!  Come in and see them up close, We're proud to be hosting a selection of Madeline Fine's unique abstract tree photos!  Come in and see them up close, We're proud to be hosting a selection of Madeline Fine's unique abstract tree photos!  Come in and see them up close, In the mood for a hearty chicken soup today?  Come visit for a soup and sandwich combo!, Cold day, hot soup!  We're serving Corn and Cod chowder today.  Stop in or order some to go., New post (Is it soup yet??) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, It'll be a beautiful mild weekend, perfect for brunch.  Enjoy your favorite breakfast or experience a brand new one!, Our special chicken vegetable soup will be ready very shortly.  Have a grilled cheese sandwich on the side!, Valentines Day drawing for a FREE box of Harbor Sweets chocolates.  Don't let the cold scare you away., We're not afraid of the cold, it is toasty in here!
Join us for brunch Sat and Sun 9-3 including V day sweets, We're not afraid of the cold, neither should you., We're closed Tuesday for corporate catering.  We will reopen Wed with full service, Oops, here is the correct image for our cream of spinach soup., We're ready with today's Cream of Spinach soup.  One bowl will give you the energy to get through this bitter day., Want one of these?  You'll have to come to brunch tomorrow and/or Sunday 9-3? Forget the rain, it'll be mild!, It's Day 2 of our Beef Stew special!  It's the best beef stew in the entire world, in our opinion., Don't stew around deciding on your lunch, come have some of our special beef stew.  We're open until 3., Proudly displaying watercolorist Judy Mason thru Feb. Open breakfast and lunch 8 to 3.  Potato Leek soup today!, Our pre-snow special today is  Potato Leek soup, just the remedy for this cold day! It will sell out quickly!, New ongoing special:  Free coffee with purchase of our Egg Sandwich. 
We serve Premium Lavazza Coffee!, New ongoing special:  Free coffee with purchase of our Egg Sandwich. 
We serve Premium, New post (Want to get healthy in one day?) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Like soup???) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, We're back!  We're open for brunch 9 to 3!, A penny saved is a penny earned...but if you want to save more than a penny, check out our great offer., Want a great omelette?  Make your own or try one of our suggested combos.  Come for brunch Sat and Sun 9 to 3., New post (Closed Thursday December 17) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Another beautiful day and Christmas is coming...) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Two things to make your weekend:  The warm weather and brunch at Brick Wall Kitchen.  Saturday and Sunday 9 to 3., Hmm, I was going to make the same post as Nov 27, so I won't repeat myself.   Except come to brunch Sat and Sun 9-3, Kick out the gloom, we've got sunshine. Beef Stew, hot chocolate, hot sandwiches, salads and more are on the menu., New post (Cold and rainy, we've got the answer) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (It's beef stew time!) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, We are reopening Saturday with brunch from 9 to 3, featuring our crabcakes, omelettes and more.  Come join us!, New post (Updating) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Thursday's a 2 for 1 special : Lentil Vegetable soup AND the debut of our Bacon Mac & Cheese!  Come & try., New post (Fall comfort food time) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (A cure for this nasty raw weather...) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Thursday special: Cream of Mushroom Soup - house made!, New post (Toasty Today, a great day for specials) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (A Break In the Action) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Halloween festivities) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Catering) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Menu today and Halloween) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Delicious treats come and try some..., New post (Soups (check with us for daily availability)) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Dinner tonight. Sat10/24 http://ow.ly/TK4id, Make a reservation for dinner this Sat10/24 http://ow.ly/TK4id, New post (Nancy Thompson, artist) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, @nicastrod Thank you for all your help.  You' ve opened lots of new doors for us., New post () has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Join us for dinner this weekend. http://ow.ly/TK4c4, New post (The weekend is almost upon us...) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Fall is the best time of year if you eat) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Prix Fixe Dinner Menu tonight reserve 617-879-9090 http://ow.ly/Tpsgn, Prix Fixe Dinner Menu for Oct 17 call to reserve 617-879-9090 http://ow.ly/Tpsgn, New post (Some of our new menu items) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Prix Fixe Dinner Menu for Oct 17 join us http://ow.ly/Tpsgn, New post (The Cold is a-comin and our next Saturday night dinner menu.) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Saturday night dinner is back. View the menu and make your reservation today!, New post (It's Friday!) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Cleaning out the cobwebs of my mind...) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (With the cooler weather comes.....) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (IT'S OKTOBERFEST TIME!) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Packing up lunch for our neighbors!, Make your reservation by 6PM tonight for tomorrow's Bistro Dinner!, New post (Due to popular demand....) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Next Up, Saturday September 26 menu) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, You won't want to miss this Saturday's menu! Call or email BWK today to make your reservation, New post (Saturday Night's all right for....) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Here's the menu for this week's Saturday night dinner) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (It's falafel time again!) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Make your reservation today! http://conta.cc/1isuWH2, New post (Weekend Snafu) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Exuberant Art by Amantha Tsaros,) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (We're full-a falafel) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Bistro Dinner this Saturday night!) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Reserve your spot at Saturday's dinner! http://conta.cc/1UErxRb, New post (Special Today) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (What's going on here is....) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Saturday and Sunday brunch) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Lobster Roll day and next Bistro dinner notice) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Lobster Roll special Thursday and Friday) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (It's almost fall (not yet!)) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (New:  Flatbread Scramble) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Flatbread Scramble) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Rachel Sandwich) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Ever wonder how BWK came to be? http://conta.cc/1HWbhnh, New post (The Dog Days of August) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Thanks, Brookline TAB and Jenna Fisher...) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, http://brookline.wickedlocal.com/article/20150812/NEWS/150818780, New post (It's Lobster Roll day) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (meet Bredt Handy, our newest Brick Wall Artist) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Overcome Espresso Confusion... http://conta.cc/1eOs6cA, New post (TGIF) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (Ditto) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (ABC) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, New post (This month's Brick Wall artist) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Tomorrow is Friday, treat
yourself to a delicious meal and save some money while doing it!, New post (Today's Special:) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, null, New post (Try our newest sandwich...) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Warning! If you share this, your friends will Like you more, maybe they will even treat you!, New post (Starting to Blog) has been published on Brick Wall Kitchen, Test Post, Please Ignore, Today we have our lobster roll special, with cole slaw and potato chips!  As for me, whenever I see a lobster roll on a menu I have to have it!  It's available from 11 am to 6 pm.  Limited quantities!, Have you and your
co-workers made lunch plans today? Claim this coupon and eat the best meal
you’ll have all week!, Hey, to all of you that have been asking, our new website is up, www.brickwallkitchen.com!  We've got our menu posted, directions to our location, and supposedly this Facebook post will be copied to the News tab.  It still needs some tweaking and that will be taken care of very shortly.

We're planning another lobster roll special for later this week, stay tuned.  And this Saturday night's dinner will be very special, details will be posted tomorrow.

We hope to see your comments, questions and visit.

Frank and William, Join us for dinner on Saturday! Here's our special menu:

Soup or Salad:
Summer salad with chickpeas and roast tomatoes
or
Gazpacho 

Main course: 
Choice of
Cornish game hen with thyme & apple and side of asparagus
Broiled cod with Spanish rice & red bean salad
Linguine tossed with arugula, roasted red pepper and grilled artichoke hearts 
Lamb burger with house-made BBQ sauce, caramelized onion & cheddar cheese on a toasted sourdough bun with fingerling fries

Dessert:
Grilled peaches with honey and cinnamon on pound cake

$30/person
6-8pm
Reservations suggested - call 617-879-9090
BYOB!, Just finishing up making the lobster and cole slaw and it's a beautiful thing!  The lobster is held by a freshly baked Brioche, the perfect roll for lobster lovers.  The cole slaw is house made as well.
Check out this photo., Join us Thursday or Friday evening to try our special lobster rolls! You'll be so glad you enjoyed our version of this summer classic!, Warning! If you share this, your friends will Like you more., We're back!!
We're refreshed, renewed and ready to serve.
Our menu is here, check it out!, We are going to be closed for vacation starting Monday June 29 and will open back up on Tuesday July 7.  Happy 4th of July to all!, Here is our menu for our next dinner on 6/27!

Soup or Salad:
Corn, tomato and chickpea salad with caramelized onion
or 
Gazpacho

Main Course:
Roast Cornish Game Hen with seasonal vegetables
Broiled Cod with Spanish rice and red bean salad
Lemon peppercorn pork loin with sautéed arugula and caramelized onion
Bell pepper stuffed with quinoa on a bed of kale

Dessert:
Grilled peaches with honey and cinnamon on pound cake, The menus:, Here are our current breakfast and lunch menus.  
Tonight we are open until 6 pm and are featuring a grilled salmon filet served with vegetables and jasmine rice.  Don't forget the smoothies and espressos., ...And our braised beef with homemade barbecue sauce and potato-and-egg salad benefitted from our sous-chef Selam's special Eritrean chili powder!, ...Though we also got raves for our Cornish game hen with asparagus & shallots..., Our lemon-rosemary shrimp skewer on a bed of orzo with creamy tomato garlic sauce and arugula was by far the most popular dish at our Saturday night dinner!, The GPNA open house was a great success as we had a chance to meet many new people.  We're definitely fortunate to be part of this great neighborhood.

We're open tonight serving our, we are told, famous crab cakes.  

Hope to see you this weekend at brunch, both Saturday and Sunday., Good morning,  

We're cooking away in preparation for the Greater Point open house tomorrow night, where we will be serving sample size portions of many of our favorite menu items.  We hope that you come and enjoy!

We're also preparing for our gourmet dinner for this coming Saturday.  We think this dinner will be our finest to date, having had some experience with what people enjoy.

Our website is still in development.  The developer is actually waiting for my copy so I'd better hop on it., Lastly, we are pleased to publish our menu for our June 20 bistro dinner.  We hope to see you here.  Attached is our menu with instructions on how to make a reservation.  You can also respond on Facebook, Don't forget that we are open until 6 tonight for late lunch or early dinner.  Our specialty tonight is Chicken and Vegetable Curry, nice and robust.
Our Saturday and Sunday brunches continue this weekend.  Our french toast is becoming a real favorite.  Try our crab cakes as well., On Tuesday June 16, three real estate industry professionals are presenting a Dinner and Learn session on strategies to make your  home purchase or sale an effective experience.  Join us at 5 pm for the seminar and dinner!  Please reserve at solimini@eventbrite.com, Today and tomorrow we are open until 6 pm for a late lunch or dinner, available as take out or you may eat here.
Our dinner special tonight is one of Chef William's specialties Chicken and Vegetable Curry, including cauliflower, chickpeas, carrots, corn, and sweet peas. 

Tomorrow we'll be publishing our menu for our June 20 Saturday night bistro dinner.  Stay tuned!  Reservations are recommended as we have a small capacity.  Just call 617-879-9090 or post here to make your reservation., Come in tomorrow to try our special Cornish game hen soup with parsnips and fresh herbs!, Oops, forgot the menu, Looks like I clicked send before I finished....  We will be resuming our bistro dinners on June 20.  The menu should be posted here by this Thursday.
Last, but not least, we now have smoothies!  Current flavors are blueberry/banana, strawberry, mango and banana.  We use a product called 100% Crushed, made from pureed fruit and fruit juice concentrates.  We add yogurt and fresh banana on request. Anyone who mentions this facebook post gets 1/2 off on a smoothie.
More news as it develops., Hello Everyone!

It's Monday and here are some updates:

Our menu is posted;  and we have chicken salad today!  It has been so popular that we have been running out. 
Our muffin order was screwed up today but not if you like orange-cranberry, coffee cake, lemon and chocolate chip muffins.  But the blueberry will have to wait until tomorrow.  We have loads of apple turnovers and croissants!
For those who are asking, our website is still in development and shouldn't be more than a couple of weeks away.  That's tentative, of course.
Because of a private event this coming Saturday night, our new bistro dinner will not be offered this week, Here's our menu for our second bistro dinner! Running from 6-9pm tonight, we'll also feature for dessert a vanilla gelato with cherry-rum sauce and ginger snaps!, Announcing our new menu for next Saturday's special bistro dinner!

1st Course:
Chilled cucumber-mint soup
or
Greek olive salad with goat cheese and oregano

2nd Course:
Roast Cornish game hen with vegetable side (TBD)
Roast pork with parsnips and carrots in an apple cider glaze
Grilled salmon on rice pilaf with lemon sauce
Gnocchi with spinach, leeks and garlic in mushroom gravy

Dessert: TBD, May we present this week's menu?  Today's special is a warming chicken soup, freshly made, $6.00 with our wonderful foccacia., Our awesome, fluffy falafel with grilled eggplant and tomato-cucumber salad, served Saturday at our first dinner service!, Next Saturday our bistro dinner menu will include roast pork with carrots and parsnips in an apple cider glaze. We just ran it through a test kitchen and it was spectacular! 

Call or email us to guarantee a seat!, For our first dinner, our most popular dish seemed to be these crabcakes with cucumber, avocado and wasabi mayo, served on a bed of seaweed salad and a side of edamame and pickled ginger salad. Probably one of our proudest culinary moments so far!

Stay tuned for news of our upcoming Saturday dinners!, Tonight we begin our very first dinner service at 6pm! Check out our set menu in previous posts - it's truly incredible!, An appetizing look at the lamb burger with fingerling fries we'll be serving Saturday night!, Updated menu for Saturday's $30 dinner!

Choice of: Parsnip & Celeriac Soup
or Corn, Black Bean and Tomato Salad. 

Entrees:
Roast Cornish Game Hen with Grilled Asparagus & Shallots
Kebab Spiced Lamb Burger with Fingerling Fries
Crabcakes topped with Cucumber, Avocado & Wasabi Aioli w/ Edamame Salad
House Falafel with Grilled Eggplant w/ Cucumber & Tomato Salad and hummus

Dessert: choice of plain or chocolate cheesecake with your choice of blueberry, raspberry or strawberry compote or Fleur du Sel caramel sauce., Today's menu is up, If you would like to be notified of special events, promotions or subscribe to our periodic newsletter, just text BWK to 22828, Great news! Brick Wall Kitchen will be doing our first dinner service next Sat., May 30, from 6-9pm! 

Our menu:

First Course: soup or salad

Main Courses: 
- Roast Cornish Game Hen with vegetable du jour 
- Lamb Burger with Fingerling Fries
- Crab Cakes topped with Avocado, Cucumber and Wasabi Mayo, with Edamame Salad
- House Falafel with Grilled Eggplant and Cucumber/Tomato Salad

Selection of Desserts, Coffee and Espresso

Price is $30 per person; reservations suggested but not required. 

Call 617-879-9090 for reservations or queries. 

Also: BYOB!, Our special this weekend is crabcakes on an English muffin, with fresh tomato, egg, and a light cream-and-corn sauce for a New Englandy flavor. They taste as spectacular as they look!, To all those who have asked about our website, it is under development and will be up, hopefully, in a couple of weeks.
Thank you for your interest., Our special this weekend: "Fraiche Toast." French toast stuffed with creme fraiche, strawberries and tarragon, it's a fresh, sweet taste of spring!, This weekend our brunch will feature an exciting new special: Stuffed Challah French Toast with creme fraiche, strawberries and tarragon!, Check out our refreshing Asian Salad for a healthy lunch option! Shiitake mushrooms, red bell pepper, scallions, crispy noodles and sesame-ginger vinaigrette combine atop a bed of baby spinach. A fresh, crunchy lunch you can feel good about!, We're open for brunch this weekend from 9-2. Try our veggie omelet for a healthy, satisfying option!, Waffle 4 Ways - a creative solution if you're indecisive about toppings!, We are serving a special addition to brunch this weekend - Johnny Cakes!This classic cornmeal pancake comes topped with apple compote, toasted walnuts and honey, with a side of maple sausage, turkey sausage or bacon., Come by today or tomorrow for brunch - we're serving till 2pm both days. Come on, you know you want a good hearty breakfast!, Come by today or tomorrow for brunch - we're serving till 2pm both days. Come on, you know you want a good hearty breakfast!, This Sunday we're having a Grand Opening party from 4-6pm with free cappuccinos, espressos, lattes and cake! Join us!, Finally we have some signage, courtesy of Ryan at oxmedia.co. We're looking to his expertise to help us promote our business in the future., We're open till 2 today for brunch, and we've got a new waffle iron we're rather proud of! Come enjoy your Sunday with us!, We're open for brunch today from 9-2. Come try our buttermilk pancakes or our other classic breakfast dishes, or one of our delicious sandwiches!, We are open 7-3 today, ready to make this dreary day better with some stellar sandwiches and classic, hearty breakfast selections!, We'd call this picture of our friend Chris a ringing endorsement of our Asian-Style Pork Loin sandwich!, Check out our new breakfast menu! Tempting, right? Come try it today between 9-2!, A sample of our wares: marinated portobello mushroom with mozzarella, tomato, red onion, basil and mayo. Accompanied by a San Pellegrino Blood Orange soda. Very Italian., null, Presenting: OUR MENU!, You can now follow us on Twitter at @brickwall2015!, We are currently displaying works by Rena Shear, which you can see more of at www.RenaShear.com. If you are a local artist and think your work could be a good fit for our space, contact us!, null, null)