List(Storm ?? What storm ?? We're open, and serving Boston's best burger til 9 PM., Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all ! We're off today but will be back at it tomorrow and hope to see you during the holiday season.  As nice as it is outside, burgers should not be in your plans today. And they're not in ours !, Retro wants to wish everybody a very Happy Thanksgiving ! We are closed today but will be open tomorrow in time for lunch, or dinner. But today belongs to family......and turkey., It Looks like Fall, It Feels like Fall, Therefore It MUST be Fall ! And that means it's time for Pumpkin Ice Cream..... Fresh from Richardson's !, Join us today and celebrate Fall with our newest flavor from Richardson's.......Apple Crisp !, Retro Burger wants to wish all a Happy Labor Day.In honor of all the working men and women in this country, we will be closed today. We Will reopen on Tuesday at 11:30. Thanks, Retro Burger wants to wish all a Happy and Safe Fourth of July ! In honor of this great holiday that celebrates the best Nation on Earth, we will be closed today and tomorrow. We Will reopen on Monday, July 6th. Thanks !, Retro Burger Salutes all the Veterans who have served this wonderful Country, and remembers those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Happy Memorial Day to us all ! We're Open today and here til 8:30 for your Burger and Ice Cream enjoyment., Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful, caring and loving mothers out there. Bring your kids in to Retro Burger today and have a soft serve ice cream on us !!, Burgers, Dogs, Frappes and 15 flavors of Richardson's Ice Cream........oh yea, summers's here baby ! Open Seven Days a Week for your Ice Cream Enjoyment !!, Hear ye, Hear ye......Retro Burger's Spring Hours are here, and we are now open every day at 11:30 am. Effective Monday, Patriot's Day and thru out the Spring and Summer. Join us for lunch tomorrow.....we have a great vantage point to take in the Arlington Patriots Day Parade !, In Honor of the Patriots Super Bowl appearance, Retro Burger will be closing early tonight. Please have your orders in by 6 Pm so that our fantastic staff can enjoy the game and celebrate this unofficial National Holiday !!!, HAPPY BIG 8 0 KING !!  You were the first, and still the best .As John Lennon said, Before Elvis there was nothing., Due to a sudden loss in the family, Retro Burger will be closing early tonight, Saturday January 3rd. We will remain open til 7 pm for both sit down and take out as opposed to our normal time of 9 pm. Retro will be closed until Wednesday, January 7th, when we will reopen at 11:30 am.
We will then resume our normal hours. Thank you for your understanding., Retro Burger will be closing at 6 pm today, New Year's Eve. We will also be closed on New Year's Day. We will re open at 11 am on Friday, January 2, 2015. Our staff wishes you a Happy New Year !, null, Retro Burger is experimenting with a "BYOB" policy on weekends through out December, beginning tonight. Beer & Wine only please.
We're open til 9 PM., Another Fall Flavor has arrived from Richardsons  just in time for Halloween........Apple Crisp, available beginning today !, Hear Ye, Hear ye.......Retro Burger will be open for Columbus Day. We open at 11:30. See you tomorrow !, Well, It's looking a lot like Fall this week, so it was only a matter of time before Retro had to introduce a new Fall flavor........PUMPKIN !
Just arrived from Richardson's and tastin great., Retro Burger will be closed Monday, September 1st to celebrate Labor Day.  We will reopen Tuesday, September 2 at 11:30 am. Have a happy holiday and please stay away from what ever work you do !, Retro will be closed friday and saturday, July 4th and 5th to celebrate the Nation's Birthday. We will reopen Sunday the 6th at 11:30 am. Have a happy and safe holiday all !, Today Retro Burger officially begins our summer hours, how appropriate on this day 80 degree day ! We are open seven days a week, serving our full menu til 8:30 pm, with Ice Cream til 9. Even later on weekends too. Enjoy !, WE ARE OPEN, AS USUAL, AND SERVING HOT, FRESH, HAND PRESSED BURGERS TIL 8 PM...........AND ICE CREAM TOO !, RETRO BURGER REMEMBERS ALL THE BRAVE MEN AND WOMEN WHO HAVE SERVED OUR GREAT COUNTRY OVER THE YEARS, and have made the ultimate sacrifice. You made us what we are today...FREE., You Can catch a segment on Retro Burger, Saturday at 11:30 am on TV38's " Phantom Gourmet ", or so I am told...., Retro Burger is now Open SEVEN days a week ! We open every day at 11:30 am. Visit our website for up to date info and changes. Happy Spring !, Retro Burger will be Closed for Easter Sunday, April 20th. We Will reopen at 11:30 am on Monday, Patriots day, April 21st @ 11:30 am., Now's Your chance to be a TV star ! Rumor has it that Retro Burger  will be filming a spot for the Phantom Gourmet this Tuesday, March  4th during lunch. Join us and be the next DiCaprio or Kate Winslet between the hours of 1130 - 130., Retro Burger will be closed for school vacation today, Tuesday thru Thursday, February 20th. We will reopen on Friday, February 21st at 11:30 am. Thanks for understanding., Retro Burger is open six days a week thru February, and is now dark on Mondays. Check our web site for updates, thanks !, Retro Burger wants to wish the Patriots Good Luck in The AFC Championship Game today. They've done it before, we know they  can do it again. Good Luck Tom & Company !, In the event you missed it the first time it ran back in November, and wanted to catch it this time around.......Chronicle is again airing a segment on new local restaurants. Retro Burger was fortunate enough to be included, and we're thrilled that the piece will be shown again tomorrow on WCVB, Channel 5,  at 7:30., Retro Burger will be Closed Today, Christmas Eve Day and will not reopen until Friday, December 27th at 11:30 am. Have a great  Holiday Every One !, Retro Burger will be Closed for Thanksgiving and Black Friday. We will resume on Saturday with our normal hours. Have a great Turkey Day Everybody !, Make Sure to check out, or DVR, Chronicle tonight at 7:30 pm. Rumor has it that the one and only Retro Burger & Ice Cream will be mentioned with a piece on new, local restaurants in the area - or so I am told. They air on Boston Local Channel 5, WCVB. Today Arlington..........tomorrow, the world !, We've reached a milestone ! 100 days in Arlington and going strong. Thanks to all the new friends and customers who have visited Retro Burger in the past 3+ months and we hope to see you again, and again, and again.......And thanks to our friends who have supported us in our hometown, we're so happy to see you more than we did., null, Two weeks under belts in beautiful Arlington and it's even better than we imagined. Our friends have all come out in full force to show their support and Dee and I are enormously grateful. To our new friends and customers, thanks for stopping in and if by chance you visited us on an off night, our apologies. We're still in the process of ironing out the kinks, but we're tryin hard. Our " To Go " menu will be available by mid week and our website will be updated sometime this week also. Thanks for your patience, hope to see you soon !, Ok it's official, Retro Burger opens to the public tomorrow Saturday July 20th at 11 am., Well it took us a little longer than we would have liked, but Retro Burger is on the eve of opening at our new location. Stayed tuned for the official announcement., What a long, strange trip it's been............But it's taking us to Arlington ! Retro Burger is in the process of moving to Arlington and should be up and running in a few weeks. Stay posted for further updates and enjoy your summer. Til then......., Hello Friends, Family and Countrymen ! Looks like we're looking for new digs, perhaps even off Cape. After 3 seasons at 44 Rt. 28 the place  just wasn't cutting it the way we at Retro Burger would have liked. A tough decision was made to look for new digs that could accommodate more than 30 inside seats and allow us to expand. And that's exactly where we are today. Stay Tuned and we'll fill you in., Happy New Year to all of Retro Burger's friends. Only 10 weeks  and we'll back at it for another season. See you Mid March !, Well Folks, it had to arrive sooner or later.....but's once again it's here, the official end of our  third season. Thanks to everybody who visited Retro Burger during the last year, and I hope to see you all again in 2013. Have a great end of 2012 and stay safe., It May feel like summer is coming to an end but we still have a lot of great weather ahead  ! C'mon in and grab a chili dog, fries and a frappe before it's Fall., null)