List(Did everyone get a chance to see the amazing performance of this team at the Hult Prize? Please do read the article!, Congratulations, CBA alum Sherry Neubert, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., for being one of three finalists for CIO of the Year! To attend the April 14, 2016 event, follow the link:
http://www.crainscleveland.com/event/crains/3261577/crains-cio-of-the-year, This March 29 afternoon free mini-conference and workshop is shaping up nicely. UA students – both undergraduate and graduate -- if you have that Tuesday afternoon free, think about joining us. Just register as soon as possible https://developingyourstory.eventbrite.com, null, null, Don't forget this is going on in a few hours!, null, null, null, The CBA's George W. Daverio School of Accountancy ranks as the 19th most affordable graduate accounting programs for 2016. Students can choose a professional accountancy option or accounting information systems option. It's important to note that the School of Accountancy has AACSB accreditation as well as the overall CBA. There are only 170 institutions that have such dual accreditation., Congrats UA Speech and Debate team--State Champs! Special kudos to CBA Integrated Marketing Communications student, Junior Kelsey Jones, who set a league record by becoming the state champion in five individual events — After Dinner Speaking, Dramatic Interpretation, Duo Interpretation, Program of Oral Interpretation and Prose Interpretation., One of the CBA's newer efforts, our Financial Planning program has quickly been recognized. Listed among the "60 Leading Schools for Financial Planning" in Financial Planning Magazine, based in New York City, we're also among the "35 Great Schools for Financial Planning". The schools were selected from among the 372 that have Certified Financial Planner Board certification.

Credit for image: From Financial Planning, November 2015 © 2015 SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited. www.financial-planning.com, Congratulations and well done, Hali! Thanks for the great article, Lisa Craig, UA Marketing and Communications group. It really captures the spirit of one of our students., Clayton Murphy, Finance Student, Named MAC Scholar-Athlete and Athlete of the Week

College of Business Administration Finance student, junior Clayton Murphy of New Paris, Ohio, has been selected as the Mid-American Conference Male Scholar-Athlete of the Week honoree the league announced on Wednesday, Feb. 10. Murphy was also selected as the MAC Men's Track Athlete of the Week after registering the first sub-four-minute mile (3:57.11) in program and Stile Athletics Field House history at the 12th Annual Akron Invitational on Feb. 6.

Congratulations!, Practice speaking in front of a group for free. UA students who want to work on their crucial communication skills in a supportive environment should attend Student Speaking Association meetings., Three out of the four students on the team pursuing the prestigious Hult Prize are from the The University of Akron College of Business Administration. They'll be using their passion for problem-solving for social good. Read more about the competition and our students from the linked article., Students who participate in the Living Learning Communities and those who are student leaders in Residence Life and Housing have created an exhibit to highlight the unfortunate circumstances some people and groups face. The Tunnel of Oppression with take place February 8-9, from 3pm-10pm, and February 10, from 3pm-8pm in the Student Union Study Lounge on the 3rd Floor., Congrats to our CBA students who juggled life, work, and school to make the President's and Dean's Lists for the Fall Semester 2015., Laura Culp, chairperson of The University of Akron College of Business Administration Advancement Council and a partner in the accounting firm of BCG and Company, wrote this recent editorial about the strength of the College of Business Administration (CBA). If you know a student interested in business, the CBA is an outstanding choice. Learn more about the school and its students  from our Website (uakron.edu/cba) and Facebook page., Be precise when you are negotiating, says Harvard., So many top jobs have business education as a common thread., Good luck on the next phase!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, CBA Marketing students Will Armstrong and Charles Combest shine in Student Startup Madness!, Students on their Global Leadership trip in Haiti. Thanks, Institute for Leadership Advancement in the College of Business Administration, for making this possible!, Accepted, undecided students should attend Scholars Day 01/23. Sign up online: http://www.uakron.edu/scholars/, CBA graduate student will be going places!, null, null, What an exciting game--the Zips showed such toughness. We're all very proud of the team!, Another semester, another great group of CBA students enter the workforce. Congratulations, grads!, "For his own part, he calls himself a professional nonunderstander. The pursuit is what counts…" from Genious at Play: the Curious Mind of John Horton Conway, biography of a trailblazing mathematician. Students take note: the benefits of a restless mind., Undergraduate and graduate CBA students completing their programs Fall Semester 2015., Read further about the CBA students and teams--including the winning team--at the Rosetta Digital Marketing Competition., Good luck to our men's soccer team tonight v Stanford!, Kate Kosar, double major in Marketing Management and Integrated Marketing Communications, is the student speaker at the Fall Commencement ceremony on Friday, Dec. 18, at 7 p.m. Congratulations, Kate, on graudating summa cum laude and good luck at Smuckers!
https://www.uakron.edu/graduation/kate-kosar.dot?/, The CBA family is mourning the senseless, tragic death of Zak Husein, an International Business student full of promise. It is impossible to describe the profound sadness felt by those who knew him. Please keep his family and friends in your thoughts and hearts., Undergraduate and graduate CBA students completing their programs Fall Semester 2015., null, null, Nice job helping the nonprofit, ACCESS, Kanga students, and well done on the video!, CBA student-athlete Conor Hundley shone in the spotlight this weekend as the Zips beat the Flashes!, Way to go, Marketing Management Major, Callie Mack. The CBA is full of game-changers!, CBA students did it again by winning the 5th Annual Rosetta Digital Marketing Competition today! The overall winning team of Micah Flores, Baylee Diedrich, Ashley Ritter, and Waverly Wituski developed solutions using cutting-edge digital marketing techniques for a national consumer product. More to come. Go Zips!, Good luck CBA Marketing Department students in today's 5th Annual Rosetta Digital Marketing Competition!
 
Five UA student teams have qualified for the finals today. These students have worked in teams to tackle real-world marketing problems and develop solutions using cutting-edge digital marketing techniques for a national consumer product. The finalists have already written strategy briefs that have qualified them for the oral presentation finals today.  

Looking forward to finding out the results! Go Akron!, Beta Gamma Sigma Global Leadership Summit attendees are on location! Pictured, left to right: Brandi Floor, Jennifer Free, Angela DeBord, Alyssa Lieb, Bethany Gump, Awesome job upsetting Ball State, Akron Zips Women's Soccer team! Good luck in the next round!, Listen to CBA students describe their trip to Germany in this YouTube video., CBA student Miranda Radesic, Sales Management and Marketing Management major, took this remarkable photo on campus., Congratulations to the CBAers who are on the Dean's and President's Lists for Summer Semester 2015. Your hard work paid off--keep up the good work!, New blog entry from CBA's Taylor Institute on their student-run social media agency., Read Betty Lin-Fisher's article about CBA Alum, Joe DiRocco, leading Citizens Bank operations., CBA's Taylor Institute Strengthens Ties with Organization that Supports Area Manufacturers

Northeastern Ohio companies will have more data to help them find new customers, thanks to an expanded partnership between the Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing at The University of Akron and MAGNET, a nonprofit that supports small to medium-sized manufacturers in Northeast Ohio.

The stronger partnership has led to the creation of a graduate fellowship at the University. Prachi Shinde (pictured below), the first recipient of the MAGNET fellowship, is excited to be involved.
"This experience will help me understand the manufacturing industry and its intricacies and nuances, which will come in very handy in the future," says Shinde, a graduate student pursuing a master's in information systems management.

Ken Ripich, executive vice president at American Tank & Fabricating, notes: "I would like to recognize the team at The University of Akron led by Dr. Thomas for providing AT&F and its business development group with innovative and highly detailed global market research. We were impressed with the quality of information and rate in which it was assembled and disseminated. Moreover, the results of this data have helped my company reevaluate our business model and export strategy."

From left to right in the group photo are Vanja Djuric, director of analytics at the Taylor Institute; Paul Thomas, MBA candidate; Sarah Wright, MBA candidate; Marlon Stevenson, senior, integrated marketing communications; Prachi Shinde, MSM candidate and MAGNET fellow; Dr. Andrew Thomas, associate professor of marketing and international business.

Fore the full article: http://bit.ly/1LnS9nj., null, null, null, null, null, Nov. 7 is a must-attend Open House for high-school students intent on studying business in college. See all the good things happening at the CBA!

http://bit.ly/1L9AFuC, This past Wednesday, 84 employers participated in the morning Internship Fair, and many of those stayed for the afternoon Career Fair. More than 400 students attended the internship fair, and an additional 350 students attended the general Career Fair. The next Internship and Career Fair will be held February 24, 2016., Angela DeBord, student president of the UA chapter of Beta Gamma Sigma (BGS), an international honor society with more than 500 collegiate chapters in all 50 U.S. states and 22 countries, has been selected as the first recipient of the international society’s James A. Viehland Scholarship. This award will allow Angela to attend the annual BGS Global Leadership Summit in Orlando, Florida in November. Angela was selected by the BGS Board of Governors on the basis of her outstanding academic and leadership achievements. Congrats, Angela!

http://www.uakron.edu/cba/news-and-events/news-details.dot?newsId=03ea1722-c4fb-4e69-9eec-50d2eb8a4d07, Get to know CBA students!
 
Sabrina Grolimund, a senior majoring in corporate financial management in The University of Akron’s College of Business Administration, has received an honorable mention in the global American Statistical Association Undergraduate Statistics Class Project Competition. She was one of the presenters in the first Electronic Undergraduate Statistics Research Conference Oct. 2. Congratulations, Sabrina!

http://www.uakron.edu/cba/news-and-events/news-details.dot?newsId=819c4277-c9ae-43ff-a7ec-1b4f24d6b3f3, null, Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) major networking events are happening periodically. Check in with the Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing periodically for the next event!, Get to know the new Chair of the Marketing Department, Associate Professor, and consumer behavior expert Dr. Terry Daugherty. Listen to his far-ranging interview on UA to Z radio show: 

https://soundcloud.com/uatoz/ua-to-z-aug-29-2015-dr-terry, Wow! What a TEDx Akron event yesterday! Read the recap..., Get to know the CBA! Our Institute for Leadership Advancement enables UA and CBA students to tackle significant, real-world projects that also impact communities positively., Results are in and the CBA team took 2nd overall! Congratulations are in order for 
James Dawson, Cinara Foor, and Aaron Gates. The team placed 1st in the written plan and 1st in the live Quiz Bowl. Well done!, Students can participate in Soctoberfest for free, Oct. 17., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, ...because communication isn't optional, and good communication skills take work, UA students should consider attending today's SSA meeting, from 4-5pm in CBA 142. See you then!, Ignite Day's speaker, Antonio Neves, meets students before the day designed especially for freshman starts. On September 12, all incoming College of Business Administration (CBA) freshmen were invited to a session to meet other CBA students and to hear from Antonio, an award-winning speaker, on how they can create their own EDGE., Another incredible opportunity The University of Akron students and community to come together and learn together., We're betting one of our Student Speaking Association student org members will be world champion one day!, null, null, null, Time to get down to business--welcome new students and welcome back returning CBA students!, Congrats, World Champion Shawn Barber!, Graduate Asha Suraj reflects on her experiences at the CBA as she joins the ranks of our remarkable CBA Alumni family. Congratulations and best of luck! Stay in touch!, null, Are you moving into a residence hall? Here's some information that should help with your move. And--welcome!, CBA adds alum Anthony Alexander, former president and CEO of FirstEnergy Corp., to serve as executive-in-residence at The University of Akron College of Business Administration. In this role he will work with students on business communication skills through a variety of activities. More here: http://bit.ly/1TTu92n, We're proud LeBron is partnering with us as we help change lives. We're looking forward to teaching the business-minded I Promise students!, Congratulations on a job well done, summer 2015 CBA graduates!, CBA Students - reach out to CBA staff member Chrissy Cooney if you need a last-minute helping hand: Hi College of Business Students!!! Let me know if there is anything last minute we can help you with. We are very excited to have you on campus soon!!  CCOONEY@UAKRON.EDU
GO ZIPS!!  
Chrissy, CBA graduating senior, Frank Laury, will be the student speaker at this Saturday's Commencement. Congratulations, Frank, and well-deserved! http://bit.ly/1hy5JKE, It's clear from this article that business degrees carry with them real earning power when you work hard at your studies and apply what you've learned to your work. Not a bad side benefit to earning a business degree!, null, null, null, Advice for parents of new college students about laptops from The University of Akron Parents & Family Association Facebook page. Perhaps others have this same question., UA CBA Supply Chain program highlighted as helping support demand of this increasingly important function., Way to go UA Law School and students! We love our dual degree JD-Business degree students!, Read about Interaction 2015, held in May at The Taylor Institute., Plan for a 2016 Global Leadership trip to Haiti -- Zips for Haiti., In the spirit of our students graduating and entering full-time work--some excellent career advice that takes on some popular advice., Our beautiful campus at the end of the semester., See some of our amazing Spring 2015 graduates., CBA students who are graduating this week--we wish you the very best of luck! Stay in touch, so we can follow you as you accomplish great things, continuing the tradition of past grads. We're so very proud of you!, Finals week! The Student Union is offering extended hours for studying. Good luck, CBA students!, Northwestern Mutual Planning Makes a Difference student competition is well underway. UA CBA students have developed plans to address a couple's financial questions based on extensive data.  Financial planning professionals are serving as judges, who will be asking the presenters, sophomore Cinara Foor, and junior James Dawson, questions on their analyses., Nice job, CBA students Ted Balog, John Haladyna, Jonathan McPherson, and Tommy Wardyniec! This team took second place in a projects category and third overall among 12 teams that competed in the 2015 Annual Information Systems Project and Case Competition held at Ball State University recently. The group’s faculty advisor was Professor of Management Liping Liu, Ph.D.

The competition had three primary categories: project, case study, and presentation. The projects portion was work that students completed during their school year. The case was completed on-site, in which students were given one evening to analyze it and prepare their materials. Both the projects work and cases were presented to a group of six Information technology executives, who judged the students’ performance. The overall ranking is based on the aggregated score of all three categories.  

Other teams were from Ball State University, Marietta College, Millikin University, Purdue University, University of Southern Indiana, and University of Toledo., Hello to all those students on campus today for New Student Orientation! Like this post if you are here for orientation and you are coming to the CBA  @Akron_NSO #FutureZip, Donate those library fines to a good cause!, https://youtu.be/V2eccxA5TvA, null, CBA Executive-in-Residence, Sandy Pianalto, kicks off a new Networking Speaker Series that begins today, Feb. 26, at 4 p.m. in the Taylor Institute on the fifth floor of the Polsky Building. Hosted by Graduate Student Government, the event is designed to introduce the most successful leaders of today to UA students, aspiring leaders of tomorrow., College of Business Administration students will be at today's Career Fair!, null, CBA Associate Professor of Management and coordinator of the supply chain program, Mahesh Srinivasan, Ph.D., is quoted in Crain’s Cleveland Business article "Supply Chain Industry Trying to Meet Demand.", More help for travelling around campus., Chrissy Cooney, Coordinator of Recruitment & Retention for the The University of Akron College of Business Administration Administration, notes some excellent advice in John A. Byrne's LinkedIn article, "A CheckList For Parents Helping Their Kids Pick A College":

" 'Having a direct admit program is my number one advice to parents sending their children to college because you don’t know how your kid will perform in freshman year'... A single failing grade in one course could keep a student from majoring in business at many schools because the competition to get into many business programs is so severe.", TEDx Akron is looking for speakers for this year's event., Graduate student mixer this Friday, Feb. 6. Meet other students, faculty, and staff over lunch!, Sandy Pianalto, Executive-in-Residence at the College of Business Administration, is featured as an Akron Zip who has had a remarkable career: http://www.uakron.edu/achieve/pianalto.dot, Understanding Academia: The US and The University of Akron 
Jan. 30, 2015
Culture shock is common when international students arrive at American universities. In particular, the educational system is significantly different, often resulting in expectations with which international students are less familiar. Assistant Dean and Director of the CBA Graduate Programs in Business, Dr. Bill Hauser, will discuss American and international educational systems and provide suggestions for students to adjust to and succeed in graduate studies at the College of Business Administration. This discussion is open to all students; new international students (Fall 2014 & Spring 2015) are strongly advised to attend. 
Where: Student Resource Center of the Polsky Building, Taylor Institute Room 567
When: 11 AM, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Discounted pricing extended -- students, professionals-in-transition, and IABC members pay $15 for a workshop AND lunch. $20 for others. See if you can make it., null, UA students working on a trip to Haiti. The trip is an outcome of a CBA student's Leadership Experience Project., We're proud of this outstanding group of graduates!, Nice job, graduates!, Grant will help CBA students become familiar with enterprise software SAP., Learn about Financial Forensics on Dec. 15. If you find this topic interesting, think about the JD/MSA Financial Forensics program launching next year at the CBA!, CBA Marketing students shine again in Rosetta marketing competition., Care packages can be ordered for your students and they prep for exams! From the UA Parents and Family Association Facebook page., Here's to a safe and joyous Thanksgiving for all our students, alumni, faculty, staff, administration, and friends. We are thankful for you all!, Executives-in-Residence stole the show earlier this month, as Sandy Pianalto served as the H. Peter Berg Speaker Series Speaker, and Andy Platt addressed the audience., Read this month's informative newsletter from the Parents and Family Association., Congratulations to 2014 Recipients of the ValMark Comprehensive Financial Planning Scholarships

On Nov. 12, a distinguished panel of industry professionals judged entrants at ValMark’s corporate office. Scholarship applicants had to submit financial plans that were created by applying classroom knowledge to real-life scenarios.

First-place
Benjamin Schwarz, Sophomore, Financial Services and 
Zach Finn, Senior, Accounting and Finance

2nd place 
Brittany Gump, Junior, Business Administration and Paralegal Studies and 
Mary Stuhldreher, Math and Business, We say it all the time -- CBA faculty members and administrators ROCK! The Committee for Research on Women and Gender (CROW) recognized five faculty members and graduate students who have affected a student’s or peer’s life positively. Two of the honorees are from the College of Business Administration (CBA), Melinda Newman, Ph.D., Associate Professor of Finance (second from the left), and Bill Hauser, Ph.D., Interim Assistant Dean and Director of Graduate Programs, and Associate Professor of Marketing (third from the left).http://buchtelite.com/24825/showcase/crow-gives-feminist-awards/, The UA video on how to finish a college degree in a timely manner has become  popular!, CBA will be teaching entrepreneurship teachers -- headed by Dr. Bill Hauser and Sheri Schulte. Congratulations! The teachers are in great hands!, null, null, Undergrad and graduate business students -- Last day to submit your essay for Your Words Matter Writing Prize. You have until midnight. For further information, go to www.YourWordsMatterAkron.org, CBA students -- there's still time! Current students come to CBA 258 before 6pm to have academic advisors answer your Spring Semester scheduling questions. Treats included!, null, Current Undergraduate CBA Students, Today's the Day
Come get your questions answered at the Spring Scheduling Party! Academic advisors will be in CBA Room 258 from 3pm-6pm to help you with next semester's schedule., Information about the CBA's excellent Supply Chain program in the Management Department. Great students are majoring in SC and companies are taking notice., Dr. Bill Hauser, Assistant Dean and Director of Graduate Business Programs, chatting with the growing crowd before the start of  tonight's CBA Graduate Programs Information Session., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, BAP Student Organization Recognized as Superior Chapter

The Gamma Eta chapter of Beta Alpha Psi (BAP) has been recognized internationally by the Beta Alpha Psi Board of Directors as a Superior chapter based on successful efforts during the 2013-2014 academic year. With assistance from faculty advisor Pam Keltyka, Ph.D., Associate Professor of Accounting at the George W. Daverio School of Accountancy, the Gamma Eta Chapter has been recognized for demonstrating excellence in academics, professionalism, and leadership. The Gamma Eta chapter at the College of Business Administration is for students who have completed 64 credit hours of collegiate courses and who have declared a major in accounting, finance, or information systems. Congratulations!, Fun video of the CBA team being announced the winners at the 2014 Financial Planning Challenge https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQhCPBKkji0, More than 80 percent of CBA students are actively engaged in internships and perform at such a competitive level that Northwestern Mutual ranked the CBA No. 2 on its list of 492 colleges in its national intern college team competition. The award is based on intern team development, as measured by client relationships. Dean Ravi Krovi pictured on the right) accepted the award from Northwestern Mutual Akron/Canton managing director Ray Latiano. CBA students will gain even more support through a new program called “Prepped, Polished and Ready” that will pair students with executives who can help polish their resumes and interview techniques. The CBA engages more than 200 business and industry executives in an advisory capacity to the College. Read more about the program: http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/college-of-business-internship-programs-recognized, Supply Chain Students -- the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation is offering a $10k scholarship. Check it out now -- deadline is tomorrow! https://www.uakron.edu/cba/student-resources/scholarships/external.dot, null, Listen to what students from the previous Study Abroad trip to Italy have to say about their experiences -- and current students should look into the requirements for this year's trip., Congratulations CBA students Tom Minnick, Danielle Molyet, and Jessica Rorar! These students beat teams from Kansas State, Texas A&M, University of Georgia, Utah Valley University, Virginia Tech, Western Carolina University, and William Paterson University today to win the Financial Planning Association Challenge 2014 (http://fpa-be.org/financialplanningchallenge/)! Teams had to orally present their case studies to a panel of judges and participate in a “How Do You Know?” Challenge, a game-show style financial planning knowledge contest, in Seattle over the weekend. They won a $10,000 scholarship for the College of Business Administration. Great job!, Congratulations President Scarborough!, An inspiring video that was played during Investiture., null, Excellent 8-part series on market research by ColemanWick. , Consider going to this excellent FREE networking event for students, recent grads, and young professionals with nonprofits., Sophomore Edge Day, with business student organizations, Note that the Akron area is a significant exporter in Ohio! , Ignite Day action -- Class of 2018. Antonio Neves, keynote speaker and breakout sessions set up success for freshman year and beyond., Antonio Neves talks to new freshmen about the importance of knowing yourself -- which comes out when no one is watching. He's the keynote speaker at Ignite Day at The CBA's Taylor Institute. The day is for freshman to meet one another, staff, faculty and area professionals and learn about professional development opportunities so they can have an EDGE when they graduate in 2018., null, null, Business-student-run organization leaders had a chance to meet incoming freshman at RooFest. PSE is a great marketing and sales organization that actively creates and manages projects throughout the year. , CBA Academic Advisors are Open for Business 

For the first two weeks of classes, students can go to CBA 260 as a walk-in (no appointment necessary) if you have a question or topic to discuss. Walk-in times will be: 
Mondays – Fridays 8:30am – 5:00pm*
Extended hours on Tuesdays and Wednesdays until 6:00pm
*Closed Labor Day, Welcome back! We're looking forward to a great year!, null, Necessary steps so parents can make payments on students' accounts., Thank you, University of Akron Parents and Family for this reminder! Please note that financial-aid disbursements began last Friday. Students need to complete all steps to get aid. , Entrepreneurship Immersion Week wrapped up this past Friday. Bob Chalfant, Visiting College Lecturer, Director of the William and Rita Fitzgerald Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies at the University of Akron, hosted the 53 students in the class of 2014. Three teams won cash prizes for their businesses (more later). Read about this event in The Plain Dealer article:
http://www.cleveland.com/business/index.ssf/2014/08/university_of_akron_wraps_up_e.html, Please note that August 25 is when Fall Semester tuition is due. There are payment plans -- take a look at the link below for more information. , USA Today broke down the school week in this useful time-management article. While the article notes that there is quite a lot of time during the week to get things done, CBA students always pack their calendars, so see if there are some useful tips for you to apply., Housing assignments are getting released! Students be sure to check your email account and a packet should be arriving at your homes shortly. , The George W. Davario School of Accountancy's Master's in Accounting (MSA) has been ranked among the “Top 30 Affordable Master’s in Accounting Programs” in the United States, according to the Master’s in Accounting Degrees website. The CBA's MSA is the only Ohio college program on the list. http://bit.ly/1kDcag5, New CBA Executive-in-Residence is Banking Expert -- Recently retired head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Sandy Pianalto, is joining the CBA as the FirstMerit Chair in Banking. Students will benefit from her real-world experiences as she works with students and faculty on banking topics. Read more about the position and her duties: http://www.uakron.edu/im/news/pianalto-to-deliver-firsthand-real-world-education-to-ua-business-students, A good reminder re: due dates from the UA Parents and Family Association., CBA Financial Planning Team Scores a Win
Fall semester will be barely under way when the three members of the Financial Planning Challenge Team head to Seattle to test their skills against seven other college teams in a national competition at the annual conference of the Financial Planning Association.

Jessica Rorar, Thomas Minnick, and Danielle Molyet comprise the first UA team to make it beyond the first round of this competition. The team's faculty advisor is Suzanne Gradisher (pictured far left), assistant professor of business law in the Department of Finance in the College of Business Administration.

The unique competition for undergraduate degree programs registered with the Certified Financial Planning Board requires teams to advance through three phases. The top three teams will be awarded monetary scholarships for their schools., Why is this CBA Marketing Student Smiling? 
Because she's going to learn about direct interactive marketing next month! Megan Kane, a senior in the College of Business Administration double-majoring in marketing management and sales management, has been selected to participate in the Marketing EDGE Interactive Marketing Immersion Xperience (I-MIX) program, to be held in August in Los Angeles. I-MIX is a summer program for the most promising marketing students in the nation, designed to educate, develop, grow, and prepare them to enter the workforce. Find out more at http://bit.ly/1nffA7P., New students and parents should check out this helpful move-in guide. It's just around the corner!, Senior marketing management major Tyler Pennington demonstrates  Dense-Array Electroencephalography (dEEG) technology during an experiment to help students in Dr. Terry Daugherty’s summer Marketing Research course (MKT 355) better understand how  advertising and other media content is tested at the Suarez Labs., Listen up solo entrepreneurs -- Akron is #5 on a list of Top Hubs for Solo Entrepreneurs http://bit.ly/1pm1LT7, CBA Alumus Zia Ahmed (BS and MBA) -- on the cover of Food Management magazine -- is recognized for his skillful management running The Ohio State University's dining services., Congratulations to the 2014 Spring Graduating class!, 2014 CBA graduate Cullen Taussig and his brother Brenton, also an alumnus, met with Dean Ravi Krovi and others to gift the CBA with new entry rugs. Cullen, who has founded Hudson Exchange, which offers a line of commercial and home matting products, wanted to give back to his school., That's our Dean! Nicely done!, null, null, Take your career to the next level. Learn about UA CBA graduate business programs at a FREE information session Friday, May 16, 5:30-7pm, CBA Atrium. Register to attend. http://ow.ly/w2GMn, Three members of the College of Business Administration’s Information Systems Management team -- Sean Blasko, Johnny Gless, and Mark Mast -- took second place in one of four tracks in the Association for Information Systems (AIS) Student Chapter Conference and Competition in Tempe, Ariz., held over Spring Break.

Finalists from 28 schools across the U.S. and elsewhere were invited to participate onsite in this international competition after successfully completing an earlier virtual competition round. The student teams presented their cases, developed during the virtual round, to a panel of corporate and academic judges.

Read more of the story: http://bit.ly/1r0B8D1, null, null, UA CBA Fall Scheduling party, complete with balloons. CBA academic advisors and helpful staff are helping!, null, Undergraduate Fall Scheduling Party 
April 8, 3-6 pm, CBA Room 258

Get ready to register for Fall Semester tomorrow.
Come to the Murphy Room (CBA 258) to have the academic advising staff answer questions and help set up your fall 2014 classes. Free pizza for attendees!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Getting ready for Goodyear Executive Leadership Forum speaker, Chris Connor, Chairman and CEO, The Sherwin-Williams Company. Mr. Connor has already met with a handful of business students during a round-table http://bit.ly/1g56diu., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The College of Business Administration (CBA) team of Supply Chain students won the Grand Prize (First Place) in the APICS Mid-Atlantic District Student Case Competition held Feb. 21-22, in Pittsburgh, PA. The team included 5 undergraduate and 1 graduate students (pictured from left): Annie Nelson, Courtney Ou, Patti Bailey Roach, Christopher Cesta, Mark (Xiao) Sun, Nicholas Waggoner, and faculty advisor Jeong Hoon Choi. Twelve teams from eleven schools participated in the competition, and the Grand Prize included an invitation to the national case competition, which will be held as a part of APICS Annual Conference on Oct. 19-21, in New Orleans, Louisiana. The team also received $5,500 for traveling expenses to the national competition. This is the second year in a row a team from Akron has won a top prize in the competition., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Today the CBA Concourse was filled with the delicious smells of chili because it was the 13th Annual CBA Chili Day.

CBA faculty and staff competed in the cook-off by submitting a total of 14 pots of their favorite chili, while others contributed crackers, cheese, cookies and water. All the goodies were served to appreciative students in the concourse from 11:30 am to 1:30 pm.

The winning chilis were:

1st Place Winner: Debbie Owens – Traditional & Tangy

2nd Place Winner: Susan Hanlon – Black Bean Chile

3rd Place Winner:  Abbey Shiban - Turkey Chili

Other mouth-watering chilis included Fire in the Hole Chili; Sam’s Bison & Beef Chili; Beef, Chicken & Pork Chili; Chili Sin Nombre; Chili # 37; Eric’s & Dave’s Famous Chili; White Chicken Chili; Eat More Chicken Chili; Three Bean Vegetarian Chili; and Comfort Chili. 

Many students expressed their appreciation and commented on how much they welcomed the hot meal on a wintry day.

Chili Day is an annual event hosted by CBA faculty and staff to show appreciation for our students. Thanks to all who contributed to making this year’s event a great success!, Chili Cook-Off Judges Take Their Responsibilities Seriously -- behind closed doors! Next stop, crockpots, cheese, crackers, cookies, etc., go out to our students., First College of Business Administration (CBA) Information Session of the Semester is Tomorrow!

New, first-time students who are interested in learning more about all the opportunities The University of Akron's College of Business Administration offers, attend our information session starting at 1 pm tomorrow in CBA Room 258 (second floor). A tour of the building follows the session. 

To attend, contact Chrissy Cooney at ccooney@uakron.edu, or 330-972-6647. Please provide your full name, e-mail address, and phone number, and let us know which area of business interests you., Congratulations to the graduating class of Fall 2013!, Some winners of the Fall 2013 Your Words Matter Writing Competition. Winner Alexandria Schall, 3rd place winner Kelli Shultz, and 4th place (tie) Hunter Palmer with Dean Ravi Krovi. Go to YourWordsMatterAkron.org for additional information about the contest and winners., Congratulations summer 2013 graduates!, Congratulations to all Spring 2013 graduates!, null, Prospective Business Students -- get to know the College of Business Administration by attending the Dean's Evening Open House, Nov. 14, 5:30-7:30 pm at the Taylor Institute, 225 South Main Street, Akron, Ohio. Register today: http://uakron.edu/cba/openhouse

Meet faculty, current students, and staff to learn about the value our nationally ranked, AACSB 
dual-accredited business school offers. Parents welcome!, CBA is getting ready for students interested in business visiting during New Roo Weekend., Brittany Eberts and Chrissy Cooney greet high-school students at morning registration for the College of Business Administration's 2-day ABOUT Leadership program., null, Could you or someone you know benefit from a course in Customer Relationship management?  Even non-degree students may take the CRM Course offered in fall.  Read the attached flyer for more information on CRM.  Spread the word to friends or colleagues who hold a bachelor’s degree and may be interested in enrolling – applying for non-degree admission is a simple process for those with a good undergraduate GPA.

http://www.uakron.edu/cba/docs/course-offerings/CRMflyer.pdf, Congratulations CBA Fall 2012 Graduates!, Congratulations CBA Fall 2012 Graduates!, Now is the time to vote for Scott Caldwell for Soccer Senior Class Award!  The voting ends on November 19th and Scott is a very close second place in voting.  Let's help make him first!

http://www.seniorclassaward.com/athletes/scott_caldwell/, Scott Caldwell made the list for voting for the Lowe’s Senior Class Award.  One third of those votes come from online voting.  You can vote once a day until November 19.  The last time we had a soccer player from Akron up for this award it was Ampai, and he won.  Let’s try and do the same for Scott.  The link below should take you directly to the vote page.

http://www.seniorclassaward.com/athletes/scott_caldwell/, You can receive an extra 3 GB of Dropbox space for 2 years by verifying your University of Akron email address.  
https://www.dropbox.com/spacerace, Memorial service for George Prough is Saturday 
 
Dr. George E. Prough, professor emeritus of marketing, died Sept. 15 after a lengthy illness. He was 67. 

Prough, who lived nearly all his life in Akron, was a graduate of Ellet High School. He earned a bachelor's degree at UA before going on to earn an M.A. at Michigan State University and a D.B.A. at Kent State University in 1977. 

The UA alumnus joined the faculty of the College of Business Administration in 1968 and retired in 2004. He was the recipient of several honors, including the 2006 recipient of the Frank L. Simonetti Distinguished Business Alumni Award, The University of Akron Alumni Association Outstanding Teacher Award and the Distinguished Marketer Award from the Akron Chapter of Sales and Marketing Executives International. 

Prough is survived by his wife, Patty, sons Eric (Debbie) and Todd (Kathy), four grandchildren and other family members. 

A memorial service will be held on Saturday, Sept. 22, at 1 p.m. at Bath United Church of Christ, 3980 West Bath Road, Bath. Visiting hours will begin at 11 a.m. at the church. Memorial donations may be made to The Dr. George E. Prough Scholarship Fund, University of Akron Foundation, Akron, OH 44325-2603, or to the Bath United Church of Christ, 3980 West Bath Road, Bath, OH 44333. 

A full obituary appears in the print edition of the Sept. 20 Akron Beacon Journal., Congratulations!, Insomnia Cookies is now open in Akron., Check out the photos of some of our 2012 Summer Graduates!  Congratulations to all CBA graduating students for a job well done., Congratulations!, null, null, null, Congratulations to all the CBA students graduating tonight!, null, null, null, null, null, Congratulations to CBA Sales Management Graduate and Zips Football Player - Jake Anderson - on signing with the Cleveland Browns!, null, null, null, Have you heard the good news? 

http://www.uakron.edu/im/online-newsroom/news_details.dot?newsId=d24e5be1-b6fc-431b-871c-164ada224a69&pageTitle=Top%20Story%20Headline&crumbTitle=Smucker%20gift%20will%20establish%20business%20leadership%20institute, null, Congratulations to Brian Walsh, a Business Administration major and Zips Basketball guard for being name to the Academic All-MAC team!

http://www.gozips.com/sports/mbkb/2011-12/releases/20120420wd7g47, null, Team of 4 MIS Students place in Information Systems Project and Case Competition held at Ball State University!

http://blogs.uakron.edu/cite/, Interested in learning more about the Le Mans/Paris Study Abroad Trip?  Stop by their information table today from 11:00 - 3:00 in the CBA Atrium., Koroseal Interior Products Group, a RJF international Corporation, will be in the CBA Atrium from 10:00 - 2:00 today seeking Sales Interns for Fall 2012 or Spring 2013. Stop by their table to find out more!, null, null, Give your feedback for potential changes in the CBA Concourse.  Please complete this survey before April 27th.  https://survey2.uakron.edu/CBAconcourse.aspx, BAKE SALE!  Pi Sigma Epsilon will be holding a bake sale in the CBA Atrium every day this week beginning at 12:00 noon in support of their Relay for Life team.  Thank you in advance for your support!, Don't forget to submit your photo for the Digital Signs and RSVP for the CBA Pre-Commencement Reception!, null, Plenty of opportunities to learn more about the Saturday MBA program that UA offers through MCUC and Lakewood. Pass these dates for the information sessions onto your friends!, null, null, null, null, One last reminder: The MBA Information Session is today from 5:30 - 7:00 PM in CBA 121., null, null, null, Interested in pursuing your MBA? Come to the Info Session this Friday (3/30/12) from 5:30 - 7:00 in CBA 121! goo.gl/sKnI9, null, null, null, null, null, null, Stop by the atrium and see representatives from Summit Retirement Plan Services.  They are looking for interns!, null, Congratulations to Business Administration Student/Athlete Alex Abreu on earning 2nd Team All-MAC!  Best of luck in the MAC Tournament this weekend!  

http://www.gozips.com/sports/mbkb/2011-12/releases/20120307ufco9m, Special thanks to Coach Bowden for coming to the Student Toastmasters meeting, and for sharing all the valuable information on public and professional speaking!, null, null, Join Coach Terry Bowden and Student Toastmasters today from 4:00 - 5:00 PM in CBA room 120!, Come listen to new Zips Football Coach Terry Bowden!  Coach Bowden will be speaking at the Student Toastmasters meeting today, (Thursday, March 1) from 4:00 - 5:00 PM in CBA 120.  Anyone is welcome to attend!, null, null, Help Akron win Campus of the Year!!! This means beating Kent State! (It is the 12th item to vote on.)

http://www.campusactivitiesmagazine.com/awards.php

Voting ends 2/28/12 so VOTE TODAY!, null, Reminder to all students: This Sunday, February 26th at midnight is the last day to withdraw from a class.  It can be done through Zipline., null, null, null, null, null, Who is excited about Jim Tressel joining our staff at The University of Akron?, CBA Professional Week concluded today with a presentation from the Career Center on Etiquette.  4:00 - 5:00 PM in the Murphy Room.  Hope to see you there!, null, CBA Professional Week continues today! From 4:00-5:00 PM, the Career Center will present on Resumes, and will review them from 5:00 - 7:00 - both in the Murphy Room (CBA 258).  Today is also "Mock Interviews" for those that signed up., null, It's CBA Professional Week! Who is excited to enhance their interviewing skills? Today, from 4:00 - 5:00 PM in the Murphy Room (CBA 258)., null, null, null, null, CBA Professional Week starts one week from today! Are you ready?, null, Good news for those with (or thinking about getting) an MBA!

http://www.businessinsider.com/business-outlook-for-mbas-2012-2012-1?utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitterfeed, null, With the first week down, what class are you most looking forward to this semester?, null, Former CBA Marketing Student & Zips Soccer Standout, Darren Mattocks, selected #2 overall in the 2012 MLS SuperDraft.  

Congrats Darren!

http://www.whitecapsfc.com/news/2012/01/whitecaps-fc-select-darren-mattocks-2012-mls-superdraft, null, Looking to get involved this semester?  Check out the CBA Student Organization Fair from 2-5 in the atrium., Welcome back!  Best of luck this semester!, null, null, null, Congratulations to our Graduates!, Congratulations to our Graduates!, It's Thursday of finals week.  Anyone out there done for the semester yet?, null, Congratulations to our Graduates!, Congratulations to our Graduates!, Good luck to everyone on their Finals!, Check out the graduation publicity for our Fall 2011 graduates! Congratulations to all of the CBA graduates!!, Congratulations to our Graduates!, null, null, null, null, null, Who is graduating in December?  Don't forget to RSVP for the Pre-Commencement Social and submit your info/picture to be displayed on the digital signs.  www.uakron.edu/cba/grad-pub , null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, CHIPOTLE! The Pledge Class of Delta Sigma Pi will be selling Chipotle Burritos in the concourse today (Wed) and tomorrow (Thur) from 12:00 - 2:00 PM., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, UA All Campus Career Fair is Wednesday, October 19th from 10:30 A.M. - 3:00 P.M. in the Student Union Ballrooms. 

Professional Dress and Resumes are required., null, null, null, Many great speakers this week - don't miss the great learning opportunities: 

1) Wednesday, Oct. 12 from 1:10-2:00 (SU Theater), UA alumna Sandra Pianalto, President and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland - "Leadership in Challenging Times"

2) Wednesday, Oct. 12 from 5:10 - 6:25 (CBA 120), Mike Corkran, CEO and Founder, Managing Partner, China Centric Associates - "Towards an Effective Business Strategy in China: Implications for US Business."

3) Thursday, Oct. 12 from 5:10 - 6:25 (CBA 120), Dr. Raj Aggarwal, Frank C. Sullivan Professor of International Business and Finance, The University of Akron - "Foreign Currency Issues: Implications for US and Chinese Business."

We hope to see you there!, null, The CBA is hosting many great speakers this week-check them out: http://www.uakron.edu/cba/news-and-events/calendar.dot, The CBA celebrated homecoming week in style! Decorations-"See our Shining Stars," Chili Day, and a tailgate tomorrow.  GO ZIPS!, Who took advantage of Chili Day in the CBA yesterday? Thank you CBA Faculty & Staff for donating over 300 bowls of delicious chili, 216 cookies, 144 bottles of water and lots of crackers and cheese!, CBA Student Luke Holmes wins National Player of the Week!  http://www.gozips.com/sports/msoc/2011-12/releases/20111003sy7vzp, null, Marketing Students - Are you ready for the Learn More and Earn More event today before our Zips beat OSU in soccer?, null, null, null, null, 6 of the students running for homecoming royalty are CBA students - Andrea Hinton, Rachel Koroknay, Kristen Sage, Kay West, Brandon Hickey & John Zeleznock! Go to www.uakron.edu/vote before noon TODAY!, null, null, 6 of the students running for homecoming royalty are CBA students - Andrea Hinton, Rachel Koroknay, Kristen Sage, Kay West, Brandon Hickey & John Zeleznock!  Go to www.uakron.edu/vote before noon on September 19th. , null, null, null, null, null, null, Don't forget - the last day to drop a class without a "WD" on transcript is September 5th. (See full policy http://www.uakron.edu/cba/news-and-events/news-details.dot?newsId=2174031&pageTitle=Recent%20Headlines&crumbTitle=The%20University%20of%20Akron%20New%20Withdrawal%20Policy%20-%20Effective%20Fall%202011), null, null, The University of Akron Accounting Association/Beta Alpha Psi is holding their first meeting today (Aug. 30) from 3:50 - 5:00 in Buckingham 201. Free Pizza and Pop! Great for Accounting, Finance and Information Systems majors., null, How many free Uncrustables have you picked up today?, Two days down. What is something you have learned? (Other than to get here early for parking!), null, What is it like to Study Abroad in India? Read some of our CBA Students experiences - http://blogs.uakron.edu/studyabroad/, Welcome back students and staff!  Lets make it a great semester!  Good Luck!, null, null, Congratulations to all of the 2011 summer graduates from the College of Business Administration at The University of Akron!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The College of Business Administration will host an event Thursday, May 19, from 5 to 8 p.m. for those who want to be an entrepreneur or are in the beginning stages of their business. Experienced entrepreneurs, experts and peers will participate in breakout sessions for further conversation. Chris Verich, founder of Ohio Brewing, will be the guest speaker.  Please call 330-972-7654 for more information., null, A second section of the LEAP course Practical Negotiations for the Workplace is added to the schedule.  It should appear in Peoplesoft next week. The class will be offered on two Saturdays, July 30 and August 6 from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.  Professor Tim Daly will be the instructor.  This course can be used to fulfill the requirement for the Flexible MBA 1 credit Professional course on Negotiations., Congratulations to all CBA graduates. Well done! Whose coming to the celebration tonight? 4pm in the CBA atrium? See you there!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Check out these photos from GradFest, a great event!, null, null, null, Stop by the Aleris table in the CBA today to learn more about their intern opportunity!, null, null, Dr. Thomas discusses the 50th anniversary of the first human space flight on his blog 'The ART of Business'. What do you think?, null, null, The IT Career Camp is going on this summer at Akron, great opportunity for high school students, check it out!, Whose ready for GradFest this evening?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Thinking about grad school? This is a great opportunity to take a sample GMAT test. Tomorrow morning in the computer lab (CBA 101). Register here:, null, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FhJ6lz7&h=307aa, null, null, null, A special congratulations go to the CBA students that are part of the MAC championship basketball team: Alex Abreu, Mike Bardo, Brett McClanahan, and Brian Walsh.  GO ZIPS!, null, null, Good Luck to our Sales Team (Kate Rosen, TJ Sudol, Bruce MacDonald, and Mike Rychka, accompanied by Dr. Tim Daly) as they compete in the National Collegiate Sales Competition. FOX News will be covering the event Saturday 7pm-7:30pm. Tune In!, null, null, Learn more about The Economy 2011. Are you signed up yet? http://www.uakron.edu/cba/economy2011/, null, So what is everyone up to on their snow day?, The Business Intelligence Summit being held in the Taylor Institute tomorrow has been postponed due to the expected winter storm. We will keep you updated when it has been rearranged., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The Society for Human Resource Management has a great opportunity for all CBA students to meet with the HR Department at JoAnn Stores and tour the distribution facility in Hudson on Wednesday, February 9 from 3:00PM till 4:30PM. 

If you are able to attend, please contact Thomas Huth (tjh39@zips.uakron.edu) by the end of the day Friday., null, UA's Akron campus, Wayne College and the Medina County University Center are closed Wednesday because of the weather., UA's Akron campus, Wayne College and the Medina County University Center are closed Tuesday because of the weather. Only employees designated as emergency personnel are to report to work at their regularly scheduled times.
 
Updates will be available by calling 330-972-7669, checking the University's home page, and by tuning in to the major radio and television stations in Cleveland and Akron., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, To register for this event, visit www.ohioideaexchange.com. See you there!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Hope everyone is enjoying their break! Happy Holidays Folks!, null, null, Congratulation CBA graduates!!, Molly Cuenot talks through her experiences on India Study Abroad!, null, null, Congratulations Dean Krovi!, null, null, null, Congratulations to the Men's Soccer Team for bringing home the first national championship to Akron!, null, null, null, Honors Students with NorTech representatives and President Proenza, null, Jay Schabel &  Michael Persichilli & James Garrett - Speakers for the event, null, null, null, Mrudeet Valia talks about why he chose the CBA!, null, null, null, null, Its a nice place to hangout with friends in between classes. The best place for class project discussions. Lots of good memories for alumni...Yes we are talking about our CBA Concourse. It's going to get a facelift soon. Share your thoughts about it...., What are you thankful for?  Please post comments., null, null, President Obama Names November 19, 2010 National Entrepreneurs' Day!, null, Did you miss this?, Post your questions and comments related to economy and Job creation to Dr.Aggarwal. He will respond to your questions., null, null, null, null, Who is your favorite CBA professor of all time?  What is the class you never wanted to miss?, null, Visit the globe at CBA International Day on November 9th from 11:30am - 1:30pm in the CBA atrium!  Students from all over the globe will be display their culture!  Stop by for free food samples!, null, Dr.Mc Henry on Social media strategies of corporations. Post your comments and questions below., null, null, Hey! Whats going on with you? (Week 9, Fall 2010), null, null, null, null, null, School of Accountancy Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program, null, School of Accountancy Holds Evening with the Accountants, null, null, For a second consecutive year, a CBA marketing management major has been crowned UA Homecoming King.  Jharell Watkins, was crowned King at the Homecoming Dance on October 1, 2010., LittleTikes Internship Opportunity, null, null, Announcing the 2010-2011 James C. Johnson Student Paper Competiton, null, null, null, Hey! Whats going on with you? (Week 7 Fall-2010), null, null, null, null, A SIAS International University delegation visited the CBA this week to discuss developing collaborative relations, study abroad internships, and project partnerships., Visiting Faculty Bring Wealth of Experience to CBA, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Hey CBA Students!  Join us at the CBA Football Tailgate on October 2, 2010.  It's FREE and food is from Old Carolina barbecue.  Yum!  Register by September 22nd at link below., null, CBA Faculty Share their Words of Wisdom, null, The next Entrepreneur’s Idea Exchange event is quickly approaching! The event will be held on Thursday, September 16, 2010 at 6pm at the College of Business Administration at The University of Akron. We are offering a special price for this event! Two registrations for $20. The first person should register at www.ohioideaexchange.com. Cost for each guest is only $5.00. So that we can provide a parking permit to the guest, please e-mail the contact info to cla10@uakron.edu (guest name, phone number, and e-mail address). Payment for guests will be accepted at the door. Any questions, call (330) 972-6072., null, CBA Soccer Tailgate is on Friday September 17 starting at 5:30pm! FREE FOR CBA STUDENTS. Just register online, visit http://www.uakron.edu/cba/fun for more details! GO ZIPS!, null, CBA Fall Tailgates are quickly approaching!  The CBA Soccer Tailgate is on Friday, September 17th.  Registration deadline is Friday, September 10th.  FREE for all CBA students!  To sign up, visit link below.  
All CBA friends and Alumni are welcome to attend, to register send an e-mail to Carrie Ahmed at cla10@uakron.edu., null, The College of Business Administration is hosting a Global Supply Chain Forum on Friday, September 17, 2010 from 7:30am-1pm at Quaker Square Station.  Speakers are high caliber!  Please register soon!, Beta Gamma Sigma Chapter Attains Exemplary Status, null, null, Smuckers are in the CBA today looking for Accounting, IS and Marketing Interns, stop by and pick up an uncrustables sandwich!, Do any CBA August graduates have pictures that were taken at the August graduation ceremony and gradfest?  Please post to the photos page.  We would love to see them!, Dr. Thomas Calderon Receives American Accounting Association Award, null, Congrats to the CBA August Graduates!  Good luck!, Student Part Time Employment Positions at The Taylor Institute, null, null, Study Abroad in India Blog Available, Leadership Akron selects CBA Professor, null, null, null, null, BizCamp at the Taylor Institute is proud to welcome Founder of OfficeMax and Max-Wellness, Michael Feuer as our Keynote speaker August 19-20 at the Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing in Akron, Ohio., CBA Hosts IT and Marketing Camp for High School Students, CBA Alumnae Received 2010 ATHENA Young Professional, Would you like to provide a testimonial for the CBA web-site? Please fill out the form at the link below. Thank you!, During the week of June 7 - 11, 2010 the CBA’s Center for Information Technologies and eBusiness (CITe), in conjunction with Project Grad Akron, provided a dynamic and enjoyable educational experience for 27 Buchtel High School students at IT Career Camp., School of Accountancy Evening with the Accountants (EWA), JD/MBA Program Helps Student Embark on Exciting Career Even Before Graduation, Summer Co-ops/Internships Available, Check out the new videos on YouTube featuring CBA students ..., UA's 3 Fulbright scholars will go far, CBA Students along with Dr. Steve Ash are traveling to Greece and Italy., CBA Students Collaborate With Students in China, CBA Grad Student Wins First Annual IT Day, CBA Graduates, What are your plans for Summer 2010?  Please comment., Congratulations to all CBA Spring 2010 graduates!, CBA Major Match-Up Day, IT Day is featured in the Akron Beacon Journal!, CBA Student Spends Spring Break in Seoul, Mr. William Holmes speaks at the Graduate Executive Forum, Akron's College of Business Ranked as a Top Value, First Annual Information Technology Day, The University of Akron is hosting First Annual Information Technology Day on Thursday, April 22, 2010 from 9:00 am – 2:00 pm in The University of Akron’s Student Union, 3rd floor (Ballrooms B, C, D, and E). 


This event will showcase The University of Akron students advancing the frontiers of information technology. The event will give you a chance to network with students, faculty, and employers. 
For more information about the event, we invite you to view our webpage at http://www.cs.uakron.edu/ITDay.html, Entrepreneur's Idea Exchange Brings Together Local Entrepreneurs, Mako-Robinson Receives NACADA Award, Financial Aid for Study Abroad to University of Ulsan in South Korea, Interested in completing a MBA? Come to one of the MBA Information Sessions ..., Vote on Your Favorite CBA T-Shirt Design, Program Enrichment Lecture Series Welcomes Mr. John D. Ross, Many scholarships are available for the 2010 – 2011 Academic Year.  See the CBA Scholarships link., CBA Holds Student Org Fest, Dr. Prashant Srivastava Chaired Sessions at Annual Conference, 2010 Donald L. Kaufman Business Speaker Series Welcomes Paul Greig, CBA Hosts Entrepreneur's Idea Exchange Event on March 16, 2010, College of Business Administration Ranked by BusinessWeek as One of the Top Undergraduate Programs in U.S., Congratulations to the College of Business Administration - ranked by BusinessWeek for the 2nd year in a row as a top 100 undergraduate program., 2010 Study Abroad Opportunities, ZippieZ takes part in the final round of the Global Supply Chain competition, CBA Alumni Forms Equity Research Firm, Dean Krovi Congratulates CBA Soccer Players, MBA Team Advances to Finals, ShelterBox Contents to Be on Display in CBA Atrium on Friday http://tinyurl.com/ycpolpy, CBA T-shirt Design Contest Prizes are $100 zip card for 1st Place.  $25 zip cards for 2nd and 3rd place!  Hurry and submit your designs!, CBA Student Org Fest on February 23, 2010 from 10am - 7pm in CBA atrium.  Come learn about CBA student organizations!, Don't forget Chili Day on February 15, 2010.  FREE CHILI to all CBA students from 11am-1pm in the CBA concourse.  See you there!, Check out the CBA You Tube Channel!  Please comment., Create a CBA T-shirt and show your CBA pride!  The t-shirt design contest is open to all CBA (part-time or full-time) students.  A student can participate individually or as part of a student organization., This is the Football Tailgate that was held on November 7, 2009.
U of A vs. Kent State)