List(A little more than a month till it's Cinco de Mayo! Can you tell we're excited?, If you are looking for a place to celebrate National Meatball Day (which is today) go challenge yourself to the half pound Buca meatball. I promise you won’t leave hungry!, null, At least we can say we knew the Plumber Foodie before he became famous., Awadh hosted “A Taste of Dum Pukht” on February 3rd and it was a night dedicated to Chef Gaurav Anand’s rendition of a cooking style rooted in ancient Indian culture., During the month of February, The Gander will feature weekly rotating flights of desserts inspired by – you guessed it LOVE., We want our burgers the way we want!  Making burgers great again Schweid and Sons, Located in Murray Hill, Baby Bo’s Cantina transports you to a low key Mexican spot with good vibes and good people. Oh, and of course authentic Mexican food!, Located in the West Village, 12 Chairs is an authentic Israeli Spot. When you walk in you feel like you could be sitting in a café in Tel Aviv., New York Central at the Grand Hyatt New York recently debuted their new Wine Dinners & Chef’s Table series and we attended this unforgettable dinner debut., To make it easy for you this year, we’re sharing our top 5 gifts for the foodie in your life and even a couple gifts we have on our wish list!, Recently our very own Tracy had the chance to sit down for a Q&A with Jessica Tom, author of Food Whore. Spoiler Alert: There's going to be a movie!

http://bit.ly/1Q7WPCG #foodwhore #newyork #food #dreamworks, Quinciple and Farm to Table, two incredible farm-to-kitchen companies have joined forces to bring you even more, small batch and heirloom foods!, Parm NYC is mostly known for their variety of parm heros as well as their baked ziti & their mozzarella sticks. But their Upper West Side location houses a secret dish!, Bar Cyrk NYC is a restaurant in Tribecca that must be uncovered. When you walk into Bar Cyrk you’re not entirely sure what you’re getting yourself into., Recently we attended a delicious luncheon hosted by Peapod and Barilla where they unveiled their new pasta meal kits and we got the first taste!, Panette NYC brings the high quality tastes of Italy to NYC. Offering a wide variety of premium Italian meats & ingredients that are cooked to perfection., My brother and I both celebrated our 25th and 22nd birthdays last week and decided to stop in at Stanton Social to see what it was all about., Companies are roasting up the next big trend in coffee: DIY cold brew coffee kits, which could be a game changer in the way we order our morning coffee., Everyone loves the flavors of fall, the ever popular pumpkin laced dishes are popping up across menus. Here are a few places that we love to go for lunch that are revamping their menu with Fall fresh ingredients!, Recently we attended The Art of Food 2015 and had a blast!! Check out a recap of the event below., Check out this Brooklyn based Kickstater that's making Kickstarter history!, Now don't get me wrong. Original Apple Pies are good and all but, have you ever tried Whiskey Apple Crumble pie?!, National Pierogi Day is tomorrow. Did you even know that? Are you even prepared?!, What do you get when you combine fine dining, art buying, legendary chef Michael White and iconic fashion designer Nicole Miller, along with twenty-five of New York City’s finest chefs? You get, The Art of Food., Hold on to your seat folks because you’re going to be wildy jealous of the amazing dinner I went to! The theme of the dinner was “Bubble-Que: BBQ with Bubbles”, Political and spiritual views aside, Pope Francis loves food and as a foodie, he’s one of us!, A glamorous evening in NYC for a good cause.  Henri Bendel and the Food Bank for New York City mixing Fashion and Charity., null, Juicy, Fresh, and delicious Burgers have us coming back over and over again.  Find this hidden gem, hiding behind a curtain at the Parker Meridian: The Burger Joint, Mexican in the East Village from the people that brought you Cookshop, Hundred Acres and Vic's.  Check out our visit to Rosie's, Cheese is probably one of our favorite Food Groups, and we dig a place that dedicates an entire menu section to Mac N Cheese.  Check out our visit to Delicatessen, This is how we Friday at the Eat Up New York Office. Well, this is actually how we every day.  Nutella Arancini - Come hang out with us on Instagram, Sneakers and a Cereal Bar - What else could you possible need?  Check out Kith Treats in Brooklyn., We love an outdoor market, but as the seasons change we are happy to know that UrbanSpace has opened their first Brick & Mortar: UrbanSpace Vanderbilt Market, If you didn't know it was there you might walk right past Bombay Sandwich Co - We found it, and were happy that we did.  If you like Indian Food check out our write up of this lighter & refreshing shop, French Creperie & Pastry Bar - Sign us up for that!  Delice and Sarrasin in the West Village, Murray Hill has a great spot for Casual, Healthy, and Affordable Greek Eats.  Check out our write up of Eons Greek Food for Life, You might know what you want to eat but you might not know what to wear.  Let us help you pair for your food to your fashion.  Check out our 15 foodie fashions, When you are trying to eat healthy, food take out and delivery can be difficult.  SoRipe is a new Food delivery service that brings Healthy Food right to your door, We know several people who can't enjoy wine because of the sulfites...They get terrible headaches from drinking wine.  Yes it means more for us but it still makes us sad everyone can't enjoy - This new product is a game changer by removing sulfites and purifying wine., We are always on the lookout for Greek Food in NYC.  Our recent visit to Village Taverna in Union Square, We have so many pictures that we want to put on a cake...just need to pick one, or maybe 10!  Eat Up New York Instagram Food pics...on a cake.  Mind Blown - Check out YouCake., Our Homemade S'mores S'mores...no we didn't repeat that by accident.  These are made with Squish Marshmallows S'mores Marshmallows, Hershey's Chocolate and Hershey's Chocolate Chip Cookies!  Before you run out to make these...don't forget to follow us on Instagram., Maybe it's because the city gets more crowded with people going back to school, but September in NYC always seems HOT.  Can't think of a better way to cool off than Ice Cream.  10Below is definitely worth waiting in line for - Check out our recent visit, It's not too late to get your fix at Ralph's Famous Italian Ice - If you haven't waited on line yet...what are you waiting for?, If your into wellness, essential oils,  and food you must check out these summer recipes that incorporate doTerra Sunsational Flavors Promo Kit!, The Pretzel Pork & Chive Dumplings at Talde are off the hook - One order is never enough...don't even bother.  Start with two orders and just go from there, We like to believe that trying to find food shouldn't be the hardest part of during your college years. So to our new and old NYU students, this is for you!, One of the few things that eases our pain, that the summer will end soon, is the reopening of Madison Square Eats, We went back at it again and dove head first into another juice cleanse. Check out our juicing experience with Love Grace!, Our Fry-Day Tribute - These Delicious Mac N Cheese Fries...and we ate every single one of them.  Don't forget to hop over to Instagram to hang out with us there!, We're just going to put it out there and say it. Yes we attended the Party In Your Mouth 😳, WARNING: We are not responsible for your keyboard shorting out due to your mouth watering while reading this article about our visit to Strip House in NYC. Please proceed with caution and possibly a drool rag., We like burgers. We like bacon. We like bacon burgers. But let me tell you, you are going to love a Bacoburger. Plus your Labor Day BBQ guests called us and requested we tell you to get them.

p.s. I dare you to say BacoBurger 10x fast., Celebrating 20,000 Followers on Instagram and 30,000 followers on Facebook with this giant Burger from Black Tap.  Thank you to everyone who follows, comments, tags us in pictures, and reads our articles., Mac N Cheese Ball was all we could talk about yesterday - Come on over to Instagram to hang out with us there too!, If you're not doing anything this Thursday, stop down at GustOrganics for their "Cheers to the Future" event that will help to raise money for the Humane League Charity!, We just love taste testing new menu items.  Thanks to Schnitz for having us over.  We will be back for more Schnitz and Waffles!, Ice Cream in a puffed corn cone - Sure it looks weird but it's ice cream!  If you haven't found the Play J truck yet you should definitively go and find it., The summer isn't over just yet.  Still time to get away to the Hamptons Rockstar Style.  Check out some of the options to get you to the beach in style.  Make sure your credit card is clear to cover the cost!, Top 10 List of  Healthy Places to Eat Out in NYC.  Thanks to the co-founders of Tovita Nutrition for putting this together - Check it out, Who doesn't love a Dessert Tasting?  Check out the six fabulous summer desserts we got to try at Hakkasan New York.  Make sure you get there before the summer ends, Behind the Kitchen with Leith Hill of Ellary's Greens.  Read about the incredible Leith, her philosophy on food and business, and advice she has for New Yorkers, Brunch at Cantina Rooftop is like taking a vacation right here in the city.  Brunch with a view!  Check out our recent visit, By day, they feature events and classes for kids and by night they turn into a BYOB Adult Kitchen.  Taste Buds Kitchen, From Brooklyn to Manhattan, Fonda Restaurant brings us creative Mexican Food - Take a look at our recent visit, We always like to start with some cheese before we have pizza - It just makes sense and Forcella makes it happen for us, Interview with the founder of The Purple Carrot - A Plant Based food delivery service - Shipping healthy ingredients and recipes right to your door., What in the world is the Spherificator?! You have never heard of this new product but you are going to want one., Don't miss your Local Farmers at the Union Square Greenmarket.  The summertime is one of the best times of the year to go shop local and support your local farmers., We never suppress our craving for Mexican Food.  We followed Calexico from their street cart to one of their awesome Brooklyn locations.  Check out our recent visit., A reason you might go to the Theater District without having tickets to see a show - Authentic Chinese Cusine: Hakkasan  And don't miss the Ling Ling Experience, We are reliving our childhood through snacks from the past - We were pretty surprised that some of these snacks were still available - Check out our list and let us know what your favorite Childhood snack was., Seasonal Farmers Market food delivered right to your door.  Quinciple, a weekly subscription service, delivers you the fresh ingredients you need to cook delicious meals, Relive your childhood at Sammy's Roumanian Steakhouse.  We are all about the pickles and latkes and know several people who would love their egg creams!  (You know who you are egg cream people), Bringing the Hamptons to the Upper East Side - BKB Restaurant.  Check out our recent delicious visit, Felice 15, part of the Felice Restaurant Family, brings some needed authentic Tuscan flavors to the Financial District - Check our our recent visit, A Cereal Gun that converts grains, corn or rice into cereal and shoots it out at a rate of about 150lbs of puffs per hour.  We totally need one for the Eat Up New York office.  The Puffing Gun was used a a promotional pop-up Exhibit for the Museum of Food & Drink - Check it out, Some of our Favorite Speakeasies in NYC - Some you might find with no problem and others will require some assistance - These are all fun places to visit and worth the effort - Check em out, Drink up and soak up the beautiful art work at some of our favorite NYC Bars.  You might be amazed at what is hanging on the walls at some of these places - Check it out, We had such a wonderful dining experience at Quintessence that we went back to interview one of the founders to learn more., Checking out the Summer Salad options at Just Salad - Perfect lunch options for a heatwave!, Yeah, it's hot!  Welcome to the Summer in NYC Mr. Banks!  Not to worry, we got you covered with our list of places to go for Frozen Treats in NYC - Check em out., Thanks amNewYork for including Eat Up New York on your list of "NYC food Instagrammers you need to follow immediately", We will swing anywhere for a Swingle - Frozen Key Lime Pie On a Stick from Steve's Authentic Key Lime Pies, The Party Brunch?  The Boozy Brunch?  Or Both?  How do you Brunch?, New York City doesn't have enough cookies.  No such thing as too much of a good thing!  Hope that Audrey's Cookies finds their way to he East Coast soon, A Visit to the East Village home of Korilla BBQ - Two words for you people: Kimcheese Fries.  Don't ask, just go and get them - Thank us later!, YouTube Space NY is located in the Chelsea Market - Have you checked it out yet?  Been to a screening?  Check out our recent visit, Awol Eatery, in Williamsburg Brooklyn, (stands for All Walks of Life) caters to everyone: Gluten free, Vegan, Vegetarian, Pescatarian, meat, no meat, fish, no fish, bread, no bread - Awol is trying to change your dining experience - You decide what you want - Check out our Behind the Kitchen Interview, You like Coffee?  How about coffee on steroids?  Have you tried Nitro Coffee yet?  Here are 5 reasons why you should go try it - We will meet you at the tap., These are definitely not your childhood pushpops!  Lafayette Grand Cafe & Bakery reinvents the pushpop with milk sherbet and crushed macarons - Check out our interview with Chef Jennifer Yee, You can't go wrong with the Pizza at Rubirosa - Check out our delicious half arugula and half vodka pizza that totally hit the starving spot, Bring on the Pizza and Beer at Brooklyn Buschenschank - A Brooklyn Happy Hour., Serving up Raw, Organic, Vegan Food since 1999! Check out our recent visit to Quintessence, So when the guys behind Meatball Shop decide to open a fish-focused restaurant in the middle of summer, with four different types of tacos on the menu, you drop everything you’re doing and head there ASAP. Seamore's, Who said you can't have fun creative envelopes for personal use or for your business?! Check out the recent stationery Envelopes.com designed for us! We couldn't be happier and hungrier at the same time!, We have put together quite a list of Happy Hour spots in NYC - Something for everyone that is sure to keep you happy for hours and hours, What a delicious time we had at the NYC Fancy Food Show - Take a look at the list of our favorite vendors and how you can buy some of their awesome products, Some people go to Lincoln Center for the performing arts - We go to Lincoln Center for the Mexican Food.  Check out our visit to El Mitote, Getting back to cooking with the help of Fresh Routes - Healthy Meal Kits and recipes that can make anyone a gourmet chef.  Check it out, We are huge popcorn fans/addicts.  Like eating it every day type of addiction. Psyched to add a new company to our list of 'go-to' popcorn - Quinn Popcorn.  And with a microwave option, that isn't filled with chemicals or junk we can't pronounce, we couldn't be happier - Check it out., Probably the most important National Day - National French Fry Day.  We have put together a list, with awesome pictures, of some of the best places in NYC to celebrate this important day!  Check it out and make sure you get your French Fry on!, While many of us feel like the summer ends with the 4th of July....there are many fun things happening in NYC until the official end of summer.  Check out our list of some pretty awesome things to do in NYC, Weekend Planning: Our Homemade Oreo Crusted Dark Chocolate Caramel Tart - Don't miss all our delicious food pics on Instagram #EatUpNewYork, When you are up way too late in NYC (if there is such a thing) here are some spots to hit for late night Happy Hours, Sometimes all we want are Dumplings!  Delicious Dumplings at Mimi Cheng's - Check out our recent visit to this East Village hotspot, Seasonal picks from some of our favorite Casual NYC Restaurants and Take out places - Healthy Options and Delicious Options -, Who needs space?  Or a Washing Machine, or a lawn, or storage, or a second bedroom?  Here are our 10 reasons why you should live in NYC in your 20's., BareBurger now open in Columbus Circle Location - Same great Food, Cool space, and new beverage program - Check out our recent visit, Bottomless Brunch?  Yes please.  Sign us up.  Put us down for that.  We are in - Union Bar and Kitchen in Soho -, We loved their freshly made pasta so much that we went back to interview one of the owners of Pazzi Pasta in Brooklyn., The Real Deal Tex-Mex in Gramercy Park.  Check out our recent visit to Javelina - BYOSP...Bring Your Own Stretchy Pants!, An estimated 150 million hot dogs will be consumed today. That's a lot of hot dogs. Happy 4th of July Everyone!, Big Smoke Burger brings their awesome Grilled Burgers to NYC.  Don't miss the Onion Rings and Poutine too! - Check out our recent visit to Big Smoke's Seventh Avenue location., A whole month dedicated to ice cream!  Now that is something that we can really get behind.  Take a look at some of the places in NYC where you can get your ice cream fix

Where is your favorite place to get ice cream in NYC?  Let us know., The Fourth of July is one of our favorite holidays, for obvious reasons. With the barbeques, beers, beach, and fireworks, you’re guaranteed to have a great day. But for those who don't like splurging on food, this is for you!, Sometimes it takes more than just delicious food to retain customers and make a lasting impression. Check out how a well-branded stationery set can set you apart and help you retain loyal customers and leave a lasting impression., Sometimes we need a reason to hop on a train and travel uptown.  (Sorry to those people who live uptown)  Well Two Little Red Hens is our favorite reason to go to the Upper East Side - Cupcakes!, Summer is one of our favorite times of the year because of so many fruits and vegetables that are in season.  Check out our list of Fast & Easy Summer Recipes you have to try., Fried Chicken in Alphabet City that will knock your socks off - Bobwhite Lunch & Dinner Counter -, Right in the Flatiron is County Restaurant offering up local, seasonal, and market fresh fare.  Take a look at the delicious food we ate during a recent visit., Sneakers, Kicks, or whatever you call them, is a huge business.  There are a ton of different styles and options with people collecting and selling the hard to find ones.  Check out three of our favorite places in NYC to get your kicks, Homemade Chocolate Cookie Sandwiches with Salted Caramel Gelato.  So Delicious!

Are you following us yet on Instagram?  Click the cookie sandwich, and follow us for more delicious fun!, You can't plan the perfect day at the beach without picking out your new favorite bathing suit.  Check out our 2015 Summer Swimsuit Guide, Have you been thinking about going to Smorgasburg?  Maybe you went once and were so overwhelmed that you left sad and hungry.  Well here are some tips to help make your Smorgasburg experience fun and filling!  Check them out., NYC Pride week has officially kicked off and it is time to celebrate! Here's our recommendations of events to check out during #PrideWeek, It has been on the west coast for a little while.  Well now the Sushi Burrito is right here in NYC.  We were invited to check out the sushi burrito, at Uma Temakaria, last week - Sushi Game Changer!, We had a great time last week, at the Refinery Rooftop, checking out their new summer menu and sampling some of their fantastic cocktails.  We are so adding this place to our list of Rooftop Bars!, What we like about La Sirene is that it is an approachable French Bistro.  They couldn't be nicer and the food was delicious.  Take a look at our recent visit to La Sirene in Soho, Where's Brooklyn at?! Check out how to celebrate the 4th of July in Brooklyn this year!, The Ice Cream and Flavor options at DF Mavens are pretty awesome.  You may not believe it but their Ice Cream is Non-Dairy.  Check out our recent visit to DF Mavens, You may have walked right past Pershing Square, which is tucked under the overpass of Park Avenue, but that would have been a mistake.  Check out our recent visit to Pershing Square and check out some of the delicious eats!, We definitely have an obsession with Hummus.  It is almost always in the office and we have been going all around the city trying Hummus wherever we go.  Take a look at our current Go-To places for Hummus along with a recipe to make your own., The 2015 NYC Gay Pride Parade is right around the corner.  You have to get there early to get a good spot as it gets very crowded.  Check out the info on the Parade so you don't miss it, Sustainable Seafood Week is June 22-28 in NYC and we have put together a list of events you should definitely check out.  Sustainable Farming and Fishing is a big deal and we should all be paying attention to it., Looking for something Healthy to do in NYC this weekend?  Check out our list of events, around NYC, that will get your blood pumping & get you thinking about eating better., Heading out east this weekend or in the coming weeks? Check out our top spots to party while in the Hamptons & Montauk, How do you make summers better than they already are? Add Summer Beers! So with that said, check out these four summer beers you must try, Not only did we get to have an awesome sit down with the founder of The Seed Experience but we got you guys a 50% off discount code for tickets to the expo!, Taco Tuesday will never be the same., Grab your wicker basket and checkered blankets because, here are some awesome spots to picnic this 4th of July!, The Sister Restaurant to the Comfort Diner, The Comfort Restaurant & Bar is on the Lower East Side - Comfort Food Galore.  Be sure to check out the Jewbano Sandwich - Take a look at our recent visit, We like eating outside, and if we can't eat outside we would gladly settle for a restaurant with a retractable rooftop.  Check out the places you can go Garden Dining in NYC, Broadway Bites is definitely one of our favorite reasons to go to Midtown.  Check out some of the delicious eats we had from a few of the awesome vendors.

Have a favorite vendor at Broadway Bites?  Let us know., Well, just because. Fried chocolate chip and vanilla cookie dough with a pretzel crust., Who wouldn't want a personal chef to cook them dinner?  KitchenSurfing brings everything needed and cooks right in your own home - They bring it, they cook it, clean up and are our in a flash. - Take a peek at our recent KitchenSurfing Experience.

And don't forget this might be a fantastic idea for Father's Day!, It is hard to find delicious Vegan Ice Cream that doesn't have an overpowering taste of Coconut or Banana.  Well the Three Little Birds Ice Cream in NYC has solved the problem.  Check out our interview with Three Little Birds and find out more about this Made in NYC business, Our favorite recipes are the ones that we get from our mothers.  This family recipe was called the "skating recipe" because mom made it after the kids got home from the rink

Do you have a favorite family recipe that you wouldn't mind sharing?  Let us know cause we would love to try making it., Get your "Things to do this Summer Checklist," out because here are some sweet music festivals happening this Summer that are all within a short drive of NYC!, Big Apple Barbecue Block Party returns to Madison Square Park –June 13th & 14th. Be sure to come hungry because the pitmasters will be making insane dishes, Sure the 4th of July is about our nation’s independence, fireworks and patriotism, but just like other holidays, it’s also all about the food!, How about a little French/Japanese joy in the East Village?  Have you been to Bara Restaurant yet?  Check out our recent visit along with pics of some of the mouthwatering food you will find at Bara., There are so many sushi options in NYC but how about making your own?  Check out our Simple Sushi Recipe - Give it a try and let us know how you make out., Get Your Friday Night Lights on with a Shabbat dinner from OneTable NYC - Check out all the different options available, Are you drinking your Watermelon?  Maybe you should start.  Check out our interview with the founders of H2Melon and see what their product is all about., Some of us grew up at the beach, eating sandy sandwiches while anxiously waiting for the ices guy to come by.  All that experience has led us to a complete list of things you will need for a day at the Beach in NYC., We spend a lot of time, at the Eat Up New York office, discussing...New York.  Not just food but anything and everything that is happening in this city we love.  Perhaps it was Tito Friday that brought out the inspiration, but in any event here are 20 little known facts about New York City that we wanted to share - Check em out., You only have a limited time to find a Spring Chicken at your local Farmer's Market.  Take a look at our recipe for a whole roasted Poussin Dinner., Recent College Grad?  Interning in NYC and have no money?  Check out our list of Cheap Eats in NYC, Classic French Cuisine at Midtown's Le Perigord.  Take a look at our recent visit to the Le Perigord., Looking for something fun to do this weekend?  Check out FIGMENT NYC at Governors Island, Weekend of June 6th and 7th.  This is definitely a family friendly experience, Saturday June 13th at Webster Hall is the 2nd Annual Better Booze Festival.  All food and drinks at this event are #Vegan - Take a look at what it's all about., Healthy Happenings in NYC This Weekend | June 5-7., Check out some great places to grab a bite to eat for Lunch on the Upper East Side., A Behind the Kitchen Interview with the Chef & Owner of Rockin Raw, Tere Fox.  Find our how Rockin Raw started, originally in Brooklyn, and what the future plans are for the summer., Shack Shack back where it belongs, and where it all began, Madison Square Park.  We Went, We Ate, We Conquered - Check out our visit, Father's Day is quickly approaching.  Have you made your reservations yet?  Check our our list of places to bring Dad for his big day., Anyone that commutes to work, on public transportation, knows all the different types of people you will see on a given day.  I don't know about you but I have even made up back stories to some of the characters I see - Take a look at our list of 6 types of people we see on our daily commute., Having seen the gooey delicious pictures all over Instagram we had to check out the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookies for ourselves.  Check out Levain Bakery on the Upper West Side., I always wanted to know more about Vegan and Paleo Eating - Check out the write up done by our Healthy Eater on the difference and similarities of these two food movements., We first saw this Grilled Chicken Paillard Recipe when it was prepared by Daphne Oz on The Chew.  It was the episode where Eat Up New York was in the audience!   Take a look at the recipe along with how we did preparing this dish., Have you been to West 26th Street lately?  If not, then you should definitely go check out all of the food options that have appeared from 5th Avenue to 7th Avenue.  Check out our lunch at Grey Bar & Restaurant, Planning Healthy meals can sometimes be difficult.  Well Kitchen Therapy NYC makes Healthy Meals easy by delivering them right to you door, You worked hard all week long to eat Healthy and Exercise...right?  Well either way, don't throw it all away now that the weekend is here.  There are plenty of awesome, and free, events right in NYC to get your blood flowing - Check out our list of Healthy Happenings in NYC this weekend., Forget waiting in line to get into Umami Burger in the Village - We are headed to Hudson Eats at Brookfield Place - Food Court in Battery Park City.  Check out some of the other vendors you will find., Dad's are hard to shop for.  Don't wait until the last minute to do your Father's Day shopping.  Check out our write up of Great Gift Ideas for Dad., We were psyched to hit 10,000 followers on Instagram and celebrated by chowing down on this Shake Shack Burger.  This picture was recently featured by  Spoon University on their Burger feature.  

Are you following us on Instagram?  Head over there and give Eat Up New York a follow, We love outdoor food markets (can you tell?) and we are psyched that Broadway Bites is returning June 1st - Here is our list of treats that we are going to seek out on June 1st., We keep hearing more and more about GMOs and wanted to find out more about them.  Take a look at our write up about about GMOs and let us know what you think.  Will you steer clear of Genetically Modified Foods?, We are all a little guilty of spending too much time in the same neighborhoods.  Well if you aren't getting to the Upper West Side, you should.  Check out our list of places to go for lunch on the Upper West Side., Today especially, we honor the sacrifices our country's men and woman have made to protect our freedom. We thank you all!, There are some great options for staying fit in NYC this summer.  Whether you’re looking for a full body boot camp or a more relaxing, meditative class, there are endless options around the city - Take a look at our list., We were recently invited to check out the new lunch menu at Pounds and Ounces in Chelsea.  We had a pretty delicious time.  Take a look at the Surf and Turf Burger featured in our write up., A Great Networking Lunch centered around connecting people working in the Health & Wellness Industry. Body Local was the organization that brought us together and we look forward to some of their future events. Take a look at what it was about.., Late Night Sweets and Ice Cream on the Upper East Side.  Check out our visit to The Sweet Shop NYC, There are a lot of things going on in NYC this summer.  Our Eat Up New York Healthy Eater put together a list of events and activities that caught her eye., Whether you are planning a three day weekend or just prepping for an awesome stay at home brunch you will definitely need some Sangria.  Here are two of our favorite Easy Sangria Recipes that are sure to make your day a bit brighter., Brunch and a Drag Show...at an Italian Restaurant.  Welcome to the weekend in NYC, Rockin Raw definitely rocked the socks off our Eat Up New York Healthy Eater.  Check our her recent visit., A restaurant paying sustainable living wages and serving some pretty awesome food-  Colors Restaurant is owned and operated by their workers.  Healthy Comfort Food., Bringing the Potato Game to a whole new level - The Burlap Sack Potato Eatery in Murray Hill - Check out our recent visit, We hit the Union Square Farmers Market to check out the Spring Produce for our Ramp Pesto Recipe.  You should get to your local market soon before the Spring Produce is gone!, I know it's hard to believe, but there is a three day weekend coming!  It seems like we haven't had one of those is a long while.  Memorial Day is one of our favorites because it means Summer is right around the corner.  Take a look at some fun things you could be doing this Memorial Day weekend., Clean Plates strives to make it easier for you to eat Healthy Food and enjoy it at the same time.  We go Behind the Kitchen to interview the creator and Co-Author of Clean Plates, Jared Koch., We found three of our favorite Food Truck Obsessions at the Village Voice Choice Streets Event held earlier this month.  Take a look at all the tasty treats we got to eat!, I see mini cupcakes all over NYC, but mini cupcakes with alcohol in them...sign me up.  Prohibition Bakery makes delicious treats that would be excellent to bring as a gift or to eat at home all by yourself!, We are already planning ahead for Father's Day because restaurants get booked pretty quick.  Check out our list of places to bring Dad for his special day., Our Behind the Kitchen Interview with Chef Nestor Moina from Pergola Restaurant in the Flower District, Celebrating Burger Month with an amazing Burger Crawl at Delmonico's Kitchen and The 21 Club - Check it out, The Peacefood Cafe delivered so much more than a delicious meal., We are working on our PhD in Whiskey - We are pouring over all the research to help you sort out every glass - Find out the differences between Bourbon, Scotch & Whiskey, Spring Fling at Pergola  - Mediterranean Restaurant & Lounge in the Flower District, Looking for something to do this weekend?  Check out some fun things going on in NYC May 16th & 17th -, Is Free Giveaway Thursday a thing? Well, if it's not we are going to be making it a thing tomorrow!! We'll be hanging around Madison Square Eats starting at 12:15pm with some free swag to giveaway!!, We spend a lot of time on Instagram (and if you aren't following us yet...you should @EatUpNewYork).  Sometimes when we can't decide on lunch we let our #EatUpNewYork Instagram feed help us pick - Check out Uma Temakeria, Work from Om offers Yoga, Meditation, seminars, and corporate events right in your office.  And check out the Uptown Yoga Festival this Saturday (May 16th) - Details are in our article...Check it out, Dating can be tough.  Dating with no money can be even more of a challenge.  Here is our list of places you can go on a first date without having to take out a loan - Check them out

Do you have a favorite first date restaurant?  Let us know about it so we can go check it out., We totally dig an outdoor food market and couldn't be happier to revisit one of our favorites - Madison Square Eats - Check out our recent visit, We take Brunch pretty seriously at Eat Up New York.  We were pretty psyched when Pizza Beach started serving Brunch so we had to go and check it out for ourselves..., What is Middleterranean?  Find out from our interview with Chef Efraim Nahon from Taboon., We are all about food delivery - Sad to say we even have breakfast delivered every now and then.  The Eat Up Crew has been experimenting with some new food apps and had some pretty nice lunches delivered to us via OrderAhead - Check out what we got and more about the app, There are some great shows filmed right here in NYC that are pretty easy to snag a ticket to - Check out our recent visit to The Chew, French Senegalese food at the Ponty Bistro in Gramercy.  Take a look at our recent dinner there, We have been to The Seed's monthly markets before and were excited to check out their first popup dinner.  Check out the delicious food prepared by Chef Daphne Cheng, The Crew has been hard at work trying to figure out what to buy their moms for Mother's Day.  Here is our list of great gift ideas.

What are your plans for Mother's Day?  Let us know, Our list of places to go in NYC for Taco Night - From Date Night, to Booze Night or Girls Night Out - We have you covered.  Do you have a favorite taco place you want us to know about?  Let us know so we can go check it out., Mother's Day is right around the corner and we hope you have something nice planned for Mom - If you are all out of ideas here is our list of places to go in NYC for Mother's Day - Check it out., Finding the perfect outfit is one thing - Finding a tailor to alter it is something else entirely - Here is our list of the Best Tailors in NYC, You still have time to plan out your Cinco de Mayo festivities.  Don't forget to check out our picks for places to go, Our Behind the Kitchen series brings us back to the Lower East Side to talk to the Chef behind Mezetto - Chef Bahr Rapaport, For some reason a drink with a view goes down so much smoother.  Now that the weather is finally cooperating in NYC we put together a list of our picks for Rooftop Bars - Check them out

Do you have a favorite rooftop bar?  Let us know about it., Clearly we have been embracing all things delivery in NYC.  And thank goodness there are plenty of opportunities for delivery of food.  Check out Farmigo which brings the farmers market to you, We take our Burgers and Beers very seriously.  These are our 'go-to' places in Westchester - Check them out, Behind the Kitchen Interview with Bill Telepan - Owner & Chef of Telepan and the Executive Chef of Wellness in the Schools, It looks like we find an addition to our list of places that are worth waiting in line for - Westville.  Read about our recent visit, There are a lot of food trucks out there doing some pretty amazing things. Here are three food trucks that you should definitely look for this Spring and Summer. Do you have a favorite food truck? Let us know what and where so we can go check it out., Check out our article for a special offer: $20 off a Munchery Purchase - Hurry because the referral code is only good through the end of April!﻿, Zucchini Gratin makes a great side to any main course. You can also serve it with some farro or even brown rice to make a gluten free meal.  Check out our recipe, This is more than an Instagram Love Affair.  We are wild about Untamed Sandwiches and find ourselves following them around like the Grateful Dead.  Thankfully they have a brick and mortar shop in Midtown - Check out our recent visit to Untamed Sandwiches, The Wellness Market returns for a second year in Brooklyn on April 25th - With a focus on Start-Up's, The Wellness Market will feature Health Conscious, organic, eco-friendly and vegan vendors - Learn more about it here., Munchies?  Late Night Food Cravings?  Ever wonder where you can get some good food late night in NYC?  Check out our list of go-to late night places to get good grub.  Do you have a favorite late night food spot?  Let us know., Home delivery of Healthy, ready to cook, farm fresh meals - Noodles made from Vegetables - HungryRoot - Check out a recent tasting event we attended at The Little Beet Table in NYC, Our Pizza Quest brings us to Hudson Street in the West Village.  Check out our recent visit to Pizzetteria Brunetti and all the delicious food we devoured., We had so much fun at the first ever Atwood Social.  The folks at Atwood Kitchen and Bar really put on quite a food and beverage show - Check out our write up, You definitely need more broth in your life!  Spring has Sprung and it's time to step up your health game - Check out our recent visit to Indie Fresh in the Gotham West Market - Paleo Friendly cusine, Our Sustainable Eater has recently gotten hooked on Food Podcasts.  She listens to them all the time.  Here is her food podcast playlist - Check them out., You may know Bluestone Lane from their Coffee but did you know about the Bluestone Lane Collective Cafe down in the West Village?  Take a look at our recent visit to this Healthy Lunch/Brunch spot., I think we found a reason for the locals to go to Times Square - It's called City Kitchen.  Check out our recent lunch trip to Midtown's newest Food Hall., Mojito Season is back and we are happy to bring you our list of the Best Mojitos in NYC.  Do you have a favorite Mojito spot you want us to know about?  Let us know - We would love to hear from you., Our Eat Up New York Fashion Eater went to town putting together a spring outfit guide fitting for the Kentucky Derby.  You should definitely be dressed to the nines while watching the Derby from your favorite Manhattan hot spot., We like eating out but sometimes we just want to eat a good meal while sitting in our pajamas. Munchery provides Chef Cooked Meals that are delivered right to your door. Check out our article on Munchery. There is a referral code included which can get you, and a friend, $20 off a Munchery Purchase - Hurry because the referral code is only good through the end of April!﻿, Oh What a Night!  Dinner at Carbone, in Greenwich Village, was an experience and we did out best to chronicle every single bite.  Take a look at all the delicious food we ate, Eat Up New York goes 'Behind the Kitchen' with Chef Susan Burdian of the Flatiron Room - Find out more about what it is like to be a Chef in NYC, Seasonal Eating at Market Table NYC - Comfortable Setting with some delicious menu options.  Not to mention it happens to be a great people watching spot in the West Village - Check out our recent visit, Sometimes we think the hype of waiting in line is bigger than what you are actually waiting in line for.  Well we lined up around to NYC to see what was actually worth waiting for - Take a look at our list, Meredith, our Sustainable Eater, gets so excited when she knows the lunch delivery is en route. There may even be a little skipping that goes on right before Lunch arrives....  Well she was definitely happy when her lunch from Hungery NYC arrived - Check it out, School isn't for everyone but when the topic is wine I am pretty sure we can all make an exception.  We did extensive research in an effort to bring you three pretty cool wine tasting classes in NYC - Check them out, Famous for their healthy prepared, pre-packaged foods, EXKi’s original idea was quite simple: create a quick-casual restaurant using only fresh and natural ingredients.  Check out our recent visit to EXKi, We had so much fun eating on the Lower East Side at Mezetto.  "With a bistro-meets-tavern vibe, Mezetto puts a modern and creative twist on the traditional."  Check out our recent visit and all the delicious food we ate!, Ordering Bourbon can be a bit intimidating if you have never done it before.  Here is our handy guide to get you on track to ordering up a bourbon.  You will be ordering like a pro before you know it., Black Tap is downtown's newest burger joint offering up Craft Burgers & Beer in Soho - Check out all the delicious food we ate on our recent visit to Black Tap, Another Cinco de Mayo Event to put on your list - We are fans of Oficina Latina - Check out the Eat Up New York website for our review and Behind the Kitchen article on Oficina Latina, Sometimes that late morning internet search for lunch delivery ends with sadness.  We just couldn't decide what we wanted to order...so we actually left our desks and ventured outside to Forcella Pizza on Park Ave.  And boy are we happy we did!, We are excited to announce the launch of our Eat Up New York Job Board! Jobs are already being posted to it and awaiting your application. Also, for a limited time, we have made posting jobs FREE!, Whether you live in NYC, or are just visiting, there are some pretty cool things to be found if you know where to look.  Here are three awesome cooking classes being offered in NYC.  Besides cooking up some great food, these classes are a lot of fun - Check them out, Something smokey delicious happening in Hell's Kitchen.  Check out our recent visit to Taboon, We are always sad to see some of the classic NYC spots disappear - The corner of MacDougal and Bleecker Streets will never be the same since the closing of Caffe Dante -, Cinco de Mayo is right around the corner and NYC sure knows how to celebrate.  We have put together some great options for Cinco de Mayo events in NYC - Check them out here., We might have cried a little bit, at the end of last seasons Smorgasburg, because Mofongo had been sold out by the time we got there.  We were so psyched to have recently been invited to the 2nd Annual Mofongo launch party and are looking forward to seeing them again at Smorgasburg - Check out what's new with Mofongo, Dinner at Adalya, in Gramercy Park, serving up delicious Mediterranean plates - The cocktails hit the spot too.  Check out all the great food we ate on our visit to Adalya -, We previously introduced you to the new menu at Pounds and Ounces and now we bring you Behind the Kitchen to meet Chef Margaret LaVetty.  Learn more about this creative chef and what inspires her., Our Eat Up New York Healthy Eater has put together some great suggestions for a healthy way to spend Passover this year.  She helps you power through the Matzah malaise - Check out the great ideas and recipes for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner, We had so much fun eating at Madison Square Eats last year that we can't wait for it to reopen.  Check out what you can expect to find at Madison Square Eats and what we will be eating very soon!, Doesn't matter what season it is, we are always in the mood for French Onion Soup.  Yes, we are those people eating onion soup in the middle of summer.  Here is one of our favorite recipes for Homemade French Onion Soup, Authentic Middle Eastern Food found at Mirage Kitchen. Shawarma sandwiches, kebabs,falafel and more.  And definitely check out the Chick Pea Fries, We are big fans of markets - Both indoor and outdoor markets.  We love to walk around and marvel at the food and, of course, eat along the way.  Check out the list of our favorite NYC Food markets, We certainly hope you are getting a tax refund - And if you are we certainly hope you spend that refund wisely...on Food.  Here is our short list of expensive food options that you can blow your tax refund on - Which one would you pick if money was no object?, Irvington is a new market to table restaurant, right off of the Union Square, where they source most of their ingredients.  Check out our write up along with all of the delicious photos!, Who doesn't like being rewarded?  How about being rewarded for eating?  Take a look at some of our favorite lunch spots and the food app reward programs they are offering their customers, It's not too late to plan an Easter Brunch in NYC.  Check out our picks for Easter Brunch Spots in NYC - Eat Up New York, Eat Up New York Crew getting WastED at Blue Hill - No, it's not what you think - Blue Hill Restaurant, in Greenwich Village, was transformed into a limited run pop-up centered around creating meals from typically WastED food, What could be better than Buns & Ramen? Eat Up New York visits one of the most popular spots in the East Village - Check out Momofuku Noodle Bar, Morton's Grill steaks its claim to a Park Avenue South Location.  Casual spot, nice bar, and menu options for everyone.  Check out our recent visit, You may have been to The Chester in the Meatpacking District but did you know they opened up another location in Midtown?  Check out our recent Lunch visit to The Chester in Midtown, Our Eat Up New York Healthy Eater takes a look at the healing practice of Functional Medicine.  Check out what it is all about and where you can find it in NYC, A New Healthy Meal Delivery Service in NYC.  Have no time to shop at the Union Square Market?  Well, we may have a solution for you - The first farm to table seasonal healthy meal delivery service in Manhattan - Check it out here and be sure to let Lauren know that you read about it on Eat Up New York!, Something for everyone at this Italian eatery in Soho.  Italian Comfort Food served up at Galli - They also have a location on the Lower East Side.  Check out what we ate on a recent visit, We went, we saw, we ate - Eat Up New York at the Village Voice Choice Eats Event.  Great running into some old friends and meeting some new ones.  And the food and drink samples didn't hurt either.  Have an event you want to see us eat at? - Let us know - We bring our own Forks., Chefs Cycle for No Kid Hungry Campaign.  While we usually like to see chefs in their kitchens, we think this is a pretty cool event to raise money to help end child hunger in America.  Check it out here., We were told that Barrio Chino, on the Lower East Side, had the best Spicy Margarita in NYC...well, we had to go and find out for ourselves. We hit Barrio Chino for Brunch to sample their drinks and Mexican grub - Check out our recent vist, We were very excited to get a preview of the new menu at Pounds and Ounces in Chelsea.  New items include Ahi Tuna Nachos (yes we said Nachos),  Moroccan Meatballs, and Osso Buco like we have never had before.  Check out the write up of our recent visit, Keeping with the four questions we went on a hunt to find four places in NYC where you can have a Passover Seder at a restaurant.  From Traditional to fusion - Check out these great NYC options available for your Passover Seder, Our Eat Up New York Healthy Eater had a great time at the NYC Vegetarian Food Festival that was held at the Metropolitan Pavilion in Chelsea.  Vegetarian Restaurants, Products and a ton of educational information. See what it was all about, Mediterranean Cusine at Balzem in Nolita - Their contemporary Mediterranean menu offers options for everyone - From Tapas, Pizza, Fish, Meat - Happy Hour offered 7 days a week along with a large selection of wine & beer options.  Check out our recent visit to Balzem, Seafood joy found in the heart of the Meatpacking District.  You can still bring your meat-loving friends but seafood is definitively the highlight of the menu - Check out our recent trip to Catch, Our NYC Pizza quest continues with a late night stop at Pizza 33 NYC - They definitely offer up a giant slice of pizza - Check out our recent visit.  Tell us what your favorite NYC Pizza spot is so that we can add it to our list - #EatUpNewYork, Where can you have Easter Dinner in NYC?  Three Easter Dinner options - From Italian in Queens, to Japanese from Chef David Bouley or perhaps the regular dinner menu at Telepan - We are not suggesting you skip Brunch - We just wanted you to be prepared for dinner as well -, Comedy Night at The Village Underground in Greenwich Village.  The event is being presented by the GCSHP Brokers Partnership to support the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation - Get your tickets right here...., Ice Cream and Booze?  Sign me up please.  Check our our Behind the Kitchen interview with the founder of Tipsy Scoop.  Learn how Tipsy Scoop got started, how social media has helped them grow, and where you can find this New York treat., Here is a shoutout to all the Peanut Butter Lovers out there - Four Simple Ingredients for making Healthy Peanut Butter Cookies.  Easy to make and quick to bake  #EatUpNewYork, Now that the snow has finally melted away it's time to start thinking about some Spring Travel Plans.  We have put together a list of our favorite travel bags that are perfect for those weekend getaways, We made a return trip to Upland NYC to sample some of the other items on their menu - Check out what we think you should definitely be ordering at this Park Avenue South hotspot, Local, seasonal, sustainable and organic foods are on the menu at Chalk Point Kitchen.  Check out our recent visit to this Soho hotspot, We all spend way too much time on our smart phones.  We have tried to spend some smart time, on our smart phones, with these "go-to" food and drink apps.  Check out some of our favorites here., A Beer Dinner!  The folks at Untamed Sandwiches are in the midst of their 4 part beer dinner series - The dinner menu is inspired by the beers being featured that night.  Eat Up New York was at the last Beer dinner and it was awesome - There are 2 more opportunities coming up so check our our write up -, Our very own Eat Up New York Healthy Eater was interviewed on one of her favorite Podcasts - Open Sky Fitness. Rob Dionne from Open Sky Fitness does a great podcast and Julie was probably his best guest ever! Check it out, We take Brunch very seriously at Eat Up New York - Here is a great Brunch option, in the Gowanus section of Brooklyn, that has Pickles, Craft Beer, Vegetarian and Gluten Free options.  No meat here but we think you will find something to quench your thirst and satisfy your cravings - Fried Pickles...Frickles!, You have seen them at Smorgusburg but have you been to the Schnitz at their Lower East side location?  We are all about small businesses in NYC and this family run businesses brings us the Schnitz - Check it out, Oxido - A new Mexican Burrito Bar brings a Fresh New approach.  Everything is made from scratch using Natural and Free Range Meat & Poultry - There are Vegetarian options as well - Check out our recent visit to this new spot, What a surprise The Stand Comedy Club was - Not just for the Comedy show but for the Food!  Tuna Cannoli's, dumplings, lobster eggrolls and more - Check out our recent visit, Vegetarian Fast Food doesn't sound like a combination that goes together, but it can, and it does, when the talent from Two Tablespoons is behind the cooking. Think summer rolls and Glass Noodle Salads (summer), Gluten Free Mac & Cheese (fall), Hearty Bean Chillis and Loaded Potatoes (winter).  Two Tablespoons has some exciting things on the horizon - Check it out here...., French Bistro in the East Village hit the spot.  This quaint restaurant offers up something for everyone - Le Village offers Gluten Free, Vegetarian, Vegan and meat options.  The onion soup was off the charts delicious.  Check out our recent visit, The Chelsea location of 16 Handles is now offering some pretty delicious breakfast options.  While we always thought Fro-Yo was a great idea for breakfast, 16 Handles also adds some other traditional breakfast options to the mix - Check out our recent visit, Our Eat Up New York Healthy Eater is a huge fan of Mediterranean Food and she could think of no finer place to celebrate her birthday than Ilili on Fifth Avenue.  Check out what she had that made her birthday extra special, Story is a retail concept that “takes the point of view of a magazine, changes like a gallery and sells things like a store.”  Check out our recent visit to this 10th Avenue shopping experience, We are pretty amazed by the people that can function without breakfast.  We can't get our engines started without coffee and something to eat.  One of our crew provided us with the secrets to her Healthy Breakfast Burrito which keeps her going until lunch - Check it out. - Let us know what you do for breakfast to keep you from going bananas until lunch...., March Madness in NYC - We have put together a list of places for you to watch the games, eat some great food, and join in on the Madness.  Even if you aren't a basketball fan you can still Eat Up New York!, We are all about Diners - Can't get enough of them.  We could eat breakfast all day long...and sometimes we do.  Greenwich Village is home to some great old school Diners - Check out our write up of La Bonbonniere on Eighth Avenue, Part of our 'Behind the Kitchen' Series featuring our recent trip to the East Village to sit with the brain behind the very popular Pop Karma.  This High Quality Handmade Health Snack should definitely be on your list.  We could eat popcorn all day...and we usually do! - Check it out, Cooking Steak in an Apartment is always an adventure.  Seems like when one apartment starts cooking everyone else in the building gets to enjoy every scent without getting a single bite.  Well here is an easy steak marinade recipe that will definitely get your neighbors salivating, We do like to run but sometimes it take a little bit of motivation, especially in the winter.  Juice Press is offering up some motivation to get you out and running....Free Juice.  Check out what their #WillRunForJuice program is all about...then put on your sneakers and hop to it!, We are always here to help with your Weekend Brunch Planning.  Last weekend we had a family trip to Ellary's Greens in the West Village.  Check out what we ate so you will be prepared come Brunch Time!, We have been having way too much fun at the Gotham West Market in Hell's Kitchen.  Burgers, Ahi Tuna Tacos and more!  Check out our recent visit to Genuine Roadside in the Gotham West Market, Today seems like a perfect day to talk Bourbon. We have done the homework for you and are happy to offer this Bourbon 101 - Bourbon is happening all of NYC and this intro-guide should help you with what you need to know to join the fun.﻿, Clearly we love to Eat, but we also try to be health conscious while we are busy Eating Up New York - We happened to meet a fascinating woman at a recent event and asked if we could interview her for our Website.  She is a Health Coach, among other things, and was kind enough to provide our readers with some great tips to keep, or perhaps start, on a good health track - Check it out, We have begun a Pizza Quest and the first stop was at Garlic New York Pizza Bar  on the East Side. The Sautéed Eggplant was a definite favorite - Check out our recent visit -, Back to Brooklyn for awesome authentic Mexican Food in Bushwick - Check out our write up of Tortilleria Mexicana Los Hermanos, Boy has this winter been rough!  Hard to stay on track eating well when you are stuck inside with bottles of wine and cookies.  Here are some of our favorite NYC based Healthy Food Blogs - Check it out, We love talking about New York City Pizza and enjoy hearing differing opinions - Where have you found your favorite pizza?, It takes a lot to open up a small business anywhere.  Opening a small business in NYC can be even more complicated - We go behind the scenes with Lee, from Stieber's Sweet Shoppe, to talk about her experiences getting her amazing candy store off the ground - 

Do you have a small business in NYC that you want us to know about?  Let us know -, We have fun on Facebook everyday but we also have fun on Instagram - 

Check out our top ten pictures posted to #EatUpNewYork including the 5,000th post to the Hashtag!

Don't forget to head over to Instagram and follow @EatUpNewYork, We could eat Pizza for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.  And clearly, New York City Pizza is our favorite. But what makes NYC Pizza so good?, We have been spending a lot of time in Brooklyn lately.  The Pine Box Rock Shop hosts the Vegan Shop Up where we found ourselves saying "Yeah Dawg," all over the place! Yeah Dawg's are unique because they are the only soy and gluten free dawg to hit the market. - Check it out, The Sampler in Bushwick Brooklyn definitely delivered on their amazing sampling of Craft Brews.  Check out our recent vist, A Gourmet Chicken Finger Restaurant - Sticky's advises that their chicken is Fresh, antibiotic free and hormone free - We can tell you that their chicken is pretty damn good and their fries are awesome.  And can we talk about their huge selection of sauces?  Check it out..., We were pretty crushed when the podcast Serial ended and have been searching to fill the void.  Check out the list of our top favorite health and wellness themed podcasts., New Yorker's know how to tough it out.  We know how to commute in cramped spaces, wait in line for doughnuts, weave in and out of sidewalk tourists (because no native would dare walk three across on the sidewalk!).  We know how to order lunch from a place that's in the lobby of our office building, and have it delivered - We also know how to make 49 square feet of an apartment bedroom feel like a palace - Ok, maybe not a like a palace but perhaps feel like a really comfy prison cell with no bars...well maybe the windows have bars - but you know what i mean, Part of our Behind the Kitchen Series featuring Chef Guy Vaknin and his expanding Beyond Sushi empire- Now with 3 locations around NYC - Check out what it's all about -, While we consider every week Restaurant Week, NYC Restaurant "week" is back from February 16h through March 6th.  Here is what we will be eating during this food bonanza.  What will you be eating?  Let us know how you make out., We spent some time at 30 Rock - No we weren't invited to the SNL 40th Reunion show but we did hang out at a taping of Late Night with Seth Meyers.  Plus we snuck in a quick trip to Magnolia Bakery along the way, All we need are Juice Boxes (I mean boxes of wine) and Netflix to get us through the next few cold days.  We may venture out for Brunch here and there but otherwise we will be firmly planted watching these great foodie flicks on Netflix - Check them out, The Eat Up New York Crew was very impressed with Julie, our Healthy Eater, for tackling the Whole30 Diet - She did an amazing job and chronicled her experiences on our website.  This is her last installment as she looks back on her experiences with the Whole30, Doesn't matter if you are stuck inside because of the cold - All you need is an ample supply of Pastries & Cookies, and we have just the place for you in the Village -, In case you missed them on Instagram, here are our sweet homemade treats (except for the doughnuts which were just too awesome to leave out). Don't forget to head over to Instagram and follow EatUpNewYork, Nothing says Happy Valentines Day like some delicious chocolates & sweets. So without further ado, here are some delicious sweets & chocolates that were posted to #EatUpNewYork this week., Chocolate Dessert in NYC is a big deal and we have done a lot of research on this topic.  Safe to say that our work is never done, and we will continue eating Chocolate everywhere we go, but we had to pause for a moment to bring you some of our recent favorite places for some awesome chocolate, No matter what day of the week it is, we are always thinking about Brunch.  Doc Watson's, an Irish Pub, on the Upper East Side has Great Brunch options with Drink Specials!, We are pretty fortunate that NYC has some awesome places to satisfy a sushi craving.  Read about a recent visit to BondSt in Noho, We are already thinking about Happy Hour and, considering the never-ending cold, we are thinking jeans, boots, and fried chicken.  Duke's doesn't disappoint with their half off Appetizer Happy Hours during the week -, El Colmado, at the Gotham West Market, in Hells Kitchen - Spanish Tapas and Wine Bar. Delicious snacks, bites and small plates beautifully prepared, There are endless possibilities on what to put in Overnight Oats. Here are the   basics of what you definitely need to get started, Craving for Thai food satisfied - We were brought to spicy tears of joy by the Stir-fry.  Check out the Eat Up New York Field Trip to Ruay Thai on 2nd Avenue, Check out our visit to the Evening Bar inside the Smyth Hotel in Tribeca.  And please don't tell too many people about the fireplace...we don't want to give away all of our warm and toasty spots in the city this winter!, Banc Cafe, in Murray Hill, has a good drink menu ranging from specialty cocktails to craft brews and sangria. Late night the bar gets going and is the perfect place to find warmth and get away from the crowds. Also a good place for a date night - Check out what we ate..., Check out our visit to ABC Cocina in Union Square - The Sister Restaurant to ABC Kitchen - We are still salivating over the sautéed mushroom tacos..., The thought of Indian food can rile up many different emotions for people. Some love it, some despise it, and some just physically cannot handle it. Spice ain’t for everyone…, Beer fanatics, and those who have jumped on the craft beer bandwagon, rejoice! New York City Beer Week is just around the corner, starting on February 20th and lasting until March 1st, with craft beer from regional, national and international breweries., Lucky for you, a bunch of new restaurants are coming to the city in the coming weeks of 2015. You’ll see a lot of French food on the menus, with some other cuisines mixed in. Our goal with this list is to whet your appetite in anticipation of the tantalizing tastes your tongue will soon get to savor. Here’s the inside scoop so you can be the first ones in line (after us, of course!): #EatUpNewYork, So we are big fans of New York...clearly.  We are always on the look out for things happening right under our feet.  Our research led us to 3 NYC businesses that are brewing up some local suds to fill our winter growler thirst.  Check them out, It's never to early to talk about Happy Hour in NYC.  1pm is the new 5pm...maybe even 11am on the weekend.  We have been hard at work researching some cool Happy Hour spots for you - Check out six pretty awesome places that should quench your Happy Hour Thirst in NYC, Who wouldn't like a complimentary Bloody Mary with a Breakfast Burger?  And a side of Fries to keep you smiling all day long - Check out our write up of Locksmith Wine & Burger Bar in Washington Heights, Check out this awesome cookie cake that was sent to us today from FattyCakesNY - What a delicious surprise!, Avocado Toast - It's a thing.  It's a very addictive thing and we can't get enough.  It is all over NYC, most famously on weekend Instagram Feeds. Check out how we Avocado at Eat Up New York, We are ready for the #SuperBowl now that our S'mores cookies are done #EatUpNewYork, Based on the turnout at the last Seed Market event I would imagine they are going to need a larger venue soon.  A lot of interest  in plant-based, cruelty free food, products & services.  Looking forward to the next event in February #Vegan #VeganNYC #theseed, The beginning of our #superbowl party...it all starts here 
#EatUpNewYork, We previously took you Behind the Kitchen at Oficina Latina but now we are taking you out to eat and drink there.  Cocktails, small plates and a really good time - Check out our #EatUpNewYork review, We hung out with them in Brooklyn.  We have been to see them on the Lower East Side.  And now we have completed the circle of love by hanging with Might Quinn's Barbecue in the West Village.  We had a finger licking good time - Check it out, Great Destination in Hell's Kitchen is the Gotham West Market - Check out what it's all about from our recent field trip., The Lower East Side is definitely one of our favorite places to Eat Up.  Such a mix of brand new places blended with some of the oldest institutions NYC has to offer.  Russ and Daughters is one of those "Must Go-To" places on the Lower East Side.  Check it out... Just go later in the morning so we don't get stuck behind you in line!, We had our 3500th post to #EatUpNewYork on Instagram this week!  Check out our top 10 pics of the week from our friends on Instagram who tag us in their pictures.  Don't forget to follow us on Instagram too!, For those with the willpower to stay away from the wings and dips this super, we bring you some  balance and nutrition to your spread....While of course keeping all the flavor., Original Ess-A-Bagel location, in Gramercy, to close this weekend - Not sure how we will fill the hole in our heart from the loss of this neighborhood gem - Check out our Farewell Bagel Love Letter, When the weather gets this cold in NYC we seek out places where we can huddle for warmth and WiFi.  While you have probably been to a few coffee places, that are scattered around the city, you may not have visited any of the specialty Tea shops....Well you should!  Check out our write up of David's Tea in NYC, Because the Super Bowl isn't all about football and commercials - It's about the snacks.  We are here to help you plan out some excellent super snacks that are sure to make your party a hit - Every party should have Pretzel Dogs with a Cheddar Beer Dipping Sauce - What are your favorite Super Bowl snacks?  Let us know!, There is a lot of talk when it comes to NYC Pizza.  Endless debates on whose pizza is better, who has better toppings, better cheese, better crust....Well we are not looking to upset anyone's Pizza cart but we did want to share the wonderful time we had at GG's in the East Village, We spent our "snow" day researching places for you to get awesome chocolate in NYC.  Valentine's Day isn't that far away and we want to help you get a jump on buying the perfect gift.  You can never go wrong with chocolate - Eat Up New York, The table went silent as he chowed down on the Crispy Duck Wings - They were that good at Upland. Eat Along with the Engaged Eater, and her fiancé, as they Eat Up New York - Check it out, Half way through the Whole30 and still going strong.  Check out how our very own Eat Up New York Health Eater has made out and some of the food that has helped her power through
"Whole30 Diet Halfway Mark - No Processed Foods Here" http://bit.ly/1Cug6p6, Perhaps we have too much time on our hands with all the Snow News but we have been putting together a list of the Ultimate Super Bowl Commercials - Check them out - "Super Bowl 2015 Commercials Ultimate List" http://bit.ly/1uVdxMd, "Behind the Kitchen - Senza Gluten, Italian in West Village" 100% Gluten Free Restaurant in the West Village - Beautiful and comfortable setting with delicious options for the Gluten and Gluten-Free Crowd alike, There is some new meat happening in Brooklyn.  Check out the newly opened Hook & Cleaver - A Beefsteak Club in Greenpoint http://bit.ly/1xVMMTi, Vero Wine Bar Uptown - Cute Neighborhood Spot on the Upper East Side. Romantic place for a glass of wine and small, but very tasty, bites, Buffalo Chicken Recipe that will be perfect for your Superbowl Party.  Easy to make and four different ways to present - Check it out, Seasonal Eating in New York City - Not just a passing fad.  There are so many benefits to seasonal eating along with restaurants that are devoting their entire mojo toward it.  Check out what its all about and where you can go in New York City to play along., We found our quiet happy place, in the Chelsea Market, away from the people taking pictures of the interior water fall faucet.  Mokbar brought us lunchtime joy.  And we didn't know how much we needed Ho' Cakes in our lives until we had our first one, Our first 'Behind the Kitchen' Feature - Paolo Votano's Oficina Latina - Check out the back story behind this Soho hotspot, We found our new Home away from Home on Bleecker Street in the Village - Check out our write up of Stieber's Sweet Shoppe - And an added bonus is a coupon for a FREE piece of fudge with your purchase (valid until 1/31/15) - FUDGE!  And, for research purposes, we sampled all the fudge on your behalf, and are pleased to report that all flavors are awesome!, Update!  Goa Taco reached out to Eat Up New York to let us know that the pop-up is going so well that they are staying until the end of February!  So you still have time to get over to this Delancey Street Pop-Up - Check it out, Hummus places have sprouted up all over New York in recent years. And while you can buy a variety pack at Trade Joe's, finding really good handmade Hummus is always worth searching for. Local 92 makes amazing Hummus and they have some pretty awesome cocktails to help wash it down - Check out our write up, GoodKarma Event - Hello World! Beta: Party - Friday January 23 at Lot 45 in Bushwick - This Friday

GoodKarma has some awesome performers lined up for Friday including David Hôhme, Me2Me2, DJ Dirty Looks, JTLG and improvised live sax by Alexander Cummings. 

General Assembly agreed to match 25% of all the money raised to help fund scholarships for women through the GA Opportunity Fund., We are big fans of Trivia Night here at Eat Up New York.  Great way to spend an evening in the city, have some fun, and disconnect from your phone for a little while.  Here is some great information on places you can go for Trivia Night NYC - Check it out, We have all been in the position of having to plan a dinner for a group of people in NYC.  Sometimes just getting started is the hardest part.  We have put together a short guide to help you navigate the process on planning that group dinner., An Eat Up New York field trip to Mission Cantina on the Lower East Side., The continuation of our search for Healthy Lunch Spots in NYC.  The great thing is that Healthy doesn't have to mean tasteless.  We look into two great options that offer delicious Healthy options.  Check it out, Back to Brooklyn for some awesome Clams & Calamari with a delicious red sauce.  Old School Brooklyn is alive and well in Sheepshead Bay -, Beer in NYC might sound like an easy task.  Here are two great beer options to cover you on your commute home from Grand Central, or while hanging out on Thursday night on the Lower East Side - Check out our write up of Beer Table to Go and Top Hops, Sometimes you need to bring something back to the basics.  Here is an easy recipe for making your own Nut Butter that is pretty delicious and healthy at the same time - #EatUpNewYork, In case you missed what we ate this week. Here is a snip it of what happens on our Instagram Feed and in our stomachs!  Don't forget to follow us @EatUpNewYork, First part of our Italian food tour on Bleecker Street in Greenwich Village  Two of our favorite stops are John's of Bleecker Street and Faicco's - There is no such thing as too much cheese.  #EatUpNewYork, The weekend is back and if your feeling like staying inside and in pajamas all weekend give these homemade protein bar recipes a try! You will be thankful you did come Monday morning when your rushing out the door with the Monday blues., We wanted to find out if we could go shopping for dinner at the Grand Central Market - Check out how we made out, Fried Chicken on a Biscuit followed by Awesome Ice Cream - The Eat Up New York Perfect match!  Want to know how to make this magic happen?  Read all about it here..., Here are some beers from the area to try with your favorite local pizza, along with some eateries that serve beer along with a pie. http://bit.ly/1Cn0MIS #EatUpNewYork, The Eat Up New York HealthEater continues her journey on the Whole30 program.  Thankfully we have one person who can stick to her resolutions!  Check out her experiences during week one, and stay turned for more updates., One of our hang out spots on the Upper East Side.  Comfortable, Easy, good food and a nice crowd.  With Wall to wall TV's this is not your go-to romantic date night spot but it is a great after-work or game night place.  Check out our writer up and #EatUpNewYork with us, Even though it is almost mid-January we are still trying to keep up with those New Year's Resolutions.  Here is the first part of our write ups on NYC Healthy Lunch Spots.  Have any other Healthy lunch spots you want to tell us about?  Email us your healthy lunch ideas social@EatUpNewYork.com, Sometimes it's all about the pan - Cast Iron.  Here is the lowdown on the Do's and Don'ts of handling cast iron.  I am a big fan of a pan I don't have to clean!, We were very excited to see something new and beautiful open up on the corner of West 26th and Fifth Avenue.  This area, diagonally across from Madison Square Park, has sat empty for so long.  The Belgian Beer Cafe is great addition to the neighborhood and we look forward to many after work outings there - Check out our write up...#EatUpNewYork, Don't miss Goa Taco, a Lower East Side Taco pop-up.  We were won over by their Brunch Taco - Bacon, Egg, Tomato and basil aioli.  We are hoping that if more people pop in, to this pop-up, that it will be around longer than the end of the month.  Check it out, This week is our first week (with many more to come) where we are going to highlight some of our favorite #EatUpNewYork photos posted to instagram! Check out this weeks favorites and keep on hashtagging your photos!, Here is what you are missing on our Instagram Feed.  All Homemade in the #EatUpNewYork kitchen. Come hang with us on Instagram too!, With winter in full force and effect maybe you have been thinking about Home Delivery of Healthy Food?  We have done some research for you, and have explored four different options for making your healthy meals a reality without having to get off the couch, Any one up for some Nachos, Fish & Chips, 40+ Cold Craft Beers, and much more? Well then check out our recent visit to Taproom No. 307 #EatUpNewYork, A Trip to Chinatown for Soup Dumplings.  There is more to eating these bad boys than you think.  Check out our how to guide to avoid burning your face!  We might be heading there today for a soup warmup., As you continue down your January path of eating better and losing weight, here are some great tips for navigating your local Greenmarket.  We have a resident expert on Greenmarkets, here at Eat Up New York, so if you have a particular question that you think we can help you with, or maybe do some research on, then let us know.  #EatUpNewYork, Reflections of our Christmas spent at the Superiority Burger Pop-Up, which was dreamed up by Brooks Headley the Pastry Chef at Del Posto.  We get the feeling that Superiority Burger will be popping up a lot more in the future - We certainly hope so!, What a "ball" we had at Coney Island's first ever New Year's Eve Ball drop.  We had so much fun that we might go back every year.  Brooklyn Proud, It's Saturday.  It's Cold Outside.  We are thinking....Inside Venue, in Brooklyn, with awesome BBQ.  Found it at Berg'N.  Check it out, Cool Neighborhood store with artisanal foods and beer.  Locally sourced - great selections.  Add this place to your weekend field trip list.  You can bring your own Growler or buy one there.  They have eight draft lines pouring American Craft Beer along with some other hard to find varieties.  And Cheese!  Did I mention they have Cheese!, Maybe you are looking for a jump start to improving your health in 2015? Eat Up New York's very own Health Eater is trying out the Whole30 Program Check out the beginning of her journey and keep an eye out for her updates #EatUpNewYork, We all get comfortable eating the same things and going to the same places.  It's a new year and might be a good time to try some new stuff - branch out (a little).  Here is an interesting concept to make trying some new restaurants easier - It's called City Shuffle - Check out our write up, We can't think of a better time for a love story than New Year's.  How many of you have carried on a romance with a restaurant?  We have, and we are happy to share our experiences.  

We may go into a new area of counseling between people and their restaurants - Helping to bring the love back and spread cheer and joy all around the world...one restaurant at a time.  #EatUpNewYork, We are considering pre-gaming New Year's Eve with some Taco's from the Lower East Side - Seems like a good way to prep for the big event - Hope your last day of 2014 is a great one!  #EatUpNewYork, Still undecided what to cook for New Year's Eve dinner?  Here is an easy and excellent option to feed your group.  Eggplant Parmesan Recipe - Check it out, New Year's Resolutions are right around the corner.  Thinking about eating better?  Or Eating Healthier?  A good place to start might be at Nanoosh (their Madison Avenue Location) where they are now serving breakfast - Check out our write up of this new healthy morning option., From pop up to a full blown sit down restaurant, The Little Beet Table has something for everyone.  Vegetarians and Meat Lovers can share a table without someone feeling left out - Everything they serve is so fresh and vibrant - A true Farm to Table experience, What a great time we had at the New York Botanical Garden Bar Car Night - Read all about it by clicking the image below.  There are still 2 more dates available to see the amazing Holiday Train show while enjoying a cocktail or two - Info on the event and getting tickets are included in our blog., It might have Barbie Dolls on the walls but this bar is definitely not for kids.  Board Games, Snacks, Booze and one of the coolest/strangest bathrooms we have ever seen.  Check out our write up of Boobie Trap in Bushwick Brooklyn, Ok...We told you where you could go for New Year's Eve in the Meatpacking District, Chelsea, Williamsburg and Soho. (check the website and search for New Years Eve)  And we also helped you shop for a new outfit....See below.  But now we are up to the most important tidbits of info for you - Surviving New Years Eve in Times Square.  Here is what you need to know about making it through the biggest New Years Eve Party in the World -, So we went through all different types of places you can go for New Year's Eve in NYC (see prior blog posts on our website) but now we can help you shop for that perfect dress.  Here we have paired dresses with Cocktails.  Are you a Bellini girl, Cosmo, Margarita, or maybe a Dirty Martini girl?  We gotcha covered., At some point or another everyone is from Brooklyn.  Either directly or indirectly you always run into someone that has a connection to this awesome borough.  Since it's the holiday's, and many of you may be traveling to visit family (In Brooklyn), we thought we would give you a little inside scoop on one of our favorite hidden gems in Sheepshead Bay.  The only catch is that you have to keep it a secret and you can't tell anyone that we told you about Anthony's Place - Happy Holiday #EatUpNewYork, Let’s face it, alcohol can bring out the best in you, unless your best is your worst and if thats the case, you most likely will find yourself sitting somewhere on our list of the 5 Worst types of people to party with during New Years Eve., Never Double Dip the Chip..Unless it's your own dip then you should be able to eat it with a spoon.  Here is a great recipe for an easy to make dip to bring to a holiday party, or if you just need an awesome little dip to get through the day., And speaking of the Lower East Side...you can't talk about the Lower East Side without Yonnah Shimmel's & Katz's Deli.  They are New York institutions and great places to check out if you happen to be in NYC for the holiday's - Read all about it., Sometimes you just need a break from the Holiday Shopping and year end turmoil, and we may have found the place for you to escape it all.  Check our our write up of The Derby on the Lower East Side - Waffles, Chicken & Bourbon - Yes Please, With all the over indulgence we have been doing the past few weeks (I mean months) we thought it was time for a healthy holiday option. Check out our #Recipe for a Healthy Holiday Salad, Still need help with Gift Ideas for the Holiday's? Great Gift options for anyone on your list.  Foodies are hard to shop for but these sites make it look easy.  Clink the link to read out writeup, Pasta Flyer pop up until December 20th.  Read all about it and check it out before it pops out.  We hope it comes back soon! Delicious Gluten Free Pasta in six minutes! Pasta Flyer, New York Botanical Garden is the perfect Holiday outing with special events for the winter including: Holiday Film Screenings, Tours, Children's Activities, Famous Holiday Train Show and many more, We had a great time at  Baked Tribeca for their hosted event Dessert-A-Palooka  Wonderful & Delicious Foodie event with all proceeds going to Cookies for Kids' Cancer and Getting Out and Staying Out, Inc. - GOSO 

Participants included: Ovenly   Baked Ideas   Ample Hills Creamery , Dorie Greenspan  Check out our write up -, While I am sure you are deciding if you feel like standing on your feet in Times Square for 5-6 hours with no food, water or restrooms...here are some great New Year's Eve options in the Meatpacking District that might work for you....plus I am pretty sure these three places have food, beverages & bathrooms!  Check them out - Artichoke Basille's Pizza Catch Rooftop Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC, Check out our write up of our most recent experience at Tavern29! Caution: Pictures and Words will make you hungry and want to visit. #EatUpNewYork, Still haven't made plans for New Year's yet? Here are three great bar options in Williamsburg for your New York Year's Eve festivities., We heard about it but never saw it up close and personal...well, here is the skinny (ha!) on the Shake Shack Breakfast at Grand Central.  Even if you don't commute through Grand Central you might want to consider making it part of your morning route! #EatUpNewYork, We know where we are going for Brunch today in NYC - Do you?  Check out the scoop on Sarabeth's and don't forget the stretchy pants!, Breakfast magic happening at #EatUpNewYork.  Homemade Peanut Butter Sandwich cookies. So delicious you can't have just one, Holiday Party Wardrobe Guide - Our Top wardrobe picks to get you through any type of party this Holiday Season. We got you covered, There is something nutty going on at the Bryant Park Winter Village Holiday Market - This Pie Is Nuts - Read all about it., A recipe to warm you up during the cold days with a squash you may not have heard of...yet.  Honeynut Squash Risotto Recipe, Passed this place 100 times and finally stopped in on Sunday to check it out.  What a pleasant surprise.  Awesome sports bar - Good food and great beer options.  Might have been out first visit but won't be the last Rogue, What do you get your parents for the holiday's?  We have some great ideas to help you out.  Check out our Holiday Guide on the Perfect Gifts for your parents., Here is an interesting experience for the native New Yorker's and for tourists.  Interesting concept and we were excited to get an #EatUpNewYork inside look at  EatWith  Not to mention that the food was fantastic and we had a great time meeting new people - Check out our write up., null, Holiday gift ideas at the Columbus Circle Holiday Market. More than just scarves from one of our favorite vendors Susan Bellero.  Check it out, Grilled Cheese kind of a day at Eat Up New York. It's cold, it's Monday and we needed cheese, Old School Italian Favorite in the heart of Greenwich Village.  Great place for the Holiday's and perfect for groups., Something Freshly Familiar about Breads Bakery that keeps us coming back over and over. An #EatUpNewYork favorite. Check it out, null, A Little Eat Up New York #humpday Words to live by!, An #EatUpNewYork love letter to Dough.  Best birthday gift to yourself is a box (or two) of Dough!, Because a Nutella Arancini is always a good idea. We had an #EatUpNewYork awesome time with Arancini Bros, The Vienna Boys Choir will have their opening performance on Sunday, December 14th at 2:00pm at the New York City Theater in the Isaac Stern Auditorium., You definitely need more Tuba in your life.  Check out the 41st Annual Merry Tuba Christmas at Rockefeller Center, For me, it is all about finding the best use for Thanksgiving leftovers that makes me seem like the fat Picasso come 9:30 at night on Thanksgiving., Now that Thanksgiving is over its time to gear up for the Holiday's.  Here are Eat Up New York's Top Holiday Gift Ideas for Foodies.  Happy Shopping!, This is an awesome Hyperlapse Video of the NYC Thanksgiving Day Parade, In case you missed the parade in person, or on TV, here is our highlight reel. Happy Thanksgiving! #EatUpNewYork, Sweet Potato Side...we showed you ours...now it's time for you to show us yours...side dish that is. Head over to Instagram, make sure you follow Eat Up New York, and then post a picture of your favorite Thanksgiving Day side dishes to #EatUpNewYork. We will pick our 5 favorites to send a shirt. Sides only. No turkey.  Happy Thanksgiving!, Thanksgiving prep bowl full of joy!

We want to send you a shirt...no really...we do.  Here is what you have to do...head over to Instagram and find us...EatUpNewYork. Follow us on Instagram and then post your best Thanksgiving side dish picture with #EatUpNewYork.  We are picking our five favorites to send an awesome Eat Up New York shirt and bag. Bring on the side dish pics...no turkeys. Happy Thanksgiving, A great place to slip away for a romantic dinner during the holiday season mayhem. Eat Up New York, Born out of the creative brains behind Dishes, this fairly new eatery promises to upgrade your next lunch (and breakfast) hour, by serving you anything but lousy., Only a little time left until Thanksgiving and, if you haven't already planned your outfit, we have put together a simple guide to help you get through almost any situation.  Check it out, Yes you could stay home and watch Al Roker on TV...or you could head to Rockefeller Center and huddle with the masses - Here is what you need to know if you are going to the NYC Tree Lighting, With the Holiday's quickly approaching we are sharing some of our favorite Holiday Baking recipes.  Do you have a favorite Baking Recipe that you would like to share with us?  Email us your favorite baking recipes to EatUpBaker@EatUpNewYork.com and we will bake & feature our favorites, With over a dozen consistent flavors, as well as seasonal varieties, Dana's Bakery is changing how we traditionally think of the classic French treat, the colorful Macaron., Lemon Meringue doughnut from Dough was awesome.  Wish I had one right now!, This was our marshmallow square right before we dunked it in a delicious hot chocolate.  They were so good!, Cold in New York means Homemade marshmallows.  So so good, We are just a 8 Days away from the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and 7 away from the Pre-Balloon Inflation! Check out our guide for this years 88th Annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!, Something to warm you up on this freezing cold day in New York. This is one of our favorites. Chocolate Chip Biscotti recipe. 

Send us your favorite baking recipes. We will pick our favorites, make them and then feature on Facebook and our website.  Have a favorite cookie recipe?  Favorite cake?  Favorite cupcake?  Email us your favorites social@EatUpNewYork.com, If the cold has you feeling down, then this burger from Hard times sundaes is bound to make it worse. Unless you have one in your hand! #EatUpNewYork #NYC, Check out the new recipe we posted on the EatUpNewYork website - Healthy Easy Pumpkin Pesto Recipe over Zucchini Noodles.  Just when you thought there was nothing left to do with Pumpkins....boom - new recipe from our very own Healty Eater, Our 2014 Guide to the top spots for buying your Thanksgiving Pies has arrived! Our top 3 favorite spots feature Little Pie Company, BAKED, and Magnolia Bakery! #EatUpNewYork #NYC, NYC - Central Park in November, Thirsty Tuesday?  Third Annual Spirits of New York on November 18th - You need to buy tickets...and be over 21, This is the second part of our feature on the Essential NYC Winter Wear for Women.  These are our picks for "must have's" to get you through the cold winter - Boots and Accessories.  Bundle Up New York, Don't forget to head over to Instagram and follow us. There is daily mouthwatering fun happening that we don't want you to miss. #EatUpNewYork, NYC Guide to Essential Winter Wear for women. Part 1 - Outerwear.  A follow up blog will feature NYC Essential Boots and Accessories, We were very excited about our recent visit to the new additional in the Meatpacking District - The Gansevoort Market.  Looking forward to getting back there soon, Pretty cool to get inside the National Arts Club to see this exhibit.  One of those amazing historic buildings in NYC that is worth going to visit while you can.  The National Arts Club is right outside of the beautiful Gramercy Park...still can't get in there without a key, Looking to spice up your pre thanksgiving festivities? Well, Cranksgiving should be on your radar! #EatUpNewYork #NYC #Cranksgiving, Can't wait for COFFEED to open up in Chelsea.  COFFEED, We can't believe it is the middle of November already.  Time to start the Holiday Baking Bonanza in the Eat Up New York kitchen., If you love the smell of food, than be sure to check out the Mentor Young Chef Competition hosted by The ment'or BKB Foundation this Saturday at the The International Culinary Center #EatUpNewYork #NYC, We had an awesome weekend trip to Smorgasburg in Brooklyn - Put together by Brooklyn Flea and here is what we thought..., Great trip to the Gansevoort Market today.  Got to visit with PIG GUY NYC. Check out this Pulled Pork sandwich with House made coleslaw on Texas Toast. We are getting weepy just looking at the picture!, This is one of our Eat Up New York Kitchen favorites.  Homemade Grilled Zucchini & Sautéed Mushroom Throw-Together.  Great dish as the weather gets colder., Amazing construction project at St. Patrick's cathedral.  Looks like new. Will be great when all that scaffold is taken down., Excited the winter village is opening, Homemade Oatmeal Chocolate Chip cookies.  Made right in the #EatUpNewYork kitchen. They were so #delicious!, What are you doing this weekend?  How about the Great Beer Expo on Saturday in Long Island, null, Things are looking up in Midtown #manhattan.  Should be a beautiful day in the big apple., Dare we say we may have found the best Bagel in NY?  We will continue our Bagel quest but for now...the bar has been set.  

Do you think you have the best bagels in NY?  Let us know so we can make sure to add you to our Bagel Crawl list!  Yeah, we have a list for that too, A look inside one of the most popular artwork series  in the subway system! #nyc #subway #art http://bit.ly/1yQxiBV, We had been to Kennedy's several years back.  Good food and great view.  Restaurant is right off the water in Queens - Breezy Point.  Glad to see they rebuilt it and looking forward to checking it out, null, #Awesome #Brunch on such a rainy day in Manhattan. French Toast fruit and #bacon oh my!  #delicious  
#EatUpNewYork, Happy #Halloween and Happy Friday!  #EatUpNewYork, Get out the vote!   Head over to instagram and vote for our featured 16 Handles picture.  We think #EatUpNewYork Handled it #best! 16 Handles, Awesome view of Fifth Avenue from Rockefeller Center rooftop. #EatUpNewYork, Our new cards are in!   Along with our bar swag...coasters, napkins and stirrers.  

And our Eat Up New York T-Shirts came out awesome.  We are running a favorite picture contest on our Instagram feed.  head over to instagram, follow us, and look for the EatUpNewYork card for info on submitting your pics, Halloween sweets in #nyc. Getting ready for the parade on Friday, Big Daddy's Diner day for the #EatUpNewYork crew.  Gramercy location on Park Avenue. Monkey bread is insanely #delicious and addictive. You can't go wrong with pancakes and #chocolate, Stained glass house in Brooklyn Bridge Park by #TomFruin. #brooklyn #manhattan #brooklynbridge #EatUpNewYork, A little filet mignon and porter house. #nyc steakhouse #delicious EatUpNewYork, Margherita #Pizza Pie and #Italian tuna salad #Brooklyn #EatUpNewYork, NYC #streetart on the corner of sixth avenue and 17th Street. #NickWalker #manhattan #nyc #EatUpNewYork, spicy meatballs Mighty Ballsand arancini (rice balls) Arancini Bros, #GoodMorning #NYC.  View from #TopOfTheRock looking south. #Empirestatebuilding #freedomtower.  Have a great week #EatUpNewYork, #Pickleday on the #LowerEastSide. Great turn out and such a perfect day for it!, Woke up hoping Wafels & Dinges was parked out front setting up for an #EatUpNewYork #Breakfast.  This was from yesterday #bdwaybites.  #delicious, We went wild this afternoon at #EatUpNewYork and braved the long line at Dough's new #FlatIron location.  #Perfect end to the week. #Delicious, A walk in the clouds on the #highline. #HellsKitchen section.  We #love #NewYork. Have a great day and don't forget to #EatUpNewYork, #cookbook signing Club Monaco Fifth Avenue. Got to meet Joy the Baker who was absolutely lovely. Hope she enjoyed our Nutella cookies in the cab!, #RockefellerCenter midtown #Manhattan. The calm before the rush of the holiday storm.  #EatUpNewYork, Today is officially best stuff Wednesday at #EatUpNewYork.  It's #TitoTime.  Check out all our new #TitosVodka swag that we can't wait to use!, It was a late night in the #EatUpNewYork kitchen...or maybe it was an early morning.  #Homemade brownbutter black and white donuts.  They came out soooo good.  Awesome #recipe from Joy the Baker, #LittleItaly Cappuccino and Italian cookies hit the spot #EatUpNewYork, #EatUpNewYork  favorite places tour. #popkarma porcini cheddar #popcorn is awesome.  Go check it out on the #LowerEastSide  Pop Karma, A Mozzarella Bar!   On tap from Italy...Bufala Classica. It was delicious. #EatUpNewYork, #Homemade #Chocolate Brownie Saturday in the #EatUpNewYork kitchen. Recipe from Clinton Street Baking Company.  So so yummy!  Best breakfast!, How about some beautiful Seafood Salad to pregame for the three day weekend?   Happy Friday.  #EatUpNewYork, #ProspectPark #Brooklyn #GrandArmyPlaza.  Soldiers and Sailors arch. Happy Thursday! #EatUpNewYork, Eggplant Rollatini Patrizia's Pizza and Pasta. So #Delicious. #EatUpNewYork, Spotted on the streets of  #soho last night was #LuisRosenfeld.  Corner of Spring and Wooster #BurningMan #Manhattan #nyc #Streetart, How about some Sam Adams Fat Jack and a little bit of #pumpkin  pie. Not too bad for a Tuesday in the big apple #EatUpNewYork, Frittata Tuesday at #EatUpNewYork.  Nothing like a #nyc diner to get your day rolling. Have a great day!, Late night/early morning in #nyc.  Hudson River view of the Freedom Tower.  Good Morning New York!  #EatUpNewYork, One of our favorite places in NYC where everyone feels like a kid., I guess this is as close as we will get to a #cronut this #morning   #GoodMorning #NewYork #NYC @DominiqueAnsel http://t.co/vk1YjAPI2G, Homemade spinach mushroom feta crustless quiche. Made in #nyc #EatUpNewYork, Brick oven #pizza from Numero 28 Pizzeria Napoletana. #westvillage #EatUpNewYork, Goodmorning. How about bacon and eggs on a biscuit, #homemade #spaghetti #pie #yum #EatUpNewYork #giadadelaurentiis http://t.co/tVNyVNKNUR, #roasted white elf #mushroom in a #sherry #broth  #lunch #yum #foodie @TheGanderNYC http://t.co/uY0Ke38TAl, Shrimp toast @TheGanderNYC #lunch #dinner #yum #shrimps http://t.co/Bsinmr5Xb4, Happy October 1st!  We are very excited because our newly redesigned website launches this month!   Keep watching and thanks for following. #EatUpNewYork.  www.EatUpNewYork.com, Hudson River sunset., How about a good morning cup of Chocolate chip frozen yogurt with fudge, brownies and a chocolate chip cookie., Salsiccia Dolce. Sweet Italian sausage with Carmelized onions and fresh basil pizza., Don't bother looking for these at #traderjoes.  We bought them all!  So #good #eatupnewyork #delicious #cookiebutter #foodie #getinmybelly, Sunday brunch @FlatironHallNYC   Sashimi tuna tacos.  So good http://t.co/N7NXGXZEYe, Oysterfest at the Maritime Hotel. With The Monarch Room, BLT Fish Shack, Blue Point Brewing, Grass fed beef burger with mushroom ragout and onions.  So hit the spot on a Saturday night, Pre-gaming @hudsonstation in #hellskitchen. #nachos with #liquidgold #cheese sauce. Game on #eatupnewyork, Finally getting #saturday into full swing at #eatupnewyork. #Homemade #chocolate #doughnut. #awesome, #tatertots @doadg with #bacon aged #cheddar and #chives.  An #eatupnewyork #friday #night extravaganza… http://t.co/I4JLhb7GVK, What a #friday at #eatupnewyork.  How about Crispy #Grits with #country #ham and #bourbon #aioli. #wow, I know where #eatupnewyork is going to #lunch today..Maysville on west 26th St.   Pictured here is… http://t.co/gtWEBYIr2e, #rumor has it that the new #Lego store on West 23rd, at #MadisonSquarePark, is opening today at 1pm. Check out this Lego #StatueofLiberty #torch. Store is right next to #eataly, #pumpkin in the #city. It must be #autumn already. Where did the #summer go?  #eatupnewyork, We are Getting Close! Sign Up Below For Updates, Upcoming Giveaways, and Pre Launch Access to the Completely revamped site! http://hubs.ly/y09vpQ0 #EatUpNewYork, #lunch #meeting to plan the relaunch of the #eatupnewyork website @unclebacala    #food was #awesome, We know it's early but we are #starving here at #eatupnewyork.  Already planning #lunch and it… http://t.co/p60MTWhTwy, Oh this happened!  #homemade in the #eatupnewyork kitchen. #homebaked #maple glazed #donuts!  #goodmorning #nyc, One of our #eatupnewyork #peeps waited in line at #pizzasuprema 31st street and 8 ave for this… http://t.co/hz55eFTTud, Walk around #Wednesday in #nyc. #trinitychurch #wallstreet #historic #landmark, After our #homemade #muffin morning we moved on to #potatopia on #sixthavenue.  Curly #fries #chicken… http://t.co/TPmfyARqqr, #homemade #homebaked #Tuesday at the #eatupnewyork kitchen #mini #cinnamon #sugar #pumpkin #muffins #recipe from @sallysbakeblog #Awesome, #sunset #hudsonriver #westside #nyc #eatupnewyork #newjersey #skyline, Three new friends today from #madisonsquareeats #caponata #brooklyn and #mussels. Not sure what we will do at #eatupnewyork when #madsqeats ends on oct 2, #doughnut #monday at #eatupnewyork #holeydonuts #nyc #greenwichvillage @ Holey Donuts! http://t.co/p6Fd4doZRd, Farewell to the #feast of #sangennaro until we meet again next year #eatupnewyork @ SAN GENNARO FEAST http://t.co/TbNQgrpLZA, Farewell to the #feast of #sangennaro until we meet again next year #eatupnewyork, For those #eatupnewyork #peeps not at the #football game...we enjoyed an #awesome #grilled #pizza… http://t.co/vZWgtrdiTE, #peppers and #onions on the #griddle #gameday #tailgate #eatupnewyork #homemade @ MetLife Stadium http://t.co/YRtDPhBr5S, #pregame #tailgate setup.  Our faithful #football posse at #eatupnewyork is in full #sunday swing… http://t.co/1qf17ptiyH, #goodmorning #nyc -  #sunset from the #hudsonriver #eatupnewyork, #oysterfest #nyceats #eatupnewyork #oysters #ulysses #stonestreet #oysterweek @ Stone Street http://t.co/A8ECtT0lzv, Ok...are you sitting down?  The #eatupnewyork Mashed potato provolone and bacon pizza #WOW #Awesome… http://t.co/4hjAZ4RNLe, Ok...are you sitting down?  The #eatupnewyork Mashed potato provolone and bacon pizza #WOW #Awesome #yum #homemade #homebaked, Homemade Pizza in the #EatUpNewYork kitchen Arugula prosciutto and Parmesan shavings, Say hello to my little friends #mozzarella some guy in the middle and #reuben. #best #lastsummerfriday at #madisonsquarepark #madisonsquareeats, We can almost see the #weekend at the other end #friday #prospectpark #brooklyn, Ralph's Coffee Shop, #themeatballshop #chicken #meatballs #meatballshop #eatupnewyork #meatballmadness @meatballers, #lunch #grilledcheese #tatertots #meltshop #thursday #eatupnewyork #nyc sometimes I think this is a… http://t.co/Rbl9RYotBK, #wow #melt #icecream #sandwiches #chocolatechip #walnut #cookies and #vanilla icecream #redvelvet… http://t.co/gGmzHIP7a3, Rice Ball Heaven.  Nothing but joy and happiness in Madison Square Park - MadisonSquareEats, #nyc #friends #centralperk #20thanniversar#soho #eatupnewyork @ Central Perk http://t.co/c5fd0E9F0H, This is what we call street #cooking #madisonsquareeats #madisonpark #nyc #eatupnewyork #lunch @ Mad.… http://t.co/QEb8zTFf4c, null, #salmon #fries #salad #tuesday #dinner, Good #morning #nyc. #centralpark #reflections #eatupnewyork, #mushroom #tart from breadsbakery it's an #eatupnewyork #favorite #delicious @ Breads Bakery http://t.co/g1OMzE7hJ6, #brooklyn #library #grandarmyplaza #shush #nyc #eatupnewyork, #delicious #breakfast #breakfastofchampions double #chocolatechip #cookies #cookiesofgram… http://t.co/HCOpVoL49o, Turned out to be such a #beautiful day in #nyc   View from the #highline looking east down 23rd street #eatupnewyork #chelsea, Thank you for liking Eat Up New York!  We are so excited to have surpassed the 10,000th 'Like' mark and we could not have done it without you.  We have been closely watching our 'Likes' and have identified our actual 10,000 like...who we will be messaging shortly to see if she minds that we give her a public shout out...and an awesome Eat up New York T-Shirt!  Keep an eye out for our soon to be relaunched web-site and don't forget to find us on Instagram and Twitter @ EatUpNewYork.  Thanks!, So apparently our #eatupnewyork correspondents have #arrived at their #morning #tailgate for #football… http://t.co/xa6muVRY3R, #nyc view from the #highline #chelsea #streetart #eatupnewyork #newyork, So wrong but so #good #fried #mozzarella #cheese #nyc #eatupnewyork #saturday, #lamb chops with #balsamic reduction  #italian #greenwichvillage #oldschool #nyc #yum #eatupnewyork @… http://t.co/NRA3FKQfZh, #katzs #katzsdeli #nyc #lowereastside #oldschool #oldnewyork #eatupnewyork #lunch, #fdny #fireacademy #nyc    A memorial that was built at the academy to honor members of the armed services, killed in action, that had also been current members of the FDNY. The stone is a piece of the #pentagon that was given to the FDNY.  We will never forget #eatupnewyork, #bandshell #eastriver #park #eatupnewyork #running in #nyc #beautiful day, #nyc #eatupnewyork #beautiful day #greenwichvillage, Part of our tour of #brooklyn #coneyisland #wonderwheel #subway #nyc #tour #eatupnewyork #cyclone #beach, @randazzosclambarnyc #brooklyn #oldschool #italian, #nyc #morning feels like #fall already  #greenwichvillage #unionsquare #eatupnewyork, Clearly we are having #meatball madness at #eatupnewyork #love these from @pizzavinoteca #awesome… http://t.co/vnhDTHVV4Q, #nyc under #brooklynbridge #piano in the #sand #running on the #fdr #sunday #weekend, What a beautiful day in #nyc #eatupnewyork, #bonein #filetmignon #striphouse #striphousenyc #steak #meat #foodporn #food #nyc #eatupnewyork… http://t.co/cR6JOWD1lL, Spicy Tuna Tartar, #nyc #rooftop #eatupnewyork #upperwestside #nyc #roofdeck #morning, #bbq #brisket #tacos #eatupnewyork #nyc #mexibbq mexibbqrestaurant #food #nycfat #yum @ MexiBBQ UES http://t.co/gHbnShH6qj, #chickenparm #chickenparmesan #yum #awesome #food #foodie #nyc #eatupnewyork #cheese #italian #foodporn #newyork #instagood #instafood, Cookiebutter oatmeal chocolate chip!!! #cookiebutter #homemade #bakednyc #love #instafood #instagood… http://t.co/qeHDMO947Z, Meatballs from Trattoria Il Mulino, @trattoria_nyc #trattoria_nyc #eatupnewyork #tunatartar #eatingnyc #foodie #instafood #nyc #newyork #newyorkcity #foodporn #ilyfoodgram, #newyork #nyc #centralpark #eatupnewyork #onefiftyseven #lookingup #newyorkcity #essexhouse., #centralpark #manhattan #nyc #eatupnewyork #newyork #newyorkcity, #lunch #eatupnewyork #meatballs #italian #yum #nyc #newyork #manhattan #foodie #love, View looking downtown on 8th Ave right outside Google's NYC headquarters, #grilledvegetables #ribaltanyc #eatupnewyork #yum #napoletana. #endofsummer #laborday #nyc #food @… http://t.co/UilMMnNNna, #brooklynbatterytunnel #nyc #tunneltour #hyperlapse #eatupnewyork #toursofthecity #manhattan #brooklyn #newyork, #nyc #californiarepublic #summerinthecity #eatupnewyork #lookup #newyork #manhattan @ Manhattan NewYork http://t.co/vAnAlFESGL, #nycsummer #nycsubway #bronx #summerinthecity #notrains #mtatales #eatupnewyork @ Bronx, New York http://t.co/49oK3jmUdi, #lookingup #empirestatebuilding #nyc #manhattan #eatupnewyork #landmark #summerinthecity #nycsummer @… http://t.co/Cv2vqxWLOf, #landb #spumoni #spumonigardens #brooklyn #pizza #nycpizza #eatupnewyork #summerinthecity #yum… http://t.co/tN68Cgjksk, #reflection #empirestatebuilding #nycstreets #eatupnewyork #bizzaro #midtown #streetview, Tuna tartar appetizer at, #eatupnewyork #earlyam #morninginmanhattan #unionsquarepark #nyc #earlytowork #noruntoday, #eatupnewyork #nycpizzagram #zeroottonove #summerinthecity #nyc #newyork #newyorkcity #manhattan… http://t.co/N1XxlrVSMU, #timessquare #nyc #newyork #newyorkcity #bleachertime #midtown #touriststop #eatupnewyork http://t.co/6Ctufll93z, #romanstyle #summerinthecity #nyc #broadway #newyork #newyorkcity #eatupnewyork #landmark http://t.co/HrCJd1D4pw, #empirestatebuilding #nyc #newyorkcity #newyork #summerinthecity #lookingup #wayupthere #eatupnewyork #mondayinmanhattan, Something cool is on the horizon - The relaunch of our website.  Keep an eye out for updates, promotions, giveaways.  And don't forget to follow us on Instagram #EatUpNewYork, null, 2014 NYC Pride Parade, http://t.co/Rj5KfEwY, Happy Thankgsgiving.  Eat Up!, Manhattan court building make me want to take a nap.  So dreary, http://t.co/d0Wj3uWQ, Marathon http://t.co/3frWcmRL, Marathon from up high http://t.co/52CnYvoG, Carb Saturday in preparation for marathon eating Sunday, Hello Holly Hunter and family on east 12th st, Wasn't feeling the menu at Market Table (Bedford and Carmine) but the Sea bass special was delicious, I have already planned out my weekend eating frenzy....and it's only 6am Friday morning, I hate the Hunter college train station.  Awful.  Keep forgetting never to go there during the morning rush, http://t.co/KPIU7pUF, http://t.co/TAp7s0ls, http://t.co/AgADnCA4, http://t.co/9JmSfFGZ, http://t.co/tHsk8v5U, #shocktober. Holy mayhem in the village, Holy mayhem downtown tonight, 6th ave in the village all decorated with police barricades for the parade tonight.  You going? http://t.co/p0Qh1Rh3, http://www.eatupnewyork.com/2011/10/prepping-for-winter-perfect-place-to.html, And don't tell me ny is in a snow emergency and then go on location to Reading,PA to show one fallen tree, A snow state of emergency?  What???  Hasn't it snowed before?  Only a true emergency when they stop delivering chinese food, http://t.co/Sn9fw4JS, Slow news day? They are giving this potential snow the same hype as the hurricane.  Ridiculous!, There are people walking around like they have never felt the cold before (and it isn't even really cold yet)  You can tell the ones that busted out the winter jackets from the bottom of their closet - Bring on the snow NY, Love the New Balance store on the corner of 20th and Fifth Ave.  And Angelica couldn't have been nicer.  Very helpful.  Go check it out, Wow.  There is marching in the streets. And it's everywhere. Huge crowds. Looks like they are heading back downtown to wall st, National Taco Day http://t.co/5VDs9Gvl, Can be seen on Broadway until Jan 8th, 2012, Beautiful day in manhattan. Great day to sit in the park, This morning I was entrusted with another 2mil from Nigerian lawyer who can't spell and wants my bank info.  I'm up to 100billion now! Nice, I would rather lick stamps for nourishment before I set foot in Punch again....., Progress - Freedom Tower - 9-27-11, Wall Street Protest - Not actually on Wall Street but in a park area nearby, Traces, What do you make of all the Facebook changes?  I am trying not to hate it but I have to admit that I don't like the total lack of privacy.   And I get it....if you don't want to share it don't post it on the web; however some people posted things years ago which will now be easily visible by almost anyone.  Maybe Facebook could have done a look forward invasion of privacy instead of a look back?   What do you think?, Oh..guess I am awake to see the seasons change...hello Fall.   Not very eventful. No fireworks...nothing, 4:46 am...and no...not just getting in...getting up.  I may as well get a paper route, We did some spring cleaning...even though fall would be more appropriate.  We have relocated our EatUpNewYork blog - Took a few days to wrap it up but everything is up and running - Some of the links shown on facebook (below) may not work but we have updated the most recent entries (via a comment) with the new landing link - Thanks for following - Eat Up New York, Eat Up New York has moved to a new host http://t.co/DHJFpNdT, Traffic in the city stinks today. Gridlock everywhere. Hit snooze and go back to bed, null, null, Did anyone see Capitalism - a love story? It was a Michael Moore film. Curious what you thought, Don't know about you but I love fall weather.  Favorite time in NYC...and that summer sidewalk urine smell is starting to fade!  Yeah!, Always remember to never forget. 9-11-01, Happy labor day new york, Mr T infomercial-Only at 4:30am.  I am so ordering a flavor wave turbo. Special deal if I order within the next 5min!!!, Really? 4:25am on Sunday!  If I was just getting home..that would be one thing - but not the case today, What are your plans this labor day weekend?  Staying Home?  Going away?  Still cleaning up from the storm?, Pleased to post our first fan review - Eat Up!, null, http://eatupnewyork.com/2011/08/27/italian-in-chelsea-worth-the-concussion/, The fog eating up the Empire State Building, Are you staying? Going? Wondering how short the mayor is or how freakin tall the guy from the mta is?, Best time to hit the stores and get money from the bank.  West side market is full of food and empty of people, How cool would it have been if Bono dumped $65mil+ into the NYC public schools instead of Spiderman...back to darkness...fade to back, Big mistake trying to go to Barnes and Noble at Union Sq. Bethany doing a book signing. Freakin madhouse., null, Is the Post kidding me with Beheaded? Horrible headline!  How about "Tragedy", Eating Up...the Bronx.  We aren't picking sides or playing favorites.  It just happened to be a very cool behind the scenes tour and we wanted to share the photos., null, null, null, Giant cockroach running across the floor of my dry cleaners.  I'm thinking I need to find a new place, http://eatupnewyork.com/2011/03/10/203/, Why does chan 4 provide daily updates on the epic failure that is Spiderman on Broadway?  Do they have a kid in the show or something?, Hello Cynthia Nixon, Times Square - Monday Night, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/03/06/historic-dissapointment/, Japonaise sleeps with the fishes - New York Location on East 18th is no more.  Economy or just general decline in the restaurant's razzle dazzle?  Probably both.  Some say that when NYC Prep filmed there that it was the beginning of the end...I can see that - I blame NYC Prep for what went on in Egypt and Libya.    My guess is that the cavernous space once occupied by Japonaise will be empty for a while., You know you aren't in Manhattan....., http://www.facebook.com/pages/Eat-Up-California/190359524328185, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/02/25/eating-up-tribeca/, My favorite part of the LIRR is ending up back at Penn Station. Do people really eat the food at penn?, Vapiano's - You have to do the right thing by your neighbors in NYC - We live and work in close quarters.  This isn't cool - We won't be Eating Up at Vapiano's until they do the right thing., Obviously Winter didn't get the memo that I had declared Spring., I love the streets in the early morning of a holiday weekend.  Not a person in sight. It's like being in Idaho...with better architecture, Tell me now - Am I putting my winter coat away or is this just some freak February occurrence?  Is it early Spring or the end of the world?, 7pm flowers at the corner bodega...not the best idea.  Neither is the aged candy from the drug store. Plan ahead!, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/02/14/back-from-the-dead/, Happy Valentine's Day New York, Is restaurant week now 52 weeks long?, It's a heatwave!  I heard a rumor we would hit 50 degrees this week - Break out shorts & tees - Wooohooooo, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/02/06/i-am-going-to-skipa-the-pipa/ , If I wanted Alaska weather...I would move there. Enough already. NYC gives up.  Winter wins....please stop now.  Thank you, Did I miss the storm or is it on its way?  The news is making it sound like the apocalypse, Follow us on Twitter also: http://twitter.com/eatupnewyork, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/01/31/hidden-but-worth-the-seek/, I am fine with school closings and train delays; however delivery people are essential to the NYC Infrastructure-Arrangements should be made, Why on earth would you leave your house without boots today?  Why are you getting pissed that your pants and dress shoes are wet?  Did you not see the snow?  Watch TV before your left your apt/house?  Unbelievable, Bundle up campers.  Its cold out there. Eat up and stay warm, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/01/19/steak-it-up-new-york/, Steak it up New York: http://wp.me/p17vFG-2u, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2011/01/02/the-buzz-about-vapianos/, Happy New Year.  All the best in 2011. Eat Up New York, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/12/31/a-big-fat-year-end-ehhh/, Is it?  Isn't it.  Too dark to tell.  It looks like blacktop.  I am trying to envision the corner on a good day - A dry day.  Don't remember a hole.   I have boots, they are awesome...I am not worried.   I am going in.....oh yeah, it was a giant puddle - It ate my boot...and yeah, my pants are wet.  It actually made me laugh out loud.  The early morning creepers couldn't figure out what I was laughing at., http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/12/28/yeah-its-snow-move-along-before-i-facewash-you/, Santa?  That you?  You must have been way hungry to venture out today!  Yeah, I made it to work!  My boss better appreciate the lengths I go.....to come to work, use their computers, and update my facebook status!, Only in manhattan can you get Chinese food delivered during a blizzard. I love you suzi's!  I hope you aren't reading this from the floor in the airport. Safe travels, Please shoot my eyes out!: http://wp.me/p17vFG-29, Hope you have Friday off from work, Am I the only one working today?  Where are all the people?, The city is way quiet.  I think the natives have all fled.  More food for me., Japonica on University is still awesome after all of these years, You Had Me at the Garlic Bread: http://wp.me/p17vFG-21, Continuing on with the “Dead to Me” holiday theme….are all those people who send the F***ing holiday cards covered in Glitter.  What would possess a person to buy a card drenched in glitter?  I now have glitter on my shoes, glitter on my floor, glitter on my clothes, glitter on my hands.  One more glitter card and I plan on sending smoking bags of dog poo to all those glitter sending jackasses.

Hopefully you are enjoying your holiday season – The office holiday parties are in full swing.  Went to a great one at the Blue Water Grill this week.  I have been there many times for dinner and the food is always terrific.  They put together a nice holiday party too.  

Attended another event at a small Italian place down in the Village called Volare (on West 3rd I think) – Old school Italian.  Place was packed.  The Hot and Cold Antipasto were probably the best I have ever had.  Shrimp and Lobster cooked perfectly.  The main dishes were ok – Mushroom sauce should be a sauce and not mushrooms put on top of cream.  The chicken dishes looked fantastic.  All in all it was a great time and I plan on going back after the holidays to check it out again

I will forge ahead and endure the hardships of the Pre-Christmas Eating Bonanza.  I don’t do it for myself – I do it for you.  Eat up New York, Best time to go to the apple store on 14th street - RIght this moment - It's empty.  I couldn't believe it - place is always packed., I woke up with today's soundtrack already playing in my head - F**kin Perfect - Bring on the cold., Tis the Season to…Tip or not to Tip.  I am tipper (and not just tipping the scales during this festive holiday season).  I am sometimes at a loss for what may be appropriate during the holidays along with what the right amount or gift should be.  If you live in a building in Manhattan you have your: Supers, Porters, Doormen, Cleaners, Parking Attendants, Delivery people, Waiters & Waitresses from a favorite restaurant….With great services comes….a lot of tipping.  I am sure that if you live in a place where grass grows…you have to tip your gardener.  We don’t have that issue so much in Manhattan.  No grass…No tip.
So where do you tip the scales of giving?  Who do you tip? Do you tip at all?  Share your ideas – Would love to hear them, Oh no.  The pantless drunk santas brought mrs clause along for the ride and boy are they Hoe Hoe Hoes, So festive....the city is full of drunk santa s...and some with no pants. Happy holidays. Who planned this one?, Dead to me - Ya Bastard - Morte!: http://wp.me/p17vFG-1V, Bundle up campers - It's cold outside.  Not so bad being crammed into a packed subway car...at least its warm.  Smelly but warm, null, I have been quiet... working on a how to guide...How To Walk the Sidewalk in Manhattan.....it's for dummies, It's comforting to know that I can buy a christmas tree at 2am on almost any street corner in the city, Union Sq Holiday Market is...dreadfully crowded.  Did they make the aisles smaller? Crowd pushes you straight past all the booths. Crazy, Holy crap my city is jam packed. Wall to wall tourists...and one too many men with satchels. What is up with that??, If eating was an Olympic sport I am pretty sure I would have won silver this Thanksgiving.  I am one more meal away from the next pants size, Black Friday...I would prefer a Black Coffee: http://wp.me/p17vFG-1M, Stick a fork in me....I'm done.  Stuffed. No more room. Loosen the pants....I  need to make room for dessert, Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving - Be Safe and Eat Up New York, Tonight and Tomorrow are great days to eat dinner out in NYC – People are already leaving the city to start their miserable journey to wherever Thanksgiving brings them.  Have fun with the Molestation Pat Downs or the X-Ray Radiation Booths.  I will be roaming the streets of Manhattan, while you are gone, going from restaurant to restaurant in preparation of the big day.  I prepare for Thanksgiving like most people prepare for a marathon…I try and bulk up before the big day.  Tonight we go with a High-Carb Pasta meal and tomorrow…I am thinking steak.  I should be at fighting weight by the time Thursday (or I) roll around.  Only thing I have to be careful of is eating too much early in the day on Thanksgiving.   It has been known to happen…you start eating too soon and by the time dinner comes…you are already stuffed.  Pace yourselves…we are in it for the long haul.  This isn’t a sprint – It’s a long distance race.  Eat Up New York., Yamine Bouhachicha, should you be on the phone while you are driving me in your cab?  Would be cool if I understood what you were saying, I am reporting Caffe Roast Bean to the Bagel Police/Task Force. They should pay people to take their "bagel" looking round things. Yuck!, Come on sun! Do your thing. I am freezing my ass off here, Everyone on the subway has typhoid, null, I love going into a deli in the early morning, while they are cooking bacon and eggs...and then spending the rest of the day smelling like bacon and eggs.  Ick!  I may have to burn my clothes, How is it possible that thanksgiving is next week?  I am not ready for holiday tunes in every store., null, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/11/11/hope-nyc-gets-the-hoarders-convention/, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/11/09/scarlet-letter-wear-it-with-pride/, Not all is lost!  Don't like to leave you on a downer - My weekend was saved by the Baby Ribs at Amber down in the Village - Sixth Avenue at 9th Street - I don't even like ribs...these are awesome.  And their sushi is good too..even when delivered!  I will definitly go into detail at a later date...but I had to share, Don't foget to follow us on Twitter also
Www.Twitter.com/eatupnewyork, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/11/06/sometimes-friday-night-comes-up-short/, The next time a lost tourist asks me for directions, and doesn't say thank you, I am going to send them to Port Authority so they can get back on the bus to Rude-ville., null, I don’t care what you wear -  the reality of rain in Manhattan is that you are going to get wet.  You could be covered from head to toe and have the largest umbrella on the planet…you are going to get wet.  And there really should be lessons for people with Umbrellas.  They make you take Drivers Education to get your license…you shouldn’t be allowed to carry an umbrella in the city without taking a course…It won’t help everyone,  because some folks are just beyond help, but it may help some people.  And I still enjoy watching the tourists in rain.  They are so disoriented that they can’t figure out how to get through a flooded cross walk.  Should they walk through it with their farmer ted boots?  Should they walk around it?  Or should they just stand there and make it impossible for everyone else to get around them?  Unfortunately for the Natives…it’s all of the above.
And best of luck with an umbrella you buy off the street - That should last.....ok its probably broken already - Just throw it away., Well at least the elections are over and now my tv ads can return to the normal junk.  And I heard a rumor yesterday that the world series was over.  Without there being any NY representation I can't say I even knew it was going on.
  Brace yourself manhattan....the holiday season is upon us., Why is it that there is always plenty of money to run political ads?  Why is making a choice no longer about the best candidate but about the one that sucks less than the other?   Can't wait for today to be over and for these awful ads to come to an end...then the politicians can get back to prepare for their next election while taking a paycheck from us, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/10/31/tourist-obstacle-course-to-a-bleecker-street-oasis-with-fried-rice/

www.suzisrestaurant.com, I love seeing all the kids head off to school in their Halloween costumes - They are everywhere - On the Buses, the subways and in the streets - Pure excitement for them - And the costumes are getting more and more creative.  Haven't seen any plastic Batman or Superman outfits that I remember as a kid - It's a very cool sight on the manhattan streets so early in the morning -, Cutting the Cheese, I get that you are excited to be in Manhattan - I am sure that Denmark sucks this time of year; However, this isn't a scene from When Harry Met Sally - Go hang out in the Temple of Dendur and get off my Central Park path.  I have places to go today.

The park is lovely this time of year - Just another suggestion for a roped off areas for tourists - One day, someone from the Parks Department will help me out here., This is one event worth losing sleep on Sunday night for.  It's ok on TV but is way better in person.  One of my favorite events in Manhattan., I get the whole concept of - There is no such thing as bad press - but I feel like Police tape around your shop is never a good thing.   I am not saying I won't return to Good Stuff because it's one of my favorite Downtown Diners; however I will wait a bit - What's the appropriate waiting period after a shooting?  A week?  Two?, Follow us on Twitter also. www.Twitter.com/eatupnewyork, http://eatupnewyork.wordpress.com/2010/10/23/all-thats-missing-is-the-drive-through-window/, Random Hump Day Rant: http://wp.me/p17vFG-V, Commuting past 34th street is a labor of love for me, I’m a village guy and leaving the womb is not easy. There is of course the exception. In this case Meridiana Restaurant at 2756 Broadway (Between 105th & 106th St).  Upon walking into the dining room, you should know that the space was built almost entirely by the proprietor Giovanni (his real name). The bar and the décor offer an Art deco/Roman palazzo kind of vibe. Enjoying a glass of wine while sitting at the end of the bar, looking out onto Broadway, always makes me feel like a New Yorker.    If I recall correctly Giovanni was born in the region of Palermo, Sicily, and the dishes he oversees carry an authentic Sicilian flavor. Giovanni personally overseas all purchases for his establishment and operates his restaurant with the brilliance of a Maestro, personally directing each aspect of the day. I have known Giovanni since he immigrated to America in the early 90’s. His story is truly fascinating I recall that en route to America he ended up working somewhere in Africa, describing his time there as “hell like”, working long hours and sleeping infrequently. My love and admiration for Giovanni is twofold.  One, he is a shining example of the American dream -  He came to America with only the clothes on his back (like so many of our ancestors) and built an excellent reputation as one of New York’s leading restaurateurs. The second reason that I love him is because he runs one of the cleanest kitchens in New York City (not such and easy task). Like every good Italian (American) boy, I demand a clean kitchen, and Meridiana delivers, no matter when I go in, the kitchen is spotless (my chosen career allows me unlimited access to just about any kitchen in Manhattan). I cannot enjoy a meal unless I know that the kitchen is the best it could be, kind of an OCD thing I have going. When you go, you will find the food to be plentiful, yet not pretentious on any level. The restaurant is run with a family friendly atmosphere with a wait staff that will make you feel like you belong. Giovanni and his family make this place the Uptown success that it is. Eat Up New York!You can find the menu at: http://www.menupages.com/restaurants/meridiana, I have eaten at some of the most hyped restaurants in the city.  Places where you pay $95 for a Kobe Grass Fed Steak, and even the smallest of drinks is going to cost you $20 a pop.  I find those places interesting but not very realistic.  I get the whole charging of astronomical prices, especially in a city where you are paying astronomical rent….The major problem will always be that if you want to charge me an arm and a leg for my meal then it better blow me away every single time.  I can handle an off meal when I don’t have to give up a kidney to pay for it.  I have no patience, and will never return, to a place that has a giant price tag and fails to deliver…..even once.  I get that you want to play in the pro’s but then you don’t get the luxury of having a minor league day.  Not here – Not in this town – Never in New York.
Now that I have completed my Sunday morning tirade…two Jet Fuel Coffees into the morning – I want to tell you about the opposite of a $95 steak – Other planet opposite.  How about a $5.75 burger served on a paper plate – On a table that has names and other nondescript thing carved on top - Where your shoes may stick to the floor and you may have to wait in line just to get a seat….You got it…Corner Bistro.  It is what is and that is exactly what I like about it.   Talk about having the luxury to have an off night.  At under $10, for an entire meal, I am ok with several bad experiences….but you won’t have one here.  Sure I have read some unpleasant reviews from folks over the years but I think that is more because their expectations were larger than the reality.  The Corner Bistro does not profess to being the Gramercy Tavern.  It has no interest in hanging out with Tom Collicchio.  This is a great old bar with a simple menu and consistent food.  It is what it is and I admire them for keeping it real.  If you feel too old going to this place…then you are.  I certainly wouldn’t bring my parents there.  They wouldn’t enjoy it, they wouldn’t appreciate it, and they would ruin it for me. 
I would also suggest an afternoon trip for a more quiet experience.  If you feel like going late on a Friday or Saturday night then prepare to wait on line….and stop your bitching.  It’s your own fault.  Don’t get pissy that you don’t think it was worth the wait – This place isn’t for you.  There are hundreds of overpriced pretentious slop houses just waiting for you to line up for – Keep em and leave my Corner Bistro alone.
http://cornerbistrony.com/index.php, I eat out…try not to hide your surprise. Living in New York City your choices for eating out are endless. You can probably eat at a different place every single day, and never hit the same place twice. Even though I tend to go back to the same places over and over again I do try to bust out on occasion. This isn’t going to be one of those times…and rightfully so.

Greenwich Village…the Village for the natives, is a treasure trove of restaurants, cafes, shops, stores, and on a Saturday….a hot mess of walking tours for out of towners. There are old time bars and comedy clubs and the streets can feel like Mardi Gras on a weekend night. One of my all time favorites is an old school Italian Restaurant located at 181 Thompson Street – Rocco’s Restaurant.

Rocco’s has the feel of an old time cafe. It isn’t a giant place and actually seems to take up two small store fronts which are connected. The chairs and tables are old school and even though you are close to your neighbors you don’t feel like you are sitting on top of anyone. They laid out the space as effectively as possible so you do feel some sense of privacy even though you could reach out and slap your neighbor.

The heart of the place is the staff. This is old school and old time Italian Restaurant at it’s best. It always brings back memories of my folks taking me out to their favorite local Italian restaurant. There are hugs and handshakes – Always a warm greeting that never has that typical phony NY Concierge feel.

The food is consistently fantastic with a menu that offers plenty to choose from. Their pasta is always fresh and their sauce just warms my heart. I have been all around the menu and never found anything that I didn’t like. From seafood to Meat to Pasta….It just brings a smile to my face. It’s even a place you could bring your kids…if you wanted to. Rocco’s is always accommodating to making a chicken parmesan or just some plain spaghetti for the kids. They couldn’t be nicer.

I know there are tons of places to choose from and there is always that new hip restaurant that opens up…I always find myself coming back to the places that feel like home and Rocco’s Restaurant is one of those places. http://www.roccorestaurant.com, I have to give a shout out to one of my favorite places in Brooklyn…Linger Cafe & Lounge which can be found on Atlantic Avenue (533 Atlantic Avenue, Brooklyn, NY). Linger is a very comfortable place that feels like you are sitting in someones living room. Maybe a little like an old time speakeasy – Plush chairs and couches that scream for you to sit down. A home away from home. A perfect place for a romantic date or great place to sit and relax with a group of friends. Make no mistake – This isn’t a bar and you won’t find Sunday’s game playing on the TV – There are tons of places for that and they usually smell of stale beer. Linger is some place special

The lighting in Linger is an architectural marvel…and it really is…I was told that the designer of the lighting fixture (which takes up the entire ceiling) won an award for their work. And the owner couldn’t be more lovely – You can tell that she puts her heart and soul into Linger and the food that she so delicately prepares. And don’t miss the Grilled Cheese or Tuna Melt….I am salivating just thinking about them.

My only complaint….is that Linger Cafe is in Brooklyn. Wish Linger was in Manhattan because I would be there more often. If you are in Brooklyn….this is a place worth stopping for – Kick back…have a drink. You won’t want to leave…I guess hence the name….LINGER….I tell you, nothing gets past me these days!
http://www.lingercafe.com, If you live in New York City you have certainly run across your location Green Market.  They are fantastic places with unbelievable products and reasonable prices.  People, who live outside of the city, often comment at how expensive Manhattan can be.  And yes it can be; however you can also learn to shop outside of the box a bit in order to save quite a bit of money.  If you keep all of your shopping to the big box supermarkets you may not always get the best deals.  If you learn how to shop in different places, for different things, then you can likely have it all – Best products at reasonable prices. The Farmer’s Markets really are great places.  There are different booths for products that range from: Fruits, Vegetables, Fish, Meat, Flowers, Bread, Wine and even composting.  Besides the fact that everything is super fresh, the prices are reasonable.  My advice is bring your own roll up bags and fill them up as you purchase items from around the market.   And by the way…one of the secrets behind some of the greatest restaurants in NYC is that they shop at their local green markets.  You can get the same great items for your kitchen that you might find on the menu’s of your favorite restaurants!Ok – Now the New Yorker in me can’t help but mention some very annoying facts about the Farmer’s Markets (and the city in general) – It has to do with the tourists/out of towners who like to stoll through our local Farmer’s Markets.  First of all…some of you live in places where they grow stuff….If you are from Idaho I am sure you have seen potatatos grow.  Why on earth do you come to our local farmers markets to take pictures of fruits and vegetable that grow in your hometown?  Do I come to your corn field to take family photos?  Not so much.  And not to mention that the locals are trying to shop….having tourists eat up the valuable, and limited, space at these farmers markets is absurd.  They aren’t even buying anything – so not only are they annoying to the shoppers, but they are also taking away from the vendors who are trying to sell their goods.  Maybe we could devise a roped off area where tourists can stand and photograph New Yorkers in their natural habitat?  Best time for the Markets is early morning, first thing, while the tourists are still in their hotels waiting in line at the breakfast buffet.If you haven’t found them before – Check out this site for information: http://www.grownyc.org/, It's a long weekend in the big city and we don't want to freak you out all at once.  Let's start off slow....get to know each other.  Like a date before the date.  (if are thinking this is a similar to the pre-shirt...then you need to leave this site asap....please don't even ask why I know about it.....:)
So....starting off slow.  How about coffee.  But not just any coffee.  This is something special.  Something unique.  Check out www.roastingplant.com.  Better yet.  Go there - they have 2 locations but my favorite is at: 75 Greenwich Avenue
New York, NY - Its across from the former St. Vincent's Hospital.  
These folks roast it, grind it and brew it right on the spot.  The place is like the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory for coffee lovers.   Start at the roastingplant and then check back in here for our next date.)