List(We're kicking our dinner service off with a fresh Seafood Stew special! Delicious spiced broth loaded with clams, mussels, shrimp and a slew of seasonal vegetables., BUBBLES for brunch! Stay classic with an orange mimosa, tart it up with a grapefruit mimosa or get exotic with our balsamic peach bellini. It's the perfect way to ease into the weekend. 

We'll be playing March Madness all day!, It's almost that time of the year where we don everything green, and celebrate the Lá Fhéile Padraig. Nothing like a nice pint of Murphy's and/or a bottle of Magners to wash down some shepard's pie!
Now pouring Sierra Nevada Otra Vez, Stoneface IPA, and Kent Falls Waymaker Brett IPA!, We're celebrating March Madness with some great beer! Stop by to fill out your bracket for this years Craft Draft Madness tournament and drink your favorite to the top! First round this Saturday!, Welcome to the first day of the patio season! 
We're dog friendly and serving brunch until 3pm.  

Join us tomorrow after the Rás na hÉireann 5k for an early St. Patty's celebration!! So much beer awaits you!, In addition to our great draft list, we have solid bottle list as well as some special offerings on our weekly specials menu, like the classic Weihenstephaner Hefe Weissbier - German wheat beer with soft notes of banana and clove - 5.4% ABV
Now pouring Spencer India Pale Ale, Lagunitas CitruSinesis, and Trillium Galaxy Fort Point Pale Ale!, Join us for lunch and try our new pizza special, the hot sausage and grape pizza with Esposito's Butchery hot Italian sausage, muscat grapes, caramelized onions, balsamic reduction, goat cheese ricotta!
Now pouring Far From The Tree Patch Cider (Salem, MA), SingleCut Is This The Real Life IPA (Astoria, NY), and Hidden Cove Thunder Clap (Wells, ME)., Check out Zagat's list of South Boston's 9 Hottest Restaurants that features our big brother spot Worden Hall! 
https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/9-hottest-restaurants-in-south-boston
Also join us for lunch. We'll be opening up the windows today!, It's National Snack Day, but if you're feeling hungrier than a small snack, our burger will hit the spot! 
Our new tavern burger has all the fixings: 
8 oz. grassfed beef burger, crispy onion strings, dirty cheese sauce, lettuce, pickled cucumbers, tomato preserve, kewpie mayo 

Nothing goes better with a burger than BEER., It is now officially lunchtime! Join us and try our delicious Bacon, Egg, and Kimchi Mazeman Ramen - nueske's bacon, kimchi broth, shichimi togarashi, egg, scallions, ramen noodles!
Now pouring Idle Hands Heads Up and Play Germany, Coronado Sock Knocker, and SingleCut Is This The Real Life IPA!, We went back to the drawing board on our Tavern Burger and boy is it tasty. Grass fed burger with tomato preserves, fried onion, kewpie mayo, dirty cheese sauce, and pickled cucumber. 

Don't miss our hop-crazy IPA event tomorrow night! Craft Collective is bringing us a bounty of tasty drafts. Check the event, starts at 7pm!, Almost lunchtime! Join us, even for a quick bite and try our delicious polenta fries with lime-garlic aioli and tomato preserves. 
Join us this this Wednesday, March 2nd at 7pm, for an arsenal of hop driven brews featuring selections from SingleCut, Proclamation, Finback, and more! 
Now pouring Queen City Winter's Bock, Green Flash Passion Fruit Kicker, and Idle Hands Heads Up And Play: Germany!, If you like IPAs don't miss our huge hop throwdown next week! Join us and Craft Collective next Wednesday at 7pm for a horde of hoppy drafts sure to hit you with waves of lupulin goodness. Featuring selections from SingleCut, Proclamation, Finback and more! Full details in the link., Lunchtime! Join us and try our new delicious Smoked Lamb Leg Sandwich - herbed and smoked lamb leg, cabbage-mint slaw, Kentucky bbq sauce!
Now pouring Weihenstephaner Pilsner, Grimm Artisanal Lambo Door, and Jack's Abby Calyptra!, Try our delicious Kale Salad with avocado, red peppers, bean sprouts, scallions, carrots, sesame seeds, and miso-ginger dressing! #lightlunch #allvegan #glutenfree
Now pouring Blue Point Armchair Stout NITRO, Riverwalk Flannel Trousers, Sierra Nevada Tropical IPA!, View from the tap chandelier, They're back! Potato tacos make every day Taco Tuesday., Our new vegan entrée is healthy and hearty with a Cajun kick!

Vegetable Etouffee  
mushroom - cauliflower - tomato - potato stew - heirloom rice, Lunchtime! Try our delicious revamped tavern burger - 8oz grassfed beef burger, crispy onion strings, dirty cheese sauce, lettuce, pickled cucumbers, tomato preserves, kewpie mayo!
Now pouring Oskar Blues IPA, Allagash Little Brett, and Woodstock Inn Frosty Goggles. #getinmybelly #beeroclock, Our menu got a refresh! Stop by to check out some awesome new fare.

Sopressatta Pie - Banana Peppers - Kimchi - Mozzarella - Grana Padano - Basil - Red Sauce, WE'RE BACK! Come check out our fresh new look and enjoy some delicious brunch. Or, stop by after 3pm for some brand new dinner menu items!, We're closed this week and are reopening this Friday night at 5pm. Stop by to take a look at some new changes and menus! Thanks again Woodstock for hosting us after our annual ski trip. We had a blast!, Brighten up your morning with our Huevos Rancheros- crispy corn tortilla, sunnyside eggs, chile-lime black beans, guacamole, fire-roasted salsa, and cotija cheese.

Step out of the cold and in for a beer! 
Like IPAs? Our draught list will send you into a lupulin coma... 
Freshly tapped: Tröegs Nugget Nectar, Ballast Point Pineapple Sculpin, CBC Go Fly A Kite, and Jacks Abby Calyptra!

Come say HI to Katie MillerTime!, Got the day off because of the snow? Join us for lunch and try our delicious duck burrito - bbq duck, pork belly, red onions, kale, chili sauce, rice, flour tortilla!
Now pouring Night Shift Trifecta, Oskar Blues Old Chub NITRO, and SingleCut Billy Half Stack IPA!, Join us at our sister restaurant in the South End, as they host an all out beer dinner featuring from tasty brews of Kelsen Brewing Company, on Wednesday, February 17th, at 6pm!, Lunchtime is almost upon us! Grab a quick bite and try our delicious polenta and black bean fries, with lime-garlic aioli and tomato preserves!
Now pouring Grimm Artisanal Super Spruce, Smuttynose Durty, and Schenkerla Helles Lagerbier!, Roasted Corn - Miso - Heirloom Tomatoes - Ginger Scallion Sauce, null, Bubbles for brunch! Try our Peach Bellini featuring White Peach Balsamic from Boston Olive Oil Company on Newbury Street. We love working with their products, which add a delicate yet flavorful kick to some morning classics. Check them out yourself at www.bostonoliveoilcompany.com!, Join us for dinner! We will take you to taco town. Try our delicious (from left to right) tuna - shichimi-dusted rare seared tuna, greens, jicama, avocado, blood orange-chili glaze. carne - asada marinated steak, avocado cream, cilantro lime onions, cotija cheese, red chili sauce. baja - fried cod, shredded cabbage, pico de sambal oelek mayo, and lime.
Now pouring Stone Coffee Milk Stout, Alpine Hoppy Birthday, and Sierra Nevada Kellerweis., Hey, did you hear it's going to snow? 
Get out of the cold and warm up with our habanero bloody mary made with Ballast Point Fugu Habanero vodka. 
We're serving brunch until 3pm!

Freshly tapped: Maine Beer Co. Lunch, Rising Tide Calcutta Cutter, Ballast Point Mango Even Keel, and BBC Chocolate Drayman's Porter on cask

P.S. Ira Vogel is on the bar., Check out Channel 7's spotlight on Chef Aaron's own Chicken & Dumplings - roasted chicken and vegetable soup with dumplings.
http://www.whdh.com/story/31028324/whats-cooking-chicken-and-dumplings, It's beer o'clock! Our rotating draft list has some great hop driven beers like the new Stone Enjoy By 2.14.16 Unfiltered IPA! 
Now pouring Grimm Artisanal Double Negative, Against The Grain Fast Thymes At Ridgemount Rye, and Laugunitas Pils., Lunch time is around the corner! Join us and try our delicious loaded tots topped with sunny side egg, cilantro, cheddar cheese, and pico de gallo over tots!
Now pouring Otter Creek Couch Surfer on Nitro, Stone Go To IPA, and Dogfish Head Palo Santo!, Just one more cold day to get through and then we're back to balmy ole' January! Join us for lunch and try our new Cashew and Oregano Crusted Hake, topped with apricot chutney and served on a bed of mushroom hash.
Now pouring Jack's Abby House Lager, The Tap Intergalactic Acid, and Night Shift Morph!, It's raining, snowing and just plain gross out there! Come warm up by our fire with a spiked coffee and delicious brunch. 

We're serving brunch until 3pm, then gearing up for the Pats at 4:30. Have a beer and watch with us!

Freshly tapped: Hop Concept Hull Melon & Blanc IPA, Citizen Dry Cider, and Freigeist Abraxxxas (smoked Lichtenhainer weisse- smoky, tart and refreshing!)., It's lunchtime! Try one of our new specials, Chicken Liver Pate - topped with honey, sea salt, and served with Iggy's toast.
Now pouring Ommengang Lovely, Dark and Deep, Night Shift Morph, and Stone Go To IPA!, Get out of the cold and join us for lunch! Try our new loaded tot special - sunny side egg, cilantro, cheddar cheese, and pico de gallo!
Now pouring Maine Beer Co. King Titus, Victory Hop Ranch, and Alpine Hoppy Birthday!, Rolled out some new delicious specials today! Try our new Cashew & Oregano Crusted Hake - cashew and oregano crusted local hake (pronounced HAY-KKK), mushroom hash, and apricot chutney!
Now pouring Jack's Abby Smoke and Dagger Nitro, Hidden Cove Jali, and Queen City South End Helles Lager., We got a special visit from Channel 7's Sarah French! Stay tuned to find out when it airs and see Chef Aaron walk you through our delicious Chicken and Dumpling Soup., Today is the perfect day for something hearty and comforting. Join us for lunch and try our delicious Southern Comfort Tots - fried chicken and sausage gravy over tots!
Now pouring Victory Hop Ranch, Long Trail SMaSH Project #2, and Lost Abbey Red Barn!, Get out of the cold and warm up with us and try our new pizza special, Linguica Pizza - linguica, red peppers, farm egg, manchego, red sauce, and fish sauce vinaigrette!
Now pouring The Tap Joshua Norton, Ommegang Triskel Hennepin, and Oskar Blues IPA!, Happy New Year! Nothing cures a New Year's Eve hangover like a New Year's Day brunch! Wake up with us for brunch and try our Ice Box - Grady's Cold Brew coffee, hazelnut espresso vodka, crème de cocoa, milk, and a drizzle of Boston Olive Oil Company espresso.
Now pouring Two Roads Geyers Gose, Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro, and Queen City South End Helles Lager!, Let's end 2015 with a bang! Join us for lunch and dinner! We'll be open till 2am with no cover! Also join us tomorrow morning for brunch to cure that New Year's hangover!
Now pouring Ballast Point Habanera Sculpin, Peak Organic White Nitro, and Night Shift Cape Codder Weiss!, Have you checked out our restaurant spot NESN's Wicked Bites? 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4eBKU-H7ss, Hey we're on TV! 

Meet the people who started it all, and see an in depth view into some of our great offerings! #gopatty, Our barkeeps have chosen their favorites, what's yours?

Brunch isn't over yet! Just in time for the Pats game.

Now pouring: Night Shift Santilli, Hidden Cove Jali, and Goose Island Bourbon County Stout 2015!, Congrats to all the runners! You really put us to the test, but we wouldn't have it any other way!, Come hang with us on Christmas! We're rocking a full bar and menu starting at 6pm. Joy to the Beer!, Almost lunch time! Join us and try our delicious Kale Salad - green kale, cornmeal crusted tofu, avocado, red bell peppers, bean sprouts, scallions, carrots, miso-ginger dressing, and sesame seeds!
Now pouring Lagunitas Brown Shugga, Spencer Holiday Ale, and Mayflower Autumn Wheat.
Our holiday hours are as follows:
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, Get out of the cold and warm up by the fireplace with our delicious Tavern Chili - short rib, oxtail, kielbasa, beans, 15 chili peppers, manchego cheese, and house tortilla chips.
Now pouring Revolution Fistmas, Lagunitas Brown Shugga, and SingleCut Alex.
Our holiday hours are as follows:
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, Lunchtime! Join us and try our delicious new pizza special, the Duck Pizza - char siu duck, roasted mushrooms, manchego cheese, and red sauce! 
Now pouring Boulder Mojo IPA Nitro, Paulaner Premium Pils, and Founders Backwoods Bastard!
Our holiday hours are as follows:
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, It's that time again! These smiling faces are ready to serve you the brunch you need. 

Now pouring Grimm Artisanal Tesseract, Spencer Trappist Holiday Ale, and Heavy Seas Powder Monkey on cask!

Not a morning person? We'll have new food specials starting at 3:15pm., It's almost lunchtime! Try our new loaded fries special - cheese sauce, bacon, jalapenos, scallions, sirracha sour cream over fries.
Now pouring Clown Shoes Pecan Pie Porter, Far From The Tree Nova Cider, and Founders Harvest Ale.
Our holiday hours are as follows:
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, I don't know if we mentioned this before or not but, our gift cards make a perfect holiday gift!
Now pouring Von Trapp Vienna Lager, Spencer Trappist Holiday Ale, and 21st Amendment Toaster Pastry.
Congrats to our new big brother Worden Hall or making the Boston Globe "Best of 2015" list! Check out the article....
https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/12/08/the-boston-area-restaurant-awards/Xp6zLzZM1KkVO2P1miqPuK/story.html#, Check us out this Saturday on NESN! Wicked Bites is bringing you some behind the scenes action at 9:30., This holiday season, make it rain gift cards! Available and valid at our Davis Square and South End locations! 
Now pouring Troegs Mad Elf, The Tap Joshua Norton, and Sam Adams Merry Maker!
Our holiday hours are as follows:
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, Lunchtime! Try our loaded tots special - fried chicken, broccoli, red peppers, red dragon chili sauce, and scallions over tots!
Our gift cards make a great holiday gift! Speaking of holidays, our holiday hours are as follows:
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, Lunchtime! Try our new delicious special, Shrimp and Pork Fried Rice - wok fried rice with shrimp, pork, sunny side farm egg, corn, scallions, and chili-soy sauce!
Need some holiday gift ideas? Our gift cards make a great holiday gift! 
Speaking of holidays, our holiday hours are as follows
Dec. 24th, Thursday - closed
Dec. 25th, Friday - closed for lunch, open 6pm-1am
Dec. 31st, Thursday - open till 2am!
Jan 1st, Friday - brunch from 10:30am - 3pm!, Tis' the season for decorating! Join us under the mistletoe for lunch and check out our new yuletide flair. $5 cheese pizza specials every weekday!, Fight the cold with our new Roasted Chicken and Dumpling Soup! 

Don't forget, our kitchen is open until midnight every day of the week!, While we don't have the Alta Gracia on right now, we're still serving some delicious brunch and great beer with two of these three fine gentlemen. 
Get out of that rain and in by the fire (or bar!). 

Recently tapped: Jacks Abby Lashes, 21st Amendment Fireside Chat, SingleCut Dean PNW Mahogany, and Harpoon Take 5 on cask!, A little tired of turkey, sitting on the couch and the smell of your Aunt Peg's perfume? It's probably time to step away from your family for a bit... Come share your favorite Thanksgiving story with us while we serve you some high quality beers.

Featured Bottle Specials: Nine Pin Ciderworks Signature Cider, Transmitter W1, and Baxter Bootleg Fireworks IPA #2, Doors just opened! Don't you want to be greater and served by the lovely faces!, Hope everyone had a wonderful and filling Thanksgiving! Had enough turkey and family time? Join us for some drinks we'll be open tonight at 6pm!
Now pouring Green Flash Le Freak, Saucony Creek Stonefly IPA, and Hidden Cove Booty!, We'll be open this Thanksgiving at 6pm. Join us now and try our new delicious Gobbler - open faced thanksgiving sandwich - roasted turkey breast, sweet potato puree, fried onions, bacon, gruyere, cranberry mayonnaise, gravy on toasted sourdough!
Now pouring Grimm Artisanal Purple Prose, Firestone Pivo Pils, and Alpine Nelson, When you start to get sick of your family on Thursday, come join us for a drink! We'll be open all night with full menu, fresh drafts, and more whiskey than you can count.

Join us tonight for the Patriots game and try some awesome new brews like Mayflower Thanksgiving Ale, Saucony Creek Stonefly IPA, and SingleCut Billy 200 Watt IIIPA!, TGIF! Start your weekend off right with our new cocktail, Ghostzapper. Lunazul tequila, Maraschino liqueur, lemon, orange blossom water, house made ginger syrup, and black walnut bitters.

Freshly tapped: SingleCut Billy 200-Watt, Downeast Winter Blend, and Long Trail Double Bag on nitro!, Need a quick lunch? Stop by and try our new delicious Spinach, Artichoke, and Foi Gras Dip served with tortilla chips!
Now pouring Alpine Nelson, Kent Falls Equinox, and Grimm Artisanal Double Negative., Can't wait for Thanksgiving turkey? Join us now and try our new delicious Gobbler - open faced thanksgiving sandwich - roasted turkey breast, sweet potato puree, fried onions, bacon, gruyere, cranberry mayonnaise, gravy on toasted sourdough!
Now pouring Lagunitas A Little Sumpin, Jack's Abby Kiwi Rising, and Ommegang Grains Of Truth., Check out our girl Sarah Hanson in this awesome Zagat article of 30 innovative restauranteurs under 30 years old! Keep it up Sarah, #cuttingitclose, Stop by for the game, we're pouring Wachusett Brewing Company Bella Czech Pils! 

If you like winners as much as we do, check out our draft selection of this year's Great American Brew Festival gold medal winners:
Green Flash Le Freak
Grimm Artisanal Ales Double Negative
Left Hand Fade To Black
Allagash White
Firestone Walker Pivo Pils

Cheers!, Wakey wakey! Nothing beats a hangover better than a hearty brunch! Try our delicious Southern Comfort - two eggs sunnyside, fried chicken, thyme biscuits, sausage gravy!
Now pouring Left Hand Fade To Black Vol. 1, Wormtown Bottle Rocket, and Night Shift Everweisse., Join us for lunch and try our new delicious Spaghetti Carbonara - surry farms surryano dry cured and smoked ham, Massachusetts hen of the woods mushroom, farm eggs, grana padano, chives, handmade spaghetti.
Now pouring SingleCut Half Stack, Great Divide Fresh Hop Pale Ale, and Ommegang Grains Of Truth, Join us for lunch and try our delicious Pork Burrito - cured and roasted prok shoulder, rice, red onions, kale, guacamole, chili sour cream, aji-mango sauce, cotija-cheese, flour tortilla chips and pico de gallo.
Now pouring Firestone Pivo Pils, Green Flash Le Freak, and Relic Nano-A-Nano!, Well we've done it again! Loaded tots are reloaded. Stop by to try our fresh Big Mac Tots with a healthy dose of special sauce!, Check out the newest review of our sister restaurant, Worden Hall by Improper Bostonian. I think she's blushing..., There's no better way to start your Saturday then with our spiked iced coffee, the infamous Ice Box! 
If coffee and booze isn't your thing, then try one of our freshly tapped brews: Ommegang Grains of Truth, Harpoon Zwei Zwei Zwei, Grimm Artisanal Double Negative, and Cisco Pumple Drumkin., Join us for lunch and try our delicious Spaghetti Carbonara - Surry Farms "Surryano" dry cured and smoked ham, Massachusetts hen of the woods mushrooms, farm eggs, grana padano, chives, handmade spaghetti!
Now pouring Grimm Artisanal Pulse Wave, SingleCut Billy Full Stack IIPA, and Long Trail SMaSH Project #1., Rolled out some new specials today! Join us for lunch and try our new (l-r) Big Mac Tots, Spaghetti Carbonara, and Pork Burrito!
Now pouring Night Shift Duchess, Victory Moving Parts #5, and Smuttynose Vunderbar! Pilsner., Sun is out! Warm breeze. Doesn't feel like November at all! Join us for lunch and try our delicious Calamari Taco - crispy fried point judith calamari, aji amarillo-mango sauce, buttermilk-cilantro crema, watercress.
Now pouring Wormtown Bottle Rocket, SingleCut Billy Full Stack IIPA, and Great Divide Fresh Hop Pale Ale., Shout out to our baby sister, Worden Hall, who got some love this week from Zagat! If you love brunch as much as we do you should check out their brand new menu!, Happy Halloween folks! Wanna grab a drink while you hop from one party to another? Join us be greeted by the Powerpuff Girls! Be safe out there!!!
Now pouring Uinta Punkn', Otter Creek Overgrown, and Victory Moving Parts #5., Lost your cat ears from last night? Finding glitter in unwanted places? Cheer up, we have the cure for your Halloween bender. Come grab some brunch and a drink, or two! 
Cats, Clark Kents, and Marty Mcfly are waiting., Almost lunch time! Have a beer with lunch! We won't say a word. :) Try one of our spooky offerings, Anti Villain Golden Pumpkin Ale, Naragansett Reanimator Helles Lager, and Shipyard Little Horror of Hops!, It's like yesterday never happened! Windows are open! Join us for a late lunch/early dinner and grab a light and crisp Lagunitas Pils!
Now pouring Founder's Centennial IPA on NITRO!, Wormtown Bottle Rocket, and Stone Coffee Milk Stout!, Little cold and windy out there. :( Join us for lunch and warm yourself up by the fireplace! Try our loaded tots special, the Fire Tots - chili sauce tossed fried chicken, jalepenos, scotch bonnet-guava sauce over tots.
Now pouring Revolution Bottom Up Wit, Foolproof Peanut Butter Raincloud Porter, and Grimm Artisanal Pulse Wave., Eggs and bacon might get you out of bed, but our new Pastrami Hash Breakfast will make you trip down the stairs calling an Uber while awkwardly trying to get your pants on the right leg. This plate is a hangover's worst enemy, with house-made Pastrami, roasted mushrooms, herb aioli, and sunnyside eggs.

Just tapped Grimm Ales Pulse Wave IPA and Boulevard Rye-On-Rye!, Brunch has arrived! Worden Hall has gone to the dark side. There's even meat straws in the bloody marys. Go check it out!, Start your morning off right with our vegan sourdough pancakes, topped with maple syrup, candied walnuts and bananas! It's a perfect blend of sweet and savory. 
Also enjoy one of our freshly tapped beers: SingleCut Full Stack, North Coast Old Rasputin on nitro and Tröegs Hop Knife on cask., It is now officially lunch time!! Join us and try our delicious new loaded tots special - chili sauce tossed fried chicken, jalapenos, scotch bonnet-guava sauce over tots.
Now pouring Lagunitas Pils, Notch Dog & Pony Show, and SingleCut Billy Full Stack Double IPA!, Join us for dinner tonight and try our new, seasonally-inspired soup made with Gouda and Founder's All Day IPA and served with kielbasa, caramelized apples and onions, and herb bread. 

Exciting drafts this week! Rising Tide Waypoint coffee porter, Sixpoint Sensi 2015 fresh hop, and Stone Bourbon-Barrel Aged Arrogant Bastard., TGIB(runch)! Today we're rolling out six new brunch items! Featured below is our Pastrami Sammy, house made pastrami, muenster cheese, scrambled egg, coleslaw, and yellow mustard on toasted rye. Come in and try something new and pair it with one of our freshly tapped brews: Ballast Point Even Keel, Sixpoint Sensi 2015, and Rising Tide Waypoint.
See you soon!, In addition to our fantastic draft line-up, we have a pretty cool cocktail list! Join us for lunch and try our tasty new Neigh Neigh - La Caravedo Pisco, house-made red bell pepper puree, fresh lime juice, agave nectar, and muddle mint. 
Now pouring Stone Barrel-Aged Bastard, Downeast Crannberry Cider, and Notch Dog & Pony Show!, This one hits it out of the park! Try our newest pizza, the Mortadella Pie - fra' mani mortadella, brown butter-sage pumpkin, aged gouda.
Now pouring Boulevard Tank 7, Bear Republic Racer 5, and Ballast Point Habanero Sculpin!, Lunch time is almost upon us. Join us and try our delicious new Guava Shrimp - grilled shrimp, scotch bonnet-guava sauce, smoked pineapple, and yucca chips. 
Now pouring Stone Enjoy By 10.31.15 IPA, Avery Hog Heaven, and The Tap Thunderpaws on NITRO!, Good morning and happy Columbus Day Somerville! Come visit us for brunch at the restaurant where no one has a case of the Monday's! 

Love IPAs? We've got a ton! Otter Creek Double Dose, Stone Enjoy By, SingleCut Billy 18-Watt, Grimm Afterimage, to name a few..., Counting down the minutes to lunch time? Join us and try one of our newest menu items, the Italian Stallion pizza - gorganzola dolce, soppressata, caramelized onions and apples, watercress.
Now pouring Stone Enjoy by 10.31.15 IPA, Idle Hands Silk 4th Anniversary Red IPA, and Otter Creek/Lawson's Finest Liquids Double Dose DIPA!, Lunch time is creeping up...Try one of our newest additions to our main menu, the baby carrot taco - roasted baby carrots, black beans, red onions, green chili sauce, flour tortilla. 
Now pouring Two Roads Rosemary's Baby, Knee Deep Lupulin River Double IPA, and the Otter Creek & Lawson's Finest Liquids Collaboration Double Dose!!!!!!!!!, It's #tacotuesday and we've got a new one fresh off the grill! Try our Carne Asada taco with marinated steak, avocado crema, cilantro-lime onions, cotija cheese, and red chili sauce., Let us brighten your day with some tasty brews and a hearty brunch. Now pouring Foundation Wanderlust, Founders Breakfast Stout, Wormtown 'Fresh Patch' Pumpkin, and 34 more!, Only three days left for our Oktoberfest Special Menu! Check out Boston Magazine's write up http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/10/02/oktoberfest-boston-2015/, It's almost lunch time! Join us and try our delicious Bratwurst Mit Marzen - pan fried bratwurst, Paulaner Marzen gravy, carrots with dill, potato rosti, sauerkraut. Also our t-shirts make a great gift, available at both locations! 
Now pouring Maine Beer Co. Mo, Otter Creek Backseat Berner, and Grimm Artisanal Super Symmetry!, Only four days left of our Oktoberfest specials menu! Join us for lunch and try our delicious Wurst und Kraut Balle - sausage, gruyere, and sauerkraut fritters with hofbrauhause-caraway mustard.
Now pouring Sam Adams Pigs In A Blanket, BBC Coffeehouse Porter, and SingleCut Half Stack IPA, It's almost lunch time! Join us and try our delicious Kartoffelsalat - warm potato salad, creamer potatoes, brussels sprouts, baby carrots, turnips, celery root, mustard-herb sauce. 
We'll also be hosting a Ballast Point Tap and Cocktail takeover tomorrow evening starting at 6pm.
Now pouring Ballast Point Habanero Sculpin, Notch Left Of The Dial, and Widmer Marionberry Hibiscus Gose., Spice up your morning with a bloody mary made with Ballast Point Habanero Vodka! Ballast Point Brewing doesn't stop at beers and neither do we. Join us Wednesday for our Ballast Point Tap & Cocktail Takeover starting at 6pm., How do you turn a BLT into a great BLT? Double-smoked peppered bacon, juicy heirloom tomato, and tasty herb mayo. Full menu until midnight, every night!

Don't forget to stop in and check out our Oktoberfest menu before it's over! Schnitzel, spaetzel, pretzel, bratwurst!, The prep queen, Patty, preparing our pretzels for the day!, Lunch time! Try one of our delicious Oktoberfest offerings, like the Wurst und Kraut Balle - sausage, gruyere, and sauerkraut fritters with hofbrauhaus-caraway mustard. Also we'll be hosting a special event with Bulleit Distillery from 4-8pm with special guest Hollis Bulleit!
Now pouring Wormtown Hopulance, Sam Adams Pigs in a Blanket, and SingleCut Bon Bon 2xTNT IIPA!, Guten tag! What are you doing for lunch? Join us and try our delicious new appetizers from our Oktoberfest menu, like our Deutsch Hund - grilled hotdog, house made poppy seed bun, sauerkraut, whiskey pickles, and spicy mustard!
Now pouring Peak Organic Super Fresh, Hidden Cove Harvest Brown, and Stone Stochasticity: Your Father Smelt Of Elderberries., Oktoberfest has only just begun! Stop by for the next two weeks and check out our brand new menu, packed with German specialties and authentic draft selections. Wunderbar!, Join us for some very happy hours with fifth generation Bulleit family member and global ambassador Hollis Bulleit! Specialty cocktails provided and this badass Bulleit Woody tailgate trailer will be parked right outside for photos! This Thursday starting at 4pm., Guten Tag! Oktoberfest is here! Starting at 5:30pm we'll be rolling out our Oktoberfest specials menu featuring our Kitschigspätzle pictured below, paired with a stein of Paulaner Märzen (also available in a 1 liter stein!). Bis später!, It's that time of year! We'll be rolling out our new Oktoberfest Menu tomorrow evening featuring 4 of the 6 original festbiers served at the famed Munich Festival, like the Spaten Ur-Marzen! 
Now pouring Paulaner Oktoberfest Marzen, Hofbrau Oktoberfest, and Mystic Saison Renaud!, This Saturday, we'll be rolling out our very exciting Oktoberfest Menu with German-inspired dishes, featuring all Massachusetts grown and foraged porcini, chanterelles, and lobster mushrooms!
Now pouring Boulevard Funky Pumpkin, Woodchuck Gumption Cider, and Stone Bourbon Barrel-Aged Arrogant Bastard Ale., We're super excited to tap our new cask! Ballast Point's 'Grunion' is a hop exploding superstar of a pale ale. What makes our cask different? They added passionfruit and strawberry right to the barrel! Join us as we tap it at 6pm. And make sure to stop by this week, cause it will be gone before you know it!, Come in for brunch and try our Shrimp and Grits! Grilled shrimp, tasso ham-kimchi gravy, sunny side egg over our house made cheddar grits. Enjoy it with one of our new tap offerings: Wolaver's Pumpkin Ale, Dogfish Head Sixty One, Backlash Groundswell and Stone Barrel-Aged Arrogant Bastard., Another great addition to our specials menu, the all-vegan Baby Carrot Taco - roasted baby carrots, black beans, red onions, green chili sauce, on flour tortilla.
Now pouring White Birch Passionfruit IPA (on nitro), Lagunitas Little Sumpin' Extra Ale, and Ommegang Triskel Hennepin!, Rolled out some new specials this week! Try our delicious Cape Cod Bluefish - crispy seared bluefish, roasted vegetable salad, mustard-herb sauce.
Now pouring Singlecut 18-watt IPA, Grimm Artisanal Rainbow Dome, and Finch's Taco Cat., It's almost lunch time! Join us this afternoon and try our delicious Hero Sandwich - la quercia prosciutto americano, soppressata, mortadella, capicola, shredded lettuce, heirloom tomato, red onions, banana peppers, red wine vinaigrette, smith's gouda on a baguette.
Now pouring Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, Peak Organic Hop Harvest Oktoberfest, and Two Roads Via Cordis!, Happy Labor Day! Our three day brunch marathon is almost over, but we're still going strong. Fight off your last summer hangover with some eggs and gravy. Served until 3pm., Day two of our three day brunch marathon! If you're not sure what to do with your day off tomorrow, then brunch is the answer!

Our house made donut holes are just the thing to start your day off right. Apple and cinnamon, sugar dusted and served with a maple glaze. Yum!, Three day brunch marathon starts now! We're going strong Saturday through Labor Day to sling some eggs, cure some hangovers, and give you the best excuse in Somerville to day drink.

Skip the coffee and grab one of our 'Ice Box' cocktails, featuring Grady's Cold Brew iced coffee concentrate., Join us for lunch and try our delicious specials, the Pan Seared Snapper - pan seared snapper fillet, siracha aioli, late summer salad of corn, tomato, green been, arugula with ginger-scallion dressing!, I hope today is going smoothly for those of you who had to move! Come join us for dinner and celebrate our 4-year anniversary, which is today! We've come along way! A big thank you goes out to our dedicated patrons of the past 4 years. To those of you who have just moved to the Davis Square area, WELCOME!, It's Brunch time again! Check out our 'Breakfast Club,' with fried chicken, bacon marmalade, cheddar, and a fried egg on waffles. With a cornichon to boot! 

We also just tapped the elusive Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA, but at over 15% abv, you might want to save that until after brunch..., Join us for lunch/dinner and enjoy the last splash of summer, with some of our signature cocktails like the Pure Valor - gin, agave nectar, lime juice, green chartreuse, fresh cucumber and basil. Also the Tainted Love - gin, aperol, lemon juice, simple syrup, rhubarb bitters, topped with prosecco!, Even though August is coming to a close, it's STILL summer! Try one of our new specials, the Little Gem Salad - little gem lettuce, gouda cheese dressing, riesling hydrated zante currants!
Now pouring Coronado Idiot IPA, Notch Either/Or, and The Bruery Jardinier., Get your lunch on with us and try our delicious Fried Halloumi - fried halloumi cheese, herbed olives, tomato, lemon, bread crisps, and olive oil.
Now pouring Coronado Orange Ave Wit, Relic Tropicale IPA, and Otter Creek Couch Surfer!, Our Draft List is on FIRRRE! 

We've got a wide variety of IPAs, Oktoberfests, Sour Beers, classics and limited edition draft! Come by for a glass of one of our 37 rotating drafts!, Rolled out some new specials this week! Try our delicious Pan Seared Chicken - statler breast, corn, tomato, fingerling potatoes, spinach, jus. 
Now pouring Maine Beer Co. Weez, Dogfish Head Festina Peche, and Boulevard 80 Acre Wheat!, Join us for lunch and try our delicious Crab Risotto - jumbo lump crab, double-smoked peppered bacon, roasted corn, heirloom tomatoes, and walnut pesto.
Now pouring Stone Thunderstruck IPA, Notch Either/Or, and Paulaner Wiesn Bier!, Check out our specials! McDowell's Big Mick Tots, Bacon and Mushroom Pizza, and for dessert... Ice Box Cake with lemon cookies and blueberry.

Stay posted for fresh specials tomorrow!

Can't beat the heat? Our Beyond Limits cocktail features a refreshing blend of gin, lemon, prosecco, and honey liqueur to cool you down., Join us for brunch and try our new and delicious Shrimp and Grits - grilled shrimp, tasso ham-kimchi gravy, sunny side egg, and cheddar grits.
Now pouring Dogfish Festina Peche, Peak Organic White Nitro, and Downeast Unoriginal Blend., Tonight's specials include this mouthwatering Steak Sammy! Grilled bavette, dirty dirty cheese sauce, kimchi, fried pickles, beef aioli on sourdough. 

Our windows are open all night and the patio is set, so come join us! Just tapped Jack's Abby Coffee Smoke & Dagger and SingleCut Billy Full Stack Double IPA!, 'Just let your soul glow!' Join us for lunch and try our new loaded tots special, McDowell's Big Mick tots - ground beef, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, and onions over tots.
Now pouring Idle Hands Snake Eyes, Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro, and Downeast Unoriginal Blend., Taco special!

Fried Chicken | Korean BBQ Sauce | Lettuce | Avocado | Cotija Cheese | Garlic | Sesame Seed | Flour Torilla

Also come check out some brand new drafts like Maine Beer Company 'Lunch,' Harpoon 'Homer's Odyssey,' and Against the Grain 'Haarlem Globefrotters!', We're fighting off the end of summer with a new brunch cocktail! We're going to start calling the patio our 'cabana.'

Don Q Rum - Pineapple Juice - Rosemary Syrup - Lime - Peach Liqueur - Angostura

Brunch every Saturday & Sunday 10:30 - 3!, Join us for lunch today and try our delicious Grilled Peach Salad - grilled peaches, crispy la quercia prosciutto americano, heirloom tomato, feta cheese, mesclun greens, basil vinaigrette.
Did you know that today is National IPA Day? Come check out out hop-forward selection on draft and by bottle/can! 
Now pouring Founders Double Trouble, Coronado 19th Anniversary Imperial IPA, and Lord Hobo Boom Sauce. We also have Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro!, What are you doing for lunch? Come join us and try one of new additions to our menu, the lamb taco - roasted lamb belly, cilantro-lime onions, cucumber, Nantucket feta, and harissa yogurt.
Now pouring Hidden Cove Mango IPA, Boulevard Tank 7, and Stone Ruin Ten! Also pouring The Tap Thunder Paws on cask!, Brunch is happening! Try our Huevos Rancheros with fire-roasted salsa and guacamole, and pair it up with our house Chipotle Bloody Marias!, 'We got 99 problems but Shrimp and Grits ain't one.' Come join us for lunch and try our delicious Shrimp and Grits - grilled shrimp, tasso ham-kimchi gravy, sunny side egg, cheddar grits!
Now pouring Stone RuinTen, Notch Session Pils, amd Sam Adams Grumpy Monk!, So this is what you're doing for lunch...you going to join us and try our new delicious Greek Pizza - spice rubbed lamb, heirloom tomato, red onion, olives, feta cheese, and mint!
Now pouring Hidden Cove Mango IPA, SingleCut Half Stack IPA, and Lord Hobo Steal This Can Ale., What's so funny?

Come have a blast at brunch! This plaid crew is (almost) fully awake and ready to sling some coffees and bloodies!, null, Rolled out some new specials this week that look and taste DELICIOUS! Try the Asado de Hueso - roasted beef marrow, radish tabbouleh, stone and skillet english muffin.
Now pouring Otter Creek Fresh Slice, Night Shift Santilli, and Maine Beer Co. Lunch!, So this is what you're doing for lunch. You're coming going to join us, have try our delicious Grilled Hanger Steak - 8oz hanger steak, crispy fingerling potatoes, grilled little gem lettuce, pickled mustard aioli. 
Now pouring Maine Beer Co. Another One IPA, Hacker-Pschorr Hubertus Bock, and Mayflower Daily Ration!, Tonights special: Pork Belly Sandwich! cripy pork belly | kimchi green beens | boston lettuce | cabot clothbound cheddar | challah bread.

Also we're going hop crazy this week! Check out our IPA line-up:

SingleCut Billy Full Stack Double IPA
Nightshift Santilli IPA
Rock Art Simcoe IPA
Stone IPA
Dogfish Head Sixty One
Green Flash Citra Session
Founders Double Trouble IPA
Backlash Overthrow IPA
Boulevard The Calling IPA
Maine Beer Company Another One IPA
Kent Falls Waymaker Brett IPA

and more to come!, Grilled Hanger Steak - crispy fingerling potatoes | grilled little gem lettuce | pickled mustard aioli

We'll be grilling these up all night, so stop by! Just tapped Night Shift Santilli IPA, Avery Liliko'i Kepolo passionfruit wheat, and Green Flash Citra Session IPA., Come join us for lunch and check out our new loaded tots special - braised beef shank, bbq sauce, swiss cheese, chopped pickled over tots!
Now pouring Harpoon DusseledALT, Notch The Mule Corn Lager, and Sam Adams The Sphinx, What are you doing for lunch? Come dine with us! We've got some new dishes added to our menu! Try one of our new delicious starters like the Roasted Corn - miso roasted corn kernels, heirloom tomatoes, and ginger scallion sauce.
Now pouring Dogfish Head Sixty One, The Tap Bitter Rival, and a special treat, Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin IPA on nitro!, Sometimes we're so craft beer focused, we forget to honor the classics. Nothing better to beat the heat this week than to cool down with these American staples! 

Don't forget to stop by for lunch! $5 cheese pizza specials every weekday., Our brunch crew isn't dangerous (well, Makaela's a little bit unpredictable), just overly caffeinated. Make sure you join us and soak up some booze, coffee, and food, it's the best way to enjoy this hot-weather weekend!, 'It's the simple things in life that mean the most.' Come join us for lunch and try one of our delicious specials - Asparagus & Egg - asparagus, miso, cabot clouthbound cheddar, sunny-side egg.
Now pouring Peak Organic Citrus Saison, Rock Art Simcoe IPA, and Wormtown Bottle Rocket!, Rolling out some new specials this week! Try our new loaded tots special, Magic Mushroom Tots - sauteed mixed mushrooms, Allen Benton's country smoked ham, and Bayley Hazen blue cheese over tots. 
Now pouring Sierra Nevada Hoptinite, Long Trail Berliner Weisse, and Lord Hobo Boom Sauce., Rolling out some new menu items today! Come join us for lunch and try our grilled peach salad - grilled peached, crispy la quercia prosciutto americano, heirloom tomato, feta cheese, mesclun greens, basil vinaigrette. This would go nicely with a can of Night Shift Whirpool, just sayin....., Chelsea getting a taste of kitchen life! Turns out she can make a pretty mean vinaigrette., It's perfect patio weather! Come grab some brunch and celebrate the last of your holiday weekend. Jabari and Katie are waiting..., Does it get any more American than this? Plaid, Bud heavies, and the best damn staff on the planet. Join us for brunch and celebrate your independence from boring food!, Make sure y'all try our new special! Slow-roasted pork shoulder in a chipotle-apple reduction, sweet & spicy beans and rice, cilantro and lime-marinated red onions, and a refreshing cucumber raita to cool things down. This will pair great with a Cidre Dupont Bouche Brut, a dry complex cider from France., Lunch time is almost upon us....Come join us and try our delicious Enchiladas de Verduras - corn, squash, and mushrooms in corn tortillas, with red chile sauce, cashew-oregano crumble, roasted onion sauce, and arroz verde!
Now pouring Boulevard The Calling, Knee Deep Simtra Triple IPA, and Harpoon DusseledALT!, Tonight is the night! Come celebrate our "Night of Summer Beer and Cider" with Downeast Cider House and Henniker Brewing Co. from 6-8pm! We'll also be serving some snakebites with the Downeast Original Blend Cider and the Henniker Working Man's Porter! 
Now pouring Stone Cali-Belgique IPA, Foundation Burnside, and Notch The Mule, Corn Lager!, Celebrate July with Downeast Cider and Henniker Brewing Co. tomorrow night! We'll be pouring some of their best summer offerings as well as threadin' up some sweet snakebites with the Original Blend Cider and Working Man's Porter., Brunch is happening! In honor of today's forecast were busting out  some warm and yummy horchata coffees with Rumchata, Galliano, and cinnamon. Yum. 

Looking for big beers? We got you covered! Ballast Point Tongue Buckler 10% | Stillwater Vacuum 8% | Harpoon Rusty's Red Rye aged in Bully Boy rum barrels 8.4%, It's been quite a week for Davis Square! Thank you to all of our dedicated patrons of Five Horses Tavern! Due to unfortunate circumstances, our kitchen will be closed for the rest of the evening. We will however be serving plenty of what we're known for....CRAFT BEER! 
Now pouring White Birch Belgian Pale Ale, Maine Beer Co. Peeper Ale, and Ballast Point Habanero Sculpin. Also Mystic "The Hum" Porter on cask!, This is Walter, and he's one of the key components that drives the mighty brunch machine here at Five Horses. If you're hungry, this guy will see to it that you leave full and happy. Join us today and tomorrow for brunch (10:30-3:00) and reward your belly after the long work week you just finished up!, Hot muggy weather calls for lighter food and beer. Try our new Loaded Tots with harissa-spiced ground lamb, cool cucumber yogurt, and fresh mint, cilantro, and parsley. Pair it up with Ithaca's new Cranbretty Berliner weisse and you've got a refreshing combo to quell the heat!, Need something quick and easy for lunch? Come join us and try our delicious Fried Halloumi - fried halloumi cheese, herbed olives, tomato, lemon, bread crisps, and olive oil.
Now pouring Hacker-Pschorr Hubertus Maibock, Knee Deep Lupulin IPA, and Idle Hands The End Double IPA!, Tonight's risotto special: Jumbo Lump Crab | Double-Smoked Bacon | Corn | Heirloom Tomato

It screams summer! And join us for lunch if you feel like avoiding the disaster on Elm Street. $5 cheese pizzas until 4pm, and the best draft list in Davis all day!, Fan of snakebites? Join us next Wedneday to kick off July with Henniker brewing of New Hampshire and Downeast Cider! We'll be threading some Working Man's porter with Downeast's original blend, and featuring each of their summer offerings: Henniker Artisan and Downeast Lemonade. Glass giveaway's and swag! July 1, 6-8pm., The Downeast Infusion Night is about to start. We literally just hooked up "randall" - their special infuser, to the Original Blend Cider. It's smells and tastes AMAZING! Come join us tonight from 6-8pm this evening. We'll also be featuring the Cranberry Cider on draft and the Hard Lemonade by the can!, Tonight is the night! Join us for the Downeast Ciderhouse Infusion Night from 6-8pm! We'll be running the flagship Original Blend through the special "randall" infusion chamber, packed with fresh peaches, strawberries, and lemon rind. We'll also be pouring the Cranberry Blend as well as the Hard Lemonade by the can!
Now pouring Boulevard Hibiscus Gose, Wormtown Blonde Cougar, and Otter Creek Backseat Berner IPA! Also Heavy Seas Grapefruit Loose Cannon IPA on cask!, Join us tomorrow 6-8pm for Downeast Cider Infusion night, featuring a one-of-a-kind Strawberry-Peach cider. Follow us on instagram @5horsestavern, Eggs and bacon. Lettuce and tomato. Brunch BLT! 

Join us Wednesday 6-8pm with Downeast Cider! We'll be hooking their "Randall" draught infuser up to the Original Blend and doing an on-the-spot, one-of-a-kind cider infusion with Peaches & Strawberry!, It's been a long, muggy week. You deserve a drink. Come join us, and cool off with a classic cocktail and some lunch! This Hemingway Daiquiri is calling your name..., So when you join us for lunch today, you should go for our delicious Grilled Peach Salad special - grilled peached, heirloom tomato, feta cheese, mesclun greens, basil vinaigrette! 
Now pouring Allagash Victoria, Otter Creek Backseat Berner, and Dogfish Head Midas Touch. Also the CBC Topaz IPA on cask made exclusively for Five Horses Tavern!, Lunch time is coming up.....What are you doing for lunch? Come join us and try our delicious Green-sih Monstah pizza - andouille chicken sausage, green peppers, white onions, broccoli, basil puree', and mozzarella cheese. 
Now pouring Notch Session Pils, Sam Adams Honey Queen, and Night Shift 87 IPA. Now featuring CBC Topaz IPA on cask!!!!, Good morning brunch fiends! If you haven't noticed, we've added a couple new instant-classics to our menu. Take a look at the Andouille Burger:

Andouille sausage-beef patty, bacon, creole mustard, fried onion, boston lettuce, fried egg, on an English muffin from Boston's own Stone & Skillet.

It's a mouth-full... there's a bench outside if you need to lie down after., The smiling power of the Five Horses Brunch Squad is equal to a thousand glowing suns, especially when they've had as much coffee and Red Bull as this crew has. Come join us today or tomorrow and bask in all that warmth!, You CAN do it! Join us for lunch and wash it down with the always fresh Night Shift Whirlpool - Soft and juicy pale ale bursting with notes of ripe peach and citrus. 
Now pouring Peak Organic Pomegranate Wheat, Coronado Senor Saison, and Hidden Cove Castoff IPA!, Tonight is the night! Come join us for the Wachusett Brewing Hopamania Tour featuring three awesome drafts, your very own "hopsicles" so that you can dry-hop your own beer! The event will be from 6-9pm!, What are you up to tomorrow? Why not hang out with Wachusett  Co. as they visit Five Horses as part of their Hopamania Tour! We'll be featuring three awesome drafts from their line up, and best of all, you can dry-hop your own beer with their nifty "hopsicles," packed with fresh hops for the ultimate beer experience. 6-9pm, or drop by after you've visited our booth at the Taste of Somerville!, Hey Somerville, brunch is happening! This week we're proud to debut our new vegan mouthwaterer: The Fatstack. Almond Milk Pancakes - Lemon Zest - Maple Blueberry Syrup.

We just tapped Maine Beer Co. Lunch IPA. It wont last long so come grab a glass today!

Last but not least, join us this Wednesday 6-9pm for Wachusett Hopamania. Dry-hop your own beer right at the bar with Wachusett's nifty new hopsicles! You choose the beer/hop combo for ultimate freshness., With the warm weather finally here we decided it was time to unveil some new brunch items! This is our new Andouille Burger- a grilled Andouille sausage and beef patty topped with fried onions, bacon, Boston bibb lettuce, Creole mustard, and a big ol' fried egg, all served on a local Stone and Skillet English muffin. Pretty tasty stuff., Hey Horse fans! Join us next Wednesday June 3rd for our Hopamania event with Wachusett Brewing Company. This event will allow you to infuse your beer with Chinook and Citra hops to create your own unique style. It starts at 7:00 so make sure you drop by. Or make an evening of it and see us at the Taste of Somerville first (also on the 3rd) and then wrap up the night drinking beers and sharing laughs at Hopamania!, Come joins us for lunch! Try our delicious enchiladas de veduras - corn, squash, and mushrooms in corn tortillas, with red chile sauce, cashew-oregano crumble, roasted onion sauce, and arroz verde. VEGAN-FRIENDLY and GLUTEN FREE!
Now pouring Coronado Senor Saison, North Coast Puck the Beer, and Green Flash Le Freak., Happy Memorial Day everyone! Confused what to do with your day off? Come brunch with us, 1030am - 3pm! We're rounding off our holiday weekend with another slew of eggs, coffee, bacon, and bloodys. #memorialdayweekend #brunch #daydrinking, Day two of our three day brunch marathon, and the weather couldn't be better! Join us tomorrow for a special Memorial Day brunch, 10:30 - 3pm. 

Just tapped: Maine Beer Co. "Another One IPA," Firestone Walker "Pivo Pils," and Mayflower "Summer Rye Ale." Just one of our 37 draft beers, like our super rare Stone IPA CASK! #nerax #craftbeer #brunch, Today we're kicking off our three day brunch marathon! Strap on those Saturday morning sunglasses and dive into hangover's worst enemy: the breaky sammy. #tots. Served fresh through Monday.

Three days of brunch is three great excuses to day drink!, Kick off your Memorial Day weekend with one of our new cocktails! This is the Tainted Love, and it's a refreshing combination of gin, Aperol, lemon juice, rhubarb bitters, and a splash of prosecco to spritz it up. For those of you that are staying in town this weekend, we're serving brunch Saturday, Sunday, AND Monday. That should give you plenty of options to drink during the day., Happy Wednesday! For lunch, you should have the Green-sh Monstah - andouille chicken sausage, green peppers, white onion, broccoli, basil puree, mozzarella cheese!
Now pouring Victory Hop Ticket Dry-Hopped Saison, Sam Adams Kosmic Mother Funk, and Stone IPA on cask!, These vegan enchiladas will make you forget how much you like meat. Corn, squash, and mushroom in corn tortillas with red chile sauce, oregano cashews, roasted onion sauce, and kickass arroz verde. Just one of our many out-of-the-box vegan/vegetarian offerings., What are you doing for brunch?!?! Come join us and try our delicious Southern Comfort - two eggs sunnyside up, fried chicken, thyme biscuits, and sausage gravy! We'll be serving brunch until 3pm today.
Now pouring Mayflower Golden Ale, Hacker-Pschorr Hefeweizen, and Peak Organic Summer Session., It's turning out to be a funky brunch! Stop by and try one of our many sour/funked beers that we currently have on our menu, including Sixpoint's Jammer Gose. We also have Sam Adam's Kosmic Mother Funk Grand Cru, Grimm's Telekinesis, Night Shift's Brett's Brett IPA, and Allagash's Session Brett. These beers have a wonderful complexity and, in the case of the Jammer and the Telekinesis, a refreshing tartness that's perfect for the warmer weather. Get funky!, Feast your eyes on this majestic stack of silver owls! Yup, we finally put Night Shift's Whirlpool on our bottle and can list. This light-bodied pale ale is super juicy, making it the perfect choice when the weather creeps up past 80. Stop in and knock a couple back today!, This week we're featuring some awesome draft only releases. Victory's Hop Ticket Dry-Hopped Saison, as well as two from Allagash: Session Brett and Bourbon Barrel Black Ale! 

We also just tapped two awesome new local beers. Notch Brewing's last Single Series release, Zen Arcade, a hoppy wheat ale brewed with Citra, Mosaic, and Equinox. And Backlash's brand new IPA, Ricochet, double-dry hopped with Falconer's Flight, Citra, and Columbus. 

Don't miss our fresh cask, Sixpoint's Righteous Ale, specially dry hopped just for us with loads of Cascade hops. Check out our full draft list here --> http://fivehorsestavern.com/davis-square/on-tap, Happy Mother's Day from the Horses! Our patio is set for another beautiful day. Join us for brunch until 3pm, and as always, our kitchen is open 'til midnight.

Just tapped - Maine Beer Co Peeper Ale, Finch's Wet Hot American Wheat, and Backlash Brewing's newest IPA: Ricochet!, Our beer special this week is Ballast Point's Grapefruit Sculpin, possibly the most perfect brunch beverage of all time. They combine the spicy hop bite of their Sculpin IPA with fresh grapefruit juice. It's dry, citrusy, and refreshing. Join us for brunch today or tomorrow and enjoy a few!, Boom. New pizza added to the roster. This is the Green-ish Monstah, loaded with chicken andouille sausage, green peppers, broccoli, onion, basil puree and mozzarella. It's not too heavy, making it perfect as a lunch option. Pair it with a Wolaver's Wildflower Wheat and and you're good to go!, Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone! We're stocked up on tequila and Tecate, so stop on by.

Tomorrow! Allagash tap takeover featuring a line-up of some of their most kickass beers. Rare, wild, and barreled beers pouring all night from Maine's leading Belgian-inspired brew house. Chat with brewery representatives and contemplate the complexity of their awesome brews. 6pm!, Big thanks to everyone who came out for our first annual Kentucky Derby Party! We had a blast and hope you did as well. 

Don't forget to check back for out Allagash tap takeover this Wednesday, featuring rare and barreled drafts. Cheers!, It's our first annual Kentucky Derby Day Party and what better way to kick it off than drinking a Founder's KBS? Truly the breakfast of champions (and thoroughbreds). Our party starts at 3:00, bring your fancy hats and your appetite for Derby-themed food and mint juleps!, null, With the weather warming up it's time for piles and piles of smoked ribs to be enjoyed. Remember, it's not summer 'till you've consumed your own body weight in ribs and beer!, So this is what you're doing for lunch today...You're going to join us grab a table out in the patio or by the window, and try one of our delicious sandwich specials like the Chickpea Salad Sandwich - chickpeas, raisins, pecans, chervil, scallion and tahini salad with bibb lettuce on raisin pecan bread. Goes great with tots!
Now pouring Boulevard Saison-Brett, Ace Honey Hard Cider, and Maine Beer Co. Weez!, You're invited! Join us this Saturday for our 1st Annual Kentucky Derby Party. Bourbon never looked so good, in Somerville's best mint julep! Come for the 141st Run for the Roses, 3pm - 7pm. We'll be dishing up some special derby snacks and mixing up some authentic Kentucky libations. Hat contest with cash prizes, so come wearing your Churchill Downs best!, Stop in today and visit Tina for one of her last brunch shifts at the Davis Square location! She's gonna miss these fine folks as she makes her way to the South End spot., Caffeine. That's what it takes to fuel this brunch crew every weekend, gallons and gallons of coffee and Red Bull. You can join our caffeinated crew every Saturday and Sunday from 10:30 to 3:00. Oh, and we have lots of booze too., Make sure you take the time to stop in and try one of our beer specials! The Stillwater Artisanal Ales "Brontide" is a dark saison that balances roasty chocolate notes with the spice of a Trappist yeast strain. For those that like their beer with a hoppier bite, Rising Tide's "Maine Island Trail Ale" is a session ale packed with Citra and Simcoe hops. They're both great, make sure to get 'em before they're gone!, No more snow! No more rain! It's tulip season! Come join us for lunch and grab a table in the patio! Also don't forget about our Derby Party - Saturday, May 2nd, from 3-7PM. 
Now pouring Victory Kirsch Gose, Great Divide Hoss Rye Lager, and CBC Mahatma Blandhi!, We're gearing up for the derby! Save the date and get working on your most outrageous Churchill Downs hat. Special derby menu, hor d'oeuvres, and a slew of fresh Kentucky cocktails. Party in style while you watch this year's Run for the Roses!, On your mark get set go! Happy Patriot's/Marathon Monday everyone! We'll be serving brunch until 3pm today! 
Now pouring Ommegang Hennepin, Jack's Abby Mass Rising, and Mayflower Squanto!, Brunch is in full swing until 3pm. Come by and grab a glass of Mayflower Squanto. New from their Cooper's Series, this farmhouse style ale is perfect for a sunny spring Sunday. Really though, any excuse is a good excuse to hang out with Zack.

Join us tomorrow for a special Marathon Monday brunch!, It's the perfect day for two-fistin' beers and eating brunch on our patio!, Just a little rain folks! Remember April showers bring May flowers! That being said, get out of the rain and join us for lunch and try one of our new specials like our Scallops Wrapped in Bacon - fresh sea scallops wrapped in crispy, peppered bacon with chili-lime mayo!
Now pouring Ballast Point Victory at Sea, White Birch Rapsberry Berliner, and of course Sam Adams 26.2 Brew!, A sunny breezy day, sounds like patio weather! Ash and Chris are rockin' the shift so make sure you come by and say hi!, Nothing like a nice Hefeweizen on a warm day! We have a nice selection of theses traditional German Wheat Biers like the Erdinger Hefeweizen - hazy and unfiltered wheat beer with flavors and aromas of banana, clove, and spice. 5.3%
Now pouring Heavy Seas Double Cannon, Maine Beer Co. Tiny Beautiful Something, and (cask-conditioned) Troegs Hopback Amber!, The sun is out.  It's going to be 70 degrees later today. Opening day at Fenway. Best Monday ever! Joins us for lunch and grab a table out on the patio and enjoy our delicious White Bean Hummus - cannellini beans, herbs, chiles, garlic, and your choice of bread crisps and/or fresh carrots & cucumbers.
Now pouring Jack's Abby Mass Rising, White Birch Raspberry Berliner, and Idle Hands First Pitch!, Noe and Erik served up a healthy and delicious staff meal this morning. Now we are all energized and ready to dish up some amazing brunch! And YES, our patio is open!!!, PATIO IS OPEN! 'Nuff said. (Although Chris seems to be giving everyone a steely gaze he's just squinting in the sun)., Wow! An unprecedented TWO posts in one day! Just wanted to share our new hanger steak presentation with everyone. It's an      8oz grilled hanger steak with Cabot clothbound cheddar gratin potatoes, red wine-glazed mushrooms, oven-roasted green beans, and a spicy green chile sauce. Stop in and let us know what you think!, For a great lunch idea, try our new vegan Enchiladas de las Verduras. We take corn, mushrooms, and squash and wrap them in corn tortillas and bake them 'til they're golden. Then we serve them with red chile sauce, roasted onion sauce, pico de gallo and a cashew-oregano crumble, all accompanied by arroz verde. It's the perfect tasty/healthy meal!, How about an appetizer you can all share? Try one of our newest additions to the menu, the Fried Halloumi - fried halloumi cheese, herbed olives, tomato, lemon, bread crisps, drizzled with olive oil.
Now pouring Boulevard Tank 7 Famrhouse Ale, Maine Beer Co. Mo, and Long Trail Limbo IPA!, Sure we love those hop driven IPA's as much as the next guy! We also love those classic German Helles Lagers like the Augustiner Lagerbier Hell - classic German pale lager, sparkling, refreshing, with soft notes of citrus followed by a slightly sweet finish. 5.7%
Now pouring Sam Adams Crystal Pale Ale, Avery The Reverend, and Maine Beer Co. Mo., Need a quick bite for lunch? Come join us and try one of our delicious pizzas like the 'Shroom 'Za - herb mushrooms, goat's milk ricotta, rosemary-tomato sauce. 
Now pouring Victory Moving Parts 3 IPA, Avery The Reverend, and Ace Perry Cider!, Happy Easter from Five Horses Tavern! Stop by and enjoy a delicious brunch today from 1030 a.m. until 3 p.m. Oscar and Noe are ready in the kitchen to serve you up a scrumptious meal!!!, Georgie, Erik and Jonathan- the V8 Powerstroke Diesel that drives the entire kitchen. Without these guys there'd be no brunch. Thanks to their efforts, though, we'll ensure that Davis Square always has a brunch destination! Come by and see us from 10:30-3:00 every Saturday and Sunday. Bacon + Beer = Instant Gratification!, For our beer special this week we're offering something a little different- alcoholic root beer! Small Town Brewery, out of Wisconsin, makes Not Your Father's Root Beer, an ale spiced to mimic the flavors of that childhood classic. It's pretty damned delicious, make sure you stop by and try one!, Hats, hats, hats! It's time to start creating your ultimate hat for our Derby Day Party on Saturday May 2. In addition to the best hat contest, we'll be offering Kentucky Derby-themed drinks, food specials, and more! Save the date!, Getting warmer and warmer out there! It's cider weather! Come join us for lunch and try our cider special, Far From The Tree Rind Cider - Made from 100% Massachusetts apples, orange rind, coriander, and fermented with a Belgian Saison yeast!, Okay, it's a chilly outside. No sweat! Warm up with us for lunch and try one of our new menu items, like the Shakshuka - moroccan mergues ragout, harissa, poached egg, crispy halloumi, spicy green chili sauce, and grilled flatbread.
Now pouring Stone Enjoy By 4.20.15 IPA, Boulevard The Calling, and Downeast Oaked Maple Cider., No, this isn't how we start off our shift at Five Horses (well, not every day...), just Miguel showcasing what you're looking for on a cold snowy day- beer, bourbon, brunch, and a warm fireplace. Come and thaw out with us, grab some food and drinks, and forget about the miserable weather for at least a portion of your day!, Make sure you check out our new 'Nduja Pizza special! 'Nduja is a spicy spreadable pork sausage from Calabria that is made with roasted chili peppers. The sausage is combined with our rich tomato sauce, and we round it out with basil and fresh mozzarella. It has the perfect amount of heat to chase away those rainy day blues!, Frank! Your Heineken Light is back in stock! You're the only person that drinks them so we better see you Friday night..., Finally, a day where you can almost dress like a normal human being again! Celebrate the warmer weather with our new Vegetable Risotto special. This rich concoction features asparagus, basil, fresh spinach, and peas with nutty walnut pesto, pioppino mushrooms and some shaved Cabot Clothbound Cheddar over the top. The bold flavors of spring will certainly brighten your day!, It's nothing but warm days and sunshine from here on in! Come join us for lunch and try our delicious Grazing Plate - soy-roasted mushrooms, 24hr tomatoes, parsnip puree, maple-chile sweet potato puree, black kale, red quinoa.
Now pouring Victory Hop Ticket, Uinta Yard Sale Lager, and Element Tachyon Sake IPA! Heavy Seas Loose Cannon on cask!, We've got some pretty solid desserts, if you didn't know already. Try our delicious Nutella and Drunken Banana - bourbon-glazed bananas and chocolatey-hazelnut spread on toasted brioche served with a side of house-made raspberry coulis!
Now pouring Hidden Cove Crossfoot, Downeast Maple Oaked Cider, and CBC Spring Training IPA!, It's almost lunch time! Come join us and try our delicious Fried Chicken Salad - mesclun greens, avocado, cotija cheese, red onions, buttermilk scallion sauce. 
Now pouring Rogue Farms Fresh Roast, Firestone Union Jack IPA, and Jack's Abby Leisure Time Lager!, Wanna try something new for brunch today? Try our new french toast bread pudding! This little gem is an apple cinnamon bread pudding served with bourbon-apple maple syrup. Sounds delicious, right? Stop in, we will be serving brunch until 3 p.m. today!, Here's Davey putting the finishing touches on his next artistic masterpiece, a work of art he's creating simply for your enjoyment and viewing pleasure. Brunch is served at 10:30 so make sure you don't let this sorry excuse for snow keep you away from bacon and bloodies!, The weekend is the perfect time to treat yourself! Start it off right with our new Pan-Seared Salmon special- served skin-on with a sweet pea mash, beets, snap peas, beet puree, and a lively horseradish-dill creme fraiche. The richness of the salmon combines perfectly with the sweet peas and earthy beets. Pair it with a Night Shift Einbeck and now you're on the way to instant gratification!, Hello Horse fans! Join us Saturday May 2 for the Five Horses Derby Day Party! Come by and help us celebrate the 141st Kentucky Derby with food and drink specials, contests, and of course, the best mint juleps in town! We'll keep you posted on the details but make sure y'all save the date. The Run for the Roses has never been more fun!, Little cold out there. No problem! Come and join us for lunch and warm up by the fireplace and try our delicious Smoked Chicken - house-smoked half chicken, Mexican-ish rice, cumin-cilantro baby carrots.
Now pouring Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, Woodstock Inn Double Pig's Ear, and Peak Organic Espresso Amber Ale., Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us at Five Horses Tavern - Davis! Come join us for lunch and/or dinner and try one of our drink specials like Glendalough Poitin - traditional Irish spirits fermented from beets and malted barley. Try either the premium Poitin, the Sherry Cask-aged, or the Mountain Strength. Also check out the Single Malt Irish Whiskey!, Join us for lunch! Get nice and toasty by the fireplace and try our delicious Brussels Sprouts - sprouts, pork belly, pickled apples, fish sauce vinaigrette, and shiitake mushrooms! 
Now pouring Murphy's Dry Irish Stout NITRO, O' Hara's Red Ale, and Wachusett Larry Imperial IPA!, It's the annual St. Patty's Day 5k in Davis Square! Runners, run on into Five Horses Tavern afterwards and join us for free Harpoon! We will also be serving brunch from 1030 am until 3 pm!  See you at the finish line!, While bloodies and mimosas get all the love for brunch, beer is just as good and makes for versatile food pairings. Here we have a solid Saturday lineup- Harpoon's Tawny Rauch, Woodstock Inn's Double Pig's Ear brown ale, and Alpine's Duet IPA., Spring is almost here!!!! Come join us for lunch and try our newest  loaded tot special, the Foghorn Leghorn Tots - fried chicken, manchego cheese, banana peppers, chopped pickles, red dragon sauce, buttermilk scallion sauce over tots.
Now pouring Oskar Blues Pinner Throwback IPA, Wasatch Polygamy Porter Nitro, and Peak Organic Nut Brown Ale on CASK!, Well, our extended family just got a little bigger. Congratulations to our sous chef Eric and his wife Kelley on the arrival of Noah Porter Wagner, the newest addition to our Five Horses stable. Not only is he adorable but he's named after a beer. Speaking of, I'm sure Eric and Kelley are ready for a few themselves..., Plans for lunch yet? Come join us and try our delicious Cuban-style Rice and Beans - smoked pork shoulder, garlicky red beans, rice, and pico de gallo. Wash it down with a crisp Augustiner Helles Bier - light golden-colored lager that's crisp, dry, refreshing, and sessionable at 5.7%, It's only going to get warmer and warmer!! Come and join us for lunch and use that Living Social Lunch Promo you bought months ago, as today will be the last day of the promotion! 
Now pouring Mayflower Spring Hop Ale, Sam Adams Helles Bock, and Evil Twin Hop Flood. Peak Organic Nut Brown on cask!, The sun is out! Let the great thaw begin! Join us for lunch and try our delicious Papas Fritas - crispy triple-fried fingerling potatoes, with red peppers-garlic mayo. This would pair nicely the Jack's Abby Hoponius Union IPL!
Now pouring Ballast Point Calico, Alpine Hoppy Birthday, and Wastach Polygamy Porter on nitro!, We've got plenty of lemons and limes to garnish your brunch cocktail! Serving up some delicious brunch today from 1030 am until 3pm!, What's the secret to our Icebox brunch cocktail? A vat of Grady's Cold Brew bigger than Davey's head. We get this shipped up from Brooklyn once a week and it's the essential ingredient that makes the drink. Combined with hazelnut/espresso vodka and some milk it'll keep you happy and fully charged until the hangover wears off., Don't forget- Living Social lunch vouchers expire next Tuesday March 10th. There's nothing better than sitting by our fireplace and staving off the cold with a delicious salad or sandwich!, Stop in for lunch and try our new Shakshuka special! Moroccan merguez (lamb sausage) ragout, spicy housemade harissa, green chile sauce, crispy halloumi cheese and a poached egg, all accompanied by grilled flatbread. It's perfect to chase away the cold weather. Pair it up with one of our 37 draft beers and you'll be even warmer!, Our main man in the kitchen, Milton, is getting caffeinated for the day. One thing's for sure- With all the Red Bull and coffee he drinks, the food practically flies out of the kitchen!, Warm up by the fire with a Woodford Reserve Bourbon or choose from over 100 different bourbons, scotches or whiskeys! We've got something up your alley on this beautiful March day!, Our March training seminar focused on whiskey and distillation, two of our favorite topics. You can almost feel the waves of concentration emanating from the staff! Thank you Corey Bunnewith from Boston Harbor Distillery and Inspired Beverages for emceeing the show like a superstar!, Quality control! Brian, Davey and Jabari are tasting the Wolavers Alta Gracia Coffee Porter, brewed with 100% fair trade, organic Dominican coffee beans. A sure way to jump start your day! 

We are serving brunch today from 10am until 3pm. Hope to see you here!, Fresh out of the oven! Our thyme biscuits are served with our Southern Comfort, which is sausage gravy, fried chicken and sunnyside eggs! A perfect way to beat the cold! Brunch is served every Saturday and Sunday from 1030 am until 3 pm. Hope to see you soon!, Pizza and whiskey are really all you need in life!

Just hit the specials menu: Artichoke-spinach pizza with Cabot clothbound cheddar., Just do it! Come join us for lunch and try our delicious Tavern Burger - 8 oz grass-fed beef burger, lettuce, roasted tomato confit, pickled red onion, and pickled cucumber.
Now pouring CBC Thank You Mr Maillard!, Bantam Rojo Cider, and Stone Enjoy By 3.14.15 IPA!, Lunch hour isn't over yet! Come join us and try our delicious Smoked Chicken - house-smoked half chicken, Mexcian-ish rice, and cumin-cilantro baby carrots!
Now pouring Harpoon Tom & Ken's Hoppy Adventure, Enlightenment Hofman, and Magic Hat Big Hundo IPA!, Our food menu is 'all over the map.' Try our delicious Cuban-style Rice and Beans - house-smoked pork shoulder, garlicky red beans, rice and pico de gallo! Now pouring Notch Rauchbier, Green Flash Soul-Style IPA, and Jack's Abby Hopstitution # 7: Oil!, Michael is ready to seat you next to our warm and toasty fireplace! Today we are serving brunch from 1030 am until 3pm! Don't forget about our extensive draught list. We just tapped the Mayflower Winter Oatmeal Stout on cask and it's delicious!, Ryan and Devin are busy preparing garnishes for our Bloody Marys because they know that's what motivates you to get out of bed in the morning. Don't let them down. We'll be serving brunch and bloodies 'til 3:00 all weekend, every weekend., Warm up with us tonight and try one of our delicious specials like the Grilled Cheese and Tomato soup - gruyere cheese on sourdough with a cup of creamy tomato-basil soup. 
Now pouring Notch Session Rauchbier, Woodstock Inn Pig's Ear, and Evil Twin Hop Flood!, Cold day, hot soup! Warm up with a bowl of our beef noodle soup- braised short rib, baby bok choy, and noodles swimming in an oxtail-chili broth. Pair it with an Avery Hog Heaven dry-hopped barleywine and your day just got better!, What are you doing for lunch? Come join us for a quick bite by the fireplace and try our new loaded tots special, Tijuana Tots - ground beef, avocado, lettuce, pickled red onions, chipotle-cheddar bechamel, and cilantro-lime crema! Now pouring Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro, Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, and Avery Hog Heaven., Do you know what day it is today? Taco Tuesday! Come join us for lunch and try a 2 or 3 combo of our delicious tacos like (l-r) TUNA TACO: shichimi-dusted rare seared tuna, greens, jimaca, avocado, blood orange-chile glaze; TORO FURIOSO: SPICY marinated short rib, banana peppers, pickled thai peppers, red dragon sauce, micro cilantro; and PORK BELLY TACO; crisped confit pork belly, pickled red onions, dragon lady sauce. All served on flour tortillas., Did you know that we're serving brunch today until 3pm?!? Come join us and have a seat by the fireplace and try our delicious The Cap'n - Cap'n Crunch-coated French toast sticks, with raspberry coulis, 100% maple syrup, powdered sugar, and fruit salad!, Jabari is clearing a path for you to enjoy some tasty drinks and some delicious brunch! We are open our regular business hours today, from 1030 a.m. until 1 a.m., It's crazy how much love is in the air at Five Horses Tavern! Stop by and see Zack and Ash for some brunch classics or have them create a special drink for you or your valentine. And for that romantic touch, Zack might even offer you a Rolo..., Valentine's Day is tomorrow!!! Make sure you put us in your date book and stop by to enjoy great beer and cocktails. The Brooklyn Sorachi Ace speaks for itself but the sexy number on the left is called In Your Dreams, and it's made with Grey Goose Poire, pomegranate juice, lime, cinnamon syrup, and a dash of ginger beer and bitters. Just right for a date night out!, Jonathan and Juan G., the beating heart of the Five Horses family! These guys cook so you don't have to, no matter the weather. Let us take care of you when the snow falls and falls and you need to get out of the house or office (or T station). The 37 beers we have on draft don't hurt either..., Just don't think about the commute today! Come join us for lunch and go for the Tavern Chili - short rib, oxtail, kielbasa, manchego cheese, three beans and fifteen chili peppers served with a bowl of tortilla chips. 
No need to call us, we'll open ALL day during our regular hours of operation!, Good morning all! We'll be open during our regular hours today! It's definitely 'stout weather'! Come sit by the fireplace and try our tasty Rogue Shakespeare Oatmeal Stout - 5.7% ABV - Ebony in color with a rich creamy head, an earthy flavor that comes from the oats, and a mellow chocolate aftertaste. 

Now pouring Jack's Abby Hopstitution #7 Oil, Night Shift Embark IPA, and Troegs Nugget Nectar!, Can you handle the Breakfast Club? This tall order is served with a kfc-style chicken breast, bacon marmalade, fried egg, cheddar, frisee, cornichons, creole mustard on toasted waffles with a side of fruit salad. 
Swing on by the tavern for some tasty brunch served from 10:30 a.m. until 3 p.m. every Saturday and Sunday. Heads up! We will be serving brunch on President's day too!, When he's not crushing homeruns on our softball team, KevMo is the conductor that orchestrates the symphonic synergy between the kitchen crew and the front-of-house staff. Simply put- He makes sure the food gets to your table. Come by and check out his skillz during brunch and dinner and know that a true pro is calling the shots!, Warm up with us today for lunch and try our new loaded tots special - French Onion Soup Tots - caramelized onions, gruyere cheese, madeira wine sauce. Now pouring Green Flash Jibe Session IPA, Poperings Hommel Belgian IPA, and Troegs Nugget Nectar!!!!!!, Well, the Horse Force conquered New Hampshire again! Great skiing, great beer and amazing people rounded out a day filled with laughs, camaraderie and, ultimately, hangovers and lost dignity. Thanks especially to Erin and the Woodstock crew for hosting us. It's always great to see you guys!, Good afternoon everyone. Just a reminder we'll be closed today, tomorrow for some routine maintenance. We'll reopen for dinner Wednesday evening. Thank you for your patience. Stay warm and be safe!, It's an exciting day for some brunch! Today we are featuring a staff favorite, the chimichanga that has black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, cotija cheese, served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream.

As a reminder we will be closing early today. Food until 4 pm, last call at 430 pm. We will be reopening Wednesday (Feb. 4) at 5 pm.

GO PATS!!!!, Woo hoo! Allison is ready to tackle the diamonds at Loon Mountain, where we'll be celebrating our annual Five Horses ski party! Don't worry though, we're still serving brunch today and tomorrow. Remember that we'll be closing early tomorrow. Food until 4:00, last call at 4:30. We'll be reopening Wednesday (Feb.4) at 5:00, recharged and ready to rock (and hopefully uninjured)., Hello Horse fans! It's that time of year when we close the shop for a few days and take the crew out for our annual ski trip to Loon Mountain (search and rescue teams are already on standby). We will be closing at 5:00 Sunday February 1st (food 'til 4, last call at 4:30) and will reopen at 5:00 Wednesday February 4th. Hopefully we'll have some great stories to share with you next week!, We just tapped our first keg of Heverlee Belgian Lager! This ultra-crisp beer has a delicate floral bitterness thanks to the addition of Saaz hops. It's a great palate-cleanser after the deluge of strong winter warmers this time of year. A shout-out to Joris Brams and the Heverlee crew, thanks for stopping by for lunch!, Winter Storm Juno is finally behind us!! We're back to our regular hours! Join us for lunch and try our delicious Tavern Chili - short rib, oxtail, kielbasa, manchego, three beans and fifteen chili peppers served with a bowl of tortilla chips. Now pouring Bantam Wunderkind Cider, Stone Vanilla Bean Porter, and Smuttynose Smoked Peach Berliner-Weisse., Getting a little stir crazy? (Now if you're in walking distance), come join us for a late lunch/early dinner as we'll be opening our doors at 3PM!!!, Good evening devoted guest! Due to the weather conditions we'll be unfortunately being closing early. Our kitchen will be closing at 10pm this evening. Thank you for your continued business.
Stay safe everyone!, We've added some wonderful new additions to our bottle list like the Green Flash West IPA (CA) - 8.1%, the Brooklyn Sorachi Ace Saison (NY) - 7.6%, and the Bantam Rojo Cider (Somerville MA) - 6%!

Stay safe everyone!, Looking for a great beer to pair with brunch? We just spiked a cask of Clown Shoes Hoppy Feet, a black IPA crafted by our friends down the road. Notes of roasty espresso and dark chocolate are livened up with a piney, citrusy kick from the addition of Amarillo and Columbus hops. All in all, a perfectly balanced beer that stands up to our tasty brunch fare., Don't worry when the weather looks like this outside...Miguel just cranked up the fireplace and we're ready to serve you delicious brunch food and soul-warming drinks. Stop by and see us from 10:30-3:00., Alright so this is what you're doing for lunch. You're going to join us and try our delicous loaded tots special, Buffalo Chicken Tots - fried chicken, spicy sauce, blue cheese, mae ploy, and celery. This pairs well with St. Feuillien Saison - 6.5% ABV lively and effervescent, with aromas of citrus hop., Today is National "Celebration of Life Day"

We recommend celebrating with one of our new specials.
Moroccan Shrimp-grilled marinated shrimp, lemon-avocado yogurt, grilled pineapple, red pepper coulis

Cheers, Sure we have an amazing array of bourbon and whisk(e)y but if you're in the mood for something different how about trying one of our beer distillates? The Aecht Schlenkerla Smokemalt Spirit is distilled from the famous rauchbier from Bamberg Germany. It is aged in oak barrels with additional smoked barley malt to develop its signature smoky style. Another Five Horses favorite is the Edelster Aventinus, a beer brandy distilled form Schneider-Weisse's Aventinus Weizen-Eisbock. Similar in style to a white whiskey, this features subtle notes of banana and clove. Potent stuff to warm you up in this cold weather!, Get out of the breezy cold and com join us for lunch! Try our delicious French Kiss -apple, brie, and balsamic pizza with arugula puree and candied walnuts. Pairs well with Augustiner Helles Lager - 5.7% - crisp, clean, and smooth with a creamy malt body and a pleasant noble hop finish!, What a game last night! Come join us for brunch today! Try one of our three delicious bloody maries! Now pouring Long Trail Stand Out on Cask, Boulder Chocolate Shake Porter on Nitro!, Start off your game day with brunch! Try our Breakfast Club, which is a kfc-style chicken breast, bacon, marmalade, fried egg, cheddar, frisee, cornichos, creole mustard on toasted waffles with a side of fruit salad.

Remember, we are also serving brunch on MLK day from 1030 am until 3 pm. Hope to see you soon!, This limited-edition Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin IPA might just be one of the best brunch beers around. Don't believe us? Stop by today, tomorrow or Monday and pair it up with one of our tasty brunch items. Be quick, this beer might not make it through the holiday weekend!, Ira's making the habanero syrup for our Century's Odyssey cocktail. Blanco tequila, blood orange liqueur, grapefruit juice and the aforementioned syrup that provides a sneaky kick of heat. Stop by this weekend (Monday too, we're serving brunch on MLK Day) and warm up your cold bones with this warm and fuzzy creation!, Why so serious? Because Zack is focused on pouring the perfect pint of Southern Tier's 2X Stout. It's a double milk stout that perfectly balances sweet chocolate notes with roasty malt and because it's on nitro the texture is extra silky. Grab one and see if you can make Zack crack a smile!, Just fired up the fireplace! Come join us for lunch and try something absolutely delicious like our Potato Tacos - crispy fried potatoes, bean puree, avocado, herb vinegar, sea salt, flour tortilla! Now pouring Rock Art American Red Ale, Lagunitas Hairy Eyeball, and Houblon Chouffe!, Need something quick and lite for lunch? Get out of the rain, grab a table by the fireplace and try our delicious Sauteed Broccolini - (gluten free) soy sauce reduction, topped with herbed cheese! Now pouring CBC Darkest Night, Ommegang Rare Vos, and Jack's Abby Hopstitution #6!, Join us for Sunday brunch day from 1030 a.m. until 3 p.m. Today we are featuring our Huevos Rancheros, made with crispy corn tortillas, sunnyside eggs, chile-lime black beans, guacamole, fire-roasted salsa and cotija cheese!, Baby it's cold outside! Join us by the fireplace and warm up this evening with our Cottage Pie special, which has braised beef, root vegetables, sauce with roasted mashed potatoes. This entree pairs perfectly with the Great Divide Yeti Imperial Stout!, Come join us for lunch! We saved you a table next to the fireplace. Take a stroll thru taco town...er..Taco Tuesday! Try a variety of combos, like the (l-r) Tuna Taco - schichimi-dusted rare seared tuna, greens, jicama, avacado, blood orange-chili glaze, flour tortilla; the Toro Furioso Taco - SPICY marinated short rib, banana peppers, pickled thai peppers, red dragon sauce, and micro cilantro; and the Pork Belly Taco - crisped confit pork belly, pickled red onions, and dragon lady sauce, all tacos served on flour tortilla. 
Todays tacos were prepared, with love, by Chef 'Baldor'., Got plans for lunch? Come join us and try our delicious Cuban-style Rice and Beans - smoked pork shoulder, garlicky red beans, rice, and pico de gallo. This dish is also gluten free!
Now pouring Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA, Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro, and Riverwalk IPA on cask!, Our delicious chimichanga is stuffed with black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, cotija cheese and served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream. It's a staff favorite and soon to be yours as well! Brunch is served from 1030 a.m. until 3 p.m. every Saturday and Sunday!, Brian, Caitlin and Jabari- Five Horses Tavern Brunch Superstars! When you need eggs, love and bourbon on a weekend morning make sure you come see these guys!, Boulder Beer Company's Shake Chocolate Porter (on NITRO!) is a Five Horses staff favorite for good reason- a rich and ultra-smooth beer with notes of dark chocolate and coffee. Stop by and grab one, and for those of you that missed the brunch boat yesterday we're serving it on Saturday and Sunday from 10:30-3:00., Yup, this is how we all feel. And there's only one way out of this hangover...BRUNCH! 'Til 3 p.m. 'Nuff said., Happy New Year's Eve! If you're looking for somewhere to go tonight, stop by and see your friends at the ol' Five Horses Tavern. We'll be open 'til 2 a.m. and never charge a cover. And if your grimy self needs sustenance and a hangover cure for tomorrow our New Year's Day Brunch starts at 10:30 and goes until 3 p.m. Remember, beer hydrates!, Now it's starting to feel like winter. No bother! Come join us for lunch and try our delicious Smoked Chicken - house-smoked half chicken, Mexican-ish rice, cumin-cilantro baby carrots.

Got plans for New Year's Eve? Our bar will be open til 2AM and NO COVER! Also we'll be serving brunch on Thursday, New Year's Day to cure that nasty hangover!, It's getting cold again I know. Come join us for lunch and sit by the fireplace and try our delicious Brussel Sprouts - pork belly, pickled apples, fish sauce vinaigrette, and shiitake mushrooms!

What are your plans for New Year's Eve? We'll be open til 2AM with NO COVER! Join us for brunch on New Year's Day to cure that hangover!, It's time for brunch on this rainy Sunday!  Try one of our vegan or vegetarian options.  Today we are featuring the Treehugger, which is warmed cinnamon-walnut red quinoa with agave nectar, pears, apples and figs!  Brunch is served from 10:30 am until 3 p.m.

Starting at 3:15 p.m. we will be serving up our Loaded Tots special.  This week's tots special has smoked chicken, tomato-chili sauce, banana peppers, cotija cheese and cilantro!, You know what goes great with brunch? BOURBON. Sure, bloodies and Mimosas are great but whiskey, bourbon and Scotch go with everything. Come by and see us Saturdays and Sundays (and New Year's Day) for brunch and sample one of the dozens of whiskies we have to offer. From old standbys to the small production rarities we have it all!, Now that you've spent money on everyone else it's time to spoil yourself. DOGFISH HEAD 120 MINUTE IPA! This highly-sought-after monster of a beer is now on draft. Get your hands on one soon because it won't last the weekend. And you deserve it., Still need some ideas for some last minute shopping?? Our T-shirts and hoodies (available in all sizes), as well as our baseball caps make great holiday gifts! Gift certificates make great stocking stuffers!

Also please note we'll be closed all day Wednesday the 24th, Christmas Eve and will reopen Christmas Day night, at 6pm! 

Have a happy and safe holiday everyone!!!!, Got plans for lunch? Come join us and try our delicious appetizer special, the Cauliflower - crispy flash-fried cauliflower with kumquat relish! Now pouring Shipyard Monkeyfist IPA, Bear Republic Racer 5, and Enlightenment Cosmos on cask!, Still looking for that perfect gift?  How about some Five Horses Tavern merch!  We have Wristbands-$6, Headbands-$10, T-Shirts-$20, Hoodies-$40, Hats-$25!!  

Don't forget, we are serving up a delicious brunch today from 1030 a.m. until 3 p.m.  Hope to see you all soon and happy holidays from everyone here at Five Horses!, While this picture features two of our favorite things (horses, drunk Santas) it reminds us that sometimes you need to take a break. That's why our staff will happily serve you beer, booze and food when you need to take a rest from hectic holiday obligations. Weekend brunch, lunch, dinner and late night, we've got you covered!, Come and grab a Troegs Mad Elf before it's gone! This Belgian-style amber ale is a true holiday warmer and has rich notes of cherry and honey that lead up to a warming boozy finish. No wonder it's one of Ed Kelley's top ten favorite beers!, Save room for dessert! Try our delicious Nutella and Drunken Banana - Bourbon glazed bananas and chocolate-hazelnut spread on toasted brioche with raspberry coulis! Now pouring Unibroue Ephemere Cranberry, Avery duganA, and Mystic Three Cranes!, For those of you who like hot and spicy dishes, we've got something for you! Try our delicious Toro Furioso Taco - marinated short rib, banana peppers, pickled Thai peppers, red dragon sauce, micro cilantro, flour tortilla! Now pouring Stone Imperial Golden Stout, Schneider Aventinus Weizenbock, and BBC Lost Sailor on nitro!, Only ten days left till Christmas!!! Come join us for a late lunch or early dinner and try our delicious Tavern Chili - short rib, oxtail, keilbasa, manchego cheese, three beans and fifteen chili peppers served with a bowl of tortilla chips. Now pouring Schneider Aventinus, La Choufe Houblon, and Magic Hat Snow Roller!, It's that time of year again...the Somerville Jingle Bell Run!!!  For those of you eager for a delicious brunch, we will be opening our doors early today at 10 a.m.!  Be safe runners!  We will be ready for you at the finish line with an ice cold Harpoon IPA!!, Nothing accompanies a cold winter's brunch like an Icebox cocktail. Crater Lake Hazelnut Espresso vodka, Grady's Cold Brew, Crème de Cacao and milk topped with a drizzle of Boston Olive Oil Co.'s Dark Chocolate Balsamic. And thanks liquor.com for the shout out!

http://liquor.com/articles/unexpected-trends-of-2014/, What are you doing for lunch? Come join us and try our delicious French Kiss - apple, brie and balsamic pizza with arugula puree and candied walnuts! Also just tapped the Night Shift Monroe Double IPA, Lost Abbey Merry Taj, and on cask we have the Blue Hills Black Hops!, When the thirst for something different strikes, stop by Five Horses and try one of our new signature cocktails. This is the Century's Odyssey- Lunazul Blanco Tequila, Solerno Blood Orange Liqueur, fresh grapefruit and lemon juice and a fiery kick from habanero simple syrup. Seriously, it gets the job done!, Did you know we have plenty of vegan-friendly options?!? Try one of our staples, the White Bean Hummus - cannellini beans, herbs, chiles, garlic, and bread crisps. 

Need some holiday shopping tips? We have gift certificates available in $10, $25, and $50 options! Also one day left to purchase a Living Social lunch promotion for only $13 at $26 value! For more info go to https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Yeah it's a cold one today! Warm up by the fireplace and try our delicious King's Wings - wings topped with coconut pineapple chili sauce. 

Also check out our Living Social lunch promotion - $26 voucher for only $13! Check out https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Welcome to Sunday brunch!!! Alex and Cheri will be serving up some delicious bloody marys and bellinis for you and your friends.  Pop in and try our breakfast club, which is a KFC-style chicken breast, bacon marmalade, fried egg, cheddar, frisee, cornichons, creole mustard on toasted waffles with fruit salad.  Brunch is served every Saturday and Sunday from 1030 a.m. until 3 p.m.  Hope to see you soon!, Ahhh, the holidays. So wonderful, so excruciating. When you need a break from it all, stop by and see us for brunch (Saturdays and Sundays), lunch, dinner, or just plain dranks. The decorations are up (check out our Tap Star), the fireplace is cozying up the joint and our awesome staff will serve you beer and liquor without the judgment you get from your family., Get out of the cold and join us for lunch! Try our delicious Flu Fighter - turkey, rice and vegetables in a semi-spicy, rich broth with grilled ciabatta bread. 

Also check out our Living Social lunch promotion. A $26 value for only $13! For more info, check out https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Mmmm mmmm, loaded taco tots! Ground beef, poblano peppers, caramelized onions, pickled cabbage and spicy mayo, all served over a mound of crispy tots. Wash 'em down with an ice cold Lone Star or pair it with Hidden Cove's Jali Apricot Jalapeno beer for a more epicurean experience. Either way, you win!, Tomorrow night! Join us for Hidden Cove's launch party from 6-8pm. We'll be featuring six drafts from this new brewery, and founder Richard Varano will be bouncing around to chat about their exciting line-up.

Hidden Cove is a young brewery from Wells, Maine making its Massachusetts debut this week. They specialize in fermenting beer with brettanomyces wild yeast, melding old styles with innovative techniques, and drawing on culinary inspiration. Some of their beers we'll be tapping tomorrow include: "Jali," a grilled jalapeno and apricot beer fermented in Herradura Tequila barrels, "A'rye," a wild Rye IPA, and "Tortuga," a grilled/smoked pineapple sour beer fermented in rum barrels.

Limited quantities of each, so grab a glass while they last! Be sure to check out their website, http://hiddencovebrewingcompany.com, for descriptions of their full line-up. Cheers!, Got plans this coming Wednesday? Join us for the Hidden Cove Brewery Launch Party, this coming Wednesday, from 6-8pm! We'll be featuring six of their delicious brews, fermented exclusively with wild yeast strains!!! Also don't forget about our Living Social lunch promotion. Buy a $26 voucher for only $13! For more info, check out https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Try our delicious breaky sammy served with a fried egg, tuscan kale, double smoked bacon, vermont aged cheddar and maple-chile mustard with your choice of side.  Brunch is served from 1030 am until 3 p.m. Saturday and Sunday!

Don't forget about our Hidden Cove Brewing Co. Launch Party on December 3rd from 6-8 p.m.  We will be featuring brews fermented exclusively with wild yeast strains!!!, Black Friday's over....Thank God. Now's the time to treat yourself with some great Five Horses merch. Wristbands-$6  Headbands-$10  T-Shirts-$20  Hoodies-$40  Hats-$25. And remember, you can drink a beer while you're shopping here. Try doing that at Best Buy!, Black Friday, huh? Sounds like a good excuse to start drinking early. Try out our Foghorn Leghorn pizza (an old favorite we're bringing back for a few days). It has fried chicken, chili sauce, banana peppers, pickled cucumbers, manchego cheese and buttermilk scallion sauce. Pair it with a big ol' silo of Sixpoint Bengali Tiger and you're good to go. And those of you in a spending mood should check out this Living Social link- $26 worth of lunch food for $13!

https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Come join us for dinner tonight at 6pm! Just tapped the Mayflower Thanksgiving Ale! Also check out our Living Social lunch promotion. Check out https://www.livingsocial.com/, Rain and slush outside, beer inside. We know where we'd rather be! Drop by and see us today and warm up by our fireplace while sipping a freshly-poured beer. And for those looking to get out of the house on Thanksgiving, we open at 6:00 tomorrow evening with a full menu and a stocked bar!, Come join us for lunch and try one of our new menu items, the Meatloaf Sammy - smoked bacon-wrapped meatloaf, caramelized onions, bbq suauce, cheddar cheese on sourdough bread with your choice of side. Also, we'll be open on Thanksgiving night! Doors open at 6pm! Also check out our Living Social lunch promotion here  https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Just spiked our new Green Flash Imperial IPA, specially dry-hopped with Simcoe hops! Coming in big at 9% ABV and 101 IBU's! Also check out our Living Social lunch promotion! For more details check out https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Stop by the Tavern for brunch today from 10:30 a.m. until 3 p.m.  We are serving up The Cap'n which is french toast sticks coated with Cap'n Crunch cereal, drizzled with raspberry coulis and served with 100% maple syrup and fruit salad.  

The Green Flash Imperial IPA cask has been spiked and will be ready to enjoy at 6 p.m. tonight!  Hope to see you soon!, null, Nothing like a cozy fireplace and our Thanksgiving plate to warm up cold bones. Roasted turkey breast, mashed parsnips, herbed stuffing, maple-glazed acorn squash with cranberries and walnuts and a big bowl of gravy to get the job done. Also be sure to check us out during brunch, Saturdays and Sundays from 10:30 to 3:00., We're getting a jump on Thanksgiving with our Gobbler sandwich. Sliced turkey, caramelized onions, sweet potato puree, bacon, cranberry mayo and smoked Gouda served alongside a big ol' bowl of gravy. It makes for a satisfying lunch when the weather drops. Speaking of lunch, make sure to go online and check out our Living Social lunch deal, $26 bucks worth of food for $13!

https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Just rolled out some new food specials tonight! Try our new delicious Loaded Tots special - grilled chicken, caramelized onions, banana peppers, guacamole, chipotle bechamel over tater tots! Did you know about our Living Social lunch promotion? For more details, check out https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Get out of the cold and warm up with us for lunch! Come sit by the fireplace and enjoy our all locally sourced Grazing Plate - soy-roasted mushrooms, 24-hour tomatoes, parsnip puree, maple-chile sweet potato puree, black kale, and red quinoa. We're also running a Living Social lunch promotion! For more info, go to https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Having a bad case of the Mondays? Get out of the rain and come join us for lunch and try our delicious Rack O' Bones - house-smoked one pound rack of St. Louis-cut pork ribs glazed with bbq sauce, served with coleslaw and cornbread topped with honey butter. You know you want it. Also our Living Social lunch promotion running today for lunch! For more info check out https://www.livingsocial.com/, Eggs served over easy by Milton and Mendoza from 10:30 am until 3 p.m.!!!  And yes, the rumors are true!  We just tapped a fresh cask of Green Flash West Coast IPA.  Enjoy it while it lasts!, What's Andy thinking of? Maybe it's the tasty brunch we offer 10:30-3:00 every Saturday and Sunday. Or maybe it's the bloody marys he'll be shaking up throughout the afternoon. But what's really on his mind is the rare CASK OF GREEN FLASH WEST COAST IPA that we'll be tapping at 6:00pm tonight! Be sure to drop by and have one before it's gone., Sometimes the only way to warm up is with an amazing drink. So to expedite that, here are the drink specials we'll be running this week. 24oz Sixpoint Bengali Tiger silos, Avery's Rumpkin (pumpkin beer aged for a year in rum barrels and further cellared an additional year) and Talisker's new Storm single malt Scotch. Also we're pouring Downeast's Sour Oaked cider for those of you that like it funky!, Get out of the cold and warm up with us! Try one of our delicious food specials like the Flu Fighter - roasted chicken, noodles, carrots, onions, celery, ginger, garlic, herbs, rich broth, and grilled bread. If you haven't yet, you can still purchase a Living Social lunch promotion. For more info go to https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Today is the start of our Living Social promotion! Come join us for lunch and try one of our staple dishes, the Pea Diddy - English peas, avacado, basil puree, fresh mozzarella, bull's blood, mesclun greens, and sherry vinaigrette dressing., Happy Veteran's Day everyone. What are you doing for lunch? Come join us and try our House Mussels - Maine bouchot mussels, chile, ginger, garlic, white miso, scallion, grilled bread. Also our Living Social promotion starts tomorrow, lunch only! For more info, check out  https://www.livingsocial.com/things-to-do/boston, Did you know we're serving brunch today? Come join us and try our delicious chimichanga - black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, cotija cheese, served in a fried tortills with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream., Our hosts, Jessica and Michael are ready to get you on your way to a delicious brunch this beautiful fall day.  We are serving brunch today from 10:30 am until 3 p.m. and featuring our Huevos Rancheros, served with a crispy corn tortilla, sunny side eggs, chile-lime black beans, guacamole, fire roasted salsa and cotija cheese.  Also, don't forget we are serving brunch Monday, November 10th in honor of Veteran's day from 10:30 a.m. until 3 p.m.  Hope to see you soon!, Get your brunch on! 10:30-3PM, What are you doing for lunch? Come join us and try one of (or all) of our new specials! Meatloaf Sammy - bacon-wrapped meatloaf, caramelized onions, bbq sauce, cheddar cheese on sourdough with your choice of side. Load Tots - shrimp, tasso ham, ginger, garlic, chili flake and tomato sauce over tots. Flu Fighter - chicken noodle soup with roasted chicken, carrots, onions, celery, ginger, garlic, herbs, rich broth and grilled bread!, Come and brighten up your rainy day with our loaded tots special! This version features shrimp and smoky tasso ham blended with tomato sauce and a little ginger and chili flake for an extra kick of flavor. Pair it with a Green Flash Cedar Plank pale ale and your day just got a whole lot brighter., One of our many vegetarian options, is the delicious 'Shroom 'Za pizza - herb mushrooms, goat's milk ricotta, and rosemary-tomato sauce. Just tapped the Heavy Seas Loose Cannon on cask!, Warm up with us for lunch and try our delicious Tavern Chili - short rib, oxtail, kielbasa, manchego cheese, three beans and fifteen chili peppers, served with a bowl of tortilla chips! Mmmm!, Noe, Milton and Mendoza are ready to serve you up a delicious chimichanga made with black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, and cotija cheese, served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream.  Brunch is served every Saturday and Sunday from 1030 a.m. until 3 p.m.  Don't forget about our upcoming holiday brunch on November 10th honoring Veteran's day....same day, same place!, Nothing beats the rainy day blues and/or the Halloween hangover quite like BRUNCH. We will be serving brunch today and tomorrow 'til 3:00 so get here early! And while you're here, try our new bacon cheeseburger pizza, which is available all day long. Wash it down with a bloody or a beer and you'll be ready to rock., Happy Halloween from Ira, Allison, Amanda, Manny and KevMo! Stop by and say hi, check out the staff costumes (they all get gold stars for holiday enthusiasm), grab one of six pumpkin beers on draft, and warm up your belly with our loaded tots made with house-smoked chicken, BBQ sauce, cheddar and banana peppers. Who needs candy?, This week's specials are hot out of the kitchen! Come grab a bite with us as we ease you into November.

Loaded Tots - mesquite smoked chicken, bbq sauce, cheddar cheese, and banana peppers

Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza - grilled hamburger, smoked bacon, cheddar cheese sauce, onions, cucumber, lettuce, 1001 island dressing, and mustard

Roasted Duck and Spaghetti - slow-roasted duck, garlic, chili flake, spaghetti, cream sauce, manchego cheese, Looking for something light for lunch? Try our delicious Tuna Tartare - sashimi grade yellowfin tuna, sesame, soy, chile, avacado, micro cilantro, housemade crackers. Cheers!, What are you doing for lunch today? Come join us and try our delicious King's Wings - toasted coconut, pineapple and siracha-tossed chicken wings. Cheers!, Let these lovely faces serve you up some delicious brunch and brunch cocktails today from 10:30 a.m. until 3 p.m. every Saturday and Sunday!, BRUNCH! What else is there to say? Come and join us Saturday and Sunday 10:30 - 3:00 and feast upon our delicious offerings. And say hi to Jesse and Andy who'll be happy to shake you up a Bloody Mary or an Icebox. Don't let the high school portrait pose fool you- these guys can make a mean drink!, Nothing like a pitcher of sangria to chase the rainy day blues away! Grab a friend, special someone or complete stranger and stop by to sample our recipe. And thanks Boston Eater for the Cocktail Week shoutout!

http://boston.eater.com/maps/shareable-cocktails-map/five-horses-tavern, Hey friends! If you're looking for something to do tomorrow the 24th you should stop by Five Horses South End and join Cape Ann Brewing Co. and WZLX broadcasting live from 5:00-7:00. Classic rock and slammin' beer....sounds like a perfect Friday evening!, #TBT of our Toro Furioso Taco on Thrillist's best mouth-burners in Boston. Can't get enough heat? Try our vegan Red Curry with fried tofu, fingerling potatoes, and jasmine rice., This bounty of fresh mushrooms goes straight into our mushroom soup. Come by and chase away the rain with an earthy favorite!, Starting to feel like October out there. Get out of the cold and come join us for lunch and try our delicious Red Curry - fried tofu, fingerling potatoes, red peppers, eggplant and baby carrots in a spicy red curry sauce served over jasmine rice. This is a SPICY one!, Guess what we just tapped?!?! The HOLY GRAIL for hopheads! Dogfish 120 Minute IPA - 18% - boiled for a full two hours while being continuously hopped with high alpha American hops, then dry - hopped daily in the fermenter for a month and aged for another month on whole-leaf hops., Come by and check out our new specials we'll be featuring this week, one being this tasty plate of spaghetti and meatballs! Housemade duck meatballs, spaghetti, a mildly spicy arrabbiata sauce and a dusting of fresh Manchego cheese. Boom. Pair it with a glass of wine or one of our amazing draft beers. We've recently tapped the Otter Creek Overgrown Ale, Uinta Hoodoo Kolsch, Unibroue La Fin du Monde and the Blue Hills Chocolate Pumpkin Porter. On cask is the Heavy Seas Loose Cannon IPA and we have a few Avery Uncle Jacob's Bourbon Barrel Stout bottles that we pulled from our cellar and are offering as a beer special. Come by and check 'em out!, Can you believe this beautiful weather we are having today?  Stop by and enjoy a beautiful evening on our patio with our Fried Chicken Salad topped with avocado, cotija cheese, pickled red onions, tossed in our house made buttermilk scallion dressing on a bed of mesclun greens!, Come join us for a late lunch and enjoy our $5 pizza special till. Enjoy the sweet stylings on bass by Amanda! Cheers., Get out of the cold and come join us for brunch and enjoy our delicious breakfast club - KFC - style chicken breast, bacon marmalade, fried egg, cheddar, frisee, cornichons, creole mustard on toasted waffles with fruit salad., Kick off your Columbus Day with the best brunch in town! We'll be helping you celebrate with a plate of eggs, a good cup of joe, & a trio of bloody marys. 

While you're here, ask about our bottle specials! We just rolled out three new beers that we've been aging in house for over a year. They'll be sure to warm you up during these cool fall days., Try our new loaded tots special featuring smoked pork, banana peppers, mushrooms, broccolini, onions, pico de gallo and cheese sauce over tots!  Plus we just tapped the Wormtown Be Hoppy IPA, Long Trail Limbo, Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale and CBC Working Class Hero.  For all of our gluten free friends we are pouring the tasty Glutenberg Pale Ale!, Come join us for dinner and enjoy some great patio weather (in October!) Just tapped the CBC Working Class Hero! Happy Birthday John Lennon., This week's sandwich special is the Steak Torta. Marinated hangar steak sandwich with pickled cabbage, avocado, cotija cheese, jalapenos, red onion, and cilantro puree. 

We're also featuring some smoky items this week including: new loaded tots with smoked pork, a smoked chicken pizza, and on draft, a smoked IPA from Borg Brugghus of Iceland!, Come join us for dinner and drinks and say hello and goodbye to our beloved Laura BUTLER on her last night on the bar with us! Now pouring Rogue XS Dead Guy Ale, Cisco Island Reserve Barleywine, and on cask, Troegs Hop Knife Ale!, It's Sunday brunch time!  With the cold weather moving in, it is perfect time for a little Southern Comfort.  This delicious brunch entree is served with two eggs sunnyside up, fried chicken, thyme biscuits and sausage gravy!  We also have the perfect bloody mary, made three ways (vodka, gin and bourbon) to go along with any brunch item! Brunch is served Saturday and Sunday from 1030 am until 3 pm every weekend.  On Columbus day we will be serving brunch also from 1030 am until 3pm.  Hope to see you soon!, Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Get out of the join us for dinner! Just tapped Allagash Hugh Malone Ale, Ommegang Game Of Thrones: Valar Morghulis, and on cask Troegs Hop Knife!, You CAN do it. Try one of our many can selections to wash down our $5 dollar pizza special, Monday thru Friday till 4pm. Cheers!, Swayze has a taste for livin'. 
We have pitchers of Blue Ribbon. 

Every day of the week 'til 1am., Our $5 pizza special is waiting for you to take your lunch break. Monday - Friday | 11:30am - 4pm. And don't worry, we won't tell your boss you drank a liter of Paulaner Oktoberfest., null, Oktoberfest is still in full swing! Try our delicious Schweinshaxe - crispy pork shank, cornichon, pickled cabbage, mustard, and country bread. PROST!!!, Join us for some perfect patio weather this week!  Try our pan roasted cod made with fresh North Atlantic cod and served with a smoked chorizo-corn risotto cake and heirloom tomato-roasted corn pico de gallo., Oktoberfest is in full swing! Come join us for either lunch or dinner and try our delicious Hahnchenschnitzel - herbed breaded chicken  cutlet, lemon mayo, mesclun salad, gruyere mashed potatoes. Why not wash it down with one of our many Oktoberfest beer offerings like the Hofbrau Munchen Oktoberfestbier. Prost!, With Oktoberfest just under way, here's a look at some delicious specials we'll be featuring throughout the festival. Crispy pork shank, with pickled onions, kraut, and country-style bread. Herbed chicken schnitzel with gruyere mashed potatoes and mesclun salad. And finally, our latest installment of loaded tots, with smoked sausage, kraut, gruyere, and sweet mustard.

We've got plenty of festbier straight from Germany as well. We hope to see you soon for a half liter. Prost!, Happy Oktoberfest Somerville! We will be kicking off this noble drinking festival with a special 'fest menu at 5:30 tonight. It includes a German interpretation of our loaded tots with smoked sausage, a crispy chicken schnitzel and a fabulous pork shank with all the fixin's. More importantly, it's about the beer. Four classic Oktoberfest beers served in half-liter mugs. We're pouring the Hacker-Pschorr Amber, Weihenstephaner, Hofbrau and the Spaten. Stop by and let our friendly frauleins Alex and Andy pour you a couple of mugs of the good stuff!, We feel it's our responsibility to keep everyone in the loop. So just in case you didn't know, it's national cheeseburger day. That being said, we hope our Tavern Burger will make you realize deep down, that any day can be cheeseburger day., The Jack's Abby Brewing Tap Takeover is happening now until 8 p.m.  Featuring Hoponious Union, Hopstitution BAM, Copper Legend, Smoke & Dagger and the Coffee Barrel-Aged Framinghammer!  Pint giveaway while supplies last!  Come on down and join us for a delicious brew from Jack's Abby Brewing!, Join us this Thursday from 6-8 pm for our featured brewery: Jack's Abby! We'll be pouring Hopstition #5: BAM!, Hoponious Union, Smoke & Dagger, Copper Legend, and a special barrel-aged brew. Come early to grab some free glassware., Guten Tag! We're gearing up for Oktoberfest with our Hausmade Pretzel and rotating half-liters including Hacker-Pschorr, Spaten, Hofbräu and more.

Also, don't forget to stop by Thursday from 6-8 pm for our Jack's Abby tap takeover. We'll be featuring brewery favorites and seasonal releases. Stay tuned for more details, and follow us on twitter for daily draft updates. https://twitter.com/5HorsesTavern, Happy brunch! Come down and let Zack and Alex entertain you with their witty banter while they prepare your drink with style and panache. Alex is holding the Harpoon Uncle Fester, which we just tapped last night. It's a Bourbon barrel-aged Oktoberfest pitched with Brettanomyces for a complex tartness. Cool cool beer. We also have the Wormtown Be Hoppy IPA, Avery Ellie's Brown Ale and the Uinta Hop Nosh from Utah. Come and join us today and tomorrow for brunch and don't forget about the Pats game at 1:00 on Sunday!, Feels like warm summer night out there! Come in, grab a table out in the patio, and join us for dinner! Now pouring Stone 18th Anniversary IPA, Night Shift Trifecta, and on cask, Mayflower Autumn Ale., Come and visit Butler and Chelsea of Team Tuesday on the bar tonight!  They are ready to pour your some delicious brews and tasty beverages.  We just tapped the Bellhaven Scottish Ale, Cape Ann Fisherman's Brew and Ommegang Scythe & Sickle., Good afternoon folks! Just tapped the Riverwalk Barrel Aged Route 1 Rye Stout - 9% Smooth rye based stout aged in Buffalo Trace bourbon barrels for 4 months. Get into it!, Football season means chicken wings. Drop by for a pint and try our Ho Chi Minh wings. Fried and covered with our house Vietnamese-style hot sauce, mint, and chopped peanuts.

Also, this week we'll be adding some new seasonal menu items including: haus pretzel, tavern chili, and smoked half chicken., No this is not a field trip. Just the finest staff in the business getting ready to introduce you to a tasty beverage!, Happy Labor Day/Moving Day everyone! We'll be serving brunch today, til 3pm. Try our delicious breaky sammy - fried egg, tuscan kale, double smoked bacon, vermont aged cheddar, and maple-chile mustard. Cheers!, Happy Labor Day weekend everyone! Come join us for dinner and try our new cocktail special special 'White Pants Night' - Georgia Moon Corn Whiskey, Rhubarb bitters, Angostura bitters, and ginger beer. Now pouring Dark Horse Crooked Tree Falconer's Flight, Sixpoint Resin, and Stone Cali-Belgique., Tonight's bar crew have 'come to play'. Join us at the bar, with Ira, Ian, Butler, and Zack and try one of 37 rotating drafts. Just tapped Humboldt 500 BC Double IPA, Jack's Abby Fire In The Ham, and Dark Horse Crooked Tree IPA: Falconer's Flight., Don't let the cloudy sky bring you down! Come join us for dinner and try one of our 37 rotating drafts. Now pouring Boulevard Ginger-Lemon Radler, Allagash Fluxus 2014, Boulder Mojo IPA on NITRO, and on cask; Peak Organic IPA!, It's Sunday funday brunch day! Join us for some delicious brunch cocktails, including The Icebox made with Grady's Cold Brew, hazelnut espresso vodka, crème de cacao and milk with a dark chocolate balsamic drizzle.  We also make bloody Mary's 3 different ways; vodka, gin and bourbon!  Hope to see you soon!, Special shout out to Jack Deez and Wachusett Brewery. The rafting trip was just what the doctor ordered.

Thank You!!!, Come join us for our Green Flash Brewing Tap Takeover tonight from 6-8pm. We have Dave Adams, Director of Beer Education, joinhing us from San Diego to talk/drink beer! We'll be pouring West Coast IPA, Road Warrior, East Village Pils, Le Freak, and a special brewery only release!, Hey Horses! Come join us for our Green Flash tap takeover, next Tuesday, the 12th, from 6-8pm. We'll be featuring the West Coast IPA, East Village Pils, the Le Freak, and a special treat exclusive to only Five Horses Tavern!, Greetings from Maine! Some folks from Five Horses Davis and South before they hit the water for an intense water rafting trip! Cheers!, Nothing like a hot muggy day to appreciate a crisp cold-ass beer. We've got 37 drafts to quench your thirst and a bunch of cans and bottles to make the decision-making a little more difficult. We just recently tapped the Port Brewing Wipeout, Green Flash Imperial IPA, Maine Beer Co. Peeper, Woodchuck Belgian White cider and the amazing Dogfish Head Positive Contact. Oh, and the Downeast Original Blend is pouring freely as well. Stop by reward yourself!, Hey Horse Fans,

Here's the link to the 2014 Scout Somerville's list of nominees and ballot form. We're up for Best Beer Selection and we're pretty psyched since there's nothing more that we like better than beer. Here's just a few of the great beers that we've recently tapped- Bantam Rojo, Stone Enjoy By 8.16.14, Ballast Point Sculpin, CBC Remain In Light, Allagash Confluence, Revival Double Black IPA and the Idle Hands Patriarch. On deck is the amazing Night Shift Constable pale ale and Boulevard's Saison Brett. Stop by, enjoy some brews and vote! 


https://docs.google.com/a/scoutmagazines.com/forms/d/1VneaFZwoaj5WI3h9yVwK4N5FAyhvfkFlctYVmoHmi8I/viewform, If it ain't broke, don't fix it... unless you're adding steak.

Stop by this week to try our new special! The S.B.L.T., with grilled steak, peppered bacon, heirloom tomatoes, and herb mayo.

While you're here enjoy some of our newest draft additions like Stone Enjoy By 8.16.14, Dogfish Head Festina Peche, and Idle Hands Patriarch., Good afternoon folks! We're up for Best Beer Selection in the Somerville Scout. You can cast your vote online at scoutsomerville.com. Now pouring Dogfish Head Saison du Buff, Allagash Prince Tuesday, and on cask: Marston's Old Empire. Cheers!, Looking for a place to watch the championship World Cup game?  Look no further!  We will have the sound on and all TVs primed and ready for the game, which starts at 3 p.m. sharp!  

We just tapped some fresh brews this weekend including the U.S. Open Beer Championship's National Champion, Wormtown Brewery for their Be Hoppy IPA, Dogfish Head Saison du BUFF, Bantam "The Americain" Cider and Port Brewing Mongo!, FIFA World Cup action continues at Five Horses Tavern today at 4 p.m.  It's Brazil versus the Netherlands.  Grab a freshly tapped beer and enjoy the two teams battle it out for 3rd place!  Also, we have a couple of beer specials, the 21st Amendment Bitter American and the Founders Centennial IPA are available for you to enjoy!  Plus we tapped the Port Brewing Port Mongo, Night Shift Whirlpool and Backlash Resurrection!  Join us for all the action!!!, Hey y'all! Hope you're enjoying this amazing summer weather. For anyone not getting out of town this weekend stop by and see us for brunch. Nothing like bloody Mary's served by people that know how to make 'em. Also, we just tapped the New Holland Mad Hatter IPA, the Allagash Prince Tuesday and the Bantam Americain , from our local heroes down the road. YOU WANT TO DRINK HERE!!!, Tomorrow night, Wednesday the 9th, from 6pm-8pm, Brew Free or Die featuring Woodstock Inn 4000 Footer IPA, White Birch Hop Session, Smuttynose Farmhouse Ale, and Tuckemans Headwall Alt. Come join us!!!, It's Sunday brunch here at Five Horses Tavern!  We will be serving brunch from 1030 am until 3 p.m.

Don't forget about our Brew Free or Die event on Wednesday, July 9th, featuring Tuckerman Brewing Company Woodstock Inn Brewery and Smuttynose Brewing Co. for a night of #nhbeer! Reps from the breweries will be on hand to talk about the beer and rise in New Hampshire beer tourism. Stop by and have a few pints with us to celebrate some delicious.  Plus there will be plenty of giveaways to those who attend the event from 6pm until 8 pm., Happy 4th ladies and gentlemen. We'll being doing a special New Hampshire brewery tap takeover this Wednesday the 9th, from 6-8pm, featuring Smuttynose, White Birch, Tuckermans, and Woodstock Inn! All kinds of goodies to give away like pints, bottle openers and more!, That upside-down photo, friends, represents some truly amazing beer. Finally, a keg of Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA is safely on the premises. We can't promise when it'll be tapped but it's damn well possible it'll be soon. We'll keep you posted. Oh, and come and see us for brunch tomorrow on the good ol' Fourth of July!, Hey friends! Hope you're enjoying this beautiful Saturday. Come join us for some drankin', brunchin' and World Cup action. We're serving brunch 'til 3:00 today and tomorrow, and keep in mind we'll also be open for brunch on July 4th. Some fun beers we've just tapped- Pretty Things Fringe American Pale Ale, Saison Dupont's 2014 Cuvee Dry Hopping and Green Flash White IPA from their Hop Odyssey series. Oh, and stop by to wish our Executive Chef Aaron Parsons a happy birthday (that's his handsome mug in the picture). He hates birthdays!, It is absolutely beautiful out there! Come and enjoy the gorgeous view of the sunset from our patio for some dinner. Now pouring Long Trail Brush and Barrel Saison, Pretty Things Fringe Pale Ale, and Saison Dupont Cuvee Dry Hopping!, Wachusett Brewing Tap Takeover tonight till 8pm. Come join us! Now pouring Wachusett Country Pale, Wachusett Light IPA, Wachusett Larry Imperial IPA, and Wachusett Blueberry Ale!, On Wednesday, June 25th we will be having a Wachusett Brewing Company Tap Takeover featuring Wachusett's Light IPA, Larry Imperial IPA, Country Ale and the Blueberry Ale!  Stop on in and enjoy a Wachusett brew and a $5 cheese pizza served from 1130 am until 4 p.m.  See you soon!, Come join us for brunch, which we'll be serving until 3pm! Come in and say goodbye to Beth, and try our savory Bloody Bourbon, or Beth's favorite, Firestone Walker Double Jack IPA - just tapped!, Hey Somerville! We've been nominated for Best Beer List by the Somerville Scout! We're honored and thank all of the great people that have supported us. Be sure to cast your vote in the upcoming month and remember that plenty of liquid encouragement can be found here for anyone still on the fence. Speaking of Dutch courage, we've recently tapped the Stone Ruin Ten Imperial IPA, the Wormtown Be Hoppy IPA Idle Hands Blanche de Grace. For those looking for something a little funky or different we're featuring the Smuttynose Hugs and Rainbows sour ale and CBC's Olmstead's Folly, which is flavored with cranberries and Japanese knotweed. Finally, we're pouring the Cape Ann Fisherman's Dead Eye double IPA on cask. Again, thanks for your continued support, hopefully we'll see you soon!, Steve, Dylan and Dan invite you to Five Horses Tavern this Friday for some World Cup action and $5 cheese pizzas from 1130-4pm.  Have a refreshing Port Brewing Shark Attack, Mayflower Belgian IPA, Ayinger Maibock or a Smuttynose Hug & Rainbows with that delicious pizza!, Need to take a break from work and watch the World Cup?  Stop on in and take advantage of our $5 cheese pizza special from 1130-4pm, Monday thru Friday!  We tapped a ton of new beers this weekend including:  Boulder Mojo IPA (on nitro), Green Flash Road Warrior, Dogfish Head Sixty-One, CBC Hefe-Weizen, Backlash Comeback, Jack's Abby Rye Session IPL and Humbolt Black Xantus Imperial Stout., Hey Five Horses Fans!  Guess what?  We smoked a whole pig in our kitchen!  Stop by the Taste of Somerville on June 11th, located at 50 Holland Street from 530pm - 730pm.  We will be at table 7 serving up some delicious tacos made with smoked pork, cabbage and red dragon sauce.  Hope to see you there!, Stop on in and enjoy a bloody mary for brinch with your friendly bartenders, Beth and Ian!  Serving up a delicious brunch and cocktails until 3pm today!   Just tapped, the limited release of Goose Island's Bourbon County Stout.  Pure goodness..., Hey Horse Fans! It's a beautiful day to stop in for some brunch, dinner, drinks, or all three! Join us at 4:30 as we watch the Belmont Stakes and cheer the horses on (whiskey helps with this part). Just tapped- Ballast Point Habanero Sculpin IPA, Long Trail Berliner Weisse, Enlightenment Illumination and Green Flash Palate Wrecker. First day on cask- Blue Hills Quarter Mile Double IPA. Race your ass down here and have some fun!, Yes you CAN! Join us for lunch featuring our $5 cheese pizza special until 4pm. Now featuring Ballast Point Sculpin IPA, by the can!!!!!, It's a beautiful day for brunch on our patio!  Have a gin, vodka or bourbon bloody mary and enjoy the fresh air.  We are also offering our ice box cocktail, made with Grady's Cold Brew, hazelnut espresso vodka, creme de cacao and milk with a dark chocolate balsalmic drizzle!   Brunch is served until 3pm today!  See you soon!, Happy Memorial Day weekend!!  Join your friendly Five Horses Tavern bartender, Beth, for a delicious bloody mary done 3 ways (vodka, gin, and bourbon), a mimosa or a bellini, or try our freshly tapped Troegs Perpetual Imperial Pale Ale!  See you soon!, A breezy by pleasant spring day we're having today. Come join us for lunch. $5 cheese pizza special till 4pm. Now pouring Mayflower Saison, Green Flash 30th Street Pale Ale, and on cask: Harpoon Falconer's Flight IPA., Congratulations Tufts graduates!  Now head on down to Five Horses Tavern and celebrate with your friends and family!!  Brunch is served until 3pm and our regular menu begins at 315pm.  Again, congratulations grads, you deserve a nice, tall cold one!  Come on in!, Make sure you stop in this week and try our newest Loaded Tots- Soffritto Tots! They're made with diced carrot, onion, bell pepper, garlic, tomato sauce and ground beef. Top it off with mozzarella and basil pesto and you've got a meal to share! Pair it up with the newly tapped Green Flash 30th Street Pale Ale and you're good to go. Seriously...you need to eat these Tots!, Happy Mother's Day!  Enjoy our delicious brunch from 1030 am until 3 pm today and take home a beautiful flower from Five Horses!, Hey Horse fans! Come down to the Tavern and drink those final exam blues away with some amazing craft beer and cocktails! We are currently pouring the Allagash Saison, Otter Creek Fresh Slice and are offering the Blue Hills Session IPA on cask. Also be sure to quench your thirst with Urban Farm Fermentory's Dry Cidah. A special shoutout to Eli from UFF, thanks for hanging out last night and thanks for parking your creepy/brilliant van across the street! The blueberry kombucha was a nice surprise!, Get out of the rain and enjoy our $5 cheese pizza special! Serving til 4pm, Monday thru Friday. Now pouring Blue Hills Session IPA on cask!, It's finally Friday!  Join us for a delicious $5 cheese pizza served from 11am until 5pm, every Monday through Friday!  Plus we just tapped the Sixpoint Spice of Life Motueka, Otter Creek Fresh Slice, Wachusett Strawberry White and Jack's Abby Hopstitution!, Feliz Cinco de Mayo! Come join us for a late lunch/early dinner featuring our loaded tots special, Bombas de Zaragoza - chili and lime zest dusted tots, chili marinated short rib, cumin braised black beans, tomatillo salsa, cotija cheese, chipotle spiked sour cream. Wash it down with one of our 6 bottle specials - Tecate, Corona Light, Victoria, Dos Equis XX Especial, Sol, and Modelo Especial! Salut!, Come race down and enjoy our Tavern Mint Julep - made with our house-made mint syrup. Race starts at 6:24pm!, Head on down to the stable and enjoy a mint julep while watching the Kentucky Derby!!  We've got THE bourbon selection to meet your julep needs!!!, Get out of the cold and join us for dinner! Just tapped the Spencer Trappist Ale - the 1st Trappist Brewery in the U.S. - 6.5% ABV, hazy light copper color, all natural brew made under the supervision of trappist monks!, Come down for brunch or dinner this weekend and drink the cold rainy weather away with some brand-spanking-new beers on tap! We've recently tapped the Riverwalk Unveiled, Notch Session Left of the Dial IPA and the Mikkeller/Prairie Artisan Ales collabo "American Style". Also we're on Day 2 of the Abita Spring IPA on cask. Round out the experience with some delicious food and a shot of Bourbon and the weekend just got a hell of a lot better!, What a gorgeous day out today. Have a seat in our patio and enjoy our $5 pizza special till 4pm. Now pouring Stone Go To IPA, CBC Lush Life, and Cisco Cider! We'll be spiking Abita Spring IPA on cask later this evening!, Happy Marahton Monday!!! Guess what? We're serving brunch till 3PM today! Enjoy our delicious Monte Cristo - egg battered challah bread, ham, turkey, swiss and blueberry-pepper jam. Now pouring Sam Adams Boston 26.2 Brew, Banner Run To Equinox, and Peak Organic Fresh Cut. On cask - Cape Ann Fisherman's IPA., It's Sunday brunch time! Try our Monte Cristo sandwich egg battered challah bread,  ham, turkey, swiss and blueberry-pepper jam with your choice of side.  Also our Rise and Shine brunch pizza with bacon, sausage, spinach, cheddar bechsmel, eggs, manchego and mozzarella.  

Don't forget we will be serving brunch tomorrow from 1030-3 pm.  See you soon!!, Come down to Five Horses for a carbohydrate rush this weekend! We're serving brunch Saturday, Sunday and Monday from 10:30 til 3:00. Whether you're running or spectatoring this patriot's Day we've got some great food and awesome beer. Now pouring Boulder Hazed and Infused, Downeast Hard Honey Cider, Idle Hands Klara and the Cape Ann Fisherman's IPA on cask., It's Sunday brunch time from 1030-3 p.m.  Join us and try our yummy vegetarian figala wrap made with caramelized figs, whipped yogurt, honey with pomegranate and maple granola!  Another solid option is our chimichanga made with black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red pepoers, cotija cheese, served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream!!  Hope to see you soon!, What a gorgeous spring day! Come join us for a late lunch-early dinner and try our delicious Toro Tots - chipotle-cheddar bechamel sauce, grilled toro meat, red onions, and pickled jalapenos. Now pouring Shipyard Monkeyfist IPA on cask!, The sun is out! The patio is all set up! Come join us for a late lunch and enjoy $5 cheese pizza till 4pm. Now pouring Ommegang Game Of Thrones Fire and Red Ale, Wormtown Be Hoppy IPA, and Southern Tier IPA on Nitro!!, Join us for brunch and the Bruins!  Start with our homemade donut holes and then delite in our Huevos Rancheros with crispy corn tortillas, sunnyside eggs, chili-lime black beans, guacamole, fire roasted salsa and cotija cheese!  Brunch is served every Saturday and Sunday from 1030 am - 3 pm.  Go Bruins!, It's Friday and it's the Boston Red Sox's home opener starting at 2:05 p.m.!  Join us for all the action and $5 cheese pizzas from 1130 a.m. until 4 p.m.  Plus we just tapped the Beer Works Fenway Pale Ale, Shipyard Old Thumper, Maine Beer Co. Zoe, Goose Island Minx, Hacker-Pschorr Hubertus plus many more delicious and cold brews to go with your scrumptious cheese pizza!  Go Sox!, Where are you watching the sox tonight? Come join us for dinner and a pint. Now pouring Ommegang Glimmerglass, Sierra Nevada Kellerweis, and Pretty Things Meadowlark IPA!, Miss brunch today?!? No worries! We serve brunch every Saturday & Sunday from 10:30am till 3pm. Try our delicious The Capn' - Cap’n Crunch-coated french toast sticks with raspberry coulis, 100% maple syrup, powdered sugar and fruit salad., The weekend is finally here and it's time for Five Horses Brunch!  Try The Censored, made with anson mills cheddar grits, crispy pork belly, two eggs, scallions and your choice of toast.  Brunch is served Saturday and Sunday from 1030 am - 3 pm.  Hope to see you soon!, We're also serving these tasty-ass grit cakes. They're filled with pork belly and cheddar, coated in panko crumbs and pan-seared. Finished with a sweet/spicy kick of jalapeno jelly they make a great starter!, Hey Horse fans! Come on by and check out some of our new specials that we're offering this weekend. This is a grilled zucchini app with preserved lemon and chili vinaigrette. Vegetarian, vegan and gluten free!, March Madness continues here at Five Horses Tavern. Come join us for brunch and try our delicious Chimichanga - black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, cotija cheese, served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream. And of course, wash it down with one of our delicious Bloody Mary's., It's March Madness brunch at Five Horses Tavern!  Start with an order of donut holes followed by our Heart Surgeon made with beef and pork belly hash, 2 eggs, crispy onions and toast.  Our Salmon Breakfast with smoked salmon, scrambled eggs, goat cheese, scallions, salmon roe on a toasted english muffin, is another delicious option!  Brunch is served every Saturday and Sunday from 10:30 am until 3 pm.  Hope to see you soon!, Happy St. Patty's day everyone. Come nurse that hangover with our delicious Monte Cristo - egg battered challah bread, ham, turkey, swiss and blueberry-pepper jam, Happy St. Patty's  Day!  Come celebrate at Five Horses Tavern, brunch style!  Serving up our delicious brunch pizza, loaded with yummy toppings!  Brunch begins at 1030 am and ends at 3 pm.  Hope to see you!, Hope everyone is having a fun and safe St. Pat's weekend. Join us for brunch and try our delicious huevos rancheros - crispy corn tortilla, sunny side eggs, chili-lime black beans, guacamole, fire roasted salsa and cotija cheese., Happy St. Pat's weekend! Stop on in and say hi to Alex, Quinn and Beth (you can sort of see her in the reflection). They'll be pouring great beer and shaking up boss cocktails for you to enjoy. At some point today we'll be tapping Downeast and Magner's cider, Wexford Irish Ale on nitro and Yuengling Black & Tan. Be sure to join us for brunch today, tomorrow AND Monday. We'll have great bloodies to soothe your hungover body and lots of great food to provide energy to keep on drinkin'., Looking for a place to have lunch during the week?  Well, look no further, Five Horses Tavern is the place to be for all your luncheon needs.  We have $5 cheese pizzas Monday through Friday from 11:30 am until 4 p.m.  Need a cold and refreshing beer to wash down that delicious pizza?  Try one of our 37 draughts, including Harpoon Brown IPA, Stone Stochasticity Project Grapefruit Slam IPA, Woodstock Inn Pig's Ear, Smuttynose Durty, St. Louis Fond Tradition Kriek and the freshly tapped Harpoon Oak-Aged IPA on cask!

Hope to see you soon!, Did you miss our brunch today?No worries! We'll be offering brunch all next weekend INCLUDING  Monday, St Patty's Day! Try our delicious "chimicganga" - black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, cotija cheese, served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream., Join us for brunch every weekend from 1030-3 pm.  Try one of our delicious Rise and Shine brunch pizzas made with bacon, sausage, spinach, cheddar bechamel, eggs, manchego or cheddar cheese.  Another tasty option is our Huevos Rancheros with crispy corn tortilla, sunnyside eggs, chili-lime black beans, guacamole, roasted salsa and cotija cheese!, Good morning everyone! Don't let talk of some snow flurries scare you away! Come join us for brunch, till 3pm. Enjoy our delicious "the cap'n" - cap'n crunch coated french toast sticks with raspberry coulis, 100% maple syrup, powdered sugar and fruit salad., Remember that we are the premier destination for those looking to take an extra-long lunch break or skip work entirely. Our discreet employees won't judge and will be happy to provide drinks and food while you enjoy some hard-earned downtime. We are currently pouring the Avery New World Porter and the Flying Dog Raging Bitch. Tomorrow we'll tap a cask of High & Mighty XPA so be sure to stop by. Still rocking the Yuengling btw..., Good evening ladies and gentlemen! Starting to get a little cold out. Warm yourself up by our fireplace and join us for dinner. Now pouring Thomas Hooker Chocolate Truffle Stout, Jack's Abby Saxonator, and Yuengling Tradtional Lager. No big deal., Join us for some brunch and the Winter Olympics today until 3pm! Now pouring Sam Adams Escape Route, Krusovice Cerne, and Victory Hop Devil (on nitro)!, Join us for a tasting of Widmer Upheaval IPA from 4:30 p.m. to 6  p.m. on Friday the 22nd of February.  There will be a pint giveaway and rumor is, they have hats... 

See you then!, Happy President's Day! Come and join us for brunch til 3pm! Now pouring Sierra Nevada Ruthless Rye, Bantam Rojo Cider, and on cask, Cape Ann Fisherman's Dead Eye DIPA., Severe winter weather? Snow problem! (Get it?) Walk, ski or sled yo ass down to Five Horses and warm up next to the fireplace with a glass of your favorite spirit in hand. Our kitchen is open til midnight regardless of the weather. Newly tapped today- Stone Matt's Burning Rosids Imperial Cherrywood-smoked Saison, CBC Big Man IPA, Unibroue La Terrible, and Element Red Giant. We're also enjoying the Wachusett Larry DIPA  (thanks Tom, TJ and TJ!) and the Shipyard Smashed Blueberry. Finally, we're offering the Cape Ann Dead Eye DIPA on cask, pitched with some extra Citra hops just for us! And don't forget Sunday AND Monday brunch, served from 10:30-3:00. We'll see you soon!, Come in and enjoy the Winter Olympics and brunch with us today. Brunch till 3pm. Now pouring Boulevard Rye-on-Rye, Stone Enjoy By 2.14.14. IPA and Mayflower Rye DIPA (brand new small batch)!, It's Friday!  Join us for a $5 cheese pizza from 1130 a.m. until 4 p.m.!  

Now pouring:
Cape Ann Fisherman's Navigator - Doppelbock
Brewdog Punk IPA from Scotland
Harpoon Chardonnay Barrel-aged Pale Ale
Stillwater Cellar Door - Saison
Sierra Nevada Kellerweis
St. Louis Fond Tradition Kriek

Join us for a tasty brew and some delicious food!, Five Horses Tavern - Davis Sq & South End celebrating a beautiful day at Loon Mtn. skiing, snow boarding and tubing, then finishing our day with the wonderful folks, Here's the breakdown Horse fans! On Sunday Feb. 2nd we will stop serving food at 3:00 and drinks at 4-5:00. We will be closed for our staff trip on Monday (God help the state of New Hampshire) but will reopen on Tuesday Feb. 4th at 4:00 for normal dinner service. Also make sure you swing by and help us drink all this great beer we just tapped recently. Otter Creek Citra Mantra, Rogue Double Chocolate Stout and Bear Republic Red Rocket are just a few of the gems. Hope to see you soon!, Our schedule for February 2nd-4th:

February 2nd - Serving only brunch from 10:30 a.m. until 3 p.m.,  We will do last call for beverages at 4:15 p.m. and close at 5 p.m.

February 3rd - We will be closed all day for a staff outing

February 4th - We will re-open at 5 p.m. and resume normal closing hours, Sick of the cold weather?  Stop by and join us for a $5 cheese pizza until 4 p.m. right by the fireplace!

Now pouring:  Green Flash Palate Wrecker, Boulder Shake Chocolate Porter, Ommegang Hennepin, Abita Spiced Turbodog (Cask) & Jack's Abby Mass Rising!!!

Join us!, Happy Martin Luther King Day! We'll be serving brunch till 3pm today! Try our delicious 'chimichanga' - black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, cotija cheese, served in a fried tortilla with salsa, guacamole and goat cheese sour cream., Good Morning All! Where are you watching the game? Come join us for brunch and enjoy our delicious 'monte cristo' - egg battered challah bread, ham, turkey, swiss and blueberry-pepper jam. Serving brunch till 3PM.

We'll also be serving brunch, tomorrow, on Martin Luther King Day!, Hey y'all! Holiday weekend but it's crappy weather and you don't know what to do? Come join us for brunch, served from 10:30-3:00 Saturday, Sunday AND Monday. Grab a bloody and an omelet and watch the rain fall while you're warm and toasty. New draughts on rotation- Braufactum Roog rauchbier, Boulder Shake Chocolate Porter, 21st Amendment Almond Milk Porter, Maine Beer Co. Peeper Ale and Long Trail Honey Ginger IPA., We have beer!  Aside from 37 rotating drafts, we have over 100 bottles of beer to choose from!, Grab a $5 cheese pizza from 1130 am until 4 p.m., Monday through Friday with one of our freshly tapped brews including: Avery IPA, Woodstock Inn Pig's Ear, Left Hand Milk Stout (Nitro), Dogfish Head Kvasir and Ommegang Hop House!! See you soon!, Good afternoon everyone. Starting to warm up out there!! Come join us today for brunch, till 3PM, and try one of our newest brunch item, huevos rancheros - crispy corn tortilla, sunny side eggs, chili-lime black beans, guacamole, fire roasted salsa, and cotija cheese., Come in from the snow and warm up with 1 or 2 of our 37 drafts, 100+ bottled beers, and/or our giant bourbon collection!  Don't forget your living social lunch coupon, good for lunch Monday through Friday from 1130-4 p.m., Good afternoon everyone. We'll be open tonight, New Year's Eve, til 2AM, no cover! Join us tomorrow, New Year's Day, for brunch from 10:30 to 3PM, try one of our delicious Bloody Maries, perfect cure for that nasty hangover! Cheers!, We've added 5 new items to our brunch menu!  Come and try the Monte Cristo, Huevos Rancheros, Good Morning Davis omelette, Rise and Shine Brunch Pizza and Croissantwich!  

Remember, we will be serving brunch on New Year's Day from 1030 a.m until 3 p.m.  Hope to see you there and Happy Holidays!, Just tapped:  Mad River Steelhead DIPA, Green Flash West Coast IPA, Narragansett Autocrat Coffee Milk Stout and Sierra Nevada Weizenbock!  Join us!, We OPEN at 6PM tonight! 

Silver Fox is on the bar so come drink great beer!!!, Good afternoon folks. A slight change from the last post, we'll be closing at 3PM today and reopening tomorrow, Christmas Day at 6PM. Sorry for the confusion.;) Happy holidays!!!!!, Good morning folks! Five Horses Tavern - Davis, will be open today for lunch only til 4pm and we will reopen tomorrow, Christmas Day at 6pm. Have a wonderful and safe holiday!, Check out our living social coupon:  https://www.livingsocial.com/deals/967239-26-to-spend-on-modern-american-comfort-food 

Good for lunch Monday through Friday from 1130-4 p.m.  See you soon!, Don't forget about our gift certificates for all your stocking stuffer needs!  Available in $10, $25 and $50 increments!  Call or stop by to pick some up!, Now that the pesky little Nor'Easter is behind us, come in and enjoy some brunch, being served til 3pm today! Featuring our 'morning steak frites - 4oz marinated hanger steak, two eggs, red pepper-scallion hash browns, and toast. Try one of our delicious Bloody Maries!, Get out of the cold and join us for brunch! Enjoy our delicious 'the cap'n' - cap'n crunch coated french toast sticks with raspberry coulis, 100% maple syrup, powered sugar, and fruit salad., Come in from the cold and enjoy a beer!  Just tapped:  Founders All Day IPA, 21st Amendment Fireside Chat and Notch Session Valley Malt BSA., Good evening folks! Check out our house-infused Woodford Reserve cocktail, 'wolf's howl'! Aaaaoooohhh!!!, Now pouring:  Smuttynose Bouncy House, Shipyard Black IPA, Southern Tier 2XRye, Belhaven Black Stout (On Nitro), Wormtown Wintah, Long Trail Belgian Brunette and Jack's Abby Hoponious Union.  Come on in from the cold and enjoy one (or two) with us paired with a $5 cheese pizza Monday through Friday from 11:30 a.m. until 4 p.m.!!!!, Come join us for brunch, 10:30a-3p, and enjoy 'the censored': anson mills cheddar grits, crispy pork belly, two eggs sunnyside up, scallions, and toast. Wash it down with one of our gin bloody maries!, Don't forget we have $5 cheese pizzas from 1130-4 p.m., Monday through Friday.  Plus we just tapped some new brews, including:  Ithaca Flower Power, Sierra Nevada Big Foot Ale, CBC The Great Pumpkin Ale and Hacker-Pschorr Dunkel Weiss!  Join us for a beer or two with a yummy pizza!, Get out of the cold and join us for dinner! Now pouring Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro, Wormtown Sweet Tats, and Finch's Threadless IPA.

Did we mention we also serve brunch on Saturdays and Sundays from 10:30AM - 3PM!, Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We're open for dinner (if you're not full of turkey!) and drinks tonight!  We'll be open till 1am!, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Five Horses Tavern!!, Come and join us for dinner as we feature our Thanksgiving Week Specials featuring the delicious 'The Gobbler', pulled turkey meat, cranberry bbq sauce, caramelized onion mashed potatoes, herb gravy, onion focaccia.

Also our holiday hours are as follows,
Thanksgiving Day - 6PM-1AM
Christmas Eve - 11:30AM-3PM
Christmas Day - 6PM-1AM, Here's what we'll be featuring all week starting at 5pm!, Don't forget we have $5 cheese pizzas Monday - Friday from 11:30 a.m. until 4 p.m.  Freshly tapped beers include Long Trail Culmination, Founders Backwoods Bastard, Brooklyn Fire & Ice and B. Nektar Necromangocon Mead.  Join us!, Get out of the rain and warm up by our fire place and join us for dinner tonight! Now pouring Sierra Nevada Celebration Fresh Hop Ale, Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale, and on cask; John Harvard's Good Hop IPA!, Get out of the cold and join us for a late lunch/early dinner! Now pouring on cask: John Harvard's Good Hope IPA. On draft The Tap Joshua Norton Imperial Stout, Stone Double Bastard, and Peak Organic Fresh Cut!, Hey Horse fans! Just so you know we are starting to take reservations Monday through Friday from 11:30-4:30 and Saturday and Sunday brunch till 3:00. Give us a call at 617-764-1655 or check out our website and make your reservation through Open Table. Hopefully it makes things a little easier for planning those beer-centric get-togethers!, Starting to warm up out there! Come join us for brunch every Saturday & Sunday from 10:30a-3:00p. 

Now pouring Long Trail Limbo IPA, Southern Tier 2X Milk Stout - ON NITRO, and Jack's Abby Lashes Hopbock Lager! On cask: The Tap Sassy Rabbit., Our first bourbon infusion using Woodford Reserve and organic Turkish figs, organic Indonesian vanilla beans and cinnamon sticks!  We will keep you posted on the final product!, Getting a little chilly out there! Come in and join us for a late lunch/early dinner, warm up by the fireplace and enjoy some of our new draft offerings! Now pouring Saison Dupont, Cisco Island Reserve Madaquet IPA, and Paulaner Salvator., Good morning ladies and gentlemen, come get your brunch on today from 10:30-3pm, and just in case you miss it,  
We'll also be serving brunch tomorrow-Veterans Day November 11th till 3pm!!!

Now on Tap:
Harpoon Grateful Harvest Ale, Downeast Original Blend Cider, Night Shift Sea Glass, Brasserie Dupont Saison, Blue Hills Pumpkin Lager, and 35 more!

Now on Cask: The Tap Sassy Rabbit, Little chilly out there? Come warm up with us for lunch and enjoy $5 pizza till 4pm. Now pouring Banner American Rye Ale on cask!

We'll also be serving brunch this Monday-Veterans Day, Nov. 11th, till 3pm!, Join us during this crisp fall week for lunch and our $5 cheese pizza served Monday through Friday from 1130 a.m. until 4 p.m., Hope everyone had a happy and safe Halloween! Come join us this evening for dinner! Now pouring: Sam Adams Nitro Stout (just tapped!), White Birch Emily IPA, 21st Amendment Brew Free or Die IPA!, Congrats to the Sox for bringing this fine city another championship, and thanks to all of you who celebrated their victory with us!
Heading into this haunted weekend we will be pouring:
Ithaca Country Pumpkin
CBC Stout at the Devil
St. Ambroise Pumpkin
Dogfish Punkin Ale
Gritty's Monster Mash
Night Shift Viva Habanera, On Wednesday, October 30th, we will be rolling out our new cocktail menu featuring the Lullabye Maker with Evan Williams Bourbon, In the Moonlight with Midnight Cherry Moonshine and the Trail Blazer with Don Q Anejo Rum.

Don't forget we have our new menu items as well!

Looking for a great lunch place?  Five Horses Tavern has $5 cheese pizzas Monday thru Friday from 1130 a.m. until 4 p.m. 

Hope to see you soon!, Getting a little chilly out there! Come into Five Horses Tavern and enjoy our NEW Duck Cassoulet: white bean stew, crispy pork belly, duck sausage, confit duck leg, parmesan-herb baguette.

We're also featuring the NEW Trancendence by Enlightenment Ales from Lowell MA. 

Also join us for brunch! Every Saturday and Sundays from 10:30AM till 3PM., The seasons are a'changing, and we're rolling out a new food menu this week!  Come by and check out some of our new dishes:
k-town wings, tuna tartare, duck cassoulet, chicken roulade, seared tuna, and pan roasted cod-pictured below!, Gronk is back! in other news we've got brunch from 10:30 till 3 today.  Come catch the Pats game while you suck down one of our three signature Bloody Marys, Vodka, Bourbon, or Gin!

Now On Draft:
Avery DuganA
Ballast Point Habanero Sculpin
St-Ambroise Citrouille
CBC What's Up Butternut?, Hey regatta fans! When you need a break from watching the racing action, sail your ass over to Davis Sq. and join us for brunch or a post-prandial beverage. More Bloody Marys than you can shake an oar at and some great beer selections perfect for the weather. Plus over 100 whiskies to help you get your sea legs back. Come by and see us!, Join us for $5 cheese pizzas Monday through Friday from 1130 am-3 pm and some freshly tapped beers including:  MOA Pale Ale, Pioneer American Stout, Ommegang Rare Vos and The Bruery Mischief!, Today we're featuring a new release from Enlightenment Ales from Lowell, MA! The Transcedence, and American Farmhouse Ale, 6.2%, 750ml. A rich, full-bodied ale that's crisp and effervescent!, Got the day off? Come join us today, for brunch till 3pm. Enjoy our delicious Breaky Sammy - fried egg, Tuscan kale, double smoked bacon, Vermont-aged cheddar, and maple-chile mustard.

Now pouring The Tap Pumpkin-Eater, Stone Enjoy By 11.12.13. IPA, and Ithaca Flower Power., Happy Fall y'all. To get you in the mood we're featuring some seasonally apropos brews. Come and try a Dogfish Head Punkin Ale, Southern Tier Pumking, Shipyard Smashed Pumpkin or a Woodchuck Private Reserve Pumpkin Cider. Hit us up for brunch, served Saturday, Sunday AND Monday, or swing on over for dinner. Help us welcome the new season!, Come join us for lunch! Enjoy a $5 cheese pizza till 4pm. We're also featuring the Boulevard/Sierra Nevada collaboration Terra Incognita, Ale aged in whiskey barrels.

Now pouring Riverwalk "Umbus" Double Rye IPA, Hacker-Pschorr Dunkel Weisse, and of course the Southern Tier Pumking. On cask: Peak Organic IPA., We just tapped some fresh brews including HeBrew Lenny's RIPA, BBC Wet Hop IPA, Ommegang Scythe & Sickle, Portico Charrette Saison, 21st Ammendment Back in Black and Stone 17th Anniversary Double IPA.  Stop by and try one or two!!!, Good Morning everyone! Come join us today for brunch, and every Saturday & Sunday from 10:30a-3p!

Enjoy our delicious tavern breakfast; two eggs, hash browns, fresh fruit, and choice of toast (brioche pictured here). Also try one of our savory bloody marys!, Thanks to everyone that joined us for the Sierra Nevada Tap Takeover yesterday! We also raise our mugs to Dave and Joe from Sierra for providing access to some truly incredible beers. For those of you that missed the event we still have some great beers on draught. Stop by and sample some!, Come join us tomorrow, Wednesday night for our grand Sierra Nevada tap takeover, from 6pm-8pm featuring a couple of brewery only releases! Raffles for giveaways!

Featuring Flipside Red IPA, Bigfoot Barleywine, Narwhal Stout, Ovila Saison with Plums, Belgian Black IPA, and more!, Mark your calendars!!!  Wednesday, October 2, 2013 from 6 pm to 8 pm, we will be having a Sierra Nevada tap-takeover featuring 10 different brews.  Kegs available only at the brewery in Chico will be here as well as free glassware, t-shirts and bottle openers!  Don't forget!!!  See you Wednesday!, Ommegang's new Game of Thrones beer is tapped and ready to pour! It's a roasty stout called Take the Black, and it's brewed with licorice root and star anise, although these flavors are subtle. Come by and raise a glass to the fallen kings of Winterfell. Or just come by for brunch., Did you miss us?  Come catch up with us, serving brunch from 10:30 till 3! 

 If that's not enough, Oktoberfest is here. Now pouring;
 Hofbrau Munchen, Hacker-Pschorr Oktoberfest, Paulaner Weisn Blonde,and Victory Festbier!, Come join us Monday thru Friday for lunch! $5 Cheese Pizza's till 4PM. Enjoy a fresh pint of The Tap's Leatherlips IPA (just spiked), loaded with Centennial, Chinook, and Nugget hops! 

Also join us for brunch every Saturday & Sunday morning from 10:30AM till 3PM!, Come join us and try our Oktoberfest Specials menu featuring Bratwurst - beer poached German sausage, soft hoagie roll, pickled red cabbage, and spicy mustard. 'Prost!', Don't forget to join us this week for our Oktoberfest specials!  We will be pouring Hofbrau Munchen Oktoberfestbier, Hacker-Pschorr Oktoberfest, Paulaner Weisn Blonde and Spaten Oktoberfest for all your Oktoberfest needs!  Join us!, Our Chicken Schnitzel, pan-fried and served with tangy lemon mayo and a frisée and apple salad., The classic Oktoberfest Haus Pretzel, served with spicy mustard and beer cheese. You better come runnin' since these sell pretty quick!, Question, does anyone out there love pretzels? If so, come join us tomorrow starting at 3pm, we start our Oktoberfest Special Menu!

We'll be pouring 4, of the 6 'tent beers' featured at the festival in Munich. 'Prost!', Tavern Chili simmerin' on the stove. Come on down and get some! Grab a Piraat beer while you're at it to celebrate Talk Like a Pirate Day., Meet the boys from Downeast Cider House tonight from 6-8pm!
We'll be giving away glassware so come early!

We'll be pouring:
Downeast Original 
Downeast Cranberry 
Downeast Barrel Aged Cider, Tavern chili is back!, cauliflower and blue!, Some old favorite menu items have staged a comeback!  The toro furioso taco is back! Along with our famous tavern chili, we have a cauliflower and blue soup, and 'shrooms on toast!

If that isn't enough for ya, tonight from 6pm to 8pm we are hosting a meet the Brewers of Downeast Cider House!, Ladies and Gentlemen, come join tomorrow night for our 'Meet the Brewers of Downeast Cider House', from 6pm-8pm! Free pint glass giveaway, so get here early!, Happy Friday the 13th! Come join us for a late lunch/early dinner! Come join for brunch as well, Saturdays and Sundays from 10:30am till 3pm!

Now pouring Weyerbacher Imperial Pumpkin Ale, Sierra Nevada Flipside Red IPA, Peak Organic Fresh Cut, and the Moa Imperial Stout (aged in Pinot Noir barrels)!, It's that time of the year!  Pumpkin beers are here!  
Now pouring Blue Hills Pumpkin Lager, and Woodchuck Fall Cider
with 36 rotating drafts we'll end up seeing them all!, School already getting the best of you?  Come take a break from with brunch, bloody marys three ways, or an Ice Box! From 10:30 till 3 every Saturday and Sunday!!  We don't need no education!

Now pouring; Port Brewing 7th Anniversary Double IPA, Element Red Giant, Downeast Cider, and Woodchuck Fall Cider!, Happy Friday friends! Come join us today for lunch! $5 cheese pizzas till 4pm! Come join us for brunch Saturday and Sundays from 10:30am till 3pm.

Now pouring; Robinson's "The Trooper" - Iron Madien collaboration (that's right), Green Flash Symposium IPA, and Avery "The Beast" Grand Cru Ale., Good morning friends! We'll be open serving brunch from 10:30 til 4! We'll be closeing this evening at 5pm and will reopen the following  evening, Tuesday, Sept. 3rd, at 5pm for dinner.

Have a happy and safe Labor Day!, Happy Sunday everyone! Today we turn 2!!! Come join us, we'll be serving brunch till 3pm!

We'll ALSO be serving brunch on Labor Day Monday!, Hey guys and gals come grab some brunch tomorrow morning from 10:30 till 3pm and if you really can't make it, you can get your brunch fix on Monday! from 10:30 till 4pm!!!

Alas we will be closing Monday evening at 5pm and reopening on Tuesday at 5pm!  We'll miss you!, Check out our feature on the Thrillist!  Our little sister south end location is now running full steam ahead!

Labor Day we will be enjoying brunch from 10:30 till 4pm, we will re-open at 5pm on Tuesday so come get your fix!!, Cap'n Crunch-coated french toast sticks!!!  Gin, Bourbon, and Vodka  bloody marys!!  The Captain approves!  Serving brunch from 10:30 till 3., We can't let our South End satellite steal ALL of the limelight....

Many thanks to everyone for all of your love and support. We couldn't ask for a better square to be apart of!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/search-results/?q=five+horses+tavern&submit=, null, null, null, null, Congratulations to our little sister who is having her grand opening tonight at 535 Columbus ave. in the South End of Boston!

Check out a review by urban daddy through the link below!, Good morning Davis square! Just tapped some exciting beers this weekend, come get em while they're hot....rrr...cold!
Now pouring: 
Dogfish Head Positive Contact
Port Brewing Shark Attack
Smuttynose Finest Kind IPA
Riverwalk Screen Door Summer
Pretty Things Meadowlark IPA, I do not like green eggs and ham, but I sure do like Five Horses' Greens, Eggs, and Lamb!

Open for brunch 10:30 till 3 every Saturday and Sunday!, Kick the weekend off right with a few of our 37 draft beers!
Just tapped: 
Smuttynose/Stone Cluster's Last Stand!
Boulder Hoopla on Nitro!
Troegs Hopback Amber!
Stone Levitation Ale!, Come join us for the 'Meet the Brewers of Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project with Dan & Martha!' From 6pm til 8pm. We'll be pouring;
Pretty Things Jack D' Or
Pretty Things Baby Tree
Pretty Things Magnifico
Pretty Things Once Upon A Time 1939, No. 1 Ale

Stay Pretty and Drink Real Beer., Hey y'all. Just tapped the Boulder Mojo IPA on NITRO.  Come enjoy this tasty summer treat and grab brunch while you're at it, Saturday and Sunday from 10:30 til 3. Nothing gets a soul out of bed like the promise of Bloodies done three ways!, We are serving our classic cheese pizza for just $5 from 11:30 till 4pm!  Come vist us and help cheer this dreary day up with a pint of awesome!, Hello greater Boston!  Can't beat the heat? Let us help you out, come cool down with cool brew and A/C all day at the stable.  Now pouring John Harvard's Arrow IPA on cask!!, Hey gang! Join us tomorrow as we celebrate St. Arnoldus Day at Five Horses. Arnoldus, the patron saint of Belgian brewers, famously told his followers to drink beer, not water. Definitely rhetoric worth following! We'll be featuring a Saison and an Abbey Tripel from Brasserie St. Feuillien along with the Tripel Karmeliet from Brouwerji Bosteels. As always, we have tons of Belgian bottles to choose from too. Stay hydrated, drink beer!, Friends, family and enthusiasts of Five Horses Tavern, get psyched! We're nearly two weeks away from opening our doors in our new South End location. If anyone is interested in joining our team, please email us at infosouthend@fivehorsestavern.com. We're looking forward to seeing everyone there!, Nothing better on a hot day than a refreshing Sangria.....$8 glasses, $29 pitchers! Word is that it goes great with a tuna steak., Crab cakes, anyone?, More new summer food items for you to try, starting today!!, Who out there is thirsty?! We've got another event lined up tonight with Blue Point Brewery out of Long Island, NY tonight from 6-8pm. We'll be pouring their White IPA, their Flagship Toasted Lager, and their Hoptical Illusion and the brewers will be here to give samples and fun stuff away. Come and join us!, Gear up for the Bruins with a special pint night this evening featuring Wormtown Brewery! Master Brewer Ben Roesch will be here himself to talk about their brews and give away swag! Now pouring Be Hoppy IPA (on cask!!), Sweet Tats Oatmeal Stout, and their Hopulence Double IPA., We've got brunch. We've got crabs. We've got a booth at the Hyper Local Brewfest at the Somerville Armory from 3-6pm and again at 7-10pm with a boatload of pork belly and potato tacos. And we'd certainly love for you to join us and partake in all of the above!!, Rise and shine beautiful people!  Another amazing day full of delicious brunch and beer awaits!  We've got it goin on from 10:30 to 3., Hungry? We are now featuring....not one... but TWO twin lobster rolls coming with a side of mesclun greens. Wash it down with a Port Brewing Summer pale, a Bear Republic Racer 5, or a Dry-Hopped Saison Dupont (all on draft!), We have some brand new menu offerings (as well as some returning favorites!) starting today available for lunch and dinner! Come in and try one of the following new items: Soft Shell Crab, Farmer's Market Club Sandwich (vg), Lobster Rolls, Elote Loco, and a Linguica and Pepper Pizza. Bon appetit!, Brunch until 3pm today and tomorrow! Nothing beats our Bellini and Three-Way Bloody Mary. We're also gearing up for the Belmont Stakes, the last leg of the Triple Crown! Post time is scheduled for 6:36 and the sound will be on!, Now pouring: Avery Maharaja, Vanberg & DeWulf Hop-Ruiter,  Ommegang Fleur de Houblon, and Saison Dupont Cuvee Dry Hopping. Patio and windows are open, so come and join us!, Lagunitas Fusion#14 has officially been tapped!! Being featured this weekend at the American Craft Beer Fest, this limited release brew is a collaboration between Five Horses Tavern, Meadhall, and Max and Dylans (and of course, all thanks to Lagunitas brewery and team who flew us over to brew!) and is only available in the Boston area!
We are pretty proud of it, and think you should check it out as soon as possible., This weekend's scorching weather forecast can be comfortably offset by glasses and pitchers of ice cold sangria. Swing by in the early evening or join us for Saturday or Sunday brunch and cool off like a pro!, Come in and join us on this beautiful day! We'll be serving brunch will 3pm featuring our savory Bourbon Bloody Mary! Now pouring Backlash Declaration IPA, Ballast Point Big Eye IPA, and the Wormtown Blonde Cougar!, Join us this evening for dinner and drinks while we watch the Bruins close down the New York Rangers! Now pouring 21st Amendment Imperial Jack, North Coast Class of '88, Ballast Point Sculpin IPA, and Breckenridge Agave Wheat., We've just tapped some delectable brews that are fit for patio weather: High and Mighty Pas De Dieux Saison, Jack's Abby Leisure Time, Great Divide Titan IPA, Dogfish 61 Minute, and Heavy Seas Riptide on Cask!, Now pouring: ...The One....The Only... DOGFISH 120 MINUTE IPA!

Referred to as the Holy Grail for hopheads, this beer wont be around for long so come and get yours today!, Come and join us for the Nation Wide Simul-Tap of Boulder Mojo IPA on NITRO at 4:20pm

"Once the exclusive draft of Irish Stouts, nitrogen-infused beers in a variety of flavors are breaking new barriers along the tap walls of great craft beer bars all over the United States. Mojo IPA is one of the first major craft IPAs to “go nitro.”, To all the mothers out there who mean so much to us, Five Horses would like to wish you a very happy day! Brunch offered until three pm and we invite you to spend your afternoon and evening with us., Our new Spring Cocktail list is up and running!!, 'Tis the season: Dogfish Head's Gluten Free Tweason'ale is now on draft!, Our favorite derby day is right around the corner and we are gearing up for Julep season! If you like horses, whiskey, and sunny days plan on ponying up to the Tavern this Saturday. And don't worry, we haven't forgotten about Cinco de Mayo: we've also got you covered as far as Mexican libations are concerned. De Nada., Five Horses would like to extend a HUGE thank you to all our friends who came in and helped us raise money for the One Fund this week. All our staff donated their tips and the House matched that contribution for a total of $3,240 for #TheOneFund. #Bostonstrong, We just tapped a whole lot of fresh kegs! Come in and try: 21st Amendment Watermelon Wheat, Boulevard Grain Storm, Victory Swing Session, and Newburyport IPA. Brunch served 10:30-3!, The Boston Beer Company will be donating all profits from sales of their 26.2 Brew to those involved in the marathon tragedy. We just tapped a fresh keg, and we will be donating a free glass while supplies last. #BostonStrong, Five Horses will be open normal hours today and the rest of the week. Our thoughts and hearts continue to go out to everyone affected by yesterday's tragedy. Stay safe & stay strong, Boston., Patriots Day=Brunch until 3PM!, We are gearing up for a big weekend. Not only is it supposed to stop raining, but we've got the big ol' Boston Marathon happening this Monday (Patriots Day!)....which means a few very important things: 

1. Brunch will be served this Saturday, Sunday, AND Monday from 10:30-3pm
2. The patio (weather permitting) will be open for business
3. Specialty brews will be hitting the draft lines, including the first installment of the Ommegang Game of Thrones series, Sam Adam's 26.2, and Dogfish Hellhound On My Ale!, Spring is here! The patio is now open!, Today is National Caramel Popcorn Day.

...We don't get it either. But we DO have a beer brewed with caramel AND corn (Pretty Things Once Upon a Time 1939) as well as brunch from 10:30-3pm. So we think you should still come in and celebrate., We've got some fun and exciting pours happening that we think you should come in and try! Now on draft: He'Brew Funky Jewbelation #6, Pretty Things Once Upon A Time 1939, John Harvard's Black IPA Cask, Weyerbacher Verboten, Rising Tide Calcutta Cutter, and North Coast Brother Thelonious among many more., Please join our ALL STAR crew today for Easter Brunch.  Tina, Greenbee, Allie, Rachel, Deirdre, Esther, Beth, Jason, Brett, Joe, Marlon and Kevin. A striking resemblance to this dozen!, The weather is getting warmer and we are gearing up for spring! Celebrate Easter weekend by coming in for brunch, normal time and offerings this Saturday and Sunday. Now pouring Blue Hills Spring Marzen, Otter Creek Hop Session, and Sierra Nevada Kellerweis!, Happy mid-week everybody! We've got some quality brews freshly tapped to liven up your work week: Stone Ruination, Estrella Damm Lager, Sam Adams Double Agent IPL, Wormtown Hogshead Red, and Troeg's Nugget Nectar!, It's once again that time of year to celebrate cask-conditioned beers! Join the NERAX celebration and pony up to the bar for a real pint of ale. Now pouring The Tap Eagle Five Schwarzbier, with Jack's Abby Cascadian and John Harvard's Black IPA in the wings., We've got good beer coming out of our ears this weekend! Come grab a pre-Patty's Day pint of one of the following: Stone Cali-Belgique, Slumbrew Naked Hopularity, CBC The Colonel "Wild" Porter, Lost Abbey Carnevale, Port Brewing Wipeout. (We may or may not have a barrel of Dogfish 120 waiting in the wings as well, shhhhhhhh......), Mother Nature has blessed us with a great day for drinking beer.
Founders's All Day IPA, Stone Enjoy by 4.1.13 IPA and Hacker-Pschorr Hubertus Bock all just went on!

BRUNCH all weekend 10:30AM-3PM. Should be a busy weekend as we wrap up our Living Social promotion and welcome Harpoon's 5K runners on Sunday. Get here early!!!, Spice up your Tuesday night with a Ballast Point Thai Wohoo Wheat, a Boulevard 80-Acre Hoppy Wheat, or a Dogfish Rhizing Bines on draft! We are also pretty excited about our Abita cask: a full-bodied American version of an Extra Special Bitter, from Abita!, Waltz your way into Five Horses for some beer and eggs (or perhaps a Bloody Mary or two...) We'll be serving brunch from 10:30-3pm. Now pouring: Uinta Detour Double IPA, Innus & Gunn Irish Whiskey Cask Aged Stout, Boulder Mojo Risin, Full Sail Imperial Bourbon Stout, and Rodenbach!, We thought we would mix things up a bit to combat this nasty weather. Come in and dine with us this evening, we've got five new menu items to delight you with whether you are vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, or a meat lover extraordinaire! 

(Our new 'Danny Sammy' pictured below...Duck meatloaf, focaccia bread, parmesan mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy......this one goes out to the meat lovers. You're welcome.), Great Bourbon, Beautiful Horses. Come grab a glass (or four!) Flights of bourbon with a snifter of Anderson Valley Bourbon Barrel Stout for $16. Charlie from Anderson will be here from 7-8 and rumor has it he might have some loot to give away. What better way to spend a Thursday night!, If you know Five Horses, you know that beer and bourbon are two of our favorite things. So this Thirsty Thursday join us from 7-9pm where we will be doing a special event with Charlie from Anderson Valley. We will be tapping a fresh keg of their Anderson Valley Wild Turkey Bourbon Barrel Stout and pairing it with a flight of three of our favorite bourbons. Educational, and delicious!, Happy President's Day! Come and join us for brunch till 3pm today! Try 1 of our 3 delicious Bloody Marys!, Don't let another snowy day ward you off.....brunch starts at 10:30 and it's worth coming out for!, Five Horses wishes you a very happy Valentines day, and whether you are single, a couple, or one of a very large group invite you to come on in and share in an overwhelming, all-consuming, and never-ending LOVE of BEER., Hungry after all that shoveling?  Come on down for brunch from 10:30 till 3pm, For all ye brave souls, apocalyptic wanderers, hungry shovelers, and for everyone that just needs a stinking drink....

WE OPEN AT 5!!!!!, UPDATE: So.. It seems that state officials do not want you to eat or drink. We just shut our doors for the evening. We are planing on being back in the AM for brunch tomorrow. 

Enjoy the weather!, UPDATE: So.. It seems that state officials do not want you to eat. We are planing on closing the kitchen at 4PM and will be back at it for 10:30AM brunch tomorrow.
However, we feel very strongly that you should drink great beer during this storm. Our bar will stay open as late as possible., So.. Here's the deal. We are planing on keeping our kitchen open until 9PM tonight and will be back at it for 10:30AM brunch tomorrow.
However, we feel very strongly that you should drink great beer during this storm. Our bar will stay open as late as possible., While the weather outside is frightful....we've got beer that's at least delightful....and since there's no school left to go....LET IT SNOW, LET IT SNOW, LET IT SNOW! 

Now pouring Vicaris Winter, Aegir Julebrygg Winter, Smuttynose Gravitation, and John Harvards Monticello Porter on cask. 
That + the fireplace = warmth in body and soul, We're back ladies and gents! Doors open at 4pm., We regret to inform that Five Horses will be closed due to maintenance starting at 4pm this evening and will not be reopening until Tuesday (2/5) at 4pm. Enjoy the Superbowl and we look forward to seeing you next week!, NOW POURING: Backlash Famine, Green Flash Double Stout, Boulevard Double Wide IPA, and Jack's Abby Smoke and Dagger on Nitro. Drink craft beer! (Luis says so!), A reminder to all you hungry early birds: Starting tomorrow Five Horses will now be open at 10:30 am for brunch every Saturday and Sunday! Get after it., Now pouring Wormtown's Hogshead Red: an Amber ale aged in Merlot and Cabernet wooden barrels for three months and then for an additional week on a 1/2 pound of red raspberries per gallon. You really don't want to miss this!!, Starting next weekend we will be dishing out brunch even earlier! Doors set to open at 10:30 am every Saturday and Sunday. Wear your best plaid and come on down., We've got the stuff to keep you feeling warm inside despite the frosty weather. Try a Dogfish Immort barleywine, Ommegang Adoration, or a John Harvard's 3 Years of Roses on cask!, Happy Martin Luther King Day everyone! We'll be serving BRUNCH until 3pm TODAY. Stop in and try 1 of our 3 Bloody Marys!, Today is 'National Hot and Spicy Food Day'. Celebrate with a Toro Taco. Or two. Or even three., What should you be doing with this wet & rainy Sunday? Having brunch at Five Horses, of course! Now pouring a limited edition Wormtown Foggy Goggles Barleywine aged in Buffalo Trace barrels and which we have been aging in house for over a year! Once it's gone, it's gone, so come get you some!, A whiskey a day keeps the doctor away....so come and enjoy one of our 150 offerings., TOP 5 NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS: 
(And the Five Horses Way To Getting There)

1. Spend More Time with Family and Friends (...eating brunch at Five Horses Tavern)
2. Put the Fit in Fitness (...our new policy includes 5 sit-ups per bloody mary)
3. Tame the Bulge (....health conscious options include baked oatmeal, yogurt parfait, and cinnamon-walnut red quinoa with fruit)
4. Quit Smoking/Drink less (....studies have been made that show drinking in moderation actually increases life span)
5. Enjoy Life More (....goes without saying, look at how happy our staff is), Happy New Year!! Come ring in 2013 with us here at the stable....we will be serving food until midnight and drinks until 2am. No cover, no nonsense. And we will be right back at it tomorrow morning with brunch running from 11-3pm., Hey ya'll! Brunch at Five Horses is where it's at. Serving from 11am-3pm today, tomorrow, and New Years Day. 

(Paula Deen approves this message), New Years is approaching and with it the inevitable resolutions....

So Carpe Diem and eat, drink, and be merry in the days leading up! Now pouring Avery Hog Heaven, Allagash Four (keep the glass while supplies last!), He'Brew Jewbelation Sweet 16, Green Flash West Coast IPA, and Pretty Things Once Upon a Time EIPA., And what happened, then? Well, in Somerville they say - that the Grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day!

We are here for you 6PM-1AM tonight. Come drink with us!, Five Horses wishes you a very merry Christmas....a happy Hanukkah.....a pleasant Kwanzaa.....a prosperous Chinese New Year.....and overall, a safe and joyous holiday!

We will be open on Christmas Eve from 11-5pm, and on Christmas day opening at 6pm and serving until 1am. Eat, drink, and be hoppy!, We are all still here. Might as well celebrate with french toast! Or at the very least reward yourself after some last minute shopping with one of the following draughts: Hoppin' Frog Frosted Frog, Dogfish Virra Etrusca, Stone 12.12.12, Delirium Noel, Maine Beer Co Lunch, Sixpoint Bengali Tiger., What better way to spend your last night on Earth then drinking La Fin Du Monde on draft at Five Horses? This is the first time this brew has been available on draft EVER and we will be counting down the minutes until it's tapped tomorrow night. Doomsday never tasted so good., Join us for brunch this Saturday and Sunday and check out some of our new additions to the menu! Featured items include 'Baked Oatmeal', 'Greens, Eggs, and Lamb sausage patties', and of course our 'Fatboy Burger' loaded with a fried egg, canadian bacon, hash browns, and creole mustard!, Tired of shopping? Worried about your Amazon purchases getting lost in the mail? Give the gift that keeps on giving: A Five Horses Gift Certificate! Stop by and grab one or we will mail it to you directly. And while you are at it, succumb to some more Christmas cheer with one of the following draughts: Ridgeway Lump of Coal, Troegs Mad Elf, or a Southern Tier Old Man Winter!, Thank God it's Friday, and we've got the stuff to quench your thirst.  Now pouring Stone Ruination, Ithaca Flower Power, Wormtown Sweet Tats, Weihenstephaner White Hoplosion, and 21st Amendment Fireside Chat. We'll cheers to that!, Just tapped a keg of Lagunitas Czech Pilsner, keep the mason jar it comes it while supplies last!, With every end comes a new beginning....so as we say goodbye to the pumpkin beers of fall we welcome our brews of winter. Upcoming specialties include: Southern Tier Old Man Winter, 21st Amendment Fireside Chat, Lost Abbey Gift of the Magi, and Sam Adams Merry Mischief. Stay warm, drink good beer!, The last keg of Southern Tier Pumking is tapped and going fast! Be sure to come and get your pumpkin pie on before it's too late. Also pouring Avery DuganA, Mystic Three Cranes, Maine Beer Co. MO, and Bear Republic Heritage., It's Ladies Brunch at Five Horses (...and Ira)! So brave the cold and come delight in some delicious craft beer and breakfast options., Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Five Horses Tavern!
We'll be open for dinner tonight and offering a Turkey Special!
Roasted Turkey with bacon, kale, and apple stuffing topped with herb gravy served with a side of mashed potatoes and mac & cheese for $15., Now pouring Green Flash Hop Head Red, Ommegang Duvel Rustica,   Backlash Groundswell, and Uinta Wet n' Wyld! 

We will be open normal hours on Wednesday and from 6pm-1am on Thanksgiving, where we will be serving up turkey dinners to anyone who hasn't gotten their fill. Gobble, gobble!, Five Horses is thankful for....
1. Brunch every Saturday and Sunday
2. Warm plaid
3. 37 rotating drafts and 136 different whiskeys
4. Pork belly
5. $4 dollar shots of Overholt and Fernet. Any time, all the time., Happy 31st Birthday to Vanberg and DeWulf! Last year, the First Annual Coast-to-Coast Toast became the single largest one-day celebration of Belgian beer culture in the United States in this millennium. This year, we are pleased to take part. So lift a glass and cheers to this rare opportunity to try some delicious Belgian brews!, This Thursday kicks off the Vanberg & DeWulf Belgian Beer event! For as long as supplies last, join us in sampling some of the best beers Belgium can provide. On draft we will be pouring Saison Dupont, Dupont Redor Pils, and Vicaris Tripel. In addition, we will be offering some very limited brews by the bottle such as Lambrucha (a blend of two live yeasts are blended together to make this original Lambic), Scaldis Prestige de Nuits (A vintage Burgundy cask-aged ale), and Dupont Biere de Miel (a beer fermented with honey). Thirsty Thursday never tasted so good!, Kegs, Eggs, and Fire in the Ham

The sun is shining
You should be dining
So grab your buddies
And come get some bloodies
...and maybe some pork belly tacos., SAVE THE DATE: THE COAST TO COAST TOAST IS HAPPENING AT FIVE HORSES TAVERN!

Thursday, November 15, 2012 – King’s Day in Belgium – marks the official day of the Coast to Coast Toast. It’s a celebration of the Anniversary of the founding of Vanberg & DeWulf, the first company to specialize in importing Belgian beers to the United States. Stay tuned for updates regarding the event, and an upcoming list of our bottle and draft offerings., Happy Election day! 
http://digboston.com/dig-this-awards-2012/, Do you like beer? Do you like Five Horses? If the answer is yes check out the DIG THIS AWARDS 2012. 
Vote for us in the Best Beer Bar/Bottles category!
http://digboston.com/dig-this-awards-2012/, Have a fang-tastic night everybody!, Happy Halloween! Starting tomorrow afternoon we will be rolling with a new cocktail and wine list, including a new Winter Spiced Sangria! 

Until then come get your spook on with a wide variety of seasonal drafts and/or a whiskey (psst....Old Overholt is back in!), As long as we have power we will be pouring pints of beer!! Open normal hours today., Enter....If you dare....

Now pouring Cambridge Brewing Company's Great Pumpkin Ale, Coney Island Freaktoberfest, Wychwood Hobgoblin, Sam Adams Fat Jack Double Pumpkin, and more to come!, Kick off Harvest Fest with a brunch beverage of choice! Serving up our gin, bourbon, and vodka Bloody Mary's all day (as well as our Signature 'Ice Box', an espresso based libation that will really put some pep in your step), Our Tavern Chili, loaded with short rib, oxtail, kielbasa, three beans and fifteen chili peppers, is to DIE for. 

Speaking of 'kicking the bucket', we've got loads of kegs on the way to put you in the mood for All Hallows' Eve. Including but not limited to: Gritty's Halloween Ale, Southern Tier Pumking, Mystic Brewing Day of Doom, Coney Island Freaktoberfest, Wychwood Hobgoblin, and Dark Horse Crooked Tree. Come get your freak on!, ATTENTION TAVERN-GOERS: As of this afternoon we are up and running with our new menu! Don't worry, the favorite staples haven't gone anywhere, but we have added in some delectable delights including a pumpkin soup, some garbanzo bean cakes (v), okra gumbo (vg), and homemade lamb bolognese!! 

As always, your feedback is appreciated so come in and let us know what you think., Not in the mood for breakfast but need something to warm you up? Try our mac and cheese paired with a Blatant IPA or a Harpoon Bohemian Pilsner. Beer and cheese are good at any hour of  the day. Doors open at 11am!, There's a reason to be thirsty this Thursday: we've got a keg of Green Flash West Coast IPA tapped, along with Kronenbourg Blanc, Dogfish Punkin, and Boulder Mojo on Nitro!, Happy Columbus and Customer Appreciation Day! 

Now pouring Founders Breakfast Stout for $2.50 a glass until the keg runs dry!, We are having Southern Comfort for breakfast. 
(two eggs, fried chicken, thyme biscuits, sausage gravy)

Please join us!, HONK! Fest starts tomorrow in Davis Square and lasts throughout the weekened (grassroots music, a non-profit blow-out event) and we are getting excited! Beat the rain and the crowds and join us tonight for a Haus Pretzel and a Festbier to get this party started., You looking for some great tacos? We've got that. Southern Tier Pumking? We're pouring that. Oktoberfest beers and food specials? Oh yeah, we're featuring that!

Come get you some., It's National Drink Beer Day, and we think you should definitely partake! Now pouring Ithaca Harvest Pumpkin, Maine Beer Co. Peeper Ale, Green Flash Friendship Brew, and Rising Tide Zephyr., We've got your Oktoberfest right here! Specials start at 5pm and run the duration of the festivities! Prost!, Yes you need to try this! BRUNCH SAT & SUN 11AM-3PM

chimichanga* (v) $10
black beans, eggs, potatoes, carrots, scallions, jalapenos, red peppers, served in a fried  tortilla with salsa,   guacamole and goat cheese sour cream, Only 1 day, 22 hours, and 21 minutes until the 179th Munich Oktoberfest begins! Grab a stein and giddy-up over to us for our featured specials and brew offerings beginning this Saturday evening!, BRUNCH SPECIAL ALERT: The Fat Boy Burger. Canadian bacon, hash browns, and an egg. There's a burger on there too. That + football = a win for your Sunday afternoon. Come on down., Jill is enjoying this:, Jack is eating this for breakfast:, All during brunch tomorrow and Sunday we will be serving up a special delectable treat in the form of a meat-lovers delight: if you like beef, hash browns, eggs, and Canadian bacon you are not gonna want to miss this one! 

(We hear it goes great with Port Brewing Mongo, Green Flash Friendship Brew, and Saranac Pumpkin...all of which, coincidentally, we are now pouring.)

Doors open at 11 AM!, Something new in the works for brunch?, It's that time of year folks, the fall brews have arrived! Now pouring Harpoon Octoberfest, Julian Cider, Shipyard Pumpkin, Bear Republic Roggenbier, and many many more., We would like to extend our apologizes and thanks to all of you elite beer drinkers who brought to our attention the mistake with the Founders Breakfast Stout. We feel horrible about the miscommunication. We are currently racking our brains on how to make it up to all of you who were looking forward to enjoying a glass, and we will let you know as soon as we come up with something!, Doors open at 5:30 everyone, so get your rain-soaked behinds in here for a warming pint and some food! Also, we missed you so much the last 24 hours we decided to go live, Five Horses is officially Twitter-pated!!! (@5HorsesTavern) Stay tuned and follow us for updates!, ATTENTION all Five Horses enthusiasts! We regret to inform you that our establishment will be closed from 5pm this evening (Monday 9/3/12) until 6 pm tomorrow evening (Tuesday 9/4/12) due to maintenance. We apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause. Happy Labor Day everyone!, Founders KBS is tapped ladies and gents. Along with other greats such as Timmerman's Strawberry Lambic, Oskar Blues Gubna, Schneider Aventinus Doppelbock, and Hoppin' Frog B.O.R.I.S The Crusher! It's our birthday and we'll drink what we want to., U Haul Rental: $67
18 pack of High Life: $12.99
Sunday morning celebratory brunch at Five Horses while listening to Queen: PRICELESS!, ....Or a Birthday Quinn...., ....Or a Chimichanga...., We are celebrating our Five Horses First Birthday with some spectacular new brunch items and so should you! 

Thank you to everyone who made our first year so memorable. Now come get you some chicken fried steak!, BRUNCH!!!
We decided to wake up just a little earlier on the weekends. New brunch menu and hours! SAT and SUN 11AM-3PM, Gear up for the weekend and quench your thirst with one of these delicious brews: Port Brewing Summer Pale Ale, Coney Island Albino Python, Bear Republic Tartare, Sixpoint Resin, and The Bruery Trade Winds Tripel! 

Bottoms up. ;), Now pouring specialty brew Wormtown John Fante Pale Ale!
A rye pale ale brewed in collaboration with Wormtown Brewery, Happy National IPA Day, from all of us at Five Horses Tavern! 

Right now we are drinking Hoptimum....no, Dogfish 90....maybe a Maharaja....mmmmm yaaay, Hops......, Seared Marinated Tuna Steak-served with roasted corn and bean salad topped with red onion, salsa verde and roasted pistachio.
Come and get it!!, New menu items today!!!, "From man's sweat and grace, beer was made. Centuries ago, one man cured the plague by encouraging the masses to drink beer, not water. Celebrate St. Arnoldus and Belgian Independence with a toast of your favorite Belgian beer."

Starting tomorrow and into the weekend we will be pouring loads of delicious Belgian options including (but not limited to): St Feuillien Speciale, Cuvee des Jacobins Rouge, Tripel Karmeliet. Bottoms up!, Drink Craft Beer Summerfest: A Celebration of Farmhouse Ale
is this weekend at the Somerville Armory!!

Stop by Five Horses before (and after) to enjoy a few Belgian libations. We will be pouring Weyerbacher 17th (Saison brewed with pink peppercorns and citrus zest), Mystic Saison Renaud, Unibroue Blonde de Chambly, and High and Mighty Pas de Dieux.

Here's lookin' at you, Summer., Hope everyone had a good Fourth! Ease into the weekend with one of the following delicious draught brews: Schneider Edel-Weisse, Pretty Things Meadowlark IPA, Coney Island Sword Swallower, Unibroue Blanche de Chambly, Massachusetts was lucky to get three kegs of Uncommon Bacon Brown. A nice brown ale brewed with organic pork.
WE HAVE IT!

Uncommon Brewers

Uncommon Brewers (UB) is a community-oriented organic microbrewery beginning operations in Santa Cruz county. Incorporating traditional Belgian brewing techniques, cutting-edge innovation from the modern West Coast, and grounded in the principles of sustainability voiced by the Slow Food Movement, our goal is to make uncommon beers for uncommon people. After nearly six years of research and development, we are now ready to bring that vision to market., Nothing beats the heat like a pitcher of Sangria! Get it here and drink happy (glasses $8, or a pitcher for you and 5 friends for $29), Honor your dads this weekend with some flowers! In honor of our special friend Brett we will be serving up Ithaca Flower Power pints for $5 starting today and running until the keg kicks! Bottoms up., Hyper-Local Craft Brew Tasting at the Armory this Saturday! Five Horses will be serving up porkbelly and potato tacos ($5 and $4 respectively) to help soak up all of those delicious local brews from 3-10pm. Hope to see you there!, “A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure.”
- Czech Proverb

Be thoroughly sure. Drink craft beer., Tonight we have but are not limited to:
1) New cocktail list
2) Celtics
3) $26 pitchers of sangria

You won't do it!!, Tonight we welcome the Widmer Brewing crew with both the Pitch Black (hoppy black ale w/a complex herbal note) and Marionberry Hibiscus Gose (German wheat brewed w/oregon-grown marionberries and dried hibiscus flowers)

P.S The Marionberry Gose is the only keg available in the state so drink up!!!, Alright all you beer fans, listen up!! Tonight at 7pm we have the folks from Allagash, Oskar Blues, and Dogfish serving you up some delicious beer including: Allagash Four & Yakuza (their tripel dry-hopped!), Oskar Blues Gubna and Old Chub on Nitro! And last but not least Dogfish Urkontinent is here along side a 75 Minute cask! Hope to see you all there., Boston Beer Week is soon approaching! We've got some fun stuff planned including a Tap Takeover Tuesday night with Dogfish, Oskar Blues, and Allagash. Wednesday night will showcase the brothers from Widmer featuring a specialty Gose brewed with Hibiscus petals and Marionberries. 

(Founders Breakfast stout may or may not be making an appearance as well!!)

Pass the time until then by voting for the Pig Pile, a meat-lover's dream., Come check out our new burger the Pig Pile....8oz grassfed burger, pork belly, shellburne cheddar, roasted tomato-mushroom-horseradish ketchup, and pickled cucumbers on a house potato roll

We are competing for best of the best and expect all your votes at www.bostonmagazine.com/burger-battle !

PS... We also have beer., Happy Graduation Tufts! Celebrate with a bottle (or two!) of bubbly, priced for any budget. Somerville's best kept wine secret is here!

Prosecco / Champagne
Bartolomeo Prosecco- $8 - $21
Nino Franco Rustico Prosecco- $26
Nic Feuillatte Brut- $40
Nic Feuillatte Brut Rose (Split)- $25, The rain finally stopped and it looks like nothing but sunshine for the rest of the week. Want to drink a beer outside? Come check out our patio. Stone Double Bastard and Avery Karma are on!, Treat your mother to a special Mother's Day brunch this weekend serving from 11:30-3pm. The forecast looks sunny and our patio is out in full force!, New menu starts tonight!, Now pouring: Downeast Original Cider from Waterville, Maine...on draft! Brand new and tasting great., Question:Where should I watch the Kentucky Derby?
Answer: Five Horses Tavern. Where else would you be able to toss back Mint Juleps served in silver-plated derby glasses while listening to the race on our TV's? Slap on a big hat and pony up!, Now pouring Dogfish 120! Come and get you some., The City of Somerville has decided its a good idea to let us serve beers outside. Out outdoor seating will be out every day the sun is!, We are shaking up some brunch cocktails with Grady's Cold Brew! Sent up from our secret contact in NYC.

Grady’s Cold Brew is a New Orleans–style coffee concentrate that’s brewed and bottled by hand in Brooklyn, New York. Each batch is made by steeping a special blend of freshly roasted coffee and chicory in water overnight, then removing the grounds using a two-step filtration process. What’s left? A bold, velvety-smooth liquid concentrate that can be mixed with milk or water—served over ice or steaming hot., The dankest and hoppiest beer ever brewed at Lagunitas was made with the help of the Waldos for all treasure hunters. Get it here starting tonight and tip your glasses in honor of 4/20!, Nugget Nectar is back!, Wow, two posts in one day. 
We are proud to be one of four bars to launch Mystic Brewery's OLD POWDERHOUSE Wheat Wine. This beverage was brewed in tribute to the Somerville landmark and featuring local red winter wheat from Four Star Farms in Northfield, MA.
Going on tap tonight!, We have been thinking alot about a keg of Dogfish 120 that has been sitting in our basement. Keep your ears to the ground and we will let you know when it goes on., You have asked and we have listened. Clown Shoes Clementine (white ale brewed with clementines, orange peel and summit hops) just went on!, Pray for warmer weather so we can set up our outdoor seating!

BRUNCH all weekend 11:30-3PM, If you think Oskar Blues Dales Pale Ale is great out of a can try it on our cask., Boulder Mojo IPA on nitro! Come and get it!, Troegs Nugget Nectar just went on!, Well, we really enjoyed hosting our first private party last night. Special thanks go out to YELP, Sixpoint Brewery and Four Roses Bourbon for all their support! Check out the reviews!, Wanted to give you guys a heads up that we will be closed Monday (March26th) 6-8 for a private party. We apologize if this effects your drinking schedule for this evening., Check out the updated BRUNCH menu. Saturdays and Sundays 11:30-3PM, We have March Madness on the TV's and brunch coming out of the kitchen. There is no better way to spend the weekend.
O and the rumor is we will have outdoor seating starting in April!, We are kicking St.Patrick's Day off early. Pouring Murphy's Irish Stout and Jameson all night. The Murphy's crew will be here starting at 6PM giving away tasty samples of beer. You might even score a T-shirt!, Wormtown Brewery is in the house tonight. Come meet the brewers behind the secret collaboration with Cambridge Brewing Company. Birthday Brew #2, a Imperial Red Rye 7.8% ABV 90 IBU. Party starts at 7PM, The top secret Wormtown Birthday Brew #2  is a Imperial Red Rye brewed in collaboration with the Cambridge Brewing Company. Exclusively launching tomorrow night at 7PM! No not miss meeting the Wormtown crew as we celebrate there 3 year anniversary!, So about this Wormtown bash next Wednesday. I guess we can tell you that Master Brewer Ben Roesch will be in the house pouring four of his delicious beers Tennessee Tats, Belgian Maple Amber, 2nd Degree IPA and there top secret Birthday Brew #2. Stay tuned for more details on there secret collaboration launching that night.
Party starts at 7PM!, We made it on TV! Must be doing something right. 

https://www.phantomgourmet.com/result?id=2ad0a8d1-450e-4e0c-ba84-857b0873d118, Come celebrate Wormtown Brewery's 3 year anniversary Wed March 14th starting at 6PM. They will be launching a secret collaboration beer that night that we will be the first to have on draft.  Keep your ears to the ground this week and we will give you more details!, Castle Rock Harvest Pale (England) just went on cask along with delicious Avery Maharaja on draft all weekend!, Five Horses is honored to have the Master Distillers from Bushmills, Bulliet, and Jim Beam visiting with us this weekend!! Fight off those stormy weather blues by indulging in one of their fine whiskies...(or maybe two or three!), Blantant IPA and Dark Horse Blueberry Stout just got tapped, in addition we are pouring Geary's Winter on cask. Also very fortunate to have Wormtown Royal Reliever White IPA coming down the line!! GET IN HERE AND DRINK!, Lagunitas Maximus Imperial IPA just went on cask!, Come and enjoy the SUPER BOWL with SOUND. Also thirty-five great new additions including Greenflash Imperial IPA, Orval Trappist Ale, Julius Ecther Dunkel, and Cidre Dupont Reserve!, T.G.I.F and the best way to celebrate this Friday is to come check out our newly expanded beer bottle list! Thirty-five great new additions including Greenflash Imperial IPA, Orval Trappist Ale, Julius Echter Dunkel, and Cidre Dupont Reserve. That gives us 157 beers to choose from folks, (and did we mention, 133 different whiskies?) so come down and join us for your nightly tipple., Come and enjoy this sun-filled Sunday at Five Horses Tavern! In addition to our normal brunch today from 1pm-4pm a fundraiser for the American Liver Foundation will be held including appetizers, raffle for prizes, and the brewers from Somerville's Slumbrew Brewery! Fifteen dollar suggested donation for those wishing to participate. Come show your support!, The best cure for any hangover this weekend is our brunch. Check out the menu on our website www.fivehorsestavern.com/brunch, Dark Horse Double Crooked Tree is finally on! Southern Tier 2X Stout on Cask, Nice night for a cask-Cape Ann Fisherman's Dead Eye DBL IPA is on!!!!, Lucifer Golden Ale, Fire Stone Anniversary and Wormtown La Rosa Saison just to name a few!!!, Anticipating a hangover in the morning? Five Horses has just the cure and is serving brunch all weekend 11:30-3PM.
Three different versions of our house bloody mary to take the edge off!, Hebrew Jewbilation, Ithaca 13th Anniversary and Port Wipe Out IPA just to name a few. We also look forward to hosting the Somerville Chamber of Commerce tonight!, The fireplace is going and we have Boulder Obovoid Oatmeal Stout on cask. Sounds way better then being outside right now!, 2012 Kicks off BRUNCH at Five Horses! Serving the perfect bloody mary and hangover breakfast from 11:30-3PM this Sunday!, Green Flash Imperial IPA on CASK!!! It will not last long!, Yes we are open tonight! So ditch the family and come have a beer!!, Wishing you all a safe and happy holiday from Five Horses Tavern! Enjoy a cup of Christmas cheer this season...now pouring Green Flash Imperial IPA on Cask! Other holiday brews include: Jolly Pumpkin Noel De Calabaza, He'Brew Jewbelation, Cisco Santa's Beered, and Ridgeway's Nut Browned Ale., Find yourself searching for the perfect holiday gift? Five Horses now has gift certificates and are opening Christmas night 6PM-1AM., Haverhill Leatherlips IPA on NITRO! Come and get it!!!, We are looking for greatest artist in the world to work on the design for our first T-shirt! Any takers?
Email: info@fivehorsestavern.com if you are interested!, Our much awaited cask will be tapped tonight! Enter Brooklyn Pennant Ale-A nice English Pale Ale- 5% ABV, If you like whiskey, we now have 130 flavors to warm you up! Pappy, Highwest, and Laphroaig just to name a few., For all the Hop Heads out there our IPA selection is currently dominating the draft list. Greenflash Imperial, Lefthand 400LB Monkey, Dogfish Burton Baton just to name a few. O and Haverhill Leatherlips will be on Nitro soon!, We have listen and are now serving desserts!! Come check out our Cap’n Crunk Crème Brulee!, Duvel and Ommegang BPA are in the house tonight. Get one of each and keep the limited release Denis Meyers designed glass., Duvel and Ommegang BPA are in the house tonight. Get one of each and keep the limited release Denis Meyers designed glass., Five Horses Classic Cheese Pizza is now $5 during lunch hours. Keep it quiet we are only telling you!!!!, We just tapped Greenflash Imperial IPA and will have our Cask up and running by Friday! If we don't see you here drinking then have a great holiday!!!, HOLIDAY SCHEDULE

Five Horses Tavern will be here for you over the Holidays and will be serving a full menu until midnight! 

Get out of the house and enjoy a selection of over 250 craft beer and whiskeys!

Thanksgiving

Nov 23rd 11:30AM-1AM
Nov 24th 6PM-1AM

Christmas

Dec 24th 11:30AM-6PM
Dec 25th 6PM-1AM
, We have Hitachino Red Rice Ale ON DRAFT. May never happen again so come and get it!!!, All you Warren Miller fans better stop in for a drink on the way to the theater. We have a new menu and Port High Tide freshly tapped!!!!, Now on tap for Halloween weekend....
Gritty's Halloween Ale
Cisco Pumple Drumkin
Wychwood Hobgoblin Brown Ale
and Opa Opa Pumpkin!, Come in out of the cold and try something off our new expanded menu!, Founders Breakfast Stout!! Come and get it, Everone needs a little La Fin Du Monde in there life!!!!, We may or may not have Founders Breakfast Stout and Bear Republic Mach 10 in the building. Might get tapped this weekend!!, null, null, Hi folks! As I am sure you are now aware, Five Horses Tavern is officially up and running! We had a great opening weekend, thank you to all who came out and shared a pint. Look forward to the following draught options coming up this week! Smuttynose Farmhouse Saison, Dogfish 120 Minute, Avery Maharaja are just a few of the many, so please stop in and enjoy!!, Floors are done and the rooms are getting painted! We are still on schedule for a September 1st open date, so get ready ladies and gents and we will see you all very soon!!, Just letting everyone know that  our open date has been pushed back by a couple of weeks. As long as everything goes according to plan, we will be up and ready to serve you starting the weekend of September 1st!! We would like to thank you all for your patience and continued support. See you all soon!, null, null, Hello everyone! We are counting down the days with a little over a month to go until our doors are open and we are ready for you to drink, eat, and take a load off with us here at Five Horses. 

The tavern is currently under construction getting ready for the big opening day, which right now is set to be August 18th. So mark your calenders, get ready, and we look forward to seeing you soon!)