List(What are you Grillin' today??? 
Stop by, Ken and the gang are making Sausage all morning long!!!, This Case is Lookin' pretty sharp this morning... It's just waiting for ya!!!, Mmm mmm Scotch Eggs are HOT and calling your name!!!, What are you doing for Lunch???
Don't worry, we have ya covered!!!, Looking for Easter Hams?  We still have some but they are running out FAST so hurry on down and get yours before it's gone!!! Ohh yes, we also have PIES!!! Happy Saturday!!!, We are Rockin and Rollin this morning!  Here's a close up of our Chop Suey and Raisin Sauce!!!, Are you ready for Easter Dinner?  Stop by Thwaites, we'll help you get a DELICIOUS dinner together!!!, Yes!
We are still celebrating St. Patrick's Day!!!, Our Irish Blessing to you:
May your plate never be empty
May your glass always be full
May your table be filled with the people you love
Who make your life so wonderful...

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from our Family to yours

Cheers!!!, HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY!!!, Hmmm we are thinking about #lunch already......., Kindly reminder:
We will be open to 3:00 tomorrow (Wednesday) afternoon!!!, From Corned Beef and Cabbage to Carrots and Onions.  We have EVERYTHING you need for a PERFECT St Patrick's Day Feast!!!, null, Ohh we failed to mention that #phantomgourmet is here hanging out today!!!, A certain Math Friend (Jay) of Thwaites reminded us that it is #piday tomorrow!  Stop by and celebrate 3.14 with your favorite PIe!!!, "When Irish eyes are smiling..." It's because they got their Corned Beef from Thwaites!!!, #funfactfriday We make all of our Homemade Sausage EVERY Monday, Wednesday and Friday!!!

Enjoy!!!, We want to send a big THANK YOU to Butcher Boy Market!!!

With out your help we wouldn't have been able to satisfy our awesome Customers orders!!!

So we thank you for your neighborly help!!!

#smallbusiness, WOW

We just want to take a moment to say that we have the BEST Customers!!!  You all are wonderful and because of all of your Likes, Comments and Shares we now have 183 MORE people following Thwaites Market this week alone!

You are our Social Media Marketers and we LOVE you for that!!!
Keep up the awesome work team!!!, No words... It just smells DELICIOUS!!!, I really don't know what we are more excited about... Our Lunch Special, the fact that we FINALLY have HP Sauce or the NEW Guinness Chips!!!

Have fun People!!!, Mmm mmm What are you having for Lunch today???, Methuen has lost someone truly special.  May you rest easy Mr Nick., #lunchtime is right around the corner and Mac n' Cheese Pies will be out just in the nick of time!!!, St Patrick's Day is RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER!!! Have you ordered your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs???, What are you having for Lunch?  
1 or 2 Pies with your choice of 2 sides and a water.  
CAN'T BE BEAT!!!, Awww we are in our own little Heaven right now!!!, Stop by for LUNCHTIME!!!
A Cold, Crisp Bottle of Water is also included!!!
Enjoy!!!, Massachusetts Customers get out and Make a Difference!!!, Want to know what Thwaites has in the works?  Stop by tomorrow during Lunchtime, we think you'll like it!!!, Wow... Thwaites has something PRETTY special in the works!!! Want to know what it is?  Can you keep a secret?  We'll let you know soon!!!, Getting ready for the Big Day!!!!, Spending the evening making Baxter Shiny and Clean so he is ready to ROCK N' ROLL for you tomorrow!!!!, Nana just hanging out with her newest, Great-Grand Daughter!!!, Looking for Meatless options during Lent? Tomato Jobs, Mac n' Cheese, Broccoli and Cheese and Spinach!!!, Lunch Time Crunch Time!!!, What a PERFECT day for some Homemade Comfort Food!!!, Braiding Sausage all morning long!!! What is your ABSOLUTE Favorite Sausage??, Aww just check out this Handsome Newbie enjoying his VERY FIRST Thwaites Pork Pie!!!, Looking for Meatless options during Lent??? We have you covered!!! #heavnlydonuts in the background... Happy Friday!!!, Need a little snack to go with your Pies for Lunch?? Red Potato Salad is a perfect side!!!, Mmm mmm, what are we up to today???, More Gravy or Worcestershire Sauce... More Gravy or Worcestershire Sauce... 
Such decisions!!!, Did you know that it is going to be SOOOO chilly this weekend??? We'll help you stay toasty warm with our Soup, Chili and (obviously) PIES!!!!, ORDER UP!!!, SMOKIN HOT Family-Style Chicken Pies right out of the Oven!!!, New Hampshire Residence and Customers... Don't forget to get out and VOTE!  It is your Civic Duty!!!, We have PLENTY of Milk, Eggs and Bread on hand for this storm that's a brewin'!!! Oh we should also mention that there are plenty of Steaks, Sausage and Pies on hand as well!!!, Still looking so pretty!!!, Aw it looks so pretty out there! We are open, Makin' and Bakin' all day long baby!!!, What are you doing for the Big Game this weekend???

IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO GET YOUR GRILL ON BABY!!!, Here's ya HOT CHICKEN SOUP!!!! Mmm mmmm!!!, SMOKIN' HOT Chili!!!, Captain's got the stove loaded... What do you think we're making today???, WOW So many different pies to choose from!!!!, Lookin for something a bit different for Tomato Sausage?  Cook up the meat, smear it on bread of your choice and add sliced avocado to it!!  

A little spin on Tomato Sausage courtesy of Sam Toabe, Beans, Chop Suey and Gorton (Creton)... Ohhhh my!!!, Where have your pies been???, "Dancing while we make Tourtière!" 
This is a Facebook post straight from Barbara herself!!! By the way... She is 86 years old and can MOVE LIKE JAGGER!!!, What is your caption???
GO!, #havepiewilltravel
New edition
Have Pie Will Travel
Montreal Canada, It's Game Time BABY... Are you ready???, Free samples of Honey BBQ Bratwurst!!, What would your MUST HAVE Pie be???, Friendly reminder:
We are open all day today!!!, SAUSAGE SAMPLES!!! 
Come in soon and try some Homemade Honey BBQ Bratwurst and Cheddarwurst!!, Nana is all set for this afternoon's game... Are you? Stock up on Steaks, Sausage and so much more!!!, Captain Ken is getting ready to make Sausage for the Weekend!!! Are you ready for the PATRIOTS PLAYOFF GAME!!!??, Come in and grab a few Pies for lunch and maybe a couple of JUICY Steaks for dinner!!!, We have some CUTE, little Tomato Loaves all baked up this morning!, Delicious Homemade Chicken Pies... What more would you want on a CHILLY Day like today??, Ohh this case is looking pretty yummie!!!, Who wants some Corned Beef for dinner??, Good morning!!!!, We haven't had these in a couple of weeks... Happy Mac n' Cheese Monday everyone!!!, Ahh we are here Rockin and Rollin this Saturday!!!  HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!, What are you Grilling for New Years?  Also, check out this EPIC deal in Delmonico Steaks and Roasts!!! Get'm while they last!, Buy 6 of ANY Individual Pies get 2 FREE!!!, The Sidewalks are clean and our cases are LOADED!  We'll see you in a bit!!, Good news! 
We are open today AND we have this CRAZY deal going on!!!, From our Family to yours

We wish you a most wonderful Christmas!  We hope it is spent making memories and laughter and that your dinner table is filled with the people you love.

Merry Christmas, Miss Maddie is in the kitchen helping to make some more Scotch Eggs!!!, Is your Christmas dinner still missing something? Pork, Beef and Rib Roast are still available!!!, Order UP!!!, Our Christmas lights are on and we are Rockin' and Rollin' all the way til 5:30 today!!!, These ladies ROCK! As fast as we take our Pies out, they have them made and ready to go!!!, We don't look all that pretty when we work on Sunday's... But we get the job done!!!, Call in your Christmas Orders!!!

978-683-2429, Captain Ken is Rockin and Rollin making Family-style Chicken Pies!!!, The newest little addition to Thwaites Market made his first visit to the store!  Meet Charlie Kenneth!!!, We are in full swing for the Holiday Season!!! 

Here is a list of Pies that will be available for ordering

 CALL SOON 978-683-2429, We are very much so in the Christmas spirit here at Thwaites Market!!!, Check out this Essem Products Calendar from January of 1932!  

Does anyone have anymore Essem Hotdog memorabilia hanging around out there??, We are ROCKIN' and ROLLIN' and LOADED up for lunchtime... We'll see you soon!, There we go!!!, What are you having for lunch today???, We are LOADED with DELICIOUS salads that will be the PERFECT side for any meal!!, Two strange things have happened today... 

1 - We have Scotch Eggs ... On a Wednesday

2 - We successfully made an egg pop out of the meat without losing its shape!!!

Happy Wednesday!!!, Captain Ken is kickin' it old school making his Homemade Mashed Potatoes!!!, #shoplocal #shopsmall, null, #smallbusinesssaturday #thinkbigshopsmall 

Attention all Black Friday Shoppers... Don't forget to shop small on Saturday!!!, From our Family to yours

May you have a most wonderful and delicious Thanksgiving that is filled with memories, laughter and warmth!

Happy Thanksgiving, Don't forget your HOT PIES!!!
We are open till 2:00 today!!!, Looking for Chop Suey?  We just made a FRESH, HOT batch!!!, Wow we are Rockin' and Rollin' all morning long baby!!! 
**Just a side note Methuen Santa Parade is today starting at 1:00, streets may be blocked but you'll be able to find us!!!**, We've been going through some old pics and came across this gem from 1955!  Thomas "Pup" and Ruth Thwaites enjoying a summer day with their family!, So many fun Pies are out RIGHT NOW!  Mac n' Cheese, Shepherds Pie and Chicken n' Stuffing!, Feeling a bit chilly this morning?  Stop by Thwaites before work or during lunch, we'll keep you warm!!!, It's the most wonderful time of the year...

They're back 
Chicken and Stuffing and 
Turkey and Stuffing Pies will be available from now till Christmas!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Is that Chorizo Sausage that you see in the Meatcase?  It sure is, be sure to swing by and grab a pound or two!!!, LOADED for lunchtime!!! Can some one just let Ben Affleck know that lunch is ready??

Thanks
Thwaites, To all of the Men and Women who serve and who have served...  We thank you from the bottom of our hearts for all you've done for us and for this Country!

Especially to our favorite Veteran... Thank you Dad!!!, Do you stop grilling when the COLD weather comes around?  Or do you GET YOUR GRILL ON all year long???, The French Toast Pop-overs are almost ready for BAKING!!!, Check out this fun, little video of the Making of Scotch Eggs!!!, Fresh, Hot Chicken Soup!!!, Something is lurking through Thwaites Market on this Hallows' Eve....., Good "rainy" morning to you all out there!!! We ARE OPEN during our regular hours of 8-5:30 today... Our phone lines are currently down, we will keep you posted!  THANK YOU!!!, Going on a little walk down Memory Lane...  
Courtesy of Bethany Monteith

"Today I got a wonderful compliment at work...It really brightened up my day!

I'd like to thank this phenomenal man for teaching me how to put on a smile even when I'm not at my best and be the one that makes others smile! 

Love you Pup❤️", HOT Chicken Soup!  Get ya HOT Chicken Soup here!!!, Our Meat-case is looking pretty good this morning!

Facebook Poll: 
Who enjoys eating Boudin (Blood Pudding)?, Just look at those DELICIOUS Chicken Pies!!!, We are LOADED TODAY!!!
Buy 6 get 2 FREE COLD PORK AND COLD CHICKEN PIES!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Mmm Getting ready to make some Frank n' Bean Pies!!! 
What was your FAVORITE Saturday Night Meal??, This case is looking pretty SHARP today!!! What is your FAVORITE side to go with a Pie or three??, What is your FAVORITE Chicken Salad??, Shepherds Pies have to be our best looking pie, it almost makes you not want to eat it... 
Oh who am I kidding it tastes even better than it looks!!!, Does this weather have you feeling a bit gloomy?  Stop by the store, we have PLENTY of Comfort-Food to brighten your day!!!, Have Pie, Will Travel
Michigan Edition
Lake Erie/The Big House, We are Rockin' and Rollin' early for ya this morning!!!, Days like today just make you want to cuddle up, watch an old movie and eat a bowl of Homemade Chicken Soup!!!
Enjoy, Beans are almost READY to eat!!!, #upcloseandpersonal

Making a Big Ole' Batch of English Bangers this morning!!!
What is your FAVORITE kind of Sausage that we make?, What are you having for dinner???

Why now have a SteakBomb or Grilled Sausage on a Tripoli Bakery Roll!!!, Scotch Eggs are FRESH and HOT out of the oven!!!, Who needs #mcm when you can have #macncheesemonday!!!, Can we seriously ask for a more PERFECT Fall Day?!!!, #tailgating at the Game tomorrow?  When people walk by and say "Hey where'd ya get that Sausage?" Just look at them and say "I got it at Thwaites BABY!"

#gopatriots, Do you ever wonder why your Steak Tips taste so good?  

It's because our Butchers do a jig when they tenderize them!!!, What are we making today???, When the cold mornings start rolling in WARM, HEARTY Lunches are the way to go!!!, #funfactfriday

We at Thwaites Market have NO idea when we were est'd...  No we aren't proud of this; and yes we've been saying "we're almost 100 years old" for about 12 years now!, The Beetle is taking over Thwaites Market!!!

Happy Wednesday everyone!!!, We are sending a big THANK YOU to Chris' Famous Pizza!!!

With out your help we wouldn't have been able to make our Family-Style Chicken Pies today!

Thank you again for your neighborly help!

#smallbusiness, It is never too early to eat CAKE!
we are wishing this Pretty Lady a very HAPPY 86th BIRTHDAY!!!

Ma/Nana/Barb, we love you with all our hearts!!! Happy Birthday to you!, What is your FAVORITE side to eat with your Pies?, #funfactfriday

It is the PERFECT morning for a HOT Pie and your favorite HOT beverage!!!, This holds the Thwaites Market record for "smallest batch of Potato Salad ever made", Making a fresh batch of "Tomato  Job" Pies!!!, #getyourgrillon, What sides are you serving during your Labor Day Barbecue???, Dad says "thank you very much for all of the birthday wishes!!!", #funfactfriday

IT'S THE CAPTAIN'S BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!

Happy Birthday to you, Dad (Kenny, Captain Ken)!!! We hope you have one heck of a day!!!, Stop by and GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!  This Chorizo Sausage is spicy and delicious and will go with anything you are grilling up for dinner!!!, You just don't get to see a pepper like this every day... Pepper mug!, Whether it is #meatlessmonday or Mac n' Cheese Monday, we gotcha covered!, Follow is on Twitter to see what *NEW* Sausage we are trying out today!!!
Hint:  It has a little bit of a KICK to it!

What do you think it is??, Check out these PEPPER STEAK PIES!  What is your absolute FAVORITE pie??, #funfactfriday

Did you know that you can send your mail and get a meal all in one place?

Crazy right!!!, https://plus.google.com/u/0/115130651755235285149/posts, Help us out and be sure to Follow, Like and Tweet all of your favorites about Thwaites Market!!!


https://twitter.com/Thwaitesmarket, We say Scotch Eggs you think _____, These beans are done and SMOKIN'!!!, Keep Calm and Eat a Pie. . . Or Three!!!, Here is a hint for the new Pie!!!, "Hey hey Good-lookin' whatcha got cookin'", We're Rockin' and Rollin' early this morning!!!, The word on the street is. . .
There is a new Pie making its way into the ovens of Thwaites Market!

We'll keep you posted!!!, So, we just had a customer come in and say that "the most pies I've had in a sitting is 10!"

We are very curious...
What is your number???, null, Is there anything better than a warm Chicken Pie on a dreary day like today???, Start your day the Thwaites Market way... Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, We were rockin' and Rollin' during lunch time today... Check out how fast the boys had to eat!!!, Be sure to stop by Thwaites this morning, where the nicest people come to meat... Get it? Haha, null, null, This Pie Case is looking pretty delicious right now!  What are you having for lunch?, These Scotch Eggs are looking EXTRA delicious this morning!!!, Happy 89th Birthday to this AMAZING woman!!! She came to fill in for two weeks back in the 80s and has been with us ever since, we love you Genie Bean!!!, We have a BIG'OLE batch of Chicken Salad all set for ya this HOT morning!!!, Goooooooood Morning from all of us at Thwaites!!!, There is something wrong here..., The makings of a DELICIOUS Family-Style Chicken Pie!!!, The making of a DELICIOUS Shepherds Pie!!!, LOADED!!!, Family style Chicken Pies coming your way!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Try this Summertime snack... Pickled Cukes and Onions!!!
So delicious and refreshing!!!, Look at this Roast Beef guys... Just look at it!!!, Perfect Summertime Chicken Soup!!!, What are you grillin' tonight...?, Making Pies with "Princess Christmas Maddie", We know that we aren't a restaurant but...

We thank you so much!  Our customers are absolutely amazing and we LOVE you all from the bottom of our hearts!!!

Thank you for making us number ONE on Tripadvisor.com!!!

http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g41677-d2636699-Reviews-Thwaites_Market-Methuen_Massachusetts.html, It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Hmm Someone doesn't want to be boxed up!!!, Happy Fourth of July everyone!!! We hope you have an amazing weekend filled with family, friends and delicious food. . . We know we will!!!

God Bless America, Our flags are flying!, null, The Cases are LOADED for you today!!!, From Omelet Pies and French Toast Popovers to Scotch Eggs... We have you covered for a PERFECT Saturday Morning Breakfast!!!, The making of French Toast Pop-Overs!!!, Imagine if we took these... And put'em in there. . ., Look at these cute, Little Chickie Pies!!!, Like Mother
Like Daughter!!!, French Toast Popovers are the perfect way to start your Friday!!!, My little helper for today!!!, Aw check out these cute, little Tomato Loaves!!!, Gorton, Beans and Chop Suey... Ohh My!!!, What is your FAVORITE Comfort Food to make/eat on rainy days like today???, Start your weekend off right!!!, The garden is planted... It is Summer time here at Thwaites!!!, Fresh Chicken Pies!
Stop by and try some!!!, Sometimes we just can't deal with our flour... 

Yea, he does have black jeans on!!!, To all of you Methuen High School Seniors out there:  Good Luck, CONGRATULATIONS and Best Wishes to you on your journey ahead!!!, It's serious business when the Captain is at the helm!!!

Pork Pie on people, Pork Pie on!!!, What are you Grilling for your Graduation Parties???

It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!, Mmm mmm. . . Scotch Eggs and Pigs n' Blankets!!!, It's a PERFECT day for some DELICIOUS comfort-food!!!, This is a contemporary piece done by Thwaites Market...
It's called Half Pie!!!, Where's Andrew???, SMOKED SHOULDERS!!!!!, 🇺🇸🇺🇸Home of the Free because of the Brave🇺🇸🇺🇸, It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Twins!!!, Summer Snacks!  Fresh Fruits to go with your Lunch Time Pie!!!, The Pork Sausage was cold so we put a blanket on them... Pigs n' Blankets!!!, This Roast Beef is just so photogenic and delicious. . . Mostly just delicious!!!, YUMMY!!!, Uh Ohhhhhhh!!!, Dinner? Sauté some FRESH Veggies to go with our DELICIOUS Peppersteak!!!, Today on Foodscape with Thwaites Market, we have Pies lost in Cabbage Trees...

We are just so creative sometimes!!! 
Have a great Wednesday everyone!!!, Loaded with Fresh Fruits and Veggies for the Summertime!!!, Lookin' for something different to throw on the grill?  Try these Flank Steak with this Marinade that we live by!!!, Awe BABY!  The Beans are out EXTRA early today!!!, Holy Patties... 
And Steak Tips!!!, It is a PERFECT day and not a cloud in the sky!  Tell your boss that Thwaites is giving you the day off!  Stop by grab some Pies, Sausage and Steaks and GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, You know it is going to be a great day when our Pork Pies SMILE!!!, Buffalo Chicken Pasta Salad
Ingredients:
Pasta
Chicken
Pickle Relish
Mayonnaise 
Franks Red Hot Sauce

ENJOY!!!, We are sorry for any inconvenience our phone lines have caused!  Power has gone out a few times but is up and running!  However our phone lines are still down... We are here till 5:30!!!, What are you Grillin' tonight?
Try any of our Italian Sausages in a Tripoli Bakery roll!!!, This Salad Case is Rockin' and Rollin' today!!!, Getting ready for Mac n' Cheese MONDAY!!!, This is how we eat our Pork Pies... What is your favorite way to eat a Pie???, Rock in' and a Rollin' all day long Baby!!!, Getting ready for some Family Style Chicken Pies!!!, To all of you Boston Marathon Runners:
You all are unbelievably AMAZING
And Thwaites Market wishes you the very best of luck
#bostonstrong #happyrunning, Getting ready for some Red Potato Salad with these guys!!!, The Egg is running away!!!, Aw you know Summer is here when we have Buffalo Chicken Pasta Salad!!! LETS GO RED SOX!!!, So many options!!!, Aww it is going to be a GREAT day today!!!, Don't forget about the chili!!!, It's just a Chicken Soup and Chop Suey kind of a day!!!, What are you having for breakfast???, How we braid Sausage here at Thwaites Market!!!, From our family to yours, may you have a very Happy Easter!, So much yumminess coming out by 10:30!!!, We Light it up Blue for you, Maddie Mooshoo!!!, Today is World Autism Awareness Day... We are Lighting it up Blue for you!!!, Good Sunday morning to you, we hope you have a fantastic day!!!, Bonjour Gorton!!!, Order UP!!!, What is on the menu for your Easter Dinner???, Corned Beef Hash!?!?  Get it before it is GONE!!!, null, We are beyond proud of you Dad (Captain Ken)!!!, When life gives you Bananas, you make Banana Bread!!!, Our Blessing to you

May your plate never be empty
May your glass always be full
May your table be filled with the people you love
Who make your life so warm and wonderful, HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!, null, An Irish Blessing:
May the dreams you hold dearest
Be those which come true
And the Kindness you spread
Keep returning to you

It's not too late to order Corned Beef and Corned Ribs for your St Patrick's Day festivities!!!
Walk in or give us a call at 978-683-2429, Thwaites Farm Stand is now open, we have all the veggies you need for a PERFECT Corned Beef Dinner!!!, Breakfast of Champions? 
We think so!!!
Keep Calm and have a Lovely day today!!!, This Pork Pie wont behave...
Its either 
A: Trying to become a Shepherds Pie
Or
B: Photo bombing them instead, Check out these PERFECT Family-Style Chicken Pies!!!, It is that time of the year again. . .  
The Merrimack Valley Magazine Awards!!!
Be sure to vote for you FAVORITE Local Businesses!!!

Thwaites Market is under "Specialty Market" number 64

https://prod.mkat.com/mktixrun/shared/mknporun?dir=mvarts.MKT-873.rcawards2015&page=mk2surveygenericfrm.jsp, When Irish Eyes are Smiling. . .
It's because they got their Corned Beef and Corned Ribs from Thwaites!!!, Don't forget to grab you copy of Methuen Life today and check out all the great deals during Methuen's Restaurant Week!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Do you feel like people are looking at you...?, Holy Pies... We've never seen so many different types of Family Style Pies in this Little Case!!!
Shepherds Pie
Beef Pie 
Tourtiere
Chicken Pies AND
Salmon, Turning FRESH BRISKETS into delicious CORNED BEEF!!!, Lunch Time Fun Time!!!
We are even bringing Mac n' Cheese Pies out on Fridays till Easter!!!, Looking for meatless options during Lent? . . . From Salmon and Broccoli and Cheese to Spinach and Cheese and Onion, We have you covered!!!, St Patrick's Day is exactly One Month away. . . Have you ordered your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs yet?, Barb's going for a ride in the Big Wheels today!!!, It may be Presidents' Day but it is also Mac n' Cheese MONDAY!!!, Happy Valentines Day from your special Valentine!!!, Chicken Pies, Tourtiere and Pies... Oh my!!!, Someone is hanging out with the big kids today!!!, We Are OPEN PEOPLE!!!, Still in Winter hibernation . . .?
Don't worry one of our bakers is too!!!, This Little Case is LOADED for ya today!!! Also if you buy 6 Cold Pork or Cold Chicken Pies get 2 of any kind FREE!!!, Come out of hibernation, we have some delicious food for ya!!!, Deflated Yum-overs..., Regulation size French toast Yum-overs..., Nana thinks this Football feels just right!!!, Just a couple of guys "tailgating" in our parking lot on this snowy afternoon!!!, What? We sell Homemade Patriots scarves here at Thwaites! Be sure to grab yours for the BIG Game!!!, Please help spread the word
Thwaites normally closes at 12:00 on Wednesdays but we are staying open til 3:00

Thanks and drive SAFE!!!, WE ARE STAYING OPEN TILL 3:00 TODAY!!!

Please Like, Share and Spread the word! 

 We thank you so much!!!, Come on in, we made a path for ya!!!, We are OPEN and Rockin' and Rollin' BABY!!!, There's a STORM a brewin'!!! Do you have everything you need to prep for the Blizzard? Here is our check list

*Pies and LOTS of them
*Steaks for the Grill 
*Chicken Soup
*Plenty of Sausage 
*Snacks and Ice Cream
*Milk and Eggs
*Family Style Chicken Pies
*Cold Cuts

We also have Batteries, Windshield Scrapers and Homemade Scarves!!!

Enjoy watching the Snow fall from home and we will keep you posted as to what we are doing tomorrow!, We are having fun in the snow today!!! We have the oven LOADED and we'll keep ya nice and warm!!!

Drive safely people!!!, Wow the Patriots are headin' to the Super Bowl and we are having quite the SALE!!! 

 Buy 1 Pack of Frozen Sausage get 1 Pack FREE!!!  

This is NUTS so stock up on all Frozen Sausage to last all Winter long... Or a week of two!!!, Hungry?  Stop by with your FAVORITE Hot Beverage and grab a Pie for Breakfast!!!, Check out this great memory . . . Thomas "Papa" and Ruth Thwaites hanging out in front of the Meatcase!!!, We got our Tripoli delivery extra early today!!!  Time to grill up some Italian Sausages to go with it!!!, It's Game Day Baby, it's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!
From Steaks and Sausages to Chicken and Tips, we gotcha covered!!!, ... After!!!, French Toast YumOvers, before..., Nan's leaving early... She has to get to the field on time!!!

GO PATRIOTS!!!, French Toast YUMovers... We GOT'EM!!!, HOLY SMOKES!!! We are out of the French Toast Casserole/Popovers for today, but we will have some more tomorrow morning folks!!!, What is this??? French Toast Casserole/Popovers!!!

We have 'em hot in the heater people!!!, We know it's chilly out there people but we are having a pretty COOL deal going on...  Buy 6 of ANY Cold Individual Pies, get 2 of ANY Cold Individual Pies FREE!!!, We'll keep you nice and warm today!!!  Stop by with your favorite hot coffee and grab a HOT Pie for lunch!!!, We'll keep ya nice and warm today!!!, Our Pies are looking pretty festive this morning!!!, From our family to yours
May you have a most wonderful New Year!!!

Stay safe and remember... Please eat responsibly!!!, We are Rockin' and Rollin' all morning long Baby!!!, Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!!, Still having Holiday gatherings or getting ready for New Years celebrations, try ApPIEtizers!!!  Grab a few different types of Pies, quarter them with a serrated knife and rest them on their sides on a decorative plate.  They are the PERFECT finger food for any get together!!!, From our family to yours, may you have a most wonderful Christmas.  May you table be filled with family, friends, great laughs and memories!!!

Merry Christmas!, The Thwaites Market Butchers are awaiting your arrival!!!, We are open from 7 til 2:00 this afternoon!!!, Captain Ken and Barb are all dolled up for Christmas!!!, On the first day of Christmas Thwaites Market gave to me...

One Pyramid of Pork Pies!!!, This awesome family is out in the cold enjoying our Pies for lunch!!!, Friendly Reminder:
We are still taking Meat Orders!
We are also still taking Cold Pork and Cold Chicken Pie Orders!!!

Be sure to give us a call at (978) 683 2429, Remember, call your order in as soon as possible!!! 978-683-2429, Up close and personal... Chicken and Stuffing Pies!!!, How do you eat your pie?, Look who we found eating a Pork Pie this morning!!!, We are ROCKIN' and ROLLIN' this morning Baby!!!, null, From Christmas Roasts to Holiday Hams, we have you covered for all of your Holiday essentials!!! 

Place your Orders by calling 978-683-2429
We can't wait to hear from you!, Nana and Maddie are enjoying their lunch time together!!!, Uh ohh Guess what we did?  We baked too many Chicken Pies!!!  Buy Six COLD get Two FREE!!!, It may be Cyber Monday, but here at Thwaites it is Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Here's something we don't see every day... Nana is playing with her new phone!!!

Happy #smallbusinesssaturday
#thinkbigshopsmall, Think Big, Shop Small 
It is Small Business Saturday today and we are SO excited about it!!!
If you come in and buy 7 Pies you get 1 FREE!!!, ATTENTION ALL BLACK FRIDAY SHOPPERS:  Remember you will get hungry, so be sure to stop by Thwaites and we will help you conquer starvation while shopping!!!

Have Fun and be Safe out there!!!, From our Family to Yours, we hope you have an Amazing Thanksgiving Day that is filled with Family and Friends, Laughter and Warmth AND delicious food that fills your belly!!!  HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY EVERYONE!!!, Our Pie Makers have lost it, so Captain Ken has presented them with an award... "Pie Makers Major Award over and above the Call of Duty, Great Job!!!", We still have Turkeys available for orders!!!!, "It's the most wonderful time of the year..." Yes, that means our Turkey and Stuffing Pies are here!!!, null, Don't forget to order your French and English Stuffing for Thanksgiving!!, It may be cold and rainy, but its MAC N' CHEESE MONDAY!!!, Good Morning EVERYONE!!!, Aw so so GOOD!!!, For all of the Men and Women who serve and who have served this amazing country, we thank you from the very bottom of our hearts (especially to you, Dad)!, We have HOT SOUP baby!!!!, What is for lunch today, hmmm???, It's Election Day!!!  BE sure to get out there, grab a Pie and VOTE!!, Gorton. . . Creton
However you spell it, we have it!!!, It's Sunny out, the Patriots won AND Its Mac n' Cheese Monday!  Get in here and have a GREAT Day with us!!!, What are you having for breakfast?  #breakfastofchampions, Bonjour Tourtiere!!!!, Feeling like you are in a London Fog today? Stop by, we'll make you feel right at home!!!, Are you hosting a Halloween Party this year or are in charge of bringing the apps?  Try apPIEtizers!!! Quarter a few different pies with a serrated knife and rest them on their side! It is an easy finger-food for everyone to enjoy!!!, It's raining Pork Pies and Chicken Pies!!!, What's so great about Rainy Days and Tuesdays?  Well if you stop by the Store today it's. . . BUY SIX Cold Pork Pies, get TWO FREE!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Check out these Egg Omelet Pies!!!, Making Sausage all morning long BABY!  Be sure to swing by early, we close at Noontime today!!!, This kitchen has gone CRAZY today... We are ROCKIN' and ROLLIN' and getting you ready for this long Columbus Day Weekend!!!, CASE is LOADED!!!!, What are you having to eat today?, It just feels like a Savory Duck kind of a day!, What a PERFECT day for Chicken Soup!!!, Today's Dough Art is brought to you by Captain Ken...
A sculpture of a Pig's head!!, It's Saturday.  It's The Weekend.  Do you know what your making for Snacks, Apps and most importantly Sunday Dinner???

Be sure to stop by Thwaites today, we'll help you decide!!!, Final Product!!!, Step Three, Step Two, What are we baking?
Step One!, What are we baking today???
Step One, Chilly out there?  We'll keep you nice and warm!!!, Awe look at this pretty sight!  We are LOADING up for you early this morning!!!, Thwaites's Very Own. . .
Kenny G's Breakfast Sausage Patties!!!, Thwaites's Very Own. . .
Kenny G's Breakfast Sausage Patties!!!, We'll keep you nice and warm on this CHILLY morning!!!, HAPPY 85th BIRTHDAY TO YOU NANA!!!!, null, Very small edition of Have Pie, Will Travel:   Fenway Park, Have you had your Scotch Eggs today???, We are Rockin' and Rollin' and Makin' and Bakin' all day long BABY!!!, "Summertime" Chicken soup!!!, Pyramid of Pork Pie!, 65 Years ago on this very day, this Crazy Guy was born!  So to you Dad, Papa or Captain Ken, we love you with all our hearts and hope you have one hell of a Year!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU SIR!!!, Aerial view of our pies on this GORGEOUS morning!!!, This is UNHEARD of people... Captain Ken is extended this SALE till this SATURDAY!!!

Come in QUICK before they are GONE!!!, From our family to yours, we hope you are enjoying this fabulous Labor Day Weekend!!!

We will be back to our regular hours tomorrow, see you then!!, To Everyone who came out for our SUMMERTIME Sizzler Sale, we appreciate it and can't thank you enough!!!  Today is the LAST Day of the Sale and we so want to get you ready for your Labor Day Festivities!!!, Just another Thwaites Market reminder... We close at Noon time today BABY!!!, This is it people, the LAST Week of The Summertime Sizzler Sale and we are so getting you ready for your Labor Day Festivities!!!

You are getting St. Louis Ribs for $2.99 Per LB!!!

Grill 'em Smoke 'em or stock up and Freeze 'em!!!, Aw a FRESH batch of Gorton just made it's way off of the Stove Top!!!, Summertime SIZZLER Sale
Buy Three LBS of Marinated Steak or Marinated Chicken (you can mix and match) Get One LB of Sausage FREE!!!!!, Scotch Eggs, BABY!!!, SUMMERTIME SIZZLER SALE: Week THREE

Buy Three LBS or more of Marinated Steak or Marinated Chicken, Get One LB of Sausage FREE!!!, This Case is LOADED for ya!!!, SUMMERTIME SIZZLER SALE
Buy six or more Pies, get a Large Bag of Wachusett Chips FREE!!!, Keep Calm and Eat A Pork Pie, Thank you to EVERYONE who came out for this week's Summertime Sizzler Sale yesterday!!!

This sale will be running ALL WEEK LONG Baby!!!

Buy Six or more Pies, get a LARGE Bag of Wachusett Chips FREE!!!, Summertime Sizzler Sale: Week Two

Buy Six or More Pies, get a Large Bag of Wachusett Chips FREE!!!, We are ROCKIN' and ROLLIN' all day long BABY!!!, We were blown away by the number of people who came out for the start of our Summertime Sizzler Sale!  We thank everyone who came out yesterday and remember, this sale is going on till Saturday!!!

Buy 12 Links of Sausage get a Bag of Tripoli Sub Rolls FREE!!!

We would also like to send a HUGE shout out to everyone at Tripoli Bakery, thank you for helping us out!!!, Summertime Sizzler Sale: Week One
Buy 12 Links of Sausage, get a Bag of Tripoli Sub Rolls FREE!!!

PS.  We will wrap it however you want and remember, it freezes really well!!!, Summertime Sizzler Sale:  Week One
Buy 12 Links of Sausage, get a Bag of Tripoli Sub Rolls FREE!!!, THWAITES MARKET'S FIRST ANNUAL SUMMERTIME SIZZLER SALE BEGINS TOMORROW!!!, Happy 88th BIRTHDAY to you Genie-Bean!!! Nevermind having a pie for breakfast, a HOMEMADE ICECREAM cake by our own Michelle is the breakfast of champions!!!, We have the most amazing and truly wonderful customers... To the Green Family, we thank you for sharing this wonderful letter and send to you our heartfelt condolences., LOADED!!!, null, We are Rockin' and Rollin' EARLY this morning!  From Marinated Steak and Chicken to Sliders and Patties We have all of your SUMMERTIME FAVORITES!!!

GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Summertime Sizzler Sale BEGINS Monday AUGUST 4th!!!  Mark it in your calendars!, COME AND GET'EM!!!, Ah today is the PERFECT day to take your lunch outside!!! Be sure to stop by Thwaites, grab a PIE and a drink and enjoy it out on the Wall!!!, Exciting News to All of our AMAZING Customers out there!!!
This August, Thwaites will be hosting our first ever SUMMERTIME SIZZLER SALE!!!  Each week a different Secret Sale will be featured, you won't know what it is until you walk through the door!!!

Starts Monday the 4th 
Ends Saturday the 30th, With this Gorgeous weather, it is so time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Empty Shells? What could we POSSIBLY be making?!!!, Stop in EARLY today for TWO Reasons:
1-We close at Noontime!
2-It's Buy SIX Cold Pork or Cold Chicken Pies get TWO of ANY Cold  Pies FREE!!!

Limited Time offer while supPIEs last, Aw just take a look at these DELICIOUS Scotch Eggs!!!, We are Rockin' and Rollin' all day today so you can spend the rest of the weekend Grillin' and Chillin'!!!

CHEERS!, From our Family to yours, we hope you have an amazing Fourth of July that is filled with amazing family, wonderful friends and delicious food!!!, "Yes'm we got Essem!"  We also have everything else you need for your Fourth of July festivities.  From Steaks and Burgers to Chicken and Sausages to Delicious Side Salads, we have ya covered!!!, What will you be grilling up this Fourth of July???  Be sure to stop by Thwaites, we'll have PLENTY of options for you when it's time for you GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, I have no words for this..., Lunchtime!!!, Sausage Makers in Training!!!, Be sure to tune in to NESN at 9:30 on Saturday Morning, you'll catch a glimpse of Thwaites Market's meats being smoked at Mann Orchards Smoke-off!!!, Like Meatloaf? Then you will LOVE Thwaites Market's, be sure to stop by and grab a slice or three!!!, Take a look at these GORGEOUS Pies we have today!!!, Well look here, its time for some PORTABELLA & SWISS BURGERS!!!, Summertime Snacks? We got 'em!!!, We are Rockin' and Rollin' AND Makin' and Bakin' so that you can be Grillin' and Chillin' all weekend long!!!, FIRE IT UP!!!, What are you GRILLIN' this weekend???, What would you like us to make today???, Its just another Mac n' Cheese MONDAY!!!, Not sure what to serve for a Graduation Party?  Stop by Thwaites and LOAD up on EVERYTHING!!! From Chicken and Steak to Macaroni and Potato Salad, we have ya covered!  Also check out this fun way to share our Pies, apPIEtizers!!!, Papa has a little helper today!!!, Pies, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks. . . Oh My!!!, Good Luck to all of you Relay For Lifers!!! You are doing such an amazing job for such a wonderful cause, keep up your awesomeness!!!, Aerial View of our Shepherds Pie Pies!!!, Whether you are Makin' and Bakin' or Grillin' and Chillin' we have you covered for a PERFECT weekend ahead!!!

Stop by or call in your order at 978-683-2429, Did you know that we sell Harris' Pelham Inn Dressing right here at the store!!!, From our family to yours, we hope you have a most amazing Memorial Day Weekend!!!  We also would like to say a big "Thank You" to the Brave Men and Women who serve and who have served this wonderful country!, We have over 3000 likes on Facebook, it so is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Yes'm we got ESSEM!!!, Memorial Day Weekend is the Unofficial start of Summer, it is perhaps the best weekend for Barbequing, Grillin' and Chillin'!!!  Be sure to stop by Thwaites and stock up on Steaks, Sausages, Chicken and so much more!  It is so time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Cheers from Abbey (from Thwaites) and Jeff who is prepping meats from Thwaites Market for tomorrow's Applewood Smoke-Off at Mann Orchards! Be sure to stop by and check out Jeff's tent, he is the first from the parking lot!!!, Swingin' by Mann Orchards Applewood Smoke-Off?  Be sure to find Jeff, he is competing using our Pork, Ribs and Sausages during the Smoke-Off!!!, The Thwaites way of eating a Pork Pie, drenched in Worcestershire Sauce!!!, The cases are LOADED for ya and as you can see the Cold Pie Deal is still on!  Buy Six cold Pork or Chicken Pies get two FREE!!!, Uh Ohh, guess what we did... WE BAKED TOO MANY PIES!!!  Buy 6 get 2 FREE!!! Cold Pork and Cold Chicken Pies only!!!, What a BEAUTIFUL Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight?  It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON BABY!!!, Tell your boss that Thwaites Market is giving ya the day off! Stop by, grab a Pie and a Salad and enjoy the rest of this GORGEOUS day!!!, From Sun Dried Tomato Panko Chicken to Pork Tenderloins, we gotcha covered for dinner tonight!!!, Loaded for LUNCHTIME!!!, Awe check out these Egg Omelet Pies, we hear they are the breakfast of CHAMPIONS!, It is the PERFECT day to eat, what do you want to bake today!!??, What is better than our Homemade Chicken Soup on this Fall like day??? Getting it HOT off the stove top!!!, Mac n' Cheese AND Scotch Eggs... What is going on here!!!, Rainy Days and Saturdays always make us in the mode for some Comfort Food!!!, Loaded with a fresh batch of delicious Chicken Soup!!!, Keep Calm and Pork Pie On!!!, What are you having for lunch? Stop by, grab a Pie and pick up a bag of Herr's or Cape Cod Potato Chips. It's the perfect lunch on the go!!!, Happy Mac n' Cheese Marathon Monday!!! Rock on Boston!!! #bostonstrong, Good Luck to all of you Marathon Runners out there today!!!, From our Family to yours, we hope you had a wonderful Easter that was filled with great food and great company!, We won the Easter Egg Hunt..., Who loves Raisin Sauce? We do!!!, Red Potato Salad, White Potato Salad and Tourtiere Pies... We are on a roll today!!!, Have you ordered your Easter Hams and Fresh Kielbasa, don't worry we have you covered!!!, It's time for you to ..., Thwaites Made Meal!!
One Chicken Breast
Cormier's Gold Cooking Sauce
And Oriental Noodles can all be found here!!!, From Easter Hams and Lambs to Fresh Kielbasa and Raisin Sauce, we have you covered for a perfect Easter Dinner! Give us a call at 978-683-2429!!!, Rainy days and Tuesdays always make a great day for Comfort Food!!!, Loading up on Homemade Tomato Sausage this morning!!!, Aw it is ALWAYS the perfect time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON BABY!!!, Nine different pies going out, what are you having for lunch!!!, Check out these delicious Egg Omelet Pies!!!, Spread the word Meryl Streep is in Lowell today, send her to Thwaites Market to have a pie!!!, Family Style Chicken Pies... We got'em!!, Family Style Chicken Pies... We got'em folks!!!, What goes perfect with rainy days? Mac n' Cheese Mondays!!!, Good Saturday Mornin to ya!!!, If you stop by today, be sure to check out this new Oriental Noodle Side we are carrying!!, Have you voted yet?  Go onto Merrimack Valley Magazine's website and vote for Thwaites Market!!! You can find us under item 20: Butcher 
We thank you so much for your help!!!
http://www.mvmag.net/, Our thoughts and prayers go out to you Boston., Our veggies are all lined up and ready to be turned into delicious Homemade yumminess!!!, So we are trying something a little different with our Mac n' Cheese Pies... We are putting tops on some if them to keep them from drying out! Let us know what ya think, What are you having for lunch today??, Good morning from Thwaites Market!!!, Rueben and Mac n' Cheese Pies... What's going in here!!!, Look at all these pies coming to a fridge near you!!!, We are LOADED with delicious Comfort-Foods that will keep ya toasty warm in this chilly day!!!, Ohhh YUM!!!, Is there anything better than Shepard Pie pies the day after Saint Patrick's Day!!, Our Irish Blessing to you:
May your plate never be empty
May your glass always be full
May your table be filled with the people you love
Who make your life so wonderful...

Happy Saint Patrick's Day from our Family to yours

Cheers!!!, We still have Corned Beef and plenty of Corned Ribs for ya on this Saint Patty's Day Morning!!!

"When Irish Eyes Are Smiling, sure 'tis like a morn in spring
In the lilt of Irish laughter, you can hear the angels sing.
When Irish hearts are happy, all the world seems bright and      gay, And When Irish Eyes Are Smiling, sure, they steal your heart away.", Good Morning to ya!!!, Irish Blessing:

May your day be touched
by a bit of Irish luck,
brightened by a song in your heart,
and warmed by the smiles
of the people you love., Facebook Request: Our Corned Beef Instructions!!!, What is your most favorite part about Saint Patrick's Day???, Tis the season for GRILLIN!!!, The Bakers are ready and waiting for ya!!!, Irish Blessing
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back

Be sure to stop by Thwaites Market and pick up your Corned Beef for St. Patrick's Day!!!, We have been Rockin' and Rollin' all day long BABY!!!  To our customers:  You guys are seriously the greatest people! To those of you who had to wait for their Pies, we appreciate it so much and thank you for being so patient!!!, Do you need Meatless options during Lent? . . . WE GOT'EM FOR YA!!! (Yes, you do see Mac n' Cheese Pies in there), Check out this Pyramid of Corned Beef!!!, ORDER UP! It's time to get your PIES!!!!, It's time for the 
Merrimack Valley Magazine Readers Choice Awards!!!
http://www.mvmag.net/

Merrimack Valley Magazine Reader’s Choice Awards: Voting is now open for the 2014 Merrimack Valley Magazine Reader’s Choice Awards. We don’t pick the winners – YOU DO! Vote for your favorite local businesses in the categories of: Home and Garden, Good Eats, Pampering, Shopping and Guilty Pleasures. Cast your vote here. , When Irish Eyes are Smiling... It's because they just ordered their Corned Beef and Corned Ribs from Thwaites!!!, Just look at that!!!, Savory Ducks, Scotch Eggs and Pies... Oh My!!!, Its not time for you to get your Grill on, it's time for you to get your CORNED BEEF ON!!!, Captain Ken is up to his Shepherd Pie shenanigans today!!!, Be sure to swing by Thwaites and pick up some Homemade Sausage to throw on the grill for dinner tonight!!! Remember we close at Noontime today!!!, It's Tuesday do you know what that means?  Na, we don't either!!!
We are having a blast down here at the Store and would LOVE to see your beautiful faces!!!, It's just another Pig n' Blanket Monday? No no no it's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!! (but we do have Pigs n' Blankets also), Our question to you is... Is it ever too early in the season for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON?!!!, This is how the Twins watch the oven... "Which Pie are we looking for?"!!!, Not sure what to have for dinner tonight?  Try any kind of our Italian Sausages on a fresh Tripoli Roll!!!, It's never too early to order your Corned Beef and Ribs for St. Patrick's Day!!!!, What are you grabbing for lunch today???
Don't forget, we close at Noontime today!!!, Hello EVERYONE!!! I have missed you so much!!!
We are Rockin' and Rollin' all day long BABY!!!, Hello to you all, As you can see our Facebook page has been off the grid for a little bit.  This is because the one who runs it is ACTUALLY overseas in London enjoying Bangers and Mash!!!  In a little over a week Thwaites's Facebook page will be back to its regular schedule. In the meantime give'em a call at 978-683-2429!!!, Just another Pork Pie Reminder: 
We will be closing the store at 3:00 Friday the 31st so that this crazy guy can give this crazy gal away!!!  We will reopen for for regular hours on Monday the 3rd!!!, 1-2-3 YUM!!!, RESTAURANT WEEK IN METHUEN!!! Buy SIX of any Pie, get ONE FREE!!! Hot or Cold we got'em!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!! AND it is the beginning of Restaurant Week in Methuen: Buy Six Pies, get One FREE Hot or Cold!!!, We are Rockin' and a Rollin' all day long BABY!!!, Just another PORK PIE REMINDER!!!
We will be closing at 3:00 Friday the 31st and reopening Monday the 3rd...
It is Super Bowl Weekend so be sure to come in EARLY for your apPIEtizers, Steaks and Italian Sausages!!!!, The makings of a Family Style Chicken Pie!!!, We'll keep ya warm today!!!, Well so much for that Snow Storm... Lucky for you we are Rockin' and Rollin' early this morning!!!, Do you have all of your Snow Storm Essentials?
Here is our list that we are going by:

Family Style Chicken Pies
Little Pies
Deli Meats
Some Italian Sausage to throw on your grill
Chicken Soup
Crock-Pot (ya know for Slow Cooked Steak Tips)
Some more Little Pies
A blanket
AND a couple of great movies!!!, Breakfast of CHAMPIONS, we think so!!!, It's Game Day BABY!  What are you eating?!!!, Looking for a fun snack for Sunday's Game?  Try apPIEtizers!!! Quarter a few different pies with a serrated knife and rest them on their side!  It is an easy finger-food for everyone to enjoy!!!, Nan and Ken are double teaming the Chicken Soup!!!, Well look at these will ya, some delicious Savory Ducks!!!, Just another Pork Pie Reminder:
          We will be closing at 3:00 Friday the 31st
                      (For a Family Wedding)
                And will reopen Monday the 3rd

We hope this gives you enough time to make arrangements and we apologize for any inconvenience!!!, Hello Gorgeous!, Uh ohh What is Captain Ken making today??, Lunch Time Plans? 
Don't forget, it's Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Are you throwing a Patriots Party Sunday?  If so, be sure to stop by Thwaites and pick up Sausages, Steaks and Chicken.  
When you friends ask:
"Hey where did you get this stuff?" 
You just look at them and say:
"I got it at Thwaites BABY!!!", Hey, hey Good Lookin' watch ya got cooking!!!, From Playoff Steaks to Patriot Patties, we have you covered for the Patriots Game Saturday Night!!!, Thwaites Made Meal,
Slow Cooked Cranberry Chicken!!!, Are you prepping ideas for Super Bowl Sunday? How about going with Super Sliders or some ApPIEtizers!!! What ever you are thinking we will be here to help. . .

Just a heads up, we will not be around that weekend so come in EARLY!!!  We will be closing at 3:00 Friday the 31st and will reopen Monday the 3rd!!!, Lunch plans... YEAH BABY!!!, Be sure to stop in and check out our new signs!!!, Mac n' Cheese MONDAY!!!, What are you making for Comfort Food today?  Have a try at Slow Cooked Steak Tips, just ask the Butchers about it!!!, We are Rockin' and Rollin' today people, and get this. . . 
We are having a SNOW STORM SPECIAL!!!
Buy Six get Two FREE Cold Pork and Cold Chicken Only!!!

(Limited time only, while supplies last!!!), We are open for business EVERYONE!!!, We are closed for the rest of the evening Folks!  For those of you who have to drive, please be careful.  For those who don't have to drive, stay in and enjoy the snow fall!!!, Why not have a ROAST BEEF Photo shoot!!!, Do you have all of your Snow Storm Comfort Foods?  From Pies to Steaks we have you covered!!!, HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!, Pie Apps... Delicious!!!, Pigs n' Blankets, Scotch Eggs and Pies ... Oh My!!!, No we wont be here to celebrate at Midnight tonight, but swing by at noontime grab a pie and sing Auld Lang Syne with us!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese. . . Wait what day is it???, Barb is calling in her New Years order, you should too!!!, Good Morning to you!!!, From our Family to yours, may you have a Merry Christmas that is filled with love, joy and laughter.  May your table be filled with delicious food, great company and many memories...

Raise a glass with us and

CHEERS to you!!!, Look at what we found Santa with. . . He was a little hungry this morning!!!, Look who came to help us in the kitchen, SANTA!!!!, What are you having for Christmas Dinner??, It's not too late to call your orders in!!! (Yes, we are still taking Pie Orders!!!), We'll keep you warm on this CHILLY morning!!!, Just a quick Heads Up!!! 
Tomorrow is the last day to make your Individual Pie Orders.  
The Pies available for ordering are:  (Cold Only)
Pork
Chicken
Tomato Sausage
Broccoli and Cheese
Chicken and Broccoli
Italian Sausage
Hamburg and Onion
Chicken Parmesan
and Turkey

We are open til 5:30 Tonight and til Noontime tomorrow
Give us a call 978-683-2429!!!, Don't you all look lovely today!!!, Don't you all look lovely today!!!, Check out this Antique 1932 Calendar from Essem, that a customer found and brought to us while doing some demo work!!!, Are you prepared for the snow?
We have all the necessities you need!!!, Ready
Set 
Go...
On the Twelfth Day of Christmas, Thwaites Market Gave to me, Breakfast of CHAMPIONS!!!, What are you having for lunch??, Chocolate Chip Cookies are a Pies Best Friend!!!
Thank you Robin!!!, Christmas is right around the corner!  
Thwaites has you covered. . .  From Roasts, Turkeys and Hams to Stuffing(s), Tourtiere and Pork Pies.  
Be sure to place you order soon!
(978) 683 2429, Pies and Shortbread baby!!!, Uh oh Someone has already stolen a slice or three from the Roast Beef!!!, Guess what we did??
We baked too many Pies!!!
Buy Six get Two FREE
Cold Pork and Cold Chicken only!!!


Limited time offer, while Pies last, Perfect day for a Mac n' Cheese Pie!!!, Captain Ken has lost his mind!!!, Check this picture out:
Thomas and Ruth Thwaites!!!
#smallbusinesssaturday, Small Business Saturday is Nov 30. Come out to sample the "English Delicacies!! Homemade Sausages and Salads!" we're known for. #shopsmall, Attention all Black Friday Shoppers:
Remember you will get hungry 

Stop by Thwaites, grab a Pie (that easily fits in the palm of your hand) and drive to your next shopping destination!!! GOOD LUCK, From our Family to yours, may you have a wonderful Thanksgiving filled with great people, great food and great memories!!!

Raise your glass. . . Cheers to you, We are here til 2:00 today!!!, Thanksgiving is just a few short days away!
Are you prepared for the festivities?
Have no fear Thwaites Market is here:
French and English Stuffing
Pork Sausage Meat
And YES we have a Small selection of Turkeys left so stop by or call in with your order (978) 683 2429!!!, HAPPY MONDAY BEFORE THANKSGIVING!!!!, What we do with leftover Tourtière Meat!!!, The guys (and Pies) are ready and waiting for ya!!!, It's a Savory Duck kind of day!!!, Tis' the season for Turkey Stuffing Pies!!!, What is your favorite way to eat our DELICIOUS Pies???, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, We are a Rockin and a Rollin today Folks!!!, Nothing better than Tripoli Sub Rolls to go with our Homemade Italian Sausage!!! YUM, The Little Pie Case is LOADED with all sorts of Comfort-Food Goodness!!!, Thank you to all the Men and Women who serve and who have served our Country.  We appreciate it and thank you from the very bottom of our hearts.  

To our favorite Veteran, thank you Captain Ken we love ya!!!

We are open all day today!!!, We are having a throw back day today!
For those of you who didn't have the wonderful chance of ever meeting Thomas "Pup" Thwaites, here is a small paragraph written by his Great-granddaughter, Bethany Greenwood Monteith.
This is him to a T

"He always wore a Red Sox cap over his slicked back, thin white hair. His face was rigid with a couple of scabby lumps, he couldn’t help that he was old. He always maintained his memorable smile, which was usually adorned with left over Fixodent, and spoke in a sort of raspy tone. He stood hunched over, usually wearing a blue cotton sweater with grey stripes on the sleeves. His hands were fragile with knuckles the size of gumballs. His fingernails usually stayed on the longer side of short. He wore baggy, blue corduroy pants that hung low around his waist and dark work boots on his feet.", Chicken Soup, Gorton and Beans. . . Oh My!!!, Hungry?... We are!!!, Order up!!!, Perfect CHILLY morning for a HOT beverage and a HOT Pie!!!, Parade Day. . . Game Day
We've got ya covered!!!, Look at these two LOVEBIRDS making pies together!!', Rockin some RED SOX gear!!, From the RED SOX to Halloween, we've got the bases covered!!!!, Making DELICIOUS Homemade Sausage all morning long!
Remember we close at noontime today!!, PERFECT Breakfast on this CHILLY morning!!!, Loaded for this Mac n' Cheese Monday!, Good morning Saturday, how are you??!!!, All right Red Sox Nation we have one WIN, three more to go!!!  Remember to 
"GETCHA PORK PIES HERE, THWAITES PORK PIES HERE!!!, We are so excited for Small Business Saturday, we are already planning for it!  
Remember to THINK BIG AND SHOP SMALL
Saturday November 30th!!!, Here is a Thwaites Made meal "Sausage Eggie Pasta!" All ingredients can be found at Thwaites market!!, These ladies have been working their buns off in the kitchen all morning long... Now they have gone delirious!!!, If you haven't seen it yet, here is the clip of Thwaites Market on "The Chef's Plate"


http://vimeo.com/thechefsplate/review/77088302/11d3e83f8c, We are LOADED for your Half-time Snacks and Appetizers!!!

And remember to check out The Chef's Plate that airs at 3:30 on WBIN TV!!!, Be sure to watch (or set your DVR) The Chef's Plate tomorrow at 3:30 on WBIN!!!

Comcast 18/HD811
Fios 6/HD506
DirecTV 50/8777, Hey Everyone, be sure to tune in to The Chef's Plate this Saturday at 3:30!  They did such an amazing feature on us and we can't be more thankful for it!!!

"The Chef's Plate featuring Thwaites Market  will air this Saturday at 3:30 on WBIN.", Uh ohh look at what we did!!!, Look at all those Scotch Eggs!!, Barbara stole someone's iPhone, and started taking pictures with it!!! Nice job Nan!, Good Morning, Tuesday!, Have Pie, Will Travel 
New York City Edition, The PERFECT meal for this Columbus Day Weekend!!!, Getting ready for Lunchtime!!!, Even Spider-Man shops at Thwaites Market!!!, This is how Captain Ken eats a Pork Pie... Cold, cut into eighths and LOADED with Worcestershire Sauce!!!, Hello Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner!!!, Check this out for some Delicious Comfort Food.  Corned Beef, Corned Ribs and Smoked Shoulders... YUM!!!, Perfect day for some Mac n' Cheese Pies!!!, Are you ready for GAME DAY?  
Load up on Pies, Steaks, Sausages and Sliders; and you will covered from Appetizers to the Main Dish and back!!!
GO PATRIOTS!!!, We are LOADED for your dinner time!!!, ... And after!!!, Scotch Eggs before..., We have CHICKEN PIES!!!, Yes we have Shepherds Pies!!!, Be sure to stop by for your dinner tonight!!!, It sure looks like we are in a London Fog this morning!  Stop by Thwaites and get your London on!!!, We are ROCKIN' and ROLLIN' and ready for you today!!!, HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE!!!!, ATTENTION!!! Huge Pie Sale
Buy Six COLD Pies, Get Two FREE!!!
All COLD Pies (Individual Pies ONLY)
Limited time offer while the Pies LAST, Making our DELICIOUS Homemade Sausage all morning!!!, What a PERFECT morning for you to stop in with a Hot Coffee, and grab a Hot Pie for breakfast!!!, . . .and plenty of HOT ones!!!, We have loads of cold Pies this CHILLY morning!!, I can't even think of a caption for this..., We have Savory Ducks PEOPLE!!!, Gorgeous, just gorgeous!!!, Our Little Pie Case is at Maximum Capacity! Loaded with PERFECT Fall Foods!!!, It's a Shepherds Pie kind of a day!!!, It is raining, it is cloudy but it is Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, This Woman is having a BLAST today!!!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY BARBIE!!!!, Today is going to be a GREAT day. . . Be sure to stop by and wish this Lady a giant HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!, Hello you Sun-Dried Tomato Panko Chicken!!!, Lunch Time is calling. . . Can you hear it?, Never Forget, What are you having for dinner tonight???, Happy Monday EVERYONE!!!, Loaded this BEAUTIFUL Saturday Morning!!!, Lunch of CHAMPIONS? We think so!!!, SHORTBREAD!!!, Be sure to stop by the Store and give a great, big HAPPY BIRTHDAY shout out to Captain Ken!!!, We are Rockin' and Rollin' for you this morning!!!, We hope you have a WONDERFUL Labor Day Weekend!  Enjoy it with your Family, Friends and enjoy that delicious food you put out!!!
CHEERS PEOPLE!!!, We are LOADED with Pies this afternoon!!!!, It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON, BABY!!!, Uh Oh... We baked too many Chicken Pies!!!
Buy six get two FREE, Cold Chicken Pies Only!!!, Are you ready for This Labor Day Weekend?! We are, check out these Patties and Sliders before they are Patties ad Sliders!!!, null, Our Little Pie Case is LOADED and waiting for you!!!, Hmm What are we up to today???, Is there any better comfort-food than a Mac n' Cheese Pie on this rainy morning??, Ohh Ya BABY! We are loaded on this chilly morning!!!, Loading up on Sausage this morning!!!, Gorton, Beans and Chicken Soup. . . Mmm mmm!!!, Just look at these!!!, Yummy!!!, Makin' and Bakin' all day long BABY!!!, Having a party, need a Platter?
Give Thwaites a call and we'll help ya out!!!, We would like to present to you a Thwaites Market Production by 2 of Barbara's Great-grandchildren!!! Enjoy!, The Little Pie Case is LOADED!!
Can you spot the strange face at all??, Loading up the Meat-case with our Delicious Homemade Sausage!!!, Captain Ken is making Pies today. . . The question is, does he know what he is doing???, Two DELICIOUS Pies. . . Frank n' Bean and Mac n' Cheese!!!!, Captain Ken is putting up some Buffalo Chicken Pasta Salad!!!, We hear the Dinner Bell RINGING!!!, Can you name these Pies??, What is your FAVORITE meal to make our DELICIOUS Italian Sausage?, Pies are lookin' mighty fine this morning!!!, The LITTLE CASE is loaded on this damp morning!!!, Keep Calm and. . . 
Pork Pie on!!!, The Deli is lookin' pretty fantastic this morning!!!, Say hello to our LITTLE PIES!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, From Patties and Steaks to Chicken and Sausage... It is a beautiful day for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Pork Pies always make Rainy Days better!!!, We have PLENTY of Pies for ya on this "Fall like" morning!!!, We are Rockin' and Rollin' til Noontime Baby!!!, How amazing would it be hear "PORK PIES. . . GET YA PORK PIES HERE!!!"
Your thoughts, go!, Delicious Pies for a not so Delicious Morning!!!, Did you know that Thwaites Market is ranked #2 out of 91 Restaurants in Methuen?
We thank you so much for your support!!

http://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g41677-d2636699-Reviews-Thwaites_Market-Methuen_Massachusetts.html, LOADED!!!, We are planning on having a FANTASTIC Mac n' Cheese Monday, stop by early and get all the necessities for a great dinner tonight!!!, Be a champion... GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Our Pies, Salads and Meats are waiting for your arrival!!!, Let us do the Bakin' for you today, we will have Pies Rocking and Rollin' all day!!!, What are you having for dinner?, Getting ready for some CHOP SUEY!!!, We are LOADED with DELICIOUS Meats for you today!!!, Loading up for your Lunch Time, and yes folks we are Air Conditioned!!!, Getting ready to make some Mac n' Cheese Pies!!!, The Meat-case is LOADED for you today!!!, Check out this Lemon-Pepper Chicken. . . It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Sun-Dried Tomato Panko Chicken. . . DELICIOUS!!!, Summer SIZZLER Sale!

Buy any Frozen
Family-Style Chicken Pie
Get one 1/2 Price!!!

Limited Time only, while they last!!!, Well hello Egg Omelette Pies!!!, Making Sausage all morning long! Be sure to try our newest HONEY BARBECUE BRATWURST!!!, Do you like Maple Syrup? Do you love Scotch Eggs or Pigs n' Blankets?  Try dipping either in Maple Syrup, it is AMAZING!!!, Look at all those PIES!!!, It is so time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!! Check it out, we have PLENTY of Garlic Tomato and Cheese Sausage to load up on!!!, We are Makin' and Bakin' all day long BABY!!!, The Fourth of July is winding down but before is passes, we just want to say thank you to all the Amazing Men and Women who serve and who have served our Country.  You truly are amazing!

God Bless America, We are here til 1:00 this afternoon!  Be sure to stop by and grab all the necessities for this Fourth of July!!!, The BEST way to enjoy our Delicious Pies... TAILGATE!!!, Nan is making her FAMOUS Egg Salad for this Fourth of July!!!, We are LOADED for your lunch time!!!, Still not sure what to grill this weekend? Our Marinated Steak Tips are the way to go!!!, Our family is having a GIANT reunion this Weekend! What are you doing?  
Either way, it is so time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, We have PLENTY of Tripoli Bread to go with our Homemade Sausage this morning!!!, Nan is surrounded by her Pies!!!, Come and get your Pork Sausage!!!, The Oven is LOADED this morning!!!, It is going to be a HOT one today, cool off with our Cold Pork Pies
Buy Six COLD Pork Pies, get Two FREE!!!

Cold Pork Pies only
Be sure to keep cool today!!!, It is the OFFICIAL First weekend of SUMMER... It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, The Oven is rolling!!!, Our shiny, new oven!
Just waiting patiently for "Uncle Tom" to hitch up some electricity for us!!!, Pigs n' Blankets, Scotch Eggs and Pies. . . Oh my!!!, Happy Wednesday Everyone!!!
Remember to stop by early, we close at Noontime today!!!, Well our Pie Sale is over but the PAC Man Pork Pie says to come in for some HOT ones on this gorgeous day!!!, Guess what we did. . .
We baked too many Pies!!!
Buy six COLD Pork or Chicken, get two COLD Pork or Chicken FREE!!!, Our Pies are ready for you!!!, Our Meat-case is LOADED for you this Father's Day Weekend!!!, Portabella and Swiss Burgers... That is all we are going to say about that!!!, Mini Shepherd Pies!!!, This weekends forecast:  Sunny with a chance of Thwaites Italian Sausage.   Get your Tongs and Spatulas ready, it's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON BABY!!!, Check out these DELICIOUS Tomato Sausage pies!!!, Saying Goodbye to our best "Little Oven", Nan is giving me a lesson on "How to make Thwaites Market Sausage"!!!, Mmm to these delicious Meatloaves!!!, What are you having to eat today?, It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Wow, what a PERFECT morning for a hot coffee and a delicious Pork Pie!!!, Loading up the Oven one Pie at a time. . . What is better to have than a Pie on this rainy day?!!, LOADED!!!, What are we making today?
A: Pepper Onion Tomato Cheese Sausage

B: Salsa

C: Macaroni Salad, What are you having for dinner tonight . . .?  Stop by, we'll help you figure it out!!!, Bonjour Tourtière!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Have Pie, will Travel
"Mr. Thwaites Goes to Washington" Edition!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Have Pie, will Travel
South Carolina Edition!!!, Thank you to all who are serving and who have served our Country

From the Washington Monument in Washington DC, Happy Memorial Day to all of you out there!!!, Put a little TWIST to your Essem Hotdogs this Memorial Day Weekend!!!, Looking for amazing recipes, or a great Personal Chef?  Follow Without a Measuring Cup on Facebook or better yet check out Vanessa's website below!
Enjoy!

"For those of you that live in the Merrimack Valley, the steak tips in my Surf N Turf recipe are from Thwaites Market in Methuen! I've always found steak tips to be rough and gamey but these were just perfect!"
http://withoutameasuringcup.com/surf-n-turf/, Are you ready for this Memorial Day Weekend. . ?  We are!!!, Our Stove is LOADED with some Home-made goodness, Check out these Family-Style Chicken Pies... YUM!!!, Is there a better way to start your work week?  Mac n' Cheese Monday!!, Stop by for some DELICIOUS Cran-Walnut Chicken Salad!!, Aerial View of our Specialty Pies... Yum!!!, Have some Summertime Fun with Essem Hot Dogs! Spiral Cut makes it easy to load up with condiments! Plus kids will love them at family cookouts!!!, Thwaites Baked Sausage on a Tripoli Sub Roll. . . Winning combination, we think so!!!, We hope all of you Mothers out there had an AMAZING Mother's Day yesterday. . . But guess what, today is Mac N' Cheese Monday!!!, Oh No!  
It's Mother's Day tomorrow and you have NO idea what to do for MOM!  Stop by Thwaites and we will give you some ideas.  From Gift Certificates to a Nice, Juicy Steak. . . Mom will surely be happy with her gift!!!, Our Oven is Rockin' and Rollin' this morning!!!, What song would you use that best describes our Pies?

Example. . . It's the stuff that dreams are made of~ Carly Simon

Ready.  Set.  GO!!!, You'll NEVER guess what we did... We baked too many Pies!
Buy Six COLD PORK Pies, get Two FREE!!!
Cold Pork Pies only

Spread the word and be sure to get down here early!!!, Loaded with pure DELICIOUSNESS!!!, It's a Scotch Egg and Pig n' Blanket kind of day!!!, This is what happens when the BOSSES go on vacation... Nap Time!!!!, It is a PERFECT day for some Sun-Dried Tomato Panko Chicken!!!, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks... Oh my!!, Our Meatcase is LOADED this morning.  With this nice weather, it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Breakfast of Champions... Yeah, we think so!!!, Breakfast of Champions... Yeah, we think so!!!, ... And the Egg Omelettes have arrived!!, Here go the Egg Omelette Pies!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight???, Nana and Lee Lee are busy making Tomato Sausage this morning!!!, It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Frank n' Bean. . . Perfect comfort-food, we think so!!!, Order up!!, Sunday morning Oldie...
Hi Papa!!!, Oh my, we have PIES!!!, If you haven't seen it yet, do you notice anything different about this picture??, We haven't posted much this week in respect for the Boston Marathon, 
but . . . we got him BABY!!!!, . . . We baked too many PIES!
Buy 6 get 2 FREE on COLD Pork Pie!!!

Come early before they are GONE!, Is you Grill feeling cold and bland?  It is time that you FIRE it up and throw Italian Sausage, Steaks, Chicken and Marinated Steak tips on it.  Your grill will thank you, and oh yes. . .
It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Here are two cuties enjoying Thwaites Pies!!!, Thoughts and Prayers are sent your way Boston, It may be Marathon Monday, but at Thwaites it is Mac n' Cheese Monday!

Good luck all of you Marathoners!!!, The Oven is Rockin' and Rollin' this morning!!!!, There is still time to VOTE!!!, Perfect breakfast on this dreary morning!!!, Look at all those COLD CUTS!!!, A BIG Happy 30th Anniversary to these two crazy kids!!!, You know what day it is today... Mac n' Cheese MONDAY!!!, We play with our food at Thwaites!!!, Captain Ken has turned into Sherlock Holmes!!!, Little Pie Case... LOADED!!!, Behind the scenes!!!, Have Pie, will travel: Newburyport Edition!!!, We are making Delicious Homemade Sausage ALL Morning long!!!
So it will be time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, All the fixings for Frank n' Bean Pies!!!, Take a look at this Roast Beef, yum!!!, Unfortunately, there will be no Mac n' Cheese Pies today . . . APRIL FOOLS!!!  Have a GREAT DAY everyone!, Are you all set with your wonderful Easter dinner?  If not, stop by Thwaites! We'll help you out!!!, What goes best with your Easter Ham?. . . Fresh Kielbasa, yum Baby!!!, Breakfast of Champions? Yeah, we think so!!!, What do you think this Big Red "thing" is that sits right outside of the Store?

All employees and family members, no answering!!!, Good Morning from Thwaites!!!
View from the 93 Bridge going over the Merrimack!, Chocolate-Dipped Shortbread...Yum!!, Our pies at an aerial view!!!, Our Meatcase is LOADED with delicious meats this morning!!!, Attention!
Buy six COLD Pork or Chicken Pies, get TWO cold Pork or Chicken Pies FREE!!!, We know some of you have already helped us out by voting, but those who haven't VOTE FOR US!!!, For those of you who are cooking our Corned Beef and Corned Ribs this week, here are our instructions!!!, Vote for us!!!, These babies look "friggen" good today!!!, Here is Lee makin' some Mac Attack Pies!!, We know that everyone is well into their St. Patrick's Day Festivities, but we hope that you all are having an amazing day!  

Our Irish blessing to you
May you enjoy the food on your plate, the drink in your glass and the company at your table. . . CHEERS!!!, We even have GREEN Freezer Paper for you today!!!, We have our Irish flare on! 
Your vote counts who's outfit is better, White or Green?, Finally, we have Shortbread!!!, What will you be doing to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?, One GIANT pot of Chicken Soup!!!, Here is Barbara with her oldest friend Bea, who is going to be 101!!! She is still enjoyed our pies!!!, Andrew is all set for St. Patrick's Day, are you?!!!, Loaded with Comfort-food that will keep you nice and warm on a rainy day like today!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Say "hi" to Matt and his pyramid of Corned Ribs!!!, We are open for business people!
If you are walking or driving around anywhere, please stay safe and be careful. . . Be sure to stop by and get some delicious foods that will keep you toasty warm on a day like today!, Our Meatcase is at full capacity for you!  Come in before the storm, and don't forget to call in your Corned Beef and Corned Rib orders!!!, What do you think our slogan should be?
Ready . . . Set . . . GO!!!, Breakfast of Champions!!!, Here are a few answers to some of the questions you may have about Thwaites Market's Corned Beef and Corned Ribs
Beef is $6.49/Lb
Ribs are $3.99/Lb
For the Beef we recommend ordering 1Lb per person (when the beef is cooking it shrinks about 36%), that will give you some leftovers.
The ribs can be ordered by the pound, number of ribs or by the rack.

As always, you can call 978-683-2429 and we will gladly help you put your order in!!!
Cheers!!!, Sending some Mac n' Cheese through the oven for Lunch Time!!!, When Irish eyes are smiling!, Check out this amazing article in the March Edition of Methuen Life.
Kudos to Darrell for doing such a great job!!!, We are LOADED for Lunch-time Pies!!!, What are you having for breakfast on this Spring-feeling day?  
Stop by and grab a Pie or even a Scotch Egg to enjoy with your favorite morning beverage!!!, Irish Blessing
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back

Be sure to stop by Thwaites Market and order your Corned Beef for St. Patrick's Day!!!, We close at Noontime today, don't forget to pick up some HOT Soup!!!, Is there anything better than Homemade Comfort-Food on a chilly, rainy day?!!, One word...YUM!!!, Are you ready for this Wild, Weekend Weather? Stop by and grab all sorts of Comfort-food to throw in your crock-pot!!!, Are you ready for this weekend's storm? These people are!!!, The Oven is Rockin' and Rollin' early this mornIng baby!!!, Still not sure what to have for dinner tonight? Here is an idea!!!, Have you ordered your Thwaites Market Corned Beef?  St. Patrick's Day is right around the corner, and it is never too early to start planning your meal!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!, Are you planning on hitting the slopes with your family this School Vacation?  Be sure to stop by Thwaites before or after!  There is nothing better than a HOT Pie after some awesome Skiing and Snowboarding!!!, We are so ready for you this morning!!!
Cheers!, We have Pies BABY!!!, Our Cold Pie Sale is OFFICIALLY Over!!!, The makings of a Reuben Pie!!!, Happy Valentines Day to our amazing Customers!

What is more romantic than cooking your "special someone" a homemade meal, while you dine by candlelight, with your favorite bubbly?  Stop by Thwaites, we'll help you out!!!, ATTENTION:
Buy Six COLD Pork or COLD Chicken Pies, get any TWO Cold Pies FREE!!!
Individual Pies only!, We are loaded with plenty of Comfort-foods!!!, We are open for business today People! Get your Snow-Bunny selves in here for some HOT food!!!, How is everyone doing this morning? 
The driving ban is still in effect... As soon as it is lifted we will be at the Store!!
We will be keeping you posted!!!, We are closed for the day everyone!!! Please be careful driving and we will keep you posted for tomorrow!!!, Alright Folks, the snow is rolling in!  
Your best bet is to get down here early, or call in before you do come just to see what we are up to! 978-683-2429
DRIVE SAFE!!!, We are so ready for the snow here at Thwaites Market!!!, Do you have all your Snow Storm Essential?
No we don't carry your Winter Clothes, Snow scrapers or Snow Shoes...
We do carry Snow Shovels and Ice Melt!
Oh yes, we also carry Steaks, Sausage, Chicken and PIES that will keep you feeling so warm and comfy while watching that snow fall!!!, Our oven is Rockin' and Rollin' early this morning!!!, Start your day the Thwaites Market way. . . Egg Omelette Pie and a Coffee!!!, It's just another Mac n' Cheese Monday!!!!, It is the last day for Methuen Restaurant Week!
Don't forget to clip your coupon and stop by Thwaites!!!
Cheers!, We are so close to 2,000 Likes on Facebook!!!, Chicken Soup... We have some!!!, The oven is LOADED this morning!!!
Note: It is icy out there so be careful!!!, It is Restaurant Week here in Methuen! If you are stopping by the Store, please have your coupon with you!!! Enjoy!, Ryan is eating all the Mac n' Cheese for the Mac n' Cheese Pies!!!!, Happy Monday everyone!!!, Pigs, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks... Ohh My!!!, Pigs, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks... Ohh My!!!, Getting ready to bake these Pigs n' Blankets and Scotch Eggs!!!, Barbara "Nana" and Lee are making Sausage this mornIng!!!, Loaded with Comfort Food that will make you TOASTY warm on this FREEZING day!!!, Is there a better breakfast than this on a 9 degree morning?, Thwaites Market Food Truck...
Your thoughts
GO!!!, Not sure what to have for dinner tonight?  Stop by and grab some Marinated Steak Tips, or better yet we have four different kinds of Italian Sausage for you to choose from!!!, Was anyone on Facebook able to try the Mac n' Cheese Pie yesturday?  If so what are your thoughts on it?

Cheers!!!, We have officially lost our minds...
Mac n' Cheese Pies BABY!!!, We are open on this CHILLY morning!!!, Even Spider Man loves Thwaites Market!!!, Prepping to make Sausage on this brisk morning!!!, Did you know:
Because of our amazing customers, Thwaites Market is ranked number 3 of 47 "restaurants" in Methuen on Trip Advisor!!!
That is pretty awesome!!!, Perfect, snowy morning breakfast!!!
Be careful driving today!!!, Snow is finally coming, do you have plenty of comfort-food?
If not, be sure to stop by Thwaites!!!, Happy Monday!!!
How does everyone feel after that football game??!!, Are you tailgating before the big game tomorrow?  If so, stock up on Sausage, Steak and Chicken... Everyone will be turning their head to see what you've got cookin'. And when they ask you "hey where did you get that stuff?" You just nod your head and say "I got it at Thwaites BABY!"
GO PATRIOTS!!!, Chicken Soup anyone?!, Wow, stop by and check out what we have in stock from Boka Bakery!!!, Is there someone in your household that is sick with a cold or the Flu? If so, we are stocked with plenty of homemade comfort-food that will make you feel better in no time!!!, Loading up the Meatcase with all sorts of goodies!!!, That's a nice looking Pie Case!!, We have Pies BABY!!!!, The Pies arrived for their close-up today!!!, We are interested in your thoughts, what do you love more?

The front of the Store how it is now? 

Or the front of the Store as it was back in the 1940s/50s with Thomas and Charlie Thwaites?, Baked Beans... We got 'em!!!!, To the start of 2013!!!
Cheers!, From our family to yours, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!, Are you trying to figure out what to serve as appetizers for your New Years Eve celebration?
Why not take some Pies, quarter them and lay them filling side up on a decorative platter!
Your guests will love them!!!, Filling up our platters one Pie at a time!!!, Wow it is brisk out there this morning!  
Stop in with your favorite HOT beverage in hand
And grab a Pie for breakfast!!!, What was the BEST part of your Christmas Festivities?, From our family to yours, may you have a Very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!!, I don't know what to say about this!!!, Our Door will open at 7:00 This morning!!!, We have been here baking since 5:00 this morning and we can't wait to see your faces here today!!!, We are rockin' and rollin' today BABY!!!!, Have you ordered Pies for your Holiday Festivities??
978-683-2429, Wow our Little Pie Case is loaded with tons of goodies for your Holiday Festivities!!!, null, Tis' one week before Christmas and all through the Store are Dough Rollers, Pie Makers and our talented Butchers galore...
Have you ordered your Pies, Scotch Eggs and Pigs n' Blankets!!!!, Wow it is BRISK out there this morning!  Stop by with your favorite HOT beverage and grab a Pie for breakfast!!!
Please be safe driving today!, Have you called in you Christmas and Holiday Orders Yet?!!!
978-683-2429, Thwaites Market meet Tripoli Bakery!!!, Here is Nan' making some delicious Egg Omelettes this morning!!, Bonjour Tourtière!!, Oops, we baked too many Pies!  You know what that means,
Buy Six get get Two FREE!!!
Cold Chicken Pies only!!!, Have you ordered your Pies for the Holidays?  If not call Thwaites @ 978-683-2429!, Egg Omelettes are rolling through the oven!!!, Wow, it is RAW out there this morning! Come in and warm up with your favorite HOT beverage and a PIE!!!, Little Pie Case = LOADED!!!, Are you feeling cold this morning?  Well stop by Thwaites!  We are loaded with comfort foods that will make you feel like you are curled up in your warmest blanket; while watching your favorite Holiday movie!!!, Perfect breakfast? Ya, we think so!, Order up!!! Happy Monday to you!!!, Stop by today and check out our new Coca Cola sign refurbished by NH Signs!!!, Tis' the Season to call in your orders! 
It's never too early to do so!
978-683-2429, The makings of Frank and Bean Pies!, Look at those PIES!!!!, You'll never guess what we did...  Lucky for you, we baked too many Pies!!!
Buy Six COLD Chicken Pies, get Two COLD Chicken Pies FREE!!!
Limited time offer (get'em before they are gone)!!!, PAC Man meet Pork Pie!!!, It is finally Small Business Saturday!
Here are Three working generations of a Five Generation, Small Family Business. 
To all of our amazing customers who have kept us going for so long, we thank you!!!, Small Business Saturday
Think Small, eat a Pie, First off, we hope you all had an amazing day yesturday!!!
Secondly to all of you Black Friday Shoppers, you do need to stop for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner so why not stop at Thwaites?!
Third (and most important) Small Business Saturday!!!  We are so excited to see what the turnout will actually be for tomorrow!!!
Think Small eat a Pie!!!, This is how Thwaites Market does Thanksgiving, you got it TURKEY PIE BABY!!!
Again from our family to yours have a safe, fun, delicious and HAPPY Thanksgiving!!!, From our GIANT family to yours, may you have a wonderful Thanksgiving filled with great food and (more importantly) great company!!!, IF YOU HAVE NOT GOT A TURKEY FOR THANKSGIVING, WE STILL HAVE'EM!!!  We are here until 2:00 Today!!!, Small Business Saturday is this Saturday, and we are so very excited about it!!!
Think Small, eat a Pie, Good Morning from Thwaites!!!!, Yes people, the Thanksgiving Holiday is upon us and so are Turkey Stuffing Pies!!!!, Nothing says Good Morning better than Tea and Shortbread!!!, Wow, check out our Dairy/Vegetable/Soda Case!!!, Our view of the Little Pie Case! 
We are loaded with TONS of Yummy Comfort Foods!!!!, Spread it around...
BUY SIX CHICKEN PIES, GET TWO FREE!!!
Cold Chicken Pies only, get'em before they are GONE!!!
Cold Chicken Pies Only, Wow we have so much going on today, we don't even know where to get started!  One thing is for sure our Bakers are Makin' and our Oven is Crankin'!!!
Cheers!, Are you ready for Thanksgiving?  Come in and stock up on all of our goodies!  From French Stuffing and Turkeys to Pies and Roasts, we have everything to make your Thanksgiving a DELICIOUS one!!!, The back if the Oven is FULLY loaded this morning!
Stop in early, you'll work better with a full stomach!!!!, In Honor of Veteran's Day, we will be closed Monday the 12th.
To all who are serving and to all who have served our country, we thank you from the bottom of our hearts., Now this mountain of Scotch Eggs makes us so eggsited!!!, This Little Case is filled BABY!!!, Good Morning from Thwaites!!!!, Wow, believe it or not Thanksgiving is right around the corner!  
We will be working around the clock to provide you with French and English Stuffing, Tourtiere Pies, Roasts, TURKEYS and much much more!!!
Get your orders in early!!! 978-683-2429, Bonjour Tourtière!, Get a Pie and VOTE or VOTE and get a Pie!  
Just get out there and vote today people!!!, Check out these Family Style Chicken Pies!!!, Wow, feel that BRISK air Baby!!!  
Stop in for a HOT Pork Pie and enjoy this morning air!!!, Filling up the Little Case, one Pie at a time BABY!!!, Check out these little Mini Meatloaves!!!!, Ahh, this is such a nice sight!!!!
Again we thank you all so much for your patience!!!!, WE ARE OPEN PEOPLE!!!!!!!!, Again to our customers, we are so sorry about this HUGE inconvenience.  We are grateful that National Grid has restored power to most of Massachusetts.  Having said that, it is unfortunate that National Grid has YET to restore the power back to Thwaites Market, it seems they aren't hungry for PIES.
This upsets us terribly and we are so sorry that we aren't able to serve you., Thwaites = In the dark :(
We are so sorry for any inconvenience to our customers. You all are amazing and we love you!!!
We will let you know as soon as we are up and running again!!!, Unfortunately, we still have no power at the Store... As soon as we are able to open, we will let you know!!!, We are closed for the day people, take care be safe and we will keep you updated for tomorrow!!!, Wow, we are loading up the oven already!!!
Hurricane Sandy. . . BRING IT ON!!

As long as we don't lose power, we will be open all day long BABY!!!, We are loading up the back of the oven Thwaites Market Style!!!!, Are you ready for Sunday's Game?  We aren't telling you to get your grill on. No, we are telling you to GET YOUR LONDON ON!!!
From Pork Pies and Bangers and Mashed, to Savory Ducks and Scotch Eggs, we have everything that you need to make you feel like you are there!!!
Cheers!, Savory Ducks, Pigs n' Blankets, Scotch Eggs and Pies!!!! Wow Baby!, The makings of Pigs n' Blankets!!!, Who is going to London to see the Pats play this weekend?  
Well if you are not heading there, call up Thwaites and order your Scotch Eggs, Savory Ducks, Pigs in Blankets and Pork Pies!!!
You will feel like you are there!!!, Breakfast of Champions. . . Yea, we think so!!!, Makin' and Bakin' all day baby!
Don't forget to check out our Meat and Deli Case!!! They sure look sharp!!!, Pork Pies and Chicken Pies are falling out of the oven!!!!
Hello Saturday!!!, Rainy days and Fridays always makes one in the mood for comfort!  So call into work, stop by Thwaites to grab your FAVORITE Comfort-Foods, head back home and RELAX!!!, Good morning from Thwaites!!!, Another Pie Maker gets engaged!!!, Wow, we are loaded for lunch time BABY!!!, We are loaded with Fall time Favorites today!!!, Mmm Mm... Pork Pies, Chicken Pies and Egg Omelettes are making their way through the oven this morning.  Come and get'em before they are GONE!!!
Cheers, Thwaites Market meet Tripoli, Tripoli meet Thwaites Market... Now selling Tripoli Products, you can find them in front of our fully loaded Meatcase!!!, Are you feeling a bit chilly? Well warm up with our Homemade CHILI!!!!, Brr it is BRISK out there!!!
Stop by for a HOT Pie to keep you nice and warm this morning!!!, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks BABY!!!!, Are you looking for a delicious, Comfort-Food kind of a meal tonight?  Stop by the Store and get some Tender Steak Tips.  Marinade your own or better yet, throw them in your Crock-Pot, and enjoy them Slow-cooked!!!, The back of the oven is LOADED for you!! So stop in with your favorite hot coffee, and grab a hot Pie for breakfast!!!, Wow, we have 1500 Likes on Facebook!  That is absolutely amazing for this small, little Store on the corner of Oakland and Railroad St.  We thank you so much!
Here's to 1500 more!!!, Are you ready for this Columbus Day Weekend? A more important question, is your GRILL ready for this Columbus Day Weekend???
Stop by Thwaites and load up on all sorts of goodies, from Steaks to Italian Sausage, your Grill will thank you!!!
Grill on baby, Grill on!!!, Do you feel like you are in a London Fog this morning?  Well stop by Thwaites, grab a Pork Pie and you will really feel like you are there!!!
Cheers, Ohh yeah BABY!!!, Where are your Pies traveling to this Columbus Day Weekend??, Now that's a delicious looking order!!!, What would make you feel better on a morning like this?
I don't know if you know this but
Thwaites Pies will make ya JUMP JUMP!!!, Good Morning from Thwaites!!!!, The beginnings of baking Family-style Chicken Pies!!!, Happy October 1st, Happy Monday
Now, lets get this oven rolling BABY!!!, Wow, we are loaded with Salads, Soup and Gorton Baby!!!!, Take on this rainy day with a Pork Pie and your favorite coffee in hand!!!
Cheers, Our Pie Case is loaded with delicious Fall Comfort Foods that will keep you nice and warm on a cold, rainy day!!
Cheers!, Captain Ken has left evidence all over the table... Carrot Peels, looks like some Homemade Chicken Soup is in the works for today!!!, PAC Man meet Pork Pie!!!, Check out these Medium Style Chicken Pies!!! Perfect meal for a Cold Fall night!, It is BRISK out there this morning! What a perfect start for some warm, delicious Comfort Food!!!, It is the first day of Fall. . . So FALL into Thwaites, and we will pick ya right back up with warm, delicious Pies (and don't forget to get your meats for the GRILL)!!!, Are you having Coffee and a Pork Pie for breakfast?  I think so!!!, "Here's lookin' at you, kid!", Why not have some Tea and Shortbread on this dreary day!!!, What would your ULTIMATE Pie be? 
Ready
Set
GO!!!, Mmm to Egg Omelettes and Scotch Eggs Baby!!!, It is COLD out there this morning! Come in and grab a Pie to keep you WARM!!!, Are you pulling out the Charcoal Grill and Tailgating tomorrow?  If so load up on Steaks, Chicken, and Italian Sausage and be sure to take in that amazing smell.  When people walk by and ask "Hey, where did you get that meat?" You just smile back and say "I got it at Thwaites Baby!!!"
Oh Yeah... GO PATRIOTS, Happy 83rd Birthday to the Birthday GAL BARBARA!!!!, Yummy Egg Omelettes are in the process of being made!!!, We have some Hamburg And Onion, Tomato Sausage and Salmon Pies rollin' through the oven!!!, God Bless America, Fall is FINALLY in the air this morning, so stay warm with a HOT Pie right out of the oven!!! Mmm Mmm Baby!!!, Nan and Abbey keeping a close eye on the Oven!!!, We have so much to do today, we don't even know where to get started!!! Pies, Pies and more Pies Baby!!!, Now that's a pretty Deli Platter... Happy Friday everyone!!!!, Lets see how fast we can climb up to 2,ooo Likes on Facebook. . . Ready, set, GO!!!, Our Pies are rockin' and rollin' for you!!!, Pssst. . . IT'S KENNY'S BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!
So get in here, grab a Pie for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner; and be sure to wish Kenny a very Happy Birthday!!!, We hope you have an amazing Labor Day Weekend... Have fun, be safe, enjoy your Delicious Foods and we will see you on Tuesday!!!!, Are you ready to enjoy this Labor Day Weekend?  Well your Grill is too... So load it up with Thwaites's juicy Steaks, Chicken and Sausage.  Your Family, Friends and your Grill will thank you!!!

So it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Attention!  The Chicken Pie Sale is OFFICIALLY over. . . You all ROCK, thank you!!!, Uh oh, looks like we baked too many Pies!
Buy 6 Cold Chicken Pies get 2 FREE!, Check out these Homemade Baked Beans!!!, There is a hint of FALL in the air this morning!!! So stop by with you favorite HOT beverage, grab a Pie and enjoy it out on the Wall!!!, It is going to be a HOT one today. . . So come in early, grab some lunch and take the rest of the afternoon off with us!!!, What a PERFECT morning for some delicious COMFORT FOOD!!!, Did YOU know
We are recommended on Tripadvisor!!!
Did YOU know 
Thwaites Market also has crazy amounts of AWESOME reviews on Yelp!!!
Let us know what you like (LOVE) about the Store, and PLEASE let us know if there is anything that we can improve on!!!
We love our amazing customers and we also love your feedback!, Here is Barbara taking out the Pigs n' Blankets!!! Try them with a little bit of Maple Syrup... So GOOD!!!, Getting ready to make Pigs n' Blankets!!!, Here is a bit of Store Trivia!
Where is this picture hanging and do you know who painted it???, Did we mention that we have Chocolate-Dipped Shortbread???, Wow there is a little chill in the air this morning!!! Stop by with  your FAVORITE Hot Drink, grab a Pie and enjoy your breakfast!!!, Our Pies are rolling for YOU!!!, Here is a little video done by the Methuen Channel, enjoy!!, Happy Monday to you!!
We sure know that these guys aren't going hungry!!!, Who is excited that it is the weekend?!? We sure are!!! The oven is rollin', Pies are being pressed and Patties/Sliders are being made!
We will for sure see you in here!!!, It is going to be a HOT one today baby!!!  Don't worry we'll have the AC blowin' in the Store all day!!!, The Ladies are preparing delicious Egg Omelette Pies this morning!!!, What a PERFECT day for Homemade comfort food!! Grab a Pie, a blanket and your favorite movie; and just relax!!!, It is an early start at Thwaites today!  The stove top is loaded with boiling Chicken, Potatoes and what looks to be the start of delicious Chop Suey!!! Stop in and say "Hi"
Cheers, What are you having for dinner?, Why did the Chicken Pie cross the road. . .?, Come and get your Hamburg Patties, Hotdogs, Steak and so much more!!!
You know what time it is!!!, Say "Hi" to Andrew while he is pricing up Macaroni Salad!!!, Check out these Frank n' Bean Pies before we cover them up!!!, Come in and get your Homemade Beans!!!!, Where have your Pies gone??
Also a bit of morning trivia, where is this sign hanging in the Store??, Check out Matt grinding out Pork Sausage Meat, that will soon be turned into. . . Pork Sausage!!!, Our Pies are getting ready to roll through the oven this morning!!!, Who is ready to watch some FOOTBALL this week, all of us at Thwaites are makin', bakin', and getting ready for some GRILLIN'!!!, Pigs n' Blankets, Pies and Eggs. . .Oh my!!, It is going to be a HOT one today baby!!! There is no turning on your ovens and stoves, simply come in and grab some pies for your family dinner!!!, Go for the GOLD with Thwaites Sliders!!!, We are rolling the ovens early today, come in and get your PIE on!!!, What has been your FAVORITE part about the 2012 London Olympics so far?, How about some more Scotch Eggs an Savory Ducks for the London Olympics!!!!, What do you have a craving for this morning???, This is going to be a perfect night for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, There is a little chill in the air this morning, stop by for a warm, delicious Pie!!!, Go Team USA!!!
USA USA USA!!!, We are recommended on Tripadvisor!!! Thank you!!!, Have you got all your English Delicacies together to celebrate the 2012 London Olympics?
From Pork Pies to Scotch Eggs and Pigs n' Blankets, be sure to call in your order 978-683-2429, Start your day the Thwaites Market way. . . Grab a Pork Pie, put a little bit of Worcestershire Sauce on it, and enjoy!!!
Cheers, Have you got all your English Delicacies together to celebrate the 2012 London Olympics?
From Pork Pies to Scotch Eggs and Pigs n' Blankets, be sure to call in your order 978-683-2429 (we close at Noon today)
Cheers!!!, It is going to be HOT in our kitchen today!!!  
So stay cool in the Store, or better yet, grab some pies and a drink and enjoy them out on the wall!!!, Mmm Egg Omelette!!!, It's raining
It's pouring
The old man is . . . Eating an Egg Omelette Pie from Thwaites!!!
Have a great, rainy morning!!!, What a perfect weekend for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!! Load up on Thwaites's Steak Tips, Chicken and Sausage! You and your family won't go hungry this weekend!!!, What a perfect weekend for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!! Load up on Thwaites's Steak Tips, Chicken and Sausage!  You and your family won't go hungrey this weekend!!!, Tell me those don't look good! Thwaites's Patties and Sliders!!! Yum!, We are making Pigs n' Blankets today!!!, Let's see what Ken says!
What are your thoughts on Thwaites Market having a Pie Eating Contest?, What are you grilling tonight? Try our delicious, Boneless Sirloins!!! Mmm Mmm so tasty!, Summer Sizzler is officially over!!! You are all the best!!!, We are having a SUMMER SIZZLER SALE!!!
Buy 6 of ANY COLD Pies, get any 2 FREE!!!
Cold, Individual Pies only... While supPIES last! 

Yes Folks, we know how clever we are with our play on words!!, There is NO turning your ovens on today people! It is going to be way too hot out there!  So stop by for some Deli Meats to throw on a sandwhich, or a few Pies, or maybe even pick between Chicken Salads!!!

Stay Cool, Cheers!, What are you having for dinner?, Holy Cow it is going to be a HOT one today!!  Per Thwaites Market, you are to take the rest of the day off.  So stop by the Store, grab some pies and a few drinks, and head to your favorite Summer time spot!!!

Simply relax and enjoy!  Cheers, Ok, we need your help!  I used to be able to load pictures of the Store right on to our Facebook page from my phone(under Thwaites Market's name).  Last week, Facebook (or my phone) changed that feature, and I am not able to upload pictures under Thwaites Market's name...  Who can help us!!!, Starts your Grills early today, it is going to be a HOT one!!!, Mmm Cran-Walnut vs Plain
What is your favorite Chicken Salad?, The start of another fabulous baking day has begun!!
Stop by and see what we are up to!!!, Did you get your Shortbread today?, How do you like our new sign?!? Where do you think we should hang this amazing piece of work?

Courtesy of George Hoffman!!, The making of a Tourtière Pie!!, It's Pie Time Baby!!!, THE COLD CHICKEN PIE SALE IS OVER!!!
Your grilling weekend is just getting started!!!
It's time for you to. . ., Well it's your lucky day!
Buy SIX Cold Chicken Pies, get TWO Cold Chicken Pies FREE!!!
Limited time offer!!!, Customers of week, grabbin' pies all the way from North Carolina!!!!, Wow we have so much going on today, 
we don't even know where to get started!!!
One thing is for sure. . . Pies, pies and more pies baby!!!, God Bless America, have an amazing Fourth of July everyone!!!, Where are you going this Fourth of July? What ever you do, be sure to stop by the store and grab some Pies, Salads and Meats to load your grill up with...
So for this Fourth of July it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, God Bless America, Thwaites Pies will make ya. . . JUMP JUMP!!!, We have SALADS!!!!!, It is going to be a HOT one this Weekend!!!
It is time to load up your grill with delicious Steaks, Sausages, Chicken and SO MUCH MORE!!
Your Family, Friends and your Grill will thank you!!!, A little thunder and lightening can't scare our Pie Makers!!!, Are you ready for your Forth of July festivities???, The Pie Sale is OFFICIALLY over!!! 
You guys are the best!!, Well lucky for you... We baked too many pies yesturday!!!
Buy Six COLD Pork or COLD Chicken, 
get Two COLD Pork or COLD Chicken FREE!!!, Roast Beef? Yes please!!!, Nan is loading up the back of the oven for YOU!!!, What is your FAVORITE Pie to eat on chilly Summer days?, What are we up to now?!! 
Buffalo Chicken Pasta Salad!!!!, Chili baby!!!, Wow, it is chilly out there this morning!  Stop by with your favorite, warm drink in hand and grab a pie for breakfast!!

Cheers to you, Stop by and get some fresh Corn on the Cob!! Yum, It's raining
It's pouring
The Old Man . . . Eating a Pork Pie?!!!

Come in and get your rainy day, comfort food from Thwaites!, You know it is OFFICIALLY Summer, 
when Thwaites has Corn on the Cob!!!, Have a Thwaites Market kind of a Sunday... Relax and enjoy!!!, Everybodys grilling for the weekend!!!, Now that is a good lookin' case!!!, Scotch Eggs and Pigs n' Blankets!, Start your day the Thwaites Market way!
Have a Pork Pie with a little bit of Worcestershire Sauce on the top!
Mmm GOOD

Cheers, Makin' and Bakin' (literally!!!) all day long baby!!!
Don't worry, we will find a way to keep cool in the kitchen. . .
The AC will be on FULL BLAST for you in the Store!!!, It is going to be a HOT one today folks!! There is no putting the oven on and eating a roast, NO!  Today is where you buy a nice juicy Steak, slap it on the grill and say "it's time for me to get my grill on!"

Cheers, Are you sinuses acting up?  
Well stop by the store.
Get yourself a Pie and some Steaks for the grill!  
They wont clear your sinuses, but your stomach will be full!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight???, We are off to another fantastic day of Makin' and Bakin' all day long baby!!!, You all are seriously the BEST people ever... We had such an amazing day today!  And to all of you who waited some 20 minutes for your pies, we thank you so much!!!, It is going to be a GORGEOUS Father's Day Weekend, and what are you getting Dad?  How about a gift certificate to Thwaites?  Better yet, hows about grilling him up a nice, juicy, perfectly cut piece of steak just for him!!!

It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Yummie baby!!!, Thwaites Pies will make ya JUMP JUMP, Don't forget to ask about our new selection of Vermont Signature Sauces.  A perfect pairing to any of our Steaks or Chicken!!!, It's Always Sunny in Thwaites Market. . . Yeah Baby!!!
Did I mention that we have LOADS of PIES baking today?, What a great day it is to enjoy your favorite comfort foods. . . 
So stop by with your raincoats and grab yourselves a hot pie!!!

Remember, we close at noontime today, cheers, "Your pies are like Heaven on a plate!"
Thank you!!!, So, we are thinking about taking a ride to Carlos Bakery (ya know, Cake Boss!) If we are able to bring some foods for Buddy to sample, what do you suggest we bring?, We hope you all had a wonderful weekend, 
now it is back to Makin' and Bakin'!!!
We will be here all day long baby
So stop by, say "hi" and grab a pie!!!, All right, Barbara "Nana" Greenwood has just spoken!  She said "what a great weekend for a Barbeque."  You heard it here first, so stop by Thwaites and GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, null, Wow, there is so much to do today, we don't even know where to get started!!!, null, Do you feel like you are in a London Fog this morning? Well get into Thwaites and you will REALLY feel like you are there!!!
Cheers, null, What do you do to jazz up your Chicken Pie (the pub pie)?
Here is what some of us do at the store
Using a fork, take off the top crust (not the outer edge)
Take your favorite mayonnaise, and add just a small spoonful to the chicken
Give it a quick mix and there you have it, a Chicken Barbeque Pie!!!, Our Facebook Customer Appeciation Day is STILL ON!!!
Today when you mention Facebook
With the purchase of six Pies, you get one FREE!!!, Because of ALL of you, we FINALLY hit 1,000 likes on Facebook
So when you come into the store today or tomorrow, mention Facebook...
With the purchase of six Pies, you get one FREE!!!

Keep the Likes coming people!!!!, What a PERFECT Comfort-Food type of Weekend!!!
Luckily for you, Thwaites can provide you with copious amounts of mouth-watering food...
From Chicken Soup, Salads and Individual Pies
To Beans, Slow-cooked Steak Tips and Family-Style Pies
We have an ENDLESS supply of Comfort-Food for you!!!, What are you GRILLIN' this weekend?!?!, Did you know that we have a freezer solely dedicated to Frozen Sausage?
Come and check it out, all the sausage that you see in there is $1.00 off per pound!!!, Yeah Baby, the ovens are rolling, Pies are being made and Scotch Eggs are getting baked!!! Come in and see what fun we are up to!
Cheers!!, The Shortbread has landed!!!, Chop Suey? You better believe it!!!, We hope you all enjoyed your long, Memorial Day Weekend, but now it is back to the GRIND!! So stop in with your favorite coffee, and grab a pie on your way to work this morning!!!, Thank you to all who have fought for us
God Bless, We hope you all have an amazing, long weekend... Enjoy the fun in the sun, be safe and have a DELICIOUS Memorial Day Weekend!!!, This weekend is the unofficial start to Summer, it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, Thwaites would like to Shout Out a BIG CONGRATULATIONS to UMass Lowell Graduates!!! 
Especially to Samantha (Greenwood) Kay, she is Kenny and Cindy's baby and we are all so proud of you!!!!, We love Inn at the Crossroads!
You people are absolutely amazing, and Thwaites wishes you the BEST of luck with your new cookbook!! CHEERS, Alright! The oven is rolling, Pies are being pressed and the Meatcase looks DELICIOUS!!!
Get in here and prepare for this Memorial Day Weekend!, Ok here goes...
If anyone successfully delivers a box of pies to Adam Sandler and Kevin James on the set of Grown Ups 2, you will get 8 FREE PIES!
YOU MUST GET A PICTURE OF IT!!! 
While your at it, try and get them to come to the Store!!, If anyone spots two men by the name of Adam Sandler and Kevin James in the Lowell area, tell them to stop by Thwaites on their lunch break!!!, Are you getting ready for a graduation party??? 
No, we don't cater but we can help you get it all together!
From appitizers to finger sandwhiches to burgers and hotdogs
You will throw an amazing and delicious party!!, Mmm is there anything better than a Family-Style Tourtiere Pie for dinner on this rainy night?!!
Yes, they are hot off the oven!!!, It's raining
It's pouring
The old man is. . .
He is chowing down on a Pork Pie from Thwaites!!!, It is going to be a GORGEOUS day today! 
We strongly advise you to call in sick, stop by for some Pies and Meats and head to your favorite picnic/grilling spot!!! 
Your bosses really wont mind!!, We hope you all have a sun-drenched Weekend!!!, If you haven't grilled yet, it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!
Load it up with Our Steaks, Chicken, Italian Sausage and so much more!
Your grill will thank you, CHEERS!!!, There is a little chill in the air this morning!  Stop by with your favorite, hot beverage in hand, and grab a HOT Pie for breakfast!!
Cheers, Holy COW! We have so much going on today, we don't even know where to start!! The Pies are rolling, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks are bakin', and we have loads of salads being made!!!
Cheers!, Wow we are so close to having 1000 People follow us on Facebook, you guys are the BEST!!!

Remember, we close at Noontime today so get in here early before we sell out of Hot, Delicious Pies!!!, The Pies are rolling, our Meatloaf and Scotch Eggs are happily baking and our Meatcase looks AMAZING!
Stop by and see what we have going on in here!!!, How about grabbing some Italian Sausage for dinner tonight?!! Grill it up, make the outside nice and crispy, and throw it in a sub!! Mmm now that's what I'm talking about!!!, Are you having the breakfast of champions this cloudy morning?  
Pork Pies, Chicken Pies and Egg Omelettes are on their way!!!, Thank you everyone, it is amazing to have so many people who really care about us!!!

Alright! Are you ready for the WEEKEND!!! It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, Due to the loss of a true Thwaites
We will be closed Friday (11th) Morning, 
for the funeral and will reopen Friday (11th) at 1:00PM
We apologize for any inconvenience 
Thwaites Market, Due to the loss of a true Thwaites
We will be closed Friday (11th) Morning, 
for the funeral and will reopen Friday (11th) at 1:00PM
We apologize for any inconvenience 
Thwaites Market, We are deeply sorry for any inconvenience we may cause, we will be closed tomorrow morning.  We will reopen tomorrow afternoon at 1:00pm
Thank you for your understanding, Alright, the oven is rolling, the pies are on and we are ready to go!!! Come in and hang out with us on this rainy kind of a day!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight? 
Try our marinated Steak tips (cut up into bite-size pieces) and cook them in your frying pan!
Cook them on med- low and slow, the pieces begin to caramelize and the taste is unbelievable!!!, We close at noontime today! So come in early before the Pies are GONE!!!!, Ahh It's raining Pork Pies and Scotch Eggs!!!, Brr, it's a chilly start today!  Swing by with your favorite HOT beverage and grab a pie for this mornings breakfast!!!, We hope you all are enjoying this GORGEOUS Sunday!!!
Cheers, What are you grilling this weekend?  
Try our Marinated Steak Tips, or perhaps our Italian Sausage.
Better yet, why don't you just throw a big ol' piece of Steak on there!!!
Cheers, Alright! We are rolling today Baby!!!, Shepherd's Pie for dinner. . . We think so!!!, Brr, it is a little chilly out there this morning!!  Stop by with your coffee and grab yourself a delicious Pie for breakfast!!
I do hear it is the breakfast of champions!!!, The Oven is on a roll already!!
Come in early and don't forget, we close at Noontime today!!!, Scotch Eggs are going in the oven shortly, the Pies are on a roll already and the Meatcase is filled with delicious Steaks, Sausages and so much more!!
Come in and see what we are up to!!
Cheers, Come in and grab a warm, delicious snack to help with this dreary afternoon!!!, It's raining
It's pouring
The old man is. . . Well, it looks like he is eating a Pork Pie!!!, . . . Hot Chicken Soup right off the stove, come and get it!!!, This weekend is going to be a Great weekend for COMFORT FOOD!  Whether it is Pies, Bangers and Mashed Potatoes or Slow-Cooked Steak Tips.  Stop by Thwaites and we will help you make something warm and delicious (to keep you warm and cozy)!!!, It's Sausage Day Baby!! We are making loads of it today, and we hope you throw loads of it on your Grill tonight!!!
From Pork and Tomato Bangers to FOUR different kinds of Italian Sausage, your grill is calling for all of it.
It's time for you to . . . You already know what I am going to say!, Are you getting ready for Graduation Parties?  If so, let Thwaites help you.  No, we don't do catering, but we make Coldcut Platters that look gorgeous and taste even better!  Also try our Plain and Cran-Walnut Chicken Salads, they are great as little finger sandwhiches!!!, Alright, the ovens are rolling early today!!
Stop by with your favorite morning drink, grab a pie and enjoy your breakfast in the parking lot!!!, A Fresh Batch of Shortbread is out and ready to go!!!, Come and GET'EM!!!
Savory Ducks and Scotch Eggs BABY!!!, Ohh Yum, the Egg Omelette Pies are being made as we speak!!!, It is way too hot to make anything for dinner tonight.  So stop by Thwaites, get yourself a pie and head up to the beach!!!, Grab your Patriots' Day Pies and get ready to celebrate this Boston Holiday/Marathon Monday!!!, Do you hear that?  It's your grill asking you kindly to load it up with meats from Thwaites Market this weekend.  It is going to be warm and sunny, and your grill is telling you that it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Start your morning off right.
Grab a Pork Pie and jazz it up with a little bit of Worcestershire Sauce!!, The birds are chirping, the oven is rolling and the smell of Pies are flowing in the Spring air!!
Per orders of Thwaites Market, you may call in sick to work to enjoy the weather!!!, Alright, the oven is rolling and the Sausage is being made!  
We close at Noon time today.  Come in early so you can enjoy the afternoon off with us!!, Homemade Chicken Soup, right off the stove. . . You know you want it for dinner tonight!!, Alright, alright! The Pork Pie Sale is OFFICIALLY over!
Be sure to stop by and grab a delicious Pie for your Lunch!!, Breakfast is served, Scotch Eggs and Egg Omelette Pies are out!!!

Yes, the sale is still on baby!!!, Uh Oh, guess what we did. . . We cooked too many pies and you know what that means!!
Buy six cold Pork Pies, get two cold Pork Pies FREE
Limited time offer while Pies last!!!, Alright our Pie Towers are fully loaded, and the Meat Case is looking GOOD Baby!
Stop by and see what we are up to!!, Todays Agenda
Make Pies
Bake Pies
All day long Baby!!, From our family to yours,
may you have a very Happy Easter filled with family, friends and delicious food!!!, Oh no! You haven't picked up your Easter Ham yet? 
Have no worries, stop by Thwaites and we will help you pick out the best, most delicious Ham to serve to your family this Easter!!, Meatloafs are in, Pies are rolling and Sausage is being made!
Stop by and see what we are up to today!!!
Cheers to you, Alright, alright! The Pies are rolling on out of the oven.  Salads are being made, and Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks will be out around 9:30 this morning!!, Do you use www.tripadvisor.com?
Well Thwaites Market is OFFICIALLY on there! We just need to get some reviews and pictures up there and it will look great!!!, Order your FRESH KIELBASA for Easter Sunday!  We also will be carrying a selection of Hams, some Lamb and (of course) RAISIN SAUCE!!!, Are you looking for an easy meal to prepare for tonight's dinner?  Try Thwaites Market's Homemade Chicken Soup!
So good, just ask, Mmm Mmm, Egg Omelette Pies will be out at 8:30!!
It is one Egg with Sharp Cheese, Ham and Broccolli
So Good, The ovens are rolling early on this dreary morning.  Come by with your favorite hot beverage in hand, and grab a pie for breakfast!!

Cheers to you, What do you LOVE about Thwaites Market, Behind the scenes!!!, Thwaites Pies will make you JUMP JUMP!!!
Keep it up you lyrical geniuses, and don't forget to . . .
Stop by
Say Hi
and Grab a Pie!!!, We have had so many newbies come in today, and we have all of you to thank for spreading the word!!!, Who is ready for their Easter Dinner?  If not have no fear, Thwaites Market is here to help!!  
Call in your orders @978-683-2429, null, Yes it is still early this morning, but what are your thoughts on dinner tonight?
What is your favorite thing to do with our fresh Peppersteak?, Don't forget to vote for us!!
http://www.mvmag.net/ 
, Our Chicken Soup will be ready at about 10:00!!, Brr!! It is absolutely FREEZING out there this morning!  Get in here and stay warm with a delicious pie, or perhaps a container of Homemade Chicken Soup (yes we will warm it up for you if you would like)!!!, So the Merrimach Valley Magazine is having a Reader's Choice Award, people can vote in catagories such as "best landscaper" "best spa" etc.  Will you please vote for Thwaites Market?
Go under FOOD and click on Bakery.  A drop box will appear with a list of Bakeries, click OTHER and simply type in Thwaites Market
http://www.mvmag.net/ 
, Stop by with your favorite coffee in hand, and grab a pie right off the oven!  It will keep you warm and toasty on a day like this!!, The Meatcase is FULLY loaded and our Pies are in the heaters.  They are patiently waiting for YOUR arrival!!!, The question for today is. . .  What does everyone think about our Corned Beef and/or Corned Ribs?, Where have you brought our Pies?, Do you know what time it is? It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!! Colder weather is coming this weekend, so get your grilling in tonight!!!

Your grill will thank you, We are making loads of our delicious Sausage, 
and baking loads of our amazing Pies!
Remember, we close at Noontime today!!!, It is going to be a gorgeous day! Per Thwaites Market you may call in sick to work, stop by for a pie, go to your favorite Spring Time spot and enjoy the day!!!, Do you have your dinner planned?  Stop by and we will help you make something!!, We hope you all enjoyed your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs over the weekend!  We sure had a blast this past week and we absolutely have you all to thank for it!!!, We hope you all have an amazing St Patrick's Day!  
Remember, everyone is Irish on St Patrick's Day!!!, Yes we still have Corned Beef available! Your best option is to get here as soon as possible!!!, HOLY CORNED BEEF AND CORNED RIBS!!, Barbara Greenwood would like to say a BIG "Thank you" to everyone who prayed for her these past few weeks!  She is a tough woman and is doing 100% better!  So to all of her dear friends and great customers, she (and we all at the store) says thank you from the bottom of her heart!!, Irish Proverb:
May the road always rise up to meet you, 
may Corned Beef always be on your plate, Our Pies are so jealous that the Corned Beef and Corned Ribs are getting all the attention this week!!!, The question is. . .  Do you have your Corned Beef??, Scotch Eggs and Pigs n' Blankets are out!!!, Holy Cow we are going to have such a great day, I don't even know what to post!!!, Oh Danny Boy
The pipes, the pipes are calling
They say to order your Corned Beef from Thwaites for St. Patrick's Day!!!, It is going to be a gorgeous day! Per Thwaites Market you may call in sick to work, stop by for a pie, go to your favorite Spring Time spot and enjoy the day!!!

Don't forget to order your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs!!!, Stop by
Say Hi
and grab a Pie, Scotch Eggs and Savory Ducks are out people!!!, Oh Boy!! 
The ovens are rolling early, 
we are off to another fabulous day of Makin' and Bakin'!!!, When Irish eyes are smiling. . .  It's because they went to Thwaites and got their Corned Beef and Corned Ribs!!!, Oh Danny Boy the pies
the pies are calling. . . 
They are telling you to come to Thwaites and get your Corned Beef!!!, Chicken Soup is on the stove, grab a hot container for your lunch!!!, Winter has FINALLY arrived!!! I know some of you are not excited about this, but stop by Thwaites, grab a hot pie and enjoy watching the little white flakes fall!!!, Stop by, say Hi and grab a pie!! Mmm good!!!, We are back to another fabulous week of Makin' and Bakin'!!! 
Don't forget to call your orders in for St Patrick's Day
978-683-2429, The Weekend is upon us baby! You know what that means, it's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!  
Stop by Thwaites and stock up on your Marinated Steak Tips, Chicken and four different kinds of Italian Sausage and throw your grill a little party!!!, Thwaites Market's Chicken Soup, it's not fancy but it sure tastes good!!!, The Pies are on, the Beans are slowly cooking and the Beef is being Corned!!!  Take a step inside and see what we are up to!!, Get your Corned Beef and Corned Rib orders in EARLY! It is never too early to start prepping for your St Patrick's Day festivities!!!, What would your slogan be for Thwaites Market??, Yes we are open all day today for Presidents Day!!!  Come in and grab some Delicious Pies!!!, We are here waiting for you!!!, I know you all are really concerned and worried, but there is NO need!!! FOR WE WILL BE OPEN TO CELEBRATE PRESIDENTS DAY!!!, The weekend is here, so why don't you GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Steak and Kidney Pies, put your order in before they are gone!!!, The Egg Omelets are out!! Get'em quick before someone else does!!!, The Weekend is upon us baby!!!  What will you be coming home to for dinner tonight?, Oh Boy Corned Beef Season is upon us!!!, Meatloaf is in the oven, the Shortbread is out, our Pies are in the heaters awaiting your arrival!!!, Uh Oh. . . Hot Chicken Soup right off the Stove!!!, What an ungly morning it is out there! Cheer up with your favorite coffee and a Thwaites Pie for breakfast!!!, Suprise your Special Valentine with a homemade dinner!!  Slow-cooked Steak tips that will melt in your mouth, or Chicken/Steak Stir-fry with Cormier Gold Marinade!! The possibilities are endless. . . And Delicious!!!

Happy Valentines Day Everyone!!!, We are off to another fabulous day of Makin' and Bakin'!!!  Come in and see what is going on!!, We have Scotch Eggs . . . AND PIGS N' BLANKETS!!!, Alright, alright! Get ready for all the "snow" that is coming!  You will need all the essentials like shovels, gloves, hats ect.  Most IMPORTANTLY, don't forget your Chicken or Steak for the Slow Cooker, your Italian Sausage to bake in the Oven or your pies that will be gone before you even get them home!!!, Hot Chicken Soup, fresh off the stove!!!, Oh Boy oh boy, we have the ovens going early today baby!!!  Come and grab a HOT Pie for breakfast today!!, . . .and all the Cornish Pies are gone already!!!, CORNISH PIES. . .  That is all I am going to say, Good Morning to all of our customers!!, St Patty's Day is right around the corner!!!!, . . . And Scotch Eggs are out, Get 'em while they are HOT, We are off to another fabulous day of Makin' and Bakin', What are you having for dinner tonight?!?, Dear Patriots Fans
Please come in and join us for some delicious comfort food that will hopefully take your mind off the game last night, It's football time baby!!! Get your grills on and go PATRIOTS!!!!, The Big question is. . .  ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL????  Stop by Thwaites and grab all your grilling gear, for it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!  
Marinated Steak Tip-Check
Chicken-Check
Italian Sausage-Check
PIES-Ohhh absolutely!!!, Brr, the air is BRISK this morning!!!  Stay warm with your favorite hot beverage and a toasty-warm Pie!!!, Come and get your dinner!!!, Oh Boy, oh boy!!! The Superbowl is right around the corner baby!!! Do you have all the essentials for your party? 

We strongly encourage the use of grills this weekend!!!, Come in and grab your food early! We close at Noon time today and we have a tendency of running out of our pies EARLY!!!, What is your FAVORITE go to pie???, Mmm Homemade Chicken Soup, right off the stove!!!, And we are off to yet another fabulous week of Makin' and Bakin'!!! Stop by and see what is in store!!!, Who is grilling tonight!!!, How many times have you gone into the refrigerator to heat up that one last pie, and you find that someone has already got a hold of it?  Don't let that happen to you! Thwaites Market is here for you!!!  Stock up on all your favorite pies. . .  AND your Chicken, Steaks and Sausage!!!!, Thwaites Pies will make you JUMP JUMP!!!, It's raining, it's pouring the old man is. . . Eating Thwaites's Homemade Chicken Soup!!!  So good, just ask, The Sale is OFFICIALLY over!!! You guys are the best!!!  
Don't forget to pick up your Homemade Chicken Soup, Steaks, Pies and Shortbread!!!, The Sale is STILL ON BABY!!!
BUY 6 COLD PORK OR CHICKEN PIES, Get two COLD PIES OF YOUR CHOICE FOR FREE!! It is your choice of ANY TWO cold pies!!!

Limited Time Offer, while Pies last!!!, We have a MAJOR announcement!!! BUY 6 COLD PORK OR CHICKEN PIES, Get two COLD PIES OF YOUR CHOICE FOR FREE!! It is your choice of ANY TWO cold pies!!!

Limited Time Offer, while Pies last!!!, Our pies are PATIENTLY waiting for you to come in and enjoy them!!!, Are you having a party in the near future?  Call us for your Cold Cut Party Platters! They look amazing and taste even better!!!, What are YOU having for dinner!!!, Enjoy the morning Flurries with a hot pie!!, GO PATRIOTS!!!, It's looking like Winter out there now baby!! Come in early and grab all the essentials for making YOUR favorite comfort food!!!, Thwaites's Chicken Soup. . .  So good, just ask, Scotch Eggs are fresh out of the oven!!! Come and get'em, The oven is rolling early today baby!!!, Mmm Large Family-Style Chicken Pies are fresh out of the oven. . ., Are you looking for something warm, delicious and quick for supper tonight? Come in and try some of our Homemade Chicken Soup!!! So good, just ask!!, What is your favorite breakfast?!?, We close at Noon today!!!  Come in early and grab all the essentials for dinner!!!, We have Hot Chicken Soup right off the stove top!!!, Today's agenda
Make Pies
Bake Pies
All day long baby!!!, Holy cow it is so cold this morning!!!  Come in with your favorite coffee or hot chocolate, grab a pie and have a toasty warm breakfast!!!, It is time for you to get your TAILGATING ON!!!  Load up your grills with Marinated Steak Tips, Chicken and every kind of Italian Sausage!! Everyone will be asking you "Hey where did you get this stuff?"  You'll smile back and say "I got it at Thwaites Baby!!!"

GO PATRIOTS!!!, Shortbread by Abbey Elizabeth is back! You can find it at your local, well your ONLY Thwaites Market!!!, null, It finally looks like Winter out there, and what better to eat than comfort food! Try some Slow-cooked Steak Tips or Roasted Chicken, Mmm mmm so good!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight!?!, A fresh, new batch of Homemade Chicken Soup is hot off the oven!!!, Start your day the Thwaites Market way with a warm, delicious Pork Pie with some Worcestershire Sauce lightly poured on top!!!, Are you looking for something warm, delicious and quick for supper tonight?  Come in and try some of our Homemade Chicken Soup!!!  So good, just ask!!, Off to another fantastic day of Makin' and Bakin'!!!, It is NEVER too cold for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!  Fire it up and keep it covered with Steaks, Chicken, Sausage and Marinated Steak Tips!!! Mmm Good BABY!!!, Did you try our Chicken Soup?  If so, how did you like it?!, Scotch Eggs are already out! We are ready for you!!!, Our Pies are patiently sitting here, just waiting for you to pick them up!!!, Wow, we have lost our marbles!!!  Thwaites Market's very own Chicken Soup is now on sale!!!, . . . And Hot Scotch Eggs will be out early this morning!!! YUMMY!!!, Brrr, it is absolutely FREEZING out today!!!  Come in and stay warm with a Hot, Delicious Pie for breakfast!!!, We are off to a new year here at Thwaites Market, and we really can't thank you enough for helping us become what we are today... So here is to you for 2012, may it be fill with Corned Beef, Pork Pies, Gorton and so much more!!!, We are closing at 4:00 this Afternoon, and we will see you on Tuesday!!!
We hope you all have a fabulous New Years, and may you have much health and happiness through out the year!!!, New Years Special!!! 
Whole Tenderloins: Originally $14.99/LB Are Now $10.99/LB (Cutting is Extra)
Delmonico Roast: Originally $11.99/LB Are Now $9.99/LB, New Years Special!!!  
Whole Tenderloins: Originally $14.99/LB Are Now $10.99/LB (Cutting is Extra)
Delmonico Roast: Originally $11.99/LB Are Now $9.99/LB, Are you all set to bring in the New Year??  Use our pies as appitizers!  Take any one of our Idividual Pies, quarter them and then serve on a decorative platter!! (It helps if you lay each quartered piece on the crust side, that way everyone can see what is in it!!!), Come in and see what we have in our FREEZERS!!!  We have Pies, Sausage and much more at a discounted price!!!, We have been so busy today, I haven't even been able to put up a new status!!! Have a great afternoon everyone!!!, Rise and Shine Everyone!!! We hope you all had a Fantastic Christmas and a Happy Holiday! Don't forget to stop by and get your refrigerator ready for the New Year!!!, We at Thwaites Market, would like to wish you and yours a Very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!, We Close at 3:00 This Afternoon!  Come by and grab some pies, meats and Gift Certificates all you last minute shoppers!!!, We had a record breaking day today, and we would like to thank all of you so much!!! We'll see ya in the mornin'!, COME AND GET 'EM!!! Pork Pies, Chicken Pies and Meats GALORE!!!, Scotch Eggs, Savory Ducks and Pigs n' Blankets anyone!!!, Are you looking for ideas as to what to have for appitizers this Holiday Season?  Take any one of our Idividual Pies, quarter them and then serve on a decorative platter!!  (It helps if you lay each quartered piece on the crust side, that way everyone can see what is in it!!!), The oven is rolling early this morning! We are pressing out pies like champions!!!  It still isn't too late to put in your Christmas and Holiday Orders!!! 
Call us at 978-683-2429, It is the Monday before Christmas, are you still last minute shopping?  Don't forget about Christmas dinner though, it isn't too late to order!!!, All I want for Christmas is a Pork Pie, only an English Pork Pie will do. . . !!, One more week til Christmas Eve!!! 
Are you all set to wine and dine with your friends and family?  

Don't forget to call in your orders!!!
978-683-2429, Baby it's COLD outside!  Stop by for a pie, or just stand inside to take the chill off! We have to warn you though, it does smell AMAZING in here, so you won't be able to leave with out one!!!

Don't forget to call in your orders!!!
978-683-2429, We love our Twelve Day of Christmas!!!, Haha ok these are great so far!!!  I have to change it though!!! 
Lets see where you all go with this one! Twelve Days of Christmas for Thwaites!!!
On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me. . . A Pork Pie in a Pear Tree!!!, Lets see where you all go with this one!  Twelve Days of Christmas for Thwaites!!!
On the Twelth Day of Christmas 
My true love gave to me. . .  Twelve Original Pork Pies!!!, We have lots to do today and so little time!!! 
Remember, we close at 12:00 this afternoon!!!, Pie for dinner?!. . .  I think soo!!!, Have you ordered your roasts and pies yet?  It is not too late!  Give us a call and we can help you solve all of your Holiday food problems!!!

978-683-2429
www.thwaitesmarket.com, Brr. . . It is FREEZING out there this morning!  What is your favorite comfort food to eat to keep you warm?

www.thwaitesmarket.com
, Oh yah Baby! It is another fun filled day at Thwaites Market!!!, It is a CHILLY morning out there today!  Come in and stay warm with a delicious pie or two. . .  Or three!!!, If you could make a pie, what kind would it be?, If you could make a pie, what would it be?, It's raining, it's pouring the old man is . . . Eating a Nice Juicy Steak from Thwaites Market!, Remember, get your Pie and Meat Orders in early this Holiday Season!!!, We are back to another fabulous day of Makin' and Bakin'!!, The Sale is OVER!!!, We are having a sale!!!
Buy six Cold Pork or Cold Chicken Pies, get two FREE!!!, With all this fog, it looks as though we are in London today!  So start your day with a delicious Pork Pie!! Mmm so GOOD!, We hope you all have an amazing weekend!!!, We are back in action people! The power was out for a bit, but we have lights yet again!!! And pies, It's that time of the year!
Get your loved ones the "gift that keeps on giving the whole year" (name what movie that quote is from) 

Gift Certificates to Thwaites Market!!! Come in today and get your shopping started!!, It is time for you to GET YOUR PIE ON!!!, Mmm Savory Ducks and Scotch Eggs!!!, The sale is OFFICIALLY OVER!!!
We will be makin' and bakin' all day baby! Stop by and see what we have!, The Sale is STILL ON BABY!!!
Also, Christmas is right around the corner!  Get your orders in early!!!, The Sale is STILL ON BABY!!!
Buy Six Cold Pork or Cold Chicken Pies get two FREE!!!
Cold Pork and Chicken ONLY!!!, Guess what we did yesterday!?!

We baked too many pies!
Buy six COLD Pork or Chicken Pies, get two FREE!!!
Limited time offer while pies last, so hurry in!!!, And we are off to another fabulous day of Makin' and Bakin'!!, Are you doing anything fun this weekend?  Thwaites Market hopes you have a blast!!!, It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, On your mark, get set. . . GO SHOPPING!!! Grab a pie for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner! You need to stay strong so you can stand in line for hours at a time, hold ten shopping bags in each hand, and run through the malls like a Cheetah!!!

Happy Black Friday!!, We at Thwaites Market, would like to wish you and yours a wonderful and delicious Thanksgiving!!!, WE ARE OPEN UNTIL 2:00 THIS AFTERNOON!!!
Pies are already going through the oven
Orders are up
Get yourselves in here so you can enjoy a lovely Thanksgiving!!!, Makin' Bakin' and getting ready for Thanksgiving!!!
We will be open til 2:00 Tomorrow!!!, AHhH It is the MONDAY before Thanksgiving!!! Do you have everything on your shopping list?  
If not, we do!, Don't forget to stop by after Methuen's Santa Parade!!! It's going to be chilly out there so grab a Warm, Delicious Pie afterwards!!!, It is CHILLY out this morning!  Keep yourself warm with a drink from your favorite Coffee Shop and a Pie from your FAVORITE Pie Shop!!!, Mmm Homemade Beans fresh out of the cooker!!!, Makin' and Bakin' all day today baby!!!, Uh Ohhh!! English Stuffing, French Stuffing and Tourtiere are in the works for today!!!, Remember we close at Noontime today, but that doesn't mean we aren't Makin' and Bakin' all morning long!!!, We have Shepherds Pie PIES!!!!  We only have a few so come in early before they are gone!!!, Thanksgiving is right around the corner!!! 
Get your orders in early! Call 978-683-2429, Thanksgiving is right around the corner baby!!! 
Get your orders in early for
Fresh Turkeys
French and English Stuffing
And much MUCH more!!!, It's Saturday!!! Do you know what that means?  It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!  It is never to cold to have your grill running!  In fact, you keep it nice and warm when Thwaites Market's Steaks, Sausages and Chicken are covering it!!!, Thwaites Market would like to say Thank you to all the Men and Women who have served for the United States of America

Thank you Veterans, Put on your Rain Boats, and come grab some Pork Pies!!!, And . . .  We are back to makin' and bakin' already baby!!!, Remember to come in early today!!!
We close at Noon, so be sure to get your Pies and Steaks and enjoy the rest of the afternoon off with us!!!, The Buffalo Chicken Pies are back baby!!!  Come in and grab one before they are gone!!!, And we are off to another fabulous day of makin' and bakin'!!!, The Buffalo Pies are GONE!!! If you got one please let us know what you think of them!!!, Ring the alarm, we have a new pie baby!!! Wait for it...

BUFFALO CHICKEN PIE!!!! There are only a few so come in as soon as possible!!!, Start your day the Thwaites Market way!!!
Have a Pork Pie and pour a little Worcestershire Sauce on top of it! 
Man is that delicious!!!, Are you ready for some TAILGATING!!!  You aren't unless you have our Marinated Steak Tips, Italian Sausage, Sirloin Steaks and Essem (I repeat) Essam Hot Dogs BABY!!!
You will make EVERYONE at Foxboro jealous!!!, In a few minutes we will have 19 DIFFERENT kinds of pies out of the oven!!! Come in and grab one before they are GONE!!!, In a few minutes we will have 19 DIFFERENT kinds of pies out of the over!!! Come in and grab one before they are GONE!!!, Hey You! Yah you!!!
You just passed us on the corner of Oakland and Railroad St!  
Turn yourself around and get in here already!!!, We really didn't have a response to the riddle we posted earlier, but you guys are the best and came up with some great answers!!!

I am trying to get Kenny to allow us to have a contest every week, and who ever has the right/most creative answer wins a pie of their choice!!!
Tell us what you think so that my Father, Kenny agrees to it!!!, Why did the Pork Pie cross the road???, Have you seen a pie today?, Are you having the Breakfast of CHAMPIONS this morning, if not turn around and grab a pie for breakfast!!!, Are you looking for a nice, succulent, bloody steak today??? Come in and ask one of our BOoOtchers to cut you one!!!

Thwaites Market hopes you all have a spooktacular day today!
Happy Halloween!!!, Are you prepared for a major snow storm??? 
Storm essentials are
Slow-cooked Steak Tips
Any kind of Steaks 
All kind of Sausage with Mashed Potatoes
... Warm Delicious Pies of all assortments!!!!

And of course don't forget your shovels, hats, gloves, flashlights etc..., Brrr it is a cold one out there this morning!!! Come in and grab a delicious pie before you head out for the day!!!, Our windows are frosting up!!! Come in and stay warm with our homemade Chili!!!, It's raining Pork and Chicken Pies!!!, Mmm Pork and Tomato Sausage with Mashed Potatoes and Corn sounds like an amazing dinner! What are you having tonight???, Remember, we close at Noontime today!!! Come in early and enjoy the rest of the afternoon off with us!!!, Well lucky for you, we have dinner already planned!!!, We have Scotch Eggs, do you?, Mmm Fresh Pork Pies, Chicken Pies and Egg Omelet Pies will be HOT off the press around 8:15!!!, Brr! It is chilly out this morning!!!  Stop by for a HOT pie before you head into work today!!!, We hope you all have an AMAZING weekend, and enjoy the BRISK SUNNY weather!!!, WHAT PIE DO YOU HAVE (no family members or employees can answer!)
If you have a pie that has an S on it, what kind of pie do you have?, It's time to play

WHAT PIE DO YOU HAVE (no family members or employees can answer!)
If you have a pie that has a CT on it, what kind of pie do you have?, Mmm Mm, Homemade Beans are just coming off the cooker!!!  Come and get 'em!, It's FRIDAY!!! We are making homemade sausage, cranking out the best pies EVER and serving our amazing customers ALL DAY LONG BABY!!!, I hear that Pork Pies are the BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS!!!, We have Lg and Med Family Style Chicken pies as well as Tourtiere Pies!!! Come in before they go, and don't forget, we close at Noontime today!!!, Mmm Large Family Style Pies are bakin' in the oven!!!  Come and get yours anytime after 3:00, We are starting early today folks!!!, Hey you, you just drove by the store!  Turn around, get yourself in here and treat yourself to a delicious pie!!!, Have an amazing weekend everyone!!! We'll see you on Monday!!!, Our customers are the absolute BEST, keep'em coming folks!!! You make our day BUSY and FUN!!!, There is a chill in the air today, baby!!!  Stay warm with some Pies and Homemade Beans!!!, It's raining Pork and Chicken Pies over here!!! Come and grab 'em!, It's raining it's pouring the old man is . . .  Eating a Pork Pie!!!, Uh Oh! grab your pies early, for we close at noontime today!!!, Don't get your grill on today, GET YOUR PIES ON!!!! 
Or hey, get your grill and pies on!  
Just get on in here will ya!, Don't get your grill on today, GET YOUR PIES ON!!!! 
Or hey, get your grill and pies on!  
Just get on in here will ya!, We hope you all have an amazing, lond weekend!!!
Enjoy the weather, and we will be back here doing our same old song on Tuesday!!!, Don't forget, we are closed on Monday for the LONG WEEKEND!!!, It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, It is time to play
WHAT PIE DO YOU HAVE???  

If you have a pie that has a CP on it, what kind of pie do you have??, Makin' and Bakin' all day today!!!, Wow! It is going to be a COLD one today!!!  Come by and grab some warm, delicious pies and a salad for lunch!!!   

See you soon!!!, There is finally blue sky out there!!!
Treat yourself to a delicious pie, or two!!!, You know the colder weather is coming when we start making RAISIN SAUCE!!!  So come in, grab a Ham Steak and some raisin sauce, and make yourself a nice comfort-food kind of a meal tonight!!!, If you are driving around in this crazy weather, please be careful!!!, Monday, FUNDAY!!!  Come in and grab some DELICIOUS pies for your work day!!!, Hey, you just drove past Thwaites Market!... Turn around, go in and grab enough meats to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, We are here til noontime today! Come in early and enjoy the rest of the afternoon off with us!!!!, If you have never met Buddy, he was our most recent mascot until August of this year.  He will be missed terribly., We have 18 different kinds of pies out right now, come and see what they are!!!, The Pies are on Baby!!!, We would like to introduce you to our newest member to the Thwaites Clan! Winston Thwaites Greenwood, Hey! Guess what?  It's Monday morning and we are ready to roll!!!, GET YOUR GRILL ON FOR THE PATRIOTS!!!, Our customers are the BEST!!! We hope you all have an amazing weekend, and be sure to GET YOUR GRILL ON for the PATRIOTS!!!, Are you going to the Haverhill Beerfest today, why not stop by for some pies before hand!!!, Pies are on FULL STEAM AHEAD!!!  Don't forget about our Steaks, Chicken, Sausage and much much more!!!

Oh ya, rainy days never stop us from GETTING OUR GRILL ON!!!, Our Customers are the ABSOLUTE BEST!!  We are closing in a half hour, but we will be right back at it tomorrow morning! Enjoy your dinner, and have a Great Night!!!, Egg Omelet Pies will be rolling out of the oven around 8:30!!! Grab your before they are gone!, Uh Ohh, the oven is on early today baby!, Mmm Good, nothing is better than Homemade Chili on a rainy afternoon!, Do you know what will make you happy today?  A pork Pie!!!, null, null, null, Pies are rolling out of the oven! Don't forget, we close at noon time today!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight?, Name this PIE (no family or employees can answer!!!) Haha

If you have a pie that has four holes on the top crust, what kind of pie do you have???, Come in and grab some dinner!!!, It's Monday and it is time to get back into the swing of things!!!  Why not start your week with a Pie or two!!!, We hope you have an AMAZING weekend!!! Enjoy the game!!!, Make sure to stock up for the Patriots Game!!! Make a winning meal with our marinated steak tips, sausage and much much more from Thwaites Market!

Be sure to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Name this PIE  (no family or employees can answer!!!) Haha

If you have a pie that has an orange tint on the top crust, what kind of pie do you have???, Did you get your pie today?, Pies  Steaks  Sausage  Chicken
Need I say more, It is going to get CHILLY these next, few nights! Come in and grab some warm, delicious Pies for dinner!!!, Come in early, and grab a warm Egg Omelet Pie.... Soo Goood, Medium Style Chicken pies, Tourtiere Pies, Individual Pub Pies and Homemade Sausage are all in store today!!! Be sure to stop by early, we close at Noon today!!

www.thwaitesmarket.com
, Mmm... There is a fresh batch of Tourtiere Pies being made as we speak!!! They will be ready later this afternoon!!!

For those of you who don't know:
Tourtiere is ground up pork with mashed potatoes, onions and seasoning all whipped up together and put into a family-style, round pie, Pies are rolling out of the oven
Full steam ahead!!!  Come on in and grab some for yourself!!!, It is Football Season yet again! It is time for you to get your Patriot Pork Pies!!!, ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!, Do you have everything you need for the WEEKEND?, Guess what? The weekend is here, and it is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!
Come in and check out our supply of Chicken, Steaks, Patties and Sausages...

We hope you all have a great weekend!!!
www.thwaitesmarket.com, Do you feel like you are in a London Fog? 
 We sure do with all this rain falling down on us.
Come and enjoy some authentic English foods!!!, The Chicken Pie Sale is OFFICIALLY OVER!!!

We are here til 12:00 so be sure to get here soon!!!, Hey... It's still raining!!!
Hey... We are still having a sale on all COLD CHICKEN PIES
Buy Six get Two FREE!!!
Limited Time OFFER while Chicken Pies Last!!!, Attention!
Limited Time Offer
Buy Six Cold Chicken Pies, Get Two FREE!!!

Limited Time Offer while Chicken Pies Last!!!, It looks to be quit the rainy day out there, the perfect day for an easy dinner!!, We will be closed all day Monday to Celebrate Labor Day!!!

We at Thwaites Market hope you have a safe and FUN Holiday Weekend!!!, It's time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, What will you be doing for your long Labor Day Weekend?

www.thwaitesmarket.com
Click on it, don't worry you'll get some ideas!!!
, We are getting ready for Labor Day Weekend... Are you?, We close at NOON today... Come in early before we take off to enjoy the SUN!!!, We are making Salads like it is nobody's business today!!!
Come and grab yours with a pie before they are GONE!!!, We will have warm, delicious, Family-Style Chicken Pies coming out of the oven between 4 and 4:30 this afternoon!!, This is for Susan who paid us a pre-Hurricane visit!!!

"If you have a(n)...
If you have an X on your pie, what kind of a pie do you have???, Prepare for Hurricane IRENE, you need ALL the essentials!
Pork Pies, Chicken Pies and Specialty Pies
Sausage, Steak and Marinated Chicken
Potato, Macaroni and Red Potato Salad

Oh Yes, we also carry
Water, flashlights, batteries, canned goods and yummy snacks to help you wait out a storm!!!, Come and GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, It's raining Pork and Chicken Pies!!!, Some storms are blowing in tonight!!! Come grab some delicious foods, and enjoy the sounds of rain... And thunder . . . and lightening, if you enjoy that :(, Come And Get It...
Dinner that is!!!, What a chilly morning!!! Come in and Grab a warm pie before you head to work!, It looks to be an amazing day today... Be sure to stop by and say HI!!!
www.thwaitesmarket.com
, The weekend is upon us!!! It is time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, We made a NEW sausage today, Cheddarwurst! Try it and let us know what you think!!!, What are you having for dinner tonight?, It is going to be an amazing day today!!!
Come and get your...
Pies
Salads
Steaks
Sausage
And so SO much more!!!, The Sale is OFFICIALLY over!! Thank you all for coming in today, Have a great Wednesday Evening off!, The sale on the Cold Chicken Pies is OVER!!
Buy 6 Cold Pork Pies
and get 2 FREE
Cold Pork Pies Only, Uh Ohh, Guess what we are having a sale on???

Buy 6 Cold Chicken Pies 
or 6 Cold Pork Pies,
and get two FREE 
COLD PORK AND CHICKEN PIES ONLY

Limited time offer while pies last HURRY IN, Holy Cow!  This sun is out and it is going to be a gorgeous day!!! Come in early and grab pies for you Beach Day, Work Day or your Sick ("vacation") Day!

What ever you do, come in early! We close at 12:00 On Wednesdays!, I have a job for you all... Get one of your Facebook Friends to "like" Thwaites Market, Our ovens are on early today!
Be sure to stop by and grab your favorite Pie
(and Steak, salads, chicken, sausage and sooo much more!!!), We are making a fresh batch of Large Tourtiere Pies as we speak! Come and get your while they are still HOT!!!

For those who may not know, a Tourtiere Pie is
Ground up Pork with
Mashed Potatoes
Onions 
and seasoning all whipped up together! So good!, It is MISERABLE out!!! Thwaites likes to think of this as being a perfect comfort food kind of a day!

Grab some Pies and a salad
Steak Tips for the slow cooker
Or Sausage and Potatoes!!!

The Possibilities are endless haha, I had a Pork Pie for lunch today, and it was absolutely amazing!!!

Yes, we like to toot our own horns fom time to time!, What are you having for dinner this weekend?
We sure hope you are GETTING YOUR GRILL ON!!, Do you know that we make over 10 different kinds of sausage?  Come and check out our showcase, and be sure to grab some for the grill!! Don't forget our marinated steak tips, chicken and hamburg patties as well!!!, It is absolutely amazing out today!! Stop by and grab some pies!!!, A fresh batch of Shortbread has seriously just come out of the oven!!!, OUR PHONES ARE DEAD 
WE ARE OPEN AND WILL BE HERE TIL 530 !!!, Holy Cow! We made 2 huge trays of Cornish pies today and they are almost GONE!!! We are not taking anymore orders, so get here AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, We have a MAJOR announcement!
Cornish Pies are being sent through the oven as we speak!
These pies are very rare and will not be seen again for a while!!!

We are taking phone orders, and we strongly suggest getting here as soon as possible 
978-683-2429, It looks like it is going to be a nice one!! I believe it is time to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Come and get your comfort food for this not-so-sunny Monday!!!
Some suggestions 
Slow-cooked Steak Tips
Barbeque Pulled Pork (in your crock-pot)
OR the old fantastic stand-by... PIES, I hope you all are having an amazing weekend!!!, The weekend is here baby, you know what that means!  It's time to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!, Holy Cow!!! We have had crazy orders coming in today! Keep up the good work people, our customers are the BEST


www.thwaitesmarket.com
, Making a fresh batch of Gorton, it will be out this afternoon!!!, Well I had the most amazing Lemon-Pepper Chicken last night for dinner, there is only one place where you can find that!!, We at Thwaites Market are super excited to say that we have a HUGE Radio DJ, as well as a MAJOR Radio Producer who "like" us on Facebook!!!  What do you think??, Listening to see if 92.5 The River gives us a little shout out!!!, Yes the Individual Shepherds Pies are already gone!!!  But we have plenty of everything else, don't you worry!!, Alright people, this is a once a year event!  We don't take orders for these, and we only make a few of them!
The Individual Shepherds Pie will be out by 10:30 So we suggest you get here soon!!, A FRESH batch of meatloaf will be out of the oven at about 9:30! Come and get it!!!, Egg Omelet Pies Fresh out of the oven! There are only a few so get your soon!!!, Life is too short, so Thwaites Market suggests that you eat lots of Pork Pies.  Try It!!!, Yess'm we got Essem... Hotdogs that is!  Get in here, we know you want 'em!!!, No, we don't have lobsters. Unfortunately, we can't help you put on a clam bake. However we have Steaks, Patties and other fantastic meats that will light up your grill like the 4th of July!!!, I want to see ALL of you in here TODAY!!!, It is going to be GORGEOUS out today!! Make sure you GET YOUR GRILL ON!!, Mmm Nothing better than Homemade Mashed Potatoes!!, Hot pies are rolling right out of the oven as we speak!!! Come in and grab yours today!!, Got Pork Pies... We do!, Today's forecast... HOT with a chance of Pork Pies!!!, It is going to be a HOT one today!!! Come into Thwaites and stay cool in the air conditioning!!!, Dear Customers,
 A fresh batch of shortbread has just come out of the oven!! We close at noon time tomorrow, so make sure you come in and grab yours before it is GONE

Sincerely yours
Thwaites Market, Thank you do Brenda from Florida for letting us know about The Inn at The Crossroads!!  This is pretty amazing!!!
"The site is based off the current HBO series "GAME OF THRONES"...they feature foods mentioned in the book series..."

http://innatthecrossroads.com/2011/07/10/thwaites-market/#comments, Oh my... Oh My, the weekend is upon us! Be sure to stop by Thwaites and say HI, we always love to see you!!!, Things are HEATING up in the kitchen baby!  I think its about time for you to GET YOUR GRILL ON!!  This weekend is going to be Hot, so come by and stock up on all your grilling essentials!!!, Come in and grab some amazing pies on this sun-shiny day!
Don't forget, we close at noon-time!!!, I want to see Thwaites Market have 800 people following us by the end of summer! Help us spread the word!!!, No, we don't have lobsters.  Unfortunately, we can't help you put on a clam bake.  However we have Steaks, Patties and other fantastic meats that will light up your grill like the 4th of July!!!, It is going to be an amazing week-end, and you know what I think... IT"S TIME TO GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!  Don't forget our delicious salads to go with what ever you are cooking/grilling this weekend, We have pies, do you?, We hope you have an AMAZING 4thof JULY WEEKEND!!! Have fun and stay safe from your friends at THWAITES, We are working today... promise!!!, Captain Ken!, you get the Horns!!!, If you mess with the bull..., We, at Thwaites Market, strongly encourage you to GET YOUR GRILL ON this 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND!!! On this grill, we recommend it be stocked with our steaks, Lemon-Pepper Chicken, Patties and much MUCH more!!!

PLEASE RE-POST IF YOU LOVE THWAITES MARKET  haha, This week looks amazing people! Come in and GET YOUR GRILL ON!!!!, THE SPECIAL OFFER IS OFFICIALLY OVER!!! Have an amazing day everyone!, THE SPECIAL OFFER IS STILL ON!!!
Buy six cold chicken pies, get two FREE!!!
This offer is only until supplies last, so come and get yours before they are GONE!!!, Limited Time OFFER!!! 
Buy six cold chicken pies, get two FREE!!!
This offer is only until supplies last, so come and get yours before they are GONE!!!, Do you know what you are having for dinner???, The Welch's came in the store yesterday for their first time EVER, and they found us through a friend on Facebook.  Keep spreading the word people, you all are the BESt!!!

Don't forget to get your GRILL on this Father's DAY Weekend!, "Florida" came in and got his pies yesterday, Joe is craving them all the way in Vegas!! Where have you traveled with (or came all the way from to get) our pies??, "Florida" You came in the store today, what is your name?, Bruins BRUINS BrUiNS!!!!!!, Get in here already!!!, COME AND GET YOUR BRUINS PIES!!!, Amazing week! Working during the day, and GRILLING EVERY NIGHT!!
Marinated Chicken, Italian Sausage, Steak Tips... COME AND GET IT, On your mark, get set.... GET YOUR GRILL ON!!! It is the UNOFFICIAL start to the summer, and let us help you . . . get your grill on, This weeks forcast... Sunny with a chance of Pork Pies, Come on in and grab your salads, meats and pies; and help us make the sun come out!!!, THE SUN IS OUT!!! Come visit us, we want to see your sunshiney faces!!, Come and stop by the store... We have something in our gorgeous meat case that my father won't let me tell you about!!!, It's raining, it's pouring! Come in and grab some delicious comfort food for the rainy weekend!  Slow-cooked tips, roasts of all kinds, stuffed chicken... Just throwing out some ideas for you!!! 

See ya soon, The SPECIAL OFFER IS OFFICIALLY OVER!!! We hope you are enjoying your pies!!!, Uh Ohh new special Offer!
Come in and buy 6 cold Pork Pies and get 2 FREE!!
Come in early, the offer is only up until supplies last!!!, Uh Ohh new special Offer!
(Wednesday) we are only open til Noon time, come in and buy 6 cold Pork Pies and get 2 FREE!!
Come in early, the offer is only up until supplies last!!!, Uh Ohh new special Offer!
Tomorrow (Wednesday) we are only open til Noon time, come in and buy 6 cold Pork Pies and get 2 FREE!!
Come in early, the offer is only up until supplies last!!!, Special Offer! Are you looking for Hams? 
All Triple M, Buddaball and Spiral Hams are $1.99/lb!  We have them in half and whole Hams.
Limited Time Offer while supplies last!!!, It is going to be gorgeous all week, it looks like! Come in and grab some food and say Hi!!, Come in and get your Mother some amazing foods from Thwaites!! Whether it is our Steaks, Sausage or Pies, she will enjoy anything you make for her this weekend!

Don't forget, we also have Gift Certificates, just ask anyone!, The Special Offer is Officially Over!!! I hope you are enjoying your pies!!!, The Special Offer is officially over!  I hope you are enjoying your pies!!!, Special Offer!!! 
Buy 6 cold Pork pies, or 6 cold Chicken pies and get 2 FREE!!
LIMITED TIME OFFER, COLD PORK AND CHICKEN PIES ONLY!, Come in and grab your warm, delicious Shortbread tomorrow morning at 8:00, before it is GONE!! AND don't forget to grab some comfort pies for the rain that is coming!!!, I am glad you all enjoyed your food for the Royal Wedding, however it is going to be gorgeous this weekend! So come on in and grab all your outdoor food essentials!!!, Do you have all your essentials to celebrate the Royal Wedding?  Pork Pies, Scotch Eggs, Pigs in Blankets and much much more!!, Come in and enjoy all the English Delicacies we have to offer! Prepare yourself for all the events of the Royal Wedding!, We have Raisin sauce! Grab yours before it is GONE!!!, Did you know Easter is this Sunday?  Come in for your delicious Hams, Roasts, Raisin Sauce and other Easter essentials!!  We'll help you find what you need, Its Saturday... you know what that means, WEEKEND GRILLING BABY!!!  We have your steaks, your sausages and your chicken! Mmm Goodness, Tell us, what is your favorite pie?, It is going to be amazing out the rest of the week... Get in here and let us see you sun-shiney faces!!!, Make your way through the rain and grab a bite to eat!  On days like this you just want to watch movies and eat comfort food!!!, The question is... What are you having for dinner?  Well get in here and we'll help you figure it out!!  

Have an amazing weekend everyone, Do you know it is going to be 80 out on Monday... Come in and grab all the essentials for the GRILL! Yeah Baby, We had a pretty great Saturday this past weekend! Our customers are the BEST!!!, Alright, it is going to be amazing out this weekend! GET YOUR GRILLS GOING, and don't forget your Steaks, Sausages and Hamburgers from Thwaites Market!!, Come in and grab all the essentials for a MAJOR snow storm!! Check list
a: Pies of all assortments
b: Sausage
c: Steak Tips Marinated or Plain
d: Then you can walk around the store and see what else you need!!

We'll see you here!!!, We close at Noon today! Come in early before your favorite pies are GONE!!!, We are baking pies all day long! Come in and enjoy yours!, Making some amazing family style chicken pies today! They'll be out about 4:30, don't forget to grab yours for dinner!!!, Well its Sunday... I know, we aren't there today
No no don't be sad, we will be there for you tomorrow! Enjoy your sunday Everyone, It is way too cold out!! Come in and warm up with our amazing foods!, Quick! Get your Corned Beef Hash before it is GONE, Making loads of delicious foods today, get in here and get yours before it all goes!!!!, Go on to our website, www.thwaitesmarket.com, and you can follow us on Twitter.  Just click on the link on our homepage!!!, Hmm What are your thoughts on having a Pie Eating contest this summer at Thwaites???, It's getting warmer outside! It is time to get your grills out, or find them in a random snow bank! Don't forget to stop by Thwaites and buy some delicious STEAKS!!!, May you enjoy your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs, and may you have a festive and safe St. Patrick's day

From your Friends at Thwaites Market
www.thwaitesmarket.com, Tune in to Matty in the Morning tomorrow! We are running some pies down to the station, maybe he'll give us a little on-air mention!!!, On Wednesday March 16th, we will be open till 3:00!

Cheers, Oh Danny Boy the pipes, the pies are calling... They are calling to let you know to come to Thwaites Market for St Patty Day!!

Cheers, The Sale is officially over for now! It's not too late to order your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs for St Patty's Day
Cheers, Special Offer is still up and running!
Buy 6 cold pork pies, get 2 FREE!!
LIMITED TIME OFFER, COLD PORK PIES ONLY!, Special Offer!!!
Buy 6 cold pork pies, get 2 FREE!!!!
LIMITED TIME OFFER, COLD PORK PIES ONLY, When Irish Eyes are Smiling, it's time to order your Corned Beef!
www.thwaitesmarket.com
978 683 2429, We have thrown TONS of beef into the brine today!!! Getting ready for St. Patrick's Day baby, don't forget to order your Corned Beef and Corned Ribs!, When Irish eyes are smiling, it's time to order your Corned Beef!
www.thwaitesmarket.com
978-683-2429, When Irish eyes are smiling, it's time to order your Corned Beef!
www.thwaitesmarket.com
978-683-2429, Baby, it's cooooold outside!! Come in and warm up with our delicious foods!, A fresh, new batch of Shortbread just came out of the oven! Be sure to stop by and grab a box with your pies and sausage!!!

www.thwaitesmarket.com

, Shortbread by Abbey Elizabeth is now available! Today's styles are Plain, as well as Cinnamon and Sugar. It is only available at Thwaites Market, so swing by, grab yourself a delicious pie and some delightful shortbread cookies!!!, http://www.yelp.com/biz/thwaites-market-methuen, IT IS SOOO HOT OUT, Don't start up the ovens people! Grab a few pies to eat, or a steak to grill!!, Get your Grills on and your BBQ'S GOING! Its going to be HOT, come in and grab your steaks and chicken!!, Making sausage today, tons and tons of it! come and get some for the grills this weekend!!!, Hey people, Thwaites is moving hundreds of pies through the oven today! make sure you get your before someone else does!!)