List(Guys, meet Shannon & Dave! I had the best time walking around Castle Island with them for their engagement session! We totally lucked out with a warm day and I am so excited for their wedding later this year!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Gorgeous day and location for an engagement session!, It's here! This makes me even more excited to kick off my 2016 wedding season next month! Cheers to an amazing 2015 and what is shaping up to be a kick ass 2016!, Most people know that I am a huge Disney fan! So when Lois contacted me about her and Marshel's Disney themed engagement session, of course I jumped at the opportunity! They were so much fun to work with, and I am thrilled that their session is featured today on Bibbity Bobbity Bride! Check out all the pretty below! 

http://www.bibbidibobbidibride.com/disney-inspired-engagement-at-boston-public-garden/, They say life is better when you're laughing. I couldn't agree more! I absolutely love this first dance photo of Danielle and Michael! Their wedding was absolutely gorgeous, but nothing compared to the way they made each other smile. Congratulations to the newlyweds!, Hi guys! Sorry things have been quiet over here for a while! Things have been crazy over here for me between the holidays, buying a house and moving! Now that things are settling down a bit, expect to see a lot more pretty coming your way! Starting with Cecilia and Brendan - these two are so sweet and completely in love! We lucked out with some amazing weather this weekend for their engagement session at Bird Park. How gorgeous are they?! Can't wait for their wedding later this year!, null, You guys. I can't say enough about Allie + Matt. They are two of the most loving, caring, generous and thoughtful people I have had the pleasure of working with. Their laughter was contagious and their unconditional love was beautiful to witness. Allie + Matt's NYE wedding at the Tupper Manor was gorgeous and perfectly reflected their relationship. From the cigar bar, to the centerpieces, to the epic dance party - it was the best way to wrap up my 2015 wedding season! Congratulations to the newlyweds! Enjoy your honeymoon in the Maldives!, Poppin' bottles! Happy wedding day Allie + Matt - cheers to a New Year!, Congrats, Allie + Matt! Can't wait to be there as you guys say "I do" and ring in the New Year at this gorgeous venue! Let the dance party begin!, SO excited to wrap up the 2015 season with a bang tonight for Allie & Matt's NYE wedding! I just cannot believe this year is almost over! Oh, 2015 - where do I begin? This year has brought Kelly Anne Photography 15 amazing couples and their fabulous weddings, countless newborn and family sessions and SO much love and laughter. From being published in Offbeat Bride to winning The Best of The Knot, simply saying that 2015 has been unforgettable would be an understatement. Thank you to all of my phenomenal clients for hiring and trusting me with documenting some of the biggest and most special moments of your lives. YOU are the reason I love my job so much - I quite literally couldn't do it without you! To my 2016 couples - I cannot wait for all the fabulousness that will be coming! It is going to be one hell of a year and I am thrilled to spend it with you! Happy New Year, everyone!!, Patti & Jamal were total troopers during their chilly beach engagement session up in Ipswich! I loved how down to earth they are and how much they make each other laugh. Cannot wait for their wedding next summer!, Wishing you and yours a very happy and healthy holiday!, Such a great way to kick off the holiday season!! Currently booking for 2016 and 2017! Check out all the pretty at www.kellyannephotos.com!, Watching National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation certainly makes my pile of editing a little more merry! Can't wait to share all the pretty soon! In the meantime, let's throw it back to Christine & Rory's wedding this past spring! How gorgeous is her dress?!, Still swooning over how gorgeous she is!, Second to last wedding of the season! Congrats Danielle and Michael! I'm ready to dance my ass off with you guys!, I am beyond excited and honored to share that Kelly Anne Photography has officially won The Knot Best of Weddings 2016! This season has been crazy amazing and I couldn't have asked for better clients to have been on this adventure with. Honestly, this award wouldn't have been possible without all of you. Thank you for trusting me with your special day and believing in me to tell your love story. Looking forward wrapping up 2015 with a bang and even more excited for what the 2016 season will bring!, Can you say Vogue cover?! Completely swooning over Roisin and Adam's chic black and white wedding this past weekend! Can't wait to share more from their big day!, They did the damn thing! Congrats Roisin and Adam!, I've been waiting all season for Roisin and Adam's wedding - and I can't believe it's here! I first met these two last winter for their engagement session and I knew right from the start that they were special and we would be lifelong friends. I am SO excited to be there, not only as their photographer but their friend as well, as these amazing people tie the knot! Congratulations, guys!, I had the best time wandering around Bourne Scenic Park with these 2 ladies for their engagement session! I love just how much they laugh when they are together. Can't wait for their wedding next summer!, So excited and honored to have Colleen and Elizabeth's wedding featured today on Offbeat Bride! Click the link to see the oh-so adorable brides and their amazing rustic-chic DIY wedding! 

http://offbeatbride.com/2015/11/rustic-wedding-suit, Serena & Thomas are gettin' hitched today! Can't wait to be there as they say their I do's!, Witching you a very haunted Halloween! 👻🎃⚰☠, I seriously have the best job in the world! Natasha & Joe - you two are kick ass and I can't wait for your wedding!, I am completely swooning over how stinkin' cute these two are!, I am in love with this portrait I created with Natasha & Joe! This couple was so fun and down to earth - not to mention completely in love! Despite the cold (and snow!) these two were up for whatever and I am so excited for their wedding next October!, Guys, meet Katelyn & Mike. Their engagement session was the epitome of fall - apple picking, sweaters, playing in the leaves and of course - donuts! They are so in love and I cannot wait for their wedding next year!, Ryan + Matt! These two are awesome! We had the best time wandering around Beacon Hill and down by the Charles this past weekend. Thoughts of sweaters and PSLs got us through the chilly session - and they totally nailed it! Can't wait for their wedding next August!, Things have been quite busy here over at KAP and I can't wait to share all the awesomeness that has been created! In the meantime, feast your eyes on these two cuties. This session was particularly special to my heart and it was so amazing capturing this little lady's first milestones. How adorable is Adele and her fur-brother, Bernie?! Cuteness overload!, I have the best job - and couples - in the world! Katelyn and Mike's e-sesh at Honey Pot Hills Orchard was one for the books!, These two. Lauren & Bob totally rocked their engagement session this past weekend in Plymouth - despite the wind and cold! Their laughter and love is infectious and they are just all around pretty kick ass! I cannot wait for their wedding next September!, These two are getting their final gallery today! Love this portrait of them. Congratulations again, Dina & Kristen!, Beautiful location for Lauren & Bob's engagement session! Nothing like the beach on a crisp, fall day!, null, Alexa and Mark tied the knot in an intimate ceremony at the Castleton in New Hampshire. The weather was gorgeous and it couldn't have been a more perfect day! Congratulations to Mr. & Mrs. Emerson - I loved being a part of your special day!, Someone is getting their final gallery today! And come on, it doesn't get any more gorgeous than these two! Charity + Eric - you guys rock!, Could not have asked for a more beautiful background or day for Alexa and Mark's wedding!, null, Guys, meet Dayna & David. I had the best time walking around BC (where they met!) with them for their engagement session. It was so fun getting to know them and seeing all their old stomping grounds. It was so hard picking a sneak peak to share so be ready to see more from their amazing session! I cannot wait to photograph their wedding next year!, These two ladies tied the knot this past Saturday in a beautiful ceremony in Plymouth. The day was filled with love and laughter and it was a true honor being a part of their special day! Congratulations, Kristen & Dina!, I literally have THE best clients in the world. You might remember Roisin & Adam from their snowy Boston engagement a few months ago. We recently got together to make more magic together. They are the cutest - and totally roll with the punches when a man wearing a barely-there speedo is casually strolling along reading a book! I cannot wait for their wedding in November!, Happy wedding day to Dina & Kristen! You two did the damn thing and I'm so honored to capture this piece of your love story! Let the dance party begin!, I'm a bit behind on this sneak peak, but check out the new Mr. & Mrs. Chipps! Their wedding was absolutely beautiful and the dance party was epic! Can't wait to share more from their Boston Seaport wedding! Congratulations to the happy couple!, So excited to add another fabulous couple to my 2016 wedding season! 

If you're getting married next year and looking for a photographer, I would love to grab a cup of coffee and chat! 2016 is booking up fast, so don't be shy - drop me a line to say hello! I can't wait to hear your love story 😊

www.kellyannephotos.com, I have to share another one from Amy & Jon's wedding! I love this portrait of them! Gorgeous flower arrangement by Geraniums Red, Delphiniums Blue., This amazing couple is getting their finished gallery today! Their wedding was one of my favorites so far this season - how gorgeous is that background?! Congratulations again to Mr. & Mrs. Stuart!, 6 years ago today I photographed my very first wedding! I can't believe how far I've come in my business and grown as a photographer. I am thrilled that I'm doing what I love and am blessed to have such amazing clients! On that note, happy wedding day to Charity and Eric! I can't wait to be there and tell your love story as you two tie the knot!, One fabulous couple is getting their pictures today!, What a way to start a Monday! It's amazing hearing such kind words from my couples - I am honored to be there to capture such a special day in their lives and it's the reason why I absolutely love what I do ❤️, Exciting news!! I am thrilled to announce that I am now going to be offering an amazing open-air photo booth for weddings and events! For more information about pricing and reserving a booth, drop me a line at kellyannephotos@gmail.com. 2016 is booking up fast so don't miss this chance to get some hysterical (read: blackmail) pictures of guests at your wedding or event!, These two are tying the knot today! I cannot wait to capture more of their love story! Congratulations Anna & Jonathan!, I cannot believe this little lady is 6 months old already! I love getting to photograph all her milestones and see how much she is changing! Those eyes!, Jon and Amy's intimate seaport wedding was filled with love, laughter and an epic dance party! They are a truly beautiful couple and I was honored to tell their love story. I can't wait to share more from their amazing wedding! Congratulations to the newlyweds!, Casual Monday. Congrats Amy and Jon!, Gorgeous day and location for Amy and Jon's wedding!, Meet Jon & Amy. I had the best time hanging out with them and 40 of their friends and family at the Red Sox game yesterday! I cannot wait to cruise the harbor with them on the Elite Boston tonight as they tie the knot!, Job perks! #fenwayengagementsession, Engagement session in Fenway during a Sox game? Yes, please! #jobperks, Yup. It's a beautiful day for a photo shoot., I cannot get over how cute these two are! Such a fun session with such an amazing couple! Lois + Marshel - I am obsessed with this photo shoot!, Aw yeah! Mr. & Mrs. Andres are getting their gallery today!, Had so much fun celebrating with these two last weekend! How cute are they? And that light! Congrats to the beautiful newlyweds!, These two lovelies are getting married today! I cannot wait to celebrate with them as they become newlyweds! From snow to sunshine - congrats, Latia and Kerome!, So excited to add two more awesome couples to my 2016 wedding season! Next year is shaping up to be just amazing as 2015! 

Now, feast your eyes on this beauty - those eyes! Loved running around with her last weekend., Guys. Meet Lois and Marshel. I had so much fun with them yesterday evening walking around the Boston Commons for their e-session. They are literally the cutest. Can't wait to share more of their adorable-ness!, Christine and Rory's wedding was filled with love, laughter and tons of dancing! I had a blast photographing their big day last week! So excited to send them their images today - here's a sneak peak of one of my favorites!, I had the best time at Chas and Emma's rustic farm wedding. The love the two of them share for one another was absolutely beautiful. Not to mention the firework show was spectacular! Cheers to the newlyweds - thank you for letting me be a part of your day!, Happy 4th of July, everyone! I can't wait to spend mine photographing Chas and Emma's wedding! 🇺🇸😎, Happy wedding day to Christine & Rory! So honored to be photographing your love story., Today is an amazing day. Glad to be on the right side of history. Love is love., How gorgeous is this couple? I had such a great time walking around Elizabeth Park with them last month. The flowers were just starting to bloom and the park was just beautiful. It was hard to just pick a few to share! I cannot wait for their wedding in August!, null, null, Thrilled to book another awesome couple for my 2015 season and another kick ass couple for 2016! If you or someone you know is getting married, I would love to say hello! I have a very limited number of 2015 dates available but I am taking bookings for 2016! 😊www.kellyannephotos.com., One happy couple is getting their photos today!, So excited to have booked another great couple for their 2016 wedding!, So. The wedding yesterday had a waterfall, a horse and buggy, a Colonial gun salute and of course - an amazing couple that was completely in love! Congrats Erin and Trent! I had a blast at your wedding - it was an honor capturing your big day., Could not have asked for a more beautiful venue or a more perfect day to photograph Erin and Trent's wedding!, Can't help but post one more fabulous dress tonight! How amazing?!, Still so obsessed with this gorgeous dress from last week's wedding! More of this beauty to come!, Happy Mother's Day every mom out there! I hope your day is extra special! xo, Pretty great way to spend my birthday - Happy wedding day Samantha & Matt! So excited to photograph you guys saying I do!, Editing, editing and more editing! Get ready to see more pictures from this kick ass wedding!, Meeting a bride at the venue for a final timeline session then photographing this little lady's 3 month session! Happy Saturday everyone!, Had the best time last night photographing Elizabeth and Colleen's rustic, barn wedding! This couple is absolutely amazing and their wedding was pretty kick ass. Just a little sneak peak of the awesomeness to come!, Gorgeous venue, gorgeous day, and gorgeous couple! Kicking off the 2015 wedding season with a bang! Congrats to Elizabeth and Colleen -- cannot wait to celebrate with you both!, Can't get enough of this shot from this e-session last weekend!, Beautiful day in Boston for an engagement session!, In love with this shot from Roisin & Adam's e-session!, Spending this snowy Saturday with this handsome man! #sixmonthphotos #toocute, Had a great time at the #getlitworkshop held by Jamie Ivins and Gary Young! Can't wait for my wedding season to kick off in April!, Spending the weekend at a photography lighting workshop! Not a bad way to spend a rainy Saturday!, Sneak peak of Roisin & Adam's adorable e-session! So hard picking just one to share!, Had such an awesome time walking around the seaport and Quincy Market with these two for their e-session today!Loved ending the day with a drink at the Ice Bar! They are a completely kickass couple and I cannot wait for their wedding in November!, So excited to have booked my first wedding for 2016 with a pretty kick ass couple!, These two were such troopers! We were literally trekking through waist deep snow in freezing temps and falling snow. Can't wait for their (warm!) wedding in July!, Sweet little family session from last week!, After rescheduling 3 times due to blizzards, I'm really excited for Latia and Kerome's snowy engagement session today!, Just set up my biz Instagram! Hop on over to http://instagram.com/kellyannephotos to see some pretty pictures 😊, Had a great bridal consultation today and booked another awesome couple for their 2015 wedding! Now to the Back Bay for a sweet little newborn session!, Happy Valentine's Day! ❤️, Hope everyone is staying warm in this blizzard!, I can't believe this little lady is 3! I've been photographing her since she was a baby! Had such a great time today running around in the snow for her session!, Excited to photograph a party tonight for PEER Strategies Event Planning!, We'd love to be part of your big day! Visit our storefront on #TheKnot and get in touch!, This couple was awesome enough to brave below freezing temps to take some night photography shots after their wedding.. totally worth it!, Happy Holidays, everyone! May your days be merry and bright! xo, Last wedding of the season! Can't wait to capture Nicole and Nick's big day on this snowy Friday!, One lucky couple is getting their pictures today!, Editing, editing & editing! How beautiful is this family??, Can't get enough of this location! Another picture perfect fall day for a photo shoot!, Someone is getting their pictures today!, Snow outside, football and Yankee candles inside. Time to get some serious editing done!, Happy Halloween, everyone!!, Couldn't help but share an image of this gorgeous family! How beautiful is that fall foliage?!, Back to back family sessions on this beautiful fall day!, Had so much fun photographing Katie and Rob's wedding this past weekend! Love this first dance moment!, Absolutely gorgeous venue for Katie and Rob's wedding today!, Amazing day yesterday at Lisa and Brendan's wedding...love this moment when they see each other for the first time!, Lisa and Brendan's wedding!! So excited to photograph this amazing couple's big day!, Had a blast photographing these two lovebirds engagement session today! Cannot wait for their wedding in November! Enjoy this adorable sneak peek., Perfect day for Nicole and Nick's engagement session!, Beautiful day for a 1st birthday session in the Boston Commons!, Summer is for kicking back, relaxing and creating memories.. I'm offering $50 off any portrait session and $200 off any wedding packages if you book by July 31st! Send me a message - I would love to hear from you!, Got to spend the day photographing this beauty's 1st birthday pictures! How stinkin' cute is she?

Send me a message if you would like to schedule your baby's photo session!, Booked my first wedding for 2015!! If you are or know a bride who still needs a photographer for their big day, I would love to chat with you!, So I recently had my photos taken (eek!) to add to my website. I love being BEHIND the camera, but being in front of it is a totally different thing! These are 2 of my favorite images! Credit goes out to the very talented Hillary of Hillary Deane Photography! Thanks girl!, It's May! Which means the warm weather is finally coming, and, most important, it's my birthday month! To celebrate, I am offering 10% off all newborn sessions! Message me for details! In the meantime, check out this adorable little lady on the blog!

http://kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/2014/05/little-miss-baby-a.html, The Easter bunny is coming..these 31 children were thrilled.

http://www.buzzfeed.com/bennyjohnson/31-kids-who-just-had-their-lives-ruined-by-the-easter-bunny?s=mobile

Annnd - I am running a spring portrait special to celebrate the warm weather coming! Message me for details 😊, New logo! A big thanks to Fresh Lavender Designs for creating this for me!, Off to Southie for a newborn session!, Sorry things have been quiet on here for a bit! But this little lady more than makes up for it! Check out the gorgeous Penelope up on the blog! 

http://kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/, null, Pssst! I'm running a new client special! 15% off a portrait session or 10% off any wedding package! Head on over to my website for more information and pricing! www.kellyannephotos.com

, Check out Marlene & Henry's rainy Beacon Hill engagement session! 

http://kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/, Had the best time photographing this little peanut this weekend! Check back soon for her full blog post!, My website has a new look :) head on over to check it out!

http://www.kellyannephotos.com, Oh hey, would you look at that! Check me out on wedding.com!, Little miss Noa is up on the blog! Head on over there if you want to see a wicked cute baby!

http://kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/, Valentines Day Special! Receive 15% off an engagement session or any wedding package if you book between now and Monday! Head on over to www.kellyannephotos.com for more information!, Officially on Pinterest! (as if my Pinterest obsession couldn't get any worse) Check out my boards & let your friends know, too! 

http://www.pinterest.com/kellyanneimages/, Get your tissues ready - Chris & Kara's sweet engagement is up on the blog! Go check it out :) 

http://kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/, Sweet little baby toes! A sneak peak of Noa is up on the blog! 

http://www.kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/, Maya is up on the (new) blog! Go check it out -- and stay tuned for more upcoming blog posts!

http://kellyannephotos.blogspot.com/, Oh, hi! Welcome to my brand new Facebook page! Hop on over to www.kellyannephotos.com and check out my work! , null, null, null, null)