List(We're keeping it old school this week with our Buffalo Chicken Sandwich! Your choice of Grilled or Fried Spicy Buffalo Chicken with shaved lettuce, pickles and blue cheese dressing! From Sept 21st to Sept 27th, on all Griddler's locations! Dig in!
www.griddlersburgers.com, Our special this week is the Cordon Bleu Melt, a Griddler’s Patty melt with Virginia ham, Dijonaise and melted Swiss cheese! From Sept 14th to Sept 20th, on all Griddler's locations! Dig in!
www.griddlersburgers.com, In honor of Star Trek's 49th anniversary, Griddler's presents "The Targ" for the week of 9/8 - 9/13. A most honorable Klingon delicacy consisting of slow-cooked pulled pork, Grillo's Pickles and pierced with a sword that will make you want to scream Qapla'! Dig In!
www.griddlersburgers.com, Summer's almost officially over, but we're keeping things hot with "Le Classique," our quarter pound all beef dog with chili, cheese and jalapeños! From Aug 31st til Sept 6th, on all Griddler's locations! www.griddlersburgers.com, Put the FAST in GOOD FOOD by downloading the Griddler's app from Apple or Android Stores. Save 10% off your first order, get reward points and join our list for upcoming events! www.griddlersburgers.com, This week on Summer Series, we brought back The Clubhouse Patty - Double Burger Patties Griddled on White Bread with American Cheese, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles and Griddler’s Sauce. From Aug 10th – 16th, on all Griddler's locations! 
www.griddlersburgers.com, Are you a jalapeño fan? Our special this week is the "Jalliburton Hots" Burger, a jalapeño studded burger with American cheese, sweet pickled jalapeños, bacon and tomato! From Aug 3rd - Aug 9th, on all Griddler's locations!  Dig in! www.griddlersburgers.com, Happy Monday! This week's Summer Series brings you the "Avo-Carbo," an open faced burger on a bed of lettuce with avocado, tomato, bacon, fried egg, blue cheese and chipotle-ranch dressing. From July 27th - August 2nd, on all Griddler's locations. Dig in! www.griddlersburgers.com, This week on Summer Series, we bring you our "Memphis Mushroom Q Burger," a juicy OG burger with mushrooms, cheddar, smoky BBQ and crispy onion strings! From July 20th - July 26th, on all Griddler's locations! Dig in!
www.griddlersburgers.com, This week we're featuring the "Hamburguesa Cubano," a panini style griddled burger with ham, pickles, mustard and melted Swiss cheese! From July 13th - July 19th, on all Griddler's locations! Dig in! www.griddlersburgers.com, Are you ready for this week's special? We give you the "Hercules," a Double OG Burger with Canadian Bacon, Fried Egg, Roasted Peppers, Jalapenos, Guacamole, American Cheese and Griddler's Sauce! From July 6th - July 12th, on all Griddler's locations! Dig in!
www.griddlersburgers.com, It's Week 5 of our Summer Series, this week's special is the "Hen n' Hog," a Crispy Chicken Sandwich with Bacon, MORE Bacon, Tomato-Jalapeno Marmalade, Lettuce and Ranch Dressing!  From June 29th - July 5th, on all Griddler's locations! Dig In!
www.griddlersburger.com, It's Week 4 of our Summer Series, this week's special is the "Pavo Rojo," a griddled turkey burger with Mole Rojo sauce, Guacamole, Jalapeno and Lettuce! From June 22nd - 28th, on all Griddler's locations! www.griddlersburgers.com, This week on Summer Series, our special is The Clubhouse Patty - Double Burger Patties Griddled on White Bread with American, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles and Griddler’s Sauce.  From June 15th – 21st, on all Griddler's locations! 
www.griddlersburgers.com, Get 10% off your first order placed through our NEW app! 

Text GRIDDLERS to 33733 to download now!

Offer valid on first online or mobile order for a limited time only. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase., We're live and online! Download the new Griddler's Burgers & Dogs app on Iphone or Android! Order online, get rewards, join the fun! www.griddlersburgers.com, 10% OFF your first Griddler's Burgers & Dogs online order!

Order now: https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=2365

Offer valid on first online or mobile order for a limited time only., Our Summer Series is ON! This week's special is the Aloha Mr. Hand - Burger with Grilled Pineapple, Bacon and Hoisin Sauce.  It's our Hawaiian take on a burger! From June 8th-June14th on all Griddler's locations! www.griddlersburgers.com, This week's special is The Rancher, a double patty deliciousness with Caramelized Onions, Bacon, Jalapeno-Cheese and Chipotle-Ranch! From June 1st-June 7th, on all Griddler's locations! www.griddlersburgers.com, We're bringing the Firehouse Griddler back as our weekly special! Topped with habanero cheese, pickled red and green peppers, chipotle mayo and lettuce! On all Griddler's locations! wwww.griddlersburgers.com, Yes, bigger IS better! Have you tried the NEW Griddler's yet?
 #griddlersburgers #digin
www.griddlersburgers.com, Have you visited our newest location yet? We'd love to hear your feedback at http://www.yelp.com/biz/griddlers-burgers-and-dogs-boston-2.  Check out the new Facebook page of our Boston Common location: www.facebook.com/griddlersburgersbostoncommon, Are you ready for the NEW Griddler's? We are giving away 200 FREE burgers at our new location, 134 Boylston Street, from noon to 2pm on Monday! #digin, We're proud to announce the grand opening of our second Griddler's Burgers & Dogs on 134 Boylston St on March 9th!, Sneak peak at our new menu launching next week! #grandopening #griddlersburgers #OG #bostonraised, null, Happy New Year! We look forward to an exciting 2014! Thrillist Boston looks back at our decadent creation in 2013! Stay tuned for more special this year!, null, Griddler's Burgers & Dogs stands by our commitment to deliver the best product quality, value and flavor.  We are highlighting this passion by introducing Certified Angus Beef ® brand on all burgers, offering a superior cut of beef better than USDA Prime, Choice or Select, while at the same time supporting over 30,000 ranchers in America's heartland.  Come take a bite of our new Angus beef burgers!, The BRONUT is here! It's a Burger and a Donut. Come get yours every weekend starting Saturday July 20th!, In honor of Presidents Day, we offer you The Presidential Burger: 2 pattys, 2 slices of American Cheese, 3 strips of bacon, 3 onion rings, chipotle mayo, lettuce, & tomato. Be the leader of your own free world, grab a Presidential burger and feel like a BOSS!, It's lunch time!! Come in and try some Sweet Fries with Chipotle Aioli sauce!, Griddler's is now closed due to the snowstorm. Thank you all that braved the early flurries and joined us for lunch. We'll re-open on Sunday at 11am. Stay safe everyone!, For all of those who aren't afraid of these flurries, from now till 2pm you will get a free waffle fry with any order!!, Come in for Lunch we have a fantastic new menu!!!!, Come on down we have new Quarter pound hot dogs!!!, Happy New Year!!!!! We are OPEN!! Come on down for Some Burgers! Dogs! And Shakes!!! I'm gonna be playing James Brown Live at the Apollo all day!!!!, A BIG Merry Christmas and thank you to Whole Foods Charles MGH for giving us some goodies!!! Stop by for a Gingerbread chocolate maple pecan shake!!!!!, Stressed over last minute Christmas shopping? Come on down to Griddlers! We got burgers, dogs, shakes and soul music all day!!, Get them while they last!!Mint Oreo cookie shakes and Pumpkin shakes! I'll be playing some old soul and rockabilly records all day!!, No "Clowning" around!!!.. everyone "Likes" Griddlers!!!!, null, HAPPY HALLOWEEN 2012! On this Oct 31st - Come dressed in costume and get a free Halloween shake with your order!, Sandy has left! Time to grab a juicy burger!, null, null, THANK YOU!!, null, Ask.. and ye shall recieve...., Halloween Special- try our Count Chocula or BooBerry Shakes during the month of October! They're ghoulishly great!, I VANT TO DRINK YOUR SHAAAAAAAAKE!!!!!!!! AHH HAAH HAAAAAAA!, Mmmmmmmmmmm, BACON EGG and CHEESE GRIDDLER!!.. w/ HOT SAUCE and WAFFLE FRIES on top!!!!, null, So

..... this weekend we are trying out the "New Chili".. which is also going to be a New Menu Item in the not too distant future...  Get it while it's HOT!!!.. Did I mention that it is FREE to add Chili on your Dogs or Fries...this weekend only while supplies last lol...I've always wanted to say that......, Can you believe that they made a Holiday just for the Almighty Cheeseburger?!!!   Come see us at GRIDDLER's!!!, Today is NATIONAL CHEESEBURGER DAY!! Come by Griddler's to munch on a juicy burger, some fries and a shake!, Getmyperks.com deal during Burger Week!, For you Nintendo lovers the AB Burger: Avocado, Blue Cheese, & Pico De Gallo, Dominate Your Thursday Taste Buds Introducing The REUBEN GRIDDLER: Sauerkraut, BACON, Swiss Cheese, & Thousand Island Dressing!, Burger of the day "THE HEATER" Jalapeño Relish, Pepper Jack Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Lettuce and Tomato.  Try it with side of waffle fries smothered in the clam chowder!!, null, Friday Favorites taking you into the weekend!  Blue Cheese, Bacon, Buffalo Sauce, Lettuce, Tomato, & Blue Cheese Dressing.  Might as well throw in a Fruit Loop Shake to wash it all down!, If you got a case of the Monday's, come by Griddlers & get yourself a Buffalo Chicken Strip Griddler.  Griddlers fried chicken strips, in our buffalo sauce, blue cheese and lettuce.  

Free gift card to the first person who posts a picture of themselves eating one!, what's for lunch? www.griddlersburgers.com, hamburger bed anyone?, The Boston Phoenix shout out to Griddlers!, Beat the heat with one of Boston's best specialty Milk Shakes!!  Hazelnut Banana, Raspberry Cheesecake, Peanut Butter, Fruit Loop, Apple Pie, Snickers, & Frosted Flakes!, null, Griddler's featured on Stuff Magazine's FEED, We take the win on the Frappe Face-off against JM Curley's, Griddler's opens its doors in Beacon Hill today!, GRIDDLER'S IS NOW OPEN!!!!, Engine #4 dog, null, Griddler's!, Here's a sneak peek of our menu!, Opening December 12th at 11am!, null, Welcome to Griddler's Burgers  & Dogs Facebook page! Get updates on our upcoming soft openings and taste tests, check out our burgers, hotdogs and our daily specials and promos!)