List(We're looking forward to Run Club this Monday night at 6:30! The weather looks like we might get a bit of snow, but rain or shine we will be out there! 

Meet us at our Southie location at 6:30. Afterwards we'll have complementary appetizers and a cash bar for the group! #StephisRunClub, Our "Fat Sunday" Bloody Mary, complete with a mini American slider & a chicken wing, is taking brunch by storm this weekend! Be sure to ask your server about this one!

Our bartender, Kyle's, recommendation: Stephi’s Famous Bloody Mary Mix, Ketel One, celery, olives, pepperoni wedge, lemon twist, & a lemon wedge., Join us Monday nights at 6:30 in Southie for Run Club! Come for a work out and complementary appetizers! #StephisRunClub, This Weekend Only: Set sails with the "Sailor's Delight" Bloody Mary from our bartender, Kevin! This Bloody comes complete with a full mast of shrimp, olives, & hot peppers! Kevin's recommendation: Stephi’s Famous Bloody Mary Mix, Tito's, kosher salt rim, celery, a cucumber slice, lemon, lime, AND... a fish taco!

Be sure to ask your server for a Sailor's Delight this weekend!, TONIGHT from 7:30 - 10:00 Please join CEO of Stephanie’s Restaurant Group, Leo Fonseca, and fellow Team MR8 Runners in fundraising for the Martin Richard Foundation through a night of country music entertainment by the Houston Bernard Band, free appetizers, raffles, and door prizes in downtown Boston!, This Wednesday, 3/23, please join CEO of Stephanie’s Restaurant Group, Leo Fonseca, and fellow Team MR8 Runners in fundraising for the Martin Richard Foundation through a night of country music entertainment by the Houston Bernard Band, free appetizers, raffles, and door prizes in downtown Boston!, This Monday (3/21) our run club will start at 6:30pm! Meet at our Southie location to get in a workout & maybe meet some new faces. After our run we'll have complementary apps & a cash bar! Click the link below for more details:, Top o' the mornin' Boston, and happy St. Patrick's Day!! Spirits are high in Southie and we're stocked up on Irish whiskey.
View our full traditional Irish menu posted on our Facebook wall, and feel free to make a reservation for this weekend right on our website!, St. Patrick's Day is almost here! We're excited to be serving our holiday menu Thursday - Sunday. Join us for some traditional Irish fare, or pop in for warm Irish Coffee & a Guinness at the bar!

Visit our Facebook page to see the full menu posted!, We've finalized this year's St. Patrick's Day menu and are looking forward to a whole lot of this all weekend!, Taco Tuesdays in Southie mean $3 tacos, featured margaritas, and Coronitas buckets! Come see us tonight!, Mondays aren't so bad when you've got Run Club! Meet up with us tonight at Stephi's in Southie at 6. After our run we'll have complementary appetizers & a cash bar! Click the link below for more details:, All weekend we're going to be featuring our Hot Fry! This special is comin' at ya from one of our bartenders, Brooke. She recommends:

GTD Fire Puncher Vodka, ancho chile rim, Stephi’s Famous Bloody Mary Mix, blue cheese stuffed olives, fried Jalapeño, fried buffalo shrimp, 2 pieces of celery, & a side of blue cheese.

Use the links below to make a reservation, & remember to ask your server to try!, Every Wednesday night we've got $1 buck-a-shuck oysters, clams, & shrimp! #RawBar, Come out tonight for the 2nd night of Stephi's Run Club! We had a blast last week & are looking forward to another run & complementary apps after! Meet us at 6:00pm at our Southie location!, Come out this weekend for a "Cali Bloody" creation from Amy, one of our bartenders! Amy recommends refreshing Crop Organic Cucumber Vodka, Stephi’s Famous Bloody Mary Mix, pink Himalayan sea salt rim, avocado, bacon, grilled shrimp, & cucumber! Perfect for daydreaming about the warmer days of summer. Use the link below to make a reservation for brunch. 

Ask your server to try Amy's concoction, and like our page to stay up to date on weekly Bloody Mary madness!, Tonight is the night!! We're kicking off the Stephi's Run Club - Meet us at our Southie location at 6:00pm to get in a run and enjoy complementary appetizers & a cash bar afterwards with the group! Click the link below for more information! See you tonight in Southie - We look forward to meeting you all!, This weekend we're featuring "The Morning After" Bloody Mary, brought to you by our bar manager Alex! Come in for brunch & ask your server to try this special!

Here's Alex's recommendation: Stephi's Famous Bloody Mary Mix, Tito's, cayenne pepper & kosher salt rim. Lemon, celery, bacon, french fries, slider, a steak & cheese egg roll, & a mini boot of Jameson Irish Whiskey!

Use the link below to make a reservation right on our website!, We love brunch more than anyone, and we want to spice things up a bit. We're going to be sharing a featured Bloody Mary every Thursday. The featured Bloody will be served all weekend! When you see one you like, just come in and ask your server!, We are officially one week away from kick off night for the Stephi's run club! Mondays are about to get 10x better., Looking for a workout or just want to meet a few people in the area? Come run with us at Stephi's in Southie every Monday at 6pm, starting 2/29. After each run we'll provide free appetizers for the group & a cash bar!, Join us tonight for buck-a-shuck oysters and wine pairings!, It's Valentine's Day weekend & now the question is... Te-Amo or Te-Quila? Check out our Facebook page for the V-Day weekend dinner & brunch menu, and book a table right on our site using the link below!, We're excited for this V-Day menu all weekend!, We're serving our special Valentine's Day dinner menu Friday through Sunday! Stop on in for a drink, or reserve a table on our website! bit.ly/1OiLMGn, This Buff & Blue Bloody is a custom masterpiece from Shelby, one of our bartenders!

Shelby's Recommendation: Tito's Handmade Vodka, Stephi's, Famous Bloody Mary Mix, Extra Spicy, Old Bay Rim, Buffalo Chicken Wing, Celery, Blue Cheese Stuffed Olives, Bacon, Pickles, Spicy Green Beans, Pepperoncini, Lemon, & Lime, This winter storm is coming down, but it doesn't mean you have to be cooped up inside all night. We'll still be serving our Monday 50 cent wings in Southie!, What's better for a Sunday morning hangover than mac & cheese? We're giving our fans $10 build-your-own mac & cheese bowls every Sunday. Choose your ingredients & toppings, then kick that hangover with some Harpoon favorites., We'll have the big game showing on all of our TVs tomorrow--make sure you're early to grab a seat or table! We have some great food and drink specials available, including build your own mac and cheese! #gameday #superbowl50, We have $6 bowls of mussels every Saturday with featured wine pairings. Have you gotten your Mussel Mania fix yet?, Valentine's Day is just around the corner and we've got a great menu lined up to make it special! Make a reservation right on our website!, Come out tonight for our Thursday night pizza parties! We've got $10 14" pies and Bud buckets all night., For all of those that entered our Free Dinner for Two contest, check your email for your free appetizer voucher! We sent them out yesterday. Enjoy!, This custom bloody is comin' at ya from Matt, one of our bartenders. We like to call it Mary with a Punch!

Matt's Recommendation:
GTD Fire Puncher Vodka, Stephi's Famous Bloody Mary Mix, Extra Spicy with an Ancho Chile Salt Rim, Pepperoni & Cheese Skewer, Cucumber Slice, Celery, Olives, & Lemon! Enjoy!, We're famous for our bloody marys! Our "Build Your Own Bloody" is one of our favorite items on the brunch menu. For a little inspiration, we're going to round up some of our staff's favorite bloody mary concoctions to share over the next few weeks! #StephisBloodyMary, Monday means wing fest in Southie! Enjoy 50 cent wings and Lone Star buckets all night!, We're starting off Fridays in 2016 with $15 pu pu platters paired with tiki cocktails and scorpion bowls!, Our free dinner for two winner was Mikayla Henderson. Congrats Mikayla! To everyone that did not win, please look out for an appetizer voucher in your email inbox soon! Happy Thirsty Thursday!, Thank you to everyone that took part in our free dinner for two contest! We had an amazing response from all of you, and we're excited to have you come in and enjoy. We'll announce the winner later this week, and will be sending along a free appetizer voucher to everyone that entered. We look forward to seeing you in Southie!, Our free dinner for two contest ends today! We want to give everyone a last minute chance to sign up, so we're extending it through today. Everyone that enters will receive a free app! We're looking forward to announcing a winner later this week!, Wow guys, we've had over 1,000 people enter! Only one more day left! We're giving away a FREE Dinner for two to one of our amazing fans! Best of all, everyone is a winner since even if you don't get the dinner, you'll still get an appetizer on the house. Enter now!, In appreciation of all of our fans, we're giving away a chance to win a FREE Dinner for Two at Stephi's in Southie! You guys have made us one of Southie's favorite restaurants, and so even if you don't win the Dinner for Two, we're giving everyone who enters a free appetizer. You only have 3 days left to enter, so take advantage now!, In appreciation of all of our fans, we're giving away a chance to win a FREE Dinner for Two at Stephi's in Southie! You guys have made us one of Southie's favorite restaurants, so even if you don't win the Dinner for Two, we're giving everyone who enters a free appetizer. You only have 5 days left to enter, so take advantage now!, If you are trying to enter our free dinner for two contest and having trouble, it may be because you've already liked our page! Please drop us a private message with your name and email, and we'll be sure to get you entered!, You have 6 days left to enter our FREE dinner for two contest for our Southie location! We love our patrons so much that we're giving a free appetizer to everyone who enters. Don't be left out!, 10 days left to enter our FREE DINNER FOR TWO contest! We've got some great things planned for our fans in 2016. We're getting things kicked off by giving back. So click the link below to enter into our contest! We're giving a free appetizer to everyone who enters. Don't be left out!, Championship Monday! Whether you're an Alabama Football or a Clemson Football fan, there's a spot for you to watch the championship game tonight at Stephi's!, We love our fans! To show our appreciation, Stephi's is giving away a FREE DINNER FOR TWO for one of our Facebook fans! Just click here before January 25th to enter the contest. Even if you don't win, we'll send you a coupon for a free appetizer. It’s a win-win for our fans! bit.ly/1ZgkW1B, New Years Resolution #720: Take less (or more) selfies., New Years Resolution #1000: Treat yourself more often. Better yet, let Stephi's take care of you!, The #Pats may be on a bye, but you should come down and watch the games today stress free! It is scientifically proven that being at Stephi's improves your Sunday., New Years Resolution #909: Do. More. Brunch., New Years Resolution #106: Get out there and meet the man or woman of your dreams., New Years Resolution #45: Catch up with old friends!, We'll be posting our top New Years resolutions all week! What's your #NewYearsResolution? Maybe it's to get a little more variety into your life…, Nothing's better than brunch on Sunday morning!, We might be famous for our bloody marys, but have you seen these mimosas? We can keep on ringin' in the New Year right into Saturday brunch with this setup., Happy New Year!, Happy New Year's Eve from Stephi's!, Join us and help ring in 2016 in style. Great menu lined up with even better cocktails. Space is limited, but check here for last minute reservations. bit.ly/1OiLMGn, We hope you're excited for the New Year! Come on down to Stephi's in Southie and get treated this #NYE. We'v got dinner and drink specials going all night long, as well as a DJ from 9pm-2am and tons of prizes. 

Best of all...no cover! Book your table here or feel free to come join us at any of our bars. We hope to see you there!, It's cold out there, but we've got something to warm you right up, Irish coffee!, We're excited for the New Year and we've got some New Year's Eve specials lined up just for you!, We live for Sundays. Come in for the #Patriots game at 1pm and ease into your day with your own custom #BloodyMary., Looking for a way to use up all of those #christmasleftovers? Some of these recipes even make us jealous. bit.ly/1QUv1QE, Merry Christmas from Stephi's!, Need last minute gift ideas? Stop in to grab a Stephi's in Southie gift card and stay for frosty brew and an app., We don't recommend missing our $1 Raw Bar tonight. Come in after 5pm and get $1 oysters, peel & eat shrimp, clams, and more., We're excited for the New Year and we've got some New Year's Eve specials lined up just for you!  Book your reservations here: bit.ly/1OiLMGn, Little known fact: Stephi's has awesome lunch specials and provides a great atmosphere for those 'business lunches' - Ten different meals for $10 each., Good Sunday morning #Southie. Join us for delicious bloody mary's and brunch. We've got multiple big screens for your #fantasyfootball viewing pleasure as well. #GoPats, Nothing says Saturday like beer can specials and a mouthwatering #latenight menu served until 1am. bit.ly/1UAtVtz, Stephi's has been proud to call #Southie our home for over two years now. Like and follow us to see what new and exciting daily deals, food specials, and events we have lined up for 2016. 
on.fb.me/1YqLexE, It's Friday! Bootup and come down to Stephi's in Southie for BBQ, Tito's Vodka, and country music all night!, What are you doing this #ThirstyThursday? Our ice cold Harpoon could probably make the decision a bit easier…   Harpoon Brewery, #WinterIsComing so come into Stephi's and enjoy some of our winter sangria!, Mondays may be getting old, but $.50 wing nights never do. Come in after 5pm and taste for yourself., Wanna tailgate, but can't make it out to the game? We've got the best of both worlds. Come down to Stephi's for $25 buckets of Bud and all of the tailgating food you could ever need., Stephi's has been proud to call #Southie our home for over two years now. Like and follow us to see what new and exciting daily deals, food specials, and events we have lined up for 2016!, Happy Friday! Come into Stephi's in Southie tonight for #AllAmerican BBQ specials and good ol' country music., Are you ready for #ThursdayNightFootball? Bring your friends and wind down the week with slider specials and special raffles!, It's Wednesday and our ever-popular rawbar is open. Join us for $1 #rawbar: Oysters, clams, and peel n' eat shrimp for everyone!, The holidays are fast approaching! Our recently renovated dining space is a perfect place to host your office party or holiday get together. Click to request more info or book your event: http://bit.ly/1m8CO20, Happy Monday! $.50 wings, then cool off with ice cold Wachusett Brewing Company buckets. Not a bad way to start the week., Good morning #Southie! Join us for delicious Bloody Marys and brunch and stay for the #Patriots game at 4:25pm. Multiple big screens for your #fantasyfootball viewing pleasure as well!, If you have not made your reservation for Thanksgiving yet, now is the time!, Game Day tonight!! Our friends from Bud Light will be here, don't miss out!!, We'll be open for Thanksgiving this year and we hope you'll consider celebrating the Holiday with us. Check out our special menu! Our bar will open from 12 PM on, with our bar menu available. NFL Football will be showing all day on our 16 HD TVs. We hope to see you here!

Please call us at (617) 645 5495 to reserve your table., Thank you to all those that have served and are currently serving, protecting our safety and freedom. Happy Veterans Day., Enjoy the gorgeous day around #southie and see if you can find the last pumpkin for the #stephisscavengerhunt! Winner gets an amazing prize(s) from Stephi's and our good friends at @nurturesalonandspa !! Good luck and happy Halloween!!, Alright folks, here is the second to last clue! I hope you are all enjoying the #stephisscavengerhunt!! Winner gets a Stephi's GC and an AMAZING gift basket from our next door neighbors at @Starbucks !! Happy hunting!, Make sure you join us for the @patriots game tonight! In addition to our TVs in the bar we have some great new ones in our dining room and at the satellite bar (which has been freshly renovated!) #gameday #patsnation #southie, What a gorgeous day out! Perfect to take a stroll around #southie for the #stephisscavengerhunt. Here's today's clue--winner gets a Stephi's GC and a GC to Wears + Wares, We're happy everyone is having fun! Here's the next clue...this pumpkin is hidden somewhere in #southie. Make sure you use the hashtag #stephisscavengerhunt to keep track! Winner today wins a GC to Stephi's and a 3 class pass to our fave neighbors The Handle Bar!! Tag a friend who you would take to a spin class then head over to Stephis with after! Good luck!, Alright folks...#stephisscavengerhunt is officially underway. Would you like to win a gift card to Stephis in Southie AND a prize from B.Y.O.D? Make sure you find the pumpkin and return it to us within a couple of days to claim your prize! Take a picture with it and tag us too ;) and HERE is the first clue....

keep an eye out the rest of the week, different clues will be posted throughout the week for chances to find the pumpkin and win! #southie, It's almost go time...make sure you're following all of our social media accounts, and your friends are too! Next week we are kicking off #stephisscavengerhunt around #southie. We have some awesome prizes to give away...more details to come soon. Stay tuned!, Make sure to give us a quick follow on insta, facebook and twitter--you don't want to miss out! #southie #southboston #stephisscavengerhunt, Hey Southie! Make sure you follow us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter! (@stephissouthie) We have some surprises coming up over the next couple of weeks and you don't want to miss out on the action--you **may** have the chance to win some pretty sweet stuff...if you're lucky! ;) #southie #southboston #stephisscavengerhunt, Thursday night football, sliders and buckets of beer--what more could you want tonight? As always thank you to Casey Lynne for her chalkboard skills! #beststaff, null, Now that the temps are starting to drop and we're slowing getting into the fall season, we've amped up our daily specials -- check them out!, null, Now as the summer is coming to a close, we're switching up some of our daily specials! Come in tonight and following Wednesday's for $1 oysters, peel and eat shrimp, and other raw bar faves!, Freshly tapped Wachusett Brewing Company #bellaczechpils pairs perfectly with our #DeflatePlate appetizer platter. Featured above are lobster corn dogs and meatloaf sliders #nom #gameday #patsnation, Make way - just tapped, just in time for #gameday We're proud to be an exclusive carrier of Wachusett Brewing Company #bellaczechpils come try it out today while you catch the game on one our 9 HD TVs and sample some of our season opener specials, including lobster corn dogs, wings and meatloaf sliders! #patsnation #cityofchampions, With our 9 flatscreen TVs, you're sure to have a great view of the Pats game tomorrow! >>PLUS<< we will be unveiling an exclusive beer on draft tomorrow --any guesses? #stephissummer #gameday #tombrady #america, Tonight...we celebrate! Come in tonight from 8-1 wearing either a Brady jersey or #FreeBrady t shirt and get half off our bar snacks menu #stephissummer, TONIGHT we're serving up some fresh #cocktailsanddreams with none other than Alex Carregal and Sam Binkow featuring off menu food and craft cocktails. Come early before seats fill up!, It’s Sunday Funday and the perfect time to check out this single from the Houston Bernard Band. Support our friends with a donation to their Kickstarter campaign and get their new song to the top of the charts! 

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1092894230/home-is-in-your-arms-houston-bernard-bands-new-sin, We're so excited for our friends the Houston Bernard Band as they get ready to launch their first single, "Home is in Your Arms."  Your donation to their Kickstarter campaign could get this single to the top of the charts.  Please help in any way you can!  

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1092894230/home-is-in-your-arms-houston-bernard-bands-new-sin, Today's national Relaxation Day so wind down and take it easy on the beaches in Southie.  Then join us for our weekend Apres Beach Party today at 5pm.  Fun summer tunes, beers by the bucket, tiki cocktails and half-price bar apps!  #stephissummer, It's Buck-a-Shuck Thursday. Oysters and clams for $1.00 a piece until 8pm tonight.  The raw bar is set and ready to go!, Bring the beach back to Stephi's today at 5pm.  Fun summer tunes, beers by the bucket, tiki cocktails and half-price bar apps! The perfect weekend has begun!  #stephissummer, Beach bound this weekend?  Join us later for our Apres Beach Party today & tomorrow at 5pm.  Beers by the bucket, tiki cocktails, 1/2 price bar apps and summer jams until 8pm!  Loving summer right now!, Raise a wing and "toast" National Chicken Wing Day!  Easy to do when our wings are only $.50 a piece tonight!

http://www.nationalchickenwingday.com, Tonight is all about the $2 Tacos!  And a nice cold margarita of course.  Stop by from 5-8pm and enjoy Tuesday Taco Night!, null, The Pink Agenda's Summer Soirée at Stephi's in Southie is just one week away!  Tickets are still available.  Purchase yours today for this very important and fun event that will raise money for lifesaving breast cancer research.  We're excited to partner with this amazing group!

https://fundraise.thepinkagenda.org/boston/events/the-pink-agenda-bostons-summer-soire/e52772, The party continues after the beach today!  Join us from 5-8 for our weekend Apres Beach party. Summer tunes, beers by the bucket, tiki cocktails and half-price bar apps!  The perfect Sunday is about to begin!  #stephissummer, We're so excited to be working with our friends at The Pink Agenda to host their upcoming Boston Summer Soiree on July 29th.  More details forthcoming but please purchase tickets today to raise money for lifesaving breast cancer research!  It's going to be super fun!, How many oysters can a Southie kid shuck? At $1 a piece, find out tonight! Dining Playbook will be on location to film from 5-6., Perfect day to meet Billy and Jenny PLUS $1 oysters. Dining Playbook will be filming here from 5-6 but we'll keep the oysters flowing 'til 8., Get your shuck on tonight with $1 oysters and clams starting at 5. And another reason? Billy and Jenny of NESN's Dining Playbook will be filming on location until 6., After hitting the Southie beaches today, join us for our Apres Beach Party at 5pm.  Beers by the bucket, tiki cocktails, 1/2 price bar apps and summer jams until 8pm!, Perfect weekend coming up to hit the beaches in Southie!  After you do, join us today and Sunday from 5-8 for an Apres Beach party.  DJ spinning summer tunes, beers by the bucket and tiki cocktails being served in these!!  #stephissummer, Looking forward to rocking lobstah tonight at 5pm! 1 1/4lb. lobster plus all the fixings for only $18.  Let the weekend begin with a delicious lobster, Del's Shandy Pounder or Narragansett Lager!, Tonight, all the wings you can eat for just $.50 a piece until 8pm. Choose from Buffalo, Garlic Parmesan or Asian Sweet Chile Glaze. Stop by and enjoy with a bucket of nice, cold 16oz. Bud & Bud Light beers, 5 for $20. #stephissummer, #USA vs #JPN is on all of our HD TVs!  Come on ladies!  Let's get fired up and get this done! #PassTheLove, The celebration continues!  After a day at the beach, join us for an Apres Beach Party tonight from 5-8pm.  And, of course, the US Women's World Cup Final will be shown on all of our HD TVs.  The day has finally come for our US team to reign supreme in a rematch against Japan. #PassTheLove., Looking forward to Lobstah Fest today at 5pm! 1 1/4lb. Lobster plus all the fixings for only $18. What a way to start the 4th of July weekend!, Looking forward to Lobstah at 5pm today!  1 1/4lb. Lobster plus all the fixings for only $18.  What a way to start the 4th of July weekend!, Just ordering today's Fitness Special for lunch: Blackened Chicken Caprese Salad, Beefsteak Tomatoes, Burrata Mozzarella and fresh Basil served over mixed greens with a Balsamic Vinaigrette.  Light and fresh!, Caught In Southie is digging our Summertime fun! Thanks Maureen!, Looking forward to Burgers & Beers tonight from 5-8pm.  Already thinking of the BBQ Bacon burger with bourbon peach BBQ sauce, bacon, cheddar cheese and fried onion strings.  5 burgers, $5 each!, Thank you @ZagatBoston for including Stephi's in your feature "Top 10 Happy Hour Deals Around Boston."   Check out our weekly deals here.  We have something fun going on every night from 5-8pm!

https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/10-top-happy-hour-deals-around-boston, It's almost 5pm!  Heading to @stephissouthie for tonight's Apres Beach Party where cocktail and sangria pitchers await!, null, It's Friday night LobsterFest this evening from 5-8pm. Enjoy 1 1/4 lb. lobster, corn on the cob & red bliss potatoes for just $18. A great way to kick-off the weekend!  #stephissummer, null, Wednesday night is Wing night! All the wings you can eat for just $.50 a piece from 5-8pm. Choose from Buffalo, Garlic Parmesan or Asian Sweet Chile Glaze wings. Stop by and enjoy with a bucket of 16oz. Bud & Bud Light beers, 5 for $20.  OK to mix those beers up!  A refreshing treat on the way home from work tonight!  #stephissummer, Tonite is Taco Tuesday night from 5-8pm.  All you can eat $2.00 Fish, Pulled Chicken, Pulled Pork and Beef tacos!  And, of course, your choice of three margaritas.  Stop by to see what we're serving at the bar!  #stephissummer, 5 minutes 'til 5 burgers for $5 each.  It's Monday night burgers and beers!  What are you in the mood for?  Mushroom, BBQ Bacon, Buffalo, Tex Mex or, our favorite, Mac & Cheese.  Enjoy with a bucket of Wachusett Blueberry or Summer ales.  5 beers for $20.  Join us tonight from 5-8pm!, The "sun" is shining at our indoor Apres Beach Party later today from 5-8pm.  If you're still looking to treat Dad to something special, try 1/2 price bar apps and beers by the bucket!  Happy Father's Day to all of the Dads out there!, Hey M Street and Carson beach-goers!  Stop by #stephissouthie later today from 5-8pm for our Apres Beach Party.  1/2 price bar apps, tiki cocktails, beers by the bucket, cocktail pitchers and a DJ spinning summertime tunes.  Come right from the beach and let's tiki!!, Hanging with our friends at Ink Block Apartments Sepia- The Condos at Ink Block on a gorgeous day by the Ink Block pool and serving our famous Bloody Mary's to our new neighbors!  #stephissummer, Friday night LobsterFest is on tonight from 5-8pm.  1 1/4 lb. lobster, corn on the cob and red bliss potatoes for just $18. What a deal!  Enjoy with a Del's Shandy Pounder or Narragansett Lager.   #stephissummer, Oysters and clams for $1 each tonight until 8pm.  It's Buck-a-Shuck Thursday featuring Black Point and Island Creek oysters and Top Neck Clams. Jonah crab claws and jumbo shrimp cocktail also available. Thursday nights don't get any better than this! #stephissummer Stephi's in Southie, Thank you West Broadway Neighborhood Association (South Boston) for stopping by and shucking oysters with us!, The week just keeps getting better!  It's Buck-a-Shuck Thursday.  Time for $1 oysters and Littleneck clams.  Pair with beer specials and Starborough Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand.  Tonight from 5-8pm!, Wednesday night is Wing night!  All the wings you can eat for just $.50 a piece from 5-8pm tonight.  Choose from Buffalo, BBQ or Asian Sweet Chile Glaze wings.  Stop by and enjoy with a bucket of 16 oz. Bud and Bud Light beers.  A perfect after-work meal!, Tuesday night is all about the $2 tacos, the margaritas and, of course, the Coronitas by the bucket.  Join us tonight and every night this week from 5-8pm for some good eats and good times! #stephissummer, Thank you to everyone who came to our first Apres Beach Party weekend.  The fun continues next week, but first.....it's Burgers and Beers tonight!  Five burgers, $5 each!  Monday never sounded so good!  We've got something happening every night during the summer!  Stop by and check us out!, Let's have a "tiki!"  Our first Apres Beach party starts today!  Plenty of tiki cocktails served in some very fun tiki mugs.  Stop by and enjoy today and tomorrow, 5-8pm., Happy Boston Pride all!  Perfect day to be #wickedproud., The countdown to the weekend is ON!  And that means our new Apres Beach parties kick-off tomorrow.  Join us every Saturday and Sunday throughout the summer, from 5-8pm, for an after beach party!  Or this weekend, make it a Boston Pride Party too! #stephissummer #apresbeach, Thanks @maureencaught!  Stop by and join us for lunch anytime!  10 delicious items each for only $10!, Hey Southie residents and neighboring businesses.  For a limited time only, we're offering 10 select items from our weekday lunch menu for only $10 each.  That's 10 items for $10 each!  Sounds like a perfect 10 to us!, While we welcome the long weekend, we're much more grateful for all the men and women who have served in the U.S. armed forces.   Today, we remember them.  And thank them., If you're sticking around Boston, join us for brunch on Saturday, Sunday or Monday from 10am - 3pm.  We're brunching all weekend long!  If you're traveling for the long weekend, safe travels to all!, #HappyMothersDay to all the amazing Moms and those we love like Mothers out there!, Hey Handle Bar friends!  Looking forward to welcoming you tonight after class for some delicious Strawberry Southsides.
#GIRLBOSS style. Thanks @KEELVodka from Newport, RI, a premium light spirit with only 58 calories per serving!, Saturday's finally here!  Sox on now.  Derby coming up.  Followed by Mayweather vs. Pacquiao later on.  Come spend the day with us!, Watch the Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Manny Pacquiao fight on our 9 HD TVs and a large screen projection TV.  $25.00 tickets still being sold, but just a few seats remaining.  Call (617) 345-5495 today to purchase., Saturday is going to be a great night! Come on down for the Red Sox vs. Yankees, Derby Party and Fight Night!! Prizes and Giveaways throughout the day!, Thanks to our friends Caught In Southie!, Join us this Saturday May 2nd for our Kentucky Derby Party.
Prizes from Habit and Pretty Reckless boutiques in Southie will be awarded to those wearing the most stylish and creative hats!  
Mint Juleps, Fortunella Smashed & Oaks Lilies will be featured along with Derby inspired fare from our chefs.  Arrive before the race starts and spend the afternoon with us!, Getting excited for Saturday's May 2nd Epic Sports Day!  Our nine HD TVs will be on ALL day non-stop.  Red Sox vs. Yankees at 1:35pm.  The 141st Kentucky Derby at 6:24pm.  And, YES, we will be broadcasting the "fight of the century" later in the evening.  Watch the Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Manny Pacquiao fight on a large screen projection TV.  Tickets being sold in advance.  Call (617) 345-5495 to purchase.  More details coming all week long!, Good luck runners!  Good luck Sox!  And to those watching both, enjoy your Marathon Monday.  What a great day here in the city of Boston!, Marathon Weekend Brunch is on!  The sun is shining and we're doing brunch all weekend long!, Today we mark the second anniversary of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.  Those whose lives were forever changed remain in our thoughts, along with those who responded fearlessly to help others. We remember and will never forget.  Mayor Walsh has also declared today "One Boston Day," a new tradition meant to honor the city's resilience and spread goodwill.  Pay it forward with random acts of kindness throughout the day.  #OneBostonDay
http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/04/14/boston-marathon-bombing-anniversary/25780275/, Sox Home Opener is underway at Fenway Park today as the Sox take on the Washington Nationals.  Catch all the action live on our nine HD TVs. Go Sox!  Welcome back to Fenway!, You know our amazing bartender Alex Carregal has something fun and exciting planned for next week's Movers & Shakers cocktail competition benefiting the Boston Center for the Arts.  Come cheer him on next Wednesday!  
http://www.bcaonline.org/calendar/calendar-of-events/details/693-movers-shakers.html, Looking forward to this weekend's 13th annual Taste of South Boston and supporting the South Boston Neighborhood Development Corp.  Stop by and see us there!, Tonight's NCAA championship game between Wisconsin and Duke will be broadcast on all nine of our HD TVs.  Come in and catch all of the action live, and see some predictions here:
http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2015/04/06/397807506/ncaa-mens-final-wisconsin-and-duke-play-for-it-all-monday-night, Game on where it's the perfect day for a Red Sox win!  Baseball, it's good to have you back!  And of course, we have the game on all afternoon.
http://www.bostonglobe.com/sports/2015/04/06/game-red-sox-phillies/dvGCEpJv5S4UiGwBdhgxIM/story.html, Happy Easter to all of our peeps!  Brunch is served today now until 3pm with a variety of Easter specials like these Easter Peepcakes!, At Easter brunch tomorrow, pair one of our famous Bloody Marys with an asparagus, caramelized onion and swiss omelette special.  Easter brunch is being served from 10am - 3pm., Just got a sneak peek at tomorrow's delicious Easter brunch specials including Roasted Lamb Benedict and Honey Glazed Easter Ham and Eggs.  Join us for Easter brunch Sunday from 10am - 3pm., Perfect brunch weather is here!  Brunch today and do it all over again tomorrow with family and friends.  Easter brunch being served Sunday from 10am - 3pm., What's for dinner tonight?  Let's try the blackened Cajun shrimp served over arugula salad with grilled pineapple, Roma
tomatoes and cucumbers with a lemon vinaigrette.  Yum!, In the mood for something light?  Enjoy today's special - Roasted red pepper hummus plate with sourdough crostinis and a small chopped salad topped with grilled chicken., In case you forgot where you were brunching today!, March Madness is on!  Catch all of the action live on our nine HD TVs.  And, if you need help filling in your bracket, President Obama just released his and he has the unbeaten Kentucky Wildcats winning it all.  Who's your winning pick this year?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/18/obama-march-madness-bracket-ncaa-tournament_n_6893582.html?flv=1, In honor of #StPatricksDay, Irish fare and specialty cocktails are being served all day today. May the luck of the Irish be yours today and everyday!, Thanks to everyone for making yesterday's Parade and St. Patrick's Day celebration so much fun!  Our team had a great time welcoming so many new friends and regulars to Stephi's!, Seeing lots of green today!  Happy St. Patrick's Parade Day all!, Come in from the St. Patty's Day Parade and warm up with an Irish Coffee!, Happy St. Patty's Parade Day Southie.  Let the festivities begin!  Come start the celebration with us!  The parade begins right at our door., Top o' the morning to you all!  #StPatricksDay weekend is upon us! Celebrating today through Tuesday with cocktails like Whiskey in the Jar, beer and traditional Irish fare including Corned Beef and Cabbage., Getting ready for #StPatricksDay weekend with traditional Irish fare and specialty cocktails served Saturday through next Tuesday.  And don't forget the parade starts right outside our door!, Tonight's special is a delicious 12oz. grilled bistro steak, served with pesto whipped potatoes and a combination of sautéed spinach, roasted tomatoes and crispy prosciutto.  Join us for dinner!, Taking advantage of today's warm temps and preparing for the St. Patrick's Day parade on Sunday.  #snowbegone!  The parade starts right in front of our restaurant and we are ready!, Today's special has a little bit of a kick to it: Grilled swordfish served with honey jalapeño butternut squash, grilled
asparagus and a white wine Dijon mustard reduction.  Enjoy at lunch or dinner., What's for dinner on a snowy night like this?  Our version of Shepherd’s Pie sounds perfect!  Roasted half squash layered with ground beef, caramelized onions and corn topped with
creamy mashed potatoes served with sautéed spinach and brown gravy.  Yum!, Warm up with today's Cajun specials!  Blackened Cajun salmon served over wild salsa rice and topped with guacamole.  Or our Cajun beer battered cod sandwich served with Louisiana-style remoulade and sweet pickles on a brioche bun and #OldBay seasoned fries., Time to #DigOutDineOut!  Stephi's in Southie is offering 
$10.00 Comfort Food Entrees: Our famous Meatloaf, Macaroni and Cheese, Shepherd's Pie and our open-faced Thanksgiving sandwich now through March 1st.  Happy to band together with Boston's restaurant community against all this snow!, It's a perfect night for our famous Meatloaf stuffed with cheddar cheese and served with creamy mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy.  A comfort food classic!, Beat the snow with the perfect Bloody Mary or enjoy a glass of Prosecco from our Bubbly Bar.  We're #OpeninBos today for brunch and dinner!, Romance Triumphs! We are #OpenInBos tonight! #BOSnow http://ow.ly/i/8Ec9A, Snow will never stop romance from happening!  Valentine's Day is still on!  We're ready to kick-off a weekend of romance tomorrow night in Southie.  Check out our Valentine's menu here., Cabin fever?  If you're working from home because of the snow come work from Stephi's in Southie.  Free WiFi and PowerUp #bostoncharging portable phone chargers make it a breeze.  A glass of wine helps too!, We're digging out so you can walk safely over. Neighbors, be safe as you begin venturing out into the snow today!  We're open for lunch, dinner and cocktails if you need a break from shoveling.  Be safe everyone!, It's Game Day Southie!!  After brunch ends today, bring on the Super Bowl. Catch all the action live on our 9 HD TVs and celebrate a Pats victory over Seattle with 101.7FM The Bull and Bud Light!  Get here early!, So long Juno!!  We've got something bigger to think about.  Sunday's BIG GAME!  We're going a little country for Super Bowl 49 with our friends from Bud Light and 101.7FM The Bull.  Catch all of the action live on our nine HD TVs and stop by for some great prizes!  Go Pats!!, The perfect drink for this kind of snowy day: Classic Irish Coffee.  Shoveling can wait for a minute or two longer., As you start to venture out into the snow, be safe everyone!  We are open today.  Stop by for a light bite or cocktail for a shovel break.  Special thanks to our amazing staff who stayed in town last night or walked to work today.  You rock!  Safe travels all!, The bar is set high for Brunch today!  Bring on the Bloody Marys and the Prosecco bar!, We can already feel a Pats win coming on!  The Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots square off at Gillette Stadium in today's 2015 AFC Championship Game. Catch all the action from our bar while enjoying our new bar bites like our Nachos or Loaded Potato Skins., Always a fun time with Billy Costa and our Dining Playbook friends!!, Can't wait for Sunday's AFC Championship game and a Patriots win!  Catch all the action on nine HD TVs while enjoying our new bar menu.  See you Sunday!, Game on!  Bring on the Bud, Bud Light and Chicken Wings by the dozens.  Go Pats!  Bring on an AFC Divisional Championship win today!, Well hello Saturday!  Brunch and Eggs Benedict now.  Pats game later on.  It's going to be a great day!, Caught in Southie def. knows Southie!!  Thanks for making us a weekend pick!, What's keeping us warm these days?  Huddling up with wings and beers as the Pats take on the Ravens in the AFC Divisional Championship game on Saturday at 4:35pm.  Catch all the action on our nine HD TVs!  Go Pats!, RENOVATION UPDATE FOR OUR NEWBURY STREET RESTAURANT:

We’re excited to share that today we begin renovations to Stephanie’s on Newbury in Boston's Back Bay.

We’ve been in that landmark location for twenty years and we look forward to being there for another twenty more!

We’ll debut our new look there in the early Spring and promise you that while our appearance will be fresh and new, our classic comfort food favorites will remain the same.

While we renovate our Newbury Street restaurant, please visit us for lunch, dinner and brunch here at Stephi’s in Southie if you’re craving our sophisticated comfort food.

Warmest regards,
Stephanie Sokolove and the team at Stephanie's on Newbury, The countdown to Midnight is on.  See you in Southie tonight for New Year's Eve dinner specials and DJ Gino Castucci spinning at 10pm.  And New Year's Day brunch tomorrow, Fri, Sat & Sun!  Happy New Year to all!, 'Tis the season to Brunch!  We're looking forward to serving Brunch on December 26, 27 and 28, and on January 1, 2, 3 and 4.  Enjoy the holidays with family and friends and then come Brunch with us again and again from 10am - 3pm., Dear Santa: Please deliver us a big New England Patriots win today!  We're all decked out in our holiday best and enjoying brunch at Stephi's in Southie.  Go Pats!, Look who's visiting brunch in Southie today!, Looking forward to welcoming Kris Kringle, aka Santa Claus, to Stephi's in Southie today from 10am - 1pm. His name tag is all ready for him!, We're still here handing out cocoa.  It's a chilly night so feel free to stop by on your way home for some free hot chocolate in front of the restaurant.  It'll warm you right up!, It's Monday night. Time for more free hot cocoa!  Stop by and see us at Stephi's on the way home from work. We're handing out hot cocoa on West Broadway to friends and neighbors walking by until 7pm this evening., All nine TVs are broadcasting the Pats and Dolphins game today.  Swing by and catch all of the action.  It's a great day to squish the fish!, Brunch is about to begin and we're excited to welcome Santa Claus to Southie from 10am -1pm today.  If you've been nice this year, stop by and say hello for some restaurant treats!, Ho ho ho....HOT chocolate!  Baby it's cold outside.  Stop by and see us at Stephi's tonight on the way home from work.  We're handing out free hot cocoa on West Broadway to friends and neighbors walking by from 5-7pm., It's #GivingTuesday. Today - all day - Stephi's in Southie will donate 20% of your bill to Newbury College @NewburyColl. Show coupon below to your server and Give Back!, Tomorrow is #GivingTuesday.  Stephi's in Southie will donate 20% of your bill tomorrow - Tuesday, Dec. 2nd - to Newbury College @NewburyColl.  Bring / show this coupon to your server.  Funds raised will support construction of a new Student Success Center.  Happy to be involved with our friends at Wahlburgers.

http://www.newbury.edu/RelId/622022/ISvars/default/Newbury_College_Partners_with_Wahlburgers%2c_Stephi%E2%80%99s_in_Southie_for_GivingTuesday.htm, As we celebrate our first Thanksgiving in twenty years on Newbury Street, we pause for a moment to say Happy Thanksgiving to all of our guests, friends, family and amazing staff. On behalf of Stephanie Sokolove, we thank you all., Spend your entire Sunday at Stephi's, responsibly of course!  Brunch and Blood Mary's are served til 3pm.  The Pats are on.  And wings and Bud beers by the bucket can be ordered at the bar.  And your phone?  Don't worry, we got that covered too.  Use our free portable phone chargers from PowerUP @powerupcharger., Last night's brisk run deserves today's Southie Fitness Special: Pan seared salmon served over a warm pesto couscous salad with tomatoes and spinach finished with an EVOO drizzle., Today's healthy Fitness Special: Pan seared salmon with roasted beet cous cous and sautéed spinach garnished with lemon zest and a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil.  Sounds both good for you and delicious!, Game day prepping for a New England Patriots win over the Indianapolis Colts later today!, Classic Eggs Benedict for Brunch today?, Today is Veterans Day. On behalf of all of us at Stephi's in Southie, we honor and thank the brave men and women who have served in our nation’s armed forces, in South Boston and beyond., Our good friends Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson of NESN’s Dining Playbook know a thing or two about dining out in Boston and they want to share their tips (and some of their favorite dishes) at the upcoming red-carpet Dining Playbook Gala. Join them at the Park Plaza Castle on Saturday, November 15th and enjoy tastes from 30 New England restaurants including our sister restaurant, Stephanie’s on Newbury. From 7-11pm, you can dance to Eye 2 Eye as you sample your way through some of Boston’s best eats and sip on creative cocktails. A live charity auction will benefit Rosie’s Place. Tickets for this event are $125 per person and can be purchased here. We hope to see you there! http://nesn.com/gala/, Today's Fitness Special looks and tastes great!  It's a Cajun tuna steak served over rice pilaf with baby tomatoes, char grilled broccolini and finished with a chili infused olive oil.  Come and give it a try., Tonight!  It's the BATTLE OF THE BARTENDERS!  Come cheer Stephi's own Alex Carregal onto victory!  Doors open at 7pm at Urban Art Bar on East Broadway.  See you there. Go Alex go!, It's almost game time.  Grab a seat at the bar and bring on the Pats vs. Broncos along with a bucket of Bud beers and chicken wings by the dozens.  Go Patriots!, Catch the Pat's football game while enjoying a Loaded Brunch Burger.  Enjoy a Stephi's oversized burger stacked with bacon, breakfast sausage, fried egg, cheddar cheese, French fries, onions, lettuce, tomato and breaded onion rings on an everything bagel.  Perfect game time snack!, As darkness sets, we remember our shining Mayor Thomas M, Menino and thank him for making our city a brighter place to live and work. Our thoughts and prayers are extended to his family during this time., Game time!  Building our own Bloody Mary, while enjoying brunch and watching the Patriots.  Sunday doesn't get much better than this!, Just a few more days left in October so give this a try before the end of the month.  A Paulaner Munchen available in a one liter stein or half liter mug served with our new Beer Pretzel, a giant soft German pretzel with a cheddar ale dipping sauce., Our big fundraiser is tomorrow!  Please come and support Team MR8.  They're running the NYC Marathon for The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation.  Leo Fonseca, Catherine Renehan, Vicky Shen, Steve Sweeney, Jason Ebbeling and Jim Aberdale are your co-hosts for the evening and will be running in memory of young Martin Richard who was killed during the April 15, 2013 bombings near the Boston Marathon finish line.  Still time to buy your tickets on line to support this amazing organization! 

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, Just saw one of these delicious creations at Brunch today. A Loaded Brunch Burger.  Any idea what it's loaded with?  Yes, there is a burger in there too., In between quarters today, please ask us about Wednesday's Team MR8 fundraiser at Stephi's in Southie benefiting The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation.  Tickets are still being sold.  Please visit the link below to purchase tickets today.  Such a great cause.  Thank you!

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, The pregame is on and we're all excited to see the Pats defeat the Buffalo Bills today at 1pm.  Of course any game against the Bills means lots of Buffalo wings.  Come and enjoy wings by the dozens and Bud beers by the bucket!, Our version of Oktoberfest!  A Paulaner Munchen available in a one liter stein or half liter mug. Enjoy with our new Beer Pretzel, a giant soft German pretzel served with a cheddar ale dipping sauce from our new bar menu., In just under a day, we sold more than 50 tickets for this amazing fundraiser. Please come and support Team MR8 on October 15th. They're running the upcoming NYC Marathon for The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation. Shout out to our own Leo Fonseca, Catherine Renehan, Vicky Shen, Steve Sweeney, Jason Ebbeling and Jim Aberdale who are running in memory of young Martin.

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, One week from today!  Our CEO, Leo Fonseca, and several other Team MR8 runners participating in the upcoming NYC Marathon, are hosting a fundraiser at Stephi's in Southie for The Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation.  This Foundation was formed by the parents of eight-year-old Martin Richard, who was killed during the April 15, 2013 bombings near the Boston Marathon finish line.  We're both proud and honored to host this fundraiser for such an amazing cause and family.  We hope you can join us.  Sign up today via Eventbrite here:

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-mr8-fundraiser-for-nyc-marathon-boston-runners-tickets-13351824667, Today's Fitness Special is Seared Scallops over saffron risotto with baby arugula and white peaches, dressed with olive oil and sea salt.  Offered all day long in Southie., The Bloody Mary's are pouring in Southie.  Care to join us for brunch and a Bloody?. ., Stephanie Sokolove is honored to feature ONEHOPE Wine this month in all three of her restaurants. One glass or bottle goes a long way in the fight against Breast Cancer. Half of ONEHOPE's profits are donated to The Gateway for Cancer Research. Help us support this incredible cause during October!, Are you ready for some Monday Night Football, buckets of Bud & Bud Light and wings by the dozen?  Catch all the action as the Pats take on the Chiefs tonight at 8:30pm.  Get your seats at the bar early!  And get ready to enjoy lots of these!, Today's Fitness Special sounds like a delicious "hold on to summer dish" - Cajun roasted cod filet with citrus and chili rubbed corn on the cob and a roasted vegetable hash drizzled with chili oil., Perfect sunny day for today's Fitness Special in Southie: Herb and parmesan crusted cod fillet with roasted red pepper whipped potatoes and steamed spinach finished with a drizzle of chive infused oil.  Available for lunch and dinner!, Voting is still open!  The search is on for the Best Bloody Mary in America.  Please cast your vote for Stephi's in Southie and bartender Alex Carregal.  We appreciate all of the love and votes coming our way!

http://www.nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA, Welcome to Southie Bridj.  Service from Southie to Longwood is scheduled to begin this morning.  Enjoy the ride!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/09/14/bridj-south-boston-to-longwood-route-schedule-date-times-stops/, Come cheer the Patriots on to victory!  Catching all of the action from the bar at Stephi's in Southie., Sunday Football.  Buckets of Bud.  And wings by the dozens.  Can you say happy?, Thank you to all who have voted so far.  Still time to make our famous Bloody Mary the best in America!  Vote here:

http://nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA, NY's Wine & Food Festival search for America's Best Bloody Mary has bartender Alex Carregal's Bloody in 2nd place. Help us get to #1!  If you're over 21, vote here for Alex & Stephi's in Southie!  Let's do Alex and South Boston proud!  Thanks to all who have voted so far!  Keep the votes coming.

http://nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA, Stephi's in Southie bartender Alex Carregal's delicious Bloody Mary recipe is already in 2nd place for NY's Wine & Food Festival search for America's Best Bloody.  If you're over 21, vote here and often so Alex and Stephi's can move into 1st place and win this award from the Food Network!

http://nycwffbestbloody.org/state.php?sid=MA, Bring on the Pats today at 1pm!  And buckets of beers and chicken wings by the dozen!  Our 9 HD TVs are on and ready to broadcast all the action live. At the bar - five 16oz. Bud and Bud Light aluminum bottles by the bucket for only $20. And wings in one, two and three dozen buckets starting at $8. Sounds like a game winner to us!, Are you ready to kick-off the New England Patriot's winning season?  Huddle up for Buckets of Beers and Wings by the Dozen at Stephi's in Southie.  NINE HD TVs are ready to broadcast all the action. During NFL Monday and Thursday night games, and every Sunday, [that means tomorrow!], Stephi's is offering 5 sixteen-ounce Bud and Bud Light bottles by the bucket for $20.  And wings in one, two and three dozen buckets start at $8.  Come cheer on the Pats with us!, Before you hit M Street beach in Southie.  Enjoy today's fitness special - Egg white breakfast burrito, dirty rice, black beans, pico de gallo, cheddar cheese and avocado topped with salsa roja and salsa verde., See you tomorrow at 1pm. Brady, Brunch and Bloody Mary's. Does Sunday afternoon get any better than that?  It sure does!  How about buckets of beers and wings by the dozen?  Stay tuned Southie!, It's still beach weather!  Today's fitness special in Southie - Roasted bone-in chicken breast served over a sweet potato cake and sautéed spinach with a garlic-lemon jus., Keeping it healthy with today's fitness special in Southie - egg white scramble with spinach, tomato, mushrooms and feta cheese with a cup of mixed fresh fruit., Just caught Alex making a perfect Summer Breeze - Brugal Rum, egg white, lemon and grapefruit juices, topped with a cocoa mix and garnished with a zest palm tree.  A perfect sip on a day like today., Bring it on!  All weekend long., The countdown to Labor Day weekend is on. Bring on the great weather and Sat., Sun. and Mon. brunch, 10am - 3pm!, Today's Fitness Special in Southie is Chicken Noodle Salad - 
Grilled Chicken over Vegetable Soba Noodle Salad with Sriracha-Ponzu and a Pineapple Curry Chutney.  Light and delicious!, Corn is way cool!  Now being served as a daily special through September - Grilled local corn [from Meadowbrook Farm in East Longmeadow, MA] with lime, Parmesan cheese and red pepper butter. Yummy!, Weather was perfect on Sat. for Franklin Park Zoo's 5th Annual Brew at the Zoo.  Lots of fun meeting new friends, hanging out with some great New England breweries, not to mention hippos, kangaroos and giraffes!  Thanks Leo Fonseca, Christian Pavesi and Ron Abbott for mastering the grill., Buzz is building for tomorrow's Franklin Park Zoo's 5th Annual Brew at the Zoo.  Stephi's in Southie will be there!  Will you?

http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/lifestyle/2014/08/hopsters_goes_bananas_for_brew_at_the_zoo, We hope to see you at the beer tasting event of the summer! Brew at the Zoo returns to the Franklin Park Zoo on Saturday, August 16, and tickets are on sale now! http://ow.ly/zITwY #FPZoo #StephaniesBoston #BrewFPZ http://goo.gl/u7Ne5v, Step out for a delicious healthy lunch or come by after work for dinner! Today's Fitness Special:  Broiled Swordfish on top of a bed of Eggplant, Watercress, Red Bell Peppers, Poblano Peppers and Thyme dressed with a Lemon Vinaigrette., We had lots of fun visiting M Street Beach this weekend and handing out custom Koozies with a complimentary appetizer offer. Great to meet so many of our neighbors that we hope to see soon at Stephi's in Southie. If we missed you this past weekend, don't worry.  We'll be back at the beach soon!, Kick start a healthy week a day early! Tonight's Fitness Special: Sesame-Crusted Tuna served over Soba Noodle Wakame with a sweet soy drizzle. #healthydining, Looking for a spot to catch Sunday's Community Shield soccer match between Manchester City and Arsenal? Stephi's in Southie will be broadcasting all the action live from Wembley starting at 11 AM!  #PremierLeague #Arsenal #ManchesterCity #Boston, Check out our Director of Operations Christian Pavesi with George Foreman III at last evening's #FightNight The Club By George Foreman III #everybodyfights, Thrilled to have taken part in the first Fight Night at The Club By George Foreman III What dynamite neighbors! Congratulations to all who fought. #everybodyfights #everybodyeats, One of tonight's dinner specials: Fried lamb chops with heirloom tomatoes, parmesan fried kale, tomato pesto and drizzled with truffle oil. Headed to the beach this weekend? Try today's “Fitness Special" - Grilled Salmon over stir fry vegetables in a sweet soy sauce!, Thanks for the shout out Jenny Johnson! , We always love having Jenny, Billy and the Dining Playbook team at Stephi's in Southie!Check out some of the dishes they tried with our own Stephanie Sokolove!, Look what's now being served at the bar at Stephi's in Southie.
Available at 5pm nightly, we're serving Vermont Cheddar cheese and crackers at the bar. Just a little something to nibble on while you're cocktailing with us., Beat the heat with today's Fitness Special! #healthyeating #summerfitness, In honor of today's World Cup match up it's The Battle of the Apps! 
 
Traditional Curry Wurst (German Bratwurst with a curry ketchup) vs. Argentinan Empanada (pork, raisins, olives, red bell peppers, cumin, paprika, green onion).
 
We're just getting started, join us!, The World Cup finals are here!   Stephi's in Southie is the place to be to catch all the live action and sip on today's themed cocktail: The Champions Cup (muddled cilantro and strawberry with Bacardi Gold, citrus & peach bitters) The match begins at 4 PM #sundayfunday #worldcup, Too early to start thinking about brunch this weekend? No way!  Try our new Bubble Service in Southie. Enjoy a bottle of #Prosecco served with your choice of orange, grapefruit, cranberry or peach juices for mixing!  Let the countdown to the weekend begin!, A healthy take on a burger.  Enjoy today's fitness special all day at Stephi's in Southie! #summerfitness, Looking for something light and refreshing for dinner?  Today's Fitness Special is a crunchy vegetable salad with fresh strawberries and grilled shrimp with a peach and red pepper vinaigrette., The World Cup finals are getting closer and today Brazil takes on Germany!  Chill out with us at 4pm at Stephi's in Southie. As always, we're serving up themed cocktails and delicious bar bites. Stop by and cheer on your favorite team., Join us tonight for a healthy dinner that isn't only satisfying but delicious too! #summerfitness, As the temps continue to rise, we all want to eat more healthy while enjoying a meal that's not overwhelmingly filling. It is bathing suit season after all. Stephi's in Southie is now offering daily "Fitness Specials" that satisfy without making you feel guilty or uncomfortably full. 

Today’s Fitness Special is Blackened salmon with baby arugula, pickled cabbage slaw, fresh tomato cilantro avocado guacamole and pineapple salsa. Sounds perfect to us!  Come in and try it today., Just caught a glimpse of tonight's special in Southie! Beat the heat and enjoy Grilled salmon with summer tomato, asparagus and faro salad, and red beet tzatziki., Skip out of work a bit early and join us at Stephi's in Southie to cheer on Team USA!  We'll be broadcasting the game on our nine HDTV's, serving up themed cocktails and delicious bar bites. See you at 4 PM!, Come in, chill out and enjoy tonight's special in Southie - Pan seared duck breast over garlic and butter couscous topped with sauteed leeks, snap peas and oven roasted tomatoes., Take a break at lunch and head to Stephi's in Southie to cheer on Team USA in today's World Cup match vs. Germany at 12 PM! We'll be broadcasting all the action on our nine HD TV's and we'll have a cocktail match of our own: The AC Slater (made with Mitcher's Rye, Nonino Amaro, lemon juice and St. Germain) vs. The German Radler (made with St. Paulie Girl and Lemonade). This is the match not to miss! Go USA!, Join us today at Stephi's in Southie for more World Cup action! It’s a must-win game for Greece as they take on Ivory Coast. We’re gearing up for today’s cocktail match up:  the Greece (made with Ouzo, St. Germain, lemon juice, Peychads and Orange Bitters) vs. the Ivory Coast (made with Bacardi, Domaine Canton rosemary, Vanilla Syrup, Mint, Orange Flower Water, Lemon and Pineapple juice). We’ll be broadcasting the game on our nine HD TV’s starting at 4 PM today!, A perfect summer time meal.  Our classic Cobb salad with grilled chicken, corn, tomatoes, egg, cheese, red onion, bacon, avocado and romaine lettuce, tossed with blue cheese dressing and served in a crispy flour tortilla shell.  Pair it with a glass of refreshing iced tea.  Delicious!, The World Cup action continues today with a must win game for Group C as Japan takes on Greece at 6 PM!  Join us for all the action live at Stephi's in Southie. Our cocktail match up for this evening: Tokyo by Night (made with Cognac, Orgerat Syrup and Angostura Bitters, served up in a martini glass) vs. Ouzo Sunrise (made with Vodka, Ouzo, Lemon Juice, Orange Juice and a Grenadine sink, served on the rocks) #WorldCup #Boston, We are looking forward to the Summer Solstice Cocktail Party Fundraiser for The West Broadway Neighborhood Association  later this week. Hope to see our friends and neighbors there! https://www.facebook.com/events/1515489158672641/?source=1, Who’s ready to see USA take on Ghana at the World Cup!?  FIFA fans have been packing our bar all weekend and we’re gearing up for USA’s first match tomorrow at 6PM. Tomorrow’s cocktail matchup: Ghana (Le Colonale – made with muddled cucumber, Hendricks Gin, Domain Canton ginger liquor and lemon juice, served on the rocks) v. USA (New York Sour – made with Mitchers Rye, lemon juice, simple syrup and a Malbec Float served up in an Irish Coffee glass).   Check out the game and our cocktails tomorrow!  Go USA!, Alex is ready to pour Pimm's Cups for tonight's World Cup match between England and Italy!, World Cup coverage continues today here in Southie. Watch England take on Italy on our nine HD TV's. Today's cocktail matchup:  England (The Pimms Cup - muddled cucumber, lemon juice, simple syrup, Pimms, Bombay Sapphire served on the rocks with ginger beer) v. Italy (Peroni beer). The action starts this evening at 6 PM., Happy Pride Weekend Boston! To all of our LGBT friends in Back Bay, South End, South Boston and beyond!, Give Dad the day off from the grill.  Treat him to Brunch this weekend at Stephi’s in Southie.  The only decision he needs to make?  What to put into his Bloody Mary., Shout out to our great friend Jenny Dell who's joining CBS NFL Broadcasts as a sideline reporter. Congratulations Jenny from all of your friends at Stephanie's. See you on CBS this fall! http://www.boston.com/sports/football/2014/06/10/jenny-dell-joining-cbs-nfl-broadcasts/2Uhlo0G4sqeJZK63l6n5yM/story.html, The World Cup starts today and Stephi's in Southie is the perfect spot to watch all of the action from Brazil! We’re celebrating today’s opening game, Brazil v. Croatia, with a match of our own - The Caipirinha (made with Lebanon Cacha, muddled lime, simple syrup and served on the rocks) v. The National (made with Cherry Herring, Luxardo Maraschino liquor, lemon juice, simple syrup and served over crushed ice). May the best team & cocktail win.  See you at 4pm today in Southie!, Excited to welcome Maureen Dahill from Caught In Southie and her friends for a fun-filled Stephi's Wine Club. Let the Chablis flow!, Get in the zone at Stephi's in Southie for all upcoming FIFA World Cup games. Catch all the action on our nine HD TVs starting Thursday! http://bit.ly/WorldCupTimeZones, Good morning Southie!  Join us for brunch today starting at 10 AM and catch a FREE ride to Stephi's on the Southie Shuttle if you live in the neighborhood.  www.southieshuttle.com, It’s race day!  Join us for all of the Belmont Stakes action at all three Stephanie's locations today. The first race is at 11:30 and we’ll be pouring Belmont Breezes all day., Come and see California Chrome's bid for the Triple Crown tomorrow at Southie. The Belmont Stakes will be on and The Belmont Breezes will be flowing!   First race is at 11:30am., Stephi's in Southie headed to Boston's Franklin Park Zoo this weekend to take part in their first annual wine tasting event, Uncorked.   Amazing weather along with great wines and food.  $20,000.00 was raised to help support Franklin Park Zoo, and their education programs and conservation efforts.  Thanks Leo Fonseca, Christian Pavesi, Ron Abbott and Jeromy Morse for spending the day at the Zoo with us!, Our Bloody Mary Mix just got a makeover.  Check out our new look and enjoy our mix this weekend as you Build Your Own Bloody Mary at Brunch today (Sat) and tomorrow!, A fresh Watermelon Martini at Stephi's in Southie?  Don't mind if I do!, Last night we welcomed some of the city's top concierges to Southie for a Wine Club social at our Wine Bar. Such a fun night with a great group of people.  Thanks to all who joined us!, The long weekend continues! Join us for brunch today from 10am-3pm., We loved this article by the Editors of Food & Wine who shared their thoughts on the best pairings to go along with one of our favorite summer dishes – tuna tartare. Test their suggestions (red Bordeaux!) with our Ahi Tuna Tartare (a guest favorite!).  What wine would you pair with Tuna Tartare? , The long weekend is upon us!  Join us for brunch all weekend and enjoy Memorial Day Brunch with us on Monday from 10am-3pm. We’ll be serving up your favorite summer cocktails and warm weather fare., Fantastic bartenders, delicious cocktails, perfect atmosphere and complimentary Kit Kats! Thanks Lance M. for this awesome review on Yelp!   Come back and see us soon., Another Wine Club social at Stephi's in Southie.  A great way to spend Tuesday night with friends.  Thanks ladies!  It was our pleasure to host you., Stephanie Sokolove, restaurateur, comfort food aficionado and Mother to three daughters, wishes all Moms a very happy Mother's Day., Have you made reservations for Mother’s Day brunch yet? Treat Mom to brunch fit for a Queen at Stephi’s in Southie. Reservations recommended:  (617) 345-5495, We were honored to participate in last night's benefit for the families of fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy. Thank you to Steve DiFillippo, Davio's and all of the talented chefs who helped make the event a great success!, This evening, our three restaurants will join Davio’s and the Boston restaurant community for a fundraiser to benefit the families of fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy.  We’re honored to play a small part in this great cause.  Limited tickets are still available: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/benefit-for-families-of-the-fallen-firefighters-tickets-4348889646, Chef Corey Comeau is introducing a special Cheeseboard this evening in Southie.  Available at our Wine Bar tonight's Cheeseboard includes triple cream brie, American grana, smoked mozzarella, farmhouse crackers, sliced tart green apple and honey marmalade. The Cheeseboard pairs nicely with all of the wines we serve from the Wine Bar., Bar Manager Alex (right) and Barback Ryan in their sombreros celebrating Cinco de Mayo and pouring lots of Coronaitas.  How did you celebrate Cinco de Mayo? (Can you ID the photo bomber?), Our Stephi’s Wine Club gatherings are getting pretty popular in Southie!  Reserve our wine bar for groups of 10 and enjoy personalized wine pairings with small plates of comfort food. Our expert wine directors will tell you everything you want to know about your selections. French whites? California Chardonnays? Let our new wine list guide you and reserve your evening with friends by calling 617-345-5495, The beautiful weather has inspired our expert bartenders to create hot new cocktails like the Prop Joe. Made with Sambuca, St. Germain, lemon juice, orange bitters, peychauds bitters and garnished with a black licorice stick and orange wheel – you’ll be giving props to this new cocktail addition to Southie!, It's #DerbyDay! Mint Juleps, Low Country Ham & Biscuit Sliders, Kentucky Burgoo, Bourbon Pecan Pie & all the Derby action LIVE at Stephi's in Southie!, Gearing up for Cinco de Mayo. Sampling the Coronaitas early!, There’s no better way to say “I Love You, Mom” than treating her to Mother’s Day Brunch at Stephi's in Southie!  Enjoy Chef selections and brunch cocktails fit for a Queen including Roasted Spring Vegetable and Gruyere Frittata, Smoked Salon Hash or Lobster Benedict. Advance reservations recommended: 617-345-5495, We’re honored to join Davio’s and the Boston restaurant community on May 7 for a tasting event to benefit the families of the fallen firefighters, Lt. Edward Walsh Jr. and Firefighter Michael R. Kennedy. 25 restaurants will come together for a grand tasting and live auction hosted by our friend Billy Costa. Hope you can join us for this very worthy cause! For tickets: : https://www.eventbrite.com/e/benefit-for-families-of-the-fallen-firefighters-tickets-4348889646, Thanks to our friends at UrbanDaddy Boston for the Southie Julep shout out today! It's almost #Derby time!  http://bit.ly/1ftTUDa, Stephanie's Coronarita anyone? The countdown to Cinco de Mayo is on. Fiesta with us all day long!, Mint Juleps, Kentucky-inspired chef selections & all the #Derby action…LIVE at Stephi's in Southie, Saturday May 3rd! May the horse be with you!, null, Good luck to our amazing Stephi’s in Southie bartender, Alex Carregal, who will be mixing up the Southie Sparkler at tonight’s Boston Center for the Arts Movers & Shakers cocktail competition!   Made with Berkshire Mountain Distillers Greylock Gin, lemon, crème de cassis and topped with a splash of champagne - the cocktail will be paired with Lemon and Blackberry Mousse with Pound Cake Crumble!   We'll keep you posted as the competition heats up later tonight!  https://www.facebook.com/events/558270560953790/, Looking for the perfect way to say "Thank You" tomorrow in honor of your favorite Administrative Professional? Treat them to lunch or dinner at one of our three Stephanie's locations or send them on a well deserved night out with a Stephanie's gift card!  http://bit.ly/1icWfm5, Congratulations to all Boston Marathon runners today including our own Leo Fonseca. We are Boston.  We are Strong.  We are united in our cheers for both runners and our great city!, Today we are all #BostonStrong.. We really do #LoveBoston http://bit.ly/1eupeRz, 
Brunch is on at 10 AM.  Don't forget, if you live in Southie, you get a FREE ride to and from Stephi's in Southie on the Southie Shuttle. For more details: www.southieshuttle.com  See you soon! 
, Excited to read this great customer review of our Brunch on Open Table!  Join us Saturday and Sunday for Stephi’s in Southie Brunch and see what all the buzz is about!, Have you heard about our new wine club being offered in South Boston? Perfect for birthday gatherings and social outings, you and 9 friends can take over our wine bar in Southie and sample four wines over four courses for only $40 per person. See below for more details and how to book!, Our chef has added this to tonight's dinner menu: 

Braised Short Rib with German potato salad, lemon garlic aioli, roasted asparagus and finished with crispy carrot.

Pair it with a Joel Gott "Alakai" Californian wine, a Rhône-style blend of Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre.   Enjoy!, Save the Hunt for Eggs. Not Brunch! Celebrate Easter Brunch with us on April 20th from 10 AM – 3PM. Enjoy Executive Chef Corey Comeau’s featured holiday menu items paired with an award winning Bloody Mary or Executive Mimosa. Easter menu items include: Grilled Asparagus Frittata, Farmhouse Hash and Honey Glazed Easter Ham and Eggs.  Advance reservations are recommended., Here we go Red Sox! It's great to have you back in town. Show us those World Series rings! Not at Fenway today? Join us at the bar for all the action. , Check out Billy, Jenny and our own Stephanie Sokolove on this week's Dining Playbook on NESN. Filmed recently right here at Stephi's in Southie, the segment re-airs today at 3:30pm and on Friday at 6pm. Set your DVR or check it out below! , Time to get social over wine! Join Stephi's Wine Club in South Boston......You and 9 friends can take over the wine bar at Stephi's in Southie to learn more about wine and food pairings.  Sample four wines over four courses for only $40 per person. Check out the flyer for more details and how to reserve you spot!, Great to meet so many friends at Taste of South Boston last night.  What an awesome event for a wonderful cause that's important to us as neighbors and friends of The South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation.  Hope to see everyone we met at Stephi's in Southie soon!, "Our lives are all connected and we continue to be one Boston," and one Back Bay -- please support our neighbors, the first responders and their families who were impacted by yesterday's fire.  Please see the attached from The One Fund for more details., Just popped into the kitchen here at Stephi's in Southie and caught a glimpse of tonight's soup special! Come by and enjoy Split Pea Soup with floating Pan-Seared Scallop on top of a grilled Crostini., Chef's selection this evening from Stephi's in Southie: Seared tuna served with black bean quinoa cake and citrus avocado salad and 
charred scallion purée. 

Enjoy in the restaurant or at any of our bars, including our Wine Bar!, It's the first day of Spring AND the first day of March Madness!  We’ll be broadcasting all of the action at all three of our locations today and throughout the tournament. Let the Madness begin!, Thanks everyone for making our first St. Patrick’s Day Parade celebration so much fun!   The celebration continues.  Join us today for Corned Beef & Cabbage, Bangers & Mash and cocktails that will make your friends green with envy!, Parade Day is here!  We open at 10AM and we’re celebrating with a special Parade Day menu – complete with Irish inspired cocktails and fare. Try our Finnegan’s Wake (Tullamore Dew Irish whiskey shaken with fresh lime juice, topped with ginger ale) or go green with a Blarney Mary (Yellow tomatoes, tomatillos, cucumber, apple and fresh horseradish made with Tito’s Handmade Vodka).  Top o’ the morning to ya! http://on.fb.me/1gAqA81, We can’t wait to see everyone tomorrow at the parade!  It starts right outside our door on Broadway and we’ll be celebrating with specialty cocktails, like the Black Velvet Band (Prosecco topped with Guinness Stout).  Our doors open at 10AM!  Full Parade Day Menu: http://on.fb.me/1gAqA81, Our amazing bartender Erica is getting ready for the big weekend ahead by  perfecting her Classic Irish Coffee making skills.  Check out our full traditional Irish inspired menu available through Monday or check back later today for details on Sunday’s special Parade Day menu!, Our famous Stephanie’s Bloody Mary goes green in celebration of St. Patrick’s Day weekend! The “Blarney Mary” blends tomatillos, apple, cucumber and spinach and can be served with Tito's Handmade Vodka to give it a Shamrock glow!  Take our word for it – anyone who misses out his weekend will be green with envy.   Available Saturday through Monday!  Check back tomorrow for more details on Sunday’s Parade Day specials!  All the action starts right here., We're getting in the St. Patrick’s Day spirit and excited to share our traditional Irish inspired menu, available Saturday through Monday!   Joining us on March 16th Parade day?  The action kicks off right at our front door and we’ll have even more reasons to celebrate St. Patty's Day.  Stay tuned for more details!, Our Chef's selections are being finalized for St. Patrick's Day weekend!
We hear that Corned Beef & Cabbage, Bangers & Mash, Guinness Beef Stew and a traditional Irish Breakfast will be served. Stay tuned for more St. Patty's Day updates!, Our pastry team is busy working on a St. Patrick's Day dessert! How does Baileys Irish Cream Cheesecake sound to you?, The countdown to St. Patrick's Day is on.  We look forward to celebrating with you this weekend!, It’s almost time for Sunday Funday Brunch! Don’t forget, if you live or work in Southie, Southie Shuttle will bring you to and from Stephi’s in Southie for FREE! Brunch starts at 10 AM!, Time for a little trivia!  Can you guess how many Bloody Mary’s we sold in 2013?  Reply to this post with your count and you’ll automatically be entered in a drawing to win Brunch for Two at any of our three locations!, Fun Fact Friday:  Did you know that the Southie Shuttle offers FREE rides to and from Stephi’s in Southie if you live or work in South Boston? Yes, it’s free, safe and practical!  Visit southieshuttle.com for more details!, Check out Stephi's in Southie at the Friends of Dana-Farber's Chefs Cooking for Hope event last night. Lots of fun and all for a great cause! Proceeds from the event benefited cancer research and care at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Our Braised Short Ribs served on edible spoons were a big hit!, We had a blast filming for Dining Playbook with Billy, Jenny and our own Stephanie today! Special thanks to our friends and lunch guests from The Lenox Hotel - Boston, Boston Spirit Magazine and Michael Barnum Studio!, Come see Executive Chef Corey Comeau and Stephi's in Southie at the Friends of Dana-Farber's Chefs Cooking for Hope tasting event. Sample signature dishes like Stephi's Braised Short Ribs and sip award-winning cocktails, all for a great cause!   Tonight, Thursday, March 6, 2014, from 6:30 to 9 p.m., at 125 High Street, Boston. Proceeds benefit cancer research and care at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, It's almost time for Munch Madness, the Boston Globe's annual tournament of restaurants. We need your help to include Stephi's in Southie in their bracket, which pits 64 restaurants against one another.  From this list, pick your top 20 choices for inclusion in the battle, and don't forget to include Stephi's in Southie! The Globe will take everyone's input into account and use popularity to help with the seeding process. Official play kicks off March 19.  Thank you and let the games begin! http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness_preliminary_2014/, It’s a lunch date! Tomorrow join Billy Costa and Jenny Johnson as they film their new show on NESN, Dining Playbook, with us. Catch all the fun (and a great lunch menu too) starting at 11:30 AM! http://nesn.com/dining-playbook/, Last week, we were honored to host the Pride in Our Workplace 2014 networking event. Such a great group and the evening was a huge success!  More than 140 people attended, representing 50 different companies and organizations in the greater Boston area. Special thanks to Boston Spirit Magazine and SILO Distillery!, We are excited to announce the arrival of Yuengling on tap!  Help us in welcoming America's oldest brewery to Boston and check out this story on Yuengling from today's Bostonherald.com Cheers! http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/fork_lift/2014/03/yuengling_hits_boston_today_game_changer_biggest_beer, Good morning fellow Brunchers! Brunch kicks off at 10 AM today and Kennedy of Mix 104.1 will be hosting a very special second edition of Bloody Mary Sunday from 12 PM – 2 PM.  The food looks great and the Bloody Marys will be pouring.  See you soon!, The countdown to St. Patrick’s Day 2014 is underway! With just under a month to go, we've been busy working on authentic Irish dishes and cocktails for all of our locations. Stay tuned for details.  It’s going to be an exciting weekend., We’re loving the weather today and getting ready for another Bloody Mary Sunday hosted by Mix 104.1's Kennedy and Tito’s Handmade Vodka.  Last week was a blast so don’t miss out. Build Your Own Bloody Mary [BYOB!!] and take home some Mix 104.1 swag!, Heading into the final days in Sochi, the US Men's 2014 Olympic hockey tournament is on fire! Catch their semifinal game against Canada at 12 Noon today at all three of our locations., Today at 12 Noon, the USA Women's Hockey team takes on Canada for the GOLD medal. Our eight flat screen TVs will carry all of the action.  Join us at the bar for lunch and GOLD!, null, It’s true! Your favorite destination for sophisticated comfort food is landing at Logan Airport in April. Our newest Stephanie's will have 120 seats and a full bar, located in the Terminal B connector. Read the full story! http://bit.ly/1h1GZEm)