List(Pickle chips!! Oh my, null, Snappy Pattys is calling your name., Rapidly closing in on spring with our heads high and eyes set on attempting to open up our patio out back again this year.  Really positive meeting with the wonderful new Mayor Burke / her team at city hall and things look great at this point!  Hopefully we'll all be having drinks under the stars here in amazing west Medford come mid spring!  Stay tuned! Special thanks to the people at city hall helping us make this happen!, Maine Fennel Poached Lobster with Winter Vegetables in a Lobster Coriander Broth! Stop on in tonight and try one out!, Maine Hard Shell Lobster & Winter Vegetable Soup tonight. SORRY BUDDY!, null, Here at Snappy Pattys we don't always put Hollandaise on everything.... But on Saturday and Sunday brunch we do.... #insanebreakfastsandwich, Brunch starts at ten today! Get out of the rain and come join us! Also- don't forget to hang around for the game, two new TV's!, 10 am Weekend Brunch........., Watching yellow submarine tonight and serving a red miso and shrimp dumpling soup special. Come have some hot soup on a cold night and wonder what the #### the Beatles were taking when they made this movie!, null, null, What is made of white rum passion fruit....cactus pear... and goes down like honeymoon pajamas?    Snappy Punch, null, null, and we have great burgers!, null, null, We were there for the inaugural concert!  The next one is coming on 10/17., null, Exciting news!  We have been selected to serve our food at the Chevalier Theatre's new OnStage! Series inaugural event!  Get your ticket to amazing music and dine on our delicious food., null, The AC is on and the tea is cold!  Drop in for lunch and cool off!, null, null, Please help us!  We have launched our new website.  Will you check it out?  Do you like it?  What would make it better?  We need your honest feedback. Www.Snappypattys.com, null, null, null, null, null, Thanks to Lauren Webel for naming our patio- "Snappy Patty-O"!  Please accept an appetizer of your choice on the house as our small way of saying Thank You!!, null, Who's cooking your patties tonight?  You're in good hands.  Omar Zapata, worked for Todd English for many years., The word is getting out!  Can't wait to open the patio!, null, #snappypattys

Spring menu launched. Going a few weeks early with it ....... thank god for greenhouse farming!, Don't forget The Barra MacNeils: A Celtic Celebration at Chevalier on Saturday night!  Show us your ticket on Saturday and get a snappy 10% off your food bill before or apres the concert., null, New work of art up on the walls-Bogart and Bacall?, Have you gotten your tickets yet to the The Barra MacNeils: A Celtic Celebration at Chevalier?  Get 10% off your dinner on March 7th when you show a ticket to the show!  Come before, come after, we'll be here waiting to serve you!, null, Thanks for letting us know that we were in The Boston Globe again yesterday!  (look up in the North Boston section)!, We are supporting this performance on March 7th at the Chevalier Theatre!  We bet EVERYONE can sing the lyrics to this one.  ;)  Come for an apres-concert dinner!, We love to hear about learning  to cook  Medford Farmer's Market from around the world and so glad to hear of the support for our wonderful Medford Family Network  Maybe we can do something together!, Had enough being stuck in the house?  Let us be your change of scenery!  We'll be open Wednesday 11-11pm so you can get out without going far!  Come on!, Watching this video of Chef Nick describing the new brunch menu will have you suddenly feeling hungry and making plans for brunch this weekend!, Thanks The Boston Globe! 

"At Snappy Pattys in West Medford, you will fall hard for the patty melt sliders, fried chicken, and more. In fact, you’ll want to order everything on this appealing menu from Franklin Southie alum Nicholas Dowling. The food is bold, with saturated flavors and real high-fidelity tastes. It’s amazingly good.", A delectable winter dish- braised boneless rabbit!  If you haven't had it, this is the time and the place to try it...with Brussel sprouts, parsnips and carrots! It will never be better!, Tomorrow is the first day of the new brunch menu!  Don't forget to let us know what you tried!, Warning!  This  might make you go outside...For the rest of the winter, if the temp is below 30, get a COMPLIMENTARY hot spiked Apple cider with the purchase of an entree!  Doesn't that make you feel warm?, Been waiting to try Brunch?  Here is the perfect reason to try it this weekend-the new menu!!  Here's a pic of the menu.  Let us know what you would order if you came in this weekend!, Breathe easy about giving your kids our patties!  Chef Nick Dowling only uses hormone-free and antibiotic-free beef, in case you were wondering...and please thank Jamie Oliver, too, for changing MacDonald's practices!, There was a question yesterday about gluten free items. Not only are there gluten-free items, there is an entire menu of gluten-free and vegetarian items!, null, Thank you for all of your opinions about the pic!  Here are the latest ones from the shoot today, and as you can see, WITHOUT LETTUCE.  But since those who did offer an opinion were such sports, you can go to the restaurant, tell the wait staff your name (which they will have on a list) and you can get a 10% discount on the slider platter until the end of January.  It was fun!  Thank you!, There will be a photo shoot with Chef Nick tomorrow afternoon at the restaurant.  You should have some new food pics to drool over in a few days!  What do you think?  With the lettuce or without?, Happy New Year to our loyal fans and customers!  Thank you so much for making 2014 such a success!  We are looking forward to 2015 with you!, Ready for a vegetarian option that will knock your socks off?  Try the mushroom tagliatelle!  To die for!, NEW YEARS DAY BRUNCH - Join us!!, The Winter Crispy Pork Belly will make you reminisce a summer pork picnic.  sweet! salty! Crispy Bacon butter on crunchy goodness at its finest!!, Wagyu Skirt Steak w / double order mashed, and demi glaze., Owner Adam Gazzola with his son, Alex, and family friends Alannah and Robbie enjoying dinner at the restaurant.  A good time was had by all!  Bring your family and friends!, Yahoo!  Our Patty Melt Sliders were chosen as one of the Top 12 Delectable Cheap Dishes of the Year!!, The new cauliflower soup is a great winter warmer!  or try the mussels and a beer!, New winter menu now available!  Some new dishes and some old fav's., It's a perfect cold, gray Sunday to have brunch with us!  What appeals to you today? We think the Chorizo Omelette would warm you up!, Beautiful pics from The Boston Globe article!, Welcome to the Medford Farmer's Market Board of Directors who is joining us for dinner tonight.  Great idea!, Don't forget to make your New Year's Eve Party reservation with us!  We'll have a great time ringing in the New Year!  Send email to lily@snappypattys.com, null, null, Just wanted to let you know that Snappy Pattys will be on Phantom Gourmet this Saturday at 11am on myTV38.   Feel free to let everyone know!, Come join us for lunch! Until 3:30 pm, Monday- Friday!, We are opening on Mondays now... We will start with dinner at 5:30pm this evening... come one come all., RIBBON CUTTING 1pm tomorrow... those who make the media timed event... will be Patty Melt Happy., Dear neighborhood and traveling foodies, we thank you for your patronage...although our A.C.  was serviced, and performing our open kitchen concept continues to draw all the cold air out the hood.  We are working to find a remedy., Fish Taco's, null, Chef Nick and son Aidan.., null, http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/09/02/snappy-pattys-medford-everything-appealing/pnwFvcLxJ2tbn7AwXGYoeL/story.html

Thank you Sheryl Julian, and Suzanne Kreiter!!, WE OPEN THURSDAY NIGHT. ..... who's coming. ..., Next week Medford...., null, If all goes according to plan we open in 2 weeks!!!!!, null)