List(Good morning, Ohana! Today will be our last day vending this season. Come see us off! We will be at Trinity Pl., right by Back Bay for lunch., Good morning, Back Bay! We will be at Trinity Pl. today! Hope to see you all!, Good morning! Today will be our last lunch shift @athenahealth until next spring. TY to all of our supporters! Come send us off with a bang!, Good morning! We will be at Trinity Pl. today for lunch. Right by the Back Bay T Station!!, By popular demand, Lilo's bringing back our Fall Pumpkin and Apple Curry. Come try a plate at our Trinity Place location tomorrow at lunch!, We are here @NightShiftBeer where are you?! Come hang out with us on this beautiful night!, Happy November! #Lilosplates will be @athenahealth today for lunch!, Good morning! We will be at Trinity and Stewart today for lunch! Right by Back Bay T Station! Come try our new Curry Rubbed Chk!, Good morning, Milk St. Ohana! Today will be our last day vending on Milk St. Thank you all for your loyal support! Sorry no Musubi today :(, Check out our friends at Ganko Ittetsu Ramen. Its hidden but a wonderful place to eat!, Good morning! We will be @athenahealth today for lunch. Come join us on this crisp fall day!, Lilo's will be at Trinity Place today for lunch. Right by the Back Bay T Station. Come on by and grab a Kalua Pull Pork aka a hand warmer., We will be at Night Shift Brewery tonight in Everett! Come for our new Chix Stix, but stay for Night Shift's brews!!, Good morning! We are at the AthenaHealth campus today for lunch!, Morning morning to you all! We will be at the Wicked Wine Fest today from 12:30 to 10pm. Come grab a glass of red or white or both!!, Come say hi to Handsome Ray! He will be working the window today at Trinity Place, Back Bay for lunch!!, Good morning Boston Ohana! We will be at Backbay today from 11-2pm. We have 2 new plates to bring to you today. Try our swt and spicy Hawaiian and our curry pineapple soup!!, Come visit us for lunch and check out our new fall additions to our menu! We will be on Milk St. On the Rose Kennedy Greenway today for lunch ., We are at AthenaHealth in Watertown for lunch today!! Bringing you some new fall menu items like a Curry Pumpkin and Apple Soup!!, Good morning Boston! We will be at Stuart Street Backbay from 11:00 - 2:00pm. Check out our new menu items. We have a Volcano dog, a tropical thunder dog, and a Hawaiian Kalua Pork Cubano. Hope to see you all soon!!, ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!! New menu item coming your way. Lilo's very own Hawaiian influenced Kalua Pork Cubano! Ask about it., Good morning! We will be at 14 New England Executive Office Park in Burlington, MA for lunch today. Come warm up with a plate of our Big Island Curry on this brisk Monday!!, Come check out our new menu tonight at Night Shift Brewery! We know it's cold, but it's nothing a Loco Moco can't fix!, Good morning Ohana. Come by our truck today on Stuart street by Backbay station for some hot curry and loco moco's on this chilly day! Mahalo, Come find on this beautiful Monday at 14 New England Executive Park in Burlington, MA!!!, Trinity Place by Back Bay Station! Trinity Place by Back Bay Station! Trinity Place by Back Bay Station! Come on by!!!, Good morning! We will be at @athenahealth today for lunch!!, Good morning! We are at 14 New England Executive Park in Burlington today for lunch!!, Good morning Ohana! We are on Stuart street today by backbay station. Come get your Musubi on!, To the lovely lady who paid for a veg curry, Musubi and a bottle h2o: u forgot ur h2o. We will be back on Milk St. w/ ur h2o waiting!!, Good morning! We are on Milk St. today on the Rose Kennedy Greenway for lunch today!!, No lunch or dinner shifts today! Please visit us on Milk Street on the Greenway tomorrow of lunch!, Good morning! Come say "Hi!" We are at 17 New England Executive Park, Burlington, MA., Sorry Ohana! We will not be on Milk Street today for Lunch. We promise to be there next week! Tonight for dinner we will be at Night Shift Brewery for another Bitfest. If you like playing console or Arcade games you need to make it down. Who can pass up on an awesome beverage from Night Shift! See you all there!, Lilo's is stationed at Leon St. on the Northeastern Campus for Fall Fest 2015!! We have some specials: Sliders and Lilo's Killer Wings!, We are at Trinity Pl. today for lunch. Bringing some specials to the table today for you folks: SLIDERS and SALADS!!!, On Milk Street today for lunch! By popular demand, we have brought back the salad option. Our schedule will change starting next week, please stayed tuned. Also, tonight we will be serving dinner at Night Shift Brewery! Come check out our dinner menu and enjoy a next beverage from Night Shift!, Sorry Ohana! We will not be out on Milk Street today! We will have a new schedule starting next week. Please stayed tuned for our new schedule for the start of fall., We are at a new location today! 14 New England Executive Office Park, Burlington, MA., Good morning!! Yeah we fry some eggs up for some loco moco's. We will be at Trinity Place today for lunch (Right by the back bay t station)! Come get some!!, When the stars align, they align! We have Nick inventing the "Nick" and then a few minutes later we have this Nick ordering the "Nick." It was all meant to be..., Lilo's Plates is currently hiring for Truck/Kitchen/Catering positions. If anyone is looking for some work, please PM me. Must be able to lift 50lbs. Mahalo!, Not to be outshone by Nick. Here is the "Bryan" (Hurri Teri Chk + Kalua Pork + Extra meat). That Bryan was a hungry man! Beast mode!!! If you like what you see, ask for it by name because these dishes are not on the menu!, Two plates invented at AthenaHealth today at lunch. Introducing the "Nick" (Chk Curry + Kalua Pork). Check out how excite Nick was:, We are on Milk Street for lunch today!, Ohana! Meet Kai! He invented a new dish coined "Kai's Plate" (Loco Moco + Lilo's Kalua Pork)! Ask for it by name!, Enjoy this wonderful weather while we all can! Let us be your company. We will be on Milk Street on the Rose Kennedy Greenway for lunch today!, Lilo's Plates at the 2015 Asian Fest in Dewey Square!, Where's that oasis? That's the Rose Kennedy Greenway right on Milk Street! Come out for a walk and join us for lunch. When the heat gets the best of you. Jump in the fountain!!, Sorry BMC, we will not be serving lunch today!!, Come and share your lunch time with us today on Milk Street!, Join us now at Night Shift Brewery for Bitfest! We will be there till 10pm. Come play some games and enjoy a cold one!, Join us on Milk Street for lunch today! Jump into the Rose Kennedy Greenway fountain to cool off. At night we will be at Night Shift Brewery for Bitfest. Play on some old school gaming consoles and enjoy Night Shift's many delicious adult beverages (21+ to participate) http://www.nightshiftbrewing.com/visit-night-shift/#taproom_events., Good morning! You made it through the hard part! Now come visit us at Milk Street for lunch or, better yet, stop by Night Shift for dinner!, Come get your lunch us with us. We are on Government Center today!, We are at a guest location today. Come get your Loco Moco, Big Island Curry, Kalua Pork and the Spam Musubi! We will be at Government Center today!!, Sorry AthenaHealth! We will not be vending on your campus today! But we will return next Wednesday!, On Milk Street for lunch!, It's a wet cloudy morning, but let us fix that for you at lunch time! We are on Milk Street for your loco moco fixing!, Sorry Boston Medical Center Ohana! We will not be sharing lunch time with you today for we have a scheduled health inspection. Don't you worry, we will be there next week. Please check out our friends Saigon Alley!, We are on the final stretch! Almost there! Let us help you bring in the close of the week! We are on Milk Street for lunch today!, Good morning! We will be at Milk Street on the Rose Kennedy Greenway for lunch today! Bring your appetite!, Happy Hump Day! We will be at AthenaHealth for lunch today!, null, Good morning! We had a blast last night at the GetKonnected Event! We will be serving lunch at AthenaHealth in Watertown today!, Let us all just take a break and enjoy the Summer before it ends. Grab a Musubi and take a stroll down Rose Kennedy Greenway!, Happy Pre-Hump Day! Come get and take a walk by the fountain and throw us a Shaka! We will be on Milk Street today for lunch., Friends, Bostonians and All, lend us your appetite and join us for lunch at the Boston Medical Center!, Good Morning and Happy Monday! We will be at Boston Medical Center for lunch today!, What a gorgeous Friday! We will be on Trinity Place right behind the Back Bay Orange Line Station. Come by and grab your plate today!, Happy Thursday! Come on and get your pork on with us! We are on Milk St. on the Rose Kennedy Greenway for lunch today., Have you had our Loco Moco yet? It is our handmade Hawaiian burger patty over Lilo's Plates special gravy!! Come get it at Milk St. by the Rings Fountain today from 11:30am-2:30pm, Tuesday is the pre-hump day. Come celebrate pre-hump day with us on Milk St. We will be there serving local Hawaiian deliciousness!, Good morning! Breakfast is the most important meal of the day and Lunch is second. Come break rice with us on Milk St. for lunch today!, Just in case you guys have a hard time finding us. Please visit: https://streetfoodapp.com/boston., We hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. We will be at the Boston Medical Center today with our friends, Saigon Alley. Nom Nom Nom!, null, If you didn't had enough of our loco moco, come get your Hawaiian crave on. We're on the Greenway Open Market today starting ... NOW!, Come grab dinner and have yourself one of Night Shift's many awesome offerings!, We will be at Night Shift Brewery tonight starting at 5pm! Let us all just relax and enjoy a fresh adult beverage. Drink responsibly!, 500 Likes! 500 Likes! Thank you so much to all of our Ohana! You all are the reason why we work diligently to bring delicious Hawaiian cuisines to Beantown. 500 Likes and this: http://weekendpick.com/boston-food-trucks-top-10-picks. Start to a great weekend!, When is the last time you went to the NE Aquarium? Come join us for lunch on Milk St. and take a stroll to see the sea turtles!, http://weekendpick.com/boston-food-trucks-top-10-picks/ Thank you for all your support Boston! We wouldn't have made it without all of you guys! Mahalo!, Good Morning Ohana! We will be on Milk Street today for lunch. Such a beautiful day deserves us seeing your beautiful faces!, Slight change of plans today. We will be on State St. on the @HelloGreenway while they set up movie night!, Come visit us for Lunch! Retweet or Like this post and get a free Slider on Lilo's!, Good morning! We will be at Milk Street for lunch today. Come by for your Hawaiian fixing!, Ring RIng Ring! It's recess time BMC! Come and grab a Loco Moco today!, Good morning! We'll be at Boston Medical Center today for lunch. Hope you bring your appetite!, TGIF! Come join us for lunch at our Trinity Pl. location! Give us some love with a "Like" and receive a free slider at our Trinity Pl. location today!, Good morning, Back Bay! We are at Trinity Place for lunch today. Come on by and satisfy your hunger!, You owe it to yourselves for some fun this summer esp. after that winter we had. Take your shoes off and take a walk in the grass. We are on Milk St. today, so come on by and say "Hi!" Like this post and receive a FREE Lilo's Slider of your choice (Lilo's Kalua Pork or Hurri-Teri Chicken)., We say you play a little hooky. We won't tell! Take some "you" time and maybe visit the NE Aquarium. Grab yourself some Kalua pork!, Good morning! Such a beautiful day! Come take a splash by the fountain on the Greenway by Milk Street and grab yourself a Loco Moco!, null, Check back with us constantly. We will try to put up our daily menu and specials here. Lilo's excited to try some new things!, Come and get some Lilo's Kalua Pork! We will be on the @athenahealth campus today for lunch. Like or retweet and receive a free Slider!, Good morning, Ohana! We will be at @athenahealth for lunch today, rain or shine. Like or retweet and receive a free Kalua Pork Slider!, Don't forget, we will be at the Boston Medical Center on Mondays for lunch and dinner! Come visit us there every Monday for your fix!, You get a Slider and you get a Slider! Like or Retweet this post and receive a free Slider! Come visit us for lunch on Milk Street today!, Good Morning! You know what day it is, it's Shaka Tuesday! Come visit us on Milk Street for lunch! Like or retweet this for a free Slider!, Winner Winner Chicken Curry Dinner! We will be at Boston Medical Center for Din Din!, Come and get your Musubi on Boston Medical Center! We will be here for lunch and dinner! Like this post and get a free Kalua Pork Slider!, Good morning! We will be at the Boston Medical Center today! Show us this post and receive a free Kalua Pork Slider!, Come by the Night shift brewery for some nice refreshing beer and of course some Lilo's! Mahalo!, We will not be on Trinity Pl. this Friday. But, starting July 6th we will be at the Boston Medical Center every Monday for lunch and dinner!, Ding Ding Ding! Lunch is served! Come and get your musubi while supplies last!, What a beautiful Tuesday morning! We will be on Milk Street on the Rose Kennedy Greenway @hellogreenway for lunch today. In observance of our nation's Independence Day, we will not be on Trinity Place for lunch on Friday July 3rd. Don't be sad! We will be at the Boston Medical Center every Monday for lunch and dinner!, null, Good morning Ohana! Rain rain go away! Although we can not make the rain go away but we can provide you all with some sunshine with local hawaiian food. We will be at Backbay Stuart Street today from 11:30-2:30. Come visit!, Good morning! We'll be on Milk St. on the Rose Kennedy Greenway for lunch today!, Good morning all! We will be at children's hospital today from 11:30-2:30., Lilo's will be at the Hubbub at Copley today. Bring the kids and family!! Family fun day!! Mahalo!!, Lilo's fan, Good morning! We hope everyone is having a lovely Friday morning start. We will be at Stuart Street today from 11:30-2:30. Mahalo!!, http://hubbubfest.org A great event for the whole family. We will be there with our friends Chicken & Rice Guys serving up a storm of great food. Come by and say hi!, Good morning! Lilo's will be at the AthenaHealth campus for lunch today. Come on down for some Hurri-Teri Chicken!, Find us this Saturday from 9am - 4pm at the Hubbub-Creative Commotion at Copley Sq. Bring your friends and families! http://pos.li/2kM, We will be at the Hubbub Event at Copley Sq. this Saturday till 4 PM. Bring the family down!! http://pos.li/2kD, Good morning, Ohana! Today, we start are tenure on Milk Street every Tuesday! We will also be here on Thursdays too. Hope to see you!, Hello! We will be at Milk Street by the Aquarium from 11:30-2:30. See yah there!, Good morning! We will be at Children's Hospital today from 11:30-2:00 today. See you there!!, Good morning! We will be at Stuart Street Backbay today! Come try some of our new dishes! Huri-Teri chicken and Lilo's Kalua pulled pork both served with rice., Good morning Boston Ohana! We will be at Milk Street today! Come by and try out the Lilo's Kalua Pork over rice!! Yummy!, We apologize for this announcement BMC but we will be at Children's Hospital for the remainder of this month! We promise we will be back! Mahalo!, Great event! Thank you for having us!, Thank you to the Merrymount Association Official for the wonderful night! Hope to see you next year!, Lilo's will not be at Stuart Street today. We have been requested to vend at the Children's Hospital today. We will be at Children's Hospital from 11:30-2:30. Mahalo!!, Our website is up and running please visit us at www.lilosplates.com, Enjoying the water show on the Rose Kennedy Greenway on this gorgeous Thursday. Come by and visit us on Milk St. Mahalo!, Hello Boston! Lilo's will be on Milk Street by the Aquarium from 11:30-2:30!, Good morning! Lilo's will be at the AthenaHealth Campus today for lunch! Come hungry., Good morning Boston Ohana! We will be at Brigham and Women Hospital today from 11 - 2:30. See you there!, Good morning BMC Ohana! We will be around from 11:30 - 2:30 today!! See you there!!, Like your momma says: Eat your vegetables! Come on by and try our Big Island Veggie Curry. All produce care of @russosproduce!, Good morning Boston Ohana! We will be on Stuart Street BackBay from 11:30 - 2:30. See you all there!, TGIF! We hope to see you all in Back Bay for lunch as you get set for the weekend!, Check Boston Magazine's article on Hawaiian food: http://pos.li/2YS, Lilo's Plates made it to the list!! http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/the-11-best-boston-food-trucks-boston, To those of you who are hungry: Lilo's is now serving Volcano Chili Dog Plate. OUCH that is SPICY! Come visit us on Milk St. for lunch., Good morning Ohana! We will be on Milk St. every Thursday starting today. Still on the Greenway, 11:30-2:30 for Lunch., Good morning all!! We will be at Stuart Street today!!, Lilo's is now doing catering! This is a sneak peek of what is being offered off the truck menu for catering. Hawaiian style pulled pork!! Delicious!!, Come by for some delicious food for lunch at AthenaHealth. Mahalo!!!!!, Lovely day at BMC. Come on by We'll be here until 7 tonight.. Mahalo!!!!!, Thank you for the great time Dewey! We hope to see you all when we move to Milk Street starting in June!, It's lunch time, it's lunch time, IT'S LUNCH TIME!! Come get your Carnivore Challenge on! This will be Lilo's last lunch at Dewey Sq., Happy Thursday! This will be Lilo's last Thursday at Dewey Sq.! We will be at Milk St. starting in June. Please come visit us at Dewey!, Good morning to our Dewey Sq. Ohana! Come visit us on our last day at Dewey Sq.! See you at lunch time!, Come and get your love or a Turbo Moco! We are on the AthenaHealth Campus till 2:00! Mahalo!, We are open for lunch at the AthenaHealth Campus in Watertown from 11:30-2:00!, Good morning all!! We will not be at BMC today for lunch please find us at the Children's Hospital at 1 Children's Way. Please stay tuned for BMC dinner! Mahalo!, Come say hi to Audi the mascot! https://www.facebook.com/events/1409111082727749. Posts on FB with Audi gets you a free Musubi!, Come say to Audi the mascot! https://www.facebook.com/events/1409111082727749. Pictures with Audi gets you a free Musubi!, We will be hanging with our friends, the Chicken and Rice Guys tomorrow. https://www.facebook.com/events/1409111082727749. Hope to see all you guys there!, Good morning all! We will be at Stuart Street Backbay today. Come on by and get your hawaiian fix! Mahalo!, Aloha kakahiaka Boston!! Come to Dewey Square South Station to get your hawaiian food crave fixed. We will be there from 11:30 -   2:30. Mahalo!!, Malden Center, come get your appetite curbed by the Carnivore Challenge! What is that? Come find out! We be at Malden Center from 4-6:30., Good morning, AthenaHealth Campus! You ready for the Turbo Moco? I hope so!, We cannot make it to our shift at BMC today for dinner due to some unforeseen issues. Sorry, we will make sure to be there next week!, Good morning our Ohana! We cannot make it to Commander's Mansion today due to unforeseen issues. Please join us next week for lunch!, Beautiful day at BMC come on by and try our special Ono Sesame Noodles🍝. We'll be here until 7:30. Mahalo!!!!!, Thank you for the love from our Ohana! Please help us get to 500 likes!, Thanks for the love!!, Beautiful day at the Radcliffe Lawn for the 20th Annual Harvard Native American Powwow! Come check out these amazing drummers!, Come by Harvard Square for  the 20th annual Harvard powwow for some local hawaiian goodness!! Mahalo!!, We are at Stuart Street Backbay come get some! Mahalo!, What are you doing on this Sunday, May 3rd? Wanna come hang out with our ohanas at the Harvard University Powwow? We be on Brattle Street!, Come visit us at the 20th Annual Harvard University Powwow this Sunday! We'll be on Brattle Street. https://www.facebook.com/events/1075516179128981/, Mac salad, mac salad, MAC SALAD!!! We're going local Hawaiian with our dishes with mac salad Boston. Dewey Square you are the first location to hit today! Come on by from 11:30-2:30. Remember to leave you business card for a raffle of 5 free plates!!, Turbo Moco! Turbo Moco! Turbo Moco! You know it! Double the Hambuga Patty and Double the FRIED EGG!! What? And a pina colada haupia?, Good morning, Dewey Square! Come on by for your pina colada haupias! Toss us a shaka or two!, We are at Athena Health. Come hungry!!, Good morning Boston!!!! We will be at BMC all day until 7:30pm today...Come hungry!!, We will be at Stuart Street Back Bay Area today from 11:30-2:30. Make sure you stop by hungry! Throw us a a Shaka and get a free piña colada huapia!, Aloha kakahiaka (Good morning). We will be at Dewey Square this afternoon 11:30 - 2:30. First 50 customers gets a piña colada huapia alcohol not included. Mahalo!, Aloha! Lilo's will be at AthenaHealth Watertown today from 11:30-2:30.. Make sure you stop by hungry. We will also be at Malden Center for dinner just incase you miss us from 4:30 to 7:30., Dinner is served! We'll be at MGH on Blossom Street from 4-7!, It's lunchtime! It's lunchtime! We are at the Commander's Mansion in Watertown for lunch! Come say HI!, I know Monday wasn't great, but today is a new day. Come get your grub on with us at the Commander's Mansion in Watertown!, Thank you Rose Kennedy Greenway for inviting us to the Spring Food Truck Festival this past Sunday. It was a gorgeous day full of wonderful people. Let's do it again!, Sorry BMC dinner patrons we will not be serving dinner due to generator complications. Please catch us next week! Mahalo., Good morning Bostonians!! We will be at BMC all day until 7ish today...Come hungry!!, Lilo's will be at the greenway food truck festival today by Milk st and India st.. Surf on by!!, Come and get you some Loco Moco! It's lunch time already!, Good MORNING Back Bay! It's Friday! Come join us for lunch. We'll be right by the Back Bay T station at noon. See you there!, Free dessert today at Dewey sq!!!!!!!, We at Dewey Sq. For being great buds to Lilo, Lilo's is giving out Haupia to all. Flash the Shaka for a chocolate haupia!, C H O C O L A T E ! C H O C O L A T E ! Chocolate Haupia for Dewey Sq. We only have a limited amount so get them before they be gone!!, We are at Malden Center tonight. Come on by Malden peeps!!, Come get your lunch at the commander's mansion in Watertown and your dinner at MGH. Can't get to Hawaii? We'll bring it to you Boston!, Good morning beautiful Bostonians!! Lilo's will be at BMC today all day. BMC dinner we will have a mash-up with the Zinneken's Waffle truck! Come try something different. Mahalo!!, Haupia only after you have finished all of your plate!, At Stuart St. come get some Hawaiian food!! Today's special is Hurri-Terri Chicken over rice!! Come hungry. First 50 gets a surprise treat, As a special "thank you" to our Back Bay patrons for coming out to support us last week. We have haupia for you. Supplies are limited!, "Haupia" is the word. Shhh., Good morning, Dewey Square. Lilo's has a surprise for our first fifty customers so come early!, Come get your Lilo's!! We are at Athena Health from 11:30 - 2:30. Come hungry!!, Lilo's Plates will be at MGH today for dinner. Come by and show some love!, No need to be hungry, come on by and get a plate at the Commander's Mansion in Watertown!, Come check us out at the Commander's Mansion in Watertown!, Can't get enough? Or just missed us for lunch? We will be at the BMC for dinner too!, Come get your lunch on with us at the BMC!, Come visit us at BMC today at 11:30. Oh yeah, come hungry!, Can you smell what the Lilo's been cookin'?! If you are hungry, bring it! Your appetite that is. Back Bay 11:30!, Thank you for the great Thursday Dewey Square! Now onward the Back Bay Station. Musubi yousubi at 11:30!, Morning everyone!! Save your appetite for lunch. We will be at Dewey Square today from 11:30 - 3:00. Get your Musubi on. Mahalo!, Great first day at the Athena Campus in Watertown. See you folks at Dewey Square for lunch tomorrow! MGH dinner is tentative ... please stay tuned for the latest news. Mahalo for the support!, Are we making you hungry? Come visit us at the Athena Campus in Watertown!, Don't forget. Our first day at the Athena Campus will start tomorrow, April 1st. Then Dewey Square for lunch on Thursday, April 2nd. Can't wait to meet you all!, FEED ME MORE!!!!, Despite the snow and a couple of generator issues ... the dry run has been a success! Now for feeding all you friends!, Audi, the husky, Lilo's mascot. (this message has NOT been approved by Audi), Naked no more! Almost ready for our first day starting April 1st at the Commander's Mansion in Watertown for lunch!, Why so angry, Musubi?, I hope you guys come HUNGRY! Shaka-to-Me!, Check us out! We  famous! Not so pretty tho... : ( Wait till you see us this April! 

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2015/03/23/boston-food-trucks-in-spring-2015/#s_lilos-plates_s, Truck is almost done. Get ready to get fed!, We officially have our truck! Get ready to see this beauty roll down the streets of Boston, in 2015!, Thank you Rachel Leah Blumenthal @ boston.eater.com for this wonderful post!, null, null, null, Shout out to Hub Food Trucks for including us in their Blog! Everyone follow them to stay in the Loop for all Food Truck updates in Boston!, What a great event!, We will be serving 3 Main dishes Daily.

We will also have 2 daily rotating specials., Thank you everyone, who came out to the NAAAP Boston Asian Festival and giving us some great Feedback! Special thanks to NAAAP Boston for hosting such an amazing event!

Delicious Plates Are Coming 2015!, Meet us for Lunch on our debut @ NAAAP Boston Asian Business Festival! 

Festivities at Noon on 10/12/14

Located at Dewey Square Atlantic Ave, Boston, Massachusetts 02210., null, null)