List(Out of cast, no walking allowed on the foot, but when the time comes  I know I still got work to do! Keeping my positive mental attitude🙃🙃, Join me for a LIVE hangout TODAY at 4:30 EST. I'll be with @shottracker talkin' tournament and all things hoops. We'll be at http://bit.ly/207nPEY., Thank you all for your kind thoughts and prayers as yet another journey begins. 
"ALL IS WELL", Gotta Keep BELIEVING!!!!, Be sure to follow and like my new page "realmariochalmersfans" also, Who Knew.  Interesting look😜. Keep Grinding Grizz!, Please follow my new Instagram page, dedicated to you my supporters @realmariochalmersfans THANK YOU!, A recent photo shoot......, Thank you for taking the time to LIKE our page!!!, http://www.highlighthub.com/mario-chalmers-puts-pelicans-through-the-spin-cycle-vine/, 👀Looks like a new Super Mario fan in Grizzlies land. Thanks for the continued fan support!!!, Wonderful being apart of greatness!!!, null, Excited to be part of team ShotTracker! This new tech automatically captures your shooting stats and keeps you accountable. Changin’ the game. www.shottracker.com., null, Nice, Today's ESPN #1 Top Ten play, Growing where planted!, null, Huge @BlendersEyewear SALE! + 55% off SITEWIDE + FREE Shades
Scope it: ---> http://bit.ly/1YfeOrE, It has been a tremendous honor and privilege to be a part of the Miami Heat championship family for more than 7 seasons. It is with great sadness and excitement that I end one amazing chapter in my NBA career to graciously begin another with the Memphis Grizzlies. Sending thanks to Mickey Arison, Pat Riley, Coach Eric Spoelsta, my teammates and the Miami Heat fans, some of the best in the world! I look forward to starting a new chapter with the Memphis Grizzlies., Opening night tonight!, 13 days away from Opening Night!, Both my Foundation (Mario V Chalmers Foundation) and Boys & Girls Club of Lawrence work to empower, inspire and enable youth to live healthy lifestyles, put education first and give back to their communities., Great time supporting a great event for cancer awareness, Great times with Pops and Jayhawker Paul Pierce at great event!!!, Keep up the great work!!!, Super Mario..., Thank you to everyone who came out to the 7th Annual Mario V. Chalmers Golf Tournament! We appreciate your support!, Mario V Chalmers Foundation Weekend tips off tomorrow night at Legends Lawrence at 5:30pm. We will be raising money to support community-based programs that encourage the positive development of youth through sports and education. A portion of the proceeds will benefit Boys & Girls Club of Lawrence's new Teen Center., Thank you to all who made the Miracle Shot Basketball camp a success. See you next year!, I am excited that the Mario V Chalmers Foundation is partnering with Boys & Girls Club of Lawrence for the 7th Annual Mario V. Chalmers Golf Tournament! More than 3,000 of Lawrence’s K-5th graders belong to the Boys & Girls Club (which represents 63% of all elementary students) but their current Teen Center cannot accommodate the demand of students. We are helping raise money for their new Teen Center which will serve five times as many middle school and high school students than the current Center. Explore Lawrence, null, null, Join me for my Miracle Shot Basketball Camp in Lawrence, Kansas! Click here for more info: http://www.mariovchalmersfoundation.org/miracle-shot-basketball-camp.html, null, null, null, Make it a great day!!!, Get excited! July 27th is the 7th Annual Mario V. Chalmers Golf Tournament in Lawrence, KS., Had a great time today at the meet and greet. Special thanks to those who donated to MVCF just because they wanted too!, A portion of my golf tournament in Kansas this year will benefit Boys & Girls Club of Lawrence. Sponsorship opportunities are available now!, Mother's enjoy yourself and Have a great day!!!, Save the Date: The 7th Annual Mario V. Mario V Chalmers Foundation is Monday, July 27th!, What you haven't signed up for camp! No worries.  There is still time. Go now n register!!!, Campers bringing Miracle Shot Camp to Lawrence! Let's make it a good time.  Sign up now! See y'all there!, Have you signed up for Uber? Only way I travel on the road...join me!, Less than an hour until @marchmadness tipoff get in on #CharityMadness @MiamiHEAT tix up for grabs in my bracket challenge! fanhb.co/PlayMario, null, Wadup KU fam! I’m bout to drop this in my bracket challenge but had to show y’all real quick.. Once a Jayhawk, always a Jayhawk yadig!!

Brackets: FantasyHub.com/mc15 

Make sure y’all fill out a bracket asap though cuz times bout up, Game day.. Make sure you get your brackets in now: fanhb.co/PlayMario

It’s not your normal bracket challenge ppl.  They are given away $1Million to Charity! 
The @MarioVChalmersFoundation could use that for real.

Plus I’m given you a shot at tix to a @Miami game. Do it!, Where my Jayhawks at?  We all know @University of Kansas is bout to make a run, right? 

Spread some love & share this video for me.  Every bracket you enter is another shot at the $1Million for Charity.  

https://www.youtube.com/embed/YHlQ1TTpRIA, If you like college ball and want to win some heat tickets, get with the #charitymadness at FantasyHub.com/mc15, Don't forget to fill out a bracket for #charitymadness and win dope prizes http://FantasyHub.com/mc15, Check out what's happening by liking and following my foundation page at www.mariovchalmersfoundation.org!   Thanks for supporting as we continue our efforts!   More to come.......,Keep Dreaming Big!!!!!, Who wants @heat tix and to catch me after the game. Fill a bracket out for a free #charitymadness http://FantasyHub.com/mc15, null, Join us!!!, null, Have a Healthy and Happy 2015!, Another Mario V Chalmers Foundation Dream Big event!, null, null, The #IceBucketChallenge is still going strong! Watch as Mario accepts the challenge and nominates Ray Allen and Brandon Rush among numerous others. 

Support the The ALS Association by sharing this post to help create awareness and by visiting www.ALSA.org right now to donate to ALS research funding. Help #StrikeOutALS, My #tbt - Me, Joel Anthony, Udonis Haslem and Birdman (Chris Andersen) at my THINK Pink Basketball event last year. We raised over $43,000 for the Mario V Chalmers Foundation and Dorothy Mangurian Comprehensive Women's Center at Holy Cross Hospital, Fort Lauderdale

Photo Credit: Downtown Photo, Let's start Monday off on a positive note. Have a great week everyone! , Had a blast back in #Lawrence at my 6th Annual Golf Tournament for the Mario V Chalmers Foundation! Check out the photos..., Thank you for all of the love Lawrence. , null, We have a couple of tickets left. Visit www.MarioVChalmersFoundation.org before it's too late!, Back to Kansas next week for my foundation's golf tournament., null, HEAT Nation, Who is my inspiration? What is the most important thing in my life? Find out in the July/August issue of South Florida Luxury Guide. , On July 28th, I will be hosting my annual golf tournament benefiting the Mario V Chalmers Foundation and Mario's Closet located at Lawrence Memorial Hospital! Join me in supporting community based programs that encourage the positive development of youth and help fund initiatives for breast cancer research and treatment.  Register as an individual or foursome Today at www.mariovchalmersfoundation.org!, Happy 4th of July! Thank you to all of those who have served our country including my father, Ronnie Chalmers who served 22 years in the Air Force. Have a great weekend!, Happy Fourth of July!!!! Stay Safe and have fun with family and friends!!!!, Have you signed your child up for the Mario Chalmers and Mario V Chalmers Foundation Miracle Shot Basketball Camp with Micah Lancaster???  Check out the video from last year and sign your child up today for expert instruction and skills development.  Available for grades 6th -12th.  Every registrant receives a ticket to the Celebrity All-Star Basketball Game. http://www.mariovchalmersfoundation.org.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3Ct6DnxgLU&feature=youtu.be , A great reason to sign up for my golf tournament!, I can't believe my foundation's golf tournament is only a month away! , Love these @Sprint #Frobinsons videos. The Dad is a hamster!  https://bitly.com/1hq83v9
 , Competitiveness runs in the family. Hear my story for #TheCrossover presented by @Sprint https://bitly.com/1igBpME, Mario Chalmers Miracle Shot Basketball Camp will be held on July 28 - 31st in Olathe, KS. Miracle Shot Camp offers boys and girls grades 6 thru 12 the opportunity to improve their basketball skills in a safe and encouraging environment under the expertise of Two-Time NBA Champion and Miami HEAT Point Guard, Mario Chalmers and Camp Director, Micah Lancaster. 

To register, call 786.409.8569 or visit www.MarioVChalmersFoundation.org., It's Mario's birthday today... show a little love for your favorite point guard!, null, Check out pages 82-88 in Lawrence Magazine for a great story on the Mario V Chalmers Foundation! Want to help support my foundation? Sponsorships, foursomes and single spots are now available for the 6th Annual Mario V Chalmers Foundation Golf Tournament & VIP Mixer at Alvamar Country Club in Lawrence, KS. To sign up or for more information, visit wwww.mariovchalmersfoundation.org. , Sign up for MARIO CHALMERS BASKETBALL CAMP! Camp will be held on July 19th and 20th at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Miami-Dade. Registration is open to all elementary and middle school kids ages 5-15 years old. , It's Game Day! Who's coming out to the game tonight?, Round 2 here we come!, Who do you want to win the Masters this year? Come play golf with me at the 6th Annual Mario V Chalmers Foundation Golf Tournament and VIP Mixer on July 28th. , Hey Kansas! Did you sign your kids up for camp yet? #RockChalkJayHawk #miracleshot #KUbasketball, This Sunday, LaceClips are the item of the game at American Airlines Arena and $1 of each sold will go to Bright Pink in support of Breast Cancer Awareness. For more, visit Laceclips.com, The Mario V Chalmers Foundation Miracle Shot Basketball Camp on July 28th-31st in Olathe, KS offers boys and girls grades 6 - 12 the opportunity to improve their basketball skills in a safe and encouraging environment! 

Campers will receive advanced teaching and instruction found in NBA workouts from highly trained and certified coaches. To register, please visit http://www.mariovchalmersfoundation.org/miracle-shot-basketball-camp.html., Save the Date! The 6th Annual Mario V. Chalmers Golf Tournament & VIP Mixer will take place on July 28th this year. More info to come., I feel honored to have been inducted into the 2014 Alaska Sports Hall of Fame last night! Unfortunately I wasn't able to make the ceremony so my parents accepted this great honor on my behalf., I'm helping TOMS in their mission to provide clean water. Raise a cup to global change this #WorldWaterDay.  #TOMSRoastingCo, Look who came to visit me after the game? Little Jayhawkers all the way from Kansas! My old Kansas Jayhawks teammate,  DARRELL ARTHUR was also there. #rockchalkjayhawk, Check out my new Mario V Chalmers Foundation website! http://mariovchalmersfoundation.org/, Check out me and Jason Taylor at the #dreambig event to benefit the Mario V Chalmers Foundation and Jason Taylor Foundation! We raised $35,000 to support programs that empower and encourage positive development of youth in our community. Thanks for the clip Kavita Channe from VIP Television on 1stDownNDirty 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msPWJ5HyBhs&sns=fb, Are you in the #dreambig photo gallery on SouthFlorida.com? , Check me out in today's Sun Sentinel!, Check out pictures from my #DreamBig event at Specialty Automotive Treatments. The event raised over $30,000 for my foundation and the Jason Taylor Foundation!, Thank you to everyone who came out to my #dreambig event on Saturday! Pictures will be on the Mario V Chalmers Foundation page soon., 10 Days Away!!, Check out me and Jason Taylor in this month's in Weston Magazine!, Share the Power of a Dream!, Who's coming to my event on February 21st?, Tickets and sponsorships available for my Dream Big event hosted by myself and Jason Taylor on February 21st in Fort Lauderdale. The event will benefit both the Mario V Chalmers Foundation and Jason Taylor Foundation which create and support programs that empower and encourage positive development of youth in our community., Earlier today Mario Chalmers and the rest of the 2013 NBA Champion Miami Heat team visited President Barack Obama at The White House in Washington D.C., Have you voted for  Mario Chalmers to play in the 2014  NBA All-Star Game? Follow steps 1 through 3 and vote daily! After you vote, you will be entered for a chance to win a trip to the 2014 NBA All-Star Game, NBA game tickets and more in the NBA All-Star Sweepstakes. Good luck!!, My NBA dream began at a YMCA in Alaska. Last night I urged kids at a YMCA in Miami to dream big., Today, I support @CampKesem and #GivingTuesday. Join me as I give back! Donate at www.campkesem.org #bigkidsgive!, Just because you can’t see violence against children doesn’t mean it isn’t there. Make the invisible visible. Join UNICEF USA and speak up to help #ENDviolence against children:http://uncf.us/NeesonPSA, null, null, Got to talk style with Jane Keltner de Valle over at Teen Vogue, This week is World Water Week. Watch this video! http://bit.ly/YcIjc1

If as few as 1% of us on Facebook open a Tap at UNICEFtapproject.org, we can make a world of difference this week!, A moment you never forget, Come get your tickets today! Great event supporting a great cause, The 3rd anniversary of the Haiti earthquake just passed almost without notice despite the fact that hundreds of thousands still live under tarps and tents, 98% of the countryside remains deforested, and rape has become commonplace.  I’m helping through Aid Still Required: Haiti.  

Can you help too?
www.AidStillRequired.org/Haiti2013, Thanks to Spalding Basketball, Big League Chew, Wiffleball, Nog'nz and Rico Industries for their generosity, Great time at the YMCA talking to and hanging out with the kids. Had a lot of fun. See y'all next time, Mario V Chalmers Foundation, Thanks everybody for making my first Miami event a success. Special thanks to Big Brothers Big Sisters of America for having me., Been craving chipotle for like the last 2 weeks. Finally got my fix. Thank u Arizona. 3 soft chicken tacos and lemonade. Never can go wrong, Good team win. Thanks to my fans for checkin on me. I will b ok and back on the court in no time, Tough loss for my KU boys. Ej gotta realize he gotta b aggressive the whole game. Especially in the end., Hello world.... I'm starving. Ready to get this good food out here in LA, null, Rock Chalk, Jayhawk! Check out KU’s Elijah Johnson on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week!, null, Check out the Mario V Chalmers Foundation on Facebook, and "Like" the page!, The same Spalding shoes I'll be wearing on court this year are here. Check em out., Watch Larry Fitzgerald shave Kevin Love's head to support Bright Pink!

Watch the video!, Gotta admit Shanghi is an amazing city. All these buildings around here is crazy. Buildings on top of buildings everywhere., Flight to shanghai. 

Imma b knocked out this whole flight. This time difference still gettin me., 14 hr flight to china I swear I slept 11 hrs. I ain't gettin no sleep tonight, Mario Chalmers at Miami Heat media day., Today is gonna b a great day..... Everybody b blessed today and enjoy life., Chillin all day today b4 we start our quest to repeat tom. I can't wait. 

I kno y'all Miami Heat fans and heat haters ready, Yo I'm seriously bout to boycott the NFL until they bring the real refs back. Can u really call that a TD. That's not even close., Got my iPhone now bout to head to workouts, I believe ZERO children should die of preventable causes, or be exploited, or denied an education, or deprived of clean water. 

Do you?

via UNICEF USA, Not bad advice for a fantasy rookie Stray!, I'm up. Bout to hit the gym for a heavy lift and the light conditioning. This season needs to hurry up and start., I miss my son man. I need my Lil potna back. Nothin like lookin at him and seeing how much he acts and wants to b like me., Great photo shoot this morning with Spalding Basketball. Now time to head to the airport and go home. Finally get to chill in the 305 for a lil bit.

Hittin the gym when I land to. 1st strength and conditioning then a light court work at the arena. 

Wake up tom and do it again., I want a strong black woman like Michelle. She hold Obama down no matter wat., Dead tired man. Had blast wit the homies this weekend. Now time to get back focused and get ready for the season., Man I'm dead tired after the workout. Time to rest up get some food and chill. World Wassup. How r yall doin?, Pops birthday goin down this weekend in Vegas. See if pops can hang wit the young fellas lol., On my way to UM to play some pick up. Time to take Wat I been workin on and use it in a game situation. Time to get better......., Had a great time in NYC this weekend., null, Man what a workout out today. No court work today all strength and conditioning. Gotta work on all aspects of my game and body.  

For my last vacation I think I wanna go back to Alaska for the state fair. Who wanna go wit me?? 

The fair food is amazing. Turkey leg., Headed to the lab to get this work in., To all my fans in Alaska,

Thank you for your generous support and hard work on the Mario V. Chalmers Foundation (MVCF)  charity game in Alaska.  Our goal was to bring a  good, quality NBA basketball game to Alaska as we had planned before the lockout ended last year. Unfortunately, due to unexpected circumstances including injuries, summer league, free agency,  a shortened season and the Olympics, most of the players that had committed were unavailable.

I also want to thank the NBA organization, Jessica Holtz of Excel Sports Management,  Tanya Pont and Sullivan Arena management for all the hard work they have invested in trying to make this game a reality.

My staff and I have worked extremely hard to organize this event twice in Alaska, but as the saying goes it will have to be "third time's a charm." We are going back to the table to bring a quality team of NBA players to my hometown fans in the near future.

We also regret to inform you of the cancellation of the Miracle Shot Basketball Camp. Due to low registration, it was not financially possible to bring a staff to Alaska. However, plans are in the works for the return of the 2nd annual Miracle Shot Basketball Camp in the summer of 2013 at Bartlett High School. Dates will be released soon.

Thank you again, from the bottom of my heart. For more information follow us at MarioChalmersFoundation.com for upcoming dates and registration.

All my Best,
Mario Chalmers, Well I think I've slept enough. Time to get up and head to the gym. The quest for another ring start now. Heat nation Wassup, VIDEO: Mario Chalmers takes The Daily on his NYC media tour., null, null, Mario Chalmers Q&A with GQ Magazine, WATCH: Mario Chalmers discussed winning his first NBA title, the evolution of the Heat, and the Mario Chalmers Foundation., Mario Chalmers Q&A in Sports Illustrated for Kids!, null, Just finished doing interviews with Sports Illustrated | SI.com. Great session had a lot of fun. Now walkin into GQ Magazine office. Always wanted to be in that magazine., World waddup! Just drop Lil man off at camp now bout to get back in the bed. It's been nice not havin to wake up and do anything., #NBAChamps, Mario enjoying a victory parade through downtown Miami., A fan's view of Mario Chalmers and Dwyane Wade riding through downtown Miami during their Championship Parade., Mario takes in a huge moment in front of the fans at American Airlines Arena during the NBA Finals., Mario Chalmers faces off against Rajon Rondo in Boston during the Eastern Conference Finals., null, Mario Chalmers launching a critical three against the Indiana Pacers., Photos from Rio's march to his first NBA Championship., Mario getting a high-five from King james after burying a huge shot in their first round series against the Knicks., Mario Chalmers flying into the teeth of the Celtics defense during the Eastern Conference Finals., Mario Chalmers slips past Nick Collison on his way to the bucket in Game Four of the NBA Finals., #Parade, Parade will be Monday at 11am, null, null, Last shot!  Post a pic of your old hoop on the Spalding Basketball page and get upgraded pro style., null, "Mario Chalmers lives for moments like Tuesday’s." - Tom Haberstroh, ESPN, Whoever wins the Spalding Basketball “Bringing the Arena to Your Driveway” photo contest is going to ball with Mario Chalmers one-on-one. 

Who thinks they can handle it?, #NBAFinals, Spalding Basketball is giving away official NBA balls, gear and THE BEAST! 

Just submit a photo in the “Bringing the Arena to Your Driveway” contest to win., Post a photo of your run-down home basketball court on the Spalding Basketball page and one fan’s driveway will be turned into a pro-style basketball arena., Post a photo of your run-down home basketball court on the Spalding Basketball Facebook page, and one fan’s driveway will be turned into a pro-style basketball arena., null, VIDEO: Mario Chalmers slips through the Boston bigs for a slick put-back. , #Game2, Here's Mario finishing, rather than initiating, the NBA's Assist of the Night. , null, VIDEO: Mario snags a loose ball, runs the fast break, then feeds Lebron James for ESPN's Dunk of the Night. , via The New York Times, VIDEO: Mario Chalmers gets the BBVA NBA assist of the night., Follow me on Instagram......mchalmers15. Do it now, Proud of my boys. Tough game but way to fight till the end, I love how people are sleeping on my Kansas Jayhawks tonight. Something they did in 08'. My boys ready for tonight and so am I. Rock chalk jayhawks, null, 12 points, 5 rebounds, 4 assists and 4 steals for Mario Chalmers in The Miami HEAT's nationally televised game against the Dallas Mavericks last night!, Congrats to my The University of Kansas Jayhawks for makin the final 4. Let's make it happen like we did in 08'. Rock chalk jayhawks baby, Wats a good restaurant in OKC. I'm starving, Our prayers are with the Martin family, I'm up. Time to head 2 the gym n get some work n Big ups to all the heat fans that was in the building last night. The energy helped the win, Rock chalk jayhawks baby. My guys pulled together for the win. I heard da Lil homie E Johnson hit some big shots. Way to rep that #15 bra., World wats good. Up eatin breakfast wit the teammates. Back at our favorite spot in Philly, prayers goin out to Ricky Rubio. No NBA player wants to go thru that. keep ya head up and get that knee stronger, I need some new snapbacks. New Era Caps needs to holla at me, null, Tryouts for my AAU team,TEAM RIO, are set! March 17th-18th in KC/Lawrence area. more info Register online at: http://t.co/w6OhFYHU, Tough lose but we should of started better. Flight to LA to get ready for Sunday. Gotta start the streak back up, Mario Chalmers spends time with kids from Best Buddies International today., All-Star weekend portrait., Meeting with fans at the Sprint Jam Session!, null, Thanks you to the NBA and all my fans for selecting me for the 3 point shoot out. A dream come true, "It’s no surprise that Mario Chalmers is having the best year in his NBA career.", Good win for us and my Kansas boys last night. Rock chalk jayhawks and heat nation stand up!, Hello world. Just gettin up bout to get my day started and get some good breakfast. Red velvet pancakes sound bomb right now, "Mario Chalmers is 10th in the league in three-point percentage, at 47.1 percent. Among players that have taken at least 100 threes so far this season, Chalmers tops them all...", World wassup Today I'm helping to support St. Jude and its radiothon on Univision Radio. Call to become a donor 1800.998.8432!!, Hello world Happy bday to my lil man Full day of treatment and relaxation. Big game tomorrow and Sunday. This weekend is gonna b fun. Yessir, Mario Chalmers, a native of Anchorage, Alaska, is having his best season with the HEAT. His three-point shot has improved as he is shooting an outstanding 45.8 percent from three-point land, one of the best in the league.", Rip Joe Paterno. He will always b a legend, To all my fans thanks for the congrats on the game last night. It was a big win for our team without LeBron James and Dwyane Wade. The Miami HEAT nation!, Relaxing and listening to this Rick Ross., Mario Chalmers the Monster ... 29 points, 8 assists, 7 rebounds, 3 OT, 1 The Miami HEAT win. , “I’ve just been working all summer on my shot,” Mario Chalmers said. “I’m getting some open shots, and I’m comfortable with it, and it’s paying off right now.”, "Mario Chalmers was 6 of 12 from the field, and hit a three-pointer...", VIDEO: Mario Chalmers to LBJ to DWade Oop., VIDEO: Mario Chalmers steal and backboard pass to Lebron., The eastern conference is gonna b a beast this year. I can't wait for the competition., HEAT Season Ticket Holders, see u Thurs nite at the Red & Black Game. Print ur tix from ur account., Practice flow. We gettin it in over here., Crazy to hear bout Brandon Roy. One of my good friends and somebody I always looked up too and respected. The game will miss u bra, Imma The Miami HEAT player until they don't want me no more. Let's get this ring!, I love all my The Miami HEAT fans and the rest of my fans period. It was a tough decision but imma b playing wit the ________ next year., I would like to welcome Charlie Weis to the Jayhawk family. Let's get our football team back on track, I'm up. Ready to go to the gym for a light workout. It goes down tom, Still tired from that workout earlier but this feeling will all b worth it in the end. So imma rest watch tv and listen to Drake's Take Care, Yessir I'm up. Wats good Vegas?? Bout to hit this gym wit impact sports and keep gettin prepared for the 25th. I'm ready., I'm up. Ready to go get this work in. Let's get it, Just finished a nice Lil workout at impact. Now time to get some food and go to sleep. I ain't been sleep since yesterday morning.... O by the way I hate early morning flights. If my flight ain't after 11 am anymore count me out., Vegas........time to go do work and get ready., The game in anchorage on dec 1st is cancelled due to the lockout ending. We planning to do one sometime in the summer so look out for info, I wonder who gonna b the next football coach at The University of Kansas. I hope they bring Mangino back., Im up. Doing me gettin my mind right for Xmas day. I can't wait to get on the court again. First workout lets get it......, Sports Illustrated Q&A with Mario Chalmers, All I can say is it the deal goes thru. IT'S ABOUT GO DOWN. I been waitin for this moment since June 12th. NBA fans we bout to b back, Patiently waiting but I hate waiting. Todays has been an interesting day already. Wat else is gonna happen today??, Praying for the best but expecting the worst. I hope they don't tell me nothin I dont wanna hear. Pray for me y'all, This game on dec 1st is gonna b amazing. I love my city and all the fans in my city. 907 stand up, It's a tradegy. Please help the KU ftball squad out. Add the mercy rule to college football, Tickets on sale. Go to Ticketmaster.com. and use this promo code to get the tickets: GOTGAME, It's official folks. Dec 1st it's goin down in Anchorage, Alaska @ the Sullivan Arena. Featuring NBA players and special guest coach., I'm up. Bout to start Gettin ready to head to this workout. Let's get it, I'm up NYC tough lost for my KU boys last night. Time to get a quick bite and hit the gym. Gotta keep workin no matter wat, On my way to the garden to watch my young boys. Big test for us tonight. Let's get this W KU. Rock chalk, I'm up. Workout flow lets get it in., Gym flow. Gotta get this work in, The NBA is comin to Anchorage, Alaska - My hometown. I will be hosting a charity game featuring some of the best NBA players ... Dec 1st is the day it's suppose to go down. Stay tuned for more info and ticket sales. Get ready AK - lets make this 1 Great and unforgettable!, I'm up. Bout to go workout out. I need to sweat this cold out of me, Wow u never kno when it's your time to go. RIP to Heavy D, Man I need my copy of MW3 ASAP. Need that contact info somebody holla at me, Man I hate being sick. Going to get some theraflu and get back in bed, Watching my son run around this house like he on a sugar high and listening to this Drake cd and the nipsey mixtape. Hustle go hard, Stuck in NYC traffic. I hate traffic, I'm up. Bout to get in these streets of NYC. Thinkin bout hittin up Flight Club for some kicks. Let's see wats good, Just touch down in the NYC. Bout to hit the homie @Next718star up and see wats good, Congrats to my homie Conner tehan for steppin up last night for KU. Way to take Wat u do in practice and apply it on the court. Rock chalk, Congrats to my young boys. Kansas jayhawks got the win today even b short a couple key players. Rock chalk baby, Gym flo wit the homie Russ rob and @BlueprintBall. Let's get it in, Feelin good on this Monday. Everyday ain't promised to us so make each day count. And I'm tired of all this rain in miami, yes sir! Peep my new #EAVIP kit. This beast has me ready to see anyone n #BATTLEFIELD3 online., MARIO CHALMERS ERIC GORDON, GORDON HAYWARD AND OTHER NBA STARS COMING TO NEW CASTLE FIELDHOUSE IN INDIANAPOLIS NOVEMBER 6TH IT'S GOIN DOWN, I need some more followers. Tell yo friends to tell they friends, Hello world.... Workout 1 here I come. I gotta get better everyday lockout or not. Who gonna stop me huh (Watch The Throne on the iPod today), Great session of stretching and core work wit @pilatesone. Now time for some conditioning, On my way to Pilates then get on the bike for a couple miles., Let's go panthers. I see u Cam., I just tasted a red velvet waffle. Best thing I have ever tasted in my life. If ur in Charlotte go to terrace cafe. Bomb bomb bomb., So word on the street is UW nba alumni wanna challenge The University of Kansas nba alumni. They don't want that problem lol..., VIDEO: Mario Chalmers DUNKS. , I'm up. Hello world, world wats good. My son killed me today. I'm dead tired. We still going tho. I miss having that Lil kid energy., Craving some Chic Fil A. Let's go get it, World wats good. Bout to get my day started. Wat y'all up to?, Well Lawrence it's been fun. Goodluck to the KU women's and men's bball team. Prove the doubters wrong., just heard bout the homie Rick Ross prayers are wit u bra. U gonna b back on Yo feet soon, Just landed in Kansas city. Lawrence here I come. Can't wait for late night at the phog. Is goin down, Up early bout to catch this flight, Just finished an amazing pilates session and Pilates one. My legs feelin like they did back in high school. Imma have my bounce back Yessir, LET US PLAY #StandUnited, Been gone for a few days now I'm back again. Wats good world??, Man shotout to the homie @CP3 for putting together that game. Had to much fun wit the homies. WSSU showed to much love, Just said my last goodbye to my gpa. Man imma miss him. RIP Alphonso Mosley Sr., Columbia, south Carolina. Wassup. Just touched down in the city. So many memories wit my Gpa in this city. Man imma miss him. RIP Gpa, Just finished a great workout out. Now time to get some food and head to Charlotte., I'm up time to go get this work in wit @MicahLancaster. Been off two days battling a stomach virus so I gotta get it in today., Listening to this new J. Cole. That song he got wit Hov is on point, VIDEO: Mario Chalmers hits the final shot at The University of Kansas legends game!, Man woke up this morning sick as a dog. Somebody point me to the nearest pharmacy in Charlotte. I'm hurtin right now man., "Responding to the chants of “Mario, Mario,” from the crowd of 16,300 ... Mario Chalmers answered with a game-tying three with just one tick on the clock. ... Chalmers, who scored 17 points and dished 10 assists, wasn’t about to disappoint in the clutch...", At one of my favorite places in Lawrence gettin lunch. Pepperjax, That shot was for my grandpa too. RIP Grandpa. We love u. Ur in a better place now. No more suffering, wat a game today!!!! Had fun bein back n the Allen Fieldhouse. We have the greatest fans n da world. I luv y'all that shot was for y'all., It's going down at 4 o'clock n the Allen Fieldhouse. Imma need all my jayhawk fans to b there. We got somethin special for y'all. Rock Chalk, On my way to the gym to get this workout in. Gotta take my mind of the things that happen these past couple days. RIP Travis Deshields., Shoutout to Micah Lancaster for putting me thru hell this week in workouts. Anybody that wants to push to the limit in a workout hit him up., Bumpin this Meek Mill and Yo Gotti song. Don't panic. One of the hardest songs on that dream chaser mixtape, I need everybody to keep my Grandpa in yalls prayers. They keep him in the hospital for a Lil while. G pa I love u and keep fighting man., I'm up. On my way to gym gotta get this work in. Holla at y'all later, Just finished my first workout. That court session was a beast. Time to get some food and rest up for a lift at 3. NC State wats good. Holla, Time to go get this work in. Hardwork and dedication is the key to success, Just landed in Raleigh. Bout to head to the hotel to chill and get ready for these workouts tom., Panthers let's get this win today fellas, That's Wat he get for head butt man. That's all she wrote lol, I see alot of the Kansas fans are going wit the hometown kid. I don't kno if I can do that. I gotta go wit the homie money mayweather, Wat an eventful Saturday night. U got OU/FSU UM/OSU and money mayweather fight. Who y'all got on these events folks?? Holla at me, Just finished hoopin wit the UM fellas. Now time to get some food, I'm up. Wat to do today?? I need to get in the gym ASAP. Maybe see if I can go hoop wit the UM fellas today. Wats good wit y'all  world, Old news I should say., Wats good world?? I seen they put a Lil piece of my story ot from the KU book. Just wanna clear it up I have no problem wit Jay Wright...I was pissed at the time it happen but it's all on news. On to bigger and better things (pause) right now, Up packing and Gettin ready to make this move. Wats good tweet world and to all my fans I love y'all and thanks for yalls support, Finally on the plane heading back to Miami. Feels like I ain't been there in months. And on top of that when I get back I gotta start packin'..., Saturday afternoon football. I'm tuned in until I find something to get into., Wat to do on a Friday in Indianapolis. Somebody please let me kno, Just finished lifting. Now time to get some food and take a nap till it's time to hoop tonight. Indy indoors at 730, Just finished my workout wit St vincents now time to shower and hit up pita pit. Haven't had that place since I left Kansas, Time to go get this work in. I need it after the weekend I had. Let's get get get it, On my way back to nap town. Where the BBQ at today??? Imma b starving by the time I land. That pizza ain't do nothin but make my stomach mad, Man just left my G pops house. Good to see him. Had a great time talkin to him. Ain't seen him since 07. Remember to always keep Yo fam 1st, Great day wit the family. Pops face today was priceless when he seen the turnout., Back in NC for the weekend. Bout to have some fun wit the family. Happy birthday weekend pops. Gotta hit the gym and get a workout in before, Woke up feeling pretty good besides I 
The fact that I might b catching a Lil cold. Ready to head to Charlotte for my pops bday party., Just finished a great lift. Now time for lunch and a nap before my court workout...Bumpin that thrice greatness all day today. It's just the rhythm of night., Man this Is a rough morning. Gotta get up and go put this work in. #nodaysoff let's get it. Right back to the bed after this workout tho, Just finished another great workout. My jumper is on point right now. Time to get some grub and head back to the Telly., Early morning workout out flow with St. Vincents. Gotta strengthen all my weakness on the court. Let's get it, Finally in nap town. Time to get my luggage and head to the Telly. Early morning workout Tom so I'm chillin, Airplane flow soon. Back to Indiana I go. 2 more weeks and I will b done out there, Mario Chalmers is headed back to Lawrence to play with alumni like Paul Pierce, Cole Aldrich and Nick Collison., Man after a much needed nap. Time for workout number 2. Legs is killin me but I still gotta get it in. Let's get it. The time is now, VIDEO: 1-on-1 with Mario Chalmers., Just looked at my hat collections and it's slacking. Where in Miami can I go to get some snapbacks and fitted caps??, Posted at the crib bout to get on this 2k11 for a sec., Just got home and seen my package. Big ups to #EAVIP and #PS3 and @EAMaddenNFL for the package. Time to get my madden skills back on point!, null, Had a blast being back home in Ak seeing family and friends. Now back to the 305 to get back in the gym and get better., VIDEO: "Mario Chalmers went from the courts of Bartlett High School to the courts of the NBA. And now his high school number will forever bear his name...", Today was a great day. Seeing my high school jersey retired was a dream come true. First player in Bartlett history but hope I'm nt the last, PIC: From the archives, Mario Chalmers playing tough D against Arron Afflalo and the Nuggets in 2009., Feelin pretty good that my old high school is retiring my jersey tomorrow. This is a dream come true. I'm tryin to put AK back on the map., Great last day of camp. Campers were great in both sessions now time to chill and relax after hoopin wit the homies at Bartlett, Wats good tweet world. Just finish the morning session of my camp. Had alot of fun wit the youngsters. Now time to get some food, VIDEO: Mario Chalmers back in Alaska, giving back., Mario Chalmers will be in town long enough to see Bartlett HS retire his jersey -- No. 15 -- at a school assembly Tuesday., Mario Chalmers will be in town long enough to see Bartlett HS retire his jersey -- No. 15 -- at a school assembly Tuesday., Man I'm starving right now. Where to eat in Ak right now. Thinkin me and the fellas bout to go to Friday's. Yessir, FYI I will be at my camp tommorrow in Anchorage and there is still some openings left so keep signing up and I will see y'all tomorrow, Ak I'm home. Longest flight of my life but glad to b back where it all started for me. Anchorage stand up and wake up I'm here, Slight case of food poison got Yo boy feelin like death but thanks to my moms I feel all better. Who actually thought burnt toast would work, null, Just arrived at the Indy pro am. Yessir it's about to go down. Green squad let's get it, No matter who or Wat that tried to hold me back..... I made it and imma make the most of it. Love my fans but love my haters even more....., It's going down tommorrow at the Indy pro am. I can't wait. I ain't hooped in a long time, Had fun in the DR but I'm glad to be back. Tom back to workouts in Indiana. The time to get better is now., Just finished another great workout at St. Vincents in Indiana. Body feels great. pause. Now time to get some food and catch this flight., Well Kansas it has been fun. On my way to Indiana to start workin out and Gettin ready. Gone, Y is it so hot in Kansas right now. 112 degrees. I don't want no parts of this weather. U will not catch me outside till bout 9 or 10 tonite, Wanna thank everybody for comin out to my grand opening of the Mario's closet. We are going to touch alot of lives and make people feel good, "Cancer claimed the life of the mother of a childhood friend of Mario Chalmers, and he said he wanted to give back.", Just pulled up to the hospital. Can wait for the grand opening of Mario's Closet today at Lawrence Memorial Hospital. Thank you everybody, Thank you to everybody that help make my camp a success. Final day is over and the kids were excellent everyday. See you guys next year., Yea boy. It's almost time for the camp game. Told the kids if they beat the coaches they get pizza for snack for the rest of the week, Up and atom. Day 2 of my camp. Let's get better today fellas and have some fun. Kids was beggin me to hoop wit them. Think I might play toda, Need updates on the soccer game. Gonna b on the road for the next couple hrs, Eventhough team rio lost they played good. Still the #1 seed heading into the playoffs. Got to get them rebounding and breakin a press., On my way to the academy to watch the kids play. Gotta see how much work they been putting in. Let's get it. Team Rio, World wats good on this Saturday morning??? Just woke up. Got a special surprise for the kids at my basketball academy. Stay tuned, Finally making it out of chi town. Now i can go back to my watching my show. The back of my eye lids. Best tv series ever. Been on for 25yrs, "Mario Chalmers said during an interview that he wanted to give back to LMH,  and to Lawrence, a town he considers “a home away from home.”", On my way to the airport. Indiana here we come., 1st trip wit my son in the park. This Lil dude is everywhere on the court. He goin in lmao, VIDEO: Mario Chalmers steal and pass to Lebron for the dunk., PIC: Mario Chalmers dives for a loose ball against the Atlanta Hawks in the NBA playoffs., PIC: From the archives, Mario Chalmers drives past UNLV's Wink Adams., VIDEO: From the archvies, Mario Chalmers wins the HS All-American game 3-point contest in 2005., Wanna wish everybody a happy 4th. Who BBQ today cause I'm crashin it when I find out!, Had a nice vacation. Very relaxing and peaceful. Cabo is nice. Now time to go hang out wit my son and do my #1 job and that's b a dad., "Only one name really comes to mind and everyone probably can guess who it is, yep Mario Chalmers...", PIC: Mario Chalmers of Kansas with the game-tying shot against Memphis  in the NCAA Championship., VIDEO: Mario Chalmers with the dime to Lebron., PIC: Mario finishes strong in a game earlier this season., Congrats to b knight and kieff, I remember 3 years ago wakin up on this day anxious and nervous. Draft day is pressure. Good luck to all my Jayhawk boys., null, null, null)