List(Just a friendly reminder to our late night regulars that beginning tonight we will be closing at 6pm on Friday and Sat. for the winter. We re-open again for late nights in March., Green T Coffee Shop is currently hiring experienced baristas for the fall semester! If you are interested in hearing more about available shifts please message us or drop in with a resume. We hope to hear from you!, It's official!! We're opening a second location in Roslindale this Fall!! More details to come soon, but right now it's time to build!!, Late nights are back at Green T!! We'll be serving breakfast burritos from 10pm - 3am every Friday and Sat night so come on down!! It's the best possible decision you could make at 3am, The banana bread is looking amazing this morning! While you're here, try out our Cinnamon Bun latte. You won't be disappointed!, No blizzard will slow us down! Come on in and grab a hot drink and a delicious breakfast sandwich. We're open., Have you got a little bit of cabin fever going on?! We're open all day so come on down and get something to eat and stare at our walls for a while instead of your own., We are open all day despite the weather so come on in and treat yourself to a hot Nutella latte and a freshly made breakfast sandwich!!, Get out of the cold and warm up by our "fire" with some homemade chicken noodle soup and a hot latte!, It's going to be a HOT one this weekend! So come down and try our home-made and very refreshing POMEGRANATE, GINGER-LEMON and our brand new ROSE iced teas!! The ROSE is flying off the shelf so come get it while you can!!!, Come in and warm up with one of our winter warmers like the Bananas Foster latte or the White Mocha and Peppermint latte and grab one of our new Nutella topped croissants while you're at it!!, The Green T Coffee Shop needs your vote now! The deadline for the first round of the Boston Globe's Coffee Week championship is tomorrow at midnight (Monday (9/3))! Help us get through to the next round of this NCAA style bracket. It will only take a second to vote and no registration is required! Super easy! One click, boom, done!, The express window is open for the season!! So come by and grab an ice coffee, a freshly baked muffin and say hi to Kristi on your way to work!!, After more than a year of dealing with the MBTA the Green T Coffee Shop is now able to sell Charlie tickets and/or add value to your existing Charlie Card!!!, Aaaayyyy, breakfast burritos till 3am deserves two big thumbs up!!, IT'S HERE!!!! GREEN T COFFEE SHOP KICKS OFF THE LATE NIGHT MENU WITH BREAKFAST BURRITOS AND A SPICY THAI CHICKEN BURRITO STARTING TONIGHT FROM 10PM TO 3AM!!!, Come in and try our Blueberry smoothie special! Only $3!!! :), Get ready!!! The Green T will soon be open till 3am, Thursday through Saturday - serving massive breakfast burritos - stay tuned for more details! SHARE THIS post on your Facebook and get a FREE small coffee!, Green T Coffee shop has added a new pastry! Come in and try one of our delicious cupcakes! :), Have you tried our green t spinach bagel? One large brown get, baby spinach, tomato, fresh basil and swiss cheese on your choice of bagel:), Come into green t and try one of our delicious breakfast sandwiches! This one here is a ham,  egg and cheese on a croissant. Get any of our breakfast sandwiches on toast, bagel or croissant:) made fresh to order!, Come in and try our Western Omelette Bagel. Two eggs , sliced red and green bell peppers with onions, pepper jack cheese and your choice of bagel!, Come into green t coffee and try our Nutella latte! Don't like coffee? We also have Nutella hot chocolate :), Come down and grab a seat by the "fire" and try out our newest breakfast sandwich: 2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, maple ham, sausage, drizzled with maple syrup and sandwiched between two pieces of French toast, topped with powdered sugar!!! 

Help us come up with a name for this beast!, Come in to try our newest drink! Butter finger latte! Don't like coffee? Try our butter finger hot chocolate! Perfect for rainy days :), come in today to try one of our delicious crossiants !! Baked fresh every morning., Come in and try our Pumpkin Caramel spice latte!! It has our new pumpkin spice syrup topped off with caramel drizzle and cinnamon! Perfect for fall! Only at, we now have level up! Just download the level up app, and link card. Pay with level up card when you check out. Save a few bucks immediately :), come in to Green T Coffee shop to pick up our new loyalty card! We have one for smoothies, sandwiches and coffee!! :), Come in today and try our frozen  mint chocolate frappe!! Now made with coffee or just chocolate :), Check us out on ScoutMob! Download the app for a discount!, *The Green T Coffee Shop is now hiring* We're looking for an experienced barista (or two) to join our team. Candidates must live in proximity to the shop in Mission HIll (We open at 6am), have solid references and show attention to detail. Interviews are taking place all this week before 2pm. Email Matt at greentcoffeeshop@hotmail.com with your resume and to schedule a visit. Thank you! : ), We need you! It'll only take a second. Show your support of the Green T Coffee Shop and vote us the best coffee shop in Boston. Better yet, please share the link below on your FB wall or via Twitter! We'd super appreciate it. Thank you!, There are only a couple of  days left! Please vote for the Green T Coffee Shop in the "Best Coffee Shop" category of the WGBH Best of Boston A-List! Also, we kindly ask that you share this link with your social network. We need your vote and would really appreciate the support!, blueberries anyone? Come in this weekend to try our new blueberry smoothie!! Only $3! Made with fresh blueberries, banana, and yogurt topped off with our homemade whipped cream and blueberries!, The other day two customers came in asking if they could shoot some video footage for a tech workshop they were taking part in. Of course we were happy to help. With no planning what-so-ever and on a whim this was the outcome - with help from Green T barista Matt Hoey. The footage resulted in a very cute film short titled "Fair Trade" : ) Enjoy., Good morning banana bread! Check out our new Monday thru Friday special. A small fresh brewed coffee (bean of your choice) and a fat slice of homemade banana bread for $3!, Fresh out of the oven at Green T : ) Vanilla and cinnamon banana bread - and organic green tea, peach and strawberry bread. $1.65 for a huge slice! Try one with our coffee of the day, Ethiopian Moka Harar. Delish!, Have you tried out Frozen Mint Chocolate Chip Frappe yet? Made with Ghirrdeli chocolate, frosted mint and topped off with our homemade whipped cream!, Banana bread, fresh from the oven! Yum! : ), Our new convection oven is turning out some great homemade baked goods. This morning we have cinnamon, vanilla, banana bread and three-berry coconut and Bailey's bread. Come in for a free sample! : ), A Yelp review from this morning. "Wonderful spinach breakfast sandwich! Ingredients seem fresh, QUALITY, and reasonably priced." Have YOU left a Yelp review highlighting your personal Green T experience? : ) http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-green-t-coffee-shop-boston?sort_by=date_desc, Check us out on Twitter! https://twitter.com/#!/Green_T_Coffee, We just made a batch of fresh squeezed lemonade! It's extra delicious when served with fresh mint leaves! #Roxtweet #MissionHill, A view from our express window towards Huntington on this rainy Friday morning., Try our new scones:), Please vote for the Green T Coffee Shop in the "Best Coffee Shop" category of the WGBH Best of Boston A-List! Also, we kindly ask that you share this link with your social network. We need your vote and would really appreciate the support!, Come and stop by Green T to try our new smoothies :), Come in and try a free sample of our authentic Italian lady finger cookies dipped in Belgian chocolate - and served chilled! They are so delicious! : ), We're dunked stuff in Callebaut Belgian chocolate today! The strawberries really excited those who were here just in time for free samples : ) We also made chocolate covered banana slices. What else can we dunk in chocolate that people will like?, Our latest creation at Green T! Coming soon for our new lunch menu which is set to launch in June! Stay tuned., Visit our new express ordering window tomorrow from 8-11am (Friday) and get a small iced tea or coffee with any of our delicious pastries for only $3.99!, Check us out on Yelp and consider sharing your Green T experience with others on the web : ) Thank you!, Hosting an acoustic show this Saturday afternoon at the Green T. Come by to check out the first of hopefully many concerts to come., Looks like today is going to be a beautiful day! Stop by and try our Raspberry Iced Tea- as is or add some lemon :), Come in and try our new drink, our Iced Blended Chai! :), This Sunday from 6-8 is our first art opening and music night. Three acoustic sets and a gallery showing. All are welcome. Featuring Mission Hill based artist Julie Frances Enriquez (Boston Museum School) - Permanent Boot Presents Musicians: Joseph Aaskov, Sydney Manning and Isabel Broughman. Support local artists and musicians at Green T. , null, We just got our new awning : ), The Thursday morning pastry delivery! 5:45am at the Green T Coffee Shop., The Green T Coffee Shop reviewed in the Boston Phoenix : ) , Everything bagel with cucumber, cream cheese and hard boiled cage-free egg - Yum - and a cappuccino : ), A latte at the Green T Coffee Shop, Green T is now selling Lake Champlain Chocolates - Yum!, The Green T Coffee Shop on FourSquare., Via Yelp on February 20th : )
I have to say that this shop is exactly what the hill has needed or a really long time! I'm thrilled that they finally opened and that it exceeded my expectations.  The coffee there is the best around and the RedEye that they made me this morning was extraordinary.  The staff is super friendly and gracious and the atmosphere is the kind of place that makes you forget about your daily BS even if its only for a few minutes.  The girl Margaret that served me couldn't have been more pleasant. I really like this place and I'm so happy I don't have to do the daily Dunkin' Donuts grind anymore. Plus they had John Lee Hooker playing when I walked in, and that right there gets my loyalty!!, Many thanks to Jenna Duncan, Editor-in-Chief of the Northeastern University student-run publication "The Huntington News" - and of the Boston Globe for this great piece! Hope to see you again soon! : )   , Did you have a great pastry, cup of coffee or customer experience at the Green T Coffee Shop this week? Please consider submitting a review on Yelp - we would be very grateful : ), "Tony O’Brien (owner of Flann O’Brien’s) has taken over the recently closed Stylz by DaBarba site to unveil the Green T Coffee Shop at 754 Huntington Ave. You might recall that Tony won the Mission Hill Main Street’s Golden Broom award for maintaining cleanliness excellence for Flann’s, so you know he will be bringing high quality coffees and pastries and a friendly atmosphere to this new shop.", Many thanks to all of our new customers and neighbors who have made these first 72 hours of business a wonderful experience!)