List(Late night got you hangry? 😡+🍴=😇

Late Night Menu: Thursday-Saturday, 11pm-1am, Who are you cheering for?

We're showing all of the games up until the championship game on Monday, April 4th!

Full bar and dinner menu available. Try our happy hour flatbreads too!, TGIF! Dinner & dance with us!, It's warming up in Cambridge! These Sweet Pork Tacos with black bean puree, corn salsa, grilled green apple and lime sour cream are looking pretty good right now., Is it 5 o'clock yet? We're excited to introduce our new Flatbread Happy Hour special (Mon-Sat)!

The earlier you come in, the cheaper your pie: $5 at 5pm, $6 at 6pm, $7 at 7pm, and $8 at 8pm., Try out Chef's burger lunch special today! $10 for a burger, fries, and soda., The storm is brewing tonight for JAMINIC's Tropical Tuesdays tomorrow at 9pm!, Yay!, Graffiti Alley keepin it fresh across the street., Mondays can be a drag... but our Unlimited Wing Night might sweeten the deal! #MondayMotivation, null, Let us serve you up a craft cocktail this weekend., Spring is here! What better way to celebrate than with JAMINIC's Tropical Tuesdays in the front lounge on 3/29., Lounge. Dinner. Hookah. Fun., Pasta Bolognese is how we do dinner right., Wine Not Wednesday is back! Stop by tonight for Chef’s Wine Flight in the lounge & dining room. Ask your server for dinner specials too., JAMINIC'S Bday Edition in the front lounge tonight!, Who are you cheering for?
Book your room now for a private viewing party of 15+ people.

We have full A/V set up and a full bar and dinner menu available.

Call 617.955.4900 to book TODAY!, Try our Grilled Atlantic Salmon Caesar Salad for lunch... Chef Youssef's house tea is what really makes it!, Liquid Saturdaysss T O N I G H T, What we're having for dinner tonight: Veggie Risotto, Chicken Parm Sandwich on point.👌, Happy St. Patty's Day! Bar hop and celebrate with us all day long!

$5 special: 1/2 beer, shot of whiskey, and all you can eat UNLIMITED fries., What should we garnish your drink with tonight?, Bar hop with Monroe and celebrate St. Patty's Day all day long this Thursday!

$5 special: 1/2 beer, shot of whiskey, and all you can eat UNLIMITED fries., null, T O N I G H T ! ! !
Join us in the lounge for the launch of JAMINIC'S newest albums! We're kicking off our weekly Tuesday dance night with TROPICAL TUESDAYS!!!!!!!!!!, null, Happy UNLIMITED MONDAY WING NIGHT! Grab your seat at 5pm., Lunch goals..., Stop by on Wednesdays for Chef’s Wine Flight in the lounge & dining room. Ask your server for dinner specials too!, Come dine with us at Monroe Restaurant Nightclub & Lounge. When you spend $60 receive $20 back!, We love a steak dinner, but our Statler Chicken is on point., Have you visited MONROE yet? Spend $60 and get a $20 gift card on your first visit., Dinner goals... Stop in for Chef's Grilled Atlantic Salmon!
Reserve your table: http://bit.ly/1LV6E5N, null, LUNCH with us!!!, Don't pass up our Black Angus Burger. 8oz. of deliciousness with aged cheddar cheese, bacon, and the works., Don't pass up our Black Angus Burger. 8oz. of deliciousness with aged cheddar cheese, bacon, and the works., From dinner to drinks to nightlife, Matt's Meals covers all that Monroe has to offer., Dinner is a party!!!, Wise Guys Trivia Night is back TONIGHT! FREE Truffle Fries for every team that signs up. See you there at 5:30pm!, FREE Truffle fries for every team that signs up for Wise Guys Trivia tomorrow night!, null, Lunch is a Party!!!, Save room for UNLIMITED wings tonight!, null, We have crab cakes for days... Join us for lunch at 11:30am!, Have a Bday?!!!
DM us for huge specials
Dine and Dance This weekend!!!, Calling all trivia goers... Who's ready for this week's Wise Guys Trivia on Tuesday? FREE Truffle Fries for each team that attends!, Join us for amazing Dinner deals this weekend!!!, It's Friday!!
Treat yourself to Lunch with us!!!, Our Fav!!!!  Crab Cake Sliders!
Reserve now: 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/monroe-cambridge-2, Book Monroe now for your upcoming 2016 events! Corporate Events, Product Launches, Cocktail Parties, Fundraisers, Graduation Parties, Nightlife Entertainment, and so much more! Contact: events@monroecambridge.com, The Bread Pudding Life
Reserve now! 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/monroe-cambridge-2, Try our massive Steak TONIGHT!!!, Salmon and Tuna Tartare
Only at Monroe, Crab Cake sliders!!!
Customer favorite, Pay $15 Get $30 worth of food at Monroe

https://www.yelp.com/checkout/deal/Vhyj23cycPtjjTF8Sv0cJw?biz_id=eLDNfCckkr2_H8V7Yll12w&return_url=%2Fbiz%2Fmonroe-cambridge-2, null, LUNCH TODAY!!!
The best Burger in town!!!, TONIGHT!!!
Get your tickets NOW and do not wait in line!!!, Worst parents everrrrrrr, FREE Truffle Fries for every team that signs up TONIGHT at Wise Guys Trivia Night! See you at 5:30pm for sign up!, Wise Guys Trivia Night start TONIGHT! FREE Truffle Fries for every team that signs up. See you there!, We had a great time hosting Cambridge Community Services' CCS Volunteer Social last night!, TOMORROW night at 6pm! Sign up at 5:30pm!, Extra crispy, delicious wings made to order tonight! Stop by during dinner for unlimited wings all night! Photo: The Next Gentleman, Start your week off on a sweet note with our dessert special: Key Lime Pie with Cranberry Sorbet.👌, Have you tried our Surf n Turf yet? The best of both worlds!, null, LATE NIGHT EATS. Every Thurs - Sat. 10pm-2am. Get it., Happy Wine Not Wednesday! Stop by tonight for Chef’s Wine Flight in the lounge & dining room. Ask your server for dinner specials too!, Stop in after work TONIGHT and network/connect/mingle with Boston and Cambridge young professionals! Meet at MONROE 5-7pm every Tuesday., TONIGHT at Monroe!, Check out Elissa's (from Style-Wire) date night at MONROE!, Stop in after work TOMORROW and network/connect/mingle with Boston and Cambridge young professionals! Meet at MONROE 5-7pm every Tuesday., Excited to open the doors to our next concept Shanti Restaurant - Kendall Sq tomorrow!, Join us for UNLIMITED wings tonight!, Stop in for dinner TOMORROW and get a $20 gift card when you spend $60!, Start your week off right and grab a friend, co-worker, and your appetite to MONDAY WING NIGHT! UNLIMITED WINGS all night!, Grab a beer and our Truffle Mushroom Flatbread tonight!, Stop in for dinner tonight and get a $20 gift card when you spend $60!, null, #TGIF! Grab a side of Spring Rolls and Potato Croquettes with friends at lunch today! We're open 11am-3pm., Have you tried MONROE yet?
Club, Lounge, Dinner, Love., null, Stop by TONIGHT for Wine Not Wednesdays! Assorted wine flight 3 for $19 in lounge/dining room. Dinner specials too!, Stop by TOMORROW for Wine Not Wednesdays! Assort wine flight 3 for $19 in lounge/dining room. Dinner specials too!, Young Professional Tuesday's is back tonight from 5-7pm!, UNLIMITED Monday Wing Night is back tonight! Fend off the freezing weather and make them spicy!, Getting in the Valentine's Day spirit.♥️, Happy Valentine's Day! Come in and treat your special someone to Chef Youssef's V-Day menu. Or bring a friend in for Galentine's Day! Call 617-661-4900 to book!, Happy Valentine's Day! Come in and treat your special someone to Chef Youssef's V-Day menu. Or bring a friend in for Galentine's Day! Call 617-661-4900 to book!, We love Four Roses Bourbon so much that we got it tatted., Happy Valentine's Day Weekend! Celebrate with your Valentine TONIGHT-Sunday. Call 617-661-4900 to book!, #TGIF! Stop in after work and celebrate with some apps!, Valentines Weekend is here! Come in and treat your special someone to Chef Youssef's V-Day menu. Call 617-661-4900 to book!, Have you planned your Valentine's Weekend yet? Chef Youssef is offering his V-Day menu TONIGHT-Sunday. Call 617-661-4900 to book!, Have you planned your Valentine's Weekend yet? Chef Youssef is offering his V-Day menu Fri-Sun. Call 617-661-4900 to book!, It's almost the weekend! Grab a drink from our curated cocktail menu!, Still looking for Valentine's Day plans? Chef Youssef is offering his V Day menu Fri-Sat. Call 617-661-4900 to book!, null, Wine Not Wednesdays starts TODAY!

3 assorted wines for $19 Chef’s Wine Flight in lounge & dining room. Ask your server for dinner specials too!, Our owners Rokeya and Solmon Chowdhury are in The Boston Globe today, and celebrating Valentine's Day early!

"The co-owners of Boston’s Dudley Cafe and Shanti Dorchester launched Cambridge’s Monroe Restaurant and Monroe this month. When they’re not working, they enjoy spicy fish at home in Roxbury." #loveonmain, Why wait until the weekend to go out?

Kick off the rest of your week with Wine Not Wednesdays - starts TOMORROW!

3 assorted wines for $19 Chef’s Wine Flight in lounge & dining room.
Ask your server for dinner specials too!, Connect and mingle with Boston and Cambridge young professionals TONIGHT starting at 5pm in the lounge. See you there!, Looking to network, connect, and mingle with Boston and Cambridge young professionals? Meet at MONROE 5-7pm every Tuesday, starting TONIGHT!, The perfect way to try out MONROE., MONDAY WING NIGHT starts TODAY! Grab a friend, co-worker, and your appetite to MONROE. UNLIMITED WINGS all night!, MONDAY WING NIGHT starts next week! UNLIMITED WINGS all night!, Start your week off right and grab a friend, co-worker, and your appetite to MONDAY WING NIGHT!

UNLIMITED WINGS all night with the purchase of two mixed drinks or draft beers!, null, Rooting for the Carolina Panthers or Denver Broncos? Fuel up with food from MONROE and cheer on your Super Bowl 50 team on SUNDAY! PRE-ORDER food for HALF TIME. Order online from our brand new website!, null, Book MONROE now for your upcoming 2016 events! Corporate Events, Product Launches, Cocktail Parties, Fundraisers, Graduation Parties, Nightlife Entertainment, and so much more! Contact: events@nagacambridge.com, null, Kitchen is open! Our Black Angus Burger is served with aged cheddar, bacon, caramelized, portobello mushrooms, and the works! Stop in today and start your week off right., Salmon and Tuna Tartare Bites from Friday's Soft Opening event. Perfect for your next gathering/event at MONROE!, Hey whiskey lovers!
Limited number of regular tickets still available for TOMORROW!
Indulge in 12 different whiskeys hosted by Boston Harbor Distillery., null, Soft Opening of MONROE Restaurant TONIGHT! Stop by from 7pm-10pm and sample appetizers and selected dishes from Chef Youssef's menu!, null, We 💕 shareables! Grab some friends or someone special and share Chef Youssef's perfect charcuterie plate!, null, null, Our kitchen is open! These Moules Frites def hit the spot., Indulge in 12 different whiskeys this Saturday. Limited amount of regular tickets still available!, null, Be part of the next best thing., Excited to open our doors TODAY at 7pm!
Check out our recent mention in Wicked Local to get a sneak peak., TONIGHT the mystery begins:
New MENU.
New DECOR.
New VIBE.
Tag, Share and Inbox us for a chance to WIN a dinner for 2., Ready? Doors open at 5pm TOMORROW!, Let the mystery begin., Be part of the next best thing., Doors open this Friday at 5pm., null, Less than a week away until our Grand Opening!
RSVP for more info!, We're excited to launch Monroe next week! Check out our mention in Eater Boston to learn more., Shout out to our sister concept Dudley Cafe on making The Boston Globe's list of "50 best new restaurants!", Last Job Fair & Casting Call is TODAY from 4pm-7pm.
Hosted at 450 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139., Job Fair & Casting Call TODAY and January 6th & 7th from 4pm-7pm.
Hosted at 450 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139., null, null)