List(null, Happy WIC Week to all the hardworking Women in Construction who continue to drive our industry forward every day!, All of our projects are special...but this one, well, it was even more so, especially seeing the end result!, null, We have our first Metis baby!  The Yosts welcomed Jaxson last night 3/7/16 at 11:35pm! Their little boy was born at 8lbs, 3 oz, 21"! Congratulations from your Metis family!, Co-owner Katie Wright's passion for experiential and outdoor learning has been consistent throughout her career, having focused on philanthropic literacy initiatives during her tenure at Metis (photo of a recent Metis book drive for First Book Akron).  When provided the opportunity, it was a true calling to follow her life's passion.  As the Director of the CVEEC, Katie will be responsible foroverseeing CVEEC operations  and staff; forging new and maintaining existing relationships in local school districts; providing leadership and vision 
in designing educational programming 
and strategic initiatives; and representing and promoting the mission of the  Conservancy and programs at the CVEEC.  
The CVEEC was established in 1994 and has been managed by the  Conservancy since 2002.  Located on a pristine 500 acre campus within Cuyahoga Valley National Park, the CVEEC provides unparalleled learning opportunities for over 9,000 children eachyear via residential, day, and summer  programs.  Since opening, the CVEEC has served over 75,000 children. 

When asked about her new position, Katiereplied, “I have had the opportunity to work with some of the best in the  construction industry and I am excited to use what I have learned as part of the 
management team at Metis to enhance and grow the outreach of the 
CVEEC.”  

Whenever you have the opportunity to follow your life's passion...DO IT!, CONGRATULATIONS KATIE WRIGHT!Happy First Day!
Metis Construction is pleased to 
announce that Co-Founder Katie Wright has accepted a full time position as Director  of the Cuyahoga Valley Environmental Education Center (CVEEC) at the Conservancy for the Cuyahoga Valley  National Park. The CVEEC is one of the most well respected environmental 
educational centers in the country and is  within the Cuyahoga Valley National Park, one of the most visited national parks in 
the country.  Katie will retain her ownership in Metis and will continue to represent Metis as an owner.

We wish her much success and if you would like to also, please contact her at kwright@forcvnp.org., Congratulations to the Rotary Club of Akron on your success with the Chili Open! $225,000 for the Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs, AWESOME!, Commercial, EXPERIENCED, carpenters needed. Ability to work with layout, metal studs, hardware, drywall, and ceilings REQUIRED. Contact us today! jbrandle@metisconstruction.com, It's a tough life here at the office this afternoon! @TubbsChiropractic is here to promote Health and Wellness Month with giveaways, snacks and chair massages!, Underway in North Canton, this former Verizon store will be transformed into the new prototype branch design of Westfield Bank.  Watch for updates!, Mr. Hero, Lodi Outlet Mall Food Court, Lodi, OH - Tenant Build Out, Mr Hero, Summit Mall, Fairlawn, OH - Tenant Build Out, Mr Hero, Akron, OH - Tenant Build Out, null, Recently completed Buffalo Wild Wings, Willoughby, Ohio. Formerly a Don Pablo's Restaurant, you wouldn't know it from this complete renovation overhaul!, Completed Edward Jones Office North Canton, Ohio, The corner of 82 and 21 in downtown Brecksville looks renewed with the recent renovations on the Breck House and Breck Building! Proud to help revitalize this historic house to its original grandeur., It was a great day for a Metis Cookout Friday! Thanks guys for the venison burgers and wild boar! Did we just say thanks for venison and wild boar? Oh my!, null, In a city of Kent update today on the Dan Smith Memorial Park, "If you haven't already been there you should stop by and see the workmanship on the stage area. Frank (Metis' foreman) has truly done an amazing job on the stage and trellis. His attention to all the small things will truly make this a great space and something truly fitting for Dan."  Thanks Frank for your dedication to this amazing project we are honored to be a part of., Latest photos of the Dan Smith Park currently under construction in the City if Kent., Congratulations RLB Phoneix on your City Award, as part of the Kent Tree City Awards!  Looking forward to celebrating your win tonight! Proud to be the general contractor on this amazing downtown Kent transformation!, From this to this, Royal Cleaners has made an attractive transformation!  Congratulations Royal Cleaners on your Tree City Award, definitely deserving of this year's City Award!, Dollar General complete in Bristolville., Great way to spend a Saturday! This week it was a collaboration project between Rebuilding Together of Portage County and Habitat Portage. Siding, 3 new windows, a new front porch, new back steps, landscaping, and decluttering all made for a like - brand new home for this Ravenna homeowner., Even our vendors proudly wear the Metis gear! An afternoon of promoting drug free work place, safety, 401k, health care (thanks John Friend!), and new gear!, Introducing one of our new KSU Construction Management interns, Kevin Anthony, to Metis life! KENT NEWDLE BAR SUSHI!, Breck House and Breck Building,  Brecksville renovations coming along nicely., We opened our new office 2 years ago this week! Who do YOU know in need of excellent commercial construction services ? Please visit us at Metisconstruction.com today!, Congratulations to O'Reilly Auto Parts on your ribbon cutting this week! Thank you for choosing Metis Construction to serve as your general contractor for the ground up construction of your newest area location!, Metis Construction celebrated the ribbon cutting today of our most recently completed project Nineteen10, the renovated lobby restaurant at the Kent State Hotel and Conference Center., Finished O'Reilly Auto Parts, Kent, Ohio., Proud to support The LeBron James Family Foundation, Take 2!, If you're not here GACC MEMBERS, you should be! We're here until 8!, Please join us!, Metis Construction is hiring in Kent, Ohio! Now seeking an administrative assistant to work at the front desk.  Position to include basic office duties such as phones, filing, welcoming visitors, preparing contracts, data entry and other similar duties. Please email resumes to jbrandle@metisconstruction.com., Dollar General, under construction in Cortland, Ohio., GSNEO Poolhouse final photos, finished! Perfect timing for the start of summer camp at Timberlane. June 2015, Finished and open for business, Cheesemonger, Kent., Kent, Royal Cleaners update, parking lot installation, Hayden Auditorium Dedication, Hiram College., Royal Cleaners, Kent.  Parking lot replacement stage of the project., Kent's new O'Reilly Auto Parts coming along nicely !, Makeover of the Hayden Auditorium at Hiram College., Almost there!, The Second Annual Metis - Lay's Taste Test Challenge! Last year Wasabi won, this year - Southern Biscuits and Gravy. We KNOW you've been waiting to hear! #lays #fritolay, Kent's Cheesemonger, moving right along! LOVE the red!, Under construction - O'Reilly, Kent, Restoring the beautiful Breck House to its former glory, BEFORE pictures., Happy to support the Ronald McDonald House of Akron!

http://c3457.myubam.com/p/1583/jonathan-james-and-the-whatif-monster#.VbFFylhlftE.facebook, Recently, Boys and Girls Club members,7th grade and up, visited Metis Construction Services. Both the education needed and the career opportunities available in the construction industry were discussed. The students practiced introducing themselves and making a first impression on our staff. They learned about the different jobs and skills required to acquire and complete a construction project from sales and estimating to project management.  Job descriptions and expectations for superintendents, carpenters, and laborers were also discussed. The club members and their directors asked questions about the determination, sacrifice and hard work required to start a business, as well as what we look for when hiring and retaining staff. They visited two job sites in progress, Popped! and O'Reilly. Gwen Rosenberg, Popped! Owner, shared with the group not only about her journey and growth as a business owner, but also a variety of popcorn samples! Finishing the tour, students visited the O'Reilly job site where rebar was being laid for the concrete floor. They learned about being on a job site, safety, weather, and working with other companies., Under construction in Acorn Alley 2, Kent, Ohio., Getting closer, Royal Cleaners under construction in Kent, Ohio., Metis Construction is proud to support the Lenibug Foundation.  Recently Metis sponsored a Wine and Canvas party.  KristiGDesigns donated her class fee and led these budding artists in creating the whimsical paintings pictured here. Learn more on how you can join us in supporting the Lenibug Foundation at lenibugfoundation.org, They've been working hard and needed an outing so some of the guys were off to Signature of Solon for the Aurora Chamber Golf Day., Always happy to help our neighbors, epecially for something cool like this new mural in Kent. Stop by Water Street Tavern and see for yourself!, The grand opening was a huge success! Congratulations #BuffaloWildWings on your new Alliance location.  Thank you for choosing Metis Construction!, Helping girls build courage,  confidence and character Metis Construction was a proud sponsor of the Build Like A Girl Camp held this week at Camp Ledgewood.  This camp was designed by the Akron Chapter of NAWIC, National Association of Women in Construction. Spearheaded by Anke Myers of ProFab, Rosemary Koly (retired), Mardi Kackstetter-Gauer of Ruhlin, and Julie Brandle of Metis, the week long camp was designed for girls grades 6-8 to learn about the industry., Metis Construction is proud to participate in this organization that works diligently to revitalize downtown Kent. Special thanks to our very own Marcel Clopton for his involvement in this outstanding organization and his dedication to our city's economic development. 
http://www.mainstreetkent.org/about/4552188186, Come visit the Metis booth this weekend for Caitlin ' s peach cupcakes with brown butter frosting. Caitlin Doherty is our office coordinator! Thanks Caitlin!, Marcel Clopton, Safety Director, led a GHS training session today for job supervisors, team leaders and project managers. The Globally Harmonized System for Hazard Communication is an international standard for informing workers about health, physical and environmental hazards in the workplace. Thank you Marcel for all your extra work educating our staff and keeping them safe., null, Ribbon cutting for the completion of our most recent project the PARTA Gateway. These store fronts house the Kent Visitor Centre, the KSU Fashion School Store, and Kent Central Gateway Footwear.  Coming Soon Cutler Real Estate to the fourth and final store front., Thank you Joe Kist and Power Media! The trailer looks great! Gopowermedia.com, Proud Sponsor of the 20th Annual KACC/KSU Athletics Golf Outing. Funds raised support the Dan Smith Memorial Scholarship., Tenant build out - before and during photos, Hanging with Webster!, Game time! Metis employee night!, On site today kicking off the facelift and addition to Royal Cleaners, Kent, Ohio., Thanks Steve Plata! Steve was filling in for Joe while he attends OSHA Training at the #BenCurtisFamilyFoundation Birdie Bag packing this morning!  700 children in need in Kent City Schools receive a bag of food for the long holiday weekends each month throughout the school year., O'Reilly's Auto Parts under construction at the corner of S Water Street(SR43) and Cherry Street, Kent, Ohio., Our employees are awesome! Another great Heroes Day in the books! Our veterans were thrilled!, Metis is looking for experienced commercial lead carpenters.  Please contact us if you or someone you know is looking for full-time employment in a drug-free work place. Projects are located throughout Northeast Ohio. Please send resume to Jbrandle@metisconstruction.com, Are you an experienced painter looking for employment? Or do you know someone else who is? Please contact us! Jbrandle@metisconstruction.com, With the help of clients, friends and family Metis presented over 100 books to Ravenna's Center of Hope for their annual Easter basket giveaway.  Thank you Chip and Elizabeth Eaken, Marathon Financial, Kent Elastomer, RLB Phoenix Properties, Michelle and Darrin Hartman, Frank Lucco Company, Spooner Inc, Sharon and Drew Aloisi, Fairlawn 100, Thompson Electric, JP Cabinets, Colonial Life, Aurum Wealth Mgmt- Bill Hertzog, Kelly Glover, BCG & Company, Bob and Annette Oborn, Neil and Julie Unger, Ohio Benefits and Insurance Group, and Jim and Margot Clifford for participating in this year's Metis March Into Literacy!, Metis March Into Literacy, null, With the help of clients, friends and family Metis presented books to First Book of Greater Akron.  First Book provides new books to children in need, addressing one of the most important factors affecting literacy, access to books. Each year over 10,000 books are distributed to children in low income families! Thank you Chip and Elizabeth Eaken, Marathon Financial, Kent Elastomer, RLB Phoenix Properties, Michelle and Darrin Hartman, Frank Lucco Company, Spooner Inc, Sharon and Drew Aloisi, Fairlawn 100, Thompson Electric, JP Cabinets, Colonial Life, Aurum Wealth Mgmt- Bill Hertzog, Kelly Glover, BCG & Company, Bob and Annette Oborn, Neil and Julie Unger, Ohio Benefits and Insurance Group, and Jim and Margot Clifford., The KSU Fashion School Store has now been relocated to the PARTA building! Now it's time for the expansion of Popped!, Camp season open house, Astronomy Center, Full house! All 30 employees are in the building (ok two are on a project out of state, but we're close!) 401k, secondary health insurance benefits, safety and housekeeping talks- a great way to spend a couple of hours this afternoon! Thanks Streetsboro Honeybaked Ham for our delicious boxed lunch delivery!, null, Truly an honor to host the Portage Development Board here at Metis to celebrate the awesome accomplishments of Brad Ehrhart and his team! With Diana Fierle, Sabrina Christian-Bennett, Lori Schroeder Wemhoff, Laura Ferrara Holman., Metis Construction co-owner Katie Clifford Wright presents "Loving Your Perfectly Imbalanced Life" at today's KNOW on the go!, null, Metis welcomed members of CREW (Commercial Real Estate Women ) to the office following a special Insiders Tour of Acorn Corner. Presentations were made by Doug Fuller and Elizabeth Eaken of DSA, the project architect, and Steve Brandle, who managed the project for Metis. The historic renovation of this 1920s hotel transformed it into mixed use space housing Buffalo Wild Wings, office space for the Kent Chamber and Marathon Financial, and 2 floors of luxury apartments., Historic Renovation, Kent, Ohio, Metis is growing!  If you or someone you know is an experienced LEAD CARPENTER with COMMERCIAL EXPERIENCE, please send resumes to jbrandle@metisconstruction.com. No site visits please., Congratulations on a fantastic soft opening for friends and family today! Teriyaki Madness will open for business Tuesday, April 7th. Everything we tried was delicious! Thanks for including us!, Love the new truck lettering PowerMedia! Awesome job on both vans!, Fabulous presentation today by one of our clients Robert Oborn, with Kent Elastomer. Shout out to Renee Onesti, Kent Elastomer engineer, world class safety program designer and special friend of Metis. Great recognition for your company's success not only in business, but in serving Kent residents with your dedication to helping others through Kent Social Services. Thank you for your business and all you do for our community!, The Aurora Inn, before and after of these two beautiful spaces., Today is the last day! Metis could still use your help to bring the love of reading to children in need.  Please join Kelly Glover with BCG Shelly DePasquale Penza and John Penza of JP Cabinets and Wendy Middleton Eldridge with Aurum Wealth Management, thank you all and so many more for your support! We are at $890, I'm sure with your help we can reach at least  $1,000 by the end of the day!, null, Teriyaki Madness- #Akron2Akron tour highlighting the Wallhaven Neighborhood of Akron., Please help us to help others.  Log on today and help us provide books to children in need., Come support Women in Construction through the annual NAWIC Style Show, March 14, 2015. Call for tickets today! Clothing provided by Aurora Farms!, Hood is going up!, Earning our Red Cross CPR certification, Moving right along at Teriyaki Madness, Akron., On the grounds of the historical Hale Farm, the Rotary Club of Akron raised $184,000 for the Rotary Camp for children with special needs. Metis was proud to a part of it all. It was a pretty AWESOME record breaking day!, null, We're connected to our expansion, wall is down!, Like Narnia, we have the exciting new addition to our office space going on right inside our storage closet.  The wall opening is coming soon to our 800 sq ft addition to the Metis World Headquarters right here in Kent Ohio!, Special thank you to the Akron Canton Chapter of CSI for the invitation for our President and Co-owner Julie Brandle to serve on your meeting's panel last night on the topic of Design/Build vs CM at risk. It was a great discussion and both Steve and Julie felt it was an honor to be a part of it!, Coming Soon ! Teriyaki Madness is coming to Akron at Wallhaven! Renovations are underway now., null, Underway in Kinsman, building their new astronomy center!, Buckeyes game or Rehab Addict? Sorry OSU, I see HGTV on TV as priority #1 in our house tonight, or a whole lot of channel flipping between the two!, Cafe O'Play opens December 26!, Final pictures of the US Bank-Fairlawn!  Now open!, Another project underway! An astronomy center is now under construction in Kinsman, Ohio for the GSNEO!, http://www.lebronjames.com/post/metisconstructionbringshomehardware#, It was our honor to accept the Medical Mutual/Smart Business Magazine Pillar Award for Community Service tonight. A fabulous surprise was being presented our award by Michelle Campbell, with the #lebronjamesfamilyfoundation for our work on the Promise Project. Truly a privilege to be in excellent company with such an awesome group of philanthropic companies!, Revised dates offer EVEN MORE opportunities to see the Show!  Can we skip to the finale and then go back?  We want to watch Mariah and her family see their "new" home for the first time in the big reveal!, Even our youngest "employees" helped out on the PROMISE PROJECT! Families helping families! Watch episode 2 this Thursday at 9pm on HGTV's Nicole Curtis Rehab Addict!, Sign is going up in Fairlawn!, Aurora Inn, Aurora, Ohio Construction Update! Beautiful finish to the exterior and the bar! Final photos of the Banquet Hall to come soon! Stop by for a drink and a meal and check it out!, Behind the scenes, #LeBronJamesFamilyFoundation Promise Project 2014, First photo release of our awesome week spent with the #LeBronJamesFamilyFoundation on the Promise Project 2014., Great presentation Kent Jaycees at today's Kent Chamber of Commerce meeting!  We were proud to attend in support of our estimator/assistant project manager Marcel Clopton, Jaycees Vice President of Administration., Cafe O' Play - Construction Update!, The countdown begins!, Saturday along with Family and Community Services, Rebuilding Together, and nearly 100 volunteers, Metis served 25 Senior homeowners through Kent Senior Service Day by performing yard work and minor home repairs.  Special thanks also to Kline and Kavali Plumbing!, Supporting our girl, Katie Wright, Co-owner/VP Human Resources at her Rotary Club of Stow Munroe-Falls Reverse Raffle.  She spearheaded the silent auction and what awesome prizes from which to choose!, US Bank, progress photo, one month until completion., Aurora Inn progress photos, Metis held an employee appreciation party at Kent Lanes, thanks Jim Palmer!  Top notch location for all your bowling parties! Food, friends fun!, Finished the Millcreek Mall addition and Dress Barn build-out in Erie, PA.  We are now a multi-state commercial builder!, Today Julie Brandle, President and Co-Owner of Metis, had the honor of presenting Marquice Seward, of Kent Social Services, a check for just over $1,500 on behalf of the National Association of Women in Construction-Akron Chapter (of which she serves as Secretary).  Thinking of also helping KSS?  They are in need of canned soup, canned fruit and canned bean products (beans, baked beans, etc)., Thank you Gail Reuben Kerzner and the Greater Akron Chamber Relo Guide for helping us tell the Metis story.  Pages 17, 18 and 19 just in case the suspense is killing you!, TBT - One year ago we were getting ready to begin this project! Thank you #DollarGeneral for investing in Akron! This is the Waterloo Road location!, Renovations underway at Cafe o' Play in Stow! Located at 911 Graham Road, this former Lighthouse Pools location is undergoing a complete transformation into a coffee house and indoor play place.  Perfect location to take your children along for a meeting or hold a birthday party!, Demo kicks off today at the Aurora Inn, Aurora, OH.  Here are the BEFORE pictures. BAR, GATHERING ROOM, BANQUET HALL - getting a makeover!, We received some VERY exciting news yesterday!! Directly from the letter:
CONGRATULATIONS! Metis Construction has been selected by the judging panel as one of the 2014 Medical Mutual Pillar Award Honorees., Rebuilding Together Greater Cuyahoga Valley project with Phillips- 200 volunteers, 6 houses, making a difference one Cleveland city block at a time. Great way to spend a beautiful morning!, TBT-Metis Sponsored the Connie Dieken presentation on her book Become the Real Deal for The Greater Akron Chamber's KNOW Quarterly Luncheon.  Connie is pictured here with Metis Co-owners Julie Brandle, left and Katie Wright, right., null, If you are coming out to the Kent Music Fest tomorrow there will be band performances at 4, 6 and 8pm in our courtyard.  Please stop by for a visit and a drink! We'd love to see you!, Our most asked about project right now, so here's your photo update!, Buffalo Wild Wings moved back into its newly renovated Streetsboro location last Wednesday, after being closed for two weeks for an awesome facelift! Watch for some final pictures or better yet go on out and see for yourself!, BW, Streetsboro now has a private room for 45-50 people for your upcoming holiday parties, give Jeff a call and book today!, null, We have bricks at USBank!, null, null)