List(No April Fooling here, it's really Family Game Night at Dudley Dough! 5-8 this evening – we'll bring the games, you bring your appetite!

https://www.facebook.com/events/201006703611283/, null, NBI's #SmallBusiness legal workshop is this evening on the Bolling Building 6th floor – join us at 6:30!

RSVP here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/choice-of-legal-entities-contracts-ip-and-legal-counseling-tickets-22577162902

https://www.facebook.com/events/252168961782922/, This afternoon at 4, join the BRA's "PLAN Dudley Square" walking tour (bit.ly/WalkDudley), then join us afterward for discussion with Chuck Turner!, Our friends at Pie R Squared, the after-school tutoring program based at DD, were featured on WBZ – check out the story here!, null, Come to DD for a Super Tuesday watch party! We'll start coverage at 6; first polls close at 7. We'll stay open until 9! Politics and pizza, nothing better than that., Come on Tuesday March 2nd to watch the results of Super Tuesday. Don't forget to vote!, We'll be at Haley House Bakery Cafe tomorrow for #SouperBowl8 — 16 locally sourced soups to enjoy, including a Portuguese Fish Soup from our own Ileana & Carmine! See you there!, Come by at 6:30 this evening – we're hosting our second edition of Ask Chuck!, an unstructured community conversation with the great Chuck Turner., We're closed today (Monday) for staff training – perfect time to visit Haley House Bakery Cafe for all-day brunch!, Looking for Friday night plans? Why not come down to Dudley Dough – we're tapping fresh kegs of Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's Jack D'Or (saison) and Lord Hobo Brewing Co's Boom Sauce (IPA). Can't guarantee that it'll cure frostbite, but it's worth a try!, "We've got to face the fact that some people say you fight fire best with fire, but we say you put fire out best with water. We say you don't fight racism with racism. We're gonna fight racism with solidarity." – Fred Hampton #FoodForThought, "Overcoming poverty is not a gesture of charity. It is an act of justice." – Nelson Mandela #FoodForThought, "You can't have capitalism without racism." – Malcolm X, "Never forget that justice is what love looks like in public." – Cornel West #FoodForThought, "Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced." – James Baldwin #FoodForThought, "In a sane, civil, intelligent, and moral society, you don't blame poor people for being poor." – Andrew Young #FoodForThought, "The curse of poverty has no justification in our age." – Martin Luther King, Jr. #FoodForThought, "If there is no struggle there is no progress... Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will." – Frederick Douglass #FoodForThought, We're trying something new at Dudley Dough – each day, we'll post a quote with the hashtag #FoodForThought. Share the post on Facebook, show the cashier your phone, and take 15% off your entire order!

We'll kick it off with one of our very favorite quotes, from Roxbury's own Melnea Cass:
"I am convinced that my life belongs to the whole community, and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can, for the harder the work, the more I live."
#FoodForThought, Next Tuesday, our upstairs neighbors at the Roxbury Innovation Center are hosting the grand opening of the #FabLabRox – check it out! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/february-cafe-night-ric-fab-lab-roxbury-official-opening-tickets-20301336845, A short read on the challenge facing Dudley – how to achieve positive development without displacement., We're a month away from Souper Bowl 8 at Haley House Bakery Cafe! Yummy local soups, handcrafted bowls, fundraising for a good cause – it's one of the best events of the year. Get your tickets today: souperbowl8.brownpapertickets.com

And make it a real party by inviting your friends to our Facebook event page: https://www.facebook.com/events/1681073218827163/, Join us tonight at 6:30 for Ask Chuck!, a dialogue with local legend Chuck Turner: http://buff.ly/1T5JmuV, null, Last chance to apply for Haley House's Volunteer Coordinator & Development Assistant position! Don't miss out! http://buff.ly/1S1M6Zs, Dudley Dough is closed today in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. But if you're in the neighborhood, it's a great day to stop by Haley House Bakery Cafe for an all-day brunch!, A little Sunday homework – read the Globe's piece on gentrification in Dudley (featuring our very own Luther Pinckney)., Our parent nonprofit, Haley House, is looking for a new Volunteer Coordinator & Development Assistant – visit buff.ly/1SM6iiB to apply!, It's Saturday night, and we are OPEN! Bring the family for pizza, bring your friends for drinks... Whatever you do, bring a big appetite!, Happy Friday! Celebrating the end of a long week? Why not come unwind with some pizza and craft beer or wine?

This weekend, don't forget – we're open Saturday! 11 am to 7 pm, so stop by for lunch or dinner. (Or lunch AND dinner!), Now on tap: Pretty Things Jack D'Or, the best saison this side of Belgium. Pretty Things is closing down, so once it's gone, it's REALLY gone – get yours soon!, Check us out in the Globe's list of Boston's best new restaurants! 

https://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2016/01/06/boston-best-new-restaurants/iUKnLurIMnyImFoZC66F3M/story.html#comments, null, Big news: Dudley Dough is now open Saturdays! We'll be open 11-7, starting this Saturday, 1/9. Come by this weekend for pizza, beer, and more!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfxiHxJheuc, We're closed tonight & tomorrow to celebrate with our families. See you Monday! Merry Christmas!, He's making a list, checking it twice... Santa Claus is coming to Dudley! Bring the family to the Bolling Building this Saturday, 11-3!

(Note: Dudley Dough will be closed, but we will be providing hot apple cider.), It's all happening in Dudley this Thursday! Not one, not two, but THREE great events!

First off, from 5-7, it's the first-ever Second Thursdays #BlockParty! Join us for the Bolling Building Pub Crawl, and be sure to check out the other businesses: there's art & jazz from Future Boston Alliance, Discover Roxbury, and Dudley Square Main Streets, food & drink specials at Dudley Cafe, and wine specials at Castillo's.

From 5:30-7, Haley House Bakery Cafe is hosting their artists' reception for their annual Haiti PeaceQuilts exhibition, including the chance to pick up some fabulous Christmas presents: https://www.facebook.com/events/807455769400388/

Then, 6:30-8:30, Future Boston and SkyLab Boston are hosting #Roxtalk, with some great panelists: http://www.futureboston.com/about/our-pov/138821#.VmiIh4RBm-B, Roxbury Innovation Center's monthly Café Night is tonight, 3-8, in the Bolling Building! Stop by! https://www.facebook.com/events/1691463424400780/, It's the #24DaysOfCharity from Flutter, and Haley House is today's featured nonprofit! Support the great work they do with a $10 donation and you could win 2 tickets to anywhere JetBlue flies! 24daysofcharity.com, Big news: #DudleyDough now serves beer & wine! We have our license, and 2 of the 5 taps are flowing already, with Boom Sauce from Lord Hobo Brewing Co and Hoponius Union from Jack's Abby Brewing. Stay tuned for the other 3 beers, and come enjoy a drink with your pizza sometime soon!, Made it to the Globe today! Check us out in the Food section!, "It’s a mecca but we’re losing something. If Roxbury’s the Mecca there needs to be a mark.", Today's the day at Haley House Bakery Cafe – last chance to order their AMAZING Thanksgiving pies! Don't miss out!, Today's the day – a big HELLO to our neighbors in the Bolling Building, Final Touch With Class Boutique! Happy opening day!, #DudleyDough gift cards have arrived! Doing some early holiday shopping? Some VERY late 2014 holiday shopping? Or just want to treat yourself? The gift of pizza is ideal for any situation! Get one (or ten) today!, Do you follow us on Twitter? That's where we're posting our specials of the day! Spoiler alert: today, we've got BBQ chicken pizza, 3 cheese pizza with arugula walnut salad, and corn chowder. Give us a follow for daily updates!

https://twitter.com/DudleyDough, A taste of the Mediterranean for you today: Veggie Pizza with Chickpeas & Harissa! We've also extended our Jerk Chicken Pizza for another day, and we've got a vegan minestrone soup., We've got a Haley House favorite today – Jerk Chicken Pizza! We've also got our Three Cheese & Arugula Walnut Salad Pizza, and a Butternut Squash soup., It's a good day at Dudley Dough for all you veggie lovers! Two pizzas:
• Corn & Tomato with Salsa Verde
• Onion, Pepper, & Broccoli
And our soup of the day is Gazpacho!, We've got 2 specialty pizzas for you today: a flavor explosion with our Curried Chicken, and one for the vegetarians out there with our Cauliflower & Béchamel. Soup of the day is Vegetarian Chili., Happy Monday? Happy November? Happy Eastern Standard Time? Whatever you're celebrating, come on down to Dudley Dough! Today's pizza is our Three Cheese with Arugula Walnut Salad, and our soup of the day is a classic Tomato., null, ❄️ It's chilly out there! Come inside and warm up with today's hearty #pizzaoftheday: Meatloaf & Béchamel with corn and peas. Perk up your Monday with a dinner visit to #dudleydough!, You've heard about our pizza. But did you know that #dudleydough serves locally produced Toscanini's ice cream? Our specialty flavor right now is #Roxbury Puddingstone – chocolate-marshmallow ice cream with chocolate chunks and almonds. It is AMAZING. Try it today!, Our first day is in the books, and all we can say is THANK YOU to everyone who came out and supported us! Thank you for your enthusiasm for what we're doing here, for your patience as we work out some final kinks, and most of all, for your appetite! Please enjoy a few pictures from the day, and come back soon!

If you didn't make it today – don't worry, we'll be back tomorrow, and every weekday, from 7 am to 8 pm. Come experience Dudley Dough!, Find out more about us (and see some beautiful pictures!) with this great piece from Boston.com! And come visit today, because WE ARE OPEN!, At long last – we are OPEN!!! Come by and try our inaugural pizzas: Triple Cheese and Cauliflower & Béchamel. We're here 7 am-8 pm, Monday-Friday, and we're looking forward to serving you soon!, Some moments from Dudley Dough's grand opening – Thursday, October 22nd, 2015., Quiet night at Dudley Dough... But we're excited, because after months (years!) of preparation, we're 10 hours away from our grand opening. Dudley Dough opens its doors tomorrow, 7 am-8 pm. All guests are guaranteed the warm fuzzy feeling that comes from supporting a community business, as well as eternal bragging rights for being one of our first-ever customers. So stop by!, THREE MORE DAYS. We'll be open Monday-Friday, 7-8, so come on down starting this Thursday!, The calm before the storm... We're piloting our recipes to small groups this week to make sure everything's ready for our big debut. If all goes well, we'll announce the date in the next few days, so watch this space!, “A lot of people in the hospitality industry have two or three part-time jobs. They’re not trying to go out and buy a Ferrari, but they’re trying to have a livable wage and pay their bills. We want them to do that with one job, and still have time for their families and to be civically engaged in their communities.”

Check out this great article to learn more about why we're here. And get excited – we're opening THIS MONTH!, We're hard at work this week testing and perfecting our recipes. Can't wait to show you what we've been cooking up – keep your eyes, ears, and noses peeled for info about our opening!, Ingredients ahoy! October is finally here, and we'll be open before the month is out. Just a couple weeks of waiting left!, null, Hard at work here – just got our oven installed, and a lot more coming in today and tomorrow. Less than a month away now!, Checking out progress on the #DudleyDough mural – celebrating labor on a monumental scale. Thanks to our neighbor Gregg Bernstein and his team for all of their hard work!, A huge HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our friends at Haley House Bakery Cafe! 10 years of jerk chicken, chocolate chip cookies, and community – makes us proud to be a part of the Haley House family., Tarp is gone from the lobby windows... Come watch us build! And start saving your pizza money, we're about a month away from firing up the oven!, Neat piece about the Bolling Building in Architectural Record – soon to be Boston's finest place to eat pizza!

http://archrecord.construction.com/projects/Building_Types_Study/Office_Buildings/2015/1508-Bruce-C-Bolling-Municipal-Building-Boston-Mecanoo-and-Sasaki-Associates.asp?bts=OB, Hey, neighbors – looking for a job? We're looking for team members! Send your résumé to jobs@dudleydough.org to get involved., Curious about Dudley Dough? Check out this video to learn more about the philosophy behind our work, and read more at dudleydough.org!

Special thanks to the team behind this video: director Lev Omelchenko and producers SynonShop. You rock!

https://vimeo.com/134504250, Tonight! Join us for Future Boston Alliance's Potlucks & Politics, a conversation about restaurants, restoration, and race, featuring our very own Luther Pinckney!, New at #DudleyDough: an exhaust hood for our pizza oven. Nothing like a little restaurant-grade stainless steel to remind you that opening day is just around the corner!, Walls going up at #DudleyDough!, Congrats, Kathe! And special thanks to the Roxbury Rocks crowd for their excitement about Dudley Dough!, Today at #DudleyDough: a construction team meeting to iron out some final details. To the right, our future service counter; to the left, the booth for the Pie R Squared tutoring program. Making progress!, The man, the myth, the legend... Check out Future Boston Alliance's profile of our manager, Luther Pinckney!, The view from the front door - getting ourselves ready to welcome you soon., Check out our new logo – one more step towards opening! Looking forward to serving you soon!, Great piece on Dudley Dough in this month's Banner Biz – thanks, Bay State Banner! http://baystatebanner.com/news/2015/jul/02/haley-house-open-new-pizza-restaurant-dudley-dough/, http://boston.eater.com/2015/4/21/8463139/tasty-burger-haley-house-open-restored-dudley-square, The start of the Dudley Dough documentary!, A sneak peek at the art that will be featured at Dudley Dough!, An inside look into the start of construction at the soon-to-be Dudley Dough, Our parent organization, Haley House, is hosting a silent auction fundraiser this Saturday. Come by and check it out!, null, The intricacies of the art of pizza making, null, An inside look into the start of construction at the soon-to-be Dudley Dough)