List(Our 12-hour pork belly melts in your mouth...  
try our kakuni don, pork belly rice bowl., null, Thank you, we had a wonderful pop up event with Chef Moe last night!   We now are a big fan of Oisa Ramen., Oisa Ramen pop up is tonight!  Tickets are now sold out and we are so excited to have Chef Moe Kuroki in our kitchen!!, Snappy Sushi will be closed from 3pm to host a private event tonight.  We will be back from 11:30am tomorrow lunch!  

For those who purchased tickets for tonight's Oisa Ramen pop up event, we cant wait to see you there!!, Selling out very soon!  Oisa Ramen Pop Up at Snappy Sushi on Wed. Feb. 3.  Don't miss a chance to try Moe's Hakata style tonkotsu!!!  Go to Eventbrite for tickets and info., Oisa Ramen is coming to Snappy Sushi on Feb. 3.  Tickets will be available from tomorrow.  Hurry hurry, these tickets will go very quick....., It will end very soon.....  hope to see you with us!, We will be closed on Wednesday and Thursday, November 25th and 26th, for Thanksgiving holiday.  
We wish everyone happy Thanksgiving !!!, We will be close all day on Tuesday, Oct. 13th for hosting a private party.  We hope to see you again from Wednesday, Oct. 14th!, Just two more Thursdays with Alec and Justin.  Get your fix for sushi and great music tonight!, Alec brought us perfect weather and great music.  We are open until 10pm tonight!, Come out and enjoy the music by Alec and Jonathan tonight!, Great music tonight by Justin Nash Fisher of Justin Nash Fisher Music, and Alec Gaston of Chameleon Culture.  They will be with us chillin' until 8:30pm.  It's a beautiful night!, tonight's sample for Taste of Newbury Stroll is Tuna Tartar.  tickets are still available from Taste of Newbury Stroll website.  starting from 5:30pm until 7:30pm., That's our own Tom O'Brien singing at our patio Thursday night!  Join us next Thursday from 5:30pm for more great music.  We are one of the restaurants hosting Taste of Newbury Stroll and music on Thursdays this summer!, https://www.facebook.com/JapanFestivalBoston

Japan Festival Boston will be held at Boston Common (at Charles St. & Beacon St.) on Sunday, April 26, from 10 am to 5pm.  

Our sister restaurant, Snappy Ramen, will be serving her signature Veggie Ramen.  Limited quantity.  
Hope to see you there!, Our sister restaurant, Snappy Ramen, will be serving veggie ramen at Japan Festival Boston on Sunday 26th from 10am to 5pm.  Please come visit us at our booth!  Snappy Sushi will be open for business as usual from 11am to 9pm on April 26th., We are OPEN today, thanks to amazing snow removal jobs done in Back Bay.  THANK YOU for those who worked overnight to ensure our streets are accessible for all of us., Enjoying shopping on Newbury Street? 
Come in and warm up with our Spiced Wine...., Don't miss Mucho Manana's last performance tonight!  
Lots of jazz standards, salsa clasica, and Borelo...., Salsa clasica, Borelo, and Jazz standards with Mucho Manana tonight from 5:30pm., Music tonight from 5:30pm with Mucho Manana.  Perfect way to start your your long weekend...!, Live music with Mucho Manana tonight.  
A perfect weather for Latin jazz while sipping sake sangria...., cucumber jalapeno sake refresher, Live music tonight at the patio with Mucho Manana!, It's Thursday and a beautiful night!  Come join us for a jazz dinner at the patio with Mucho Manana., Try our summer cocktail specials !!

photo : Snappy's Bloody Mary with house infused cucumber jalapeno junmai sake, shichimi rim, Follow us on Twitter！, Join us at our patio with live music this summer!, WE ARE BOSTON STRONG ! 
Snappy Sushi wishes the best to this year's runners ! 
Everyone can run a mile, only WINNERS can run a marathon.  You INSPIRE us all., we have the perfect heart for you....
tuna tartar with avocado and crunchy tempura bits for your special Valentine, ♪Baby, it's cold outside....
Come in and warm up with our Spicy Lobster Paitan Ramen!  butter-steamed lobster tail, red hot miso, kimchee, shichimi togarashi....  yum!!, Have you tried our all new VEGGIE NIGIRI SUSHI?  We have burdock with shiso, beets with goat cheese, marinated red pepper, spicy moromiso corn, and much more!!, ... and our newest addition to Team Snappy, Mike, trying out our Veggie Ramen!, the newest addition to our ramen menu at Newbury St. location : Veggie Ramen, BLUEFIN TUNA just came in today!!, Check out our newest addition at Davis Square location : Spicy Miso Ramen, our newest addition at Davis Square location : Tonkotsu Ramen!, Weekend cocktail specials at Newbury location.  Enjoy the perfect summer night with these yummie drinks!, Sunday afternoon special : Mimosa
we have other sake cocktails for weekend specials..., null, Musical Thursday tonight at the patio.  already started.... come by!, come in for cool jazz dinner at the patio.  Tonight, featuring Mucho Manana with Berry!!, Musical Thursdays event starts this week!
Snappy Sushi is presenting Fly-Hi, soft jazz pieces at our patio from 5:30pm.  Don't miss it!!, Chef Francisco at Newbury Street League's "Marathon Patriot Gala" tonight. 
See you there!, Summer is almost there....  
Are you in Boston for the Memorial Day weekend?  
Come in and dry up (...and warm up?!) with our Ramen noodles!, null, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Are you ready for Year 2012? Come celebrate new year with us.  We will open til 1am on the 31st!  Happy New Year!, Fashion Night Out is TONIGHT! We will have Live Music by Kozuela Quintet in front of the restaurant. Come join us for dinner!, NECN TV Diner rated Snappy Sushi  "Gold Plate" !!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wWIMVRImwM, We now serve Beer, Wine and Sake!, Spring is here! Patio and Alcohol menu coming soon!, Our hearts go out to victims of Japan earthquake and tsunami. All cash donations from you at our Newbury location will go to GlobalGiving, a BBB accredited charity. 
http://www.globalgiving.org/projects/japan-earthquake-tsunami-relief/
, For you to get in touch of your loved ones in Japan, major telecom companies offer free wireless calls and texting. 
http://mashable.com/2011/03/14/att-free-calls-japan/#, Our thoughts and prayers go out to victims and families in Japan. 
http://www.google.com/crisisresponse/japanquake2011.html, Sunny weekend! Drop by and check out our new place! We open from 11am to 11pm Thursday to Saturday and 11am to 10pm Sunday to Wednesday. Can't wait to see you.  Have a wonderful weekend!, We are open to dinner TODAY! Come visit us at our new location on 108 Newbury Street.  Hope to see you all soon!, While our Newbury street location needs to jump through a few more hoops for our grand opening, our Davis Square location is open!  Snappy Sushi in Davis Square locates on 420 Highland Ave. Somerville, and opens from 1130am to 11pm Friday and Saturday, 1130am to 10pm Sunday to Thursday.  Enjoy the weather and have a wonderul weekend!, Hooray! We've been nominated as Boston's BEST SUSHI/SASHIMI LOW KEY RESTAURANT for the Phoenix’s annual BEST issue! Please spread the word and vote for us! http://thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/vote/restaurantsushisashimilowkey/, We are almost ready!  Just a few more days!  Hope to see you all very soon!, Happy Valentine's Day! Sad to tell you that we will not be ready for a Happy Valentine's Opening.  We miss you all so so much and hope to see you soon!, Because of phone company's mistake, our main phoneline is currently disconnected.  617-262-4530 is still our number and will be restored by this Thursday. We will be in touch soon!, Thanks to all of you who showed up at our last day of business at 144 Newbury street.  The move is on!  We are moving everything out on Sunday and Monday, and hopefully in a week or two, we will see you again at 108 Newbury street., Only 2 more days! 2 more days at current 144 Newbury Street location! Come in, enjoy your favorite rolls and say good-bye to this cozy little place with us!  We are moving to 108 Newbury Street, right on the corner of Newbury and Clarendon., Only 5 more days!  Snow or Shine, come in and go wild with our Tuna Gone Wild roll.  -Snappy Sushi Team, It's freezing cold outside.  A bowl of miso soup and our Boston Lobster roll will definitely warm you up! -Snappy Sushi Team, THE MOVE IS ON!
Saturday, Jan 29th, will be our last day at the current "Hole in the Wall" Newbury street location.  Come in, grab a bite and say goodbye to this cozy little place with us. :)  -from Snappy Sushi Team, We will be open today from 430pm. If you are in Back Bay area and craving for good sushi, come join us! :)  Davis Square location will be closed today due to snow.  Stay safe and warm!   -from Snappy Sushi Team, Happy Holidays! -from Snappy Sushi Team, "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them." -- John Fitzgerald Kennedy

Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!  
       -from Snappy Sushi Team, null)