List(These are just "some " pictures of historical food studies which I have been fascinated by at local historic sites around New England through months of studying. These are some of the questions I had for them and things I discovered through their kitchens, houses, drug stores, or etc. What was it like to live in that era.? What did people do to preserve their foods? how did they survive through harsh winter condition?, when and what did they start to cultivate ? What did farm animals consume? What did people  eat on daily basis and what were their discovery ? . #farmstead # ancientagriculture #fermentation #foodpreservation, null, null, Green Almond fermented Kim Chi Style.  2 Steps fermentations. Delicious, If you are looking for inspirations, pick up copy of Notes From A Kitchen . All these chefs have inspired me greatly, Preservation to the fullest #fermentation  garlic, ginger, turnip., I will teach a few fermentation classes Boston Center for Adult Education .  What a deal.  Feel the love in the cold winter air ??, Rose vinegar for next dinner is done. Taste amazing. This is a tribute to Ronny Emborg for allowing me to spend sometime in his kitchen Atera NYC last June.  Rose and lobster dish was inspiration., Creation / Hand Made / Key Ingredients :  I preserved Myer Lemon ( Black Myer Lemon ) . Delicious, floral, amazing taste and look.  Such a happy discovery.. A key ingredient to next pop up dinner. 

Another finished product : Fig Miso. Patience was the key. Happiness is the  result., I stopped foraging since Oct. Busy spring summer fall indeed. These are preserved for next dinners ---- soon. Then new foraging seasons are about to start. Time to gather more ingredients to prepare for next year dinners .  #Foodislove, Lightly cured and 80% pine/ 20% hickory smoked Geoduck clam, naturally carbonated Apple dashi, yuzu kosho (made with fermented Myer lemon skin ), preserved spruce tip (foraged last Spring), 10 days fermented broccoli . Delicious dish., Jeremy Ogusky's open house Ogusky Ceramics studio today. It was awesome collaboration with Matt of Pink Samurai and my Heritage Vinegar . Today I used Butternut Squash Vinegar, Pine Vinegar, Cider Vinegar to make a tasty shrub. Happy to see all Jeremy's works appreciated by clients. Matt's dumplings were delicious. His shop is opening this month in JP. Check them out., Picked various type of pine to make shrub ( pines, maple syrup, ginger, lemon, berries, raisin and cider vinegar for Boston Ferments work shop at Arum Restaurant in JP, Visit Mashantucket Pequot Museum yesterday. Learning about American Indian's using of heirloom grains, culivation of Maize,  foraging, and farmstead. Really cool learning experience and more inspired by the history., Found, Seed saving projects from the wild. This one is Peppergrass ( Wild Horseradish ). Historically, it was cultivated by the Incas., Fully loaded. Stocking ingredients for pop up dinner. Lots of projects. #ForagingNewEngland, Mid summer. My favorite sanctuary spot. A whole field full of wild thyme and so many bees #Savethebees, Evening Primrose ( first and second year plant ), Fall is here. Foraging season window is closing., 3 weeks ago seemed
like long time ago, Sleepless night = foraging cure., Join me. I will sit at the desk answering questions from 11-noon and bring my fermented pickle for pickle off ., Previous dessert I made inspired by Thai cuisine and foraging, Found some Rock Tripe. This guy will be used for one of the dinner, Getting ready for dinner at Tasting Counter tonight. Foraged for Chef Peter Unger. Took Brooke , Food & Beverage Program Director of Boston Center for Adult Education out to forage for 5 hours . Happy Brooke, Getting ready for dinner at Tasting Counter tonight. Foraged for Chef Peter Unger. Took Brooke , food & beverage program director of Boston Center for Adult Education out to forage for 5 hours . Happy Brooke, Evening primrose I found., Artist entrepreneurs meeting last night. A future collaborative dinner series (possibly), Fall is here :(   This week foraging., Spring / Summer preservation projects. More in work., These are parts of my Ancient Agriculture Practice and Study. Farmstead skills are what I have learned during my stay with Ojai farm/ Sloan family in Virginia in 2010.  Seed saving, preservation, fermentation, etc are now commonly incorporated into my daily life/tasks/activities. These will be a focal point of future dinners., null, Photo credit - Tatsu Ikeda. Plates and ceramic wares courtesy of Ogusky Ceramics

All Rights Reserved

https://facebook.com/tatsu, A year ago ( Aug 2014). I was flattered that Sam ( Monseur ) and Mark ( O'Leary ) let me helping at their pop up. It was a special dinner because my mentor ( Chef Michael Leviton ) and Matt Gaudet took part in. I have a great amount of respect for Jeff Pond, Daniel B of Labrasa, Louis of Tavern Road, Tony Susi, Mike Bergin who I worked under at Sel de la Terre 8 years ago.  I met great friends - Patrick G ( Bartender ), Patrick Mcguire, Vanessa Yip, Jenifer Yukimura, Blayne, Jessica, Avery Gordon ( Host of the event ), Tara Morris ( credited for all photos ). Since 2013, I helped a couple friends, Adam and Patrick, doing a few pop up as well as Mark O'leary. This dinner was killing two birds with one stone. I was inspired greatly to do my own thing per Mark's constant support as well as my chef mentors who were in this dinner.  Please check out those guys I mentioned. Greatly inspirational individuals., Canning night with friends. Lots of heirloom tomatoes (140 lb), peppers, herbs, and vegetables from Newton community garden. Thank you Dan. And another Dan for hosting. Jeremy of Ogusky Ceramics and Boston Ferments for having me. Chop chop chop for hours., A part of ongoing mushroom study., Tomorrow, I will teach dumpling and tiki drink class at Boston Center for Adult Education. Saw chef John Shields posted this video minutes ago. I may teach fermentation and foraging classes ( or Thai cooking ) in the near future if they approve ( hopefully ) http://bcae.org/index.cfm?method=ClassInfo.ClassInformation&int_class_id=13031&int_category_id=0&int_sub_category_id=0&int_catalog_id=0, This week, foraging., Foraging is a way of farmer's real life, a part of ancient agriculture practice. Human foraged for food prior to learning to collect the seeds & cultivate them.   

This has been one of my study and practice since I have lived with the Sloan family at their Ojai (organic) Farm in Ferrum, Franklin County, Virginia in 2010 where I learned to grow better food, eat better, preserve food, and protect our mother nature. Here are the pictures of food I go out once a week to collect for my growing pantry and future pop up dinners. Come along., Photo credits : Caroline Amichi took most of this picture with some from Vanessa, Avery, Jennifer, and Niki. Proper credit followed. We were busy. No time for pictures.It was a fun night to cook with these good and best friends of mine.They are true rising stars in Boston food scene., Pictures from farm dinner this past Sunday I went to help. Proud of this friend, Damian Evangelous., Last weekend pig roast. This weekend Lambstock at Border Spring lamb farm in Virginia ?? Decision decision decision, Writing and finishing up menus for next upcoming dinner series. One for a possible dinner with Dinner Lab.  One of the ingredients used for those dinners will be this fermented rose petals., Building layers of texture and flavor by adding cabbage in everyday for the past 6 days while adopting method of Nukasuke and add little touch of peppergrass everyday to build more depth of natural spice. Incredible taste #fermentation   My Heritage Vinegar works so well at initial stage too.  Sauerkrauting to the fullest.  Eat fermented food. Good for ya., Tomorrow, come join us. Moe, Mark, Jacky, Dan, and Chef Dan at La Brasa. It will be a fun dinner. Thank you Vanessa Yip  and Avery Gordon, (Mid Jun - July ) foraging, I have collaborated with Jeremy of Ogusky Ceramics  in the past dinners and will collaborate with Jeremy on upcoming dinners. Jeremy is also the owner of Boston Ferments and a founder  Boston Ferment Festival. An incredibly nice person as well. Check out his page  

https://www.facebook.com/OguskyCeramics, Found some pepper grass. Man's diet thousands of years before Inca cultivated it. Awesome find. This will be good use on raw dishes. Ideas run wild., I was cooking Guinea hog on Japanese Robata Grill with Chef Mike Ryan at  Riverstead back in late April. It was Chef Scott Anderson and Chef Mike' Ryan's dish., Some #Riverstead pictures from my phone. Right after last pop up dinner. 26 hours bus right from Boston., A year ago, I felt tremendous honored to be the opening team of Riverstead by chef John Shield. Exact a year later , I had been been very happy to witness the success of Riverstead and awaiting unfolded great news by Chef John Shield. There is nothing like helping opening Riverstead and be the last to leave. It was the fondest and special moments of my cooking career / life. I am proud to have met many talent chefs and great friends such as Chef Scott Anderson & Chef Mike Ryan of Element Restaurant ( will reopen in July), Chef Kevin Nashan of Sidney street Cafe and The Peacemaker ) , Neal Vera of  Field and Main (opening soon),  Ryan Santos of Please in Cincinati (Will open soon as well), Dave Deer, Eric Nelson, and Justin who was one of our customer at first dinner. I urged him to come back to stage with Chef John. And he came to all Riverstead til closing. That kid was surprised by the chefs telling him last minute to sit down and had probably the best meal of his life. Awesome to see him sitting in dining room in chef white smiling the whole meal.  I really can't wait to reunite with all of these folks in their respective kitchens one day. Please follow the exciting projects from these chefs.   There are more pictures of these under #Riverstead., A year ago, I felt tremendous honored to be the opening team of Riverstead by chef John Shield. A year later, I was flattered to witness the success of Riverstead and awaiting unfolded great news by Chef John Shield. There is nothing like helping opening Riverstead and be the last to leave. It was special moments of my cooking career. I am proud to have met many talent chefs and friends such as Scott Anderson & Mike Ryan of Element Restaurant, Kevin Nashan of Sidney street Cafe, Neal Vera of opening soon Field and Main, Dave Deers ( and your fancy outfit), Ryan Santos of Please, Eric Nelson, and Justin who was one of our customer at first dinner. I urged him to stage with Chef John. And he came to all Riverstead til closing. I can't wait to reunite with all of these folks in the kitchen one day., This morning and last week gathering (foraging) for next the upcoming dinner., null, Foraging in the wood. Angelica, wild onion for fermention, nettle, cat tail shoot, etc, Memorial day weekend, teach them young. Taking these two nuggets to walk around wood near by Larz Anderson Park to gather /forage for ingredients for next dinner. Mia and Micha were excited to eat raw cat tail shoot, wild mustard, wild garlic, dandelion flower, ground ivy, wood sorrel, etc. Mia loved wood sorrel and kept picking it and put in her mouth. These kids got into collecting bugs and worms for their study. They also learned about the evolution of ferns and stinging nettle. Moe Kuroki Mike Betts, null)