List(Sautéed spinach sun dried tomatoes and imported cheeses sprinkled on top!!! Now that's BREAKFAST, Remember "The Office"?  B.J. Novak lists us as one of the 5 things he misses about Boston!  Thanks, BJ!  We love it when you come and visit.
https://li.st/l/6TQvsyZVJ6rYw2EanlFZnn, Breakfast Time!!!!, Tea Time, Great cheeses for your holiday parties.., We will be open this Sunday 11-4, Wine tasting Today 1-3, Love this dish!!!, Simit sandwiches are ready now at Sevan Bakery. Kaser sandwich,Soujouk sandwich,Olive paste with tomatoes and cucumber sandwich, Feta , tomato, green pepper sandwich..., Simit Simit come and get your fresh Simit, Soujouk kasher toast now being served, null, Lunch time, Two great wines one from Spain the other from Italy, Fresh out of the oven Tahini Bread, null, Grilled eggplant with yogurt sauce and quinoa salad, null, Just in Ekmek Kadaifi  Doner shawarma and Burma Kadaifi with  pistachios, MULLET BOTTARGA      Cured mullet roe, Feta olive salad with herbs and olive oil, Just in jenereeg, null, null, NEW coffee set and tea cups, Nice light lunch, Thank you, Just in new line of The Evil Eyes from bracelets to key Chains and charms, Perfect combo for the snow Kazandibi,Kaymak,Simit and Honey can't beat it, Craft beer TIME!!!!, Follow us on Twitter:
https://twitter.com/SevanBakery, Here we go round the Mulberry Bush...

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/01/13/mulberries-grow-trees-not-bushes/UATjTYWQsWRVEDmEtCuEEM/story.html, Happy New Year to all our customers and friends. Thank you for making Sevan Bakery The 2014 Best Gourmet Market, West in Boston Magazine's Best of Boston poll! 

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/best-of-boston/2014/sevan-bakery/, Fresh tabouleh, Christmas at Sevan Bakery, Just baked karniyarik and Imambayildi, Great Wine !!!!, Chad we have your figs on the string, Just came in the new crop of dried figs, Check us out in the magazine Edible Boston, Breakfast is served spinach pies, Great for party's dried fruit and nut platter, Don't forget your wines for the holidays!!!! Plus we'll take 10% off a full case!!!!, Baklava time, null, Come in for cold beverages for Thursday Night  Football, Organic Apricots, Wrap up the day with some vegetarian grape leaves !!, Love that simit, Just in natural honeys and organic juices, We're open on Veterans Day!  Fresh baked goods & prepared foods are ready for your enjoyment!, Just in time for the holidays, you can now mix & match your favorite olives in our Olive Bar for $6.99 per pound!  Don't forget to try our new Whipped Feta Cheese!, The Olive Bar, Simit TIME!!!!!!, The making of SU-BOREG!!!, Back by popular demand Trimona Organic Bulgarian Yogurt, Imported cheeses, Cheese and Spinach & Cheese Rolls!!!, Kalamata olives, null, null, null, Thank you to all the people who voted for us as 2014's Best Gourmet Market - West in the Best of Boston Poll at Boston Magazine!  We thank you for your continued support!, Pick a hummus any hummus Regular Hummus, Spicy Hummus, Artichoke Hummus and Sun Dried Tomato Hummus.., Fresh Coconut Macaroons right out of the oven!!, Pomegranate time, Instead of a hotdog put a soujouk on the grill... Happy Memorial Day Weekend !, Simit, Kazandibi, Kaymak, Karniyarik, Nice, Spinach&Cheese, Fresh Mantee just out of the oven, Just in imported sour cherry (VISNE), Get your choreg for Orthodox Easter, Tahini Bread, Just in canerik, null, Wake up to a cup of Sevan blend tea from lake Sevan ., After (choreg), Before (choreg), French Feta, A platter for any occasion, null, April 27 @ 4 pm CH 2, we will be on Neighborhood Kitchens on April 27 @ 4pm channel 2. Also check out our picture on the giant digital screen on the WGBH building on top of the Mass Pike heading east., Breakfast time (mushroom pie with sautéed onions ), Just in Bulgarian organic yogurt, Step 4 and also the best step into your  BELLY!!, Step 3 out of the oven, Step 2 into the oven, Step 1, HOT spinach &cheese right out of the oven, Don't forget to order your Choreg for Easter, Getting your feta ready........... Come on down, We have the evil eye set who needs it, Nothing like pistachio baklava after a long day of shoveling, null, Thirsty Thursday at Sevan ...... Come in and get your pomegranate wine, Need my sweets (baklava), Nut of the day at Sevan Bakery, check us out on chronicle at 730 tonight, null, null, null)