List(It’s Uncle J. vs. Cassie in the final round of Survivor’s Remorse Laugh Bracket. Pick your favorite quote below and we’ll announce the winner next week., When someone believes you on April Fool's Day., It’s Round 2 of the Survivor’s Remorse Laugh Bracket. Comment with your favorite picks and we’ll post the final line-up next week., Survivor’s Remorse Laugh Bracket is back. Comment below with your first-round picks and we’ll announce the final 4 results next week., Trying to fit in with your Irish friends like..., Answer correctly for a chance at some swag. Hint: It's basically the most romantic place in the world., Tichina Arnold is live on Periscope from the Survivor's Remorse set. Watch now to see all the fun., Your Friday just got even better. Join us here tomorrow for a live stream with Tichina Arnold from set of Survivor's Remorse., Poker face game strong., There's nothing wrong with being thorough..., A day like today only comes around every four years. Happy Birthday Jessie T. Usher., Uncle J tested. Family approved., You go, Missy., Close, but no., Hint: It - and that punch - was COLD. Answer correctly for the chance at some swag., It's official. The Survivor's Remorse crew is back in action filming Season 3. You ready?, Big ups to Mike Epps on the NAACP Image Awards win! We hope you're celebrating Uncle Julius-style., Celebrate Black History Month and see which sports figures influenced some of your favorite Survivor's Remorse and Power actors. (S/O LeBron James), Give it up for Teyonah Parris on making BuzzFeed's "23 Women In Television You Need To Be Watching." Check it out!, Never change, Cassie., Have a question for the Survivor's Remorse cast? Post them below and stay tuned to see if yours gets answered., Ah, young love. Aren't they just the cutest?, Thanks for the visual, DeShauwn., History lessons aren't for everyone., Rule #314 in wooing a woman: show off your skills in the kitchen., It's not your typical first date. Reply for a chance to get swagged., We're toasting to an incredible 2016., We've got our New Year's Resolution. What's yours?, Time to give Executive Producer LeBron James a shoutout on his big day. Wishing you an incredible 2016., Time to kick back and catch up with the Calloways. Watch all of Season 2 now on STARZ, From our family to yours., Uncle J is good at explaining words in the national anthem., Guess which episode The Hollywood Reporter named as one of their TV Critics' Favorite Episodes of 2015? We’ll give you a hint: “You punched the money!”, The face you make when your family tries to stage an intervention for you., Do you remember which one it was? Reply for a chance to win some swag., We’ve got reason to celebrate. Survivor’s Remorse has been named 2015’s Best Cable/New Media TV Show by the African-American Film Critics Association., Gotta separate church and basketball., Big shout out to the Survivor’s Remorse cast and crew for their much-deserved NAACP Image Awards nominations., These two... can they get any more precious?, We just can't even with these two., Stuff is nice, but family is what's most important. Happy Thanksgiving from Survivor's Remorse., Keep getting your Calloway fix with a copy of Season 2, available on iTunes now., Let's give Mike Epps some love on his big day and for crushing the national anthem that one time on Survivor's Remorse., This photo tho., So much swag., Uncle J's got some ice cream and you don't have none., Your face when there is no new episode on tonight., To the man whose writing and hat game are always on fleek., When you got it bad., Choosing family over money. That's a Game Ball in our book., Cassie tries to keep M-Chuck's mouth in check. Key word there is "tries.", You know he just playin, right?, The season finale was all sorts of fun to film., She needed a new car, so why not a fully loaded Escalade?, Entertainment Weekly talks through the end of a "stellar" season of Survivor's Remorse in its finale recap., Write it down, ladies and gentlemen: Survivor's Remorse returns in 2016., Spend some QT with the Vaughns and watch the Survivor's Remorse season finale on STARZ Play now., null, And that's a wrap. See you for Season 3., Just your average Saturday night and then BAM., The moment you've been waiting for is here. The season finale starts NOW., What's the name of the podcast Cassie and Julius want to start?, Finish Cassie's line., Finish Cassie's line., Everyone grab a seat. #CallowaySaturday starts NOW., As if you needed more reasons to watch the season finale tonight, here's a special message from Teyonah Parris., WTF - DeShauwn is back. This is going to be interesting., Get your #CallowaySaturday on, starting at 3:30p ET/PT with back-to-back episodes., That time M-Chuck went HAM on Cam., Looks like the Calloways have similar taste in women., HPV stands for Happy Perfect Vag, right?, The bad news: it's already the season finale of Survivor's Remorse. The good news: it's a hell of an episode., No pressure or anything, Reg., That morning things got FUNKY., That's why they call it "guts.", That time when Cassie got her pocketbook tweaked., Jupiter Blackmon: IQ test extraordinaire., Executive Producer LeBron James had a ball filming his cameo on Survivor's Remorse. Check it out., The plantation trip. Nuff said. 😭, That's when things head to the next level., There was just one thing missing in the latest episode for Entertainment Weekly: the Aggro Crag. Find out why in their recap., Honesty is the best policy., ICYMI LeBron James brought his A game on Survivor's Remorse last night. Catch up now on STARZ Play., Hands up if you're watching a new episode with LeBron James NOW., ATTENTION: A new episode of Survivor's Remorse is on TONIGHT., Look who is going to be on Survivor's Remorse tomorrow night., There's something Jupiter and Uncle J like to take before IQ tests. Why are we not surprised., This week on Survivor's Remorse: a special guest appearance from none other than LeBron James himself., Remember who brought you into this world., At least the dancing was free., Meet your dream girl. Get rejected. Ask for her number. Get rejected again. Finally get her number. Plan the date. She cancels. But you stay persistent. She comes after all. You get the Game Ball., Entertainment Weekly can spot Camson's chemistry from a mile away. Read their full recap of Saturday's episode., Yeah, he went there., Camson's first date was just as fun behind the scenes., This is what happens when Uncle J gets the house to himself., Some important family business went down in the kitchen last night. Check it out on STARZ Play., Reggie Vaughn - cousin, manager, financial planner and now dating coach. Check him out NOW on a new episode of Survivor's Remorse., It's a date. A new episode begins TONIGHT., Uncle J has the place to himself this week so things might get weird., Babysitting Jupiter and visiting an injured Cam = lots of flights between Denver and Atlanta., Lessons on bullshitting from Cassie., Gotta have coverage for the ramparts., Breaking the rules deserves a Game Ball., Allison is going to make Cam work for it, and Entertainment Weekly likes that., Check out the behind the scenes prep for singing the national anthem., New bae?, Uncle Julius busted out the jams last night. Check it out on STARZ Play., Sing it at the top of your lungs: a new episode of Survivor's Remorse begins NOW., Family goals., It was so good, he might save the video for his personal archive., Reggie's advice is almost always on point. Except for that time when he said..., The family that dances together, stays together., Cam's at the hospital and the Calloways are singing the national anthem. At least one of these situations won't end well., When you've got mad game, you get a Game Ball., A small price to pay to impress the queen of his fantasies., Cassie just wants to be a grandma, that's all., Entertainment Weekly heard Reggie loud and clear: don't shit where you eat., It's an all-access pass to the locker room and Bao's party in this behind the scenes look at Survivor's Remorse., Anyone want to explain what HPV is to Cam?, The Vaughns are here to keep your Sunday classy. See them in a new episode on STARZ Play NOW., Sit back, relax, maybe lose the shirt. A new episode of Survivor's Remorse begins NOW., Watching a new episode is even better when you can tweet with Erica Ash. Do just that tonight: http://bit.ly/SRTweet, The party don't start until the Calloways have arrived., Missy is cool with trips to the strip club, just don't bring the stank to bed., The Calloways discuss how they can get Cassie some grandkids and it's harder than it sounds., Reggie's got more shenanigans he's got to deal with this week. But what else is new?, It's simple math, people., Going to the strip club with DeShauwn is expensive., Getting a pregnant 12-year old out of the jolly jump calls for a Game Ball., Here's to many more for Teyonah Parris and a whole lot more of Missy in our lives., There's always time for a quick selfie behind the scenes on Survivor's Remorse., No time for anything else., How hilarious was this guy?, Reggie is starting an empire. See how on last night's episode., Time to ball. A new episode of Survivor's Remorse begins NOW., She's just as hilarious on Twitter as she is on screen. Join Erica Ash tonight as she live tweets the new episode. http://bit.ly/SRTweet, Big shoutout to Erica Ash, the incredible woman who brings you M-Chuck. You've been on fire this season., Just when you thought Survivor's Remorse couldn't get any funnier, we're introducing you to DeShauwn and Jupiter tonight., Allen Maldenado is coming to Survivor's Remorse tomorrow. Check out what he had to say about his character DeShauwn., Reggie is dropping some straight wisdom., You heard the man., Reggie meets another manager and let's just say he's nothing like Reggie., Reggie doesn't buy whiskey often, but when he does, it's aged 21 years., Cassie's hip to modern technology., Reggie Vaughn: making the certifiably impossible possible., The ladies of Survivor's Remorse had quite the trip to the plantation. Check out their visit and more behind the scenes., Entertainment Weekly talks about the multiple “oh yes, they went there” moments on Survivor’s Remorse this week., Don't see that everyday on the tour., Heading back home brought everything back for Cam and Reggie. See why on Survivor's Remorse., It's a field trip like you wouldn't believe. See it NOW on Survivor's Remorse., Keep it moving, Mr. Rogers. Uncle Julius ain't about to have dog shit on his driveway., Cam and Reggie are making an entrance tonight. Grab a seat., Cam's a grown-ass man. Except for the fact he still needs his lucky shorts., Next on Survivor's Remorse: awkward interviews and plantation visits., Looking REALLY good, Cassie., Erica Ash tells BuzzFeed she loves bacon, the 80s and puppies. We knew we liked her., Uncle Julius has his sources., Cassie keeps it classy., Entertainment Weekly can’t believe they wrote “vaginal rejuvenation” in an article. Recapping Survivor’s Remorse will make you do that., It's all fun and laughs behind the scenes of Survivor's Remorse., Cassie had lots of reasons to smile this week., Settle in for a triple dose of Survivor's Remorse. Get caught up on Season 2 now on STARZ., Calloway Castle could use some thicker walls., Reggie played a board game called "Mermaid Island" last night. No joke., Head immediately to the couch nearest you. A new episode of Survivor's Remorse begins NOW., The ladies of Survivor’s Remorse are live tweeting the new episode tonight. Head over to Twitter to join the conversation. http://bit.ly/SRTweet, The face you make when you realize there's a new episode tonight., Money can buy a lot of things, but a filter is not one of them., M-Chuck and Uncle J aren't the only ones who got game., Gotta protect the money., It’s official – Survivor’s Remorse is coming your way for a third season., This week's Game Ball goes to Uncle J for helping prevent future soda-related injuries., The apology = priceless. 
The lawyer = not so much., Take it from Uncle J - got to nip that bud early., null, Ever feel guilty for laughing at Survivor’s Remorse? Entertainment Weekly can relate., The cast of Survivor's Remorse gathers around the table to talk Season 2. Take a look., Well, that escalated real quick., Cam made the news again, and it's not basketball-related. See the mess he's in on STARZ Play., It's all going down tonight. Survivor's Remorse begins NOW., We're looking at you, Survivor's Remorse fans. A new episode is headed your way at 9:30p ET/PT on STARZ., Cam, if you're going to call yourself a grown-ass man, better know how many words it is., There's only one Uncle Julius, but that doesn't mean the rest of the cast can't impersonate him. Watch and see them try., Game Ball for the Survivor's Remorse premiere goes to Missy. She definitely had the most balls., Shout out to RonReaco Lee on his big day. Who else can’t wait to see more of Reggie this season on Survivor’s Remorse?, Things get a little out of hand on Saturday's new episode. Check it out., Uncle J was just trying to prevent Lyme's disease when he bought that pistol., There are too many quotes from Entertainment Weekly’s recap of the Season 2 premiere to post just one. If you missed the show that critics are raving about, take a look., Not to brag, but Season 2 is certified FRESH at 100% on Rotten Tomatoes. Alright, maybe we’re bragging a little., It was the chop heard round the world. Teyonah Parris talks about Missy's new natural hair and how she's "glad we're exploring it.", Leave it to Uncle Julius., BuzzFeed asks Tichina Arnold for some motherly advice and she delivers., Yeah, that just happened., No garden gnome is safe when you're with the Calloways. Watch last night's episode on STARZ Play and see why., null, Let's roll. Season 2 begins NOW., Season 2 is starting off with a BANG tonight., The San Francisco Chronicle calls Survivor's Remorse “one of the best-written shows on TV.” Read their review before Season 2 starts tonight., null, Jessie T. Usher is here to give you a final pep talk before the season starts tonight. Be there at 9:30 ET/PT., The Calloways are baaaaaaacccccccckkkkkk. Season 2 begins TONIGHT at 9:30 ET / PT only on STARZ., The Survivor's Remorse cast and crew rocked the red carpet last night. Check out the album and see for yourself., Cam prefers to keep church and basketball separate., Head over to Twitter tomorrow night to live tweet with the cast for the Season 2 premiere! http://bit.ly/SRTweet, Real talk from Mike Epps getting you ready for Season 2 TOMORROW., Erica Ash and Teyonah Parris are live-streaming the Survivor’s Remorse premiere party tonight! Join them on Periscope or head to our Twitter to follow all of the action. http://bit.ly/SRTweet, Gather round, ladies and gentlemen. Season 2 is almost here., The Season 2 premiere on Saturday got us like…, Cam and Reggie are making things happen this season., The cast spills the beans on if they've dated two people at once, started giggling on set or freestyle rapped in a hilarious game of "Never Have I Ever.", You won’t believe what Uncle Julius is up to this season., Erica Ash is here to remind you: only ONE WEEK until Survivor's Remorse is back!, Check it out -  Tichina Arnold wants you to binge Survivor's Remorse Season 1 for FREE. starz.tv/Season1SR, Get warmed up for the Survivors Remorse Season 2 premiere next Saturday. Binge Season 1 for FREE., That moment when Reggie and Cam decided they wanted to one day be "old money.", That time Cassie shared a little too much about her parenting techniques., Probably not the best idea to go to church high, but Uncle Julius did that., Only Cassie could turn a public apology into $100K. The woman was BORN a hustler., Survivor's Remorse is all about family, whether the camera is rolling or not. Watch now for a behind-the-scenes look at the cast and crew., M-Chuck is short for Mary Charles, but there was that time she did chuck a Bible at a preacher., There's crazy uncles, then there's Uncle Julius., Missy has it all: brains, beauty and the balls to hang with her in-laws., Cassie is unlike any mom you know. She'll tell it to you straight, sideways and upside down., Shoutout to all the crazy uncles just like our man Julius. Life wouldn't be nearly as fun without you., Reggie's official job title is Cam's manager, but it really ought to be "visionary / trouble-shooter / babysitter.", Where would Cam be without Reggie? Probably broke. Here's to all the cousins out there who keep us in check., null, His main job is playing hoop. His side job is to keep his family living large., null, Just 1 month and the Calloways will be back in your life. They're even ballsier than you remember., The Calloways are coming at you, and they’ve got a lot of balls., Just Mike Epps being Mike Epps on the set of Season 2., This is how you clean up, ladies and gentlemen., Jessie T. Usher and Erica Ash with their game faces on., Make sure you're all caught up with the Calloways before the new season on August 22. Watch Season 1 of Survivor's Remorse on STARZ Play or On Demand anytime., Seemed like an appropriate day to congratulate Jessie T. Usher on his role in Independence Day 2! Coming 2016., Apparently today is International Joke Day, but we're a little confused because we thought that was everyday., Join us in wishing a Happy Birthday to the lovely Tichina Arnold., Warning: shoes might fall apart after a leisurely jog and rubbing one out., It’s official - Executive Producer LeBron James is going to guest star in Season 2 of Survivor’s Remorse. Who’s as pumped as we are?, We're all smiles and you should be too. Season 2 of Survivor's Remorse is only two months away., PARADE Magazine knows what's up - they call Survivor's Remorse "one of the year's best new TV series." Click to see their exclusive clip from the Season 1 DVD set., Hard to tell what Uncle Julius would like more: juice boxes or Season 1 on DVD. Own it today: http://amzn.to/1Qp2lBl, If M-Chuck was sprawled out like that on your couch, you'd be cracking up too., Best not to challenge Uncle Julius in video games., You ever been to an ice cream shop and seen those little bitty mini-spoons?, What's in store for Season 2? Jessie T. Usher puts it this way: "What's NOT in store for Season 2?" More shenanigans are coming your way August 22., We'll shout Happy Pride Month from the top of our lungs., The face you make when it's moving day and your new address is a posh Atlanta home., null, Family get together, Calloway-style., Some advice from Cam on Be A Millionaire Day., The face you make when you're trying to listen to the sermon but your brother is high and giggling., New season, same old Calloways. Survivor's Remorse returns to STARZ on August 22., To all of the amazing women just like Cassie., #TBT to the Survivor's Remorse red carpet in honor of LeBron James' playoff roll. Keep doing your thing, King James., Cassie would fit right in at the Kentucky Derby with that hat game., Here's to a relaxing weekend., We all know what Uncle Julius is doing today. #420, Survivor’s Remorse Season 2 production is underway. Get ready for more laughs and more trouble this summer on STARZ., Cam doesn't like Tax Day either., Tell your brother or sister how much you love them today., "Those are some well-made shoes!" - Said No One Ever., Cam is going to sign that deal with Nike., Here's your winner of the Survivor's Remorse laugh bracket. Was there ever any doubt?, Survivor’s Remorse returns THIS SUMMER on STARZ. Balls included., It's an epic Cam and Reggie showdown. Make your pick for the winning quote in the Survivor's Remorse laugh bracket in the comments., The view is always better from the top., The tournament continues. Make your second round picks in the comments and we'll reveal the finalists soon., Catch a screening of two Survivor’s Remorse episodes plus a Q&A session with the cast at the Atlanta Film Festival this Saturday, March 21 at 5:15pm. RSVP for this free event here: http://bit.ly/1GMnLip, There might be a big basketball tournament right around the corner, but if you ask us, the Survivor's Remorse laugh bracket is the only one that matters. Tell us your first round picks in the comments and we'll reveal who advanced to the second round next week., On this day in 1862, the first paper money was printed by the U.S. government. All we can say is keep it coming., We honor the fabulous women of Survivor's Remorse this International Women's Day., Join us in wishing Jessie T. Usher a happy birthday., Caption this photo in the comments.
 
Reggie: "______" 
Cam:     "______", From the Vaughns, with love., A nice, quiet Sunday? Not exactly., From our family to yours. Let's continue to make history., Reggie's H-O-R-S-E shot is a skyhook with a leg touching the garage. What's yours?, Be sure to give your family a hug today. #SurvivorsRemorse, "Hurricane Adina's back in town." Do you think Cam should have given Adina a chance?, #TBT to when M-Chuck made us all second guess our use of the smiley face emoticon., That face you make when the pie is damn good., This wasn’t exactly the list Cam was expecting when we tried to grant a sick kid’s wish., We’re sending a big Happy Birthday shout-out to our Survivor's Remorse Executive Producer, LeBron James., Bring home the Calloways for the holidays. Get the entire first season on DVD., You can always count on Uncle Julius to keep it honest…maybe a little too honest., The entire first season of Survivor's Remorse is officially available on digital, get it on iTunes now:, #TBT to the first of many disagreements between Cam and Reggie. Uncle J summed it up perfectly., “Kid’s ain’t allowed to be racist anymore either, Cam.” Is Reggie right, when it comes to public figures?, Cam isn’t the only player in the Calloway family. Who do you think had better luck with the ladies this season: Uncle Julius or M-Chuck?, Reggie has come a long way since the old neighborhood but he still has a lot to learn., Check out the props, producers, and planes that made the first season of Survivor's Remorse possible, in these behind-the-scenes shots., null, Take the Calloways home for the holidays. Pre-order the entire first season of Survivor's Remorse now:, On this #MoneyMonday, tell us: after working hard, where in the world would you like to play hard?, The Calloways just can't keep it together in their final days of filming. Check out the cast in these candid moments from the set of Survivor's Remorse., null, Congratulations to Survivor's Remorse Executive Producer LeBron James for making the Ebony Power 100 list., Survivor's Remorse just broke 150,000 Likes! We thank you all for being honorary members of Cam's Fam, and we'll see you next season., Laugh it up with the Calloways and pre-order the first season of Survivor's Remorse on iTunes now., We're wishing a happy birthday to Mike Epps, everyone's favorite uncle on Survivor's Remorse., Wealth allows you to delegate life's everyday tasks. Which of these are you willing to part with? #MoneyMonday, Everyone tried to cheer up little Johnny, but only M-Chuck succeeded. Just before he face-planted into the pasta., A woman almost drove Cam and Reggie apart on the Survivor's Remorse season finale. Do you think they'll be able to stick together through the drama that comes with fame?, Survivor's Remorse fan Loletia asked, "Why men cheat?" Here's #WWUJD., Struggling with personal problems? Or maybe the finale of Survivor's Remorse left you feeling some type of way. Tell Uncle Julius what's on your mind, right here, and you might find out #WWUJD., Catch a glimpse at the production of Survivor's Remorse in these behind-the-scenes shots from set., null, Reggie was born an entrepreneur, and he won't be swayed from seeing Cam's brand all the way to the top., Cam ran defense to protect Reggie from temptation on the season finale of Survivor's Remorse. Would you have done the same, or let him learn from his own mistakes?, Celebrities must carefully consider the brands they choose to represent. What kind of product would be the right fit for you? #MoneyMonday, Cam entertained an offer from a foreign company over an iconic multinational corporation. Would you consider signing a deal with an unknown brand?, The show may be over for now, but Survivor's Remorse is coming back with 10 episodes next season. The Calloways return in 2015 with more laughs, more drama, and more money., Have your very own Calloway family reunion with the entire first season of Survivor's Remorse on STARZ Play and STARZ On Demand. http://starzplay.com/Originals, The other Ms. Calloway was wicked in the kitchen. Answer the question about her baking correctly and you could win some Survivor's Remorse swag., The entire Calloway family tried different ways to cheer up a little boy embittered by his illness. Missy tried to help, in her own way. Guess correctly, and you could win some Survivor's Remorse swag., Do you remember how Cam described his feelings of guilt? Fill in the blank, and you could win some Survivor's Remorse swag., Tonight's the season FINALE, and we're kicking it off with a Survivor's Remorse marathon. Watch every episode from the first to the last, starting right now on STARZ., Mike Epps is taking over the Survivor's Remorse handle on Twitter for tonight's marathon. See what Mike has to say about this season and re-watch your favorite episodes., The season FINALE episode of Survivor's Remorse airs tonight. Set yourself a reminder with Peel to turn it to STARZ tonight at 9P ET/PT., Did you miss a moment of Survivor's Remorse? Relive your favorite Calloway family moments before tonight's FINALE. Marathon starts at 6:15P ET/PT on STARZ., A woman from Reggie's past makes an appearance, but Uncle J ain't having it. Watch an exclusive scene from the season FINALE of Survivor's Remorse now:, Survivor's Remorse fan Damian said, "I got a homie who smiles in my face but talks behind my back." Here's #WWUJD:, Tomorrow night Mike Epps takes over our Survivor's Remorse Twitter handle during the marathon. It all goes down at 6:15P ET here: http://twitter.com/SRemorse_STARZ, The entire season leads to a big proposition for Cam. Re-watch all of your favorite episodes of Survivor's Remorse during the marathon tomorrow at 6:15P ET/PT and the FINALE at 9P ET/PT., This doesn't look good. What's on Reggie's mind right now? Caption this moment from the season FINALE of Survivor's Remorse, and you could win some swag courtesy of STARZ., Uncle Julius knows weed and women. His experience with the latter will be essential this Saturday on the Survivor's Remorse season FINALE, at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Uncle Julius is getting ready to light it up, just in a different way than usual. Check him out and the rest of the Calloways this Saturday in the marathon at 6:15P ET/PT and the season FINALE of Survivor's Remorse at 9P ET/PT., The stakes are higher than ever for Cam's brand as Survivor's Remorse comes to a close this Saturday. Watch the marathon at 6:15P ET/PT followed by the season FINALE at 9P ET/PT on STARZ. Check out the preview now:, Big job interview coming up? Or maybe your relationship just got "complicated." Uncle Julius has an answer for everything. Tell us what's on your mind, and he might tell you #WWUJD., The cast of Survivor's Remorse tease each other like family when the show's cameras are off. Check out Tichina Arnold and Erica Ash in this behind-the-scenes moment:, The ABA is long gone, but its influence on the game is unmistakable. Learn more about the history of the sport right here, from Survivor's Remorse., Don't get between Uncle J and his juice pouch., An old friend from the past came to Atlanta looking for a hand up but he walked away with a handout. Would you try to help a friend from the old days, or send him packing?, Money turns dream destinations into permanent residences. Which of these places would you most like to call home? #MoneyMondays, Cassie judged a book by its cover last night on Survivor's Remorse. What about you? Did you suspect the two women had more in common than met the eye?, Get all caught up on Survivor's Remorse before next week's season FINALE. Every chapter of Cam's unfolding story is available right now at STARZ Play., null, You know that one person in your group who instinctively triggers your stank face? Reggie's person makes an appearance tonight., Cassie and M-Chuck set their sights on the perfect new home tonight at 9P ET/PT on STARZ. Use Peel now to set yourself a reminder to watch., The Calloways are ready to live in luxury on tonight's Survivor's Remorse. Turn it to STARZ at 9P ET/PT., Happy Birthday to our Executive Producer Mike O’Malley!, A multi-million dollar deal with one of the world's leading athletic companies gets Cam a little excited in this exclusive scene from the next episode of Survivor's Remorse., Survivor's Remorse fan Angel wants to know 'where should I start?' Here's #WWUJD:, Cassie finds the home of her dreams on the next Survivor's Remorse, but it comes with an unimaginable legacy. She and M-Chuck will both be shocked by the truth tomorrow night at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., What do you think Cam and Reggie are looking at? Caption this photo, and you could win some Survivor's Remorse swag., Cam may be the athlete, but Reggie plays hard ball. His negotiating skills will be tested this Saturday at 9P ET/PT., Cam is grateful for his fame, fortune and fans. On this week’s new episode he’d like to show this fan just how grateful he is., Cam and Reggie figure out what to do with a friend-turned-felon, while Cassie and M-Chuck house shop. Take a look at Saturday’s all new episode of Survivor's Remorse., Relationships growing apart? Bank account looking low? Whether it's love, money or both, Uncle Julius has the answer. Reply with your questions, and you might find out #WWUJD., The sport of basketball actually owes a lot to your neighborhood YMCA. Learn more about the history of the game right here, from Survivor's Remorse., Broadcasting great Ernie Johnson managed to "survive" his first acting experience on the set of Survivor's Remorse. Hear about his experience with the cast, from the man himself:, Let’s face it, Uncle Julius would have stood up for anything., Something about the word “exclusive” has a way of piquing a person’s interest. Which of these would pique yours?, Be honest: do you know someone who would spark one up before church?, Reggie blew his chance at joining the country club last night on Survivor's Remorse. Do you think he should have behaved differently?, Put your feet up: it's time to catch up on the Survivor's Remorse moments you missed on STARZ Play: http://starzplay.com/Originals, Do you think Cam and Reggie know enough about the corporate world to make the big deals, or do you think they'll be taken for a ride on tonight's Survivor's Remorse?, You can just see an inappropriate thought brewing in Uncle Julius's head. Find out what he's got to say tonight at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Sometimes mom just has to give you that look, and you know it's time to act right. Cassie takes the family to church tonight at 9P ET/PT on Survivor's Remorse. Set yourself a reminder to watch with Peel: http://peel.in/SurvivorsRemorse, It's halftime: watch the first three episodes of Survivor's Remorse again tonight at 9P ET/PT on STARZ before tomorrow's all-new episode., Missy wants to join a prestigious country club, but Reggie might have ruined their chances. Watch the aftermath in this exclusive clip from Saturday's all-new episode of Survivor's Remorse., Missy and Reggie may come from opposite ends of society, but they think with one mind when it comes to getting ahead., Cassie brought the whole family to church...with mixed results. Caption this image and tell us what you think is happening in this scene for a chance to win some Survivor's Remorse swag., See for yourself why The New York Times is calling Survivor's Remorse "Wickedly Irreverent" on tomorrow night’s three-episode marathon. The action starts at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Reggie and Missy schmooze at the country club on the next Survivor's Remorse. But will Reggie be able to walk with the wealthy? See how the family fits in among Atlanta's high class, Saturday at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., The one and only Mike Epps is headed to Jimmy Kimmel Live to talk Survivor's Remorse. Turn it to ABC tonight at 11:35P ET/PT., Having trouble getting a date? Problems at work? Ask your question here and see if your favorite uncle has some advice to offer up. #WWUJD, Cam's considering signing sponsorship papers...and Uncle Julius is rolling papers on the next Survivor's Remorse. Watch a preview now:, You would never see a solid rebound if it weren't for the rowdy spectators in the early days of basketball. Learn more about the history of basketball right here, from Survivor's Remorse., M-Chuck is always ready for anything, but Erica Ash just can't hold a straight face at the funeral. Watch this hilarious behind-the-scenes moment from Survivor's Remorse now., It looks like Reggie got a lot more than he bargained for when he roped Cam into granting this kid’s wish., Reggie arranged the quick visit to the hospital, but ended up obligating the family to a whole lot more. Would you have done the same?, You are the company you keep. Who would you trust to help build your empire?, The Calloways brought joy to a terminally ill child last night on Survivor's Remorse. What did you think of M-Chuck's... resourcefulness?, Missed the blackmail at gunpoint? Or maybe you just have to hear that line from Mike Epps one more time. Catch every moment of Survivor's Remorse with STARZ Play., Cam's family is determined to help a sick child tonight on Survivor's Remorse. How far would you go fulfill a dying boy's last wish?, The Calloways are dealing with life and death tonight on Survivor's Remorse. Tune in to STARZ tonight at 9P ET/PT., An all-new Survivor's Remorse starts tonight at 9P ET/PT on STARZ. Beat the buzzer by setting a reminder to watch with Peel., M-Chuck is relentless at chasing the ladies, but when it comes to protecting her family, she runs defense like nobody else., Survivor's Remorse fan Phil asked, "Halloween is next week and it's the worst. How do you keep trick-or-treaters from bothering you?" Here's what #WWUJD:, Cam's forced to pay a hospital visit to a sick kid and Reggie's mind is on other things in this preview from the next Survivor's Remorse., The critics are team Survivor's Remorse. We’re scoring 93% Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes. See for yourself this Saturday with an all-new episode at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Think Uncle Julius is gonna get lucky again? Find out on an all-new Survivor's Remorse, tomorrow night at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Caption This: Tell us what M-Chuck and Reggie are thinking in this picture and you could score some Survivor's Remorse swag., Cam brings tears to his mother's eyes on the next episode of Survivor's Remorse. See what gets Cassie crying this Saturday at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Tichina Arnold is on KTLA 5 News this morning at 9A. Meet the woman who plays the Calloway matriarch, and get all the details about Survivor's Remorse., Something troubling you? Uncle Julius has an answer for everything. Ask him your questions here, and you might find out #WWUJD., On the next episode of Survivor's Remorse, Cam learns that the pro life isn't just about making money...it's about making a difference. Watch this preview of the next episode now., Cam and M-Chuck play like brother and sister even when the cameras aren't rolling. See Jessie T. Usher and Erica Ash in this candid moment from the Survivor's Remorse set., Hours on the court can lead to painful injuries. See why the basketball life isn't all fame and fortune on Survivor's Remorse., Survivor's Remorse just hit 100,000 likes. A big thanks for being part of Cam's Fam and helping us hit 100k!, Making it to the pros could mean a life of disposable income. Which passion would your newfound fortune give you the freedom to pursue?, Uncle Julius may not know a lot about fine art or fine wine, but he can always spot a fine woman., On last Saturday's episode of Survivor's Remorse, Reggie told Cassie that public people have to do things they don't want to do. If you were in Cassie's shoes, would you have apologized?, When you hit the big time, you don't get to choose whether or not you're a role-model., The first two episodes of Survivor's Remorse are available anytime, anywhere, with your STARZ subscription. The laughs keep going at STARZ Play. http://www.starzplay.com/#0, Cam and his family are VIPs and tonight they look the part. Walk the red carpet with the Calloways on a new episode of Survivor's Remorse, tonight at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Uncle Julius is ready to pregame. The party starts tonight on an all-new Survivor's Remorse at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Don't miss out on a new episode of Survivor's Remorse tonight at 9P ET/PT. Set a reminder now to watch with Peel., Big names are offering big praise. See what  The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, The New York Times and more are saying about STARZ new comedy Survivor's Remorse., Cassie Calloway lives her life without apologies or regrets. She'll be challenged on this tomorrow night on Survivor's Remorse., Cam's not the only one signing deals. Survivor's Remorse  will be back for season 2 on STARZ., Reggie's in full media crisis control on the next Survivor's Remorse. Watch him in action in this exclusive clip, and turn to STARZ tomorrow night at 9P ET/PT., This Saturday, Cam hits the red carpet. Tune in to a new episode of Survivor's Remorse at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Caption this before it airs: Uncle Julius appreciates all of life's pleasures. Tell us what he's thinking in this scene and you could score some Survivor's Remorse swag., Cam Calloway may be a rising star, but so is Jessie T. Usher. BuzzFeed Entertainment has the stats on the man playing the Calloway family's MVP., Cassie's mouth makes trouble for Cam on the next Survivor's Remorse. See if she's humble enough to swallow her words this Saturday at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Jessie T. Usher and RonReaco Lee talk to SLAM Magazine about all things Survivor's Remorse and basketball. Check it out:, Next week on Survivor's Remorse, Uncle Julius decides to 'taste-test' Cam's groupies. Get your own taste of the episode right here., Mike Epps is a character in front of and behind the camera. Check out this behind-the-scenes gem of Mike…being Mike., If you're trying to make it to the pro leagues, you'd better have a backup plan. Learn the hard truths about making it big from Survivor's Remorse., Cam and his family are living the good life after making it big. Who's your favorite Calloway family member on Survivor's Remorse?, Cam's contract changed his life overnight. Which crucial transportation purchase would you make with your first millions? #MoneyMonday, "Plan for the worst, hope for the best, and save money where you can." Sports Illustrated reveals the financial woes of Cam Calloway in this leaked email.

See the spending for yourself on the series premiere of Survivor's Remorse this Saturday at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Cam and Reggie found themselves staring down the barrel of a gun on last night's premiere of Survivor's Remorse. Would you have given the money to someone trying to blackmail you, or would you try to keep what's yours?, Download STARZ Play and watch the STARZ series premiere of Survivor's Remorse FREE. http://starzplay.com/#2, null, If you made it to the big leagues, who would you take along for the ride?

Find out how the Calloways handle their new lives tonight at 9P ET/PT!, Tonight’s the night. Cam and the Calloways make their big debut on the series premiere of Survivor's Remorse at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Get to know the cast of Survivor's Remorse up-close and personal before tonight's premiere at 9P ET/PT on STARZ. Who are you most excited to see?, null, Survivor's Remorse premieres on STARZ tonight at 9P ET/PT. Live the good life with the Calloways, and set yourself a reminder to watch with Peel., The shot clock is counting down. You're only 24 hours away from the premiere of Survivor's Remorse on STARZ. Series premiere October 4 at 9P ET/PT., Before tomorrow night’s premiere on STARZ, watch Access Hollywood on NBC for a special Survivor's Remorse feature now., He's always having a good time, even if nobody else is. Meet the wise-cracking uncle we all wish we had, on the premiere of Survivor's Remorse, tomorrow night at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., She's got a big heart - and a big mouth. Meet Cassie when Survivor's Remorse premieres this Saturday at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Grab your gear: you're only two days away from the premiere of Survivor's Remorse on STARZ. Series premiere October 4 at 9P ET/PT., The cast of Survivor's Remorse will be featured on Extra. Watch NBC tonight at 7P ET/PT to meet the Calloways, and catch the series premiere this Saturday at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., The hilarious Mike Epps takes to SportsNation NOW to talk about his role as Uncle Julius on Survivor's Remorse. Catch the interview, and get ready for the premiere this Saturday, October 4 on STARZ!, When it comes to the pros, the shoes make the man. Complex has the details on how you could win a Survivor's Remorse pair designed by Mache Custom Kicks., Life is all money and bubbly for this debutante. Meet Missy on Survivor's Remorse, premiering October 4 at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., The Calloway family will take a shot at the life of the rich and famous in three days. Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4 at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., null, She may not be a professional athlete, but she's still got game. Meet M-Chuck on the October 4 premiere of Survivor's Remorse on STARZ at 9P ET/PT., Survivor's Remorse takes over in four days. Series premiere October 4 at 9P ET/PT. Suit up., Reggie will do his best to keep Cam in line when Survivor's Remorse premieres on October 4 at 9P ET/PT on STARZ., Only five days remain until Survivor's Remorse drops on STARZ. Series premiere October 4 at 9P ET/PT., He's the family's MVP, and the newest pro baller in Atlanta. Meet Cam Calloway this Saturday on the premiere of Survivor's Remorse at 9P ET/PT., The Calloways go through ups and downs like everyone else, but the ups are coming along more frequently these days. Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4 at 9P ET/PT., Survivor's Remorse takes to the court in seven days. Your STARZ subscription is your admission. Get ready, October 4 at 9P ET/PT., The first two episodes of Survivor's Remorse are available NOW. Get in the game., You've got courtside seats. The first two episodes of Survivor's Remorse are officially available a full week before the series premiere for FREE. Watch Cam Calloway take on Atlanta NOW. , null, Get a jump on the competition: the first two episodes of Survivor's Remorse will be available tonight, a week before the October 4 premiere., They get paid to play the game, and the game plays them right back. Find out what the business of basketball is really like., Survivor's Remorse was in full effect at the Los Angeles premiere and we’ve got the pictures from behind the velvet rope., It’s an exhibition match: tonight marks the premiere of Survivor's Remorse in LA and we’ll be covering it all night! Follow along on Twitter for the play-by-play starting with the red carpet. https://twitter.com/SRemorse_Starz , Cam's mom is moving on up...and out. Her life changes October 4, when Survivor's Remorse premieres on STARZ., See how world-class athletes like Kobe Bryant and LeBron James live the good life in this new TMZ gallery, and watch the Calloways grow accustomed to it on the October 4 premiere of Survivor's Remorse on STARZ., Reggie and Missy slide comfortably into their new life on October 4, when Survivor's Remorse premieres on STARZ., The word 'blunt' takes on more than one meaning when he's around. Watch Mike Epps as Uncle Julius in Survivor's Remorse on STARZ., Survivor's Remorse tips off in 14 days. Are you game?, Cam can't live with them, and can't live without them. Join the Calloway family on the October 4 premiere of Survivor's Remorse, only on STARZ., If you don’t already have an Uncle Julius in your family, you’ll wish you did. He’s ready to live easy in Atlanta when Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4 on STARZ., Cassie knows best. 

Get more motherly advice from the Calloway matriarch in Survivor's Remorse, premiering October 4 on STARZ., Country clubs and a luxury lifestyle are nothing new to Missy. She’ll help usher the Calloways into a whole new tax bracket. Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4 on STARZ., Survivor's Remorse Executive Producers Tom Werner, Maverick Carter, LeBron James and Mike O'Malley hosted a private screening in Cleveland last Thursday night with Cleveland Browns' Johnny Manziel in tow. http://bit.ly/1qEZHdB , Whether grabbing money or grabbing ass, M-Chuck’s always been there for Cam when it counted most. He’ll need all the help he can get when Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4 on STARZ., Part advisor and part confidant, cousin Reggie is Cam's right-hand man on Survivor's Remorse, a brand new comedy from STARZ., Cam’s going to need more than just his talent. Get a taste of the pro athlete lifestyle in Survivor's Remorse, premiering October 4 on STARZ., Multi-million dollar contract or not, Cam’s family will always keep him grounded. Get to know the Calloways from Survivor's Remorse., Check out what went down at a private screening and Q&A panel for Survivor's Remorse in Cleveland., He might be living large, but the people he grew up with are still living the struggle. Cam can't escape Survivor's Remorse., Cam's got fame and fortune, but most importantly, his family. Don't miss the premiere of Survivor's Remorse, October 4 on STARZ., We're one month out from living the good life. Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4., Cam's skills take him from the blacktop to the rooftop when Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4 on STARZ., Survivor's Remorse is shot in the legendary city of Atlanta, Georgia. Check it out Oct. 4 on STARZ., Families that play together stay together. Survivor's Remorse premieres October 4, only on STARZ., Get ready for STARZ new original comedy, premiering on October 4. http://bit.ly/1vGmmoR  , "Family values" takes on a whole new meaning in the new 30-second spot for Survivor's Remorse, premiering October 4 on STARZ:, null, null, The new STARZ series #SurvivorsRemorse is doing it big with our brand new official art. Gold never looked so good., #SurvivorsRemorse is a captivating comedy with gravitas, but don't take our word for it. BuzzFeed's got the 4 things you need to know before the October 4 premiere on STARZ: http://bzfd.it/1oJEMVy, Cam is a star, now it’s time to show the world…well, almost. Survivor's Remorse premieres Oct. 4 on STARZ., null)