List(Hey, Everyone! We are excited to announce that we will be opening our doors in Worcester in less than two months! Follow our Antonio's Pizza by The Slice Kitchen & Bar Worcester for live updates and announcements., Ed the Van Man!, It's that time of year, The Valley Advocate's Best of is upon us! Please take a few short moments and vote us for Best Pizza in the Valley!! Thanks!!

http://www.valleyadvocate.com/best-of/, Worcester! We will be opening this Spring on Chandler St.! Right across from Foley Stadium! See you all there!!!!, You can now enjoy Antonio's on the go #AntoniosPizza 

Photo via @buzzfeed, Week 2. Are you ready for Hot Cheese Up Front, Amherst?!, Antonio's Amherst is looking for a part time pizza slinger!! We are looking for people with availability for weekday days! Possible full time in future! If you're interested send us a message or if you know someone who might be interested have them send us a message!!, It's back..., El Chicharito. Black beans, rice, dollops of guacamole, spicy chicken, cheddar, and sour cream. #antoniosspecial #nofilter, The Sampler meat special. An outer ring of Chicken Bacon Ranch, middle ring of breaded honey BBQ chicken, and an inner honey mustard chicken. #antoniosspecial #nofilter, We are looking for a part time pizza slinger! Possible full time when the fall semester begins! Stop by and apply!!, Congrats Class of 2015!

Photo Credits: Phil Rosario, Nutella is coming...this Thursday and Friday., Nutella is coming...This Thursday and Friday!!, http://www.amherstwire.com/antonios-stories-by-the-slice/

Check out this awesome write up about Antonio's Amherst by an amazing young writer, Brilee Weaver! Thanks!!, People's reaction when we're out of Chicken Bacon Ranch, Voting is almost over for the annual "Best of..." put on by the folks at The Valley Advocate!! Get your vote in now and help us win the Best Pizza category! All it takes is a few short minutes and an e-mail address!! Thank you all for the support!!

http://www.valleyadvocate.com/best-of/, To all our loyal and wonderful friends, it's time to vote for us for 'Best Pizza' in the the annual "Best of..." in the valley's best magazine, The Valley Advocate. It only takes a few short minutes and an e-mail address! We appreciate your support and there is a surprise in it for ya'll if we win!!

http://www.valleyadvocate.com/best-of/, pretty cool segment from our buddies at Phantom Gourmet, Nahhhh Pauly, we have plenty of nutella to share with everyone TOMORROW!! Antonio's Amherst, Belchertown, Easthampton and Providence (your hood Pauly) will be slinging that nutella for all you wonderful people. Come by and grab a slice!!, Saturday it's coming..., null, null, Since ya'll been so wonderful to us, Antonio's Amherst, Easthampton, Belchertown and Providence will be slinging slices of our Nutella pizza for you this Saturday, Nov. 22cnd. Enjoy., Tomorrow night while be a very special edition of "Hot Cheese Up Front," our friends from ESPNU's "Road Trip" will be in shooting the nightlife of Amherst! Wear your school's colors and get ready for some fun!!, thank you TripAdvisor for having us #1!, Jenny Dell, Will Middlebrooks and company stopped by for a slice or two last week. Will, Chicken Ques = high OPS and Jenny, be careful on the sidelines!, Antonio's Belchertown is looking for pizza slingers! Stop by their shop at 31 Federal St. in Belchertown and fill out an application!, Everyone go show our boys in Easthampton some love and like their facebook page!! 

https://www.facebook.com/antonioseasthampton

Thanks everyone!!, Antonio's Belchertown is looking for some Pizza Slingers, Servers and Bartenders! You can stop by Antonio's Belchertown or Antonio's Amherst to apply! 
Also Antonio's Amherst is looking for a new Pizza Slinger for the school year!! Stop by and apply or shoot us a message on Facebook and tell us why you think you're the one for the job!! Thanks!!, Awesome painting of our Amherst store by local artist Taylor Alrdrich.

Check out her Facebook page here: https://www.facebook.com/watercolorportraitsbytaylor, Fresh mozz & portabella, fresh outta the oven!, Avo ques fresh outta the oven #nofilter, null, Chicken Parm Deluxe #antoniosspecial #nofilter, #cbr #nofilter, happy 4th of July from the Antonio's crew to you!, Our belchertown store now has it's own page. For information about the Belchertown location such as our menu, phone number, hours of operation, and address please refer to that page :) https://www.facebook.com/antoniosbelchertown, Belchertown location is open and ready to roll! If you want to call in and order takeout our number is 413-323-6844. :), Avo ques, avo salad, chicken ques, and chicken caesar salad #yum, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY (for Amherst location). LIKE this post and COMMENT with your favorite slice. 

Random winner chosen tomorrow!  #goodluck, Belchertown store is open today 4-10 and we will be open the rest of the week as well :), Belchertown store update: We want to thank everyone for the overwhelming support our customers showed us for our test opening last week.  We are tweaking a few things to better serve you and will be open Wednesday at 4:00pm. See you then :), Our belchertown location will be holding a job fair this Tuesday June 24th from 1-3p.m. We are looking for experienced servers, bartenders, cooks, host. We are also looking for bussers, dishwashers, and phone people. Please bring in a copy of your resume when you come in., Belchertown store update: Until further notice we will open at 4p.m -10p.m. Tuesday-Thursday and Sundays, and 4p.m-11p.m Fridays and Saturdays and we will be closed Monday. Thank you for your patience :), Update with out Belchertown store hours, today we will be open at 4pm. Friday we will be open at 4pm not all day. We're taking it slow to ensure that everything is perfect :), We are pleased to announce that our Belchertown location will be officially open tomorrow. It will open at 4p.m this Wednesday and Thursday. Then from Friday on we will be open full time., thank you BuzzFeed for having us #1!, Antonio's is Opening in Belchertown SOON! 
We are having a job fair this Saturday May 24th, from 10am to 1pm AND Monday May 26th from 4pm to 7pm!
We are looking for qualified Bartenders, Servers, Hostesses, Dishwashers, Counter Help, Grill Cooks and Pizza Cooks!
Stop by our NEW location in Belchertown at 31 Federal Street during the dates and times listed above to join our TEAM!!!, tonight and tomorrow, the Amherst store will be serving #NutellaPizza, Nutella pizza is back for today and tomorrow only at our Amherst store., Snow's Salad. Breaded chicken, roasted red peppers, fresh baby spinach, ricotta, on a white base. #loaded #nofilter #AntoniosSpecial, Did you know that Fenway Park's Green Monster is 37' tall, the equivalent of 222 pizza boxes! Thanks NESN!, where do YOU want us to open a new Antonio's?, Scallop Sorprest #AntoniosSpecial, Happy #Passover to those who celebrate!, cool close up of our cheese slice

photo courtesy of @brimazzz, #FreshOuttaTheOven #GoodMorning, like free pizza? a giftcard giveaway has been posted on our Twitter page, @AntoniosPizza3. #freepizza #AntoniosGiveaways , Pesto Tortellini and Pesto Tomato #FreshOuttaTheOven, Shrimp Salad #AntoniosSpecial, Matt Light at the Amherst store yesterday. Thank you KEEL Vodka for bringing him by! #GoPats, 3x Superbowl Champ and 3x Pro Bowler Matt Light, formerly of the New England Patriots, will stop by our store today around 6 or 7. he will be promoting his foundation and new vodka company, KEEL. come say hi and perhaps sample some of his new, smooth vodka!

"like" KEEL --> https://www.facebook.com/KEELVodka?ref=br_tf

check out the Matt Light foundation --> http://www.mattlight72.com/, BBQ grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, on a BBQ sauce base. #WestTexan #AntoniosSpecial #nofilter, Antonio's manager Jay Carreiro has grown his hair for 2 years now for one reason- to have it all shaved off in support of childhood cancer research 

please sponsor Jay at www.stbaldricks.org, just type in "Jay Carreiro" in the searchbox. feel free to come to Rafters on Sunday, April 6th to support St Baldrick's event. thank you! , Ready to be served #CBR #cheese #sicilian #nofilter, Hungry? #nofilter, UMASS BASKETBALL #ShowEmHowItsDone, El Desperado #AntoniosSpecial, Giftcard giveaway! To enter, LIKE this status (and this page) + COMMENT with your Antonio's slice of choice . Random winner chosen tomorrow. #goodluck, Who'd be in for a giftcard giveaway today?, Fresh outta the oven #Sicilian #nofilter, tonight. HOT CHEESE UP FRONT. $1 cheese slices from 12-2am., Yes, we will be your valentine. Happy VDay!, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY! We all love free pizza...

Enter here: http://ptab.it/2lmcY, 400 likes on this post and we'll do a giftcard giveaway on this snowy day!, Yesterday we put in this new sign for our Amherst store, happy Super Bowl Sunday! order Antonio's and get it delivered to your party by calling Delivery Express at (413) 549-0077, we are soon opening new locations in Worcester, Boston, and Lowell. to stay updated, please do the following and click "get notifications" from us, as Facebook is making it less likely our posts will reach your feed., hungry?, happy #ThirstyThursday, thank you TripAdvisor for ranking us #1 restaurant in Amherst! 

http://tinyurl.com/k6n7amk, Club Sidewalk is just around the corner once again... #WelcomeBack, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY! enter here --> http://ptab.it/2bf36

random winner chosen tomorrow! #goodluck, Who's in for a giftcard giveaway? 250 likes on this post and we will do one today!, Castro's Magic #AntoniosSpecial, hey Worcester. we will be opening a new location for you THIS YEAR #AntoniosWorcester, Happy New Year everybody, stay safe., Best New Year's resolution: eat more Antonio's Pizza., Happy holiday season from the Antonio's crew!, This kid had his first Antonio's slice the other day! #startingyoung

(picture via @k_harrington14), Thank you everyone who tried our Nutella special yesterday. Hope you enjoyed!, Nutella Pizza. Today. Very limited supply remaining., NUTELLA TOMORROW. Because ya'll had sucha good semestahhhh, giftcard giveaway ends tonight. enter here --> http://ptab.it/1StVC, 300 likes on this status and we'll do a giftcard giveaway today! 

...by the way, we will be serving Nutella pizza this THURSDAY, UMass marching band. Like a boss!!, Happy Thanksgiving to all from the Antonio's crew!, GO UMass! Men's Basketball ranked #24 in the latest AP poll!! GO UMASS!! Brian Long #1 Superfan get excited!!, Grilled calamari salad w/chipotle mayo. #AntoniosSpecial, oh hey there SNOW!, $1 cheese slices tonight, 12-2am. #HotCheeseUpFront, People's reaction when we're out of chicken bacon ranch, Nutella pizza, coming soon to Amherst and Easthampton stores., Amherst/Easthampton, should we do another Nutella special?!, How about this weather though?, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY! enter here --> http://ptab.it/1EPru

winner announced tomorrow!, 250 likes on this post and we'll do a giftcard giveaway #freepizza, #CBR, Steak burrito anyone?

(photo courtesy of Malique Payne), This girl was us for Halloween! Hope everyone enjoyed there weekend. #Halloween2013, $1 cheese slices tonight from 12-2! #HOTCHEESEUPFRONT, Do we have any trick-or-treaters? We got candy for you, check out how much pizza we made/served for today's UMass football game at Gillette stadium!, come check us out at Gillette. we're serving up some of your favorite slices! #GoUMass

(photo courtesy of @UMassFootball), Antonio's will be serving cheese,roni,chicken blue,chicken ranch,white pizza,pesto tortellini,chicken parm and maybe a few other favorites at Gillete stadium from 12-3 this Saturday for homecoming.. Joining us will be the wings over Amherst,Motti,black sheep and white hunt... Go Umass, looking forward to seeing everyone tonight for #ThirstyThursday, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY! enter here --> http://ptab.it/1vcCs

random winner chosen and emailed TONIGHT #goodluck, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY! enter here --> http://ptab.it/1vcCs

random winner chosen and emailed tomorrow #goodluck, Shall we do a giftcard giveaway today?, hey UMass alumni..  who's stopping by this weekend for homecoming?!, Antonio's is looking for a part time employee! Come down to the store and apply in person, or write us a message about why you want to work with us!!!, GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY!

1. LIKE THIS STATUS.
2. SHARE THIS STATUS. 

Contest ends tomorrow!, 253 likes on this post for a giftcard giveaway! #FreePizza, $1 cheese slices tonight from 12-2 #hotcheeseupfront, who's excited?!, safe to say the excitement level right now for our upcoming locations in Worcester and the Boston area is pretty high..., giftcard giveaway has been posted... winner announced tomorrow. enter here: http://ptab.it/1mKMU #goodluck, let's get 250 likes on this post for a giftcard giveaway!, Fact of the day: we are Red Sox General Manager Ben Cherington's favorite food, according to an interview on sports radio #GoSox, thank you Massachusetts Office of Travel and Tourism for making us the #1 hidden food gem in Massachusetts!

see here --> http://bit.ly/1emrsRg, Today's specials are a tribute to Dr. Indiana Jones. The Round Up (w/walnuts) and Dr. Jones (w/ chili chicken) #antoniosspecials, here we go... GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY

enter here ---> http://ptab.it/1jndy

winner announced tomorrow., 263 likes on this post and we'll do a gift card giveaway today!, hey Umass students - we will now be accepting UCard debit, Ever wonder what all the fresh pizzas look like in the morning? #FreshOutOfTheOven, so many new Antonio's locations coming up. who's excited?!, have you entered our giftcard giveaway yet?! 

enter here --> http://ptab.it/1fZuM, hey Worcester.... we just bought a place for our new location! Boston is up next and UMass Lowell... look out for us too., UMass... you're awesome!, head over to our twitter, @AntoniosPizza3, for a chance to win a giftcard!, BOSTON. You are still on our agenda. We are waiting for the right spot to open a new location... stay tuned, WORCESTER. You are most likely our next location. Working on a deal as we speak ;), just about a month until the party begins again. UMass, Amherst College.... we miss you!, hey everyone... should we do a giftcard giveaway?!, BACON Mac N'Cheese w/ grilled chicken #AntoniosSpecials, #CBR, Mama's Papas and Tortellini Blanco (cheese tortellini, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, shaved fresh bleu cheese, and homemade alfredo sauce) #AntoniosSpecials, The Desperado (with steak, guac base) #AntoniosSpecials, So per request,Where should our first Boston location be..., so what's more uncomfortable, the grueling weather in Amherst right now or not having an Antonio's slice for a long period of time?, if you could change ONE thing about your favorite slice, what would it be?, ANTONIO'S IS HIRING FOR THE UPCOMING SCHOOL YEAR! Your training begins now! Send us a message about why you'd like to work at Antonio's or stop by to fill out an application. Please have full availability!!, Looks like Worcester is next in line?give us time we will get to you all soon enough.., where would YOU want us to open another Antonio's?, Have you tried our chicken broccoli alfredo?, #merica, giftcard giveaway anyone? let's see some thumbs up if you like free pizza!, Black bean & rice base, avocado, chopped tomato, sour cream, onion, and cheddar #AntoniosSpecials, looks like Mother Nature here in Amherst needs a slice of Chicken Bacon Ranch so she can stop crying/raining so much, for all those who were wondering: this Thursday, July 4th we will be open 1pm - 2am!, Amherst, MA is #7!, Guacamole Quesadilla #AntoniosSpecials, Patrice will play tonight. Go Bruins!, are ya following us on Twitter yet? we have a giftcard giveaway posted up --> @AntoniosPizza3, Lobster, Scallops, and Bacon Alfredo Mac n'Cheese, And our Nutella pizza #TasteOfAmherst, Anyone like lobster? We are serving a Lobster Mac n'Cheese slice only at our tent ;), Sir Don Giovanni hanging out at the tent!, after many years away, we are finally returning to the Taste of Amherst. come visit our tent; we will be serving some pretty cool slices (including Nutella). starting today at 5pm on the Town Common!, Throwback Thursday. Amherst store circa mid-1990's, Robert Downey Jr. is currently around Amherst shooting a movie. If anyone has any further details let us know!, The Pesto Garden. Basil, mozzarella, portabella mushrooms, avocado, and roasted red peppers on a pesto base., The Kali-Burger #AntoniosSpecials #nofilter, by the way, LET'S GO BRUINS!, what is your favorite slice of pizza to cheer you up on a rainy day?, We will be offering Nutella pizza once again during the Taste of Amherst June 13-16. It will not be available in store, just at our tent!, Head over to our twitter, @AntoniosPizza3, for our giftcard giveaway!, Who'd be down for a giftcard giveaway today? Let's see thumbs up!, the annual Taste of Amherst will be June 13-16 at the Town Common. and yes we will have a tent!, anyone hungry?, so. hot., just spotted purple and pink lightening bolts in Amherst. beautiful, Chicken BACON ranch. Must emphasize bacon., and our FREE PIZZA giveaway... name 3 of our employees (first name is fine) to be entered to win a giftcard. name 5 and be entered twice. goodluck!

winner announced on our "GIVEAWAYS" tab and also on our Twitter, @AntoniosPizza3, tomorrow (due to Facebook giveaway restrictions), also today is Jay's (the manager) birthday. if you see him make sure to wish him a good one!, 300 likes on this post.... and we'll do a giveaway for some FREE PIZZA., null, a must watch., how 'bout them BRUINS, Ready for some hockey tonight?? Here's old friend and Antonio's Providence loyalist, Inners, layin the smack down on Ziggy Pallfy. GO BRUINS!!!

http://youtu.be/jFfdVBKoN5k, last Thursday night of the year at Antonio's. congrats UMass class of 2013, best of luck in your future endeavors (photo cred: Bill Black), so who tried our Nutella special today? what'd ya think?!, The final product #nutellaparty, Miguel workin on some Nutella pizza!, remember we have our Nutella special today. come in quick as it'll sell out soon!!, Nutella pizza. Today. Let the madness begin!, TOMORROW! share with your friends... see you all there. , Nutella pizza will be served tomorrow (Tuesday)! We've also put up a giftcard giveaway on our Twitter, @AntoniosPizza3. Follow us!, someone should open one of these in Amherst!, 20 years in a row, so many people have already come in and asked about Nutella pizza... we are going to have many different combinations (some pretty cool ones) of it for one day only next week. get excited!, Next week... Nutella pizza will be served (specific day TBA), ahhh almost feels like summer!, we got voted Best Pizza 2013 in the Pioneer Valley by the Valley Advocate (and 3rd in Late Night dining)! we are honored and proud. thanks everyone!! read more:

An Amherst institution for 22 years, Antonio’s knows what works—a wide variety of gourmet pizza, by the pie and the slice—and sticks with it, while occasionally mixing things up. Recently, the shop made its first foray into dessert pizza: a Nutella base topped with fruit, chocolate, Graham crackers and marshmallows. Open from 10 a.m. to 2 a.m, Antonio’s is perhaps best known for its late-night crowd, which manager Jay Carreiro has learned to take in his stride over his nine years at Antonio’s: “You’ve just got to let things roll off your back. You’ve got to have fun with it.” (see more - http://bit.ly/11hT7c5), #AntoniosSpecials, giftcard giveaway just posted on our twitter.... @AntoniosPizza3, Free pizza anyone? Let's see some thumbs up for a giftcard giveaway!, according to a Twitter poll today... our pizza indeed makes people twerk, Line's out the door #madness, and 4/20 at Antonio's begins..., today on Boylston, http://www.gazettenet.com/sports/umasssports/5730907-95/umass-doc-at-ground-zero-of-marathon-bombings, On the lighter side.., thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the explosions in Boston today. stay safe

-Antonio's crew, The Florentine Supreme and Steak Gorgonzola #AntoniosSpecials, pretty cool!, Follow/check out our Twitter (@AntoniosPizza3) for today's giftcard giveaway. We will also post an option to enter through Facebook tonight., 350 likes on this status and we'll do a giftcard giveaway to sweeten up your Monday!, 70° tomorrow in Amherst.... who digs it?!, Caesar Salad specials ;), Beautiful day out in the Herst!, Gronk got our pizza today and did his signature spike with one of our slices..., truth!, finally got an instagram! follow us @antoniospizza ;), #ThirstyThursday at Antonio's only means one thing... A packed house!, what would this world be without pizza?!, Head over to our Twitter (@AntoniosPizza3) for today's giftcard giveaway!!, RT (and follow us) to enter our giftcard giveaway! Winner announced tomorrow right here ;), Let's get 300 likes on this status for a GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY!, Welcome back UMass students! Who missed us?, coming soon, have a good spring break UMass! and when you're back.... we have Nutella pizza for you., How about this weather?! #DigginIt, what's the best pizza slice you've ever had?, Today's specials... The Swanson and Avocado Salad!, head over to UMass' newspaper page DailyCollegian.com for our giftcard giveaway and follow us on Twitter (@AntoniosPizza3) to get an extra entry!, who likes free pizza and would be down for a giftcard giveaway today?, Come try our STEAK Bacon Ranch special today ;), Blarney blowout...., today's specials.... a scallop slice and chicken caesar salad, oh hello there weekend., null, tell your mother, tell your father, tell your kids.... the NUTELLA special is back for one day only the week following spring break! now you can spend your spring break preparing your mouth....

*specific date TBA soon*, who's feeling Guap today? #AntoniosSpecial http://t.co/rEcwOzbN3y, Who's a fan of fresh, fried calamari? We have a pretty awesome slice with that today.... Come in and try some!!, LIKE if chicken bacon ranch is your favorite Antonio's slice., Today's specials are two types of Penne slices... With tribute to our boy Tom Brady!, our Facebook portion of the giftcard giveaway has been taken down (due to Facebook contest restrictions) and all those who participated have been written down. winner announced on Twitter, @AntoniosPizza3, at noon!, like free pizza? 300 likes on this post and we'll do a giftcard giveaway TONIGHT!, Today's specials (one on left is a portabella caesar salad), today, 101 year old Fauja Singh of India ran his final 10k in 92 minutes....  now THAT'S amazing, Today's specials: potato bleu and meat lasagna, our next giftcard giveaway will be on Twitter... hop on if you haven't already! @AntoniosPizza3, Today's specials... Two types of lasagna pizza, Tiesto had our pizza last night. Pictures to come ;), Marcus knows what's good, fun fact: Tiësto used to be a pizza deliverer., null, Tiësto is coming to Amherst Thursday... we hope the DJ legend will come grab a slice of Antonio's after his show. who can convince him?!, Today's specials. A fresh Mozzarella salad and the Siracusa (caramelized onions, sausage, bleu cheese, on a creme fraich base), thankful for all you guys who love our pizza. we wouldn't be anything without you! much love!!, UMass knows how to do it!, thank god it's Friday. who are we seeing tonight for a late night snack?, Smoked Alaskan wild salmon pizza, Antonio's style. Come and get a slice before we sell out, We got a full house right now. Everyone wants to try our specials featuring smoked Alaskan wild salmon!, our giftcard giveaway today will happen on our twitter (@AntoniosPizza3) only those who follow us will be eligible to enter., null, Who thinks we should do a giftcard giveaway today?, any Antonio's slice(s) will gladly be your Valentine tomorrow., who thinks the Antonio's crew should do a harlem shake video?, This Friday our 10k winner will feature her own special. The Sternberger will feature: a Mozzarella base, macaroni, bacon, grilled chicken, and cheddar, Take a minute and vote for us for Best Pizza in the Valley!! Time is running out to vote!! If we win, we will bring back the....nutella pizza!!!, Today's specials (one has steak). Come get some!, bacon, COME ON DOWN!! WE'RE OPEN!! COME WATCH BIG MIKE FLIP SOME PLATES TODAY, THEN CHECK OUT ROB'S NEW HAIRCUT TONIGHT!!! HOT CHEESE UP FRONT LATE NIGHT TONIGHT!!!, We're toughing it out and staying open today! Today's specials are Meatball Bacon Ranch (!!) and Zuchinni Penne, we are bringing back the NUTELLA special to you very soon. last time we had it, we sold out in a few hours. stay tuned!, Happy World Nutella Day!, Today's specials are a chicken and veggie marsala slice made with a homemade marsala sauce by our own Julia!, Today's special.... Chipotle chicken salad. Who wants some?, 49ers or Ravens?, Today's specials are the pesto garden and pollo loco!, please follow our twitter, @AntoniosPizza3, for our 10k contest winner announcement later today!, hmmmm....., Eating a slice of Antonio's is like _____ . Be creative and get an additional entry in our 10k contest!, fresh outta the oven, check out our 10k fan giveaway album if you haven't already! some pretty cool prizes are up for grabs ;), MORE PHOTOS HAVE BEEN ADDED! In case you missed it..., ANTONIO'S 10K FAN GIVEAWAY (read carefully): 

1) The Prize
- Design your OWN Antonio's special slice, named after you. 
- $25 Giftcard
-Antonio's Limited Edition T-Shirt

2) How to Enter
- Tag yourself ONCE in one of your favorite slices of ours in our "10k Giveaway" photo album

3) Winner Announcement
-Winner chosen at random and will be announced ON TWITTER (@AntoniosPizza3) on Friday, 2/1/2013, due to Facebook's page giveaway restrictions. If you don't have a twitter, you can still check our twitter when we announce it.

GOODLUCK, AND TAG AWAY! (note: Facebook allows 50 tags per picture, so be quick)

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.*, back in the day people still mobbed us for a slice of pizza., throughout the week we will be giving people the option to get additional entries to our 10k contest. stay tuned!, ANTONIO'S 10K FAN GIVEAWAY (read carefully): 

1) The Prize
- Design your OWN Antonio's special slice, named after you. 
- $25 Giftcard
-Antonio's Limited Edition T-Shirt

2) How to Enter
- Tag yourself ONCE in one of your favorite slices of ours in our "10k Giveaway" photo album (see top of our page)

3) Winner Announcement
-Winner chosen at random and will be announced ON TWITTER (@AntoniosPizza3) on Friday, 2/1/2013, due to Facebook's page giveaway restrictions. If you don't have a twitter, you can still check our twitter when we announce it.

GOODLUCK, AND TAG AWAY! (note: Facebook allows 50 tags per picture, so be quick)

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.*, ANTONIO'S 10K FAN GIVEAWAY (read carefully): 

1) The Prize
- Design your OWN Antonio's special slice, named after you. 
- $25 Giftcard
-Antonio's Limited Edition T-Shirt

2) How to Enter
- Tag yourself ONCE in one of your favorite slices of ours in our "10k Giveaway" photo album

3) Winner Announcement
-Winner chosen at random and will be announced ON TWITTER (@AntoniosPizza3) on Friday, 2/1/2013, due to Facebook's page giveaway restrictions. If you don't have a twitter, you can still check our twitter when we announce it.

GOODLUCK, AND TAG AWAY! (note: Facebook allows 50 tags per picture, so be quick)

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.*, FOLLOW US ON TWITTER! @AntoniosPizza3 ...tweet at us for a follow back! We will have some stuff in the near future you won't want to miss on there., tonight, we're doing our 10k giveaway. please share with your friends!, Today's specials (meat special has grilled sausage, hamburger, and pepperoni on it), Our 10k giveaway will be up TONIGHT! Get ready.., null, who remembers this?, Speaking of parties in your mouth... Our specials today are the Achilles on FIRE and our grilled chicken caesar salad w/ bacon, Have you tried Antonio's El Guap? Buffalo chicken, guacamole, fresh tomatoes, cheddar cheese, sour cream all on a black bean base. Party in your mouth., who's ready for our 10k likes contest? LET'S SEE SOME THUMBS UP!, Today's specials.. One on right is a terriyaki steak burrito on a rice and black bean base w/ roasted red and green peppers, null, Today's specials (one on right has terriyaki steak, left has tortellini and bleu cheese), GIFTCARD GIVEAWAY - 'like' this status (and our page if you have not already) to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's!! 

winner will be announced tomorrow on this post., null, free Antonio's giftcard anyone? 350 likes on this post, and we'll do a giftcard giveaway TODAY!, Championship Sunday! Take a few minutes and watch this, we guarantee a pretty good laugh even if you're not a football fan., Today's specials are black bean taco and honey bbq chicken!, tomorrow..., Oh and we are considering doing another Nutella special soon... Thoughts?, UMASS - who's pumped to get back to Amherst for the spring semester? we miss you guys!, our marketing guy is back from vacation! that means we'll be posting pictures of daily specials once again and doing more giveaways. 

ALSO... if we are your favorite pizza in the valley we'd greatly appreciate it if you could take a sec and give us a vote for Valley Advocate's Best Pizza Award, under the "Food & Drink" section :) thanks in advance!!, We hope everyone had a relaxing semester break! Not that you're all back, you're just in time to vote for us in the Valley Advocate's 'Best of...' section! Take a moment fill out at least 10 categories for a valid ballot and write Antonio's in for Best Pizza! Go to http://www.valleyadvocate.com/ballot/index.cfm?pid=61 to start voting! Thanks for the support!!!, Who's watchin football all weekend? Come in and grab a slice or get some Antonio's delivered to you for the games!, Party Hard! Party Safe! Happy New Year from all of us at Antonio's!! We'll be open until 2am tonight! Come grab a slice after the ball drops!, wow. 10,000 fans. THANK YOU EVERYONE! stay tuned for a 10k giveaway..., please share this photo/spread the word, we are only 30 likes away from 10,000 likes! thank you everyone for your support :), the best new year's resolution anyone can have: eat more Antonio's Pizza., So much snow on its way. Who wishes they were on a beach somewhere warm right about now?, Wow that was quick... Simply 'like' this status to be entered to win a $10 giftcard!, Happy Christmas Eve! Let's get 350 likes on this post for a giftcard giveaway tonight!, Who's a fan of our Avocado Quesadilla slice?, If you could have one last Antonio's slice before the world ends, what would it be?!, Here we go... LIKE this status to be entered to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's!, giveaway Monday! 350 likes on this post and we'll do a giftcard giveaway today!, Let's see some thumbs up if you like BACON!, This is just terrible. Thoughts and prayers to the victims and the families involved in the CT elementary school shooting., Today's specials - fresh avocado salad and a slice w/ grilled hamburger, jalapeños, brocolli, and cheddar cheese, Today's special - chipotle chicken salad. Chipotle chicken, fresh baby spinach, diced tomatos and peppers, cheddar cheese, and chipotle sour cream, To all students leaving Amherst for winter break... Have a great one! And to all the students coming home to Amherst for break, welcome back :), Who likes our Quesadilla pizzas? We have a very tasty chili quesadilla slice today.. Come in and try it!, Today's specials are a mozzarella salad and picante chicken w/ grilled peppers, LIKE this status to enter to win a $10 Antonio's giftcard!, Antonio's is hiring for part time employees! Come on down and apply in person!!, today's specials... an Antonio's homemade chili pizza and a black bean avocado w/rice slice!, giveaway Monday! let's get 366 likes on this post and we'll do a giftcard giveaway today :), Specials of the day.. Two types of Mac Attacks!, Today's specials include chipotle chicken w/roasted red peppers and a slice w/ artichoke hearts and roasted peppers on a kalamata olive base w/fresh basil, Today's specials include potato and bleu cheese on a pesto base and a rare special w/ scallops and BACON!, Today's specials (yes, that's a Chicken Cordon Bleu), it's almost Christmas/Hanukkah time.... and we're almost at 10k likes. what better present for the holidays than a massive Antonio's 10k giveaway?! tell your mother, tell your kids and LET"S DO THIS!, who's a fan of our Chicken Bacon Ranch slice?, Today's specials (one on the left is the Steak Explosion)! Winner of last night's giftcard giveaway to be announced very soon :), here we go... simply LIKE this post and a random person will get a $10 giftcard to Antonio's!, let's get 350 likes on this post for a giftcard giveaway TONIGHT!, yup, who'd be down for a giftcard giveaway sometime tomorrow? let's see some thumbs up!!, let's hear some suggestions for a cool new special we could put together, nothing like a slice from Antonio's when their's snow on the ground!, we are almost at the 10,000 fans mark! and we'll have something special in store for all of you..., Today's specials are meatball parm and avocado salad!, so who thinks we should do a Nutella special again sometime?, Who wants some?, Nutella w/ white chocolate chips, chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, roasted marshmallows, graham crackers.... huge hit so far!, Because of an incredible morning rush of customers for Nutella pizza, we might run out of supplies by midnight. If you'd like a slice of Antonio's Nutella pizza, please come by as early as possible. Thanks!, NUTELLA! SO MUCH NUTELLA!, we have some special surprises for you guys on that Nutella special tomorrow. we'll have many different varieties... perhaps one w/ roasted marshmallows ;) don't forget we open at 10am and we expect it to get pretty busy!, tomorrow., Today's specials are two types of Portabello mushroom pizzas. One has hamburg and the other mozzarella and homemade pesto!, so who's excited for some Nutella pizza Thursday?, Today's specials (one on right is a grilled chicken avocado salad), If you haven't already, check out our giftcard giveaway/special announcement below this status!, introducing the Nutella special. simply LIKE this post to enter to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's! see ya Thursday :), we want to sweeten up your Monday, Antonio's style.... if this post gets 400 likes, we will do a giftcard giveaway AND announce the date for the Nutella special, all at once. how does that sound?, Today's specials are mozzarella w/ roasted peppers and broccoli and the Bufallo Chicken SOUTHWESTERN SALAD!, Should we do the Nutella special THIS WEEK? Let's see some thumbs up!, What is your favorite Antonio's slice?, Today's specials are the MAC ATTACK and SQUASH THE MAC. Come and get some!, Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Here are today's specials (one on left is on a honey mustard base), Everyone should be this thankful everyday!, "what UMass students and alumni consider the best pizza in the world, a slice from Antonio's" ... that's what we like to hear, thanks guys!, Today's specials.. One on right has BBQ steak with Gorgonzola on an Alfredo base, one on left has eggplant instead of steak!, we will be closed this Thursday for Thanksgiving. happy Thanksgiving to all from the Antonio's crew!, GIVEAWAY TIME! In case you missed it, today we tested out the Nutella special. Simply SHARE and LIKE this picture of the special to be entered to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's!, what do people think of doing another giftcard giveaway tonight?, Testing out the Nutella special today in the lab. This one has Nutella, marscapone, fresh strawberries and rasberries, coconut, and confection sugar ;), And today's specials are...., nothing better than getting some Antonio's for lunch on a beautiful day like this, the Antonio's crew will be testing out/perfecting the Nutella special in the next few days. we want to make sure your taste buds will have a special experience... we will keep you updated on when the big Nutella day will be!, Today's specials!, today's specials (one on left is Chicken w/ our homemade Marsala), giveaway time! simply 'LIKE' this status (and our page) to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's Pizza ;), let's get 400 likes on this post for another giftcard giveaway... and GO!, today's specials are spinach ricotta pie and chicken cordon bleu!, should we do a giftcard giveaway on this gloomy Monday?, Nutella special..... Coming soon! ;), Antonio's Nutella special: Nutella, roasted marshmellows, peanut butter, fresh bananas and strawberries, confection sugar, ricotta cheese, and a caramel glaze.... Thoughts?, What do people think of a Nutella pizza special, Antonio's style?!, today's specials... one on right is grilled chicken, bacon, broccoli, cheddar, all on a honey mustard base :), are you excited for some SNOW tonight in Amherst?, today's specials (meat special is a steak w/taters!), wow you guys rocked that last status... simply 'LIKE" this post to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's on us!, how can we make the worst day of the week a little better? with a giftcard giveaway! 300 likes and we'll do another giftcard giveaway tonight.... LET'S SEE SOME THUMBS UP!, today's specials: grilled chicken avocado salad and avocado salad!, today's specials are both different kinds of MAC ATTACKS!, today's specials! (one on left is spicy chicken w/ breaded chicken and bleu cheese) come and get some!!, today's specials!, ok here we go... LIKE this status to automatically be entered to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's!, Sandy is making us wanna do another giftcard giveaway....., We're trying to stay open as late as possible for everyone! Be safe and be careful out there!, today's specials! artichokes w/ portabella mushrooms and roasted red peppers, and bbq steak with caramelized onions!, We are open today!, Alumni weekend no one does it better then you UMASS ALUMNI stop by and lets have a blast.Friday night 12:00 am to 2:00 am $1.00 cheese slices.Also Halloween weekend stop by and show us your costumes you might get a surprise."Hot Cheese Up Front", Happy halloweekend to all! Remember to call delivery express at 413-549-0077 to get Antonio's delivered right to your door :), our boy Vince with Jenny Dell of NESN this past weekend!!, today's specials! the Neverland (chicken, bacon, ranch, tomato, and cheddar) and tortellini pesto!, if you haven't already, follow us on twitter at @AntoniosPizza3 . we will do our next giveaway on twitter!, today's specials are chicken caesar salad and tomato/mozzarella/roasted red peppers!, specials for today are southwestern salad and cheddar bbq chicken w/cilantro!, want a free Antonio's pizza t-shirt? simply LIKE this status and we'll choose a random person tomorrow to come and get one!, today's specials (one on left includes sesame steak). stay tuned for another giveaway tonight!, Out of 56 restaurants/bars/grills in Amherst, MA, TripAdvisor has ranked us #1! Very honored!, LIKE THIS STATUS for a chance to win a $10 giftcard to Antonio's! winner announced on this post early tomorrow :), today's specials!! one on left is a CHICAGO pizza... sausage, pepperoni, ricotta cheese, topped with a thin layer of dough... and that's topped with oregano, marinara  sauce and parmesan cheese!, today's specials - one is w/ bbq chicken and one is w/roasted red peppers, and yes that is guacamole!, it's monday. the weather sucks. the only way to make it better is a giftcard giveaway right?!, todays special: el guapo! (one w/ spicy chicken and one vegetarian), Guidelines to any healthy relationship..., special of the day: honey bbq chicken w/ honey mustard on a mozzarella base!, This was Antonio's last night. Tonight we have $1 cheese slices from 12-2am... come join the party!, who's favorite pizza... is Antonio's pizza?, today's specials! (one on left is a pie w/ breaded chicken, roasted red peppers, mushrooms topped with cheddar cheese), today's specials are the Mama's special and the NEVERLAND II. come and get some, and make sure to say hi to our Golden eagle!, MASS EDMC and Antonio's Pizza are giving free FANTAZIA tickets! Mention MASS EDMC when you come in to get some pizza next time... you have until October 28th to enter the raffle!, Antonio's Manager, Jay, really likes The Descendants and Pizza!!!, LIKE this status to win a $10 giftcard on the house. let's go!!, ok let's do it... 300 likes for another giftcard giveaway :), who's down for some free Antonio's pizza?, today's specials are Alfredo tortellini w/zucchini and also Chili Quesadilla!, today's specials are an Antonio's chili pizza and a Fresh Mozzarella Salad!, don't forget, delivery express will deliver Antonio's pizza right to your door, hit up 413-549-0077!, It's here again "hot cheese upfront" $1.00 cheese slices from 12:00 to 2:00 am.. Come get some.., Our boy Vince with Super Bowl XLVI Champ, Victor Cruz!!, new twitter account: @AntoniosPizza3, what are people's thoughts on the firing of Sox skipper Bobby Valentine?, today's specials are an avocado salad pizza and spicy chicken special!, did you know that we now deliver?! call 413-549-0077 to get Antonio's pizza delivered to your door ;), our specials for today, today's specials!, who else already can't wait for the weekend?, check this beautiful snapshot from our store. SHARE this photo to be entered to win a $10 giftcard!, today's specials: southwestern salad w/ buffalo chicken and fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, fresh parsley on a mozzarella base. COME AND GET SOME!, let's get 300 likes on this for another giftcard giveaway!, want one of our specials to be named after you? comment with your most creative idea, and you might have one!, it's almost the WEEKEND! don't forget to stop by and grab a slice or two. or three.... who will we be seeing this weekend?, today's special: spicy breaded chicken with pepperoni and chopped tomatoes, topped with cheddar cheese all on a provolone base!, who's craving for some antonio's right now?, giveaway time! LIKE this status to enter to win a $10 gift card ;), who's down for a gift card giveaway today?, correction.... DO get "hot cheese up front" tonight.... 12-2.... COME AND GET SOME, tonight - HOT CHEESE UP FRONT! $1 cheese slices from 12-2. let's go!, alright here we go.... LIKE this status (and our page) for another chance at a $10 gift card to Antonio's!, our goal is to serve you the best pizza you've ever had, and will ever have. always remember that!, 8000 likes! THANK YOU EVERYONE! Should we do another giftcard giveaway today?, Guacamole specials today 
A veggie choice and and steak and guacamole choice... These are so delicious....., Specials of the day..
ATOMIC SPINACH
Spicy chicken,sautéed spinach,jelapenos and blue cheese...
SELENA
Fresh mozz,portabella mushroom,sun-dried tomato and fresh basil......, like this status to be entered to win a $10 gift card at Antonio's! Ready, set.... GO!, you asked for it, you got it. this time, we are giving away TWO $10 giftcards to Antonio's. tell us why you are the biggest Antonio's fan.. most creative comment wins! LET'S GO!, free giftcard anyone? 200 likes and we'll do another giveaway ;), Specials of the day...
Macaroni,Alfredo,broccoli topped with cheddar cheese..
Penne parm-- chicken parm,our special pasta sauce,penne pasta,ricotta cheese and fresh parsley...., Specials of the day..
The BOMB..fresh sautéed spinach,portabella mushroom,
R.R.pepper and feta cheese.
STEAK BOMB....grilled angus steak,roasted peppers,roni and red onion...., List top 5 selling slices and win an Antonios t-shirt...contest ends tuesday.., Any ideas for this weeks daily slices of the day...what would you like to see this week..., Today's specials: Meatball Parmesan and Spinach Ricotta Pie!, GIFT CARD GIVEAWAY TIME! Comment on this post telling us what your favorite kind of Antonio's pizza is to be entered for a $10 gift card!

Also, from 12-2am tonight we are having $1 cheese slices, our famous "hot cheese up front". Mention this post and get a FREE surprise from us, see ya soon!, shall we do another gift card giveaway today?, from 12-2am tonight, we are having $1 slices of cheese pizza, "hot cheese up front". mention this post when you come in and get a FREE surprise!, FIRST GIVEAWAY: $10 gift certificate to Antonio's. Simply SHARE (make your share public so we can see who shared it) and LIKE this post. 

a random winner will have the gift card with his/her name at the cashier. goodluck :), let's see some thumbs up... 100 likes and we'll do our first gift card giveaway!, anyone interested in some FREE antonio's pizza? stay tuned  for some gift card giveaways... starting tonight ;), Three apples changed this world. The first was the one that Eve ate, the second was the one that fell on Newton’s head & the third is the one that Steve Jobs built. RIP Steve Jobs- a True Genius, Hot cheese up front tonight! Fresh, hot, cheese pizza only for $1! From 12-2am. COME GET SOME!, Welcome back students!  EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT from 12-2am we will be having $1.00 cheese slices... come get some!, hope everyone's having an awesome summer!, Vote for Antonio's -Pizza by the Slice- in Amherst for the best pizza in the valley at  www.valleyadvocate.com, going on 20 years. We need your vote! Voting ends noon February 9th, so go spread the word! THANKS!, Vote for Antonio's -Pizza by the Slice-  in Amherst for the best pizza in the valley at www.valleyadvocate.com, going on 20 years. We need your vote! Voting ends noon February 9th, so go spread the word! THANKS!, Welcome back students! We are starting up "HOT CHEESE UP FRONT" for only a dollar ($1) every Friday night from 12-2AM!, Happy New Years Eve!, Vote Antonio's Pizza the best pizza in the USA! Give us your vote by going to the link below! Thanks!, stop in today and enjoy some ANTONIO's pizza!, Happy MLK Day!, First snow storm is tomorrow!, has the Best Pizza...in the World?, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQC1j5_Zd1A, Believe it or not, Americans eat 100 acres of pizza a day, HAS 4000 FANS! THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT!, is approaching 4000 fans!, is loving the beautiful weather., now has 3000 fans!, is wondering, what is your favorite pizza?, finally has a fan page!!)