List(The Boston Marathon is almost here! Host your fundraiser with us, steps from the finish line., Spring is in the air! Freshen up your palate with our Pan Seared Faroe Islands Salmon!, Picked a date for your big day? Take a look at our wedding capabilities., Happy Easter from City Table!, May will be here before you know it. Start planning your graduation party or celebratory dinner with us., Have you taken a look at our Easter specials yet?, The new face of Winesdays at City Table! Come say hi to Sergio behind the bar!, Easter is this weekend! Check out our specials at bit.ly/cteaster16, Going for a Meatless Monday? Our Butternut Squash Gnocchi is a fan favorite., Welcome back, Spring!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from City Table! Stop in for some corned beef & cabbage!, Try our PBR cajun marinated shrimp & cheesy grits for dinner., We love this shot of our dessert selection by Chef Wimes!, Tonight's special: Grilled Branzino served with Confit Fingerling Potatoes and Sautéed Asparagus Tips and finished with a buerre sauce. Garnished with Fresh Couscous, Parsley, Tomato and Onion, You can't go wrong with tacos., Join us for brunch? Every Saturday & Sunday 7am-2pm!, Our filet is rubbed with espresso and served with whipped sweet potato and sauteed rapini., Indulge your sweet tooth with our red velvet cake., We're participating in Dine Out week! Make your reservations., Avocado toast anyone? - Thick sliced grilled bread with creamy avocado, sweet honey, chili flakes, and a fried egg., Did someone say short-rib spring rolls?, We love this shot of our Seared Ahi Tuna dish from our new menu shoot!, Chef appreciation post featuring one of our sous chefs, Melvin!, You deserve a night out., Our friends at Anthem Kitchen are hosting a special pop-up brunch this Sunday dedicated to Eggs Benedict and Beignets!, Happy Valentines Day from City Table! Check out our dinner specials., Thank you for the V-day brunch love, Boston Magazine <3 <3 <3, The Boston Marathon is 65 days away! Plan your fundraising event next to the finish line!, null, Spring is in the air—and so is wedding season! Learn more about our private events capabilities at citytableboston.com, Celebrate your Valentine all weekend long with our brunch & dinner specials., For tonight's dinner special: Pan Seared Cod Loin and White Wine Butter, paired with a Tabouli Salad., Nothing quite like a fine glass of scotch., Win a stay at the Lenox Hotel & join us for dinner through Flutter. http://bit.ly/20lNV4E, Wintry weather calls for comfort food. We're thinking the Jerk Chicken Macaroni & Cheese will do the job., Join us for brunch Saturdays and Sundays 7am-2pm!, New menu photo shoot! We can't wait to show you guys what we're cooking!, Tonight's specials: Pan Fried Crab Cake with a Shredded Red Cbbage Salad and Rigatoni Bolognese with Manchego Cheese and Black Truffles, Wine down Wednesday., We love this feature in Boston Magazine's round up of Valentine's Specials. Make your reservations now!, Have you made plans for Valentine's Day yet? Check out our specials & make your reservations!, We bet you've never had s'mores like this before., We're so excited for the new menu! Check it out at citytableboston.com, Our new menu is launching today! Come in for dinner and see this season's new offerings., Love these dishes? Come in tonight for one last taste before we welcome our new menu tomorrow!, Chef Wimes in the kitchen prepping for the new menu! We're so excited to launch soon!, Half way to the weekend., Stop in to try tonight's specials: Jerk Chicken Macaroni & Cheese and Pan Seared Scallops with Broccoli Rabe, Happy New Year from City Table!, Dress up your champagne for New Years! Thanks Boston.com for this awesome video featuring items from our drink menu., Perfect for catching up with old friends., Sick of leftovers? Join us for dinner., Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays from City Table! We are closed today and will re-open tomorrow with regular hours., We will not be open tonight or tomorrow. Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday!, Last minute shopping is a cinch with our virtual gift cards. Delivered in time for Christmas., Holidays can be hard work! Treat yourself, Chef Wimes getting in the holiday spirit!, You can’t wrap a glass of wine & a great night out, but you can give a City Table gift card., Carrot Cake anyone?, We are closed for dinner today due to a private event. We are sorry for the inconvenience, please visit our friends at Solas., Unfortunately we will be closed tomorrow for dinner due to a private event. We apologize for the inconvenience and encourage you to visit our friends at Solas., Hope to see you there!, We're looking for hosts! To apply, please visit: bit.ly/citytablejobs, null, We are closed tonight for a private event. We encourage you to visit our friends at Solas, We will be closed tomorrow evening due to a private event but our friends at Solas are happy to accommodate you!, Huge congratulations to our beloved staff member Eduardo, who is getting married today. We are so happy for you!, The 50 on Fire awards are announced December 3rd. Our own Adam Wimes is a finalist--Check it out in this article by Bostinno., There's nothing like a good meal. Give a City Table gift card this season. http://bit.ly/citygiftcard, Staying in Boston for Thanksgiving? Have dinner with us! Check the menu @ bit.ly/CTthanks, Grilled skirt steak, parmesan truffle fries & house made steak sauce, Holiday season is here! Plan your company’s event with us., Featuring tonight: pan roasted halibut served over seafood paella with a saffron tomato broth. Join us for dinner?, Couldn't be more proud of our very own, Elvis Martinez - nominee for the Massachusetts Restaurant Association Stars of the Industry 2015 Prep Cook of the Year! 

Good luck, Elvis, Pan seared duck breast with baby bok choy, ginger pomegranate sauce, toasted sesame & lentils., Tonight's special: grilled lobster tail with herb risotto, grilled asparagus, and a lobster cream sauce., Start your meal with a variety of artisanal cheeses and toasts, served with tomato jam & roof top honey., Get out of bed for day of the dead & join us for breakfast!, Happy Halloween from City Table!, Our staff is doing a whiskey tasting today for the upcoming season! Delicious things in the works!, We’re thinking sliders tonight., Perfectly seared filet mignon, whipped potatoes, crispy onion strings, and bacon wrapped asparagus with a red wine demi-glace, We do brunch!, Nothing like a bowl of rich lobster bisque to warm up a crisp fall day, Yesterday our chef, Adam Wimes, was honored by the City Council for his recent achievements and community work as a Madison Park graduate! You go, Adam!, We know how to do dessert., Braised lamb, chanterelle mushrooms, and creamy ricotta with tagliatelle pasta, Big congratulations to our Chef, Adam Wimes for being a finalist for Boston's 50 on Fire award! Great job Adam!

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/all-series/announcing-this-years-50-on-fire-finalists/, Sometimes all you need is a good burger and a cold beer., Here’s to you., Drop in for a quick bite and try our home made chips and French onion dip., Planning your company outing in Boston? Consider City Table for your event., Something sweet to get you through the week, See you at brunch?, Soft, chewy pretzels with a warm IPA cheddar dipping sauce and fresh scallions, Get it while you still can!, We throw a great party-- Host your holiday event with us., Our friends at Gather are holding the ultimate brunch showdown on Oct. 10! Info @ bit.ly/brunchbattle, Our Crystal Valley Chicken won’t leave you hungry w ½ a roast chicken atop whipped truffle potatoes, wild mushrooms, and a lemon demi-glace, Shrimp, chicken, chorizo, and carolina rice in our savory City Table Jambalaya, Come visit us on October 4th at the Lenox Hotel Wedding Showcase!, Lazy Sunday? Let us take care of breakfast., Special event coming up? Inquire about our private function capabilities., You can always count on us for fresh, seasonal dishes, null, It’s National Wine Week! Cheers!, Don't eat meat? Don't worry! We've got plenty of great vegetarian options: bit.ly/CTveg. Here's our house made veggie burger., We love this article and are so excited to welcome Adam Wimes as our new executive chef! 

http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2015/09/11/best-young-boston-chefs-adam-wimes-the-lenox-hotel/, Looking for somewhere to skip the football crowd? Relax here with a cold beer and a quiet dinner., Apparently it's "National I Love Food Day" but you know that's every day for us., Brunch lovers rejoice! The ultimate brunch showdown is happening in Boston next month. Info @ bit.ly/brunchbattle, Looking for a job in the restaurant / hospitality industry? Come see us on Wednesday at the Briar Group Job Fair at District Hall. Info at: bit.ly/BGjobfair15, Go ahead and order another one. It’s Saturday., We're excited to share pictures from our recent photoshoot of the 2015 summer menu, Very sad to say goodbye to our executive chef, Sean MacAlpine today, but wishing him a bright and exciting future! Stop in and wish him farewell!, Our friends at MJ O'Connor's Waterfront are hosting the 3rd Annual Bombshells Against Breast Cancer fundraiser tonight! For tickets and information, please visit bit.ly/bombshells15, Live in Boston & looking for a job? Visit us on 9/2 at the Briar Group job fair! RSVP @ bit.ly/BGjobfair15, The weekend isn't over yet., Looking for a job? Visit us on Wednesday, September 2nd from 3-7 pm at the Briar Group job fair! For more information, visit bit.ly/BGjobfair15, Classic. Comfort. Delicious., Our friends at MJ O'Connor's Waterfront are hosting the 3rd Annual Bombshells Against Breast Cancer on August 26th to benefit The Ellie Fund. For tickets and more information, please visit  bit.ly/bombshells15, Enjoy a 3 course meal for $33 at City Table as part of Dine Out Boston. To view our menu, visit http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#dine-out-boston, One word: Brunch., These are just a few of the items we're featuring on our Dine Out Boston menu. Preview it at:http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#dine-out-boston, We've update our menu! Take a look: http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#dinner, Boston will always be our favorite, but we do love a good Manhattan, Today's specials: avocado toast, pan seared halibut, and griddles lobstah roll, Try our Seared Faroe Islands Salmon for dinner tonight. Served with a risotto cake, sauteed chard, and mustard beurre blanc., Treat yourself to something decadent today., Looking for somewhere to relax and watch the game tonight? Join us for dinner and watch the USA team face-off with Japan in the FIFA World Cup Finals at 7 pm., Happy Memorial Day

We'll be closed tonight, but please visit our friends & neighbors at City Bar & Solas - maybe buy a drink for a veteran or in memory of those we've lost while serving our country, It's a boy! 

When you see this guy around, be sure to congratulate him on the birth of his beautiful baby boy Sergio Jr.!, Enjoy one our favorites tonight - Sashimi Tuna Spring Rolls! 

with avocado mousse, sweet soy & ginger sauce, Happy Mother's Day!!, Romaine, feta, olives, grilled corn, bacon, grape tomatoes, dijon vinaigrette... must be a City Table Chopped!!, Celebrate Cinco de mayo with our Taco Duo! 

Grilled skirt steak taco, avocado mousse, pico de gallo & crispy chicken taco, corn salsa, lime creama, Mother's Day is next Sunday, May 10 

Have you made your brunch reservations yet? 
http://www.citytableboston.com/, Pan Roasted Center Cut Pork Chop & red wine... because it's Friday!, Cheers to Saturday night done right., Despite the bad weather, we hope everyone had a great time enjoying the race!, We're the perfect place to be before, during or after the Boston Marathon! We'll be open all day & we're just steps from the finish line! 

We hope to see you tomorrow!!, Clearly @nickelcaliumoxide on Instagram knows how to brunch..., Warm weather pairs well with cocktails! Happy Saturday!, Sometimes a burger & beer are just what you need on a Friday night, National Eggs Benedict Day is approved by our team!!, #OneBostonDay: a day for remembrance & acts of kindness. What will you do today?

#BostonStrong, We're honored to be a part of this great cause again! 

Get your tickets now for the the 28th Annual Beyond the Shelter Gala to benefit Friends of Boston's Homeless - and be sure to stop by our table!, Saturday night dinner plans:

Pan Seared Duck Breast with baby bok choy, ginger pomegranate sauce, toasted sesame, & lentils, We're closed tonight for a private event, sorry for the inconvenience. 

But our friends & neighbors at City Bar & Solas are happy to see you!, Making your weekend brunch planning easy..., Cheers to Thursday night!, Our seared ahi tuna is the perfect healthy dinner option!, Happy Easter!! We hope to see you today for brunch! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#easter-specials, Awesome job buddy!! We are so proud of you!, We're more than just strong coffee...

When Gaby Duluc's not serving you breakfast he's training - best of luck in your Vegas boxing match tonight, Gaby!, Our goat cheese stuffed portabella is seriously amazing..., Cheese plates pair well with Wednesday nights!, Spend Easter with us! We'll be offering a special Easter menu along with our usual brunch menu! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#easter-specials, Sunday brunchin! 

Thank you Boston Foodies for the photo!, Already dreaming of weekend brunchin! 

If our croissant french toast looks good to you, you can enjoy them at our Easter brunch! Make your reservations here - http://www.citytableboston.com/contact, Think about hosting your next private event with us! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/events, Good looking Saturday! 

Thank you cama_soho on Instagram for the photo!, Happy first day of spring everyone!, We're all Irish today! 

Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Sunday vibes, Good looking Friday evening spot, Perfect Wine Wednesday!, null, Our #DineOutBoston menu includes our chocolate cake & gives you a reason to indulge tonight!, Diamond Jim's night 1 was a success!! 

#ReturnofDiamondJims 
https://vimeo.com/121542209, Get your vocal chords ready because tonight's the resurrection of Diamond Jim's piano bar!! http://www.citytableboston.com/diamond-jims-night, Who's ready for tonight?! 

#ReturnOfDiamondJims, What songs are you going to request this weekend at Diamond Jim's? Here's a list of the most popular piano bar songs to get you brainstorming! http://www.musicianwages.com/top-100-piano-bar-songs/, Need more of an incentive to come visit Diamond Jim's resurrection this weekend? Check out the specialty menu being offered - http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#diamond-jims, You won't want to miss out on our specials being served at Diamond Jim's this weekend! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#diamond-jims, This could be your 3 course meal tonight...

#DineOutBoston, null, Where will you be this weekend? We know where you should be... http://www.citytableboston.com/diamond-jims-night, Dine Out Boston starts today and ends March 13th! 

Check out our menu & make your reservations! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#dine-out-boston, You won't want to miss the resurrection of Boston's most famed piano bar - Diamond Jim's! 

For more info & reservations visit - http://www.citytableboston.com/diamond-jims-night, Did you know that Dine Out Boston starts this Sunday, March 1st?

Check out our menu & make your reservations soon! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#dine-out-boston, Visit http://www.citytableboston.com/diamond-jims-night for more details and to make reservations!, You deserve a glass (or two) tonight!, There's no better way to keep warm while celebrating #WineWednesday!, Long before City Table moved into The Lenox Hotel, there was Boston's most famous piano bar Diamond Jim's... And we are bringing it back for just one weekend!

For details & reservations - http://www.citytableboston.com/diamond-jims-night, Anyone remember what this is?, Mimosas & brunch are the perfect start to a Sunday! 

Thank you to Lisa627 on Instagram for the photo!, Looks like the perfect way to fight the endless cold! 

Thank you Flavia Rebecchi on Instagram for the great photo!, Looks like a great start to the weekend!

Photo: howlinlamb on Instagram, Did you know today is Drink Wine Day?

We're celebrating accordingly..., Didn't make it out for Valentine's Day due to the overwhelming amount of snow & transportation dilemmas?! 

You're not alone - and that's why Governor Baker proclaimed this week Valentine's Week!

In accordance, we're also participating in the #DigOutDineOut movement to help local businesses & restaurants! So get out of your apartment, celebrate Valentine's Day & join us for dinner!

Tonight's Specials:
Leek & Asparagus Soup 
served with a fried oyster & sliced black truffle

Grilled Red Snapper 
served with coconut sticky rice, tomatillo & grilled pineapple salsa, It's Soup Sunday again!! This week's Soup Sunday is Jambalaya! Come warm up with us & a bowl of homemade soup!, We hope to see you tonight for Valentine's Day!, Our pork chop & bottle of wine are just what this Thursday night needs!, Beautiful set up for a wedding reception we hosted!

Think about hosting your wedding reception, bridal shower, or engagement party with us this wedding season! http://www.citytableboston.com/events, Don't worry about shoveling, come have a cocktail with us!, Despite all this snow, we are open & will be more than happy to see you! Come warm up with us!, Today is Soup Sunday here at City Table! What is Soup Sunday, you may ask? Every Sunday our Chef Francisco creates a different homemade soup with leftover, fresh ingredients from the weekend. It's not on the menu because it's different every Sunday! Try it out today!, Hello Sunday morning!, Valentine's Day is just a week away!

Check out our Valentine's Day specials that we'll be offering all weekend long and reserve your table soon! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#valentines-day, Cheers to the weekend!, Perfect #WineWednesday!, Valentine's Day is just over a week away! We have Valentine's Day specials from Friday until Sunday to make it a weekend full of love! 

Check out our specials & make your reservations soon! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#valentines-day, If you can get here safely, join us for dinner & cocktails! We'll be open!!, Wishing our New England Patriots good luck tonight in the Super Bowl!, Valentine's Day is almost here! 

We have a special Valentine's Day menu that we are offering throughout the weekend! Check it out & make your reservations soon! 
http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#valentines-day, The way everyone's Saturday morning should look!

(Thank you @amybreckenridge on Instagram for the photo!), Why not make tonight a ladies' night?!, If you're dining with us on Super Bowl Sunday, but don't want to miss any of the game...no need to worry! We have TVs!, Cocktails are in order after making it through the #blizzardof2015!, Ready to venture out into Juno?!

If you can walk here safely, we'll be open & ready for you with some well deserved cocktails!!, Starting Friday night off right!, Are you starting to make your Valentine's Day plans? We have a special menu being served throughout Valentine's weekend! Check it out and make your reservations soon! http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#valentines-day, You know what this means... pork & charcuterie specials coming soon!!, Saturday night date night?, Cheers to the weekend!, Happy #winesday!, Let us cook for you tonight!, null, Our cure for the Mondays, Saturday night made better by our Gnocchi Bolognese made with fresh potato gnocchi, veal, pork & beef bolognese, and sliced truffles, Our brunch is the perfect New Year's Eve hangover cure!, Our chef Sean MacAlpine's New Year's Resolution for in the kitchen in 2015. http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/12/30/boston-chefs-new-years-resolutions/, Wishing you a safe & happy holiday!!, Finish your holiday shopping right now - get instant gift cards at http://bit.ly/CityTableGiftCards!!, Give the gift of food & drink - give them gift cards!!, Great job capturing the (extra) warm feeling around here during the holidays, The Lenox Hotel!, Moscow Mule Monday... it's definitely a real thing!! 

Instagram photo credit @samdil, Warm up with White Bean & Chorizo Soup with a soft poached egg & truffle oil, Luncheons make great holiday parties!!, Happy Thanksgiving!

We're open from 12-10pm & offering our full menu, plus holiday specials!, We're open tomorrow with our full menu, plus Thanksgiving Day Specials!! 

Make your reservations now, http://bit.ly/CityTableThanks, Thanksgiving reservations are still available, but going fast! 

Make yours now & view our special menu (full menu will also be available!), http://bit.ly/CityTableThanks, Celebrate Thanksgiving with us!! 

Make your reservations now, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#thanksgiving, Have Thanksgiving Dinner with us! 

We're open & offering our full menu, plus holiday specials! 

View our menu & make your reservations, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/menus#thanksgiving, Dining Playbook's 'VIP Seat' send two diners to have dinner with us - see what they had to say, Tonight's Specials: Tuna Tartare with watermelon, chopped peanuts, cilantro, grapefruit & rum glaze 

Grilled Split Lobster with mushroom risotto & lobster sauce (not pictured), We are happy to be a pie baker again this year for Community Servings Pie in the Sky fundraiser! With every pie purchased, the proceeds will go towards helping provide meals and nutrition to the critically ill and homebound in Massachusetts. Buy a pie here - http://bit.ly/buyapie, We had a great time at the Dining Playbook Gala to benefit Rosie's Place last night!, Good morning, it's mimosa time!! 

Photo credit @kegaffney, We're starting to get into the holiday spirit! Join us tonight to try this delicious, holiday-treat inspired drink!

Chocolate coconut macaroon - vodka, godiva chocolate liquor, chocolate shavings, Try something new tonight, like our Pan Seared Duck Breast with baby bok choy, ginger pomegranate sauce, toasted sesame & lentils, We're so proud to participate in the Dining Playbook Gala to support Rosie's Place!  

Get more info & your tickets below, New menu item that will warm you up on a rainy evening, Gnocchi Bolognese ... fresh potato gnocchi, veal, pork & beef bolognese with sliced truffles, New menu preview...

Look for new & old favorites starting tomorrow!!, Moons out, time for a Belgium Moon...Stoli Vanil Vodka, sweet tea vodka, Blue Moon, simple syrup & lemon juice!, Tonight's Specials: Open Faced Turkey Sandwich, Goat Cheese Stuffed Portobello & Whole Crispy Snapper, Beautiful set up for an event in our private dining room!, Go meatless this Monday with our Veggie Burger!, In case you need another reason to get out of the office..., Start tonight's meal with Tuna Tartare!, Let the long weekend begin!! 

Photo credit @katsa06, Share a cheese plate with someone you love!, It's Monday, of course you don't feel like cooking! 

Come in & let us make you Herb Roasted Halibut with cherry tomatoes, littleneck clams, orzo & beurre blanc, Our friends & neighbors at Solas launched their new menu today - stop by for your old favorites & to find new ones!!, It may be fall, but it's feeling like summer... so drink like it!! 

Cheers, to this beautiful weather!!, Trio of Spreads with a glass of wine... perfect way to end this Tuesday, Get your shoes on, it's time for Sunday Brunch!! 

Photo credit @christinajerney, Gluten Free Breakfast time... enjoy Duck Confit Hash!!  

Photo credit @glutenfree_boston, Apparently it's National Cheeseburger Day... good thing we're always prepared!!, It's still summer, so bring on the Fried Ipswich Clams!!, We're closed tonight for a private function. 
Sorry for any inconvenience. 

Come see us tomorrow & visit our friends at Solas or City Bar for dinner & drinks tonight!!, This is how we spent our day... , This beauty tastes even better than it looks! 

House Pulled Mozzarella.. marinated tomatoes, arugula, spanish olive oil & sherry vinegar, Clearly, @Kbflaherty knows how to brunch!!, Drinks for dessert!

Key Lime Pie & Chocolate Coconut Macaroon Martinis!!, null, Perfect night for Gazpacho!, A little Tuna Tartare to kick off the holiday weekend!, Tomorrow is your last chance to join us for Dine Out Boston!

Make your reservations now!, Looking for a new wine to try?!

We love this Corvidae Mirth Chardonnay ... goes great with the hot weather!!, Dine Out Boston continues!! 

Take advantage & make your reservations!!, Good morning, time to rise & shine!! 

Photo credit, @aabbyylou, This beauty is what happens when you cross a Key Lime Pie with a martini! 

...stoli vanil, lime juice, pineapple juice, milk, graham cracker crust, Celebrate this beautiful day with Honey Boo Boo 

... bulleit bourbon, fireball whiskey, rooftop honey, ginger ale, ginger syrup, Dine Out Boston is perfect for Ladies Nights!!

View our menu & make your reservations now, http://bit.ly/1nX6pV4, Congrats to our very own Gabby Duluc for winning his fight in Vegas tonight !! We are all so proud of you!, Dine Out Boston starts on Sunday! 

View our menu & make your reservations now, 
http://bit.ly/OurDineOutMenu

And check out our new cocktail menu while you're there,  
http://bit.ly/NewCocktailMenu, null, Enjoy dessert before dinner!! 

Chocolate Coconut Macaroon... vodka, godiva chocolate liquor & chocolate shavings, Visit our Pan Roasted Free Range Chicken during Dine Out Boston! 

...served with olive and caper quinoa, wild mushrooms, roasted garlic sauce

http://bit.ly/DineOutMenu, We've been hard at work on our new cocktail menu and it's finally here! 

NEW!
Chocolate Coconut Macaroon Martini: vodka, Godiva Chocolate Liquor, chocolate shavings

Bitter Heart: Cointreau, Fernet, Campari, simple syrup

Belgium Moon: Stoli Vanil, sweet tea vodka, Blue Moon, simple syrup, lemon juice

Degan: Jameson Whiskey, ginger beer, mint, lime juice

Honey Boo Boo: Bulleit Bourbon, Fireball Whiskey, rooftop honey, ginger ale, ginger syrup 

Aviation: Bombay Gin, crème de voilete, Luxardo, lemon juice, Another selection from our Dine Out Boston menu: Steak Frites! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/menus, In case you missed Chef Sean MacAlpine on Dining Playbook this weekend, here he is! 

It's not to early for those Sashimi Tuna Spring Rolls, right?! , We just found out today is International Beer Day... good thing we're prepared!, Buttermilk Fried Chicken Drumettes on our Dine Out Boston menu!! 

See what other items are available & make your reservation now, 
http://bit.ly/CityTableDineOut, It's almost time for Dine Out Boston!! 

View our special menu & make your reservation here, 
http://bit.ly/CityTableDineOut, Love those bees... and not just because they provide us with the key ingredient to our Queen Bee cocktail! 

...hendrick’s gin, mint green tea, golden rule honey and lemon, Your table is ready! We'll see you for dinner!, End the day with a China Rose 

hendrick's gin, st. germain, rosemary, grapefruit syrup + lemon juice, How about some bubbles on this lovely Tuesday evening?! 

Photo credit to @messypainter, It's always a good morning with coffee & mimosas!, Close out the work week with a burger & beer for dinner - you deserve it!, Have you tried our Lamb Sirloin?!

with Greek yogurt & herb marinade, new potatoes, roasted cauliflower & spring garlic aioli, It's never too early to think about brunch!!, Little known fact, we have TV's!

Watch the second half of Netherlands vs Argentina with us over dinner & drinks!, Don't feel like cooking after the holiday weekend - let us!, Celebrate the 4th with us, and cocktails of course!!

We'll be open tonight with normal hours, Fireworks, Fried Clams & Beer... what could be more American?!

Have a happy & safe holiday!!, How about Pan Roasted Free Range Chicken for dinner tonight?, Friday nights pair well with cheese plates, wine & friends!, null, It's quittin time!, New Menu Item! 

Seared Ahi Tuna - spicy somen noodles, snow peas, house made hoisin, null, USA vs Ghana & a cocktail - sounds like a perfect Monday!, Sometimes you just need a burger., Try something light tonight, like our House Pulled Mozzarella 

marinated tomatoes, arugula, spanish olive oil, sherry vinegar, We're in the mood for some tuna tartare tonight., New! 

Pan Roasted Free Range Chicken 

olive & caper quinoa, wild mushrooms, roasted garlic sauce, New! 

Marinated Lamb Sirloin  

greek yogurt & herb marinade, new potatoes, roasted cauliflower, spring garlic aioli, New! 

Buttermilk Fried Chicken Drumettes

spiced honey, arugula, hot mustard dip, Our new menu starts this evening!

We hope to see you for dinner! , Happy Birthday Chef Sean MacAlpine!!!, null, Cheers to a 3 day weekend!, Take your pick:, Local Cod 

pan roasted cod, wellfleet clams with pancetta, braised white beans, shellfish broth, What are you having for dinner? 

How about our Seared Ahi Tuna:, In the mood for a cocktail? 

Try our kentucky flu - makers mark, licor 43, citrus juices, Start off the evening with our Sashimi Tuna Spring Rolls - 

napa cabbage, avocado, sweet chili aioli, Take a look at our new website! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/, Treat yourself to something sweet tonight!

We suggest our Traditional Crème Brûlée with lemon butter cookies., Have a lovely Friday!, Our table is now set!, Your table is ready!, Happy Cinco de Mayo!  

Enjoy Chicken Tacos for dinner tonight! 

(mint pico de gallo, grilled corn salsa, lime crema), 5 o'clock - it's cocktail time!, Brendan's back! 

Pay him a visit tonight!, Celebrate Taco Tuesday with our Chicken Tacos! 

mint pico de gallo, grilled corn salsa, lime crema, Grab a light dinner tonight!

Kale Salad- mango, almonds, lemon, olive oil vinaigrette, Watch the action, close to the action - we're open all day!!, Did you see us on NESN's Wicked Bites this morning?!

Great job, Chef Sean MacAlpine!, We're opening our doors at 6:30am on Marathon Monday and keeping them open until 11pm!!, "So thank you Boston. Thank you for being there for me. Thank you for kicking ass. Thank you for proving that nothing will ever stop us from being who we are. Like Papi said, this is our city, and I’m proud to be a part of it."

- Jeff Bauman

Thank you, Jeff! Very well said! Boston Strong. 
, null, Thank you to everyone who joined us at the 2014 Community Servings' Mustachio Bashio! 

The room was full of fantastic & generous 'staches!!, Thanks Thrillist Boston for listing us on your '5 Late-Nite Menus You Should Try This Weekend' , Happy National Beer Day!!, We're proud & excited to be participating in the 27th Annual Beyond the Shelter, a benefit for Friends of Boston's Homeless, this Thursday, April 10!  

Join us in the fight to end homelessness in Boston and buy your gala tickets today, http://bit.ly/QPBIZK, Chef Sean MacAlpine is comfortable in the kitchen & in front of the camera! 

Today's shoot: Wicked Bites on NECN, Couldn't ask for a better Opening Day... let's go Sox!!, Thank you to everyone who joined us at the Mustachio Bashio last night & congratulations to Community Servings for another great event!!, Sox Opening Day & the Mustachio Bashio, back to back... not a bad way to start the week!! 

Tickets still available for Community Servings's Mustachio Bashio, 
http://bit.ly/MIHcm6

Let's go Sox!!, Congratulations!! , Looking good!! , Little known mustache facts in honor of Community Servings' Mustachio Bashio next week!! 

Donate $50 to the grower of your choice (we recommend Nick Ruggiero or Carl Boren) for your party invite! 
http://bit.ly/MIHcm6, Roasted Squash and Tomatillo Soup with crispy coriander seeds & lime confit

Try it during Dine Out Boston Week!!, Sunday brunch just may be our favorite time of the week., Cheers to the weekend! 

(Photo via @riffeasiknowit), Good morning & Happy First Day of Spring!!, It's almost time for one of our favorite events, The Mustachio Bashio!! 

Sponsor a 'stache & get your party invite here,
http://bit.ly/MIHcm6

And check out some pictures from last years event..., It's St. Patrick's Day weekend in Boston... if you haven'd had your Corned Beef & Cabbage yet visit our friends at Solas!, It's almost Dine Out Boston week... make your reservations now, then decide what order off our $33 three course dinner menu!! 

http://bit.ly/1gfcCJK, Beautiful day for some Grilled Snapper!! 

with coconut rice, thai red curry, honeydew & grilled corn salsa, It's almost Dine Out Boston Week (formally Restaurant Week)!

With a new name comes different prices & format - view our $33 Dinner Menu & make your reservations NOW! 

http://bit.ly/1gfcCJK, Haven't been here in a while.. forget what we look like?! 

Take a virtual tour,

http://bit.ly/1gdota8, Kale Salad... mango, almonds, lemon + olive oil vinaigrette

Oh yeah, it's on our Dine Out Boston Week menu! 

See what else is and make your reservations now, 
http://bit.ly/1gfcCJK, Celebrate the 'stache and help feed families in need! 

Sponsor a 'stache: http://bit.ly/MIHcm6

Buy tickets for the Mustachio Bashio: http://bit.ly/1fCp6Je, Trio of Spreads - try it tonight or during Dine Out Boston Week! 

http://bit.ly/1gfcCJK, Skillet Roasted Chicken is on our Dine Out Boston Week menu!! 

... roasted chicken breast, braised thigh, barley risotto, black kale & saffron miso

See what else we're featuring & make your reservations now
http://bit.ly/1gfcCJK, null, Restaurant Week is now Dine Out Boston! 

We're thrilled to be participating and have put together a fantastic 
menu!

Take a peek, http://bit.ly/1gfcCJK, There's still time to sign up as a mustache grower to benefit Community Servings! 

It's simple! Start clean-shaven TOMORROW, then let your face do the work while you collect donations from friends & family - and of course party with us April 1 at the Mustachio Bashio!   , Didn't get to spend Valentine's Night with us & try our wonderful specials?!

No worries, they're available all weekend! , How ever you're spending this Valentine's Day, we hope it's a happy one!, Charge your phone while you wine & dine!! 

Thanks for the addition The Lenox Hotel - Boston!!, Hey fellas - grow the stach of your dreams while helping Community Servings feed Boston families in need! 

Details & sign up's here:  
http://bit.ly/1ohntZx, Valentine's Day is this Friday - make your reservations now & enjoy our specials! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/, One of our favorites, Sashimi Tuna Spring Rolls 

napa cabbage, avocado, sweet chili aioli, Have you made your Valentine's Day reservations yet? 

http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, You warm up how you want,
we'll warm up how we want!, Tonight's special: Sesame Crusted Swordfish 

Pan seared + served with baby spinach, fingerling potato hash, ginger beurre blanc, That's fair. 

Show you care about Valentine's and make reservations with us,
http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Smoked Duck Breast with lentils vinaigrette, shaved brussels sprouts + romesco sauce

Just one of our Valentine's Specials!, If you order it as your meal, we won't judge!
It's that good!, Planning a wedding? 

FREE Live Band Showcase at Ned Devine's Irish Pub TONIGHT! 

Find the perfect band for your big day!, Does your Valentine have a sweet tooth? 

We've got some unique goodies on our Valentine's menu they're sure to enjoy! , Start your Valentine's dinner with Champagne Poached Oysters 

... served chilled in the shell with grapefruit, fennel pollen, pickled jalapeno, A new favorite! 

tenuta di arceno chianti classic, Amazing! We live in a fantastic city!, Worth braving the cold for!

Grilled Colorado lamb t-bones, crispy eggplant, patty pan squash, caper agro-dolce, red wine gastrique, While you hunker down at home & wait for the storm, check out our Valentine's Day menu and make your reservations!

Your significant other will thank you!, Remember the meaning of this day. 
Happy MLK Day., Hello Gorgeous! 

The Cool Hand Cuke... rain cucumber & lime vodka, blackberries + lemon, Make it a Taco Tuesday!

Crispy Chicken Tacos... mint pico de gallo, grilled corn salsa, lime crema, How to turn a would-be tragic moment into victory! 
Cheers! , Treat yourself to Tuna Tartare!!

Ahi tuna, grilled avocado half, toasted sesame cracker, hoisin glaze, Today's Soup of the Day is French Onion 

Can't imagine a better way to warm up!, Who doesn't love a good cheese plate??, The snow stopped, the sun came out, and hopefully you dug your car out!

Time to celebrate! We are open!, The snow keeps falling, but if you can make it here safely we'll help you warm up!, null, We hope to ring in the new year with you! 

We'll be having dinner specials for the holiday tonight. Take a look and don't forget to make your reservations!, Take a look at our Dinner Specials for New Year's Eve!

Make your reservations today!, Wishing you a safe and happy holiday, from our family to yours!, Looking for last minute presents?

Make holiday shopping easier with City Table gift cards!, A small sampling of the toys The Briar Group collected to benefit Toys for Tots! 

Thank you to all our generous staff & guests who donated & helped make the drive a success!, Today is your last chance to donate a gift to Toys for Tots and receive a $20 gift card as our way of saying thank you!!, Gift cards make great gifts!!, Looks can be deceiving... this summery looking cocktail will warm you right up! 

Kentucky Flu, made with makers mark, licor 43 & citrus juices, Remember opening up the perfect gift as kid?! 

Help a local child in need experience that feeling this holiday season! We're happily accepting donations to benefit Toys for Tots, Our fantastic team celebrating Kaylee at last nights  Zagat 30 Under 30 Party!! 

Congrats, Kaylee, we are so proud of you!!, Congratulations to our very own Kaylee Platt for being named one of Zagat's 30 under 30!!, Malted Waffle with vanilla chantilly & fresh berries!! 

Worth getting out of bed for!, Who's feeling fancy?!, This just in... Come get it while it lasts it won't be long!!, Been curious about our Gluten Sensitive menu?! 

Check out this review from Gluten Free Boston Girl!, When you're done fighting for the best deals, come in & relax with us!! 

No one's going to steal the food off your plate here!!, We're thankful for our amazing team, our wonderful partnership with The Lenox Hotel - Boston, and of course our fantastic guests!!

Happy Thanksgiving & Happy Hanukkah!! 

We're open 12 - 10pm, How do you plan to celebrate this Thanksgiving Eve!?, Thinking you should have a salad before your Thanksgiving feast? 

Try our Kale Salad with mango, almonds, lemon & olive oil vinaigrette, Smoked Ham + Chestnut Bisque garnished with crispy cornbread & poached pear... that does not sound like a bad way to start Thanksgiving!

Make your reservations with us now, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Picking a favorite menu item is like picking a favorite child - you can't do it! 

...but the Sashimi Tuna Spring Rolls are definitely up there, Hard to believe Thanksgiving is next Thursday!!

Cut the holiday stress in half & come have dinner with us!!, Wrap up a wonderful weekend with Local Cod... pan roasted cod, wellfleet clams with pancetta, braised white beans in a shellfish broth, We'd love to have you and your family over for Thanksgiving!

View our menu & make your reservations here,, We're looking for a good host/hostess & food runner to join our team! 

If you're interested working with us stop in & ask for a manager!, A very sincere thank you to all the men & women who have served our country, and to those who continue to serve today!  

We are humbled by your dedication, admire your courage & thankful for the sacrifices you make every day!, The holidays are upon us! If your in charge of planning the office party, here are some tips on incorporating social media into the fun! 

And please think of us if you're still looking for a venue - we'd love to host you!, There's still time to reserve space for you holiday party !! 

Get started here: http://www.citytableboston.com/plan-your-event, House Made Veggie Burger... good if you're vegetarian, pescetarian or carnivore!, Have you tried our Queen Bee cocktail yet? 

it's made with only the best - including honey from our rooftop hives, hendrick’s gin, mint green tea & lemon, Polls close at 8pm!, Great quote from our GM, Brendan Griffin in yesterday Boston Herald!, Great shot of the excitement! , Kristina's here and wants you to celebrate the Sox with her... but check out the parade first!, Join us for breakfast tomorrow before the parade - we open at 7am!, Looks like Sean's beard (the rest of Red Sox Nation) paid off, the Red Sox are WORLD CHAMPIONS!!!!, Chef Sean says, let's do this Red Sox!!, It's been a long & intense few nights with the Sox - and we've got another one tomorrow! 

Relax & let us do the cooking tonight... maybe enjoy a drink or two!, It's a big day - Pats & Sox - time to fuel up!!, Comb your beard, it's almost Game Time!! Let's go Sox!! , Keep it up Sox!!, So proud of our new Chef Sean MacAlpine!!, Big congrats to Chef Dennis and the whole team at Gather - the newest member of our restaurant family, now open in the Seaport District!, How 'bout some soup?

Roasted Squash and Tomatillo Soup with crispy coriander seeds, lime confit, Let's go Sox!, Special tonight: Lobster Mac and Cheese!, We're thinking Grilled Salmon Filet with warm orzo + broccoli rabe for dinner tonight!, Made with Hendrick’s gin, mint green tea, golden rule honey + lemon, From our new menu, Local Cod

Pan roasted cod, wellfleet clams with pancetta, braised white beans in a shellfish broth, Almost a whole new menu launched for Fall yesterday! Our new City Table Chopped with feta, olives, egg, romaine, grilled corn, bacon, cherry tomatoes, dijon vinaigrette., Two (maybe) little known facts
1.) It's National Pancake Day! 
2.) We serve Buttermilk Pancakes with your choice of apple or blueberry compote almost every day for breakfast, Monday through Saturday. 

You're table is ready... for breakfast!, Pretzels with Crab + Artichoke Dip - so good!
Pretzels with Crab + Artichoke Dip and a glass of wine - perfection!, Time for brunch!, null, Another gorgeous Thursday in the city! 

How about Grilled Atlantic Salmon to go with it?, Grilled Flatbread for dinner sounds pretty good right now...  

with poached figs, shaved prosciutto, spinach, and ricotta cheese - sounds even better!, Now that was a nice weekend!, null, One of our favorite fish of the day specials: Grilled Halibut with coconut rice, red curry, and honey-mango salsa. So. Good!, Never forget., Did you miss Chef Sean on TV Diner Saturday? 

No worries, you can watch it tonight at 7:30 or with the clip below - or both!!, Welcome back, Patriots... we've missed you!! 
Go Pats!!, Good morning! Grab some coffee and watch Chef Sean teach us his tricks of the trade on TV Diner!

Not a morning person? Check it out at 7PM., Love our Heirloom Tomato and Burrata Salad? 

Tune in to TV Diner with Jenny Johnson - NECN tomorrow morning at 10 to learn Chef Sean's secret!, It's not too late for drinks with friends..., Need a salad after the long weekend? 

We suggest the Chimmi Churri Grilled Shrimp Salad!, Enjoy the day!!, Restaurant Week is officially over, but we're keeping our menu up one more day! 

Make your reservations for tonight now:  http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Zagat named our Peanut Butter and Jelly Bread Pudding one of the Most Creative Desserts in Boston!, Kick off the long weekend right!, Only a few days left in Summer Restaurant Week Boston!! 

Make your reservations TODAY http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations
And be sure to bid on the online auction, http://bit.ly/15BkbHP 
to benefit Community Work Services, A look back at the March on Washington, 50 years later., The always popular Gouda Meatballs are on our Restaurant Week menu!! 

View our full menu:
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week
Then make reservations: 
http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Restaurant Week continues this week! Try this: Vegetable Risotto with zucchini, shitake mushrooms, roasted tomato and manchego cheese.  http://bit.ly/15UzfQ4, Cheers, it's Friday!!, We're proud to support such a wonderful cause!!   , End your meal with Classic Crème Brulee!!

Part of our Restaurant Week menu, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Tonight's Dinner: 

Fried Clams with old bay tartar sauce, Grilled Skirt Steak, and Classic Crème Brulee 

... just one possibility on our Restaurant Week Boston Menu
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Happy Restaurant Week!! 

Of course we included our delicious Chocolate Cake on the menu!! 
See what else here, http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Summer is the perfect time for Steak Frites... as well as Fall, Winter + Spring!, Summer Restaurant Week kicks off this Sunday!! 

Have you made your reservations yet?, Congratulations Forum!! It's great to have you back!! , BEAUTIFUL day in the city!!, Want to enjoy our Steak Frites at home? 

You can order takeout OR follow this instructional video to learn how to make the sauce!, With Summer Restaurant Week Boston right around the corner it's time to start mapping out your game plan! 

Here's a helpful guide to get you started... but be sure you check out our menu & get your reservations soon, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Sunday Brunch Time!! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Fried Clams are on our Restaurant Week menu!! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, New England Clam Chowder with apple smoked bacon + corn fritter... worth venturing out in this rain for!, We are proud to participate in Restaurant Week August 18-31!

View our menu http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week 
And make reservations http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, A wine selection sure to please everyone!! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/wine, A helpful guide to pairing wine & food!, Fall-like Summer Days were made for Bouillabaisse

... shrimp, cod, littleneck clams, mussels, scallops, saffron tomato broth, herb risotto, Time for breakfast!! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/breakfast, Happy Weekend., Happy National IPA Day!!, Time to relax..., Taco Tuesday! An old favorite: Skirt Steak Tacos with pico de gallo, avocado mousse and warm flour tortillas., Almost time for brunch! Watch how Chef Sean makes our beautiful, buttery Griddled Croissant French Toast: http://bit.ly/18KJJ9c, Bud Lights, martinis, red wine- these guys would love to get you what you need to kick off your weekend. So, what will it be?, Wicked Local published '100 Days, 100 Lives: Months later, the attack's impact still ripples across eastern Mass' 

Our very own Brendan Griffin was included in this list. We are so proud of him and the rest of our fantastic team!!, Pan Roasted Filet of Beef with seasonal mushrooms, balsamic veal reduction, haricot vert, and whipped potatoes... yes, it's as good as it looks!!, Did you eat breakfast this morning? If not, don't worry - we're serving until 11am. , Celebrate the new Royal Baby with a Baby Wedge Salad!!

...baby iceberg, apple smoked bacon, bleu cheese, cherry tomatoes, hard cooked egg, and Thousand Island, Today is National Ice Cream Day!! 

We don't have ice cream, but we've got sorbet... that's pretty close, right?!, Breakfast Sandwich & Coffee... best way to kick off the weekend!!, Strawberry-Kiwi Martini... stolichnaya strawberi, kiwi puree, and lime juice

Worth braving the heat!!, Grilled Flatbread Pizza with poached figs, shaved prosciutto, spinach, and ricotta cheese, And for our non-meat eating friends... a House Made Veggie Burger!, Enjoy the sun without the heat!!, So refreshing!! 

Heirloom Tomato and Burrata Salad with local lettuce, crispy shallots, and a golden rule honey vinaigrette, Time for brunch!!, Almost time to kick off the weekend..., Wild Mushroom Pappardelle... madeira, butter sauce, oregano leaves, and shaved manchengo cheese... yum!, Looking for a fun, new dessert? Try our Peanut Butter & Jelly Brioche Bread Pudding with banana caramel, Crab and Artichoke Dip with Bavarian Pretzels ...delicious way to start your meal!, It's been a long Monday... let us do the cooking tonight!, Brunch anyone??, Time to think about dinner... 

How does Grilled Atlantic Salmon with english peas + pea shoots salad sound?, Perfect day for a Sautéed Crab Cake with passion fruit ensalada + red pepper remoulade!!, Not if you eat with us - we are open today!!

Have a happy & safe Independence Day!!, It's okay to have a burger & beer two days in a row..., Soon we'll be serving cocktails made with honey from our rooftop!!, Today's Special: Roasted halibut, white bean ragout, Wellfleet clams with crispy pancetta & basil oil, Cheers to Ladies Night Out!!, Kick off the weekend with a Berry Capirinha! 

...cachaca, muddled berries, lime juice, Really nice article about our amazing team!

Thanks Restaurant Hospitality Magazine, This way to a fantastic dinner..., Definitely feeling like summer today - and nothing says summer in New England like Fried Clams!!, Excited to watch our Bruins in tonight's game - last home game of the season!! 

Let's go Bruins!!, Coffee, a Bloody Mary and breakfast can fix anything! 

We're serving until 11am

http://www.citytableboston.com/breakfast, Celebrate the start of a beautiful weekend with Skirt Steak Tacos 

served with pico de gallo, avocado mousse and warm flour tortillas, We just launched a Gluten Sensitive Menu!  

http://www.citytableboston.com/gluten-sensitive-menu, Here we go Bruins!!, Sliders 3 Ways - grass fed beef, lobster salad, and pulled pork with slaw

Great way to start you meal, or enjoy as your meal!, Has a Bruins jersey ever looked so good?, Brunch reservations are still available for Dad tomorrow! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Cocktail Time!, Game Day!! , Tuna Tartare and a glass of wine... pretty great way to end the day!, Don't forget about Dad this Sunday!! 

Make Father's Day brunch or dinner reservations with us, http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, It's a beautiful day, get outside!!, So proud of our Bruins for making to the Stanley Cup Finals!!, Rainy days are perfect for soup!, Perfect day for a California Grilled Chicken Sandwich!! 

with avocado mousse, frisée, roasted roma tomato, parmesan foccacia roll and sweet potato fries, It feels so much later than Tuesday... is it 5 o'clock yet??, Our new menu just launched... but don't worry we left crowd favorites!

Warning: do not read this on an empty stomach*
http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Game One... let's do this Bruins!!, Enjoy the sun, not the heat!, Tedy Bruschi representing the Lenox! , Cool off with us!, Mmmmm Seared Ahi Tuna., null, Time for Sunday Brunch!!

http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, A Bruins victory tonight would be sweet... almost as sweet as our Chocolate 3 Layer Cake!, Cheers to the start of a 3 day weekend!, Hoping the Bruins sweep the series tonight... but if they win at home on Saturday we won't complain either!, It's a nice night for some Bouillabaisse... shrimp, cod, littleneck clams, mussels, scallops, saffron tomato broth, and herb risotto, Hoping the Bruins can make this a 3-0 lead tonight!! Let's go Bruins!!, Have you tried our Grilled Veggie Sandwich... so good! 

Zucchini, squash, roma tomatoes, portabella mushroom, fresh mozzarella, basil pesto on a torpedo roll and served with bistro fries, Let's go Bruins!!, It's not too early to think about dessert., Can we make you a P/C Southside?? 

... gin, cucumber, mint, pom & lime juice, Look at those windows... it's the next best thing to eating outside!!, We are very proud to be a part of Boston Bites Back TONIGHT - a chef-inspired event to raise over $1 million for The One Fund Boston.  

It's going to be a fantastic (and delicious!!) evening! If you're lucky enough to have tickets swing by and say 'Hello!'  

http://www.bostonbitesback.org/, Great picture of Chefs Sean and Patricio creating delicious plates at the Friends of Boston's Homeless Beyond the Shelter Benefit. 

Thank you, Tyra Bleek Photography for sharing!, Game 7 is about to start... let's go Bruins!!, Cheers to Moms!! 

Treat your Mom to our Mother's Day Specials,
http://www.citytableboston.com/mothers-day-special, Tomorrow is Mother's Day - but don't panic! 

View our specials, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/mothers-day-special

And make reservations, http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations

... a few are still available, but going fast!!, Not a bad view..., Mother's Day Idea: Beautiful flower arrangement from Exotic Flowers & brunch with us! 

Bid on this arrangement through 'Salute for our Heroes' online silent auction and help support MBTA Officer Richard Donohue and his family. 

Flower arrangement is a value of $225, the current bid is $45! Bid generously - your mom would want you to!!   

Online auction: http://www.32auctions.com/organizations/7811/auctions/8615/auction_items/180799

Special menu: http://www.citytableboston.com/mothers-day-special, Could anyone else use a drink today??, Amazing culinary lineup for Boston Bites Back - one week from TODAY!! 

Have you bought tickets yet... proceeds go to The One Fund Boston, Mother's Day is THIS Sunday!! 

View our specials, http://www.citytableboston.com/mothers-day-special

And make reservations, http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, We are flattered to participate in Boston Bites Back alongside so many other talented chef's in the city! 

See who else is participating and buy your tickets here, http://www.bostonbitesback.org/#

Help us reach the $1 million goal to benefit  The One Fund Boston, Skirt Steak Tacos, perfect way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo!

...pico de gallo, avocado mousse, warm flour tortilla, Mother's Day is next Sunday, May 12. 

Show your mom just how much you appreciate her with flowers & brunch!! 

View our specials, http://www.citytableboston.com/mothers-day-special
Make a reservation, http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Celebrate the weekend with a Mango Mule... vodka, mango puree, ginger beer, and lime juice, Mother's Day is next Sunday, May 12! 

In addition to our regular menu we'll be offering some special items for the occasion, http://www.citytableboston.com/mothers-day-special, Chef Dennis is very excited to cook up something delicious for Boston Bites Back on May 15th at Fenway Park!

Boston Bites Back is a chef-inspired event to raise over $1 million for The One Fund. Brought to you by Ming Tsai, Ken Oringer, the Boston Red Sox, Governor Patrick, Mayor Menino, and ARAMARK. 
One night only. Food from up to 100 chefs. 

For tickets & more info please visit: http://www.bostonbitesback.org/#, It's almost graduation... have you started planning your party yet?, Beautiful day's are perfect for salad!! 

Baby Wedge Salad... baby iceberg, apple smoked bacon, bleu cheese, cherry tomatoes, hard cooked egg, and Thousand Island dressing, Gouda Filled Pork Meatballs, a great way to start your meal AND your week!!, We are open for brunch and parking is FREE!! 

#BoylstonStrong #BackToBackBay

http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Tired from shopping in Back Bay all day? 

Come relax with us and enjoy some Steak Frites... and maybe a cocktail or two! 

#BoylstonStrong #BackToBackBay, Happy Friday! 

Remember FREE parking all weekend in Back Bay... be sure to take advantage and support #BoylstonStrong, Manager Brendan Griffin making us proud on WBZ | CBS Boston!! 

http://boston.cbslocal.com/2013/04/24/customers-return-to-boylston-street-businesses-after-marathon-bombings/, Great article in USA Today! , Beautiful SUNNY dining room!! 

#OpenInBoston #BackToBackBay, We really do live in an amazing city!! 

To help businesses bounce back Mayor Menino announced FREE parking in Back Bay through Sunday!!

Now get out and shop, eat, drink & spend!!  

#BostonStrong #BolystonStrong #BackToBackBay, We've missed this!!, We are #OpenInBoston!! Caitlin is here to mix up your favorite cocktail!!

Exeter St. is still blocked off around the hotel but let the officers know you are coming to visit us and they let will let you by... and be sure you thank them!!, The wait is over... our doors are opening TODAY at 4:30!!!

#BackToBackBay, After remaining closed while state & federal authorities performed their investigation on Boylston Street we are happy to announce we will open for dinner at 5PM TOMORROW!

We look forward to seeing you! 

#BostonStrong #BackToBackBay, We will remain closed today. 

We would like to mention that our friends at MJ O'Connor's are throwing a fundraiser in honor of the injured and fallen law enforcement from the Marathon Bombing. 

Help them honor, remember, and salute this Thursday. 

More info here, 
https://www.facebook.com/events/146740598840493/?ref=22, Great day to be in Boston!! We are incredibly thankful for those who protect our city!! 

In addition to thanking our men and women in uniform we would also like to thank our Briar Group family, especially Chef Sean Ryan at Ned Devine's Irish Pub, who have shown us such support and are keeping our staff & guests well fed. 

We will remain closed today. We'll keep you up to date here. 

#BostonStrong #BostonThankful, Show your support for the city we love and wear your Boston gear TOMORROW!!  

http://www.bostoneventsolutions.com/whats-new/wear-boston-day, So proud of our family at The Lenox Hotel - Boston for taking such great care of their guests during this difficult time. , We've seen some amazing acts of kindness and heroism the last few days and are incredibly thankful for all the support shown!! Thank you!!  

A special thank you to Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks, Stella Restaurant and Bar, and Smith & Wollensky Boston Steakhouse for keeping our staff & guests well fed during this difficult time., Everyone here is ok. Our hearts and prayers go out to everyone in Boston right now. Get home safe., Best way to celebrate #MarathonMonday is with a #MidnightRun cocktail, We're excited about Marathon Monday... so excited we're opening our doors at 4:30AM for a runners breakfast! 

We've also got a featured cocktail, the Midnight Run, and a pasta specials!, California Grilled Chicken Sandwich: Avocado Mousse, Frisée, Roasted Roma Tomato, on a Parmesan Foccacia Roll and served with Sweet Potato Fries 

Will be featured on our Special Marathon Monday Menu... available 11AM - 11PM, Marathon Weekend has officially begun!! 

Celebrate with a cocktail (we recommend Midnight Run) and pasta!!, Congrats to Alanna at City Bar for creating our Marathon Weekend featured cocktail, the Midnight Run!! 

...Berkshire New England Corn Whiskey, St. Germain, Lemon Juice, Lemon Bitters, Lemon/Thyme sugared rim – served down chilled

In addition to pride, Alanna will also receive a new pair of New Balance sneakers!!, Our bartenders, along with City Bar and Solas, have been busy creating fun, new cocktails for Marathon Weekend!! 

We can only feature one and need your help deciding! Voting ends TONIGHT!!!, Let someone else cook for you tonight!, Beautiful day!!, Celebrating a victory on Opening Day!!, Could brunch the best part of the weekend??

Crab Cake Benedict with hollandaise sauce & grilled asparagus, One of our favorites, Wiener Schnitzel 

... breaded veal cutlets, sautéed potatoes, fried egg, crispy capers, lemon beurre blanc, Chatham Cod... grilled corn chowder sauce, fingerling potatoes, baby carrots, Always a crowd pleaser... Tuna Tartare!!

With papaya avocado salad, citrus soy dressing, & wakame salad, Duck Confit Spring Rolls with mint peanut dipping sauce & mae ploy chile sauce. YUM!, Hard to believe but Graduation is around the corner!!

We have a beautiful private room and a delicious food & drink menu - perfect to celebrate any recent Grad! 

Visit our website to view photos, the menu and to contact us for details, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/plan-your-event, Cheers, it's Opening Day!, Thanks BostInno & everyone who joined us today!! 

http://bostinno.com/2013/03/29/2013-easter-brunches-in-boston-where-to-eat-brunch-on-easter/#ss__314918_313876_0__ss, Happy Easter!!, Sautéed Potato Pierogis... Seared Crab Cake... Grilled Lamb T-Bone Chops... and of course Mimosa & Bloody Mary's!!  

View our entire Easter Brunch menu here, http://www.citytableboston.com/easter-specials

Reservations are still available but going fast! 
http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Celebrate the weekend with a classic cocktail, like the China Rose

...Hendrick's Gin, St. Germain, Rosemary, Grapefruit Syrup, Lemon Juice, Mmmm Steak Frites... Marinated Skirt Steak, Hand Cut Bistro Fries, and a House Made Steak Sauce

Last day of Restaurant Week is tomorrow! We still have a few reservations available, but they won't last long. 

http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Vanilla Crème Brulee with Lemon Cookies

... it's one of our favorites, so we featured it on our Restaurant Week menu, http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week

If you miss us for Restaurant Week, come by for Easter Brunch! Reservations are still available, but going fast.
http://www.citytableboston.com/easter-specials, Loving this Spring-like weather... and just in time for Easter Sunday! 

Check out our special Easter brunch menu & make reservations online, http://www.citytableboston.com/easter-specials, Easter is this Sunday - impress your mom by bringing her to brunch with us! 

We put together a special menu for the occasion - and of course, mimosas will be offered!  
http://www.citytableboston.com/easter-specials, Seasonal Vegetable Risotto: Beets, Braised Radish, and Escarole

On our Restaurant Week Menu, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Time to relax.

P/C Southside: Gin, Cucumber, Mint, Pom & Lime Juice, How do you improve classic New England Clam Chowder... add Apple Smoked Bacon and Corn Fritters!!

Featured on our Restaurant Week Menu
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Gouda Filled Pork Meatball, a favorite on the menu - and featured on our Restaurant Week menu!!

http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Snow in March... *sigh* we all earned some Chocolate Cake today. 

Luckily, it's on our Restaurant Week menu!! 
http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, It's Restaurant Week!!

Our menu features Steak Frites... Marinated Skirt Steak, Hand Cut Bistro Fries, and a House Made Steak Sauce

To see the full menu & make reservations visit our website, 

http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, It's St. Patrick's Day... PERFECT day for an Irish Coffee!!, It's almost St. Patrick's Day..., It's a good day for French Onion Soup, Have you tried our Basket of Ipswich Fried Clams?? 

... Whole Clams with Old Bay Tartar Sauce - so good!, It's even better than it looks... 

Pulled Chicken Mac & Cheese: Pulled Jerk Chicken, Three Cheese Blend, and Herb Bread Crumbs, Carrot Cake... satisfy your sweet tooth and get those veggies!!, In honor of today's nice(r) weather, The Guava Martini

... made with Brugal, Grand Marnier, Guava Puree, and Pineapple, Brunch is served until 2PM 

http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Duck Confit Spring Rolls with Mint Peanut Dipping Sauce and Mae Ploy Chile Sauce, Cheers to Friday's, weekends, and good friends!, Just posted photos from the Mustachio Bashio! 

Thanks to everyone who came out last night and made the evening such a success!! 

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151551212475159.1073741825.175361365158&type=3, @eastcoastsoul is rocking the #mustachiobashio, Celebrating the mustache and raising money for Community Servings! Thanks to everyone who came out and made the night such a success!, Stache. Soup Strainer. Crumb Catcher. Nose Neighbor. 

Whatever you call it, we're celebrating the mustache tomorrow at the Mustachio Bashio!! There will be complimentary cocktails, delicious hors d'oeuvres, a ‘stache contest, and amazing prizes!! 

Tickets are still available and all proceeds benefit Community Servings. 

http://servings.org/event/mustachio/index.cfm, Sliders 3 Ways: Grass Fed Beef, Lobster Salad, Short Rib & Cheese

Good for sharing... or for yourself!, We're really excited to see all the fantastic mustaches people have grown for the Mustachio Bashio is this Wednesday! 

There are still tickets available, but grab them while you can https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm! 

All proceeds go to Community Servings, who provide meals to the acutely ill, their families, and their caregivers in MA., Thinking about brunch...

We've got Crab Cake Benedict, Griddled Croissant French Toast with Bananas Foster, Irish Breakfast, and of course, Bloody Marys! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, In the mood for something sweet? 

Try our Vanilla Crème Brulee!, It's Friday! You deserve a treat... 

P/C Southside: Gin, Cucumber, Mint, Pom & Lime Juice, This time next week is the Mustachio Bashio!! Tickets are still available and proceeds go to a GREAT cause, Community Servings. 

Get dressed up, enjoy fantastic food & cocktails, honor the mustache and give to an AMAZING organization, https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm

Community Servings provides meals to the acutely ill, their families, and their caregivers across MA., Perfect time for a Moscow Mule., It's the last week in February, which means it's also the last week before the Mustacho Bashio!! 

There's still time to sponsor a 'stach and/or buy your tickets for the big party! All proceeds go to Community Servings.

https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm?landing, And if you can't grow a 'stache, sponsor a 'stache - to benefit Community Servings! 

https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm?landing, Can't wait to see what kind of 'staches show up at the Mustachio Bashio... 

https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/index.cfm, New York Style Cheesecake Blackberry Sauce... Delish!, Fellas growing your 'stache out for Community Servings' Mustacho Bashio, resist the urge to trim!! We know it's been a long couple of weeks, but push through it... it's for such a good cause!

Everyone else, Sponsor-a-'Stach or buy tickets to Mustachio Bashio on March 6 https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm?landing, Show your respect by sponsoring a mustache or buying a ticket to the Mustachio Bashio. All proceeds benefit Community Servings.

https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm?landing, Sponsor-a-'stach or buy tickets to the mustach event of the year, Mustachio Bashio, to benefit Community Servings... and the art of mustach growing!! 

https://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/buyflow/cart.cfm?landing, Cheers to Presidents' Day!!, Find out how to make Cream of Asparagus soup! One of the many Valentine's Day special creations from Chef Dennis!
http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/valentines-special-chef-dennis, There a still a few open slots open for dinner with us tonight, but you better make them quickly, http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Watch Maddy and Sean here: http://www.necn.com/02/13/13/Gregs-List-Valentines-Day-for-Cupids-hel/landing.html?blockID=831065&feedID=11106, "Maddy, don't forget to smile!"  Thanks Jason for helping her out while being interviewed for NECN! Tune in to see her at 9pm., Check out our Valentine's Day specials and Executive Sous Chef, Sean on NECN at 9pm tonight!, It's not too late to make a Valentine's Day reservation with us!! http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations 

Our special Valentine's Day menu is FANTASTIC and will only be offered tomorrow - you don't want to miss it!! 

http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Cheers to our WONDERFUL staff for working so hard last week - in a blizzard!! You guys are simply amazing. THANK YOU!!!, For your viewing pleasure, a sample of our special Valentine's Day Menu... 

To view the full menu and make a reservation, click here http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Are you an admirer of a good mustache?? Then we've got just the event for you - http://servings.org/event/mustachio/index.cfm

It's the mustache event of the year and all proceeds benefit, Community Servings!!, Here are a few of the Valentine's Day specials...
http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Roasted Scallop Carpaccio - Scallop Tartar, Mango Puree, Roasted Red Pepper Coulis, and Taro Root Chips. We recommend paring it with Lost Angel Chardonnay, Darcie Kent Pinot Noir or Peak Organic IPA

Just a little something from our Valentine's Day menu... http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Valentine's Day is Thursday!! Grab that special someone and come see us... we've put together a special menu for the occasion. 

http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, We mustache you a question... do you appreciate a good mustache, like giving to good causes & attending awesome parties?? 

Yes!! Then you should come to Mustachio Bashio March 6!!

Details found here, http://servings.org/event/mustachio/index.cfm, We've got Bloody Marys, Blueberry Pancakes, Irish Breakfasts and Crab Cake Benedicts. We are OPEN for brunch! 
http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch

Again, we would love to see you, but only if you can get to us easily & safely., Maybe Nemo has you stuck inside on a Friday night... here's some stuff we're pretty excited about to occupy your mind for a bit. 

- Mustachio Bashio! Fantastic cause & Party!! http://servings.org/event/mustachio/index.cfm

- Special Valentine's Day dinner menu with wine/beer pairing - everything is sooooo good! http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, We will maintain normal business hours today, until further notice! 

We would love to see you, but only if you can get to us easily & safely., Valentine's Day is one week from TODAY and you don't have plans?!? Fret not, we've got you covered. We created a special menu for the evening with appropriate wine/beer pairing and have a table for you! 

View our menu & make a reservation on our website, http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, So cozy! , Our friends at Ned Devine's will be handing out FREE cups of their 2012 Best of Boston chowdah tomorrow from 12-2PM!!! We think it's worth stopping by..., Thanks for the nice review on yelp, Lauren K.

'I was impressed by the selection of brunch dishes on the menu - there was something to please everyone... Good atmosphere, good service, everything was great. I would come back!' 

We hope you do come back!, Perfect way to end a Valentine's Day dinner is with our Belgian Chocolate Trifle: Chocolate Mousse, Mint Buttercream and Chocolate Pound Cake. Try it paired with La Marca Prosecco.  

Make your Valentine's Day reservation with us here, http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, It's Super Bowl Sunday!! Which Harbaugh will win??, Sam Adams Boston Lager (classic!), paired with our Pan Roasted Monkfish Tail, Grilled Artichoke and White Bean Ragout Cilantro Pesto (yum!)! 

Another fantastic option on our SPECIAL Valentine's Day menu, 
http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Happy Friday! 

P/C Southside: Gin, Cucumber, Mint, Pom & Lime Juice, Tomorrow is February 1st... Valentine's Day will be here before you know it!! Got plans? 

http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, A special on our Valentine's Day menu: Peak Organic IPA

The Peak Organic IPA features 3 amazing hops—Simcoe, Amarillo and Nugget. A generous Amarillo and Simcoe dry hop provides an assertive, hop-forward nose and front palate, with stimulating citrus and floral characteristics. 

Try it with our Duck Trio Seared Foie Gras, Rillettes and Prosciutto!, Start planning you Valentine's Day now!! Check out our special menu with perfect food & beer/wine pairings, http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Seared Ostrich Filet with shoestring fried onions, sauce bordelaise, marrow toast, and beurre rouge risott... one of the many special Valentine's Day additions to our menu!!

http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-day, Really Good Lobster Soup!!! Stop drooling..., Just updated our menu with Valentine's Day specials!, We know it's cold outside, okay freezing... how about a nice Irish Coffee to warm you up!?, TV Diner came out for the release of Chef Dennis' NEW dessert, Granny Smith Apple Crisp - w/ vanilla ice cream and butterscotch sauce! 

Sooo good, it's worth braving the cold weather!!, It's cold outside... come warm up with a bowl of our delicious Bouillabaisse!!, We are so proud to be a part of the The Lenox Hotel - Boston family! What a great article from the Sunday Globe! http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2013/01/20/lenox-hotel-green-director-plants-sustainability-initiatives/pa0q62jMWkj8D8UYwM3OWI/story.html, Have you tried our Berry Capirinha with cachaca, fresh muddled berries and lime juice?, It's Friday! Enjoy a Moscow Mule while you ponder which of our menu items you want to try.  The bouillabaisse and free range chicken are back!, Read about The Lenox Hotel General Manager Dan Donahue in the Boston Business Journal., null, We will be serving New Year's Day Brunch! Great way to start 2013! http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Our special New Year's Eve menu begins tonight through Monday! Our regular menu will also be served! We hope to see you! 
http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, We are open for Brunch on New Year's Day 7am-2pm! http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Now that Christmas is over, it's time to make your New Year's Eve plans! There is room at our table! http://www.citytableboston.com/new-years-eve, Merry Christmas from all your friends at City Table!, We will be closed tonight & tomorrow! Enjoy your Christmas Eve everyone!, Spend New Year's with us! We will be serving our New Year's Eve specials starting Friday, December 28th-Monday, December 31st! For our NYE specials...http://www.citytableboston.com/new-years-eve, Unwind before the hectic holidays! We would love to see you for dinner...http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Our special New Year's Eve Menu will be available starting Friday, December 28th- Monday, December 31st. For Reservations visit: http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, A very happy happy birthday to our lovely Kristina!!! Have a great day!!!!, Take a break from shopping and join us for lunch http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, Start dinner tonight with these delicious Gouda Filled Pork Meatballs: smoked tomato sauce, parmesan, Ring in the New Year with friends! Take a look at our special NYE menu (served in addition to our regular menu) http://www.citytableboston.com/new-years-eve, Happy Belated Birthday to our lovely GM! Happy birthday Brendan Griffin we love you!!, Duck Breast Prosciutto with Carrot and Cucumber Salad, Seared Beef Tenderloin, Champagne Poached Lazy Lobster, Mocha and Mascarpone Cannoli - just some of our New Year's Eve specials that will be served in addition to the full menu! http://www.citytableboston.com/new-years-eve, Dinner tonight! We would love to have you. http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Lunch is served today at noon! http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, Try some of our delicious new Lunch items. Served every Saturday 12pm-4:30pm, In honor of local non-profits for the holidays, look what our friends at the Prudential Center are doing http://bostinno.com/all-series/colored-lights-on-the-pru-31-nights-of-light-at-the-prudential-center/#ss__264510_1_0__ss, Our gift cards make the perfect gift this holiday season. Treat your loved ones to something they will enjoy! http://www.citytableboston.com/gift-cards, From our new menu: Puffed Pastry Wrapped Chicken- quinoa risotto, Cape Cod cranberry sauce, New on the lunch menu: Irish Bacon and Egg Sandwich with sautéed spinach, hollandaise and toasted Texas toast. Served until 4:30 today!, Try our new lunch menu, served every Saturday 12-4:30pm! http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, Last week, our new Skirt Steak Sandwich was a huge hit on our Saturday lunch menu! Try it out tomorrow, 12-4:30pm:  http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, null, Half Long Island Duck Breast crispy duck leg confit, seared duck breast, lentils, kumquat gastrique, New Saturday lunch menu...http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, We are now serving lunch on Saturdays at 12pm-4:30pm. Take a break from shopping! http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, Happy Thanksgiving All! We have some great additions to our full menu today! We would love to celebrate with you! http://www.citytableboston.com/thanksgiving-specials, It's the most wonderful time of the year! As you're out and about, shopping in the city, stop in for lunch on Saturdays! Sandwiches, pizzas, salads and our City Table cheeseburger - served 12-4:30pm: http://www.citytableboston.com/saturday-lunch, In addition to our regular menu, we will be offering a special Thanksgiving menu! Enjoy the holiday this year and let us do all the work! http://www.citytableboston.com/thanksgiving-specials, Some comfort food on this chilly evening - new Pulled Chicken Mac & Cheese with pulled jerk chicken, three cheese blend and herb bread crumbs, null, It's always a great day when we get to try Chef's new seasonal creations! http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Crab Cake Benedict! Brunch served until 2pm. http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Free Range Roast Turkey Dinner with tasso ham mac and cheese, simple stuffing, green bean salad, cape cod cranberry sauce and duck confit gravy:  On our Thanksgiving Specials menu!  http://www.citytableboston.com/thanksgiving-specials, null, Kristina is making a special Thursday appearance at the bar! Try our new Heirloom Beet and Goat Cheese Mousse Salad with mache greens, goat cheese spread and almond bread croutons., null, null, null, Our new Fall/Winter menu is now available. Take a look http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, October is nearly over and there are only a couple days left to Drink Pink and help support The Ellie Fund! We have some beautiful pink drinks to choose from and we would love to see your pictures! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/drink-pink-breast-cancer-awareness, It's time for Brunch! http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Please tell us your favorite dish you have had at City Table! The first 3 people to comment will receive a $20 gift card!, Meet our newest manager, Jason Nill... http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/hes-one-nillion-meet-jason-nill, null, City Bar is celebrating 10 years this month! Stop in and try their anniversary cocktail, The City Bar 10! Proceeds go to The Ellie Fund! http://backbay.citybarboston.com/, Help us raise awareness for breast cancer. Drink Pink! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/drink-pink-breast-cancer-awareness, The holidays are right around the corner. Let us help you plan a beautiful event! http://www.citytableboston.com/plan-your-event, Win Dinner for Two at City Table and benefit our friends at The Ellie Fund!  http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/win-dinner-two-benefit-ellie-fund, Available now, City Table gift cards! The perfect gift for any occasion can now be purchased directly through our facebook page http://onelink.quickgifts.com/merchant/city-table/, Stopping in for dinner? Try our Wiener Schnitzel with breaded veal cutlets, sautéed potatoes, fried egg and lemon beurre blanc., Lenox Hotel lobby, Thank you Kelly, we're donating $5 to the The Ellie Fund for your pink drink photo! , Tonight, try our Duck Confit Spring Rolls with mint peanut sauce, Help us raise awareness and funds for the Ellie Fund for the month of October! Also, City Bar Back Bay is celebrating their 10th anniversary! Find out more http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/drink-pink-breast-cancer-awareness, Holiday season is quickly approaching.  http://www.citytableboston.com/plan-your-event, Seared Long Island Duck Breast- ginger blackberry reduction, romano beans, basmati rice. Perfect night for it!, October is Breast Cancer Awareness month, see how we are doing our part to help http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/drink-pink-breast-cancer-awareness, Great volunteer work from our friends at The Lenox Hotel http://www.pitchengine.com/lenoxhotelbackbayboston/serve--grow-the-lenox-hotel-team-volunteers-for-the-food-project-in-lincoln-ma, The Summer is over and the holiday season will be here before you can blink. Plan a private, intimate event at City Table for the holidays! http://www.citytableboston.com/plan-your-event, As the weather gets cooler, warm up with our Bouillabaisse: salmon, mussels, littleneck clams, shrimp, diver scallops, tomato saffron broth and herbed risotto., null, Tonight is the last night for Restaurant Week. Here is our menu http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, A First Course selection on our Restaurant Week menu: Arancini with English peas, Asiago cheese, mint and green garlic aioli., Brunch is served every Sunday 7am-2pm...Brunch Menu http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, You probably already know our manager Brendan Griffin, but have you met Brendan, our intern from UMass? Say Hi next time you stop in!, It's Restaurant Week and Chefs Dennis and Sean are hard at work in the kitchen! Their delicious creations for our 3-course dinner menu: http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, null, Restaurant Week is more like Restaurant Month! Take a look at our restaurant week menu...http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Delicious Vanilla Creme Brulee with sugar cookies. It's on our Restaurant Week menu, Kick off your week and join us for Restaurant Week this Monday!



We are running Restaurant Week until August 31. Please make your reservations now http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week


Restaurant Week Summer August 2012 | Casual Dining | Boston Restaurant |... 
www.citytableboston.com
City Table's Restaurant Week 2012 menu has it all. Gouda stuffed meatballs, pan roasted salmon, steak frites, wild mushroom pasta, creme brulee., Our favorite summer cocktail is the P/C Southside- gin, cucumber, mint, pom & lime juice. What is your favorite City Table summer cocktail?  
http://www.citytableboston.com/cocktails, We are running Restaurant Week until August 31. Please make your reservations now http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Another great piece of art we are showcasing in our dining room from DTR Modern Galleries by Damien Hirst called Norleucine, We are running our Restaurant Week menu from August 3rd-31st. Here are some of the delicious dishes we will be offering., Today is National Cheesecake Day..., Try Sunday Brunch at City Table. Brunch is served on Sunday 7am-2pm. Here is the full menu http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, We offer a great selection of Vegetarian & Vegan items like; Leek and Artichoke Arancini (vegetarian)-Gruyère cheese, roasted garlic aioli. For the full menu http://www.citytableboston.com/vegan http://ow.ly/i/Mqff, We have a late night menu until 1am Thursday - Saturday. Take a look http://www.citytableboston.com/late-night, This beautiful piece of artwork is called "Flowers" by Donald Sultan. It can be seen in our dining room 
 http://ow.ly/i/Mq5r, Really Good Lobster Soup - chive oil, puff pastry http://ow.ly/i/MpYO, Please join us for Restaurant Week, August 19-31. Take a look at the great menu Chef put together http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Sign up for the next Summer Thursday Event taking place at City Bar July 26th http://summerthursdays.eventbrite.com/, Choose your dessert before your entree tonight...Vanilla Crème Brulee. For reservations visit http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations http://ow.ly/i/Mqjx, null, Our Chatham Cod will be on our Restaurant Week Three Course Dinner menu, which we're starting early on August 3rd! For the menu and reservations: http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, One of the many great pieces from the DTR Modern Galleries being shown in City Table. It's called "Start Fresh Stay Fresh (Farrah)" by Robert Mars., From hearty soups and bistro style sandwiches to elegant entrees and decadent desserts, our diverse menu offers a little something for every appetite. Check out our menus to get a taste.  Our classic cocktail and extensive wine list makes it hard to sample just one of these refreshing options.  Let Chef Dennis Wilson prepare you a meal you won’t soon forget., Wolfe’s Neck Farm Sirloin Steak- harissa rubbed, bone marrow budino, grilled asparagus, Yukon gold mashed. For Reservations http://ow.ly/i/LHq6 For reservations please visit http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Tuna Tartare- papaya avocado salad, citrus soy dressing, wakame salad http://ow.ly/i/LHmq For our full menu visit: http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Vicky’s Tamales spicy slaw, pico de gallo, DTR Modern Galleries, located on Newbury Street, has installed an exhibition in City Table. This exhibition showcases works by Robert Mars, Donald Sultan, Rainer Lagemann and is anchored by recent original works by Damien Hirst, certainly one of the most highly recognized talents in the art world today. DTR is the only gallery in New England offering Hirst's work so his pieces are being shown exclusively at The Lenox Hotel

Equally exciting is Lagemann’s “Diver,” a dramatic, three dimensional sculpture suspended above the restaurant’s Exeter Street entrance.  The highly-abstracted figurative piece is fashioned from hundreds of cut metal squares that Lagemann has welded together to form the human shape that is ‘swan-diving’ into the restaurant space.  Both lobby and restaurant exhibitions are open to the public for viewing, and all artwork is available for purchase. To learn more visit http://www.lenoxhotel.com/newsroom/, Reserve the private dining room at City Table for your special event and indulge in an intimate, sophisticated setting paired with incomparable service. A soaring window overlooking the glittering Back Bay, gold leaf ceilings, warm hard woods and leather banquettes create the perfect scene for guests to relax, imbibe and socialize over a memorable meal.  The ideal venue for corporate events, birthday parties, fundraisers, showers and rehearsal dinners, the private dining room seats up to 32 guests. The entire restaurant may also be reserved for seated dinner and cocktail parties. Let our knowledgeable staff consult with you to create a special menu and ensure all your needs are met. Sound like what you’re looking for? , From hearty soups and bistro style sandwiches to elegant entrees and decadent desserts, our diverse menu offers a little something for every appetite. Check out our menus to get a taste.  Our classic cocktail and extensive wine list makes it hard to sample just one of these refreshing options.  Let Chef Dennis Wilson prepare you a meal you won’t soon forget., Make some pre-4th of July dinner plans! We would love to have you!, Come join Eduardo, Amandio, Yeison along with Melis and Sam while Mallory rocks the bar tonight!  We look forward to seeing you!, What is your favorite City Table dish? http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Sunday Brunch http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Looking for a great place to have dinner in the city tonight? Take a look at our menu http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, National Martini Day is today! Pictured here, our Strawberry-Kiwi Martini with Stolichnaya strawberi, kiwi puree and lime juice., Happy Father's Day! Treat Dad to some Brunch http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Your table is ready, we would love to have you for dinner. Please take a look at our menu http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Celebrate Father's Day with Sunday Brunch! Please call to make reservations 617.933.4800. For the full brunch menu click http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, Vicky’s Tamales with spicy slaw and pico de gallo, Making dinner plans for tonight? Join us for Braised Short Rib Ravioli with bruniose vegetables and brown butter sauce., Next time you see Yeison at the bar, ask him to make you one of these Mt. Gay drinks. It's yet to be named, but will be on the cocktail list soon!, It's the start of Memorial Day Weekend! Stay out of your kitchen and let us take care of you! Tonight's Soft Shell Crab special is Cracker Crusted shaved brussels sprouts, romesco sauce. For our full menu 
http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Tonight's special: tempura batter, ginger and radish salad, plum sauce. Yum!, Tonight's Soft Shell Crab Special: Cornmeal Crusted wilted Swiss chard, soft poached egg, bacon vinaigrette. All week we have a new special. Please take a look...http://www.citytableboston.com/soft-shell-crabs, Soft Shell Crabs are in season! Our chefs will be preparing delicious daily specials for the next several weeks. See what we have coming up starting on Monday: http://www.citytableboston.com/soft-shell-crabs, Chef Dennis making his delicious bouillabaisse on Cookin' with Costa! http://www.necn.com/05/12/12/Cookin-with-Costa-Bouillabaisse/landing_tvdiner.html?blockID=706714&feedID=4409, Happy Mother's Day!, Great new dinner items http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Mother's Day reservations still available...http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, New Menu Item: Ratatouille Style Pizza-roasted red and green peppers, Vidalia onion, Sicilian eggplant, roasted garlic, roma tomato, fresh mozzarella. For dinner reservations http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Have you tried any items off the new menu yet? What has been your favorite? Take a look http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, A rainy day calls for a Manhattan, MOTHER'S DAY: On Sunday, May 13, celebrate the special women in your life with our Sunday brunch or dinner. view our brunch menu http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch, What are you doing Saturday Night? New Menu http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, New menu item: Arancini-English peas, Asiago cheese, mint, green garlic aioli, Special tonight! Soft Shell Crab with a brussel sprout and pine nut salad and salsa romesco, If you are going to the 25th Annual Beyond Shelter Event tonight at the House of Blues, stop by our table and see what we have cooked up! http://www.fobh.org/25th-annual-beyond-shelter-event, Graduation is quickly approaching and we will be open on May 12th for lunch! Celebrate your special day with our new menu! Lunch will be served 11:30am-4pm. To make reservations and to preview our new menu please visit , From our new menu try Roasted Monkfish ponzu broth, salsify cake, sugar snap peas, baby bok choy. Hope to see you tonight! For the rest of our menu go to http://www.citytableboston.com/menus, Join us for dinner tonight. Our new menu is out and filled with all great new items like the Charchuterie Plate; daily selection of cured meats and pates, crostini, pickled vegetables, Please take a look at our new dinner menu http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, We are starting our new menu today at 5pm... The website is being updated as we speak, but here is a sneak peek of what we have to offer... White Marble Farms Pork 3 Ways; seared filet, braised pork belly, confit shoulder, black eyed peas,
mustard bourbon glaze, New menu starts tomorrow...here is a shot of our servers and bartenders trying out some of the new items!, Happy Marathon Monday from all of us at City Table!   Stop by tonight for dinner and cocktails! http://ow.ly/i/zmm2, City Table will be open today at 11am! Hope to see all our friends! Happy Marathon Monday!, Making dinner plans for tonight? Take a look at our menu http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, Happy 100 Years Fenway Park!, Attention all Marathon fans: 
City Table will be open for lunch from 11-5 during the Boston Marathon!

Make a plan to stop by during your excursions on Monday and taste specials including a Ratatouille Pizza and Grilled Steak Salad along with a few City Table classics!, Happy Easter everyone! Let us make your Easter dinner special! http://ow.ly/i/yhMQ, Last minute Easter plans? Hop on down and join us! We are open for dinner at 2:00 and open until 8:00pm.  Walk in or make a reservation on Open Table!  Come and taste our delicious Easter Specials!, Please join us for Easter and try some of our Easter specials, It may be only Monday...but that doesn't mean its too early to toast the upcoming Easter weekend with a Ginger-Peach Martini!, Join City Table at the 25th Annual Beyond Shelter event to benefit Friends of Boston's Homeless. For tickets visit http://www.fobh.org/25th-annual-beyond-shelter-event, Still haven't joined us for restaurant week? There's still time to come try favorites like our Leek and Artichoke Arancini, Wild Mushroom Pappardelle or Gouda Stuffed Meatballs!

 Visit http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week for the complete menu and to make a reservation!, Join us tonight for restaurant week! Try the Steak Frites..for the whole menu visit http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Vermont creamery goat cheese salad, gouda stuffed meatballs, wild mushroom pappardelle, skillet roasted chicken, vanilla creme brulee... just some of the many items on our Restaurant Week menu, which we're starting a week early, tonight! http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, Restaurant Week is coming early to City Table! Chef Dennis' special menu starts this Sunday! http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, On Wednesday, February 29, hostess Jenny Johnson welcomed 'stache growers from the month-long fundraiser to benefit Community Servings. The Mustachio Bashio raised over$32,000, which will provide 1280 weeks worth of meals to the critically ill in our community!, null, THANK YOU to everyone that came out last night for the Mustachio Bashio! A Big thank you to Community Servings! Pictures will be posted soon. If you have any you want to share on our wall...feel free!, Tonight is the Mustachio Bashio! Looking forward to meeting the mustache growers and finding out how much was raised for Community Servings!, Boston Restaurant Week is coming and our menu will also be available the week before Restaurant Week officially starts 
(March 11-30)! Check it out: http://www.citytableboston.com/restaurant-week, It's Friday night, you worked all week. Let us cook for you!, Restaurant week is coming up in March. Stay tuned for a special menu from us., Mustachio Bashio is next week! How are all you mustache growers doing? Post your pics and show us. http://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/mustache_registration.cfm, It's Friday night, join us for dinner. Take a look at our menu http://citytableboston.com/dinner, Happy Valentine's Day! How will you be sharing your evening?  Hopefully its over one of our fantastic specials and desserts for two!, Spinach and Parmesan stuffed porchetta with blue cheese white polenta. Perfect special to share with your valentine's date!, Entree- Sautéed East Coast Halibut- puréed rutabaga, Swiss chard and vanilla butter sauce. Yum!, Appetizer- Wild Boar Ragout- our valentines weekend specials are delicious!, It's almost Valentine's Day and your chances to win a $100 Gift Card is almost over!  Send us your greatest love stories that started here in City Table!  Did you have a romantic first date here?  Do you spend your anniversaries here?  Was City Table your romantic getaway from the hectic outside?  Tell us your story at info@citytableboston.com and make sure to include your name and email!  We can't wait to here your stories! <3, Did you miss out on the deadline to grow a stache for our Bashio but still want to attend? Not to worry, click here to sponsor one of our handsome growers and score tickets to be apart of all the fun on the 29th!, Did you meet your special someone at City Table?  Or have a great first (or any other) date you spent with us? Well we want to hear your stories this Valentine's Day.  The couple with the best story will even score a $100 gift card to try and create that magic moment! Tell us your story at info@citytableboston.com and make sure to include your name and email!, More information on our Mustachio Bashio on February 29! http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/jamaica_plain/2012/01/jp_charity_to_kick_off_annual.html?camp=localsearch:on:twit:HLboston/jamaicaplain&dlvrit=155351, Last chance to sign up to be a 'stache grower is tomorrow! Raise money and awareness for local org, Community Servings! http://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/index.cfm, Our Seared Ahi Tuna with Udon noodles, baby bok choy, edamame puree and sweet soy sauce., Take time this year to share your Valentine's Day with our Seared 20oz Wolfe’s Neck Farm Sirloin and Colossal Prawns special.  (And maybe let your date try a bite or two!), If you haven't tried our "Willy Wonka" yet (available at City Bar too), check it out on Boston.com! http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/nightlife/blogs/bostonite/2012/01/chocolate_chocolate_chocolate.html, Go Pats!!! Be prepared to join us on Super Bowl Sunday as the Patrios defeat the Giants in a rematch on our big screen!, We have an 8ft screen and complimentary snacks! Kickoff in an hour! Go Patriots!, The Willy Wonka, smooth and delicious: chocolate vodka, Godiva white & dark, dark crème de cacao http://www.citytableboston.com/cocktails, Shake up this Sunday with a little brunch and afternoon football at City Table.  We will be open all day from 7am-2am with a complimentary football snack bar from 2pm-5pm.  Go Patriots!, Valentine's Day Additions include Peekytoe Crab Cake, Sauteed East Coast Halibut and Seared Wolf's Neck Farm Sirloin with Colossal Prawns: http://www.citytableboston.com/valentines-specials, Tomorrow, watch the Pats game with us!, The Third Annual! Gentlemen, sign up to grow a 'stache, to benefit Community Servings! http://www.servings.org/event/mustachio/mustache_registration.cfm, It's Friday! Perfect night to visit Sergio and Kristina at the bar!, Thank you everyone for a great 2011! Wishing you a safe, happy and healthy new year!!!, Dinner reservations for NYE! http://www.citytableboston.com/reservations, Have you stopped by to see all the lovely holiday decorations at the Lenox yet? , Doing some last minute shopping on Newbury, at Copley or in the Pru? Stop by and relax with us...you really have to!, Give gifts, receive gifts! Receive a $10 or $20 complimentary card when you purchase a City Table gift card online.  Our gift cards can be used at 11 restaurants in Boston, including City Bar and AnthemBoston! http://bit.ly/eBMP1d, Justin's Sunday Cocktail Recommendation: The Cool Hand Cuke.  Made with blackberries, lemon, Rain cucumber and lime vodka topped with a champagne float this will chase away the winter blues and make you reminiscent of warmer times., City Table Bouillabaisse with shrimp, mussels, littleneck clams, diver scallops, tomato saffron broth and herbed risotto, Win a $20 gift card! To enter, post in the comments your favorite memory or experience at City Table, City Bar or Solas. We'll choose a winner at 5pm tomorrow!, Looking for the perfect place to hold your Holiday party? Look no further, City Table is your place. Kristen Rose made chocolate mousse special for a holday party and they were a hit!!, Tonight's perfect meal? Our Wild Mushroom Pappardelle Pasta.  Made with three types of mushrooms (Trumpet, Royal and Chanterelles) in a garlic white wine sauce over fresh papparedelle pasta., Justin's Sunday cocktail recommendation; The Kentucky Flu. With Makers Mark, Licore 43 (a Spanish liquor with 43 spices) and citrus juices it'll prevent you from feeling under the weather., Still craving pie? Our own Pastry Chef Kristen has whipped up  lemon pudding pie for a special desert tonight!, We will be open on Thanksgiving, serving our full menu and Roasted Turkey!, Win a $20 gift card to City Table! To enter, comment here to tell us what you are most thankful for. We'll choose a winner tomorrow at 4pm!, Thanks to Marc for joining us! http://bit.ly/rX3FBH, No room for chocolate three layer cake?  We've got you covered with an after-dinner treat, new dessert wines!  Inniskillin Vidal Ice and Paul Jaboulet Aîné Muscat, Our wonderful staff in another photo from our visit to Island Creek Oyster Farm!, Congratulations to Maddy for winning the big road race against Rafael yesterday!, We're baking 100 pies for Community Servings Pie in the Sky! Each pie costs $25, providing a week's worth of hearty home-delivered meals to a Community Servings' client and a tasty Thanksgiving treat to the buyer.  For more information on where you can purchase a pie: http://www.pieinthesky.org/events/pies/page.cfm?page=293
, New on our cocktail list, Harvest Moon (stoli vanilla, crème de cacao, cream, pumpkin pie spice). www.citytableboston.com/cocktails, Our City Table staff is doing some quality control at the Island Creek Oyster Farm!, On the new Fall menu: Seared Long Island Duck Breast with pomegranate glaze, basmati rice, baby carrots and parsnips. www.citytableboston.com, Win a $20 City Table gift card!  To enter, post in the comments here which item you'd like to try on our new Fall menu (or which one you've tried).  We'll choose a winner at 5pm tomorrow! http://www.citytableboston.com/dinner, The private dining room at City Table, with its beautiful large windows, gold leaf ceiling and intimate lighting is the perfect setting for groups of up to 32 seeking an exceptional dining experience. We can customize your food, cocktail and wine list.  Our full restaurant can accomodate 150 for cocktails or 80 seated.  

, Serving Bananas Foster Stuffed French Toast with vanilla chantilly until 2pm, along with our full brunch menu! http://www.citytableboston.com/brunch , New menu items are coming on Tuesday.  Gouda Stuffed Meatballs, Leek and Artichoke Arancini, Wiener Schnitzel, Wild Mushroom Pappardelle, Slow Roasted Short Rib, Idaho Trout Saltimbocca and more!, Coming soon!  http://www.boston.com/Boston/businessupdates/2011/10/lenox-hotel-plans-charging-station-for-electric-vehicles/Ml5LOdkGeT7TViBhcaZrFL/index.html, Cheers to the long holiday weekend!, Sliders 3 Ways: all natural ground beef, bibb lettuce, confit tomato; Maine lobster salad; crab cake, spicy slaw, Proceeds from our special Drink Pink cocktails will be donated to The Ellie Fund!! Come check them out!, Seared Beef Tenderloin: Grilled local tomato & sweet potato salad, balsamic reduction, lobster hollandaise, On September 20, we welcomed Lux Boston and Aston Martin of New England to the Lenox Hotel and City Table to enjoy food, drink and an Aston Martin viewing.  We were happy to bring awareness to a local organization, Guardian Angel Motorsports, which helps kids in need by raising awareness through motorsports.  For more information, please visit www.guardianangelmotorsports.com, House Made Burrata Cheese:  heirloom and cherry tomatoes, watermelon croutons, baby arugula, sea salt, crushed pistachios, raspberry balsamic, The private dining room at City Table, with its beautiful large windows, gold leaf ceiling and intimate lighting is the perfect setting for groups of up to 32 seeking an exceptional dining experience. We can customize your food, cocktail and wine list.  Our full restaurant can accomodate 150 for cocktails or 80 seated.  

, It's hard to pronounce, but it's really good - piercingly sharp, effervescent and very dry.  Give our Txakolina (pronounced CHA-ko-lina) from Spain a try tonight!, Brunch, Bennies and Bloody Marys until 2pm. If you want to get out and it's safe, we are open!, Two more nights left of Restaurant Week -get out before you may have to stay in! www.citytableboston.com , Our Restaurant Week menu continues through Saturday! We're offering 7 wines for $7 in addition to our prix fix menu. www.citytableboston.com , On our Restaurant Week Menu until 8/27: Scottish Farm Raised Salmon with cucumber salad, dill creamer potatoes, salad of sweet pea greens, raita.  www.citytableboston.com, Restaurant Week starts tonight! We'll have our menu available through Saturday, August 27! http://www.citytableboston.com/, Apricot and rum glazed chicken drumments , chilled melon soup with prosciutto and mint, brick pressed chicken with grilled Georgia peaches and chanterelle vinaigrette. New menu items starting today!!!! Come and give them all a taste test!!!!!, Cape Cod fried clams, summer vegetable risotto and lemon ricotta cheesecake.  Just some of the many options on our Restaurant Week menu, which starts on Sunday!  www.citytableboston.com , Tonights special: Pan seared Sole with Meyer lemon buerre blanc, sautéed kale, and country potatoes, Grilled Line Caught Swordfish: beluga lentils, braised escarole, radishes, caper buerre blanc, Glazed Ribs: house made sweet and sour sauce with spicy slaw.  This item is also on our Restaurant Week Menu! www.citytableboston.com, We're serving up brunch until 2pm! http://bit.ly/oZviQC, A steamy-hot night calls for an ice-cold strawberry kiwi martini!, Need somthing refreshing.... tonights special- A blended soup of cantaloupe and crenshaw mellons, garnished with iced grapes and minted cardamom yogurt, It's hot out there, cool off with our special tonight: traditional, refreshing and oh-so-delicious gazpacho soup!, Sign up here to receive City Table news and we'll give you $10 toward your next visit for breakfast, brunch, dinner or cocktails! http://www.citytableboston.com/email-signup, Happy Birthday to Travis ... The Miller High life's are in an ice bucket for you right now!, Join our email list to receive $10 toward your next visit to City Table @ http://www.citytableboston.com/, Thanks to everyone who liked us and came in for our specials from 6/12-6/19! We were able to raise $550 for the American Red Cross, to help tornado victims in Western MA. Special thanks to The Lenox Hotel for matching the total!, This was lucky as the bartender, Christine was friendly, personable and had a great knowledge of the menu. Since it was so late,we each got an appetizer, sashimi tuna for the wife, duck confit spring rolls for me and they were in a word Incredible-
Trip Advisor review
Thanks Kristina, You're a true asset!!, Our private dining room, available for rehearsal dinners, showers, corporate events and more.  We're able to accomodate with customized menus from our chef and wine pairings too.  http://www.citytableboston.com/city-table-private-events, Help those affected by MA tornado:  Until tomorrow night, we're donating $1 for each new like and proceeds from special menu items.  Please tell your friends to like us too, so we can donate $1 on their behalf! The Lenox Hotel will be matching the final contribution., Win a night's stay at The Lenox Hotel on July 4th! To enter, submit your best shot of the hotel during the festivities tomorrow! http://lenoxhotel.tumblr.com/post/6611695628/ox4u, Thanks to everyone who has "liked" our page so far! Don't forget to tell your friends to like us so we can donate $1 on their behalf to those affected by tornados in Western MA. A portion of proceeds from two of our specials will also be donated... The Lenox Hotel to match! http://www.citytableboston.com/about/city-table-and-the-lenox-to-donate-to-western-ma-tornado-victims, June 12-19th, City Table will donate to the American Red Cross, to benefit those affected by the tornado in Western Mass. Every time a guest orders one of these new special items; Top Round au Poivre $26 or Grilled Brick Pressed Half Chicken $24, a portion of the proceeds will be donated. $1 will be donated for the next 500 fans that “like” City Table on Facebook. The Lenox Hotel will match the final donation., We are closed in City table for a private event today, so make sure you check out City Bar, Full menu is always available!! http://www.citybarboston.com/menus/index.htm, You know it's summer time in the Back Bay when Rob George makes his famous white wine sangria! Crisp and reshfreshing, this drink will be the perfect end to this great day!, If you haven't tried our Really Good Lobster soup or Ava's Sweet Pea soup, read about them here! http://whatsthesoup.net/blog/pea-soup-headlines-cozy-evening-city-table-boston, "I love coming here" Thanks for the compliment Rose!, We're thrilled to have original artwork from Brazil and Boston in a special pop-up gallery!    http://www.pitchengine.com/pitch/146159/, It's Friday and sunny!  Have a great weekend...we hope to see you!, Perfect for a day like today: prima voce super tuscan - new to our unique wine list! http://www.citytableboston.com/wine-by-the-glass, “I hope your dreams take you... to the corners of your smiles, to the highest of your hopes, to the windows of your opportunities, and to the most special places your heart has ever known.”  Congrats to all those celebrating graduations in Boston!, There's still time to book graduation day brunches or dinners! Make a reservation today!, Cheer up on this dreary day with our dessert special tonight: strawberry rubarb crisp with vanilla ice cream!, Looking for a classic way to spend Cinco De Mayo? Visit us tonight and celebrate in style., We're participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer! 100% of the proceeds from our special Snickers Pudding Dessert will be donated to research at Dana Farber Cancer Institute.  Enjoy layers of caramel and cocoa pudding topped with crushed peanut brittle and vanilla chantilly, all for a good cause!, We are still taking plans for Mother's Day! Treat Mom to something really special this weekend, after all, it is a day devoted to her!, Looking for a place to take Mom for her day? Call today to make reservations and give your Mom a special brunch this year!, Thanks to Friends of Boston's Homeless for letting City Table be a part of their Beyond Shelter Event! Thanks to everyone who came out in support! It's great to give back to the community!, The cure for Thirsty Thursday! The PC Southside: plymouth gin, cucumber, mint, pom, lime juice, Please support Friends of Boston's Homeless.  Tickets are still available for The Beyond Shelter Gala tomorrow at the House of Blues. We'll be there!  http://www.fobh.org/beyond-shelter-gala-2011
, Did you know? We have 20 wines by the glass for $10 or less! Cheers!, Great pictures of Marathon Monday from our friends at The Lenox Hotel! http://on.fb.me/ge28YM, Thanks to In and Around Town for the great write-up! http://networkedblogs.com/gTrFm, Looking for Easter brunch or dinner reservations?  Look no further than us! Your table's ready for Sunday, April 24.  http://bit.ly/eGRbnh, We hope you're all having a great Marathon Monday! Stay safe and have fun!!, Welcome Marathon runners!  Pasta specials this weekend include spaghetti and meatballs, chicken and broccoli ziti and baked rigatoni., We hope everyone has a fun and safe Marathon Monday weekend! Looking forward to seeing all of you this weekend!, Bananas Foster Stuffed French Toast, Crab Cake Benedict, Butter Poached Salmon  and more...Easter brunch reservations, 617-933-4800, http://www.opentable.com/azure-reservations-boston, Looking for something to be disappointed in? Well, the Sox have that covered. Looking to make up for that- well, that's what we're here for! Serving up smiles, and appetizing foods to help you forget about what's happening at Fenway since the start of the season!, We'll be at The Beyond Shelter Gala on April 28th at the House of Blues to support Friends of Boston's Homeless - an organization near and dear to our hearts! For more information about the Gala, http://www.fobh.org/beyond-shelter-gala-2011, Our Really Good Lobster Soup is back!, http://backbay.patch.com/articles/photo-gallery-the-taste-of-back-bay#photo-5570130 Serving up some lobster salad at The Taste of Back Bay!, Come celebrate the win with us! Spring, vegan/vegetarian and late night menus are all available! http://www.citytableboston.com/city-table-menus, Check it out: We're getting some love from Boston Chefs! http://www.bostonchefs.com/restaurant/city-table/ Good stuff!, If you're like us, you're devastated that Sox Appeal wasn't renewed for another season. Don't worry, you can watch the game today as if you were on the show; over steak, wine, and swanky music. See you tonight!, Check it out: Tonight we're starting a brand new menu! http://www.citytableboston.com/city-table-menus! All new food items to suit your fancy!, Good Food. Extensive Wine List. Great Atmosphere. What more could you want?, We know you're Mr. or Ms. Social. Out on the town, impressing your friends with your knowledge of restaurants, bars, foreign imports. Tonight as you hit the town, why not impress your friends by bringing them to City Table? They'll be impressed by your fine taste., We know you're popular. You have places to be, people to meet. Have you ever brought those people to meet in here, and then impressed them with your wine knowledge?, When in Back Bay, if your dining situation, leads to some trepidation, and you're looking start a new dinner relation, check out our menu and wine pairings! It's a new way to do Tuesday!, It's officially over. The long weekend of fun and partying has subsided. Looking to keep that fun vibe going? Check us out tonight for dinner and see what everyone was talking about during Restaurant Week!, Good food. Good people. Bad bracket. Looking to take the edge of your March Madness picks? Let us help you forget about the fact you had Louisville going all the way., We hope you all had a safe and fun St. Patrick's Day! All tuckered out now? Go hard yesterday? Well, our menu is complete with comfort foods that will help you get through the day. We also have a plethora of drinks to help you forget about the taste of Guiness., Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Hope to see all of you tonight!, Happy Tuesday everyone! Are you looking to be a little adventurous with your wine selections? We have one of the fullest wine bars in the city, and we'd be more than happy to help you expand your wine knowledge. Ask tonight!, It's that time of the year again. People are out running, gym memberships are increasing, those college kids are playing that disc game in every park in town. Well we don't offer gym memberships here, but we do offer an array of fresh and healthy foods to get you motivated to hit the gym and eventually the beach!, Did the time change throw you off today? If so, you should probably treat yourself to a night out on the town. After all, you deserve it., Saturday night and you're looking for a place to dine. You have so many options, but you're special. You like your food prepared a special way. You like variety. You like new tastes. We'll be more than happy to create a dinner you'll remember., Visit us for Breakfast! The perfect place to have that morning meeting.  http://www.citytableboston.com/city-table-menus/breakfast-menu , Did you miss us yesterday? We were recovering from Mardi Gras as well. If you're looking to now start on that healthy eating path we have a variety of salads, like the Green Bean and the Baby Wedge, to help you forget all about your Mardi Gras, unless you have already., Happy Mardi Gras everyone! Tonight celebrate "Fat Tuesday" in style with the Pan Seared Salmon ratatouille with tomato broth, or transport yourself to Bourbon street with our Peach Mint Julep made with bourbon, mathilde peach, mint, and peach pure!, You appreciate the finer things in life. Your private jet has only the finest Italian leather. Your clothes, imported from the finest boutiques in France. Your dinners, City Table steaks, salads, and drinks. Your table is ready., Sunday is spent doing many things, one of which is spending time with family. City Table is a great place to relax with the ones you love., Sunday is spent doing many things, one of which is spending time with family. City Table is a great place to relax with the ones you love., It's Saturday, the day of the week that is truly yours. Tonight as you embark on your traditional shopping regiment, buying only the finest luxury goods, check us out as a way to cap off your day of indulgence. Besides, you need a great place to drive your new Mercedes to., Looking for a drink before you dine with us tonight? Head on over to our Irish neighbor Solas and while you're there enter to win a trip to Ireland! http://briarwebsites.com/3.SocialMediaJpeg.jpg Then head back in and enjoy some fine dining, Back Bay style!, Restaurant Week starts on Sunday! View what we've got cooking: http://www.citytableboston.com/, A big thank you to everyone who came out and supported us last night at the Mustachio Bashio! It was a great crowd and everybody had a great time! Upload your photos here, or send us some twitpics! Pictures to be up soon. Can't wait for next year! Thanks everyone!, Thanks to everyone who came out for the Mustachio Bashio! http://www.boston.com/ae/celebrity/articles/2011/03/03/upper_lip_service/, The day has finally come! Tonight, join us for the Mustachio Bashio and cheer on your favorite mustache grower! Not sure who they are? Check them out here: http://www.servings.org/events/page.cfm?event=71&ec_id=189 See you folks tonight!, Happy Mustache March everyone! We hope you're all excited for the Mustachio Bashio tomorrow night! Come out and sport that fantastic facial hair, we're excited to see your progress!, Were you happy with the Oscars last night? Did your after-party invite get lost in the mail? Don't worry, we've got you covered. Treat yourself to a delicious meal that's made for celebrities! A trip to City Table is just as good as an Oscar after party, if not better!, We're all about creating new traditions here. Usually date night is reserved for Friday or Saturday, but one of the most romantic nights to head out is Sunday. Why not start a new tradition tonight? http://www.opentable.com/start.aspx?m=7 Taking reservations now., Starting to get that Spring fever? We know you are- we are too! Good thing we have spring menu items like Island Creek Oysters, Roasted Beet Terrine heirloom beets, chevre cheese, fennel and mizuna. It's like an early taste of spring- only for you!, Did you know we have a Twitter account? It's a great place to check in and learn about all of the specials and fun events we have going on! Just another way we stay in touch with all of you beautiful people! @CityTable, In case you didn't know, not only do we serve phenomenal dinner, we also have one of the most unique brunches in Boston. Have you ever sampled Bananas Fosters French Toast? In case you missed it today, it'll be here tomorrow!, You know steak. Your grill is custom built, you import your steaks from around the world. Tonight put our steaks to the test: We have a 12 oz Sirloin that we know will rival yours. Have you tried it yet?, We all know what begins a week from today. Mustache March. The greatest of monthly traditions. Think you have what it takes to have the greatest 'stache judged by NECN? You can still sign up:http://servings.org/events/index.cfm?event=71  After all, you got that nickname in college for a reason., Happy President's Day! Tonight is the night to enjoy one last hoorah before a shortened workweek- Why not spend it with us?, Sunday nights are usually reserved as the night you stay home and prepare for the upcoming week. Not this week. Don't worry- we'll thank the former Presidents for you., As you explore the the great city of Boston the inevitable happens; you get hungry. Good thing we're open for dinner and can help you satisfy that craving. Check out our menu- We know you'll find something you love! http://www.citytableboston.com/city-table-menus, It's the first day of President's Day Weekend. Seems like the perfect day to bring that cute co-worker in for an after dinner drink, or maybe even dinner. After all, it's a long weekend, anything can happen., It's Thursday and we'll be ready for you! Whether you're hungry or thirsty, you're sure to find everything you need and want when you come inside. Show your support and follow us on Twitter @CityTable and stay updated on all of our fun happenings!, Today is the day that can make or break the week. The kind of day that shouts, "Hey, this week is great!" or "How much longer until the weekend?" We know how you feel, and we have an assortment of dishes to help you experience both feelings. Have you tried the Sliders 3 way? What about the Short Rib Melt? The week just got better., We thought it was here to stay. For a minute it was warm, but today-not so much. Did you get excited for Spring? Want to recapture that feeling? The next time you're longing for that Spring feeling stop by and try the California Grilled Chicken Sandwich. It's just another way we can make it feel warmer., Happy Valentine's Day! There's still time for those last minute reservations, just in case you forgot what today was. 617.933.4800. Also while you're in- check out our Mustachio Bashio information. It's a fun new way to help with a great cause!, Valentine's Day. Mustache Parties- How many fun things are there to do at City Table? Answer: More than 400 characters will allow us to say! Come in and register for the Mustachio Bashio, and make you reservation for Valentine's Day now, and while you're here check out our new and improved menu (available under info) and find out just how many fun things you can do here!, In case you forgot what Monday is, we have you covered. Call 617.933.4800 to book a reservation today. While you're at it, check out http://servings.org/events/index.cfm?event=71 It's a fun new charitable contest that will make ladies swoon and make men stand and applaud. Everyone likes mustaches, and everyone loves charitable contests! Register today!, Have you heard of our Mustachio Bashio contest? Check out http://servings.org/events/index.cfm?event=71 to sign-up for a really fun charitable contest! After the growing is over we'll be hosting a bash to celebrate all of your accomplishments. Jenny Johnson from NECN will be on hand to determine who has the best Mustache out of everyone! Sign up now!, It's almost Valentine's Day. Call in today and schedule your reservation! Spots are going fast, and after all- you know you want to impress that special someone!, Have you ever brought a large group to City Table? Did you know that our menu offers a variety of mix and match options? This way you'll have more freedom with your selections and everyone will get to try something different., Treat yourself tonight to a Devil's Chocolate Cake- you know you want to!, Share your favorite date memory at City Table., Why not come watch the Beanpot here tonight? Nothing like cheering on your favorite College team surrounded by award winning food!, People have different food tastes when it comes to the Big Game. Some like bbq, others prefer pigs in a blanket. Why not watch the game over crab cakes, and steak? Classiest bowl party ever?, Starting to think about those Valentine's Day plans? Call today and schedule your table!, Congrats to Stephanie Pappas!  Stephanie has won a $25 gift card to City Table for being a new fan of ours on Facebook.  Stephanie, please email your mailing address to info@citytableboston.com.  Fans, look for more giveaways coming soon!  Happy Friday!, hangar steak tacos: ancho rubbed with spicy tomatoes, What better way to enjoy the week nearly being over than by coming in and indulging in one of our signature cocktails? How about following that up by enjoying some dinner and letting us take care of you? Think of it as a little vacation in the middle of Back Bay., It's been a long and cold day. You're tired. Why not let us take care of you tonight as you indulge and enjoy some of the finest food selections in Back Bay. You deserve it! Come in tonight and let us take care of you., Everyone knows the best thing to do when it's snowing is take time to relax, and indulge. Come into City Table for dinner and let us take care of you., null, guava martini: pyrat reserve, grand marnier, guava, pineapple, By now you may have seen the Prudential Center Flash Mob Wedding...we were thrilled to host the happy couple's reception at City Table!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujlkqLoV5Ng&feature=player_embedded, Happy Holidays!  Make your reservation for New Year's Eve with us..., Thanks for the great write-up Daisy! http://indulgeinspireimbibe.blogspot.com/2010/12/upscale-comforts-at-city-table.html, Happy Thanksgiving!  We will be open tomorrow with our full menu and traditional turkey dinner.  Make your reservations here:   www.citytableboston.com, We will be open on Thanksgiving... we're serving a traditional turkey dinner and the full menu!  www.citytableboston.com, There's only 43 days until Christmas!  Get your City Table gift card now: https://briargroup.myguestaccount.com/login/web_card_sale/selectcards.srv, Has anyone been in to try our new brunch menu lately? Let us know what you think!, New Yelp Review! http://www.yelp.com/biz/city-table-boston#hrid:CdyEUdWGzxujqGIG_Vx8dg Thanks, Saba N, Do you use foursquare to "check-in" when you are out dining?, Let us know when you are coming back into City Table!, Have a happy and safe Independence Day!, It's Summertime! ...and the livin's easy., Happy Father's Day to all the fabulous fathers! Enjoy a nice Sunday--you deserve it!, Welcome to June...let's make this a great month!, To all those who served and help to make yesterday, today and tomorrow possible, we honor you. Happy Memorial Day!, Check out some of our photos from inside and on the tables at City Table: http://www.citytableboston.com/city-table-photos, What is your favorite appetizer on our menu?!, We're prepping to give Boston mom's the royal treatment. You did remember tomorrow is Mother's Day right?, To support Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer, City Table's Pastry Chef Kristin Rose will be making Mike's Mom's Whoopie Pies and Cold Milk... Purchase this dessert and the proceeds go back to helping cancer research and finding a cure for breast cancer!, Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer is doing some great stuff! :), Do you use Foursquare?, What better way to shake off the Tax Day blues than to enjoy a Willy Wonka chocolate vodka, godiva white & dark, white crème de cacao or a Pomegranate Martini with Ketel One citroen, pama, pon and lemon juice??? Seriously., Check out our new Spring Menu! (click the menus tab), Happy Easter from everyone at City Table! :), Hope everyone enjoys this great weekend. Stop in tonight to City Table and enjoy one of our fabulous cocktails. Try the confetti drink--perfect for spring!, For fun, take a second to answer our poll: About how often do you eat lunch/dinner at a restaurant each month? http://poll.fm/f/1oxl6, Have you tried any of our desserts? One of our favorites for the Chocolate Lovers is the Devil’s Chocolate Cake with poached strawberries and whipped cream., By the way, follow us on Twitter for the latest City Table information and events! http://twitter.com/CityTable, TONIGHT! http://www.servings.org/events/index.cfm?event=71 Mustachio Bashio party to thank all our growers, raise money for Community Servings, and to celebrate all things mustachioed! 6-9 p.m., Tomorrow night is the Mustachio Bashio! Are you coming???, null, Join us Wednesday March 3rd, 6-9 for a Mustachio Bashio party to celebrate all things mustachioed! Tickets available online., Happy Valentine's Day!  -With love from everyone at City Table, What's on our mind? Valentine's Day, Love and our Valentine's Day Menu!, We're looking forward to the weekend-are you? Lot's going on in town. Hope to see you., If you need something from us and can't call, feel free to tweet us at http://twitter.com/CityTable, Check out our Boston Mag review: http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/articles/first_bite_city_table/, Happy New Year to you and yours! CHEERS!, Thanks Pop.Bop.Shop Girl for the great review http://popbopshop.blogspot.com/, Check out an awesome blog post! http://is.gd/5ro13, An appetizer you absolutely must try (and the entire table will love) is the House Made Potato Chips with spicy dipping sauce...it is the perfect combination of crispy and tasty!, What a great weekend! Hope you have a chance to enjoy City Table at some point before the year is over...put it on your December "to-do" list :), Hope you had a great holiday weekend! If you spent some time at City Table, let us know what you thought!, Stop by City Table this weekend and enjoy the atmosphere :), We are open on Thanksgiving serving our full menu along with a special  Thanksgiving Dinner! We'll be open from 2-8pm. Reservations are recommended. Hope to see  you soon., Another fabulous weekend at City Table! Great to see new faces...and repeat faces!, We are loving the feedback! Keep it coming :), Have you been to City Table this week?, Happy Halloween!!! Be safe today!, @evansaun posted this on Twitter! Hand-blown glass chandelier from Azure/@CityTable in The Lenox #Hotel in #Boston from #flickr: http://bit.ly/2wNKLb We think it's a great photo so we are sharing!, Gift cards are available-order online from our specials page!, Follow us on Twitter! http://twitter.com/CityTable, Excited to be open!)