List(The shop is nearly ready. All of us here are looking forward to your expression the first time you taste espresso prepared at 108 Lincoln st., null, We will be at Short Path Distillery today. Some collaboration, some day drinking. And nitro cold brew., People here and there are starting to hear about the shop. We've spent a ton of time and energy to get this one just right. An article, from today, tells a bit more: http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/blog/2015/03/12/gracenote-coffee-trike-set-open-collaborative-project-downtown/, Really fun to talk to Boston Magazine...even more fun to read the result: http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2015/01/29/gracenote-coffee/, So one of this morning's coffee experiments was to pull a shot of 50% of a great natural from F.A.F in Brazil, and 50% washed gesha from Costa Rica. Reaction: "Whoa! That's distinctive."  

Will not be available to the public., This post is going to get technical. But this is what goes on every day at Gracenote: thinking about how coffee works, how equipment works, how people work, and how they all work together to produce a good experience. Thinking and experimenting. Experimenting and thinking. And trying to be honest with myself about the results, which are not always what I'm hoping for.

For those who have an interest in coffee shots (a shot of espresso pulled very long with coarsely ground coffee), here's a recipe that shows some promising directions: 

-EK43, grind 3.9 (grind settings are not all the same on these grinders, ymmv), which is between an aeropress grind and an espresso grind.
-La Marzocco manual paddle espresso machine set to 200.0f brew temp (this made a big difference, and so is key here)
-18g dose of dense, lightly roasted coffee--in this case Kenya Gatuyaini
-"pre-infuse" for first 10 seconds, which means in this case, very slow flow through the puck, Dripping in 6 seconds. 
-full line pressure (not pump pressure) to 150g out. Should be in the 45-55 second range. Line pressure here is 3-3.75bar.
-Extraction is 21.25% without an overbearing bitterness, and without much flatness. TDS is 2.45%, roughly. 
-Tasting notes: surprisingly sweet. Lush melon with floral and toasted sugar. Slightly bready and flattening as it cools. Long, uninteresting and slightly bitter aftertaste when close to cupping temperature. 
-Top up to desired concentration, americano-style. 

Some general thoughts on coffee shots: 

It's hard to get depth of character and sweetness without also getting bitterness. 

Compared to a pour over brewed with a kettle of 200 degree water, the coffee brewed at 200 degrees in a coffee shot will be exposed to a lot more heat. The actual brew water in a chemex is a lot lower if you measured it with a thermometer. The shot will be 200, on the nose, the whole time. 

Also, the finer the grind, the more fines are in the grinds. Every time a coffee particle is made smaller, fines are produced. The EK43 is great at minimizing them, and is probably the major reason for its widespread interest among high-end coffee ops, but even so, 18g of coffee ground at 3.9 will have proportionally more fines than 18g of coffee ground to 8.5 (the grind I'd probably use to brew a chemex with 18g of this coffee). 

With the problems being flatness and bitterness at an extraction % where these attributes wouldn't normally be as strong, and a better result being one that has less of those characteristics while having more sweetness and complexity, next steps could be to eliminate the fines through sifting, thus clearing out a lot of the bitterness; try reducing the brew temp and increasing contact time by slowing the flow rate during brew; try grinding coarser still and using more brew water; or just brewing a chemex instead. 

Sorry that whole last paragraph was a single sentence. 

Gotta cup some geshas now. Exciting morning, but should have done it in the opposite order., Proud to be part of this project!, Cupping today, 1pm at Render Coffee. Tasting two Colombians (top lot washed Tolima & Huila), one Rwandan roasted two ways, and two Ethiopians from Yirgacheffe with different processing (washed & nat.), Near Boston? We're having a tasting at Render Coffee tomorrow (Friday) at 1pm!, Public cupping/tasting at Simon's Too is at 12 today, with coffees on the table until 2:30. 

Tips for winning a tasting: be clear of breakfast and have lunch afterward; don't wear heavy scents; leave your cares at the door. 

We'll be cupping in a relatively formal way and will also have a few coffees brewed using the Clever dripper. 

Gesha, washed & natural Ethiopian, Kenya, Rwanda, Colombian, & more. Sounds good, right?, Public tasting by Gracenote at @SimonsToo on Sunday. Cupping & clever brews; coffee from three continents. Feb 16. Time TBA., The etherial roaster in his element:, null, We're proud to be on the brew and espresso bar at Simon's Too in Cambridge this week. The Kenya Githembe Espresso, in particular, is huge., Our Hunapu from Guatemala -- high grown bourbon-only offering grown among volcanoes in Antigua -- will be heading to Iceland and available through http://kaffiklubburinn.is/., I was asked three incisive questions by my brother Joe. He's a PhD candidate studying Behavioral Neuroscience at Duke. He asked: 

What is good coffee? How do you make better coffee? Where are you going with all of this?

My response: 

Good questions. The answers are pretty easy, too. 

1) Good coffee is coffee that is memorable for the pleasure it gives the drinker. 

2) I make coffee better by precisely recording my roasts, cupping the results, and understanding the relationship between action(roast adjustments) and result(specific qualities as brewed coffee). My conclusions and goals are informed by a mature aesthetic sense and acute sensory skills.

3) I'm going as far as it goes., We're glad to be working with Serendipity Cafe in Maynard. Their grand opening is Saturday November 2nd, so come join the fray and say hello., We recently opened our last bag of the Finca Kassandra Pacamara from Mexico that CoffeeReview had listed as one of their favorite single-varietal coffees of 2013, scoring 94 points. One of two coffees in the top six that was less than $50/lb. http://www.coffeereview.com/allreviews.cfm?cupdate=%7Bts%20%272013-10-04%2000%3A00%3A00%27%7D, Gracenote Coffee gets some very fine press in this month's CoffeeReview.com article on the heavyweights of the coffee world: The best single-varietal, single-farm lots from across the world. Our Finca Kassandra Pacamara got a 94! http://www.coffeereview.com/review.cfm?ID=3325 (not sure what's up with the picture Facebook grabbed...), We'll be taking credit cards at the Harvard Farmer's Market from now on....so, yeah. Buy lattes for your whole family and save your cash for the veggie people., The Coffee Trike's triker San is celebrating his birthday tomorrow with our Tchembe Espresso and Konga cold-brew. Can't wait. Worth the visit. Retail bags of Tchembe Espresso will be available (first time ever)., Great times cupping coffees with great peeps! http://www.gracenotecoffee.com/coffee-tasting-recap/, Regions and Roasts tasting seminar is coming up on Saturday (tomorrow). If you want to make an afternoon of it, sign up here and get a bag of coffee to take home after all is said and cupped. http://www.gracenotecoffee.com/product/region-and-roast-tasting-july-27/, Finally getting some moving picture up about what goes on at Gracenote. Here's a roaster's eye view of how coffee turns from green to roasted. http://vimeo.com/68589645, Coffee arrived safely after confused approach. The most interesting of the bunch promises to be the Finca Santa Isabel natural processed Guatemalan. The sample smelled like pan fried banana and caramel, and the taste was unreal: sweet, heavy, all-fruit jam, almond, chocolate. This is an abnormal coffee by any standard I'm aware of. It also happens to be organic., We're getting behind the "LIMITED OFFERING" coffees: our first is Finca El Jardin, from Columbia. It has a great story, which is neat, but it is a truly outstanding coffee (super neat). We bought enough to fill maybe 50 orders, so don't miss it! 6 orderes filled already., null)