List(Buona Pasqua from our family to yours!!, True story, happens daily!!, Ricotta or Lobster filled, which is your fav??, Happy Saint Joseph's Day. An Italian tradition......
#zeppole, #zitiwithlines, We're back from our well deserved winter vacation. Doors open today at 4:00! 
Happy New Year to you, you, and you! 

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, From our family to your's, we wish you a Merry Christmas, and the happiest New Year! 

Rino's Place will be closed from 12/25 thru 1/2! We will reopen on January 4th 2016 with regular business hours!, Our staff Christmas party! Big LCR game going on....

Merry Christmas from all
of us to all of you!!!, We are now accepting Christmas Eve orders to go. Orders can placed from now until December 20th! Please contact Anna to place your order. She can be reached at
sadieandnicocomcast.net


We have limited lunch reservations available for parties of 6 or more. Please call the restaurant directly to book your holiday luncheon, or for your holiday luncheon to go. For large orders to go, please contact Anna at the above email address! 

Tis the season to be Jolly.........., Happy Thanksgiving to all...., Our hearts are with #paris...., null, Our phone lines are down yet again! To place an order to go, you can go directly to the restaurant! I'm truly sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. The good thing is we are open!!

Thank you!, "Made to Order" coming up next on the Food Network!
#lobsterravioli
#cheftony
#rinosplace, So apparently chef Tony can cook and sew. Just sewed a hole in his daughters field hockey shirt! Who would of known!!! Love my chef......❤️, Trying to make 10,000 likes with out being "sponsored"! C'mon peeps like & share our page! Businesses shouldn't have to pay to be liked, businesses should "produce" to be liked. And that exactly what we do at Rino's Place we "produce".......
#oftenimitated
#neverduplicated 
#fact, We are having major phone troubles this morning. I know this is a big day for November reservations, and I reassure you we are doing our best to have the problem fixed in a timely manner! We apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you..  

Rino's Place, Our top 10 appetizers! What's your favorite??, Check us out on NESN right now on "Charlie Moore Outdoors" with Jermaine Wiggins..., From start to finish, we got you covered........
appetizer-shrimp scampi served with toasted bread points
entree-lobster ravioli
dessert-tira misu
#cheftony
#number1staff
#family, ....baby veal osso bucco served over saffron risotto with roasted baby carrots....need I say more?, Wishing Cheryl a Happy Happy Birthday!!, Dinner is served.....Mmmmm!, Mmmmm, I'm hungry are you??, Last order just going in the kitchen!!, Up next, Amazing Italian-featuring Guy's favorite Italian dishes!, Up next Rino's Place on DDD! Then next Saturday at 4:00, it's Guy's Best Italian and you guessed it we made it!! 
#DDD
#rinosplace
#cheftony, Chef Tonys buddy Guy called to come in for lunch! Unfortunately, Chef Tony was at the market....safe travels home to you & the Lori!....see you in Cali for your birthday!, Chef Tony is gearing up for this years "Best Buddies" event happening this Friday night at Harvard hosted by Guy Fieri & Tom Brady! Katie, chef Tony's sous chef came in this week and helped cook at the restaurant! Chef Tony will be grilling & serving Veal Spiedini....We are honored to be returning and helping out with such a great organization! 
#bestbuddies
#guyfieri
#harvard
#letsdothis, Thought it was worth a mention: Last night in our packed resturant, we hear a cling cling noise from a customer hitting the side of his glass with a fork. To our surprise this guy was standing up, and got everyone's attention. He proceed to say how we should all take a moment and remember what Memorial Day is all about. Remembering the past, enduring the present, and grateful for the future! Everyone picked up the glasses saluted, and carried on with their dinners!

#memorialday2015
#rinosplace, It's chef Tony's birthday today, show him some love......, Rino's Place will once again be participating in "Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer". Beginning Monday May 4th, thru Saturday May 9th our featured dessert will be our Homemade Pink Ricotta Filled Cannoli, made to order by our staff! 💯 percent of the proceeds will go to Boston Bakes. With your help, and one sweet at a time we can make a difference! 
#bostonbakes

We thank you in advance....
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from Rino's Place!, Buona Pasqua from our family to yours!!, Happy "National Ravioli Day"... Come on in for the best homemade raviolis in town... Either Ricotta, or our famous Lobster Ravioli.... Which ever you choose, We will roll it, stuff it, boil it, sautée it and serve them to you made with the freshest ingredients, and of course some love!!! 
#rinosplace
#nationalravioliday
#bestaround
#cheftony, It is with heart felt sorrow that I share the news of Prima e Dopo's  closing. Unfortunately, "partnership" is not a friend of Tony and I, and I guess the saying is true "partners are made for dancing" We tried our best to make it work, and it did work! Unfortunately not in our partners eyes. See, a partnership is 50/50. If the business is going good, then everyone is happy.... but if the business has a down fall, then it's up to the partners to pick up the slack and dance again! Therefore, its a 2 way street good or bad. We have done our part to make it as best as it could have been, and it's been great! With that being said, when things went bad, we needed the other half to come forward and work together as a team, I'm sorry to say my partner didn't and wouldn't. I tried everything in my power to possibly buy him out, but the numbers he was talking were ridiculous, and I was not falling in his trap. He even went as far as saying that "any dollar amount that he wanted was priceless to us ( Tony & I),  and our (Rino's Place) reputation was on the line". Therefore, you can see for yourself what kind of person we were dealing with! And as a result Prima will be closing as of June 1st! 

I want to express how thankful Tony and I are for all of the support we have received over the last 3 years. Our customers were happy both old, and new...and that was the whole idea.... If they were happy, we were happy! To our family, and friends who were there for us right from the beginning, we thank you! 

All of us at Prima became a family, and I want to thank all of staff for standing by us when it was good, and when it was bad. Our Staff has made Prima what it is today. It's something I will never forget!  From Joe the head bartender, who made the best drinks from cordials, to having the best beer selection around bottled and tapped. Richard our chef, put out some of the best tasting food around! From all our servers, and those in between.... I sincerely thank you all  from the bottom of my heart. All though Prima is no more, you will always be considered family to Tony & I

Last but not least, I know it was very convenient for our waiting customer to have Prima right there.... Just steps away! We have been in business for nearly 30 years, and we never had a waiting are or Prima to go to! I know in the summer people don't mind hanging outside in good'ole East Boston, waiting for their table. The winter is different... It's cold, and snowy! We would like you all to go visit out friends at Kelly's square pub on Bennington street. It's in walking distance! Tell them Rinos sent you......

I will leave you with the following and I want to reassure you Rino's Place isn't going any where. We are here to stay. We are who we are today because of you, our customers, and for that we thank you!

Tony & Anna Dicenso, Dining room opens at 4 today! Come on down, for the Best  Italian Food in Town....., In BRADY we trust....GO PATS!!, Rino's Place is proud to announce the newest member of our family Miss Hadley! Ashley gave birth in the middle of the blizzard! Show them some love....❤️, Due to this mound of snow in front of our door, Rino's Place will be closed today Wednesday, January 28th. I reassure you, Chef Tony & crew is working hard to be sure  to open tomorrow with regular business hours!

We apologize for any inconvenience  this may cause you!, Rino's Place will be closed from Monday 1/19 thru Saturday 1/24 for our much needed winter vacation. We will reopen on Monday 1/26 with regular business hours!

Thank you in advance!, Merry Christmas to all of you, from all of us....

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Our holiday party with out staff from Rino's & Prima! Thank you all for the beautiful basket. You guys are the best. Tony, and I appreciate your hard work each & everyday! We can't thank you enough, we love our staff!, We are now accepting Christmas Eve orders. We will be open on 12/24 for preordered orders to go & gift cards only from 8-4! Please call or email Anna at 617-413-6390 or 
sadieandnico@comcast.net... 

Thank You!!, Rino's Place will be closed today so our staff can be thankful with their loved ones. We will reopen tomorrow at 3:00! 
From our family to yours..., Freedom isn't FREE!

Thank you to all the past, present & future!, Chef Tony had the privilege of cooking for the Menino family yesterday. I had the honor of delivering the food. I was also given the opportunity of paying my respects to Mayor Menino, and meeting Angela & the Menino family. I was privileged to be behind the scenes of such a rememberable moment, that I will never forget. The family was very thankful for all that we have done. I, in return said to Angela  "it does not equal to what you & Mayor Menino has done for the city of Boston". She gave me a hug, and I went on my way.

As I stated to the Menino family....
Tony & I, and our entire staff send our deepest of condolences to all of you. 

Forever in hearts! ❤️, In honor of the late Mayor Tom Menino. Governor Deval Patrick, city & state councilmen & great friends joined together for lunch today. #mayortommenino  
#bostonstrong
#rinosplace, Today the voice of Boston has passed on. Mayor Tom Menino was not just a Mayor, he was a husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend. We had the honor of knowing him personally & his wife Angela. You may have been lucky enough to have been dining with us on the many occasions as Tom & Angela did. He had class, a true gem, who did Boston right. He has touched many of us Bostonians, in many ways. He was there when it was good, and when it was bad. No matter what, Mayor Menino was just there....always

Our deepest condolences to the Menino family. May he fly high, free of pain, and may he forever hold eternal peace.

Rest in Peace Mayor Tom  Menino... Fly free our friend, fly free.......

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, The city of East Boston has lost a true gem today, one of a kind, the "great one",  and most importantly the voice for us "city" kids. Our thoughts & prayers are with the Albano family as they mourn the loss of Anthony. You will be sadly missed, but never forgotten. Rest easy our friend, rest easy....

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Congrats to our Kim, and her husband Travis! 
Love your
Rino's Place family!!, Cover Girls dinned with us on Saturday evening!! Chef Tony is a huge fan..... Pretty cool!!, Never forget -nine-eleven!
Forever in our hearts! ❤️❤️, ....often imitated, never duplicated!!, Rino's Place is back from our summer vacation, and ready to serve you the best Italian food in town. We open today at 4:00!, Chef Tony bbq'ing ribeye steak & cheese sandwiches on the beach! Even on his family vacation he cooks! Nothing wrong with having your own personal chef on vacation if I may say so myself!!, It's that time of year again, for our much needed summer vacation!

Rino's Place will be closed from Saturday, August 16th thru Saturday, August 23rd. We will reopen on Monday, August 25th with regular business hours!

Thank You
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff..., Please go to 
Www.cityvoter.boston.com

And give us a vote! 2 days left...every vote counts!! 

Please & thank you! , We will be closed on Friday the 4th, thru Saturday the 5th. Reopening on Monday the 7th with regular. business hours! Thank you for your continued patronage, and sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you! 

Have a happy & safe 4th of July......
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Please take a second and give us a vote @

boston.cityvoter.com

We thank you in advance!! , Happy Father's Day!!!!, I'm having a feeling Facebook is blocking my posts! I'm thinking they want me to "sponsor" my page which I will not! We are far from cheap, but people will like or not like your page if your sponsored or not. There for, that being said......if you can read my post please give me a like! Enquiring minds want to know......lol!!!

Thanks Tony & Anna!!, boston.cityvoter.com

Time to vote please & thank you!!! , boston.cityvoter.com


Please follow the above link to give us a vote for Best-Traditional Italian! Voting takes place for the next 53 days, and every vote counts! 

Thank You......., http://boston.cityvoter.com

Please take a minute starting next Monday to vote for us in the category Best Italian-traditional! We are up against some tough competition, may the 
Best Italian-traditional win.....!!  , Chef Tony is looking forward to seeing his #bestbuddie Katie this weekend! Gonna be a great time with some amazing people!, null, “Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.”

― John F. Kennedy, Chef Tony meeting his sous chef Katie for this years Best Buddies event! Katie made our famous Lobster Ravioli from scratch. Job well done.....looking forward for the festivities to begin! It's a great opportunity to be involved in such a special charity, chef Tony is honored & looking forward to cooking next to guy & other celebrity chefs!, Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers. Today is our day……..so run as fast as you can and enjoy!, Let's do this #BostonBruins......play #BostonStrong......, Starting today 5/5 thru 5/10 Rino's place will once again be participating in Boston Bakes for Breast cancer. One hundred percent of the proceeds will got to Boston Bakes. Our featured dessert is shown below. It's our customers favorite! We hope to see you all, and don't forget to save some room. 
"One SWEET at a time, we can help make a difference"

We thank you in advance,
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place!!, It's Chef Tony's birthday today.....sending lots of love from all your staff! HBD...❤️, Chef Tony is honored to be taking part in this years Best Buddy organization! Cooking next to Guy Fieri is a great honor, along with other Boston chefs. We look forward to seeing our special buddy Mikey! Let the festivities begin......., Now that's a lot of Lobster Ravioli in the making! We made need the big rolling pin for this one!!! #cheftony #rinosplace #lobsterravioli #DDD #bestitalianfoodintown, Loves the fact that Boston Marathon runners have dined with us over this past weekend & continue to do so tonight!! Carb over load, nothing like a bowl of homemade pasta! 
#BOSTONSTONG
all day, everyday!!, Buona Pasqua to all our favorite peeps around the world......., Today BOSTON is one year STRONGER.....

#BOSTONSTRONG!!, A special thanks to the Saugus Girls Travel Basketball Team! We hope you enjoyed your dinner! Great season girls & coaches!
FAMILY ON 3!!!, Our thoughts & prayers are with our fallen hero's tonight! Our deepest condolence to the Walsh & Kennedy families, and to their brothers who are here mourning their loss.  Rest easy, forever our hero's, forever in our hearts!, Krug knows where to go for the best Italian food in town!, We Thank You for your continued patronage, and appreciate your business!, Just about sums it up!!, ....up next Rino's Place!!, null, null, From all of us at Rino's Place!!, From all of us at Rino's Place!!, Unbeknown to us, we were featured last night on Diners, Drive ins & Dives on an episode featuring Guys favorite Italian restaurants!!! Way to go Chef Tony & staff!!, Rino's will be closed today for lunch due to the snow storm. The dining room will open today at 3 O'clock! Please keep in mind that you may park in the Sacred Heart Church parking lot located on Paris Street. Be safe, and hope to see you later for some good'ole Italian food!!!!, ....and we make'em pretty good too!!, We're back, and ready to go! Opening today at 4:00!, We will be closed for our much needed winter vacation from Monday, January 20th thru Saturday, January 25th. We will reopen on Monday, January 27th with regular business hours!!

Thank You!!, We are OPEN! Please keep in mind you may park in the Sacred Heart Church parking lot which is located on Paris Street! Just about a block away....hope to see you soon!!, Due to the pending snow storm, Rino's will be closing at 4:00 to ensure the safety of our employees getting home safely. We will remain closed Friday for lunch hours (only), and open the dining room up at 3:00! 

Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you. 

Stay safe our fellow Bostonians!!!, Happy Two Thousand-Fourteen from our family to yours. To all our customers both old and new we wish you all love, health, prosperity and of course good food in the new year! Your continued patronage is always appreciated, and we look forward to serving the best Italian food in town in 2014....

Much Love,
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place!, Time to make the Ravioli's.......

Rino's will be open from 8-3 today for gift card purchases & per-ordered orders to go only! 

We wish you all a joyous Christmas! 

Merry Christmas from all of us at Rino's Place......

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff!!!, 46 orders for Christmas Eve pick up. 6 more then I was suppose to take. It's hard to turn away our loyal customers. I'm sorry  for those of you who didn't get their order in on time! Thank you in advance, your continued patronage in extremely appreciative! Let the cooking begin!!!!, We will be taking orders for Christmas Eve pick up  until the 20th of December. Please call Anna at 
617-413-6390 to inquire with in!

Tis the season to be jolly!!, Even though we are BIG  in food, we are still a small business! Support your local small business's today!, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Rino's Place!, We salute you........past, present & future Veterans!!!, ........up next Rino's Place!, Congrats to our Boston Red Sox!!! From worst to first....NICE!!!, Let's go Boston Red Sox.... Finish'em off tonight! One & Done!! Boston Strong!!, .....forever in our hearts
NINE-ELEVEN
never forget....., We will be closed on Monday, September 2nd in observance of Labor Day. We will reopen on Tuesday, September 3rd with regular business hours! 

Thank You!!, We're back from  our much needed vacation. Doors open tomorrow evening at 4! Chef Tony, the kitchen crew & our servers and staff are ready to go. See you then!!, Rino's Place will be closed from Saturday, August 17th thru Saturday, August 24th for our much needed summer vacation. We will reopen on Monday, August 26th with regular business hours!!  

Thank You
Tony & Anna
and our staff!, null, Please vote for us at bostoncityvoter.com for Best Italian tradition!! We thank you in advance!!, Happy 4th of July from all of us at Rino's Place. We will be closed today, but will reopen tomorrow at 3 o'clock! Enjoy your day with family & friends. Most importantly don't forget to drink & EAT!!!!, Up next Rino's Place...., Happy Fathers Day!, Lets go Bruins!!!, The Patriot's backup QB (Mallet) visiting Rino's tonight!! Shown with Cheryl, Brianna, Lois & Anthony!!, Some plates Guy signed for our staff! They said as usual he was very friendly, out going & and had a blast!! It says a lot when a celebrity chef comes back time & time again to eat when he's in town. Why no?!?, Surprise Visit from Guy tonight!, null, Oklahoma, you are in our thoughts & prayers! 

OKLAHOMA STRONG, Happy Mother's Day!!, Getting ready for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer 2013. Please come in and enjoy our dessert of the week, one hundred percent of the proceeds goes to BBB! Our dessert of the week is a cannoli filled with our very own pink ricotta filling topped with  a breast cancer pink chocolate ribbon made from scratch from our waitstaff! At Prima e Dopo you can enjoy a piece of Homemade Tira Misu topped with our homemade pink chocolate breast cancer ribbon as well.  Starts tomorrow Monday May 6th thru Saturday May 11th! One sweet at a time we can make a difference!!

We Thank You in advance!
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place
and
Prima e Dopo, Happy Birthday to Chef Tony!!!, We loved being featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives!  Check out the newest DDD book by Guy Fieri! Buy a copy here:  http://bit.ly/ZgLeT2, Boston Strong, Boston One, Boston Love! To all emergency personnel be safe, all of us from Rino's Place are thinking of you & we Thank You in advance for your hard work and keeping us safe.... ONE LOVE!, On this day Boston will stand strong and over come the tragedies that happened today. Our thought's and prayers are with all that have been affected by this evil act of terror., Buona Pasqua family & friends!!

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all!!!, Tune in tomorrow morning at 10 to watch Joe from Prima e Dope making his famous Sangria with Billy Costa on TV Diner!!!, Tune in tomorrow t 10:00 to, ...... Up next Rino's Place on DDD!! As Guy said " you gotta come meet this cat".......!!!, http://boston.eater.com/archives/2013/02/14/vote-for-the-hottest-chef-in-boston-round-one.php, Sorry for the confusion but Chef Tony decided to close today to restock and most importantly make the sidewalk and surrounding area clean and safe for our staff and customers. We will be open tomorrow at 11:00, and don't forget we have access to the parking lot on Paris street. A quick 5 minute walk.... Hope to see you all soon....

Thank You!, We are happy to open tomorrow (Monday) with regular business hours. Although parking will be tough due to the snow,  we would like to thank Fr. Wayne in advance from the Sacred Heart Church for allowing you ( our customers) to park in the church parking lot for both Rino's & Prima.  It is located on Paris street, which is less then a 5 minute walk. Just think after eating our delicious food, a 5 minute walk will do you good.... We thank you, and hope to see you soon!!

Tony & Anna 
and our staff from
Rino's Place
and
Prima E Dopo, We will remain closed today! We will reopen Monday with regular business hours!! Be safe......, We will be closing today at 3:00 due to the travel ban in effect. Our main goal is getting all of our employees home safe to their families. Again, we thank you for your continued patronage. Be safe, keep warm & don't forget to eat!

Tony & Anna
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Due to the pending Blizzard, we will do our best to remain open serving the best Italian food around. However, please call just to be safe. I will update you all if we choose to close. Be safe, keep warm & don't forget to eat!!

Rino's Place, After a week long vacation we are ready to serve you. Doors open at 11:00, hope to see you here!!!, Chef Tony and his family enjoying a well deserved vacation!, All I can say is we have the best staff....wow what a surprise!!, Happy New Year from all of us at Rino's Place. A huge "Thank You" to all of our old and new,  with out you there would be no us! We wish all of you health, happiness and a prosperous 2013. See you all next year, you know where we'll be, hope to see you there....

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Merry Christmas from all of us at Rino's Place!!, Getting ready to celebrate Christmas with out staff from both Rino's and Prima e Dopo! Tony and I are so lucky to have great people working for us! It is our time to show you all how much each and everyone of you  is appreciated!!!  See you soon.... Don't forget your $20 scratch ticket for the swop! Good times, great friends = Love!!, We are no longer excepting Christmas Eve orders. 40 plus orders going out between 8-3. Chef Tony said " what, no body wants to cook anymore"..... Hope you got your order in?!?... We will be there from 8-3 on the 24th for you last minute shoppers. Gift cards available is any dollar amount. Looking forward to spending the holidays with family, friends and loved ones!!!, Our thoughts and prayers are with all involved in this horrific tragedy that occurred today. May the angels welcome them with open arms and guide their loved ones through this day that will never be forgotten.......our hearts are heavy here in Rinos Place....

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff....., null, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us to all of you!!

Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place, Rinos Place being used in an up coming reality show, for the setting only! Those who know us, will spot us out! Those who don't will think it's the new local hotspot. I can't say the name of the show or the name of this so called restaurant. In time it will be out.....the scene that i saw being shot , all i can say is......What a hoot....!., Come on in this Wednesday night 11/21, and start your night off right @ Prima e Dopo! The one night a year everyone looks forward to going out. Come join us for a drink to start off the 2012 holiday season right...Brick Red on tap, Snow Drift Vanilla Porter, Wood Chuck Hard Cider just to mention a few. Joe will be mixing up some festive holiday drinks! Need I remind you of Chef Moe's appetizers that are to die for. Cheers to you and us, Come on down & join us for a drink!!! Hope to see you there..., Don't miss us tonight on the Food Network @ 9:00! Yes, that's right it's on again!!! Get ready for Chef Tony's mouth watering famous Lobster Ravioli!!!, The holidays are here, which means its time to start thinking of your holiday work party. We are booking up fast. All Sundays are gone. We will do our best to accommodate your day/evening and time. Also, taking orders for trays of food for Christmas Eve pick up. We will be open on Christmas Eve from 8-3 for pre orders to go and gift cards only. Chef Tony does it all.... seafood salad, stuffed calamari, bacala, smelts and even your everyday favorites. Call Anna with any questions you may have at 617-413-6390! 

How will you be serving your turkey this Thanksgiving? Stuffed and baked or deep fried?  Our family does both, I can smell it now...can't forget all the trimmings!!!, Trick or Treat
smell my feet
give me something good to EAT!! 

Happy Halloween
from all of us at
Rino's Place......., Due to the pending storm, Rino's Place will be closed today. We shall reopen tomorrow with regular business hours if safe to do so. Be safe and don't forget to eat!!

Tony & Anna Dicenso, TO JEREMY------Thank you so much for posting our episode of DDD to our website. By the way my name is Anna, my husband Tony and I are the owners of Rino's Place. I enjoyed watching the clip again. I hope you make it down to us someday. What you see in the video is what we are all about. Being on the show tripled our business. We were always a busy place, but being on DDD not only increased our business, it actually proved to us that we love what we do. Again, I hope you make it done someday, would love to meet you!!!

Thanks, much appreciated
Anna Dicenso, null, Well we are ready to go! Tables are set, floors are washed, bathroom is clean, and the doors will open at 11:00 Wednesday morning. A huge shout out to our employees who pitched in to help us today, we couldn't of did it with out you. Now that's what I call FAMILY! On a much realistic note, 

Our hearts are with all the victims & their families....
NINE ELEVEN
Never forget......., To those who's lives were lost,
and to those who continue to fight each day & each night. We 
Thank You........
NINE/ELEVEN, We are pleased to announce we will be reopening on Wednesday September 12th with regular business hours. Thank you for you support during our construction. It was long over due, but now complete! We looking forward to seeing you all. Please call 617-567-7412 to make a reservation for parties of 6 or more, I assume the phone will be ringing off the hook. We look forward to all the craziness & to see your smiling faces.....

Tony & Anna, null, null, Happy Labor Day from all of us @ Rino's Place....just an update! Construction is just about complete. 2 more days of working, then it's clean up time. I do have a reopening date in mind, but won't say until we are sure! What I will tell you is that it's next week. We are the same ole great place serving the best Italian food with newer windows, and a fresh coat of paint! As soon as I am assured the date, you all will be the first to know!

Enjoy your day, and remember......

Live Well
Eat Much, and
Laugh Often!!!

See you all soon.....
Tony & Anna
and our staff from
Rino's Place!!, Thought our customers would like to view this email I received today! Not sure what to make of it. Let me know what you think..... Thanks Tony & Anna!!  

Take a peak at our website first
www.rinosplace.com

hey, maybeyou should throw a note on your webpage that your building is ripped apart so fools wont drive to east boston? thanks asshole, Things are moving along with our renovations! We are told the new windows are going in. I received a phone call that was very funny, it was a customer trying to find us he was in Day Square. He was told that our building was condemned, and we are no longer in business.  I reassured him it wasn't and that we would be back open for business ASAP. It's funny how rumors get started.  Stay tuned for our reopening date! 

Thanks
Tony & Anna!, We're taking some before & after pictures for all of you. Things are on schedule and running smoothly. Check back for updated info! Keep in mind Prima e Dopo is open where you can enjoy Joe's famous Sangria, also, Chef Moe is grilling up some of the best pizza around. Come on by!!!, Chef Tony doesn't know what to do with himself! He's been there every morning like clock work!!, null, null, null, null, We're taking some before & after pictures for all of you. Things are on schedule and running smoothly. Check back for updated info! Keep in mind Prima e Dopo is open where you can enjoy Joe's  famous Sangria, also, we're grilling up some of the best pizza around. Come on by!!!, We would like to thank all of our loyal customers both old and new for their continued patronage and support throughout our construction process. We will miss you, as you will miss us. Keep in mind our closing date is Monday, August 13th until further notice. We will do our best to reopen as soon as possible. This is just as hard for us as it is for you. Being out of business for 4 weeks isn't easy in this economy. We are working with the best, and reassure you our reopening date will be posted as soon as we know. Keep in mind we are not going to be bigger or have more tables, and the wait will still be long, but that only proves we are the best around, thanks to you our customers. Chef Tony and his crew will be right back in the swing of things cooking the best Italian food around.  Our waitstaff will be back in full effect ready to serve you! We can't THANK YOU enough!! 

Thank You
Tony & Anna Dicenso
and our staff from
Rino's Place!!, To our valued customers. Rino's Place will be closing on Monday,  August 13th for construction. We plan on being closed for 4 weeks. We will keep you all updated via our website www.rinosplace.com and our voice mail @ 617-567-7412 on our progress and our reopening date. We reassure you as soon as we know you will now. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. When we do reopen we will be the same size, and still have only 13 tables. Whats most important is we will still be serving the best Italian food around, that you have our promise on. Again, we apologize in advance. Tony & Anna Dicenso and our staff from Rino's Place! If you should have questions pertaining to the construction you may call me directly @ 617-413-6390....Thank You!, Repeat! Check out Chef Tony cooking it up with Guy Fieri tonight @ 10:30 on the Food Network! Like Guy said " you gotta come meet this cat"!!, Happy 4th of July to all. We will be closed July 4th & 5th. We will reopen on Friday, July 6th at 4 O'clock!!! Be safe & enjoy your holiday......

Tony & Anna Dicenso
And staff, null, Look who showed up tonight!!!, Canning with my son in the rain, not fun!!!, Wide receiver Julian Edelman from the New England Patriots dined with us tonight!!! Along with Greg Hill from WAAF......, GRONK coming to Rino's....WHAT????, Guy made a guest appearance tonight. He started off at Prima e Dopo & then enjoyed dinner at Rino's Place! Now that's what I'm talking about......then we all enjoyed some drinks at Howl at the Moon! Thanks Guy for a great night...you are welcomed back anytime., Happy Mothers Day !!!, Please come in during the week of Mothers Day starting Monday,  May 7th. We are once again participating in Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer.  100 percent of the proceeds go to Boston Bakes. The dessert of the week will be our famous cannoli filed with our homemade pink ricotta filling topped with a pink chocolate breast cancer ribbon. With your help we can make a difference one dessert at a time. Hope to see you there.

We Thank You in advance, 

Tony & Anna Dicenso and our staff!, null, Their back!! Washington Capitals getting their  Rino's Place fix before taking the ice!!!, Buona Pasqua from all of us at Rino's Place!!, Washington Capitals enjoying dinner with us tonight! Chef Tony with Alex Ovechkin!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!, Please check out our facebook page for "PRIMA E DOPO" and like it! We hope to see you "BEFORE and AFTER" you eat.....Thanks in advance! Tony & Anna, We are proud to announce " Prima e Dopo " will be open to he public as of Monday, February 13th! Business hours are Monday - Thursday 3 to close, Friday 12 to close, and Saturday 3 to close! On Fridays the kitchen opens at 4 pm.! Some of our menu items are - Grilled pizza - Margarita, Scampi, & Rapi and Sausage. We also have Tony's chicken wings marinated in evoo, balsamic vingar, rosemary, garlic, salt & pepper. We have an array of beers on tap, as well  as wines on tap, house speciality drinks, coffee drinks & after dinner drinks and I can't forget the desserts! We are located at 300 Saratoga St. East Boston. We open to see you " Before & After " you eat!!!, Wishing our Patriots good luck in today's Super Bowl game!!! Go Pats..., Here is the bar where you can enjoy  beer on tap, a martini of your choice or even the newest craving on the market wine on tap! That's right Prima e Dopo has it. For all who is wondering " Prima e Dopo" means " Before & After" our slogan is " The place to meet Before & After you eat" I hope to see you there!, null, Our new place is coming along! Here is a sneak peek! The decor is fab, as well is the food, drinks & desserts. As soon as I have an opening date I will post it. No more waiting out side or in your car, now you can wait at Prima e Dopo, located directly across the street!, All of us at Rino's Place have a heavy heart today. We received some sad news. One of the most caring, loving, out going, beautiful person inside & out was taken to rest.  Our thoughts & prayers go out to the Brown family. Rest In Peace Mary Jo. Your smiling face will live on forever!, Wishing our Patriots a great win today. It's going to be a Gronk of a game....!!!, A big shout out to all of our staff for the great going away gift to our family. You are all greatly appreciated. Now that we've all had a relaxing week off, back to the grind tomorrow. Our customers are waiting for great food & great service by all! That's right Rino's Place is back in full affect! Open with regular business hours starting tomorrow Monday January 16th!!, From all of us, to all of you. We wish you a Happy, Healthy & Prosperous 2012! Happy New Year from all of us at Rino's Place. Tony  & Anna Dicenso and staff.., Merry Christmas from our Rino's Place family to yours!!! Enjoy your day with great family, friends, food & wine, I know we will!!, Giving a huge shout out to my husband Chef Tony & his kitchen crew for pulling an all nightie last night. Preparing all orders going out today. I must say our staff rocks!! Merry Christmas Eve to all of our old, new & loyal customers! without you we would be nothing!!, Chef Tony's children Sadie & Nico!!
Tis' the season to be jolly!!!, Christmas staff party!!, Chef Tony & his kitchen crew Christmas party 2011, Staff Christmas party 2011, Our staff Christmas party 2011, Our staff Holiday party 2011, Wilma & Carlo - the best kitchen crew ever!!, Our staff Christmas party 2011, Our show on the Food Network is about to air, yet again!!! Enjoy, We are now excepting orders to go for Christmas Eve. Anything you want from the Italian tradition 7 fish dinner, to the old time favorites. Also booking Holiday office parties for off site catering.  Don't hesitate to call,  no party to big or small.......Wishing you all a Happy, Healthy Holiday Season!, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Rino's Place!!, Don't forget to watch us on the CW56 on "THE DISH". 10 o'clock news is on now!!!!, Don't forget to tune in to WHDH & CW-56 to watch us on " The Dish" to see chef Tony & Dylan Dreyer cook our famous Homemade Ravioli....

Thursday November 3rd @ 10 pm on channel CW-56, Friday November 4th @ 9 am, noon time & 5 pm on channel 7, and Saturday November 5th on the morning show!

We hope you enjoy!!!!!, Well tonight was the night for that  " someone special ". Although the one we were looking most forward to meeting couldn't make it,  we were still thrilled & honored to have some of  the band members from  AEROSMITH & management  join us for dinner! It was our pleasure to meet them all & maybe just maybe the next time they come back they'll  bring Steven Tyler with them...., Has a special someone coming in to dine with us. Shhhhh it's a secret, can't tell you when!!! Any guesses-----, Chef Tony & Dylan Dreyer from 7 News!!, Chef Tony will be filmimg with Dylan Dreyer from channel 7. He will be doing a segment for " The Dish ". We will keep you posted on the air date!!!  Homemade Cheese Ravioli is the dish he will be making.....yummo!, We are back from vacation, a well deserved one! Opening Monday @ 4, see you then!!!, Is proud to announce to all of our regular's, new-bee's & old time favorites coming in September 2011 the grand opening of " BEFORE & AFTER" . Located right across the street. The place to meet BEFORE & AFTER dinner! We are all very excited about our new place, we hope you will be too...Thanks Tony & Anna Dicenso, CONGRATS TO US FOR MAKING "THE BEST OF BOSTON" IN THE IMPROPER BOSTONIAN!  BEST ITALIAN-AMERICAN.......NOW THATS WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!, Check out this great picture of Chef Tony, and his family with our special guest of the night Mark Walburg! What a pleasure it was to meet him. Two weeks in a row he has dined with us, you know what that means Mark is hooked on Rino's.......What a man!!!!!, Thank You Zagat! Thumbs up to my husband Chef Tony, our waitstaff, and customers. We did it again!!!!
Rino's Place | East Boston | Information, Menus and Reviews from Zagat 
www.zagat.com
Read Rino's Place's review at Zagat.com. See Rino's Place menu & photos, get directions, make a reservation and browse other restaurants, Thanks to everyone who came in & supported Boston Bakes this year! It was a great success! With your help, I knew we could make a difference .... 

Truly Yours
Tony & Anna Dicenso, Don't forget to come on down  for a GREAT DINNER, and please save room for our special DESSERT of the week. In honor of BOSTON BAKES FOR BREAST CANCER, we are featuring a homemade CANNOLI  filled with chef Tony's PINK ricotta filling, topped with a BREAST CANCER RIBBON COOKIE!  100 percent of the proceeds go directly to BOSTON BAKES. With YOUR help we can make a diffrence. Hope to see you all, Tony & Anna Dicenso, Wish us luck tomorrow, and then maybe, just maybe we can let you all in on our surprise!!!, Buona Pasqua to you & your's  from all of us at Rino' s Place!!!, Rino's Place is once again participating in the Boston Bakes For Breast Cancer! Throughout the week of May 2nd,  please come in and dine with us leaving room for our featured  dessert! We will be serving a homemade cannoli filled with our very own pink ricotta filling. 100 0/0 of the proceeds go directly to Boston Bakes!  With your help we can make a difference! We " Thank You " in advance.

Tony & Anna Dicenso, In time we would like to share some great news with you all. We think it's something that all of you will enjoy! Until then mum's the word.

Thanks Tony & Anna Dicenso, It's hard to imagine that out of our little kitchen, between sit down, and take out we cooked up 197 dinner's lastnight. A big shout out to all of our waitstaff, and kitchen help for a record breaking night!!!, WATCH US TONIGHT @ 9:30 ON THE FOOD NETWORK!!!!, We will be closed for our winter vacation from 12/31/10 -1/8/2011. We will reopen on Monday January 10, 2011 with regular business hours. Happy New Year from all of us at Rino's Place...., Will be open from 8 a.m - 3 p.m. on Christmas eve for gift certificates & food orders only. It's not to late to place your order...seafood salad, stuffed calamari, bacacla, or even a pasta dish of your choice...Merry Christmas & Happy New Year from all of us at Rino's Place, WAS HONORED TO BE CHOOSEN BY THE WASHINGTON CAPITALS TO CATER THEIR FLIGHT OUT OF BOSTON TONIGHT. IT WAS GREAT SEEING ALL THE PLAYERS, ALTHOUGH THEY LOST TO OUR HOME TEAM, WE WERE MORE THEN HAPPY TO TAKE PART IN THEIR VISIT TO BOSTON!!!, Vote for Rino's Place as BEST Place to Taste Sauce like Mom's on the CityVoter Boston A-List. Every vote counts!
CityVoter Boston A-List :: Rino's Place 
Your votes determine the best local businesses on the CityVoter Boston A-List.
. 
 
2 minutes ago via CityVoter · Friends Only ·LikeUnlike · Comment · Read More, For those of you who missed the show, tune in at 9 on The Food Network tonight to watch it!!!, As of 9:00 tonight, Chef Tony and his kitchen crew has rolled out, stuffed, boiled and sauteed over 600 Lobster Ravioli. Now that's what I'm talking about!!!!!!, We now have DDD T-shirts for sale! Both long sleeve & short. All sizes, 3 colors to choose from. Come on by and pick one up. Let everyone know where you go for "The Best Italian Food In Town"!!, I WOULD LIKE TO SAY THANK YOU TO ALL THE PEOPLE WHO WATCHED THE SHOW LASTNIGHT, AND WHO COMMENTED. AS YOU CAN TELL WE DO IT RIGHT!  FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO KNOW US, OR WHO HAS DINED WITH US,  YOU KNOW YOU ONLY GET NOTHING BUT THE BEST HERE. I AM SO OVER WHELMED WITH THE NUMBER OF EMAILS I HAVE RECIEVED! WE COULD'NT HAVE DONE IT WITH OUT YOU! RINO'S PLACE ROCKS, AND SO DO OUR CUSTOMERS BOTH OLD & NEW!, Thanks to everybody who watched the show! It came out amazing! My husband looked like a pro, wait a minute thats right he is a pro....hahah........thanks again!!!!, Well it's almost "OUR" time to shine, In just about an hour,  tune in to the FOOD NETWORK channel to watch my husband Chef Tony cook up some real Italian food with Chef Guy Fieri. We are so excited!!! To all of our valued customers,  family & friends " We did it, We made it to national T.V." Thanks to all of you!!! Tony & Anna Dicenso, 2 more days, so excited!!!!, The count down is on,  6 more days til the show is on! To our valued customers, family & friends, Rino's will be closed on Monday 10/25 so we can view the show together with our staff. We will be celebrating together with food, wine and can't forget yummy dessert!!! We hope you enjoy the show! It would'nt be possiable if it was'nt for you "OUR CUSTOMERS". We Thank You all , Tony & Anna Dicenso, Save the date 10/25! Watch as Chef Tony cook's it up with Guy Fieri on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives on the Food Network!, Is pleased to announce that we will be featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on Monday October 25th @ 10:00 p.m on the Food Network. As Guy Fieri said "THIS PLACE IS OFF DA HOOK", I know this may sound crazy, but I just got my first booking for a Christmas party! Tis the season to be jolly!!!!!, Like I said, In time we will tell. I am proud & honored to say Chef Tony was in a shoot with Chef Guy from the Food Network. We will be on DINERS, DRIVE IN"S & DIVES..........What a great pleasure it was to meet him & his team...Enjoy the pictures......more info to follow....., Chef Tony was honored to bring Guy Fieri on a tour of Boston today. They hit up China Town for some lunch, and then headed down the North End. They paid a special visit to Caffe Graffiti to visit Tony's good friends. We hope Guy enjoyed and is welcomed back anytime!!!!!!, WELCOMES GUY FIERI ANYTIME!!, Like I said, In time we will tell. Today is the day to tell. I am proud & honored to say Chef Tony was in a shoot with Chef Guy from the Food Network. We will be on DINERS, DRIVE IN"S & DIVES..........What a great pleasure it was to meet him & his team...Enjoy the pictures......more info to follow....., null, null, IS SO HONORED & EXCITED!!!!!, Don't forget, tomorrow kickes off "Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer" week. Come on in for a delicious meal, and don't forget to save some room for our featured dessert. Homemade cannoli shell filled with a pink ricotta filling sprinkled with powered sugar and topped with a hand-cut pink choclate "Breast Cancer" awearness ribbon. 100 0/0 of the proceeds goes to Boston Bakes. With your help we can make a diffrence., It's that time of year again! Rino's is now excepting communion, graduation, or what ever party reservations you are planning in house or at your choice of place. Sunday's we are closed for private functions and seat up to 45 people, or we will come and set up a buffet at your choice of place. No party to big or to small. Have chef Tony make your party the best it can be. For more information call Anna @ 617-413-6390, This is our dessert we will be featuring through out the week of May 7th. 100 0/0 of the proceeds will go to Breast Cancer. We hope to see you all! With your help, we can make a difference, one dessert at a time.  Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer 2012, Chef Tony has done it again. We were featured today on Phantom Gourmet "GREAT 8" restaurant's.  Featuring our "Lobster Ravioli"  one of the Phantom's favorite....., THE DESSERT WE WILL BE FEATURING STARTING  MAY 3RD - MAY 9TH  WILL BE, YOUR CHOICE OF A CANNOLI SHELL FILLED WITH OUR HOMEMADE "PINK" RICOTTA FILLING SPRINKLED WITH POWERED SUGAR, AND TOPPED WITH A "PINK" CHOCOLATE BREAST CANCER AWARENESS RIBBON. 100 0/0 OF THE PROCEEDS WILL GO DIRECTLY TO "BOSTON BAKES FOR BREAT CANCER" . WITH YOUR HELP WE CAN MAKE A DIFFRENCE !!, TO ALL OF OUR VALUED CUSTOMERS, FRIENDS & FAMILY. RINO'S PLACE HAS BEEN INVITED TO PARTICIPATE IN "BOSTON BAKES FOR BREAST CANCER". DURING THE WEEK OF MAY 3RD THRU MAY 10TH WE WILL BE SERVING A SPECIAL DESSERT, 100 0/0 OF THE PROCEEDS WILL GO TO BREAST CANCER AWARENESS. WE ARE HONORED TO BE PART OF THIS. WE WILL KEEP YOU POSTED ON THIS EVENT......, TO ALL OF OUR VALUED CUSTOMERS, FRIENDS & FAMILY. RINO'S PLACE HAS BEEN INVITED TO PARTICIPATE IN "BOSTON BAKES FOR BREAST CANCER". DURING THE WEEK OF MAY 3RD THRU MAY 10TH WE WILL BE SERVING A SPECIAL DESSERT, 100 0/0 OF THE PROCEEDS WILL GO TO BREAST CANCER AWARENESS. WE ARE HONORED TO BE PART OF THIS. WE WILL KEEP YOU POSTED ON THIS EVENT......, HAPPY THANKSGIVING FROM ALL OF US AT RINO'S PLACE...., HELLO FROM ALL OF US AT RINO'S PLACE, THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD AROUND......)