List(The Golden State Warriors owner was not knocking the San Antonio Spurs, If LeBron James leaves the Cleveland Cavaliers without winning a championship his brand will never recover from it., It was time for the Houston Texans to move away from Brian Hoyer., The Houston Rockets' season is pretty much a wash., The venom that existed between Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O' Neal is non-existent here., It's a real struggle to watch what's going on with the Minnesota Timberwolves right now., Catch your boy on General Hospital today at 2p et on ABC Television Network. My man Denzel Washingtonsaid he'll be watching ready to critique. #SASonGH, I honored, humbled and had a ball., LeBron James is consistent in what he does and that's all that matters., I love Russell Westbrook's attitude. 

WATCH: http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=15097034, I think the Cincinnati Bengals should be ranked higher than the Denver Broncos., I don't even want to talk to D'Angelo Russell #1 right now. You gotta be kidding me!, Y'all know good & damn well I've got a whole bunch to say today. The Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Right NOW!!!!!, Check me out on General Hospital on Thursday, It's a DAMN shame Kobe Bryant allowed this to be done to him., New UFC champ Miesha Tate made a visit to The Stephen A. Smth Show.

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/miesha-tate-joins-stephen-a, ICYMI: Here's my thoughts on the DISGUSTING, EMBARRASSING & RIDICULOUS LA Lakers., I might have to take Buddy Hield No. 3 overall., It would've been nice to see Coach K's face when he was making an apology., Here's why I think Klay Thompson is a better shooter than Reggie Miller & Ray Allen., Don't forget to catch me as "Brick" on General Hospital with my man Maurice Benard on Thursday and Friday., Discussing this transgender issue that's taking place in North Carolina on The Stephen A. Smith Show., Time to get into these Final Four teams and former UCONN Head Coach Jim Calhoun joins me at 2p et., I'm trying to figure out how anyone's going to beat UNC now. The Heels are so big. May take an explosion from Buddy Hield to stop them., The Cleveland Cavaliers loss to the Brooklyn Nets is somewhat alarming., Bruce Arians is just protecting the integrity of football., I love the new touchback rule., This is why Coach K is wrong about ESPN..., Who the hell does Chip Kelly think he's fooling?, Do you think we are the only creatures in the universe?, Man, I'm about to do the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82 right now. Can't wait to talk Robert Griffin III, LeBron James, and this new story about Michael Sam and how the NFL may have facilitated him getting pick by the St. Louis Rams. 

Tune in. Call....888.Maddog6, Stay tuned to more on The Stephen A. Smith Show including me getting into LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers and Indiana University Head Coach Tom Crean joins me at 2:30p et., Lock in. The Stephen A. Smith Show is LIVE on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82., I hope LeBron James has an attitude with a lot of people., Skip Bayless is UNBELIEVABLE., Signing w/the Dallas Cowboys was a smart move for Alfred Morris., My one beef w/ LeBron James.

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-on-lebron, In studio: The Stephen A. Smith Show, Needless to say, I'll elaborate one last time on Glenn Robinson, first on ESPN First Take in a few minutes, then on my radio show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio later., Michigan State Basketball had no answers for being punched in the mouth by Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU)., This is the bigger problem w/ Dwight Howard..., You have to really step back & hear where Richard Sherman is coming from., The Town Hall with myself and Karen Hunter is on SiriusXM Urban View Channel 126 right now. No Holds Barred. Check it out!!!, Give the San Antonio Spurs their props but how many times will Stephen Curry struggle like this?, Carmelo Anthony needs to waive his trade clause and this is why:, Time for The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82., I think the Denver Broncos should consider trading for AJ McCarron to replace Peyton Manning., My personal opinion is that the chances for Kevin Durant signing w/the Boston Celtics are SLIM to NONE., I'm uncomfortable w/Chicago dictating player's habits., If Blake Griffin isn't back soon then something's not right., null, ICYMI...Here's my interview w/ Villanova Basketball Head Coach Jay Wright: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/jay-wright-w-stephen-a-smith, The greatest college basketball show I've ever seen was with Dwyane Peal Washington and Syracuse., Yeah! Yeah! I'm looking sooooo forward to this with my girl Karen Hunter., On a pro level Ben Simmons will be UNLEASHED.

WATCH: http://es.pn/1R16qHf, Everyone gears up to stop Buddy Hield and he still comes through., The % for the Golden State Warriors winning 73 games should be higher., I'm ok w/Phil Jackson just coaching home games and Kurt Rambis coaching on the road., TUNE IN... Michigan St. Head Coach Tom Izzo joins me on The Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 
1-888-Maddog6 is the number to call and holla at your boy., Talking with Navy QB Keenan Reynolds., For folks who didn't see my message to Kobe Bryant on SportsCenter earlier. It's all love people. It's all love!, John Elway needs to go get Ryan Fitzpatrick., ICYMI...Here are my thoughts on Martavis Bryant., More coming up on the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio including Jay Williams breaking down all the March Madness action.

Channel 82 is where you'll find me, call 1-888-Maddog6 and holla at your boy., Time for The Stephen A. Smith Show, null, null, To the Conor McGregor , sorry you lost. Nate Diaz deserves a lot of credit. Didn't know you stepped up 2 classes in weight, tho. #Respect, I would pick Russell Westbrook and Kevin Durant because of their extraordinary talent., null, Talking Tom Brady and Deflategate, Conor McGregor fighting Floyd Mayweather and the Republican debate last night. 
The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio  Channel 82. TUNE IN NOW! Talk to ME. 888.Maddog6, Nobody can blame Tom Brady for trying to protect his reputation., And yes! I felt the need to address how my message to the students at The University of South Alabama from Monday was misconstrued:, I can't say Joe Flacco is more overpaid than Matt Ryan., Please don't miss my show today. Sports and Politics plus Carolina Panthers Defensive Back Josh Norman joins me at 1:15p et. I'm going to leave it at that. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. NOW!, Time for the Dallas Cowboys to stop bringing in players with all that baggage., Blake Griffin is pivotal against the Golden State Warriors., I like Kyrie Irving's reaction to my reporting., null, Talking Tom Brady's extension, Peyton Manning telling folks he's not retiring and Kyrie Irving. The Stephen A. Smith Show is NOW on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 
Talk to ME. 888.Maddog6, I've been told Kyrie Irving is not all that happy with the Cleveland Cavaliers., The Oklahoma City Thunder have to be saying DAMN, what do we have to do to beat this team., I see a whole bunch of folks running their mouths over things I said on ESPN First Take today. Don't y'all know by now I am NOT hard to find??? Tune into the Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.

Call, too:888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. I'm here. #Don'tYouHide!!, Yes. Y'all heard correctly. Me and Skip Bayless are about to give our own comments about Chris Rock's performance at the Oscars last night. Buckle up! I'll leave it at that., Yep! It's absolutely true. Skip Bayless and me are about to comment on Chris Rock's performance at the Oscars. Thaaaaat's riiiiiight!, Still think Oklahoma City Thunder should've won the damn game. I can give you four reasons why, but I'll wait until I'm on ESPN First Take tomorrow. Peace!, Size matters and it always will!, I was TOO disgusted watching the Republican Debate last night. You'll understand why once you hear this., I was absolutely, positively disgusted by what I saw last night with the Republican Debate. Listen to what I had to say here and you'll know why. Please feel free to reply with your thoughts: 
https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-on-republican-debate, null, Man, Steph Curry is something else. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on RIGHT NOW. Let me know your thoughts 888.MADDOG6. Holla!, Kobe Bryant never cheats the fans!, I absolutely, positively love Conor McGregor's press conferences. He's one of my favorite fighters., null, The Pittsburgh Steelers might not be a bad spot for Antonio Cromartie., The Golden State Warriors are so good they are in danger of making this season boring for the rest of us!, null, ICYMI...Here's the 1st segment from today's Stephen A. Smith Show., Peter King joins me at 1:30p et on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio to discuss should the New England Patriots get their draft picks back that were taken away due to Deflategate.

Also talking more NBA and more. TUNE IN...1-888-MADDOG6 is the number to call., Don't do it Floyd Mayweather!!!, For some reason when LeBron James is on the floor with Kevin Durant things don't seem to go Kevin Durant's way., The Dallas Cowboys are back at it AGAIN., null, RIP to (NABJ) National Association of Black Journalists Founder Acel Moore. I'm going to miss him. He was a GREAT man., Talking all NBA right now. Call me NOW...888-MAD-DOG-6., The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is LIVE., Rick Pitino has proven to be one of the greatest coaches in college basketball., I was wrong about Karl Anthony Towns., Monty Williams is a better human being than most of us would be in his shoes., The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on now. Former Indianapolis Colts General Manager Bill Polian says it's a "smear campaign" going on against Peyton. He'll join me on today's show and we're talking the number one team in college basketball and what did and didn't go down at the NBA trade deadline. 
Tune in to Channel 82. The number to call: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. #Holla, The Tar Heels are good but they're not NORTH CAROLINA!, null, Look, I'm tired of talking about Peyton, too. But let's be clear: the real issue is now ignored it was. Had that been someone else....... :)
The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. The number to call: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. #Holla, null, null, My take on Blake Griffin's apology. 
LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-on-blake-griffin, The squad I think the Golden State Warriors will lose their next game to..., ICYMI....Here's my interview with Shaun King from earlier on the Stephen A. Smith Show:, Should be an interesting Stephen A. Smith Show today as Shaun King joins me at 1:30p et to talk about his column on Peyton Manning that has everybody talking. Looking forward to it.
SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 888.Maddog6. #Holla, If I were the Miami Heat I would not trade Hassan Whiteside to the Houston Rockets for Dwight Howard., Time to talk NBA trading deadline! 
Check out the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 888.Maddog6. #Holla, If this was Tom Brady or Drew Brees we would be talking about this., null, Tune in to Channel 82 for more Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. Call up with your questions and comments at 1-888-Maddog6., In honor of Presidents Day here's my sports Mt. Rushmore: 
Derek Jeter
Magic Johnson
Michael Jordan
Muhammad Ali, Aaron Gordon was my highlight from the slam dunk contest., null, Carmelo Anthony wants to be in NY but there is a flipside., Talking a little NBA on the The Dan Le Batard Show with Stugotz on Fusion., null, Guess who's back! The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 

888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646.#Holla, I appreciate Cam Newton for being Cam., I find it inexcusable for Frank Clark to say what he said., I do not believe Marshawn Lynch will stay retired. It wouldn't surprise me to see him join The Oakland Raiders after taking a  year off., If I had a son I'd want him to play for Tom Izzo., Terrell Owens' numbers alone should put him in the Hall of Fame., LISTEN: Talking how Phil's devotion to the triangle will limit options as the New York Knicks search for a new head coach., It's a TRAVESTY that Terrell Owens wasn't a 1st-ballot Hall Of Famer., Derek Fisher gone, recapping #SB50 and more NOW on the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 

Denver Broncos fans that want to get me for picking the Carolina Panthers call 1-888-MADDOG6., I'm only surprised at the timing of this., I got the Carolina Panthers winning #SB50 31-21., To keep Terrell Owens out of the Hall is an out-an-out DISGRACE. Folks allowed their personal feelings to taint their judgement. As far as I'm concerned, Pandora's Box has officially opened. Facts aren't enough; it's about who's liked, too. This is just embarrassing.#TotalBS, Here's my 1-on-1 convo w/ Carolina Panthers defensive back Josh Norman., Johnny Manziel is a triple threat and not in a good way., Just a little message for the day for all of you. I know I'm trying to listen to it:, I think Cam Newton was joking but he’s nowhere near LeBron James’ status yet., Michael Irvin is my boy but we had to have it out over the Dallas Cowboys., LIVE from Radio Row at Super Bowl 50 I have some special guests joining me and more. Tune in NOW to SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Call 1-888-MADDOG6., ICYMI... Patrick Peterson joined me on The Stephen A. Smith Show today. 

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/patrick-peterson-joins-stephen-a-smith, You can catch my interview around the 7:40 mark., When Cam Newton is speaking he's not just speaking about himself but also on behalf of a community that's voiceless., The Detroit Lions continuously quit on their players. Calvin Johnson, Jr. doesn't need to waste anymore of his time nor risk his health., Cameron Newton wants it all and believes he can pull it off!, Peyton Manning does not look the same and has not looked the same!, Time for the Cleveland Browns to walk away from Johnny Manziel., Super Bowl Week, Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook with the LA Lakers & Calvin Johnson, Jr. retiring. All this & more on a fresh Stephen A. Smith show coming at you on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.

Call in 1-888-Maddog6., Another FIRST for yours truly: doing color commentary on a game for the first time in my career. Clippers/Bulls. Wish me luck!!!, Johnny Manziel is probably acting up because he doesn't want to be in Cleveland., Talking big Super Bowl bets w/ RJ Bell., Can't wait to talk Cleveland Cavaliers/ San Antonio Spurs & more on Cameron Newton. Tune into the Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports RadiogRadio 
Call-in # 888.Maddog6. Holla!, Some people may have a problem with Cam Newton because they don’t want him to be successful., There's one reason the Golden State Warriors will repeat as champs..., We all know David Griffin better sneak out of town if he trades LeBron James., Tyronn Lue he needs to hold LeBron James accountable in front of the team., There's no question that Cam Newton should be the top ranked player in Super Bowl 50., Stephen A. Smith & Skip Bayless agree the L.A. Clippers should trade Blake Griffin but for different everal reasons., Here are a few options for what the L.A. Clippers should do with Blake Griffin., Tune in to SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio for my interview w/ Cleveland Cavaliers Head Coach Tyronn Lue RIGHT NOW!, I think I have the solution to the L.A. Clippers situation with Blake Griffin. Tune into the Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.

Call-in # 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. Holla!, I think Phil Jackson has pulled it off!, Here's my interview with Cleveland Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue., We all know the real reason Skip Bayless was mad!!!, If LeBron James was a devout David Blatt supporter he would still be coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers., I expect the Golden State Warriors to break the Chicago Bulls' record of 72 wins with probably 73., null, null, Can't wait to see the Spurs vs. Golden State tonight. I know Tim Duncan can't play and I expect GSW to win, but I'm just interested in seeing how all of this unfolds. Why? Because at the rate this season is going, outside of OKC creeping up on both, what else is there to talk about in the West? 
The Clippers just don't seem to have it. Neither does HOUSTON. And at the rate Dallas and MEMPHIS are going, no one outside of the big 3 should make any noise. So here's to rooting for some noise tonight. I need a compelling 2nd half of the NBA Season.

On to some other topics:
I'll say this much about tonight's DNC Debate: Thank You for having it PrimeTime and on a WEEKDAY -- and not on a football night. We appreciate it. Now most of us can actually get to watch it.

It's still not as entertaining as the Republican Debates, though. And as much as I'm enjoying seeing things start to heat up between Trump, Cruz, Rubio and Christie, I must admit that I miss Carly Fiorina. That's a serious woman. Knows her stuff. Don't know what she doesn't gain enough traction after the debates.
Oh Well!

See y'all soon...., Arizona Cardinals just weren't ready to be punched in the mouth by the Carolina Panthers., Mark it down, Cam Newton is going to be treated like the villain in this battle for the Super Bowl with Peyton Manning., Lots to get into on today's Stephen A. Smith Show. 
Channel 82 SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 1-888-Maddog6 is the number to call!, I think Cam Newton is on destiny's ride right now...I'm picking the Carolina Panthers to win 31-27., I'm going w/the New England Patriots. I'm not betting against Tom Brady in this situation., The buck starts & stops w/Belichick. I don't think Belichick's greatness can be denied., The Place: ESPN. The Show: NBA Countdown. The Time: 7:30pm EST. my first appearance on NBA Countdown since 2008. All I have to say is one thing: Buckle Up People. Here I Come., Don't be surprised to see more moves from the Cleveland Cavaliers., Belichick deserves more credit for Brady’s development and longevity., I wish Josh Gordon nothing but the best but he has a problem. I hope he's been getting some help., I believe there should be a female on every single NFL squad as a coach in some capacity., My instincts say Kevin Love is not a Top 100 NBA player., I was annoyed watching Chip Kelly's San Francisco 49ers press conference., Interested in knowing everyone's thoughts on Will Smith regarding this interview., Antwaan Randle El's statements aren’t good for football., I don't think the Arizona Cardinals' defense is equipped to hold the Carolina Panthers under 20 points., For anyone who didn't hear Spike Lee's thoughts on skipping the Oscar's:, Thanks to Winston-Salem Journal | JournalNow for article below. Here's to hoping this will inspire others to contribute to HBCU's., null, The Stephen A. Smith Show is LIVE on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82:

- Warriors vs. Bulls
- NFL Playoff action
- Oscars

Call-in number: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., I'll talk more about Cleveland Cavaliers/ Golden State Warriors, NFL Playoffs and even the pathetic fan base that is the Dallas Cowboys.

The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82 from 1-3pm EST. Call-in number: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. Holla at me if you dare., Look people, I wish I was being a bit extreme, or engagement in some form of hyperbole. But I'm not when I talk about last night's game in Cleveland between the Cavs vs. Warriors. It was an epic BEATDOWN. Plain and simple.
Steph Curry came out and put them on notice that he was going to bust their you-know-whats! And Cleveland looked completely demoralized. 
The Cavs literally looked like they wanted to give up by the second quarter. They were down by 30 in the first half, by 40 in the third quarter. The Warriors were laughing at them. And LeBron looked helpless. But he wasn't the only one.
So did all of his teammates. Kevin Love didn't help one bit because  not only has he always been a terrible defender, but all he gave you was three points. So with all of that in mind, here's the question:
Is anyone looking forward to the NBA Finals?
The bottom line is the Western Conference Finals appears as if IT'S going to be the NBA Finals. I'm not fully there yet, but it appears is if the only thing that could interrupt the proceedings, per se, and make for a competitive NBA Finals is if the Clippers or Thunder get there instead of the Spurs or Warriors.
The Clippers would miss free throws due to DeAndre Jordan. And Kevin Durant going up against LeBron is usually something that finds a way to work in LeBron's favor. At the moment, it doesn't appear as if Cleveland wants any part of San Antonio or Golden State.
Those are just my initial thoughts. Don't worry, I'll have more soon enough. I just have a show to do., The Cleveland Cavaliers loss to the Golden State Warriors will have a lasting effect!, Martin Luther King's dream alive in NBA, null, I have to go against my The Pittsburgh Steelers...34-23 Denver Broncos., The Seattle Seahawks were my Super Bowl pick at the beginning of the season & I'm sticking w/them. 28-27 SEA., I don't think the Green Bay Packers have what it takes to beat the Arizona Cardinals, The New England Patriots will score enough to win this game, 24-20., The one & only RJ Bell talks all the big action around the NFL playoff games. 

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/rj-bell-joins-stephen-a-smith, null, I'm talking this weekend's NFL playoff games, Chip Kelly coaching the San Francisco 49ers and Jimmy Butler becoming the man on the Chicago Bulls. 
Catch the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82 1-888-MADDOGG6, The Kansas City Chiefs have been impressive enough that I am strongly considering them to beat the New England Patriots, The only way you can lose is if your team stinks., This Dallas Cowboys' season was doomed when Jerry Jones let DeMarco Murray go. Greg Hardy had nothing to do with that., The 3-game suspension was warranted. He deserved it., null, Can't believe Blair Walsh still has a job in Minnesota., I LOVE Derrick Henry as a college player, not so much as a pro., This is all I have to say about Marvin Lewis: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-thinks-marvin-lewis-should-be-fired, Wanted to take a moment to extend my deepest sympathies to the family and loved ones of the great David Bowie. He was revered by all who knew him........and even by those who didn't:

https://twitter.com/honeynoir/status/686584573694717958/photo/1, I can't wait to do radio today. So much stuff to get into. I can't believe how the Bengals ended their game on Saturday. Can't believe Marvin Lewis still has his job. The same could be said for Blair Walsh in Minnesota. Don't even get me started on Brian Hoyer. And, btw, are we sure the Redskins really need to invest long term in Kirk Cousins?
So much to talk about and I can't wait. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM @Maddog Radio Channel 82 is coming at you at the top of the hour. 888.Maddog6 is the number.
Holla!, This is what Redskins' Fans heard The Packers yelling at Kirk Cousins:, I feel very comfortable picking the Seattle Seahawks. I see Seattle winning this game 19-9 over the Minnesota Vikings., I get where Adrian Peterson is coming from regarding Roger Goodell., Why would Calvin Johnson, Jr. want to stay with the losers that the Detroit Lions are?, You can't blame Greg Hardy for everything that went wrong with the Dallas Cowboys., LeBron James can't comment on everything., Before I say anything, let me reiterate what I said on ESPN First Take earlier: My heart goes out to the family of Tamir Rice -- especially his mom. I've seen up close and personal the misery a Mother feels when losing a child (My Mom had to bury my brother in 1992). The pain is immense. The emotions that come with it are predictable -- so I get where Mrs. Rice is coming from.
Unfortunately, however, it does not make her right when it comes to calling out LeBron James.
To be fair, Ladies and Gentlemen, LeBron is a basketball player. He's paid to play basketball. And if we'd like to go further with it, although we all love for celebrities, particularly superstar athletes, to display themselves as socially conscious individuals, it's perfectly within their right to choose when to do so and when not to.
In the case of Tamir Rice, aside from LeBron saying there are bigger issues to address -- which we all know is true -- why go further?
A 12-year-old Black child is shot? Holding a fake gun, no less. There is no doubt in my mind that the case should've gone to trial as opposed to being dropped; that the office-in-training, apparently with a quick trigger, should be on trial. Due Process....Justice...should be the order of the day.
But why is LeBron required to be the one that should bring attention to that? And why call him out when he's been the one most visible in the athletic community compared to some of his contemporaries?
I have more to say, but I've got my radio show on SiriusXM MadDog Radio Channel 82 to do from 1-3pm today so I have to go.
No doubt, I will touch on this. Feel free to call in at 888.Maddog6. I don't run from these issues, but this is just wrong to me.
I'll write more about this before the weekend is over., If you have a problem with what I said on ESPN First Take about Tamir Rice's Mom on LeBron James I have a radio show. 
Call in at 1p et. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. The number is: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646.
As always, I am not hard to find., The LA Lakers season should be all about Kobe Bryant!, I'm sad for Lovie Smith., Congrats to Ken Griffey Jr., What I'm talking about on today's Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.

- Adrian Peterson 
- LA Lakers &  Kobe Bryant 
- Lovie Smith

1-888-MADDOG6 is the number to call., I must say I'm pleased @wale and the crew., I want the Washington Redskins to win & believe they will win., Lovie Smith gets fired. But Jason Garrett and Jeff Fisher get to keep their jobs. You know what??? Man, I'm just gonna go to bed right now., Herm Edwards joins me, talking Kobe Bryant & Magic Johnson, Peyton Manning, Floyd Mayweather & more all on today's Stephen A. Smith show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.
Call 1-888-Maddog6 if you have something to say., Want to know what the stars really think? Follow @PopcornABCNews !, On a separate note, I'm not sure I agreed with everything our President said regarding Gun-Control, but I give him a lot of credit. Love his fight. Love his cause. Love his sincere emotions regarding the matter, and I appreciate the efforts. The only thing I can't help fearing -- always -- is that the bad guys always manage to get their hands on weapons. But hey, I'm no expert on this matter., Ryan Clark is about to come on my radio show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. Then Thomas Davis of the Carolina Panthers. Holla., Time to talk about these NFL coaches. You know what time it is!!! The Stephen A. Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.

1-888-Maddog6 is the number to call., Now we're about to talk about Jason Garrett. Good Lord. The gift that keeps on giving., I see y'all responses. Don't you worry. I'm coming. Coughlin! Garrett! The lack of Black Coaches. The list goes on-and-on. Like I said: Don't say I didn't warn y'all., Boy I can't wait for ESPN First Take today. All this love aimed at Coach Tom Coughlin is just boggling my mind. Don't get me wrong folks, I'm fully aware of the fact that the man is a 2-time Super Bowl Champion. He deserves "respect." But this damn love affair is just making me sick. Is it just me or is it the Giants who've MISSED -- yes, Missed -- six of the last seven postseasons? 
I mean, come on people. Goodness!

P.S. In case you were wondering folks, I WILL BE USING Facebook considerably more. 140 characters on Twitter has limited me long enough :-)
But you can catch me there, too., Chip Kelly needs to sit out a year from being a head coach., Skip really tested me today., What a miserable ending to the New York Jets season., The Seattle Seahawks are COMING., The only surprise about Chip Kelly's firing is the timing., I'm off of ESPN First Take and SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio for the rest of the week. 

See you in 2016., I'm disgusted that The Pittsburgh Steelers will be on the outside looking in at the playoffs., There's time for a NEW VOICE for the New York Giants., Odell Beckham Jr is not a bad guy. He just made a mistake., Tom Brady still has a shot in the MVP race., Tom Cable BE QUIET!!!, I'm picking the Washington Redskins to beat the Philadelphia Eagles 33-27., If Stephen Curry can lead the Golden State Warriors to another title this year I might be willing to say he might win more chips than Michael Jordan., Cam Newton can't lose a game. Tom Brady is playing too sensational in his own right., Special thanks to my man Shannon Sharpe for filling in for me today on ESPN First Take. 

To Skip Bayless and Molly Qerim, I'm great. C u in AM, A message to this kid Felder from Oakland University: I watched you vs. Michigan State University. You are special kid!!!
Keep putting in that work!, Steve Harvey made a grave mistake. He apologized, he manned up. What more can he do?, Getting jiggy with the great Will Smith today. Catch the complete interview on The Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82 at 1p et. #NaNaNanaNaNa.NaNaNaNaNaNa!!!, I'm not backing off my Super Bowl pick of the Seattle Seahawks repping the NFC., Deion Sanders joined me today to set the record straight about what set Odell Beckham Jr off against Josh Norman on Sunday.

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/deion-sanders-joins-the-stephen-a-smith-show-talks-odell-beckham-jr-josh-norman, It's that time again!!! Tune in to The Stephen A. Smith Show Channel 82  SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio., I can see the Carolina Panthers pulling away from the New York Giants in the 4th., I see The Pittsburgh Steelers beating the Denver Broncos 31-23., I don't understand how Jeff Fisher doesn't get blame for the St. Louis Rams' poor records., Here's how you deal w/ Donald J. Trump...DON'T VOTE FOR HIM., As Promised, I spoke on Tom Brady and Donald J. Trump. Here is what I said:, Can't wait for Radio today. YES, I am talking Tom Brady. And Donald J. Trump. Might surprise you with what I have to say, though. Buckle up The Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82....coming at you at 1p et.

888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. Don't say I didn't warn you., I think Dwight Howard thinks he deserves 13-15 shots per game., Tommy Heinsohn has always been must-watch tv., Brandon Marshall believes the best chance for the New York Jets to win is him!, It's SAD & ALARMING that folks out here don't have compassion for Pete Rose., If you know basketball how could 11% of you pick Dwight Howard over DeMarcus Cousins?, Actor Mark Wahlberg revisits the night of the Manny Pacquiao/Floyd Mayweather fight., JR Smith should apologize to Jae Crowder. Here's why..., Listen to this man Mark Wahlberg., New York Giants win. Rajon Rondo and Gays. Pete Rose. All next on the Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports RadioChannel 82. 888.Maddog6 is the number. Holler., I'm going w/the New York Giants. I don't have much faith in the Miami Dolphins., LeSean McCoy came off as incredibly weak., I can't wait to get into this Pete Rose situation! The Stephen A. Smith Show is LIVE on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 1-888-Maddog6 is the number to call., null, My case is the Dallas Cowboys won't be able to score. Eventually the Green Bay Packers will pull away., We all need to band together and do everything we can to force the sport of boxing to stop Roy Jones Jr from getting into the ring again. Another KO? I love this man. I just can't take this anymore. Let's care about Boxers the same way we care about Football players. We need to stop this because RJ won't do it., I am going to get Dean Edwards for this., I believe The Pittsburgh Steelers high-powered offense will help them beat the Cincinnati Bengals., LISTEN: RJ Bell gives you all of the money lines for today's NFL games., The Pittsburgh Steelers will win this game. Their offense is just THAT high-powered., Everybody's not the same. People inhale things differently., Tom Brady's agent; Don Yee, joined me to talk about his column on black college football coaches., ICYMI.....Here's my stance on Lesean McCoy vs Chip Kelly.

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-reacts-to-lesean-mccoys-latest-comments-regarding-chip-kelly, The Stephen A Smith Show is LIVE on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Let's get right to it. 888-Maddog6 if you want to be heard., Somebody had to do it!, null, Lots of issues to address today on The Stephen A. Smith Show.
Channel 82 SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 1-888-MADDOG6 is the number to call., LeBron James is not scared of another basketball player. He's not scared of the allure of Miami., I'm glad a lot of y'all are looking forward to me doing the Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio today because I'm not. But I'm here., The Philadelphia 76ers are throwing seasons away on purpose!, Jerry Colangelo should be the person calling ALL the shots for the Philadelphia 76ers., Mathematically & statistically the New York Giants are still alive., Seattle Seahawks can beat anybody if their defense shows up., Trash talking is trash talking. But there are places you can go you have no business going., The Stephen A Smith Show is Live. 
Tune in to SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio and I'll be waiting for your calls as well!, null, The Green Bay Packers win was absolutely LUCKY., I think the New York Giants are more desperate and healthy., The Philadelphia Eagles will hang tight early before eventually getting methodically beat down by the New England Patriots., It's undeniable that the Denver Broncos have looked better with Brock Osweiler at QB than Peyton Manning. http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=14288927, The Green Bay Packers will win the NFC North, not the  Minnesota Vikings., I got mad respect for JJ Watt., null, It's like Tiger Woods is 40 going on 60!, The Dallas Cowboys are the gift that keeps on giving., Starting Austin Davis over Johnny Manziel is the wrong decision., null, null, The Philadelphia 76ers' situation is so DIRE it might cause anybody to go crazy., Kevin Durant you have our attention., null, The Philadelphia 76ers will get their first win of the season tonight when they play Kobe Bryant and the LA Lakers., I have to give the Washington Redskins their due., I'm a little discouraged at how the Seattle Seahawks beat the The Pittsburgh Steelers., Matt Ryan is not as big time as I thought he was., null, Congrats to the Black Mamba. Of all the moments you've provided to the game, the greatest attribute is that you never, ever, cheated it.
You always game to play. On the rare occasions when you fell, you always went down swinging. What more can be asked of great ones than that!
To one of the greatest ever...Thank You! #BlackMamba. #TreasureToTheGame, Kobe Bryant's retirement was predictable., The time has come to not give Johnny Manziel that pass., As much as I hate to say it I think the Seattle Seahawks will beat the The Pittsburgh Steelers., My thoughts on Philadelphia 76ers rookie Jahlil Okafor’s street fight in Boston., Romo looked lost and discombobulated., I think Chip Kelly will be gone at the end of the season., I'll be going on SportsCenter at 9:30a et to discuss Jahlil Okafor's street fight., null, I had to speak once I saw the video out of Chicago. I just had to., Sad day for me today. Gotta talk about my man Kobe Bryant. The Stephen a. Smith Show on  SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Right Now., This is SAD., Tom Brady is the leading candidate for MVP, not Cam Newton., I'm not concerned as everybody else is about the New England Patriots., null, null, Check out this quick message from my Pastor please:, Canelo Alvarez is the real deal., Let's pump the breaks on the Dallas Cowboys winning the NFC East., Too many occasions this season the Philadelphia Eagles have been stinking up the joint., Just let it go NFL., Bevell has some nerve calling out Russell Wilson., I believe the Philadelphia Eagles should make Mark Sanchezstarting QB for the rest of the season., If Dwight Howard was as good as he was with the Orlando Magic Kevin McHale would still be coaching the Houston Rockets., I have no problem w/ President Obama being a fan of the BAAAD MAN Aaron Rodgers., Greg Hardy is a distraction & negative for everybody., I don't like the U for Charlie Strong., null, Today's lineup on The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 888-Maddog6 is the number to call., Allow me to extend support to Oscar De La Hoya here by telling everyone: you'd better buy this Miguel Cotto/ Canelo Alvarez fight Saturday Night. #MustSeePPV, Thus far I'm IMPRESSED w/ Kristaps Porzingis., LeBron James is 1000% correct., I have no problem w/Cris Carter's take on white WRs., There's one BIG reason Kevin McHale is no longer coaching the Houston Rockets., I got to admit I'm STUNNED., Visiting Kent State University., Real talk with my brother Roland Martin. Corey Holcomb you even came up!, Why the hell was McHale fired? Romo (Ugh!) Porzingis and more. Up next on the Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. Channel 82., null, Showtime. ESPN First Take at the top of the hour. The boys are back. #Holla, My visit to Kent State University., No ESPN First Take for Skip Bayless & I today but I will be on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio 1-3p et Channel 82., The New York Giants have no one to blame but themselves for not closing out the New England Patriots., My Super Bowl pick [ Seattle Seahawks] looks very wrong right now. http://es.pn/1ONxLjI, Jason Garrett should get some blame for the Dallas Cowboys’ abysmal performances., if you're Aaron Rodgers you can't lose to the hapless Detroit Lions., Peyton Manning is done AFTER this season., I think Johnny Manziel has earned the starting QB job & here's why..., I don't want to hear ANYTHING about Cam Newton  celebrating too much when we love to praise Psycho Tom Brady., The biggest fight of Oscar De La Hoya's career was against Felix Trinidad and he RAN!, I predict Eli is going to throw at least one pick., LISTEN: RJ Bell breaks down all the Wk 10 NFL lines., Does Johnny Manziel have a right to make excuses?, Jason Garrett is nothing more than a mouthpiece., There's only one reason if I'm the Indianapolis Colts to go after Jim Harbaugh than Nick Saban., Catch me NOW on the 6p SportsCenter where you’ll find me hosting once again., 88 problems... http://es.pn/1RTY6u7, null, I see all the talking going on. All I have to say is..y'all know where to find me: The Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio on Channel 82. 

The number to call is 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. Come at me! I'm on 1-3pm EST. #Holla, Did you have a problem w/ Dez Bryant's outburst?, The Sacramento Kings might have no other choice than to go in another direction., I totally agree w/what Floyd Mayweather said about Ronda Rouseygracing the cover of The Ring (magazine)., I'm actually looking forward to start watching the New York Knicks again.

http://es.pn/1MMvFK9, I'm actually looking forward to start watching the New York Knicks again., null, null, Rex loves attention and it's nothing wrong with that., Jerry Jones should make Romo earn his money when he's ready to play., Deandre Jordan absolutely drives me CRAZY., I think Derrick Henry is number 1., What Rex Ryan did was classless., I have no problem whatsoever w/fans in D.C. wanting Kevin Durant., To trade @CarmeloAnthony  would be ASININE., Educate yourselves..., Dr. Michael Eric Dyson's coming on my radio show -- SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82 -- at 1:30pm EST., I see/hear all of y'all right here. You know how to find me: SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 1-3pm EST. I'll be damned if I'm hiding!!! 

888.Maddog6 is the number to call., Andrew Luck proved he needed a new offensive coordinator., Missouri's Tim Wolfe had to go., Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. BADford to Matthews. Eagles win. HOW 'BOUT DEM COWBOYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, I believe wholeheartedly the Philadelphia Eagles should be able to win this game., The combo of the Carolina Panthers defense with Cam's big play ability makes me pick them over the Green Bay Packers., I'm not going that far because of DURABILITY. It's a good question., The Indianapolis Colts made the right move., Hey! Hey! Here are you lines on today's NFL Gms with RJ Bell. 

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1kiAsgi, The Pittsburgh Steelers 31 The Oakland Raiders 24, Anything's possible when I host SportsCenter tonight at 6p et., Lots to talk about on today's Stephen A Smith Show.

SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82.The number to call as always... 888.Maddog6, The L.A. Clippers have no answers for Stephen Curry when it matters the most., Carmelo Anthony doesn't seem as healthy as he needs to be., The firing of Pep Hamilton makes me sick., The Philadelphia Eagles will do just enough to squeeze by the Dallas Cowboys., I don't expect much from Johnny Manziel vs the Cincinnati Bengals on Thursday night., null, The San Francisco 49ers are reaping exactly what they have sown., Steve Williams has got to be kidding me!, Kobe Bryant's been absolutely awful but I'm not concerned., Clearly Stephen Curry is on a MISSION., Talking NBA and much more on today's Stephen A. Smith Show.

SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Call up 888.Maddog6, This industry is getting to the point where it can be disgusting some times., null, Not having a good day but I am here!, Stay up Steve Smith. Hope you come back next year so you can go out like you want bro. All the best to you., If it's a tight, fought contest my money is on Aaron Rodgers.

WATCH: http://es.pn/1kkrdMb, Prediction: Seattle Seahawks 22 Dallas Cowboys 13, My prayers go out to everyone at WSSU., null, FYI Folks......I am Co-Hosting the 6pm SportsCenter with the lovely Lindsey Czarniak. It's the 1st time in my career doing this.#Pray4Me, I was not impressed by Kobe Bryant's performance last night., I'm going with Russell Westbrook to win league MVP., In all seriousness the Chicago Bulls shouldn't depend too much on Derrick Rose., The appreciation that LeBron James has for Kevin Love NOW clearly wasn't always there., He put us all on notice last night. Stephen Curry is just SPECIAL!, null, I got to go w/ Oklahoma City Thunder meeting LeBron James in the Finals., ICYMI: Here's my interview with Minnesota Timberwolves interim Head Coach Sam Mitchell. 

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1OVQk51, Lots to discuss including the return of the NBA! The Stephen A. Smith Show is on NOW SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 888.Maddog6, null, Hardy. Steve Smith Sr. And the NBA Season is finally here. ESPN First Take coming at you on ESPN2. #Holla, We may just see a house cleaning in Indy., HOW 'BOUT DEM COWBOYS!!!!, null, AAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! Way da go, Beasley. Way da go. Hey y'all: HOW 'BOUT DEM COWBOYS!!!! AAAAAHHHHH! They just never let me down.#AAAAHHH!, Sad to hear about the passing of Minnesota Timberwolves Coach, Flip Saunders. A class act and a good man. The NBA lost a good one today.#RIP, I'm rolling with the New York Giants., Coming up on NFL Insiders in a minute, then Countdown after 12:20pm EST. #Holla, I've been talking for a long time about how Jay Gruden's treatment of Robert Griffin III has been SUSPECT., Hey! Hey! Looking for lines on Sunday's NFL Game, here ya go., The Pittsburgh Steelers will win a close-fought game over The Kansas City Chiefs., Sheldon Richardson's comments ALARMED me., There's no way I'm picking the San Francisco 49ers over the Seattle Seahawks., Johnny Manziel should definitely be on the Commissioner's Exempt list., The New York Metss will win the World Series because of one thing., null, Anthony Davis is on another level. He may end up the most complete player in basketball., It wouldn't surprise me one bit if the Miami Heat ends up knocking the Cleveland Cavaliers off., One part of my sitdown with Dwyane Wade., Y'all know where to find me. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82!!!, Jim Buss' personal feelings and pride are the real reasons the LA Lakers have struggled., This is UNFORTUNATE and SAD., Things aren't looking good for Rick Pitino., Scandal at University of Louisville Men's Basketball. Really?? 
The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Right now!!! 888.Maddog6, null, I expect the New England Patriots to beat the New York Jets but it will be a low-scoring game., The Seattle Seahawks have no one to blame but themselves for their latest loss., ICYMI...Here's my interview with Carolina Panthers DB Peanut Tillman on the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio., I think the Seattle Seahawks will beat the Carolina Panthers CONVINCINGLY., I think The Pittsburgh Steelers are going to have a hard time scoring vs the Arizona Cardinals secondary., There's not 45 players better than Dwyane Wade in the NBA!!!, I think the New York Mets are going to shut up the naysayers and beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2-1., null, Jose Bautista's bat flip is all about ADAPTING to these different times., The Stephen A. SmithShow, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. Be there. 887.Maddog6, I'll pick the Chicago Cubs to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers but I would not pick them to beat the New York Mets., null, null, Talking college football w/Robert Smith. 

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1GGniht, My thoughts on USC firing Steve Sarkisian. 

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1NbEyQD, We should all want to be as LUCKY as Eli Manning., Time to talk about my dude Michael Vick and The Pittsburgh Steelers., I'm still sticking with the Seattle Seahawks., Peyton is getting no help from his running game., ICYMI...My interview with The Pittsburgh Steelers Coach Mike Tomlin., Yyyyyyyeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
Go Steelers!!!!!!, Jay Cutler deserves a LITTLE credit., I expect good things from Michael Vick and The Pittsburgh Steelers tonight., For the 1st time I consider the Dallas Cowboys must-watch tv this weekend., I'm not entertaining the debate that the Indiapolis Colts are better off with Matt Hasselbeck instead of Andrew Luck., null, I knew this was going to happen., The New York Giants have the potential to run away with the NFC East., Let's to discuss off of Monday Night Football's controversial finish and Coach Brian Kelly of Notre Dame Football joins me on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 887.Maddog6, Somehow the New York Yankees will find a way!, Jay Cutler is quite PATHETIC when compared to most saviors., ICYMI: Hear what I had to say about Kevin Durant., Keep your head up CC Sabathia and keep pushing., Predictably, the blogosphere is attempting to misconstrue my comments about Kevin Durant on ESPN First Take. 
Judge for yourself and then tune in to The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82., Time to cut bait on Charlie Strong., Regarding Kevin Durant and his negative comments about me, let me say this: At NO time did I ever say I SPOKE to K.D. Or his family. Or his brother, friends, teammates, etc. (although I can assure you all I have on several occasions in the past). I said I HEARD from folks I know -- in a league I've been covering for 19 years -- that if he were to leave OKC as a free agent, these are the cities I was told he was considering. OKC. LA. Miami. DC. NY. I stand by it all. And that is that.
His assertion that I was lying is not only FALSE, but totally uncalled for. Especially from a player who receives nothing but praise not only from me, but from practically every media member you can find. Yet, for some reason, we're all the same folks who don't know *&%$ about the game of basketball. Whose thoughts he could give a &^%$ about. Essentially, individuals he wishes he'd never have to talk to.....that he's being forced to tolerate.....as if someone has done something to him.....OF ALL PEOPLE!
Don't know what has happened to Mr. Durant over the years. But I know this much: We all win with his return, because he is an absolute superstar. The NBA is better with him. We're all at a loss without him.
It just appears that KD needs to learn something about today's world in professional sports:
We don't have to talk TO HIM to talk ABOUT HIM!
Folks like ME will still be here. Watching! Listening! Waiting! Reporting!
Whether he likes it or not. While he's here and long after he's gone.
Time to get use to it., I can see the Washington Redskins winning 24-20 over the Philadelphia Eagles., I absolutely, positively LOVE IT., If Jim Boheim wasn't BANNED, Larry Brown shouldn't be., The NFL has officially LOST., null, I only have one response for Carmelo Anthony..., null, I don't blame Kobe Bryant one bit for not ruling anything out when it comes to retirement., Everyone is telling me 'DON'T FORGET THE Arizona Cardinals'., null, Hey! Hey! FYI: Guess who is judging Steve Case's #riseofrest, in #philly. Today at 4pm. Don't miss it., All I have for today's ESPN First Take show is 1 Single Question for Mr. Skip Bayless to open the show:

ARE YOU READY TO ADMIT THAT AARON RODGERS IS THE BEST QB ON THE PLANET EARTH???????, null, Still think The Pittsburgh Steelers make the playoffs but I have serious doubts of winning the division crown., null, The Stephen A. Smith Show is on the air, and all over Big Ben injury, AFC North, Atlanta beating Dallas and everything else from Week 3.

I want to hear from you. 888.Maddog6. 888.623.3646, The Dallas Cowboys LOST. Blown out 22-0 in 2nd Half. Now, I won't have to call in sick for ESPN First Take. I'm good. All is well w/ the world., I would challenge anybody to say I'm wrong when I say the #NFLMostEntertaining player is Antonio Brown., For those who want to know the Vegas lines for all the games today., I'll be on NFL Countdown around 12:30. Pray for me please :-), I'm always waiting for a Jay Cutler accident., null, ICYMI: Brandon Marshall joined me to discuss what's going on w/ the New York Jets. 

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1FyFhuV, I'm picking [ Washington Redskins] to win this game 23-20., Skip Bayless has forced my hand to come to the defense of Chip Kelly., Just in case some folks thought I stuttered re: my feelings on the Patrick Kane situation:

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1R3C0p2, Talking Week 3 of the NFL and Jerome Bettis and Joe Theisman will join The Stephen A Smith show as well!, Once again, a lot of y'all are getting in my damn nerves re: Patrick Kane and these HS kids. Catch me on the Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82 at 1pm. 

Nobody's hiding this way. Bring it. 887.Maddog6, Time to get back on the mic.
The Stephen A. Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 
Call in# 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, The "HitMan" Kam Chancellor is coming back. Was not an easy decision. I'll explain at the top of the hour on ESPN First Take. #HollaAtMe, I'll give Andrew Luck 50% of the blame but let's pay attention to Chuck Pagano as well., I saw Robert Griffin III go up to Kirk Cousins before the game and wish him luck., Nick Saban needs a QB., I'm concerned about the New York Yankees but not giving up yet., Tell me that voice saying "Calm Down" isn't my voice! What's up Burger King?!?!?!, Good afternoon. Join me now on. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. 
Call in# 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, null, null, Yes! I've shown up Dallas Cowboys fans. The Stephen A. Show on SiriusXM Maddog Radio  Channel 82. 

Call in# 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, null, I'm giving the edge to Mariota., null, NFL Week 2 point spreads with RJ Bell. 

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1LEWakp, Congrats to seeing my man Rece Davis on College GameDay. He's one of the best ever. Love seeing him up there w/ the A-Team of CFB., My comments on Michael Bennett & Michael Smith's take on Richard Sherman & #BlackLivesMatter.

LISTEN: bit.ly/1JffWkQ, null, How many games has Tony Romo been in that ACTUALLY COUNT?, Lots of NFL to talk about today on the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 82. I'll also discuss Richard Sherman's comment on #BlackLivesMatter, as well as how it potentially relates to last night's Republican Debate. Yes! I'm getting political today. I'm hiding from no one. So buckle up. You've been warned.

Here's the number to call in: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., It is pivotal that the Philadelphia Eagles beat the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday., null, Like Floyd Mayweather or not, he's always been this way.

http://es.pn/1KejC8d, WTH. I'm a college play now. #Oregon #msu #michiganstate #ducks #orevsmsu

https://instagram.com/p/7qHiUBSaRV/?taken-by=stephenasmith, null, Johnny Manziel wasn't awful.

http://es.pn/1iJQK0M, Damn! Great effort, but this is why Chip Kelly may have needed to pay Jeremy Maclin. Can't have your best receiver being a 2nd-year player., Listen: Ray Lewis breaks down what losing Terrell Suggs means for the outlook of the Baltimore Ravens.

http://bit.ly/1QAT713, ICYMI: Michael Irvin joined me to explain his praise of Tony Romo.

Listen: http://bit.ly/1MngQTL, The Stephen A Smith Show is LIVE. I'm feeling a certain way today . Tune in. 
SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, I'm so sick to my stomach today. I'd give anything not to have I hear Skip Bayless today on ESPN First Take on ESPN2. But duty calls. #Damn!, The New York Giants might surprise tonight.

http://es.pn/1Ny4BUA, I'm so confident the Dallas Cowboys won't reach the Super Bowl this season.

https://instagram.com/p/7dWqfaivE7/?taken-by=espnfirsttake, Jay Cutler is a lost cause.

http://es.pn/1LrMhGQ, Surprise! Guess who's about to be on NFL on ESPN Countdown at 12:40pm EST? Haaa! Yes, yours truly! #BuckleUp, I have to agree with Skip Bayless that we will see Floyd Mayweather fight one more time but he'll just wait for the $200-mil one to come., Btw......I'm picking Floyd Mayweather by decision, of course. Berto hit too much and could suffer TKO, but Berto could catch him. Stay Tuned., Let’s not get carried away b/c The Pittsburgh Steelers defense didn’t show up! 

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13629865, Previewing NFL Week 1 with RJ Bell. 

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/rj-bell-from-pregamecom-joins-the-stephen-a-smith-show-to-preview-the-week-1-slate-of-games, My take on Floyd Mayweather vs. Andre Berto.

http://es.pn/1MepJz1, I'm expecting a shootout tonight.  http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13623105, null, For those of you wondering why I did ESPN First Take from San Fran today, here's why: 

http://lesherspeakerseries.org/Montana_&_Smith.html, null, I feel bad for what's going to happen to the The Pittsburgh Steelers' defense now.

http://es.pn/1g9Bl7O, http://es.pn/1iwMuBu, I'm back!!! The Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 

888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, The honor was all mines meeting Jarrett Payton at the MEAC/SWAC Challenge- The Official Fan Page. Much blessings to him and his family. (Pic via Payton)

https://instagram.com/p/7QIvduyafp/?taken-by=stephenasmith, In case you missed my reaction to Tom Brady's suspension being overturned.

http://es.pn/1KtNyT3, I am surprised the NFL lost this...I think this is an incredible indictment against Roger Goodell., There are only two options that I see that would keep Kobe Bryant a LA Lakers if he doesn't decide to retire.

http://es.pn/1i7FZ7Z, I believe this beef between Floyd Mayweather and Ronda Rousey is nonsense.

http://es.pn/1NYla93, I ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY loved Darryl Dawkins. He's going to be sorely missed., Leave Michael Vick alone!

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1EmA0pQ, I was quite honored and touched several months ago that the GREAT Taylor Swift wanted to take a picture with me during her visit to SiriusXM Radio in New York.                    

https://instagram.com/p/65K-nASaTv/, null, I see a whole bunch of ignorant folks spewing their disdain towards me about everything from Beastmode to the Cowboys to Chip Kelly and the Eagles and damn questions about my position on Sarkisian. 

The Stephen A. Smith Show. 1p et. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Be there. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., From T-Ball to the Big Leagues,: A Father-Son Journey, courtesy of my man Mark Schlereth. 

Check it out http://bit.ly/1fi2vtd, null, It was DIRTY but it was LEGAL.

http://es.pn/1JVrSz5, Roger Goodell have you no shame?

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1U9OBa9, Lots to discuss on today's show including my colleague Cris Carter and Lil Wayne joins me AT 2P ET to discuss the impact of that BAAAD MAN Aaron Rodgers losing his top weapon. 

The Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports RadioChannel 82.  The #: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, I see what everyone's having to say about Cris Carter. Well, it's my turn now. Check out ESPN First Take NOW on ESPN2, and then at 1pm EST., I don't really see a Floyd Mayweather/ Manny Pacquiao rematch taking place.

http://es.pn/1JIOMcK, In my mind Belichick is just skirting the rules better than the rest.

http://es.pn/1hQlf4D, null, Kevin Durant rep as an assassin and Kobe Bryant's killer instinct is why rookies probably prefer them over LeBron James.

http://es.pn/1MAiYGb, The National Labor Relations Board denying the Northwestern football team the right to unionize is UN-AMERICAN and they should be ASHAMED of themselves., null, My QB Ranks:
1. Rodgers 2. Tom Brady 3. Peyton  4. Drew Brees 5. Andrew Luck 6. Ben Roethlisberger 7.Tony Romo 8. Russell Wilson/Philip Rivers/ Cam Newton 9. Eli, I'm about to show up on the MLB Network at 12:30P ET with Maddog Russo. Yes, to talk about my New York Yankees. :-), I'll give Tim Tebow a C, C+ in his Philadelphia Eagles debut. I wasn't overly moved., null, null, Don't miss hour 2 of The Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. Channel 82.  

The 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, It's FUNNY to Tiger Woods to be a JOKE these days.

http://es.pn/1hIeOjT, Make sure you tune into The Stephen A. Smith show as Gennady Golovkin joins me in studio at 2p et to talk about his next fight and what big name he wants to get into the ring. 

Catch me on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio NOW on Channel 82. Call in at 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, It's Time: the Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM MadDog Radio Channel 82. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, null, null, Caller -- a white male lawyer -- just called up to say if IK Enemkpali had punched a white QB, he would've been out of the league. 

Don't know! 

Do You?, I have no problem with Carmelo Anthony's demeanor.

http://es.pn/1L6a9C5, Power is the best show on TV to me right now. Omari Hardwick is the real deal. And so is 50 Cent., Phone lines are up and working. Let's go! The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio.

 Call in at 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, null, Remembering Frank Gifford with Mike Tirico.

http://bit.ly/1PkHzOX, Chip Kelly might not be worth all of the trouble when it's all said and done.

http://es.pn/1J3EW2X, Talking Cam Newton with Louis Riddick on The Stephen A. Smith show.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1P5gwGt, ESPN NY just told me Adam Schefter is reporting that Geno Smith got punched in the jaw over a $600 plane ticket he owed the dude.#JESUS, Here's an interesting discussion on Chip Kelly I had w/Louis Riddick

LISTEN: bit.ly/1IDTCVe, null, Time to get The Stephen A. Smith Show party started!, Terrell Owens is one of the ELITE wide receivers in NFL history. His numbers speak HALL OF FAME!

http://es.pn/1hufvxa, Phil Jackson didn't deserve Michael Jordan's respect in this instance.

es.pn/1KeaU9b, There's no way I would pick LeBron James over Larry Bird in the clutch.

http://es.pn/1ITyCXv, Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts have a shot but I see Tony Romo and the Dallas Cowboys going down.

http://es.pn/1Mkyib7, 2015 #Ford #NAwards2015, Tamar Braxton-Herbert, This is the BEST shot in years for the New York Jets or anyone else in the AFC East to KNOCK OFF the New England Patriots.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13387428, ICYMI: My man Ice Cube and his son joined me on The Stephen A. Smith Show 

LISTEN: http://ow.ly/2buti3, http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13387710, ICYMI... New York Jets Head Coach Todd Bowles joined me on The Stephen A. Smith Show.

LISTEN: http://ow.ly/2busk7, http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13381298, I believe the Buffalo Bills will win 9 games. But I don't believe in either EJ Manuel or Matt Cassel, and I think that is going to be their Achilles heel so no playoffs., Don't miss Michigan State Spartans Head Coach Mark Dantonio on The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85 at 1:30p et., Ray Rice ABSOLUTELY deserves a 2nd chance. I don't think there's any doubt about that., If Floyd Mayweather retires after this fight against Andre Berto he should be ASHAMED of himself., You can't sleep on Jim Harbaugh and Michigan Football because of their defense.

http://es.pn/1K2xX6U, ICYMI: Here's the interview from my time on Mike & Mike this morning regarding Chip Kelly.

 http://espn.go.com/espnradio/play?id=13374171, What would your walk-up music be? Mine would be "No Church In The Wild" w/ JAY Z and Kanye. #WalkUpMusic: 

youtu.be/x_57E3t1eBI, The New York Yankees don't need to worry about the Toronto Blue Jays.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13370199, I guess I need to apologize in advance for what's coming today on the Stephen A. Smith Show. I will be addressing the New York Jets, a post about ME by NBC Sports and, of course, Black Folks and the Police.

Remember, I didn't start this mess. See y'all at 1pm on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio., Due to the Women’s British Open being on ESPN2 today and tomorrow, Skip Bayless and I have the days off. I’ll still be doing my radio show as usual on SIRIUSXM MadDog Radio Channel 85 from 1-3p et., Talking Tom Brady NOW on the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio.

Got words for me? 

Call 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., null, Jimbo Fisher gave me insight on dealing with off-the-field issues with his Florida State Seminoles Football team.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1D6sNKk, ICYMI: My thoughts on Tom Brady's suspension being upheld.

http://bit.ly/1HZlp21, I'll elaborate MORE on all of the Tom Brady news on the Stephen A. Smith Show SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85, 1-3p et.

Feel free to call in at 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., I’m hearing that Tom Brady’s 4-game suspension will likely be upheld by the NFL., I think Floyd Mayweather is using Andre Berto  as a tune up and then give Manny Pacquiao a rematch.

http://es.pn/1D40zjo, null, There are PLENTY of reasons why this is so.

http://es.pn/1HVBYMk, I feel Hulk Hogan's comments were WORST than Riley Cooper's. Here's why: http://bit.ly/1h0guoC, I'm doing the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio right now on Channel 85. 

Discussing Hulk Hogan, MLB and Floyd Mayweather.

Feel free to chime in at 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. Or leave a comment for me right here., http://es.pn/1fu7iYD, The Stephen A. Smith Show is on the air. Talking Braxton Miller and Cardale Jones among other topic in the world of sports today. 

SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 888.Maddog6, 888.623.3646., I can't disrespect the Duke program like that!

http://es.pn/1DyKpcl, It's sad (NABJ) National Association of Black Journalists hasn't inducted Stuart Scott into their Hall of Fame.

LISTEN: bit.ly/1LAAUQe, http://es.pn/1IgiwXy, null, null, I do believe whether or not Robert Griffin III is DONE will get answered this season.

http://es.pn/1Ij7aq4, I'm back in the saddle, ready to roar. The Stephen A. Smith Show. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 888.Maddog6; 888.623.3646. I'm here., Phil Jackson's comments about Iman Shumpert & JR Smith are OUT OF BOUNDS.

http://es.pn/1eer89k, I didn't hear Gov. Martin O'Malley's interview. And I'm not debating the significance of "Black Lives Matter." I'm a BLACK MAN! I know this. 
Nor am I focusing on O'Malley's words or context itself. That's really not the issue to me.
The issue is: as much as attention was so desperately aimed towards "Black Lives Matter," where is all this noise when Black folks are getting killed in our communities every single day? Does it only matter when we're getting killed OUTSIDE OF OUR COMMUNITY, by folks who look differently than us?
That was my point. It IS my point. It will REMAIN my point. And I'm not changing my position one bit.
Whatever context O'Malley made in saying "All Lives Matter" is his issue to deal with. The same could be said for Hillary Rodham-Clinton when she alluded to that weeks ago. But it still does not negate the point that if we've reached a point where a PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE is forced to apologize and engage in clarification when choosing to say "ALL LIVES MATTER" -- while a few Black Folks are allowed to reign terror throughout our own community by killing one another with nary a word said about it, then the problems that truly permeate the Black Community will never be resolved.
It's the truth. Deal with it.
No Black Man with a soul would dream of attacking the movement that is "Black Lives Matter." I'm certainly not doing any such thing. I never will.
Just make sure I hear #BlackLivesMatter ALL the time.
Specifically, when we're getting killed by one another., ICYMI...

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1g2fkJe, Where is all the noise about #BlackLivesMatter when black folks are killing black folks? There's nothing wrong when a presidential candidate says "All lives Matter"!, The Stephen A. Smith Show is on the air. I'm talking Shaquille O' Neal, Adrian Peterson, Phil Jackson, MLB and much more! 
SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio 888-623-3646, Talent wise Aaron Rodgers is the best quarterback in the world right now.

http://es.pn/1LnDavC, This is a move that bodes very well from a basketball standpoint for the Houston Rockets.

es.pn/1HEJURW, Agree?, I'm proud of Jimmy Butler!

https://youtu.be/DO02lijafTA, Want to go see LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers with me?

Here's your shot while also supporting the V Foundation for Cancer Research: ebay.to/1fl3j16, null, It's about that time: The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on NOW. 
Channel 85. 888.Maddog6, There's no way Tom Brady & Greg Hardy should serve the SAME 4-gm suspension.

http://bit.ly/1HqxRHU, The Detroit Tigers David Price joined me to talk about the All-Star Game and his future.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1Je8hDO, Vacation is over peeps. Your boy is back. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on NOW. 
Channel 85. 888.Maddog6., The boys are back. Skip Bayless and myself are back on ESPN First Take today. It's been a while. Lots to discuss. 
See y'all on ESPN2 at 10am et., FYI..., Rod Thorn and Kik VanDeWeghe, Isiah Thomas, Love what I'm seeing on ESPN First Take right now. Molly Qerim doing fantastic, as is Jorge Sedano. And I can't say enough about Devin McCourty & Jason McCourty. Keep holding it down peeps. Y'all are making me proud. But don't do too well. I need my job (Haaaaa!!!!), Check out the new website of a Gamechanger, a friend, a brother. 

The man behind the media success of Steve Harvey:

http://t.co/6WSHJrfTws


Spread the word., Guess who's back? Coming off vacation for the start of NBA Free Agency. The Stephen A. Smith Show. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 2Day at 1pm. Holla, Back at it again today hosting NFL Live on ESPN2., FYI: Skip Bayless and I are off from ESPN First Take until July 13th. I'm just filling in on NFL Live for these two days. Back on Radio Wed., Contrary to all this noise, Carmelo Anthony has NOT asked to be traded. And the New York Knicks should be thankful, because he should've on draft night., null, Phil Jackson evidently has no regard for the long-time suffering of NYers, nor Carmelo Anthony for that matter. Melo's been used. PLAYED!!!, As much as I thought compassion should be applied to Pete Rose, that goes out the window if he's still lying., Getting some much needed time off. Skip Bayless and I are back from vacation on Monday July 13., Marc Stein goes deeper on his opinion on the relationship between LeBron James and David Blatt.

LISTEN: https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/espn-nba-insider-marc-stein-joined-the-stephen-a-smith-show, Don't even joke about this!

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13106552, The Stephen A. Smith Show is on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio RIGHT NOW. 
For those interested I will be discussing the horrific shooting in SC. Call 888.Maddog6, null, null, I'm up early and at'em folks. About to do Mike And Mike for the entire 8am hour. Or at least the last 50 minutes :-), http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13096742, 5-against-1. In the end, no matter how much done wanted this for LeBron James, it wasn't meant to be. It's Stephen Curry time., I got the Cleveland Cavaliers winning because I think LeBron James is going to EXPLODE., The Stephen A. Smith Show is on the air LIVE from Game 6 of the #NBAFinals. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 888-623-3646/888-MADDOG6, null, Flip comment in fun about a women's soccer team not wanting to mess up their hair. Obviously, my comments were in poor taste. I have nothing but the utmost respect for athletes of all genders -- especially since most are better than I'll ever be -- so please know I Apologize., The Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio right now. 888.Maddog6. Joining me at 1:30p et will be Mike Conley Jr., What in the world happened to the Cavs' guards? http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13062846, Remember IMITATION is the highest form of flattery.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13057030, null, This was alright!!!, Who you got in Game 2?

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=13022394, Allen Iverson WAS NOT DRUNK DURING THAT PRESS CONFERENCE.

Listen: bit.ly/1eTUpXR, null, It's Game 1 and the Cleveland Cavaliers already look like they've run out of gas., The NBA Finals is finally here....and so am I. A special afternoon edition of ESPN First Take live at 3:30pm EST on ESPN -- not ESPN2. But not before the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio from 1-3pm EST. Buckle up and get ready. Here I come.

Number to call into radio show, as always: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, What has Rob Gronkowski really done?

http://es.pn/1FsHIZy, Who's your NFC East favorite?, null, Welcome to another edition of the Stephen A. Smith Show! This Johnny Manziel  stuff is getting on my nerves already! SiriusXM MadDog Radio 888.maddog6., You need to hear what I had to say about Adrian Peterson.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1I4VQME, As soon as tennis ends we'll be on the air., Do you think Dwyane Wade's days w/the Miami Heat are numbered?

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12980248, If I were a Chicago Bulls fan I would be CONCERNED.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12985635, I don't consider it is a negative correlation, LeBron James to Allen Iverson. 

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12975352, Jeff Van Gundy joined me for a pretty good discussion on went down between the Chicago Bulls and Tom Thibodeau.

http://bit.ly/1Fd5OY4, Tom Thibodeau is a top 3 coach!

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1BrQoi6, Your boy has the day off today on ESPN First Take but I'll still be on for The Stephen A. Smith Show at 1p et SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. Catch me then!, http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12961551, My headline from Atlanta Hawks- Cleveland Cavaliers Game 4.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12959098, Tune in NOW to The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 

888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, I saw in Game 4 that Kyrie Irving is still hurt.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12959104, Getting ready to handle Skip Bayless over all things LeBron JamesJames. TUNE IN 10a et, ESPN2., Ray McDonald has got to be the STUPIDEST person I have encountered in quite some time.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1J3g234, null, null, null, If LeBron James was on his A-game this wouldn't have been that close.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12947623, ICYMI... Here's my appearance hanging out with my girl Renada Romain.

https://youtu.be/LiAN3FqTlVc?t=10m, I guess this ends all this debate about who the league MVP is, yea think? Can you say Stephen Curry? I damn-sure can., The Atlanta Hawks will likely get swept.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12938747, The Atlanta Hawks had NO ASNWER for LeBron James.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12935929, The Atlanta Hawks lost this game by halftime.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12935934, null, Tune in NOW to The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 

888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, Skip is one bandwagon-jumping somebody!

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12926657, NBA Playoffs. Stephen Curry's kid. Isiah Thomas and the Liberty! I'm mad I was off yesterday, but I'm hyped.

The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 

888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, No DeMarre Carroll = no chance for Atlanta Hawks.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12923708, The Atlanta Hawks had no answers for the Cleveland Cavaliers' defense in Game 1.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12923735, null, Filling in on theStephen A. Smith Show is Dan Graca, 1-3pm ET!

I'll  be on at 1:15 to talk NBA playoffs & lottery, plus PAT rule changes!, Great, great move by New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft. Classy things for him to ACCEPT Roger Goodell's punishment for DeflateGate. Love it!, Ahhh Haaa! Golson is transferring to Florida State. 

So are they National Title Contenders now?, The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, null, Coming up a 2p et my man Skip Bayless joins me on The Stephen A Smith Show, Channel 85 on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 888.Maddog6., I'm going to go with the Los Angeles Clippers to win Game 7 on the road in Houston., I'm embarrassed we discussed this.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12891875, Sloppy execution doomed the Washington Wizards.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12895676, DeMarre Carroll just makes SMART PLAYS.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12895684, If anybody is an elite threat off the top in the NFC East it's the New York Giants.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12892725, Do you think Tom Thibodeau will remain the Chicago Bulls’ head coach?

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12889671, I'm officially a damn fool. My apologies to the Houston Rockets. Not only did I think they'd lose, I thought they'd get blown out. #EggOnFace, Congrats to my man Skip Bayless. He called it for tonight. But who would've thought Thibs would leave a 2-time champion on the bench., Vilma's advice is appreciated, but the legs upon which Tom Brady has to stand are considerably more shaky than what Jonathan Vilma had to stand.

http://es.pn/1HjqWm1, null, null, I am NOT a fan of the Philadelphia 76ers new logo.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12874946, ICYMI...Adam Schein and I clearly differ on Deflategate.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1KFVVq0, It comes across as if Roger Goodell is interested in bringing a heavy hand down upon everybody but himself., My apologies to everyone in advance. Tom Brady is suspended, and I've never seen Skip Bayless like this. Don't know what's coming. Seriously!, Congrats to Stephen Curry. Way to respond like a league-MVP., I'm talking NBA Playoffs. LET'S GO!!!

The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on. Channel 85, coming right at Ya. 888.Maddog6., Austin Rivers might pay a price for his trash talking in Game 3. http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12859651, Randy Wittman has had better moments.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12852135, ICYMI... Jim Gray joined me to discuss his sit down w/Tom Brady 

LISTEN: ow.ly/2bsRKN, Me vs. Mad Dog Russo over Deflategate.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-and-christopher-mad-dog-russo-argue-about-deflategate, Hall-of-Fame Tight End Shannon Sharpe joined me to discuss what the Commissioner should do about Tom Brady.

http://bit.ly/1EdZPmq, Time to talk Tom Brady and Deflategate. 
The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. Call-in# 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, I've been called out about LeSean McCoy/Chip Kelly AND Floyd Mayweather. Oh, Hell no. It's on now. 
The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. Call-in# 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, I make a statement about Chip Kelly; where the hell do you think I'm getting it from?

es.pn/1KM7g8J, Now back to enjoying my day off., null, Floyd Mayweather is not the one to blame for Sat. night's fight.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1EMgrnE, Breaking down last night's Floyd Mayweather / Manny Pacquiao fight.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12811111, Floyd Sr. says he going to give Freddie Roach something to talk about when this fight is over!

bit.ly/1GLbe2U, ICYMI...Max Kellerman joined me on Radio Row to discuss Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao., The Stephen A. Smith Show...right here on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85, coming right at Ya. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., null, Your hands can't hit what your eyes can't see!, Freddie Roach was very DISRESPECTFUL today!

http://bit.ly/1du4c6f, Live from Radio Row in the MGM Grand Las Vegas The Stephen A. Smith Show starts now. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. Channel 85.  888.Maddog6. That’s 888.623.3646.

Hour 2 John Clayton and Dan Rafael will join me., Anything for Lindsay Czarniak.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12782843, They got me!!!, This is for those folks out here trying to twist my words on Tom Brady/Barack Obama.

bit.ly/1HLbiOP, ICYMI: My thoughts on how I covered Floyd Mayweather.

LISTEN: http://bit.ly/1A6WNyk, The Stephen A. Smith Show has an hour left...right here on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85, coming right at Ya. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., null, CP3(Chris Paul ) is special. Plain and Simple. Stays in the game. Avoids fouling out. Then accounts for every single point. J's. Assists. BigTime., Just landed in San Antonio for tomorrow's game and all I'm hearing about are my comments from ESPN First Take about Tom Brady. Allow me to Repeat myself: Why The Hell Wasn't He There? He said a Family "Commitment." He did not say "Emergency." He did not say "Urgent." Damnit, I Want to know??? He went to the White House for George W 3 times. You can't go for Barack Obama? I'm just asking. Mr. Kraft had commitments: he was there. Coach Belichick had commitments. He was there! And last time I checked, isn't Tom Brady Mr. Perfect. Always about TEAM, doing things the right way? Isn't he the FACE of the franchise? I mean, come on!!! All I'm saying is RESPECT THE OFFICE. Regardless of what your views may be. Obama is the POTUS. The face of any franchise should always show any POTUS that respect. Period. Have a wonderful weekend folks., ICYMI... I had to rip Tom Brady for not attending the Patriots White House celebration with his teammates.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-rips-tom-brady-for-not-attending-the-white-house-ceremony-with-his-teammates, More NBA Playoffs to discuss. Respect for Barack Obama. TUNE IN NOW to The Stephen A. Smith Show/ SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. Channel 85., Floyd Mayweather is going to make all these folks pay for their DISRESPECT!!!, Kevin Love FINALLY became the player he wants to be.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12752221, I definitely think Tim Tebow can be a 3RD-STRING QB.

http://es.pn/1bjx13X, null, Floyd Mayweather's goals for his fight against Manny Pacquiao.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12730350, Floyd Mayweather gives me a tour of the Money crib. 

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12733448, Jameis Winston is going to be a STUD.

http://es.pn/1JqD55U, ICYMI...Dan Rafael joined me to discuss the craziness surrounding the Floyd Mayweather/ Manny Pacquiao fight.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/dan-rafael-joined-the-stephen-a-smith-show, Floyd Mayweather the businessman

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12730396, Nobody is GREATER than Muhammad Ali!

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12727767, ICYMI...Amari Cooper; the best receiver in the NFL Draft, joined me today, Here's my interview w/Bryce Petty and his fancy boots!, I can't believe Floyd Mayweather really went there about Michael Jordan.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12725513, Gametime!!!

You know what time it is...The Stephen A Smith show is on the air!!! SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 

888.maddog6. That's 888-623-3646., Hey. I'm letting y'all know right now: if Derrick Rose continues to look this way I reserve the right to revisit my pick :-) Skip Bayless, Floyd Mayweather reveals the moment he knew boxing was meant to be.

http://espn.go.com/video/clip?id=12705338, What a Game. Wizards almost blew it., East Predictions:
Atlanta Hawks over Brooklyn Nets in 5
Cleveland Cavaliers over Boston Celtics in 4
Chicago Bulls over Milwaukee Bucks in 5
Toronto Raptors over Washington Wizards in 6, MLB is making inroads but there's still a long way to go., Eastern Conference Predictions:
Atlanta Hawks over Brooklyn Nets in 5
Cleveland Cavaliers over Boston Celtics in 4
Chicago Bulls over Milwaukee Bucks in 5
Toronto Raptors over Washington Wizards in 6, I didn't know there was a such thing as a "cheap Bugatti"., What really went down at the Miami Heat game between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao., Western Conference Playoff Predictions:
Golden State Warriors over New Orleans Pelicans in 5
Dallas Mavericks over Houston Rockets in 6
San Antonio Spurs over Los Angeles Clippers in 6
Memphis Grizzlies over Portland Trail Blazers in 6, Call in to speak your mind. 888.maddog6. That's 888-623-3646. 

The Stephen A. Smith Show is on the air, Channel 85 SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio., Floyd Mayweather gives me insight into his real name., Heading on Mike and Mike at 8:45a et to discuss the situation between Thabo Sefolosha and the NYPD., My Air Mayweather experience w/the champ Floyd Mayweather., The Stephen A. Smith Show is on the air, talking NBA, NFL Draft & much more. Ron Jaworski joins the show at 1:30p. 

888-623-3646 888.MADDOG6, On Mike and Mike NOW w/Golic and my boy Ryan Ruocco., ICYMI... My reaction to Barry Bonds's comments that MLB should celebrate Alex Rodriguez's accomplishments.

bit.ly/1FCSUDc, I have never known Darrelle Revis to be THAT guy., The Stephen A. Smith starts RIGHT NOW!!!

Tune in to SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85, RIGHT NOW. 

Call in 888.Maddog6. That’s 888.623.3646, Back in the house today dealing with Skip Bayless on Russell Westbrook, JR Smith's advice and the NBA MVP race., I still think Jahili Okafor should go No. 1 in the NBA Draft but my stance has softened a little bit., null, At this point how serious should we take Tiger Woods?, null, Here we go..., My man SUGAR RAY LEONARD. Love talking boxing with a legend!!!, null, It's IMPOSSIBLE to root against Coach K!

Radio Show Open: http://bit.ly/1Ckci6b, Let's talk some basketball, ladies and Gentlemen. The Stephen A. Smith Show is on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85, starts RIGHT NOW.

The call-in number: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, Here are my CLEAR thoughts on this Andrew Harrison issue.

http://bit.ly/1NZmxVL, The National Championship, a comment from Andrew Harrison and MLB season opening day. The Stephen A. Smith on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on RIGHT NOW. Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. That’s 888.623.3646, My take on Andrew Harrison., Following Jameis Winston around is OUT OF BOUNDS!!!, I'm addressing the ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM when it comes to college basketball.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-smith-explains-why-college-basketball-doesnt-want-john-calipari-to-win-a-national-title, What about Jordan and the crossover on Bryon Russell and the shot and the pose to win the championship?, I believe Tiger Woods should be number 2. LeBron James shouldn't be ahead of Kobe Bryant., Buckle up. Time for The Stephen A Smith Show coming at you!!!! SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85., null, Nobody in New York should BUY anything for the New York Knicks RIGHT NOW., ICYMI... LZ Granderson joined me to go deeper on Indiana's Religious Freedom Act., Lots of stuff to discuss today, especially the Indiana Religious Freedom Act, Nick Saban and Tiger Woods. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85.
The number to call up: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, My thoughts on the latest with Michael Sam., Kentucky Basketball can LOSE to Wisconsin Men's Basketball!

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-talks-about-how-wisconsin-could-possibly-beat-kentucky, The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is coming right now. Joining me at 1:15p et Coach Jim Calhoun. Also talking Kevin Durant and Michael Sam as well as the NCAA Tournament. 888.Maddog6., I don't believe it's a good move for John Calipari to go back to the NBA., I believe David Ortiz is getting a bad rap., If I'm Kevin Love I try to win a championship and then move on to another team., The Green Bay Packers didn't wow me. They kept their own, I give them a B+., While prepping for the Oklahoma Sooners, Tom Izzo took some time out to talk to me about the Michigan State Spartans' run.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/michigan-st-hc-tom-izzo-joined-the-stephen-a-smith-show, You still have time to catch The Stephen A. Smith show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio right now. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, If we're talking about a body of work over the years, then Chris Paul is the top., The one & only Ludacris joined me to talk Fast & Furious 7 and offered his up close insight of why Floyd will beat Manny., The champ Ronda Rousey joined me on the The Stephen A Smith show today., Up next on The Stephen A. Smith Show, SiriusXM MadDogRadio Channel 85 Ludacris and Ronda Rousey!, Russell Westbrook is up there[MVP] but so is James Harden., My take on Adrian Peterson...

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-talks-about-adrian-peterson-reportedly-wanting-out-of-minnesota, Tim Tebow can't help Manny Pacquiao PUNCH no more than Pacquiao can help Tebow THROW!, I agree w/ Rick Pitino that high schoolers should be able to go straight to the NBA instead of going to school for a year., Michigan State SpartansHead Coach Tom Izzo joined me today to talk about upsetting the Virginia Cavaliers.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/michigan-st-hc-tom-izzo-joined-the-stephen-a-smith-show, Turn to CNN NOW. I'm talking the Balkanization of voting on The Michael Smerconish Program., Talking race and politics on CNN., null, Allen Iverson would make a good NBA Executive as a talent evaluator., We shouldn't expect to see Kevin Durant the rest of the season., Let Manny Pacquiao keep using his tactics., I'm APPALLED at this Green Bay poll!, That's right I'm still here talking Greg Hardy to Dallas and all of the NCAA Tournament action! 

The Stephen A. Smith on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, channel 85 -- where anything goes. 888-623-3646 / 888-MADDOG6, "It's RIDICULOUS on it's face!", I don't blame Stephen Curry for picking LeBron James for MVP., Greg Hardy a good fit for the Dallas Cowboys?

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-talks-about-the-possibility-of-the-cowboys-signing-greg-hardy, Should Greg Hardy be allowed to play again? Is Stephen Curry right to call LeBron James the MVP?

The Stephen A. SmithShow on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio NOW 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., What’s your reaction?, My salute to Chris Borland.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-applauds-chris-borlands-decision-to-retire-from-the-nfl-after-1-season-with-the-49ers, I have several positions on wether the Dallas Cowboys should or should not sign Greg Hardy., Move over Tiger Woods, it's Rory McIlroy's time?, The Stephen A. Smith Show is on now at SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85. 

888.Maddog6 is the number to call. That's 888.623.3646, Should the Dallas Cowboys sign defensive end Greg Hardy?, This is about John Calipari. He needs to get it DONE!, null, The Detroit Lions shouldn't have tried to call  Ndamukong Suh's bluff., On the way in this 2nd hour, my take on spending 7 hours w/ Floyd Mayweather this past weekend. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. Call in: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646 (pic via Kelly Swanson), Let's go!!! Time for The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. Call in: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. #BuckleUp!, Floyd Mayweather is preparing for Manny Pacquiao a little differently than normal but remains extremely confident., null, I respectfully DISAGREE w/ Pat Riley., This brother Kyrie Irving is just on another level., I think Chip Kelly was feeling the PRESSURE...I don't think this was an UPGRADE from Lesean McCoy., What the Dallas Cowboys did to DeMarco Murray is sickening. They ran him into the ground with 392 carries (449 touches). They knew what they were doing. Run him into the ground, knowing how RB's are diminished due to their workload, then turn around and swear they can't sign him because it's a cap-related issue. Why use him to that degree if Romo, Witten, Dez, backups in Dunbar and Randle and that OL is there? RIDICULOUS., The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. Call in: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. #BuckleUp, The quarterback position is still holding the New York Jets back from competing with the New England Patriots., Time to get at Skip Bayless about how SPECTACULAR Kyrie Irving was in one of the best reg. season games I've ever seen. 10a et, ESPN2., Darrelle Revis went back to the New York Jets for more than just money., I definitely think the Indianapolis Colts are better but not sure they are good enough for the Super Bowl., DeMarco Murray, Manny Pacquiao, Floyd Mayweather & more up NOW on the Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. 888.623.3646, null, If they don't work it won't be because of TALENT, it'll be because of the ORGANIZATION., Come May 2 Manny Pacquiao will regret how DISRESPECTFUL he was to Floyd Mayweather on today's show., Time to talk about Revis returning to New York Jets and the other big trades from yesterday. The place to find me is SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85 RIGHT NOW. 888.Maddog6., This acquisition of Jimmy Graham should make the Seattle Seahawks the favorite to win the Super Bowl., Today Manny Pacquiao joins us and all I want to know is MANNY ARE YOU OK?!?!?!, We don't know which Kevin Durant is going to show up to the negotiating table., Joining me at 2:15p et my boy Antonio Cromartie stops by & might have some breaking news for me. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 1.888.Maddog6, Let's go!!! The Stephen A. Smith Show is coming at you!, More Philadelphia Eagles talk, Revis' next move and Kevin Durant's future coming up on today's ESPN First Take. Antonio Cromartie also joins Skip Bayless & I at 11a et., Skip Bayless is UNBELIEVABLE and HILARIOUS!, Here's my new commercial with Dick Vitale., It's not a big deal but it was definitely INTENTIONAL., Opening statements from today's Stephen A. Smith Show...

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-discusses-his-comments-from-espn-first-take-on-chip-kelly-the-eagles, Here's a quick snippet from my interview with the New England Patriots Devin McCourty., Super Bowl Champion Devin McCourty joins me in studio at 2:30p et to talk about how close he was to leaving the New England Patriots and what's up with Darelle Revis., I have more to say about Chip Kelly and the Eagles. You want to talk to me? Call 888.Maddog6., Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! Vacation is OVER. Your boy is BACK on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio and ESPN First Take., Congrats to Mike and Mike on 15 great years! #MM15, null, FYI...I'm on vacation so no ESPN First Take and SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio for me. See you in a week., ESPN College Basketball just went there! Catch me hanging out with the crew right now!, ICYMI... This Dez Bryant subject is getting on my nerves! https://m.soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/stephen-a-talks-about-the-questionable-timing-of-the-rumored-dez-bryant-video-1, I don't believe Rondo in Dallas will be a lasting relationship because he has not proven to be as good as he used to be., Skip Bayless got real emotional today!, There is no way in HELL the Oklahoma City Thunder has ANY shot coming out of the West without the services of Kevin Durant., LeBron James's 10-year old son being recruited by colleges is quite disgusting., Karl-Anthony Towns is good but he's not Jahlil Okafor GOOD., Coming up at 2p et Mike Wilbon joins the Stephen A. Smith show to talk the impact of the Chicago Bulls losing Derrick Rose & more NBA. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. 888.623.3646., Time for the Stephen A. Smith show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. 888.623.3646, It's no way the Chicago Bulls can compete for the NBA Championship without Derrick Rose.

What chances are you giving them?, null, All anyone cares about is can Alex Rodriguez still play., Taking Jameis Winston at No. 1 is a NO-BRAINER., I didn't get a chance to go fullly in on Marshawn Lynch on ESPN First Take. I'll have more to say now on The Stephen A. Smith. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. 888.Maddog6, Watch the Marshawn Lynch topic up next on ESPN First Take. Listen and learn!, I can't contain how excited I am for this fight!, null, null, null, null, Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao plus Phil Jackson talk coming next: The Stephen A. Smith Show on  SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. 888.623.3646, I'm appearing on College GameDay this Saturday from Kansas. I'm looking forward to it!!!, ORLANDO come out and see me at the University of Central Florida tonight at 7pm. Meet me in the Pegasus Room., null, Yyyyyyyyeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!! It's on and poppin. See y'all in Vegas on May 2nd, Chris Bosh, Kevin Garnett, post NBA Trading Deadline and NFL talk coming next: The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio, Channel 85. 888.Maddog6. 888.623.3646, I'm not buying Kevin Durant's apology but I don't think he needed to apologize., I'm coming to the University of Central Florida! Join me there on February 23rd at 7:00pm!, null, Coming up on The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio. I'm revisiting last night's UNC-Duke classic, Carmelo Anthony shutting it down and what it means for the New York Knicks.

Call-in # 888.Maddog6. That’s 888.623.3646, I got nothing but respect for Kobe Bryant and Kevin Durant but I dress BETTER than them. I don't UNDERSTAND why @GQ hasn't reached out to me!

What you guys think?, I don't believe Duke will win the National Championship. I'm about to tell you why on ESPN First Take., Leave Danny Ferry alone and let him come back and be GM., I'm admittedly bias. This man is one of my best friends since we were college teammates. Always will be. Still happy someone wrote this., ICYMI...My interview w/ Jay Williams previewing tonight’s UNC/Duke gm.

https://soundcloud.com/the-stephen-a-smith-show/espn-college-hoops-analyst-jay-williams-joined-stephen-a-smith-to-preview-duke-unc, They got me good! Always got love for my Rams! #WinstonSalemState #WSSU, Happy Birthday Michael Jordan!, Roy Williams talked about the challenge of coaching in the shadow of Dean Smith's legacy. #UNCFirstTake, null, null, null, null, UNC Forward Brice Johnson, null, null, The Stephen A. Smith Show live on SiriusXM Mad Dog Radio is on. Call-in # 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, I agree w/ LeBron James when it comes to being over the hill to do the Slam Dunk Contest., Getting ready to talk about Russell Westbrook's sensational performance in the NBA All-Star game and more. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is on right now. 888.Maddog6, null, Good times hanging with Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins and Clyde Drexler for SiriusXM NBA Radio's All-Star Weekend Town Hall., 83781982

NEW YORK, NY - FEBRUARY 13:  Stephen A. Smith and Isiah Thomas  attend SiriusXM's "Town Hall" With Clyde Drexler, Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins And Stephen A. Smith at SiriusXM Studio on February 13, 2015 in New York City.  (Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for SiriusXM), Which player; Isiah Thomas, Clyde Drexler or Dominique Wilkins, would dominate the most in today's NBA?, null, About to go LIVE on SiriusXMNBA with Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins and Clyde Drexler., 83782000

NEW YORK, NY - FEBRUARY 13:  Stephen A. Smith attends SiriusXM's "Town Hall" With Clyde Drexler, Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins and Stephen A. Smith at SiriusXM Studio on February 13, 2015 in New York City.  (Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for SiriusXM), 83781989

NEW YORK, NY - FEBRUARY 13:  Stephen A. Smith attends SiriusXM's "Town Hall" With Clyde Drexler, Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins and Stephen A. Smith at SiriusXM Studio on February 13, 2015 in New York City.  (Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for SiriusXM), 83782046

NEW YORK, NY - FEBRUARY 13:  Clyde Drexler, Isiah Thomas, Stephen A. Smith and Dominique Wilkins attend SiriusXM's "Town Hall" With Clyde Drexler, Isiah Thomas, Dominique Wilkins and Stephen A. Smith at SiriusXM Studio on February 13, 2015 in New York City.  (Photo by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for SiriusXM), Let's not be so quick to make this an issue of race., Tiger Woods is TIRED of LOSING., I believe this relationship will work out.

Agree or disagree?, Time for Skip Bayless and I to debate Tiger's break, more on this Jackie Robinson West mess and Pete Rose. Tune in now to ESPN First Take ESPN2, ICYMI...Academy Award winner Kevin Costner dropped by ESPN First Take today., This fight was the BEGINNING of the END of the Mike Tyson that we knew., Do you think the Denver Broncos are done with Peyton Manning? I don't!!!, I would love for Alex Rodriguez to sit down with me., The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Radio is coming on right now., A tremendous loss to the basketball community today. RIP Jerry Tarkanian., Say what you will but it's truly time to Fear The Beard., ICYMI... Magic Johnson joined me on The Stephen A. Smith show., I'm not the only one fed up with Jim Buss!, The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Radio is on right now. Greg Hardy, Magic, LeBron James, Jerry Rice and more discussed. The number:888.Magdog6. That's 888.623.3646, Magic Johnson thinks he slick. He's trying to take our jobs!, I am LIVE on The Stephen A. Smith show from 1-3 pm est. Check SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio to tune in. Channel 85. To call in dial 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646. You can also leave your comments below., null, Getting ready to talk about the Baaad Man's new signal caller, LeBron James' impact on Kevin Love and celebrate the legacy of the great Dean Smith. 10a et, ESPN2., Been traveling all day and just heard the news about Dean Smith. R.I.P. To one of the greatest coaches - and human beings -- I've ever met. My late coach, Clarence "Big House" Gaines never failed to remind any-and-all of what he meant to the sports world. Hopefully, everyone will be reminded of just why that is in the days and weeks to come.#GodBlessTheOneAndOnlyDean, Can't wait for Ray Lewis' new show #CoachingBad premieres tonight on Spike! Check it out., null, This thing with Chris Paul has just gotten ridiculous. Since few want to say so, I guess I will. Tune into the Stephen A. Smith Show NOW! SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel 85. The number: 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646., Time to talk Chris Paul's comments about the female ref & Mark Cuban’s objection to my Super Bowl take about Pete Carroll. 10a et ESPN2., null, Golden State Warriors will need a lot more than Stephen Curry to win the West., I had to get new MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred's thoughts on Alex Rodriguez., Showtime. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is ON. Today I'm talking Stephen Curry, Chicago Bulls & Snoop Dogg in the house. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, null, Time to deal with Skip Bayless. Join the debate 10a-12p et ESPN2., null, null, God bless Charlie Sifford..., I had to get this off my chest today..., Cris Carter is up next on the Stephen A. Smith on SiriusXM, Maddog radio. Not just to talk about the Super Bowl, but specifically Josh Gordon -- who's now been suspended for the year by the NFL following yet another misstep. Looking forward to this conversation. If you have someone in your life who needs help -- or it's YOU who needs help -- you need to tune in, as well. Call in if you like at 888.623.3646, Feel free to tune into my radio show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio (Channel 85) right now. Got to go in about OUR PEOPLE!, I'm setting this mic on fire. Tune in NOW SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio for The Stephen A. Smith Show. 888.Maddog6. 888-624-3646. My boy Cris Carter will be on to talk about the league punishing Josh Gordon at 2p et., null, Skip Bayless and myself are about to take over Mike & Mike. Tune in now. ESPN2., Now it's REALLY official., NOW on the Stephen A. Smith Show:

Pete Carroll still trying to defend his decision. 
Johnny Manziel and LeBron James. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio 888.Maddog6. That's 888.624.3646., null, I'm sad for Johnny Manziel., null, The buck stops with Pete Carroll., I'm still trying to figure out what Pete Carroll was thinking last night. Join me for The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio right now. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.624.3646., null, The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is about to begin right now. 

Today's guests: Jimmy Graham, Antonio Brown, former Denver Broncos RB Terrell Davis, Former New England Patriots WR Deion Branch and Jamie Foxx. 888.Maddog6. That's 888.624.3646., My response to Josh Gordon's letter...

http://cdn.stationcaster.com/stations/wknr/media/mp3/Stephen_A__Smith_w__The_Golden_Boyz-1422568206.mp3, I've seen Frozen 12 times becasue of Idina Menzel's voice., Today's Lineup on The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio:

All times ET:

Barry Sanders - 12:15pm 
Idina Menzel - 12:30pm
Philadelphia Eagles RB LeSean McCoy - 12:40pm
Buffalo Bills Hall of Fame WR Andre Reed - 1:00pm
Troy Aikman - 1:15pm
Evander Holyfield - 1:30pm

888.Maddog6. That's 888.624.3646., What Floyd Mayweather is doing is fool's gold., A great 2 weeks doesn't make LeBron James the MVP., ICYMI...here are my thoughts on Marshawn Lynch's antics with the media., Joining me today on The Stephen A. Smith Show are Cincinnati Bengals coach Hue Jackson, Washington Redskins safety Ryan Clark and Carolina Panthers Pro Bowler Greg Olsen. Channel 85, Call-in # 888.Maddog6. That's 888.623.3646, Thank you Stephen Curry & Klay Thompson for giving the fans what they want!, Former LB Bill Romanowski joins me at 1:30p et & Hall of Famer Cris Carter drops by at 2:30p et. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio 1.888.Maddog6, It's time to stop disrespecting Bill Belichick., Richard Sherman has every right to question Kraft & Goodell's relationship!, null, Coming up on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio I'll be talking to my man Ray Lewis and will also be joined by former Colts G.M. Bill Polian. 1.888.Maddog6, Come see First Take LIVE at the McCormick Hotel in Scottsdale, Arizona all week for the Super Bowl. If you can't make it catch it every day tomorrow thru Friday 10a et, ESPN2., ICYMI... me & Mad Dog Russo got into it over #DeflateGate., Right NOW I'm talking #DeFlateGate, LeBron James & Carmelo Anthony making the NBA All-Star team. SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio 1.888.Maddog6., Here's the First Take segment on Sherman/Brady., I completely believe every word Bill Belichick said., I completely believe every word Bill Belichick said., null, DeFlate Gate, Belichick's press conference, Tom Brady's role, Mayweather/Pacquaio and the Chicago Bulls. The Stephen A. Smith Show on SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio is coming right now: 1.888.Maddog6., null, ICYMI...My reaction to Deflategate..., Here's who I think has the best shot at Super Bowl MVP., null, Belichick and the Patriots better win the Super Bowl!!! I'm talking DeflateGate NOW on  SiriusXM Mad Dog Sports Radio CALL IN 888.Maddog6., Ha. Sundayday has finally arrived. Looking forward to a weekend of nothing but Football. Can't wait to watch Mich. St/Oregon tomorrow followed by watching the Cowboys lose to SF On Sunday. Btw....Pittsburgh, Tampa, New Orleans, Baltimore, New England will Win too., What's up everybody. I've been quote busy covering the NBA Playoffs and this weekend will be no different. However, I'm fully aware of the rhetoric spewed against me based off of my response to Mark Cuban's comments, my debate on ESPN First Take with Dr. Michael Eric Dyson, and the way my words were interpreted by folks in the Black (My) Community. I haven't had time to put my thoughts in writing but I intend on finding some time this weekend. I've read reactions. I've seen the responses and I fully intend to have my own. Very, very shortly.
Don't you worry. Nobody is hiding this way., Good afternoon, everyone. I'm live here in San Antonio. I'm not going to lie: after watching Indiana handle Miami on Sunday I'm kinda missing being at that series, but I DO expect this Spurs/Thunder series to be big time. Although I'd feel even better about OKC's chances if Serge Ibaka wasn't out for the playoffs, I still believe Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook are going to go off. They'll average about 60 combined for the series. The thing is, I believe it needs to be closer to 75 -- unless Reggie Jackson goes off -- for them to pull this out. Can't see it. Spurs in 6 without Ibaka. If Ibaka miraculously returns, as Skip Bayless seems to think will happen, OKC in 7. To meet the Miami Heat, folks! Regardless of what happened to them in Game 1 vs. the Pacers., I know my boy, Monte Ross (Coach of Delaware) lost today to Michigan St. Sad that their season is over. But i'm so proud of my boy, what he's endured all of these years to finally get that program to the NCAA Tournament. This is just the beginning of big things for my boy -- who also happens to be one of the best people I've ever known. Congrats Money Ross. Proud of you boy. As all the fellas are. And especially our peeps at Winston-Salem State University., Good morning everyone. Sorry I've been out of the loop. Lots of stuff going on. I won't be gone for this long again. I promise. Make sure to check out First Take today on ESPN2 at 10a.m. EST. Durant, the NFL and Phil Jackson's arrival to NY are not the only things we'll be talking about. We'll also discuss Richard Lapchick's report on African-Americans lagging behind with their graduation rates in college basketball, and why. Stay tuned for that one. See y'all soon., As for Charlie Strong:
For those wondering how successful he'll be as the new coach at Texas, I said let's give the man a chance and I stand by that. In four years at Louisville, the man was 37-15, went to a bowl game all four years, won three of them and finished his last two seasons 11-2 and 12-1. No one is questioning his abilities as a coach; just whether he'll be able to survive because he's all about football and not the politicking that comes along with the job.
It was at that time that I reminded @RealSkipBayless on ESPN First Take that there's a difference in corporate America between White and Black Folks: White Folks come to work with a job to do. Black Folks come with a responsibility.
It's Black Folks who are constantly implored to give a voice to the voiceless. Who constantly are reminded of their responsibilities to speak up and tackle issues for a group of folks devoid of a voice to do so themselves. 
The thing is, that responsibility is too much for folks sometimes. Some folks want no part of it. They just want to be able to do their jobs and do it well, and leave the rest of it to other folks. And, most times, there's absolutely nothing wrong with it, because having to harbor that responsibility is a weight they simply can't handle. And when they're forced to do so, the worse parts of themselves are revealed.
So I made that point about Charlie Strong this morning, specifically, to point out that Texas should be lucky it has him. It  should be solely focused on his ability to produce as a football coach, and should spend all of it's time catering to his needs than worrying about their own. That way, they'll win games. Their institution returns to prominence, and everyone wins -- a helluva lot more than they've been winning in recent memory. 
That's all I have to say...........For now!, Happy New Year everybody. Just finished watching Jameis Winston and Florida State beat Auburn for the National Championship. I'm right again over my man @RealSkipBayless (Haaaa). But what a great game. Maybe the best Nat'l Title Game I've seen since Vince Young and Texas beat Reggie Bush and USC. Now that we've gotten that out of the way, I feel the need to reiterate a couple of points I made on ESPN First Take this morning regarding Cincinnati Bengals Coach Marvin Lewis and Lousiville Coach, Charlie Strong.
Marvin Lewis:
I hope no one expected me to apologize for saying Lewis needs to go because I'm not about to. For one, the man has been to the playoffs just 5 times in 11 years. Secondly, at no time has he ever -- and I do mean, EVER -- won a playoff game. Lastly, regardless of how much I root for African-American coaches to succeed, how in God's name can I legitimately say anything about the Jason Garrett's or Mike Shanahan's of the world and give Lewis a pass when he's suffered similar results, but has done so over the course of 11 years on the job? It can't happen, folks.
I've received numerous tweets over the last several hours from folks in our community, asking: "How can you do this to a brother?" My retort is, he's not the only brother I need to be concerned about.
Last checked, there are numerous brothers starving for a FIRST opportunity. What about them? What about the next Mike Tomlin. How is someone like that suppose to get a chance when coaches producing menial results are allowed to stay on the job? Can't happen. Let's keep in real. And more importantly, let's keep it fair please. It's only right and I'm not letting up on this.
Lewis needs to go.
More..............., Hope everyone had a very Merry Christmas. I'm so looking forward to the New Year. Remember: chance favors the prepared mind. Be ready to take advantage of the opportunities you've craved for.  If you're not ready, someone else will be. Then they'll take what was yours. Don't let that happen., Final comments on this Herman Cain matter, because I'm already seeing some folks questioning my "background." I'm from Hollis Queens (NY). I was raised in an impoverished background. No Silver Spoon's in my mouth, folks. Sorry. But I'm proud of how my Momma raised me. She raised me to be objective, fact-based. And while I'm subjective in expressing my thoughts about things, I'm very OBJECTIVE IN PURSUIT OF INFORMATION. More importantly, it's necessary to reiterate my bigger point more crisply.
Folks, if you tell someone you want nothing to do with them, what can you possibly expect from them? Wouldn't that answer be nothing? If we're being real -- as a community -- have we, the Black Community, not done that to the Republican Party?
My point is, what happened to telling someone to FLATTER YOU? To stand in a neutral position and demand that both parties do so? To pose the threat -- to Republicans, Democrats, etc. -- of steering your vote in a different direction if you're not appeased?
Everyone else does it. The Jewish Community. The Hispanic Community. The Asian American Community. Why not us?
Please understand, that's all I'm saying here. I'm not speaking for or against anyone. I'm simply saying that we -- as a community -- need to refrain from being so transparent with our vote/support.
MAKE FOLKS WORK FOR YOUR VOTE.  There's absolutely nothing wrong nor offensive about taking that position. In fact, it's the intelligent way to go. And if we just stop, for one second, reacting so emotionally all the time and pay more attention to being fact-based and knowledgable -- like I know we are whenever we want to be -- it'll put everyone on their P's and Q's. Speeches won't cut it. And then we'll truly be the America we so desperately are suppose to be: A place where fairness is far more prevalent than being taken advantage of.
To accomplish that involves looking at ourselves BEFORE anyone else. The calling, and acting, like it is., Please understand, that when the subject of Blacks in America being a disenfranchised community is broached, the reasons are simple: We've disenfranchised ourselves. If it's been since 1964 that our community hasn't given more than 15% of our vote to the Republican Party, it is my belief that we've stripped ourselves of any potency, whatsoever. Why? Because the Republican Party knows they're not getting our votes, why cater to us? Conversely, if the Democratic Party knows they have our votes on lockdown, why to would day cater to us? 
The answer would be, neither caters to us. Because one party knows they have us and the other party knows they don't. Therefore, no one's catering to our needs, our desires, what we deem important. Instead, they'll go in another direction, leaving us to fend for ourselves and scream to the wind while others have their concerns met and the attention of or politicians are aimed in a different direction: preferably a constituency they perceive as still being up for grabs, with the potential to swing the proverbial pendulum in their direction. 
This is not to be interpreted as speaking out against our President or anyone Liberal or Democratic. Remember, I'm a registered Independent. I'm not taking sides here.
This is, however, the reason why I speak out to the Black community about ostracizing Black Conservatives, treating the conservative populace as if our ethnicity is stripped because of one's ideological position. It's simply not beneficial to our community -- and to America as a whole -- to come across as if we're so one-dimensional, devoid of expanding our mind and thoughts. As is rationale and reason go out the window. We need to be more open-minded. More receptive to the facts and history both sides present as opposed to emotions disseminated in an effort to influence us. 
Then, and only then, will we be better off. Whatever direction we take, be it Democrat or Republican, Liberal or Conservative, will be fine with me. 
Until then, we are lost. As a Nation. But even moreso as a people. 
And not even because we're oblivious to facts. But because we CHOOSE to be., Good afternoon. Forgive me from deviating a bit away from the world of sports today but I felt it necessary in life of a tweet posted by former Republican Presidential Candidate Herman Cain regarding a segment on my show -- ESPN's ESPN First Take -- last week on Jim Brown calling out Kobe Bryant.
Herman Cain took to Twitter to applaud my courage for "calling out the Black Community for ostracizing Black Conservative." Let me say four things about that tweet from Mr. Cain:
1.) I am not a Republican.
2.) I did not support his run for the Presidency.
3.) However, I respect the man, what he's accomplished and his rights to his beliefs. God Bless him.
and....most importantly,....
4.) I stand COMPLETELY BY what I had to say last week on First Take.

I work for ESPN. They don't pay me, nor ask that I represent their name, to involve myself in Politics so I'm making no attempt to do that now, nor was I making an attempt to do that last week. However.......
Being a Black Man, noticing the trials and tribulations my community experiences as a whole, I not only firmly believe it's absolutely ridiculous that Black Conservatives -- again, which I am NOT -- are ostracized. I believe it's senseless, counterproductive and, dare I say, genocidal to our community to conduct ourselves this way. And my reasons are very simple:

More................., I don't want Mike Woodson to get fired, but I'll admit I'm becoming seriously worried. Mistakes like the ones last night committed against the Knicks simply cannot happen. It just can't. Forgetting to call a timeout. Experienced players doing the same. Defensive assignments missed. All just unacceptable. I still believe a 54-win season -- combined with everyone and their mama knowing the East is coming down to Miami vs. Indiana -- should accord Woodson a full season. Especially since Tyson Chandler has been out, now with Raymond Felton and Pablo Prigioni, as well. But I don't trust the Knicks to stand pat in this regard. Knowing them, they'll get rid of Woodson, let Herb Williams coach for the rest of the season, then get rid of all the assistant coaches once the offseason arrives. Again, I don't think it's fair or that it should happen. But I can't rule out anything right now. I'm worried, dammit! Plain and simple., For some reason, i find myself wishing the Knicks could get their hands on Rondo., I noticed some folks were a bit peeved about my take on Mack Brown's coaching future at Texas. I said that maybe it's time for him to go, but please don't get things misconstrued. 
I know Brown has been rest for Texas overall (158-47 record, I believe). I know he's won a Nat'l Championship and has played in 2 Nat'l Championship games. But last time I checked, this is Texas we're talking about here. College Football Royalty. The program with the deepest pockets, according to my man Skip Bayless. Yet, over the last four years, they're 5-7, 8-5, 9-4 and 8-4. So, to me, the question isn't about Mack Brown. The question to be answered here is what standard do the LongHorns live by in this day-and-age.
Nobody is trying to disrespect Brown this way. His record speaks for itself. But if Texas isn't a part of the championship conversation -- and Alumni claims that's what they're all about -- then what's the problem? What's wrong with saying, 'Mack, you were great. We deeply appreciate you. The 16 years you've given us. You'll always be valued and taken care of. There will always be a role for you here, but we feel it may be time to move in a different direction.' Somebody tell me what's wrong with that? How is that disrespectful?, And just like I said before. When JB told Arsenio Hall that, back in the day when Muhammad Ali had the Mount Rushmore of marquee Black Athletes standing in support of him, literally by his side -- that Kobe Bryant would not have even been called to be one of those guys -- I think JB is sadly mistaken. Kobe would've been one of those guys because he has the cache, the intelligence and the fight inside of himself to stand TOGETHER with folks. So would LeBron. So would D-Wade. So would Kevin Durant, Carmelo Anthony, Chris Paul and any of these guys I've covered. Just because guys are protective of their brands doesn't mean for one second that they wouldn't stand up and stand together for a just cause. I am not asking y'all. I'm telling y'all.
Standing alone is one thing, because that's all on you and you never know if you'll be left holding the proverbial bag for nothing, because nothing would happen.
But standing TOGETHER? That's an entirely different matter. Do not doubt this., Glad y'all enjoyed me with Skip Bayless on First Take today. Hope y'all are enjoying me with Ryan Ruocco on ESPN Radio in New York (98.7FM) right now. Just wanted to make sure I clarified my position on Kobe Bryant and Jim Brown:
JB is entitled to his perspective -- which will ALWAYS be respected here. But if folks are thinking Kobe's some weak brother conscientiously, you have no clue about the Black Mamba.
He's an intellectual warrior. Someone who believes in fighting the fights you can win and taking stances that actually matter. This subject that JB broached was one of them. Kobe's not running from that conversation. He'll be more than happy to remind anyone of what we should all know: 
That being a real brother is defined solely by being from the hood, not articulating ourselves properly enough at times, debating in the barbershops and throwing our hands up to fight. 
More..................., Good morning, all. Just reached 1.6 million followers on Twitter. Looking to do the same here on Facebook, so keep the love coming. BTW....I'm going to be on the Arsenio Hall Show tonight so make sure to check me out. Can't wait. I've admired the brother for quite a long time. Love the fact that Arsenio is back on the late-night scene. Long overdue., I don't know what anyone else noticed, but I can tell you RG3 looked a bit sad to me today. Can't blame him. He's been benched. He's probably taking more heat than he deserves, and Coach Shanahan, no doubt, has put him on front street, possibly damaging his reputation for years to come. But that still doesn't negate that, at some point, if you're RG3 you've got to ask yourself about whatever role you played in all of this.
I believe Shanahan can't be trusted. That he's trying to get fired, collect his $7-mil for next season and be done with it. But does that really absolve RG3 for his prima donnish tendency: All-in-for-Week-1, I'm starting (w/o consulting with Shanahan), etc. Just a question, folks. Just a question., Damn! I knew Carolina would lose tonight but I thought they'd at least show up. After 8 games, I guess they were due a game like this, but I was hopeful Cam would put in a show. Oh well!
Btw.....I totally believe the report on Shanahan wanting to leave b/c RG3 was coddled by Snyder too much. I also still believe Melo is gone this season. I'm starting to wonder about what LEBRON will do since D-Wade is still hurting and I'm glad Auburn is meeting FSU for the Nat'l Title. Specifics will arrive tomorrow morning on First Take on ESPN2. Until then, see y'all later., Appreciate all of y'all watching First Take on ESPN2 today. I'm still disgusting that Alabama loss, but Auburn deserves credit. And I'm still trying to figure out how Ohio State can be left out of the BCS Title Game if they go undefeated. Let me also say there's no reason to do anything more than fine Mike Tomlin for his, uh hum, trick vs. the Ravens. That there's every reason for our faith to grow in the Eagles' Nick Foles. That there's even more reasons to feel bad for Marcus Cooper (Chiefs) after what Peyton Manning and Eric Decker did to him yesterday -- and that there's absolute no excuse that might Knicks are tied with Milwaukee for the WORSE RECORD IN THE EASTERN CONFERENCE., Big Sunday of Football, folks. The Jets need to win badly today. So do the Chiefs, Giants and Eagles. We'll see if Geno will be better today. If the Chiefs can do anything without Houston and a questionable Hali against Manning. We'll see what RG3 does today and, of course, Nick Foles, too. The thing is, as the season wanes I find myself getting a bit depressed. Instead of looking forward to the pivotal point of this regular season, framing the playoff picture, i find myself thinking "Damn, we only have two months left of football." And I'm a basketball guy. Y'all feel where I'm coming from?, Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. I know i did. Now back to business. The Knicks stink right now (BTW....Melo's got to win a game-tying/winning shot over Randy Foye). The Nets are just as bad, looking worse at times, actually. Y'all know how I feel about the Cowboys and....No! No! No! I did NOT bad RG3, and sensitive lads like Christopher John would have you believe.
In fact, I think there's been too much piling on with RG3. We just can't forget that he instigated all of this with his offseason antics -- and his DAD did so, as well, when he publicly spoke out.
You can respect a young man and his family, yet respectfully disagree with how they've handled things in public. It's not as if anyone took conversations in the privacy of their homes and publicized things. So let's stop  with all the Kleenex-induced nonsense., Evidently, folks think I stutter when I talk, so I feel the need to make things a bit more clear: While I believe A-Rod looked absolutely ridiculous evading the prospect of giving testimony under oath, I STILL BELIEVE he's correct in saying the caped crusader (on PED's) himself -- Bud Selig -- should be compelled to testify. As for (Famoust) Jameis Winston, no one's saying he's guilty of anything. But things are more than a bit uncomfortable right now. Not just for him, though. How about the local police, plus Florida State? Just a thought!, I sincerely hope Melo and the Knicks aren't looking like this tonight. But I'm afraid they probably will after the Pacers get thru with them, For future reference, Everyone knows I'm on the lecture circuit quite a bit. This will be the place where I post future speaking engagement commitments, as well. Stay tuned in the near future for further information., On ESPN New York Radio (98.7FM) talking about Alex Rodriguez storming out of his arbitration right now. Feel free to go on-line at ESPNNY.Com then click on LIVE Radio right now to listen in. A-Rod's no innocent victim in all of this. We all believe he used PED's. But that doesn't mean he doesn't have an argument against MLB. Feel free to call in, as you can every weekday from 1-3pm EST, at 800.919.3776., Just in case y'all thought I was joking today,....I wasn't. The way the Knicks are looking right now, do not expect Carmelo Anthony to stay in New York with the way this team is looking. Why would he? Nobody's diming him out here. We're just using logic. Look at this team. Why stay if it's going to be like this instead of heading to LA to finish out Kobe's career, while still possibly having Pau Gasol around? Just makes sense, folks. Especially since LeBron has no plans on coming to New York after watching Dolan in action over the last few weeks., Yes! We did talk about RG3 today on First Take. http://instagram.com/p/g8QuVsCvG5/. Get the podcast and check out what I had to say, And if you're not trying to have influence, what good are you? You feel me James (Brant)? That's how it goes., Much love and respect to Dallas Starr for the kind message on Facebook. Very much appreciate. I try to bring passion to everything I do. If you don't have passion about what you do, usually you won't do it well., Hope all is well, folks. Just fyi....this is my new FACEBOOK page. Yes, it's me.....Stephen A. Smith. So feel free to reach out, become a follower and make sure to plan on communicating with me ALOT in the very near future. I'm determined to get just as attached to Facebook as I am to Twitter. Wish me luck.)