List(Congratulations to Michael Wilder and Cody Skala for placing second at Denison University's Spring 2016 Programming Competition last weekend. The competition consisted of 14 teams of 2-3 people. Thanks to Michael and Cody for their hard work preparing to represent UA at this contest.

To anyone interested in getting involved, the ACM holds weekly competition practices on Friday nights from 6-10pm in CAS 254., null, null, Planning to graduate in Spring 2016?  Graduate students must apply for graduation via My Akron by March 1, 2016.  The undergraduate application deadline was December 1, 2015, however, you may complete a late graduation application by meeting with an academic advisor in CAS 118., Please be safe this holiday season., The CS computer labs (CAS 241 and CAS 254) will be open 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM Monday through Friday during finals week (December 14-18).  After December 18, the labs will remain closed until the Spring 2016 semester., null, The university will close today at 5:00 PM and will remain closed until Monday.  This means that classes that would normally take place tonight are cancelled, and the Computer Science computer labs will be closed as well.  The labs will reopen on Monday at 8:00 AM., Please be advised that the Computer Science Department is not maintaining waiting lists for Spring 2016 graduate classes., Not sure when you can register for spring classes?  Check My Akron., Have a fun and safe Halloween weekend!, Your Spring 2016 enrollment appointment (the date and time you are able to register for classes) is determined by the number of credit hours you have completed.  Check your Student Center in My Akron for your enrollment appointment, or refer to this chart., Two outstanding computer science students, Anthony Deeter and Joseph Haddad, won Choose Ohio First for Bioinformatics scholarships to support their research and exploration in the interdisciplinary field Bioinformatics. The scholarships are merit-based and awarded to academically talented students with an emphasis on academic excellence, leadership, and preparation for a future career in the area of bioinformatics/computational biology. Congratulations to Tony and Joe!, Scholarship opportunity for female undergraduate STEM students.  http://www.scienceambassadorscholarship.org/, Beginning this week, CAS 241 and CAS 254 will be closed from 5:00 PM - 7:00 PM on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  If you have an evening lab in CAS 241, your lab instructor will let you in., null, null, Scholarships available in Bioinformatics. Details: http://www.cs.uakron.edu/~duan/COFS/, Flash sale today at the campus bookstore (Student Union and Polsky).  Clearance merchandise is an additional 50% off., Today is the last day you can add a class for Fall 2015 on your own.  After today, if you want to add a class, you will need to go to Simmons Hall with a paper ADD form signed by the instructor, advisor, and dean.

http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/dates/fallad.dot, Reminder that the university will be closed on Monday, September 7 for Labor Day.  Have a great weekend!, We know the semester just started, but here are the Fall 2015 drop/withdraw deadlines for your reference: http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/dates/falldropwd.dot, Please note that if a class has a waiting list, it will require department consent, and you will not be able to enroll yourself., Welcome back!  Please be advised that the Computer Science computer labs (CAS 241 and CAS 254) will be closed the first week of classes.  They will open on Tuesday, September 8., null, Undergraduates: If you are planning to graduate in Fall (Dec. 2015), the deadline to apply for graduation was July 1.  If you have not yet applied, you will need to contact an academic advisor to fill out a late graduation application.  

Graduate Students: You must apply by October 1 for Fall graduation., Congratulations to the Computer Science students graduating today!, null, The University of Akron was ranked #1 in a list of the top computer schools in Ohio.  http://computer-science-schools.com/ohio, null, The university will be closed on Friday, July 3 in observance of Independence Day., From June 8 through July 31, the Computer Science computer labs (CAS 241 and CAS 254) will be open 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM Monday through Friday and will be closed on Saturday and Sunday.  You must be enrolled in a summer CS class in order to have a summer CS account., null, null, The university will be closed on Monday, May 25 for Memorial Day., The Computer Science main office will be open throughout the summer.  On Monday the university will begin its summer hours of 8:00 AM - 4:30 PM Monday through Friday.  

Computer Science labs will be closed until June 8., Congratulations to the Computer Science majors who are graduating this weekend!  We wish you continued success., null, null, Feel free to tag yourself and your friends., null, Upcoming Hours for CS Computer Labs (CAS 241 and CAS 254):

Friday 5/1: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Saturday 5/2: 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Monday 5/4 through Friday 5/8: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Saturday 5/9: Closed

After finals week, labs will remain closed until summer CS classes begin on June 8., Congratulations to the following students for receiving Computer Science Advisory Board scholarships for the 2015-2016 school year: Jason McGough (pictured, left), Matthew Angelo, Sean Rodaitis, and Lydia White., Congratulations to Wyatt Childers (left), recipient of The Lubrizol Corporation Scholarship in Computer Science for the 2015-2016 school year., Happy Earth Day!, Happy National High Five Day!, The Akron ACM is going to be hosting a Lethal League tournament at our Fragging 201 event in a little under two weeks! 
 
This event will take place in Leigh Hall 306 on Saturday, April 25th from 10am to 10pm. 
 
The tournament will start at 2pm and registration will be open until then. Prizes for the individuals who win first, second, and third place will be 5,3, and 1 $10 Riot gift cards respectively. Lastly, all participants MUST be University of Akron students. 
 
This event is also a LAN party. If you wish to attend it is BYOC(Bring your own computer). But, you are welcome to come and just play games, similar to Child's Play., Jon Schwabish, economist and senior research associate at the Urban Institute, will give a presentation titled “Data Visualization Done Differently” on Friday, April 17, from 2:30 to 4 p.m. in College of Arts and Sciences Building 438.

The data visualization field combines data analysis, graphic design, journalism and statistics in a way that can help analysts in a variety of fields provide their audiences with greater insights into their research.

This talk is part of the Department of Economics Spring 2015 Seminar Series. All are welcomed to attend. For a copy of the paper, please contact Dr. Amanda Weinstein, assistant professor of economics, at aweinstein@uakron.edu., null, Computer Science students at UASIS (UA Student Innovation Symposium)., We'll let this picture from the recent Majors Mosaic speak for itself., null, null, March 20 is the International Day of Happiness.  Have a happy day and a great spring break!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Please be sensible and safe., Tomorrow is an extra special Pi Day!  What will you be doing on 3/14/15 at 9:26 AM?, null, null, null, The CS labs (CAS 241 and CAS 254) will be closed tonight due to a overheating problem., Hello Facebook followers!  With Pi Day (3/14) approaching, we want to know: where are some of your favorite places in the Akron area to get pie?  Do any restaurants or bakeries stand out?, null, "Summit County Sheriff, Steve Barry, has issued a snow emergency until further notice. Sheriff Barry said roadways are hazardous and is asking drivers not to travel unless it is absolutely necessary.", The university will be CLOSED on Friday, February 20., Today's Google Talk is still on, as scheduled.  See you there!, Computer Science computer labs will close at 5:00 PM today and reopen at noon tomorrow., Classes are cancelled from 5:00 PM tonight until noon tomorrow., On Tuesday, February 17, classes are cancelled and the Computer Science Department computer labs will close at 5:00 PM due to the Presidents Day Observance., Department of Mathematics is happy to present Career Seminar for STEM Students. Maria Mandlis, software engineer form Google will give a professional orientation talk " Cool things that matter!".

The talk will take place on Thursday, February 19th from 4:00 pm till 5:00 pm in  Kolbe  Hall 51.

If you plan to attend please sign up at  http://goo.gl/haFaez

For more information please visit  Career Seminar for STEM Students webpage at http://www.math.uakron.edu/~pgordon/C_Seminar/career.html, null, null, There are many fun and free activities throughout the semester for students.  Follow The Zips Programming Network to make sure you don't miss out!, null, null, 50% off clearance items at UA bookstores, today only., null, The university will be CLOSED on Tuesday, Feb.3.  This means that classes are cancelled and CS computer labs will be unavailable., The university is closing at noon today due to weather.  The CS office and CS computer labs will be unavailable after noon., Trivia and free wings at the union tonight, null, Today is the last day you can add a class yourself online for Spring 2015.  After today, if you want to add a class, you will need to get a paper Add form and obtain the instructor, advisor, and dean signatures.  

More info on add/drop deadlines: http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/dates/, Stop by the Student Union for #UAkronIceFest and have your picture taken on the ice throne!, Happy National Cheese Lovers Day!  Maybe your day be filled with cheese and happiness., Reminder that the university will be CLOSED on Monday for Martin Luther King, Jr. Day.  There are no classes, and offices will be closed., The university (including computer labs) will be CLOSED on Monday, January 19 in observance of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day., Interesting topic you may not have thought about., For more information, including drop/WD deadlines, visit http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/dates/, null, null, null, This Wednesday is UA Pride Day!  Wear your blue and gold and join in the festivities.  http://www.uakron.edu/traditions/pride.dot, There is a parking ban for Akron city streets beginning at 6:00 PM tonight., Welcome Back!  We hope everyone's semester is off to a great start., null, null, null, Wondering what happened to your DreamSpark account?  DreamSpark accounts are deactivated at the end of each semester.  Computer Science majors in the College of Arts and Sciences should receive an automated email in mid-January about reactivating their DreamSpark account for Spring 2015., null, The Computer Science main office is closed for winter break.  It will reopen on Monday, January 5, 2015.  Happy Holidays!, null, Close to graduating?  Run your DARS report through My Akron to check your progress and view any outstanding requirements.  Graduate students need to complete the Graduate School Exit Survey.  The link is listed in your DARS., You did it, Zips!  Finals week is over, and the semester has come to a close.  Congratulations to the Computer Science students graduating today!, LAST CHANCE for Lost and Found.  If any of these items belong to you, pick them up in CAS 221., Undergraduate summer research opportunities  http://reu.owu.edu/, Dodgeball at Fall 2014 End of Semester Celebration (clip 1), Dodgeball at Fall 2014 End of Semester Celebration (clip 2), Computer Science majors celebrated the end of the Fall 2014 semester with dodgeball, ping pong, pizza, and door prizes., null, null, LAB HOURS DURING FINALS WEEK
Monday 12/8: 8:00 AM – 10:00 PM
Tuesday 12/9: 8:00 AM – 10:00 PM
Wednesday 12/10: 8:00 AM – 10:00 PM
Thursday 12/11: 8:00 AM – 10:00 PM
Friday 12/12: 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM
Saturday 12/13: CLOSED, null, null, CS computer labs will close at 5:00 PM on Wednesday, November 26.  They will reopen at 8:00 AM on Monday, December 1., null, Today is the last day to get your votes in.  If Zippy loses this round, she's out.  VOTE!, A bracelet was left behind on one of the tables at Child's Play.  If it is yours, please contact us.  Otherwise we will send it to campus lost and found (UA Police) on Monday., Feel free to tag yourself and your friends., If Zippy wins the Capital One Mascot Challenge, how will YOU celebrate?  Share your answer through the Capital One site to earn 50 votes.  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Pretty cool!  (No pun intended.)  See ZIppy above the P?  (Pic from Twitter via the Capital One Mascot Challenge page: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy), Child's Play is in TWO days!  If you haven't already, please preregister for the event at http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/, The university will close at 5:00 PM on Wednesday, November 26 for Thanksgiving break.  This includes CS computer labs.  The labs will remain closed until Monday, December 1., null, Be advised of restricted parking and increased traffic on Friday and Saturday., These Computer Science students are ready for Child's Play!  Are you?  Details and registration here:  http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/, Zippy has made it to the quarter finals in the Capital One Mascot Challenge!  Let's VOTE and send her to the next round!  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, null, November 13 is World Kindness Day., null, Gentlemen, are you participating in Movember?  Upload a photo of that 'stache and earn 100 points for Zippy in the Capital One Mascot Challenge.  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, null, null, null, null, Child's Play is an all day gaming event with tournaments, free play, console games, PC games, tabletop games, pizza, and prizes.  All money from the registration fees will be donated to Akron Children's Hospital.  http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/, An office just isn't an office without an inflatable turkey leg.  Gobble Gobble, null, Today is Election Day.  In addition to voting on issues and government officials, remember to vote for ZIPPY in the Capital One Mascot Challenge!  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Feel free to tag yourself and your friends, Tomorrow is the last day to purchase your ticket for Diwali Night., Zippy is going up against the undefeated Aubie the Tiger.  VOTE for Zippy!  It will be a close race.  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, Feel free to tag yourself and your friends, Happy Halloween!, Only a few days left to purchase your ticket for Diwali Night., Attend Tuesday night's football game for a chance to win FREE spring tuition!, Our Facebook page now has over 200 likes!, Are you ready for Friday's Halloween Bash?  Here, Dr. Xiao models some of the items that will be available in the photo area., null, null, October 28th is Plush Animal Lovers Day!  Happy Plush Animal Lovers Day to you!, The CS Halloween Bash is happening this Friday 3:00-5:00 in CAS 254., null, Did you carve your Zip-o-lantern yet?  In case having fun and showing school spirit weren't enough, your Zip-o-lantern will also earn you 100 points in this week's mascot challenge: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Students hard at work during today's ACM Programming Competition., One week until Halloween!  Join the FB event for the CS Halloween Bash so you remember to attend this fun event: https://www.facebook.com/events/941742219187805/, Please register for tomorrow's programming competition by 6:00 PM tonight.  http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/index.php/acmcomp, This year's Child's Play will be Saturday, Nov. 22 10AM-10PM.  12 hours of gaming, plus pizza and prizes.  All proceeds will be donated to Akron Children's Hospital.  For more information and to pre-register, visit http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/, Happy Diwali to all who celebrate the Festival of Lights!, What movies do you want to see (for FREE) in the student union?  Let ZPN know., Three outstanding computer science students won Choose Ohio First in Bioinformatics scholarships to support their research and exploration in the interdisciplinary field Bioinformatics. The scholarships are merit-based and awarded to academically talented students with an emphasis on academic excellence, leadership, and preparation for a future career in the area of bioinformatics/computational biology. 

The three Choose Ohio First in Bioinformatics scholars are:

Alexander Addy (Advisor: Dr. Tom Xiao)
Anthony Deeter (IB-CS PhD student, Advisor: Dr. Zhong-Hui Duan) 
Thomas Wynn (Advisor: Dr. Andrew Sutton)

Congratulations!, Free Jimmy Johns, plus balloon hats and animals., Don't forget to register for this weekend's programming competition. http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/index.php/acmcomp, null, Vote for Zippy!  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, Want to carve a UA pumpkin?  Here are some stencils to get you started: http://www.uakron.edu/traditions/pumpkins/, null, null, null, null, It's a new week and a new challenge.  Vote for Zippy here: https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, This chart can help you determine when you are eligible to enroll in spring classes., Happy Fall!, Need help figuring out when you can register for classes?  Follow the steps in this job aide: http://www.uakron.edu/dotAsset/96b019ae-b127-4d36-9be7-d288de5af7dc.pdf, Diwali Night is coming!  You don't want to miss this fun event., Spring registration begins today.  Remember that the date and time you are able to register for classes is determined by the number of credit hours you have completed.  Thus, the day you are able to register may be different from your friends.  Check My Akron to learn your specific date and time., Mark your calendars!  The Computer Science Department will be having a Halloween Bash on Friday, October 31 3:00-5:00 PM in CAS 254.  There will be candy, bingo, prizes, and you can pose for photos using a variety of masks and hats provided by us.  The event is open to Computer Science majors in the College of Arts and Sciences, both graduate and undergraduate.  We hope to see you there!, The UA ACM is hosting a programming competition on Saturday, October 25 from 1:00-5:00 PM in CAS 254.  For more information and to register, visit http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/index.php/acmcomp, The last day to withdraw from a Computer Science class is Monday, October 13.  Information on the WD policy and refund policy can be found at http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/dates/falldropwd.dot, Office of International Programs moving to Simmons Hall

On Thursday, Oct. 16 and Friday, Oct. 17, the Office of International Programs will move to its new location in Simmons Hall 301.  OIP offices in Polsky 483 will be closed during this time., null, Today and tomorrow only - take $10 off all hoods and pants at all 3 campus bookstores (Student Union, Polsky, and Wayne), plus free shipping online., Want help with resumes, cover letters, or interviewing?  Contact the Career Center, located on the 2nd floor of the Student Union.  They also have resources online: http://www.uakron.edu/career/, The Engineering and Science Career Fair took place today.  We hope that everyone who attended had a successful time.  The All-Campus Career Fair will take place tomorrow 10:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. in the Student Union Ballroom., Senior Seminar is required for undergraduate Computer Science majors and is only offered during spring semesters.  If you are planning to graduate any time in 2015 (spring, summer, or fall), enroll in Senior Seminar in Spring 2015.  Class # 12742 (3460:490-801)., Spring registration begins next Monday, Oct. 13. Check My Akron for the specific date and time you are eligible to register.  Your enrollment appointment is based on earned credit hours as of Tuesday, Sept. 30.  This PDF includes instructions on how to locate your enrollment appointment in My Akron: http://www.uakron.edu/dotAsset/96b019ae-b127-4d36-9be7-d288de5af7dc.pdf, null, This website allows you to locate available computers and software on campus:  http://www.uakron.edu/labs/  (Note: this applies only to public computer labs.  CS labs are not included.), The Goodyear Information Session that was scheduled for Monday, October 6 has been cancelled., China Week is this week.  View the flyer here: http://www.uakron.edu/dotAsset/d33b9b8e-3841-48d6-a194-3c9bc167ed94.pdf, null, Don't listen to Grumpy Cat.  Vote for Zippy and help her win!, It's a close race. Your vote could be the difference. https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, ANNOUNCING SCHOLARSHIP OPPORTUNITY IN BIOINFORMATICS-OPEN TO BOTH UNDERGRADUATE AND GRADUATE STUDENTS

Scholarship applicants are sought for students interested in studying BIOINFORMATICS. These scholarships are provided through the Choose Ohio First Program offered through the University System of Ohio Board of Regents. All applicants must be official residents of Ohio. Scholarships provide up to $4700/student annually, and have the potential to be competitively renewed (depending on funding). At least 14 scholarships are available (if more are awarded, the amount per student will decrease).

All applicants must apply online by October 8, 2014. Applicants need to provide:
1) their most recent academic transcript
2) 1 letter of professional recommendation, and
3) a 1 page proposal that details the nature of the bioinformatics research that the scholarship will support.

Previous awardees are encouraged to reapply, however, this application should emphasize accomplishments achieved under the last scholarship, as well as plans for the next award.

For more information and links to online application, go to http://www.cs.uakron.edu/~zduan/COFS/, A watch was found in the CAS 254 computer lab.  If it belongs to you, please come to CAS 221 and describe the watch to Laura to get it back., It's a close race in this week's mascot challenge.  Participate in the 50 and 100 point challenges to help Zippy take the lead.  http://ow.ly/BVbN1, Pizza!  Prizes!, null, Do you have a pet?  Upload a pic/video of your pet being Zippy's biggest fan for 100 points in this week's mascot challenge.  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, Zippy is losing!  Be sure to use the 50 and 100 point challenges when voting.  Voting for this round ends tonight at midnight.  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, This week's competition is still very close.  Vote for Zippy!  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, Zippy needs your help!  VOTE!, null, What to do when a tornado warning is issued on campus.  http://www.uakron.edu/safety/tornado.dot, Schedule of events for next week's Diversity Week 
http://www.uakron.edu/studentlife/campusprograms/diversityweek.dot, null, In remembrance of September 11, 2001, Zippy is still ahead in this week's competition, but her lead is slipping a little.  Since classes were cancelled tonight, why not use your free time to vote?  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Evening classes are cancelled and the CS computer labs are CLOSED tonight due to the weather., Laura Bonko and En Cheng know that Zippy is #1.  If you agree, vote for Zippy in the Capital One Mascot Challenge.  New competitors and challenges every week.  https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Sale on hats at the campus bookstore., Reminder that TODAY is the last day to add a Computer Science class for Fall 2014. To add a class, you will need to get a paper add form and obtain the instructor, advisor, and dean's signature. This applies to internships and honors projects as well., Happy International Literacy Day!  Celebrate your literacy by reading a book., null, null, null, A new week means a new mascot battle.  This week's 50 and 100 point challenges are pretty simple, too.  Let's show Zippy we love her!  VOTE!  

https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Looking for something to do on the weekends?  Here is a list of local corn mazes, pumpkin patches, and fall festivals.  

http://northeastohiofamilyfun.com/list/pumpkin-patches/, null, Zippy does the Macarena, shows off her pouch, and more in this interview with WKYC.  #CapitalOneZippy, There is a flash sale on clearance items today only at the UA bookstores., Did you know?, A beautiful day at #uakron!  (Photo credit: Laura Bonko), American Idol winner Kris Allen will perform a free concert today outside EJ Thomas.  Free pizza and t-shirts for students, too., The Around the World Party is coming!  Have fun while learning about other cultures.  Tickets are $3 in advance, or $5 at the door., Several computer science books on sale in today's Kindle Daily Deal.  

http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html/ref=sv_kstore_2?ie=UTF8&docId=1000677541, A new week, a new challenge.  Vote!  

https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, null, The university, including CS computer labs, will be closed on Monday, September 1 for Labor Day., null, Today is #UAPrideDay.  Why not show your UA pride by voting for Zippy in the Capital One Mascot challenge?

https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Show your school spirit on #UAPrideDay tomorrow, GRADUATION APPLICATION DEADLINES

Undergraduate Students:
The last day to apply for fall 2014 graduation was Tuesday, July 1, 2014.  If you missed the deadline, see your College Dean to determine if late application is possible.

If you are planning to finish all of your undergraduate degree requirements at the end of spring 2015, the last day to apply for graduation is Monday, December 1, 2014.

Graduate Students:
If you are planning to finish all of your graduate degree requirements at the end of fall 2014, the last day to apply for graduation is Wednesday, October 1, 2014.

http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/graduation/index.dot, Information on drop/withdraw deadlines and the refund policy:

http://www.uakron.edu/registrar/dates/falldropwd.dot, null, ZPN Fall movie schedule, null, Wow!  Great job, Zips!  We are off to an excellent start in the Capital One Mascot Challenge.  Keep the votes coming!  #CapitalOneZippy  #uakron, null, In the words of Professor McGonagall in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, "Do your duty to our school!"

https://capitalonemascots.com/mascots/mascot/zippy, Remember to vote for Zippy!  Let's show everyone that she is the BEST mascot!, null, New CS lab hours for Fall 2014:
Mon-Thurs 8:00 AM - 10:00 PM
Fri 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM
Sat 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM, Divergent is being shown for free at 9:00 PM tonight in SU Ballroom A.  Free popcorn for all, and free blankets to the first 50 people., Less than 1 week until Fall semester begins.  What are you most looking forward to about the new semester?, Zippy will once again be taking part in the Capital One Mascot Challenge.  Voting opens Monday, August 25, 2014 at 12:00AM EDT and will continue through December 7, 2014.  Let's show everyone that we have the BEST mascot!, Event and activities to kick off the fall semester.  Click link for details., Congratulations to the CS students graduating today!, null, 360-degree views of campus.  Navigation is on the left-hand side.  

http://www.youvisit.com/tour/uakron/80209, Congratulations to Dr. En Cheng for receiving a grant from the National Science Foundation!, null, null, Our favorite marsupial with our favorite aquatic bird.  , Akron's own Ronald McDonald is back in a new Taco Bell ad., What do you think this roo is thinking?, null, GeekFest is coming to Akron-Summit County Public Library on Saturday, July 26. Free events include Magic the Gathering open play and ramen noodle eating contests. This is an all-ages event and all fandoms are welcome.  View the flyer for more info: http://www.akronlibrary.org/events/YSO-6622--Geekfest%202014.pdf, We here in Computer Science are very excited about today's special delivery!  These squeeze toys will be given out at promotional events for prospective and incoming students., Today is Video Games Day!  (Not to be confused with National Video Game Day, which occurs in September.)  What are some of your favorite video games?, Happy 4th of July!, The university, including computer labs, will be closed tomorrow for Independence Day.  Have a fun and safe 4th of July., Effective July 1, Dr. Tim Norfolk from the math department will be Interim Chair of Computer Science.  Dr. Kathy Liszka will serve as Computer Science Coordinator.  Items previously handled by Dr. Xiao will now be handled by Dr. Norfolk and Dr. Liszka., Tuesday, July 1, is the graduation application deadline for undergraduate students planning to graduate at the end of the fall 2014 semester.

Students must apply for graduation through My Akron. Step-by-step instructions for submitting a graduation application in My Akron are available by clicking the Graduation Services link in the Quick Links section under the Resources tab of My Experience., Happy International Sushi Day!, Tuesday, July 1, is the graduation application deadline for undergraduate students planning to graduate at the end of the fall 2014 semester.

Students must apply for graduation through My Akron. Step-by-step instructions for submitting a graduation application in My Akron are available by clicking the Graduation Services link in the Quick Links section under the Resources tab of My Experience., null, Get a FREE doughnut at Krispy Kreme tomorrow for National Doughnut Day.  http://www.krispykreme.com/NationalDoughnutDay, null, Here are some interesting aerial views of campus.  , null, The Honors College is looking for honors students to be summer peer mentors., null, null, The university will be closed on Monday, May 26 for Memorial Day., Why should you study Computer Science at The University of Akron?  Morgan Willis shares her story., Copies of the new edition of the CS1/CS2 book arrived today!  Orange you glad?  :), null, Donate your used books, movies, and CDs to Main Library (on High St. in Akron) this Saturday., Reception in the Honors Complex Common Room to welcome President-Elect Dr. Scott L. Scarborough., You made it to the end of the semester!  Congratulations to all the Computer Science students who are graduating tomorrow., Aaron Battershell will be available for tutoring this week in CAS 254 during his regular tutoring hours: MWF 10:30AM-11:30AM, TTH 6:30PM-8:00PM., null, Feel free to tag yourself and your friends!, null, The Computer Science student is happiest in its natural habitat., null, SpringFest is this Friday.  Please be advised of the following parking notices:  

The Carroll Street circle at the Student Union (Lot 18) will be closed the entirety of Friday, May 2, for SpringFest.

The rooftops (including ramps) of both the Exchange Street Parking Deck (Lot 39) and South Campus Parking Deck (Lot 36) will also be closed the entire day for the fireworks show that evening. 

In preparation for the fireworks show, at about 8:30 p.m., access to both these and the Schrank Parking Deck (Lot 37) will be completely restricted (including access for pedestrians). This closure will last for the duration of the fireworks, until about 9:30 p.m., Have you checked the CS Jobs page lately?  Several new opportunities were recently posted., We will be emptying the Lost and Found at the end of the semester.  If any of these items belong to you, pick them up in CAS 221., The ACM Programming Competition is today in CAS 254.  Good luck to the participants, and have fun!  

http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/index.php/acmcomp, Dr. Andrew Sutton and undergraduate Morgan Willis film a promotional video for the CS department., Have books you don't read?  Movies you don't watch?  CDs you don't play?  Donate them to Akron-Summit County Public Library's Library Shop on Main!  The Library Shop sells gently used books, movies, and music, and well as new greeting cards and gift items.  All money made is donated to the library to help with their programs., Happy Easter!  We hope you enjoyed this sunny Spring day., The UA ACM student chapter will be hosting a programming competition on Saturday, April 26 in CAS 254.  For more information and to register, visit http://acm.cs.uakron.edu/childsplay/index.php/acmcomp, Stop into the CS office (CAS 221) for a free Angry Birds Easter Egg!, null, Check My Akron to make sure you don't have any holds on your account that will prevent you from enrolling in classes.  To have a hold removed, you will need to contact the department that put the hold on your account in the first place.  For example: contact OIP for international insurance holds, your academic advisor for advising holds, etc.  The Computer Science Department does not put holds on student accounts, and we cannot remove holds either., The date and time that you are able to enroll in Fall classes is determined by the number of credit hours you have completed.  Check the Student Center section of My Akron to find your enrollment date and time.  

This PDF shows instructions about where to look to find the information: https://www.uakron.edu/dotAsset/0696f50f-9f37-42eb-a132-ac45483fb09f.pdf, Tuesday, April 1, is the graduation application deadline for undergraduate students planning to graduate at the end of the Summer 2014 semester.  Students must apply for graduation through My Akron., We will be offering 2 brand new courses in Fall 2014:
3460:489/589 Android (Dr. Liszka)
3460:689 Adv. Topics: Language Design (Dr. Sutton), During Spring Break, the CS computer labs will be open 8:00-5:00 Monday-Friday.  They will be closed in the evenings and closed all day on Saturday, March 29., The weather is getting warmer.  How about a new UA shirt, now 25% off at the campus bookstore., null, The date and time that you are eligible to enroll in courses is determined by the number of credit hours you have completed.  This PDF lists the enrollment schedule for Fall 2014.  

https://www.uakron.edu/computer-science/PDFs/4147_Enroll_Appointments_for_public_viewing-1.pdf, null, null, Learn about internships and get a free t-shirt!, null, null, null, Zippy in Washington, DC!, Tuesday, April 1, is the graduation application deadline for undergraduate students planning to graduate at the end of the Summer 2014 semester.  Students must apply for graduation through My Akron.  

Additional details regarding the graduation application process and commencement information can be found at www.uakron.edu/registrar/graduation.  Questions may be directed to the Office of the University Registrar at commencement@uakron.edu. , Guided Meditation for Zips (FREE)

When: Wednesdays 12:00-12:30 PM (except spring break)
Where: CBA Room 139
Sponsored By: ACS Rubber Division Student Chapter
Contact Person: Aditya Jindal aj58@zips.uakron.edu

All students, faculty, and staff are welcome., International students: if you need a letter for your parents to enter the US, follow these guidelines.  http://www.uakron.edu/computer-science/academics/graduate-program/visa-letter.dot, ASEC is still closed.   Registration for the Engineering and Science Career Fair has been relocated to the Career Center, Room 211, in the Student Union., The deadline to register for the Engineering & Science Career Fair has been extended to 3:00 PM on Monday, March 3.  To register, bring $5 and a hard copy of your resume to ASEC 203.  ASEC is closed today due to lack of heat., null, Friday is the last day to pre-register for the Engineering & Science Career Fair.  To register, bring $5 and a hard copy of your resume to ASEC 203.  The fair will be held on Tuesday, March 4 from 10 AM to 3 PM in the Student Union ballroom.  Late registration (the day of the fair) will be $7., Check your Student Center on MyAkron for the specific date and time you are able to register for classes., The new CS Jobs page is now live.  http://www.uakron.edu/computer-science/careers/cs-jobs.dot  Use this link to check for local internships and employment opportunities.  The old CS Jobs page will no longer be updated.  , Dr. Xiao with Lei Sun.  After graduating from UA with a BS in Computer Science, Lei moved to California and started his own company, Yozio.  Lei returned to UA last week to present seminars about entrepreneurship to CS and business students., If you plan to attend the Google lecture on Thursday, please take a moment to complete the sign-up form:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dHZ4V1UzTUpkdlVZM3dSa0hoRmVuc2c6MA#gid=0, What do you love about Computer Science at The University of Akron?  Leave a comment and let us know!, Reminder: The last day to withdraw from any regular session Spring 2014 class is Monday, March 3.  After this deadline, requests for withdrawals cannot be processed.

Questions regarding class withdrawals may be directed to the Student Services Center at ssc@uakron.edu, Free Lecture.  All are welcome.

Introduction to Entrepreneurship from Technology Perspective
Speaker: Lei Sun
Thursday, February 20th, 2014
1:45 PM – 3:00 PM
Olin 123A, Wishing everyone a Happy Valentine's Day!, Looking for an internship or job in CS?  Check out the CS Jobs page to see postings from local employers.  http://cs.uakron.edu/~csjobs/  New and improved page will be coming soon.  , Wednesday, February 5: Classes are cancelled, but the CS computer labs are open., null, Tomorrow is the Chinese New Year.  Happy New Year!, The university will be CLOSED on Monday, January 27 and Tuesday, January 28 due to weather., null, Dr. Kathy Liszka has a journal cover featured in the new Science Faculty Research Gallery, located in the science library.  As University Libraries explained: "In the sciences, most research output is in the form of journal articles. Over time, a tradition developed of honoring particularly excellent articles by putting art from the article on the journal’s cover. To 'get a cover' means the researchers have combined excellent research with something visually engaging.", Undergraduate Research Opportunity, null, LOST AND FOUND - Do any of these items belong to you?  Pick them up in the CS main office, CAS 221., Chinese Spring Festival Gala, Saturday January 25, 6:30-9:00 PM, SU Grand Ballroom, Student Tickets $5 presale or $6 at the door, The university will be CLOSED on Monday, January 20 for Martin Luther King, Jr. Day., One more "like" to reach 150!  Thank you for supporting our department and following our page., A few highlights from today's Ice Fest.  Stop by the Union to see them in person before they melt., Information about upcoming campus career fairs. , Every day is #UAPrideDay in the Department of Computer Science., It's #UAPrideDay.  Are you showing your school spirit?, Stop by the Student Union tomorrow between 10am and 1pm for Ice Fest, where large blocks of ice will be carved into sculptures.  Then visit the second floor of the Union for UA Pride Day, where there will be free popcorn and other giveaways., The last day to drop a class is March 3.  The last day to drop without WD appearing on your transcript is January 27.  Information about refunds can be found at the link below.  http://www.uakron.edu/student-accounts/refunds/, null, Amazon is having a sale on Kindle editions of select books on programming and other computer science related topics.  Click the link to see all available titles., Did you watch Jeopardy yesterday?  There was a question about Tux!, New Computer Science students are starting to arrive on campus, including many students from India.  Welcome to the US!, Attention incoming graduate students: right now, the only graduate CS courses that are open are Generic Programming and Parallel Processing.  If you want to take a third class, you can consider taking a pre-approved elective from another department.  The list of pre-approved electives is located at the link below.  Only one class (3 credits) of non-CS classes can be counted towards the CS degree., null, null, null, Happy New Year!, null, null, null, Consider signing up for a FREE Do Downtown card to take advantage of lots of great deals at Akron restaurants and attractions!, Congratulations Fall 2013 graduates!, All CS computer labs will close today at 10:00 PM and remain closed throughout winter break.  They will reopen at 8:00 AM on Monday, January 13., null, Tuition for Spring 2014 is due January 13.  Please finalize your schedule NOW so that you are not charged for classes you do not intend to take., Important dates, as well as hours of operation for UA services during winter break., null, null, Best wishes for your finals!, A message from Barack Obama about Computer Science., December 9-15, 2013 is Computer Science Education Week., Bowling, Billiards, Pizza, Prizes, null, Mozilla Gaming Competition, Sweats 25% off at the UA bookstore., It's the last week of classes.  Good luck on your projects, presentations, papers, and exams!  The end is in sight., Dr. Xiao poses by the department Christmas tree while wearing his finest holiday hat., If you have not already done so, please RSVP to Laura for the End of Semester party TODAY.  We're ordering food on Monday and want to be sure we order enough., null, Sunday, Dec. 1, is the graduation application deadline for undergraduate students planning to graduate at the end of the spring 2014 semester., null, null, This year's Childs Play raised $1135 for Akron Children's Hospital!, Tips to keep your home safe. If you live near campus, UA Police can even check on your home while you're out of town., null, Childs Play is this Saturday!  Have a good time while supporting a good cause!, ACM members staff a table at the Student Union to promote Child's Play, the all-day gaming event to raise money for Children's Hospital.  Have you pre-registered?  It's not too late!, NEW: You may now tag yourself in photos posted on the Computer Science FB page., Computer Science students, faculty, and staff celebrated Diwali, the Indian festival of lights, on November 10, 2013 in the Student Union ballroom.  Thank you to Dr. Chan for these excellent pictures!, The Computer Science Department is home to many international students.  "Like" this status if today is your first time seeing snow!, New photos added to the Wozniak album!, It's November 1.  That means new decorations in the office., null, null, Happy Halloween!  Have a fun (and safe) day!  Here are some pictures of the decorations in the CS office., The Zips Assistance Pantry is open TODAY 9:00-5:00 in Simmons 101., On Nov. 2, CS undergraduate Tim Gardiner will participate in Extra Life and play video games for 25 hours to raise money for Akron Children's Hospital.  His goal is to raise $100.  Click the link to make a donation., There is still time to buy your ticket for Diwali Night!  Several CS graduate students will be performing Indian dances.  Indian food, music, and temporary tattoos too., Childs Play - All Day Gaming - Nov 23, Help your fellow Zips!  Donate personal hygiene items to the Zip Assistance Pantry collection bin in the CS main office.  The Pantry will be open on 10/31 from 9:00-5:00 in Simmons 101., Akron Beacon Journal article and video from the Wozniak lecture and reception., null, null, null, Use these stencils to carve Zip-themed jack-o-lanterns!, Tonight several students and faculty from Computer Science attended the Steve Wozniak lecture at EJ Thomas and were even able to meet him!  If you have pictures you want posted on the department FB page, please contact Laura Bonko or send a PM to this account., Did you lose a flash drive?  Flash drives that are found in the CS computer labs are brought to CAS 221.  There are currently 6 USB drives waiting for their owners., null, null, It has come to our attention that several graduate students took Database Management as an undergraduate.  If this is the case with you, it is ok to enroll in the Data Integration class., CS grad student Kritsakorn "Art" Chaumpanich and CS undergrad Tim Gardiner pose with a balloon Zippy during UA on Display (September 2013)., In order to take Data Integration, you must have already completed Database Management.  Students who have not taken Database Management will be dropped from Data Integration., FLASH SALE!  Tomorrow only (10/17/13), t-shirts are 25% off at the UA bookstore.  (Excludes Under Armour.), The iMacs are up and running again., The iMacs are currently unavailable.  For your safety, do not attempt to connect them to power.  The Electrical Shop is working to correct the problem., If you plan to do an internship, you must enroll in the internship class BEFORE you complete the internship.  Credit cannot be given for work that has already been completed., The iMacs are working again., Due to an electrical problem, the iMacs in CAS 254 are currently unavailable., Free Steve Wozniak lecture at EJ Thomas on 10/21.  Tickets required., Play video games, board games, computer games, card games -- all for a good cause!

ACM Child's Play 2013
November 23, 2013 10AM - 10 PM
University of Akron Student Union Ballrooms, Third Floor

Click the link for more information., Congratulations to Andrew Marmaduke, Alex Addy, and Aaron Battershell who placed first, second, and third respectively in the Diebold coding competition!  Great job!, null, Enlarge photo for information about Parallel Processing, offered Spring 2014, 14 teams from 6 universities competed in the Fifth Annual Muskingum Programming Contest.  UA's teams were qUArk (Andrew Marmaduke and Aaron Battershell) who placed 2nd, and qUAck (Walter Wolfe, Cory Boveington) who placed 7th.  Way to go!!!!, It's almost time to enroll in Spring classes.  Log into your Student Center on MyAkron to verify there are no holds on your account that will prevent you from enrolling., Graduate Students: Please meet with a faculty advisor before the end of your first year to sign your contract.  Contact Laura in the CS office to schedule an appointment., The CS department's Operating Systems class may not run in the spring.  We suggest you consider taking 4450:325 Operating Systems Concepts (MWF 9:55 AM - 10:45 AM).  It is through Computer Engineering and will count toward your CS major requirements., Kent State is hosting a free hackathon October 18-20.  Click the link for more information and to register., Reminder: Sunday, October 13 is the last day to withdraw from Fall 2013 classes., Diebold is hosting a Coding Competition THIS FRIDAY!  Open to ALL Computer Science students – registration is required - please register by visiting the Career Center, Student Union 211., null, Need help writing a resume?  Interested in finding an internship or co-op?  Visit the Career Center inside the Student Union., Are you a graduate student expecting to graduate in December?  Tomorrow (October 1) is the deadline to apply for graduation.  Apply online at MyAkron., Need a break from studying?  Try our Computer Science word search!, Scholarship Opportunity in Bioinformatics
http://www.cs.uakron.edu/~zduan/COFS/, Engineering & Science Career Fair
Tuesday, October 8, 2013
10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
InfoCision Stadium
Advanced Registration ends in ASEC 203 on Friday, October 4, You can follow us on Twitter @uakroncs, null, Congratulations to Dr. Collard for his award for Most Influential Paper., Road closures this Saturday., Welcome to the UA Computer Science Facebook page!  It's a work in progress, but stay tuned for news of the department and academic reminders.)