List(null, Another sad day for The Littlest Bar. We will again close our doors for good at the end of business today. Thank you to all our patrons for all your support:(, Our new closing date is now SEPTEMBER 6th. Yippee, 9 days to closing. New location to be announced soon, 3 more weeks to enjoy some fine food and drinks. Patio still open., null, The chalk board says it all, We love all our patrons but please please don't be this guy today:), Happy St Patrick's Day to all our staff and customers, Closed Til the morning again, man this winter is long, We are brave enough to face the cold, are you? We are open for business, We will be closed until the morning., We are open for business. We hope to see you for lunch, All we need are some parking spaces or the T and we'll be open for business. We will be closed on Tuesday 10th. Stay warm and safe everyone, We will be closed on Monday 9th due to predicted snow storm., We will be closed tonight due to the parking ban in town., No lines, no wait, walk 10 minutes after the parade for a quick lunch, The Littlest will be closed for the rest of the day. We will reopen at 11am tomorrow morning., The Pats celebrations have began. We will be open for business as usual. Come down for a pint and cheers the boyz, Who is joining us for whats sure to be a fabulous game on Sunday?, Oh it's going to be a good one, We will be closed from 5pm this evening until the snowstorm is over. Stay safe, null, null, Let Paul mix up up a delicious cocktail today, null, null, Now taking reservations, We will be closed for thanksgiving day. Happy thanksgiving to all our Littlest family and patrons, Thank you to all Veteran's whose have served this country. 50% off all food for veteran's and their spouses with military ID. Happy Veteran's Day, null, Warm your bones with our delicious apple cider, null, Are you thinking on lunch already? We are, our chef and cooks are already in the kitchen. Let us make something for you., null, Let us make you dinner tonight.., Little shady on the patio today but we can seat you at the Guinness table and you can pour your own guinness or Blue Moon., Starting to think about lunch yet. Turkey and avocado sandwich is looking awesome, Nice day for lunch on the patio, Happy birthday America. Open during Arthur., null, USA game at 6pm, Enjoy the game on our patio while you try our chef's new creations from our new summer menu, Patio now open, come relax and enjoy a cold beverage, 3 TV's, 1 on the patio. Join us for lunch and a game of soccer, Showing all world cup games, Patio now open, Join us near the greenway and try a dish from our new summer menu, Join us for the game tonight. Cool beer, great food and TV on the patio if you are brave enough, Let the summer begin......
Beer garden open with TV for all your sporting enjoyment, Outdoor seating coming soon, null, null, null, Parade Day, null, "Luck" is a lady tonight!!!!, Open until 2am, As of now we plan to open round 12 tomorrow afternoon, The Littlest bar is closed for the rest of the evening. We will update about tomorrows schedule later. Stay warm, Got out of work early????? Jessica made her way in to serve you hot drinks and food on this chilly day. Open today until further notice, Had enough time with your family???? We are open. Come by for a quick one, We would like to wish all our patrons a happy holiday.

We will be closed from 6pm Christmas eve until 6pm Christmas Day., null, Delighted to be host Dee Jay Andradre and his friends birthday parties tonite. Happy birthday and Happy holidays everyone, WE ARE OPEN. Need a bevie after spending the day with the family. Stop by to see Eug. Open til 2am, Some great new menu items to check out, 50% off for all veterans and military with ID all day today, All geared up for Game 1. Come by for a pint, Patio open and lunch is being served, swing by for a drink and people watch on the Rose Kennedy parkway, Mike Reynolds now leading the sessions on Sat evenings 6-9. You can enjoy the session while sitting on our patio, Is the summer finally here????Eugene is making up the sangria, stop by over this glorious weekend and try a glass (or a pitcher) on our patio., Just done making some house made White Sangria... Come by and try it., Thank you to our law enforcement. We appreciate everything you do. It's been a long week and we are ready to go back to a more relaxed routine, Delayed opening today due to the hunt for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, We will overcome. Stay strong Bostonians. Thoughts and prayers to the families of the victims of today's horrible event, DJ Jordon tonite from 10pm. Trad session 6-9, all welcome, Gd Fri is over in just over half hr, Come just us for a cocktail, null, Our festivities begin today, come on down for lunch and start off your St Patrick's Day weekend, Who's getting ready for St Patrick' Day???? We are. Entertainment schedule coming soon. Corned beef and cabbage specials starting on Monday, null, Staff party tonite, who's excited, Alrighty everyone we are back in action. The Littlest will be open bright and early on Monday morning, The Littlest will be closed until further notice, WE ARE OPEN
Jess got out of her nice warm bed so anyone that had to work could have some lunch so come on down for some beef stew n a hot toadie, Join us tonite for Bruins V's Sabres at 7pm. Cold beer and hot coffee's whipped up by Eugene and Amanda., Bruins and cold beer anyone?, DJ Jordan tonite at 10 with all your favorites, One of our featured holiday cocktails the "Chocolate Cherry Hazlenut Martini", New holiday cocktail specials :-), Summer is in full effect and so is our all new PATIO! Come by and enjoy the weather have some food & drinks on our all new patio. :-), Summer timeeeeeeee. Stop in for some cold beverages this weekend :-), Make sure to stop in this week and try the new Magner's Berry seems to be the most popular drink for the summer :-), What a beautiful day out in Boston. What are you plans today?, Almost the weekend!, DJ Gally this serving up the jams all weekend make sure to get there early!, What an amazingly crazy weekend it was like Mardi Gras & St. Patrick's day had a baby and that was this past Saturday. All the staff did a great job and we are almost all rested thank you to everyone that came and packed the house from 10am-2am you guys were great and we hope you had a blast!, Its been a crazy day at the littlest and its starting to get crazy all over again, It's 230 on a Friday and we have a packed house let the St Patrick's festivities begin!!!, St Patrick's day is upon us and we are ready! Looking forward to seeing everyone this weekend make sure to stop by and try something off the St Paddy's day menu and get yourself a pint of Guiness., null, This Saturday we will be showing the Ireland vs. England rugby game., The weekend is HERE!! Come check out DJ Gally tonight and tomorrow we have the St. Patrick's day pub crawl w/ DJ Jaser dont forget to get a pint of Guinness from our own Eugene who was crowed the best Guinness pourer in Boston!, Our very own Eugene Hoade won the Boston Guinness pouring contest last night and is now the reigning champion for pouring the best Guinness in Boston make sure to stop by this weekend and have a pint. Congrats Hoadie go Team Littlest!!!, The Weekend is finally Here! come by tonight DJ Gally from 10-2 then tomorrow Irish session from 6-9 then DJ Jaser takes over from 10-2 last few weekends have been great come find out why!, TGIF!, Happy Valentine's Day :-) <3, Great season Pats. Looking forward to next year., Remember this boys??? Lets get aquinted once more GO New England Patriots!!!, TGIF!, Only 2 Days until the Superbowl...the anticipation is unbearable!, Can't wait for the Superbowl. This is a much needed rematch and its going to be an unreal game come on in and watch Superbowl XLVI. Time to add another banner up at Gillette lets go PATS!, Congrats to Bob Kraft & the Patriots for winning the AFC championship! It was a hell of a game. Now on to the Superbowl and time to get back that 2008 win! Let's go Pats!!!!, Alright this Sunday we need to cut the wings off these Ravens! Also dont forget we Have a Special PATRIOTS PLAYOFF PLATTER for all the Patriots playoff Games. It's a personalized version of our famous SAMPLER! 2x Chicken Tenders, 2x Buffalo Tenders, Crispy Cheese & Bacon stuffed Potato Skin & a mountain of Golden Onion Rings! all for only $8!!!!! So make sure to come in Sunday and watch the game here at The Littlest, GO PATS!, See you Next Weekend Baltimore, Great win for The Pats, Played a hell of a game and ended Tebow for the second time. So who do you think we will be playing next any predictions?, So Great!, We Have a Special PATRIOTS PLAYOFF PLATTER for all the Patriots playoff Games. It's a personalized version of our famous SAMPLER! 2x Chicken Tenders, 2x Buffalo Tenders, Crispy Cheese & Bacon stuffed Potato Skin & a mountain of Golden Onion Rings! all for only $8!!!!! So make sure to come in Saturday and watch the game here at The Littlest, GO PATS!, Let's Help Tebow relive this moment on Saturday! GO PATS!!!!, We can't wait for Saturday's Game, Pats vs. Broncos come in, watch it and have a pint. Let's go PATS!, 69  Days until St. Patrick's Day..., Don't forget you can also come in and pour your own Pint!, Thank You to everyone the rang in the New Year with us at The Littlest it was a blast having you!, Come in and check out the all new Friday's feat. DJ Gally & Saturday's feat. DJ Jaser, null)