List(Happy Easter! From Sully & his family .
Both locations will be closed., Happy St. Patrick's day! 

Corn beef specials while it last! 

Music starts at 4 

Lynn location only., THURSDAY!, Sundays in Somerville!, Celebrating ONE year in LYNN! 

We thank you!, THIS JUST IN! 
St. Patrick's day 2016!
Live music and Sully's famous corn beef at our Lynn location 151 Central Ave. !, Great work!, Bring your loved ones in on Sunday, Valentine's Day and receive half off on the garlic burger! 💕 🍔, T R I V I A tonight 8pm.
Somerville location only. 
Free to play! 
Chances to win cool prizes and gift certificates!, Snow doesn't bother us! We are open both places!, Super bowl special at our Lynn location! Call for details! 

339.440.4564, Tomorrow night! Get your tickets!, Lots of exciting and fun events coming to our Lynn location! 

Mark it in your calendar! You do not want to miss out!, Raise your glass and paint brush to another PAINT NIGHT! 

Tuesday January 26th at 7 pm.

Reserve your seat NOW before we sell out again!  

http://puievents.com
Discount: PAINTPARTY, T R I V I A tonight at our Somerville location 8pm!, TONIGHT!, Coming to our Lynn location this Saturday!, LIVE MUSIC! 

Coming to our Lynn location!, Trivia tonight at our Somerville location 8pm!, null, Thank you for everyone who came out to paint night.... It was such a fun night that we will be hosting another one January 26th!, Last chance to get your tickets for tonight's paint party!

Can't make it? We will be hosting another party in January., Coming to our Lynn location! 
December 8th 7pm 
Promo code: PAINTPARTY, Trivia tonight in Somerville 8pm!, Trivia tonight in Somerville 8pm!
TIME CHANGE! 
Trivia tomorrow night in Lynn 7pm!, Coming to our Lynn location!
December 8th 7pm 
Promo code: PAINTPARTY, Thank you to all that have served and continue to serve our great country!, P.U.I December 8th
Painting Under the Influence 
151 Central Avenue - Lynn.  
7pm, Trivia tonight in Somerville! 8pm 
Tomorrow night in Lynn! 8pm 

Paint night coming soon!, TRIVIA tonight at our Lynn location 8pm... Paint night coming soon!, Thank you Zagat!, TRIVIA tonight at our Somerville location TRIVIA tomorrow night at our Lynn location both start at 8 pm!, Somerville location will be CLOSED Thursday due to construction and the gas being turned off on Beacon Street...Sorry for the inconvenience!, We thank the legendary Peter Wolf from 
J Geils for coming into our Somerville location tonight for one of our famous burgers!, Trivia tonight in Lynn! 8pm, Stump trivia starts at our Lynn location next Wednesday at 8 pm! 
Come play for free to get a chance to win cool prizes and gift certificates for free food!, Trivia tonight in Somerville 8pm!, STUMP TRIVIA coming to Lynn .... Wednesday, October 14th 8pm!, Coming soon to the Lynn location....Stump trivia and paint night!, null, Trivia TONIGHT! 8pm
Somerville location only., Half off burgers 3-10!
Lynn location only
Rules do apply, Finishing up the final touches!, Get tickets for a fun night out!, Trivia Tuesdays are back! Starts at 8 pm 
Somerville location only., Featured in The Daily Lynn Item... Starting this week Sunday funday specials for the games!, TRIVIA tonight! 8pm Somerville location only! 
Free to play, free prizes & a great time to play with friends or family!, Number 12 out of 50 things to eat in Boston before you die ...Check it out!, Hope everyone had a great Labor Day weekend! Starting tomorrow 8pm STUMP trivia ... Somerville location only., Welcome back students! Trivia starts back up on Tuesday September 8th 8pm!
Somerville location only., The legendary TOTO stopped in for a burger before putting on quite the show for an outstanding crowd of 2000 people at the Lynn Auditorium. They must have worked up an appetite because they came back for a second visit with us here at R.F.O'Sullivans immediately following the show. Thank you for your support TOTO, you rock !, null, HALF OFF burgers 3 to 10! Lynn location only., Don't forget! Half off burgers tonight in lynn 3-10!, Just a reminder! Half off all burgers in lynn location only ... Happy Monday!, JOIN THE 50 CLUB! 

Hope to see you all there at our new location in Lynn only!, Just a reminder! No trivia tonight until after Labor Day! 

New beers on tap coming SOON!, It was great to see the great governor of Massachusetts, Charlie Baker with family and friends enjoying our great burgers., Check us out in northshore magazine restaurant issue!, We are sorry if we inconvenienced anyone this past week while we hosted two St Mary's graduation parties. We hope everyone enjoyed themselves as we did serving you! Have a safe and fun Memorial Day weekend!, SOMERVILLE location!
Last stump trivia tonight at 8pm!, Tomorrow night is our last night for stump trivia! We will resume in the fall., LYNN LOCATION ONLY!
Both Tuesday and Thursday night our dining room will be closed from 6-10 for private parties.
The bar side will be OPEN!, It's national burger month! Guess whose burger was first on Julian Edelman's list!?, null, Somerville location! 
Come in tonight for trivia with $5 margaritas at 8pm! 
Show this to your server!, Check out our new website! 
http://www.rf-osullivan.com, We would like to thank the city of Lynn for the great crowd we are attracting...we see a lot of repeating customers from all over the north shore. We are here to make everyone happy and it's working! Spread the word!, Both locations will be closed... Have a blessed Easter!, Trivia tonight at our SOMERVILLE location tonight 8pm! 

What would you like to see at our lynn location? Paint night? Stump trivia? Let us know!, null, It is great to see all the people from Lynn wishing us well! We served over 2000 burgers in our first week if we disappointed some...we are sorry! It is a learning stage for our new employees! We don't make excuses we want YOU happy! Thank you. RFS, Another great night in the city of Lynn! Guests include the honorable Tom Mcgee phantom gourmet hosts Dave and Mike Andleman, Mr Dadgar from Dadgar insurance and all our new friends. We THANK YOU!, London style fish and chips for St. Pattys day!, Happy ST. Patrick's day. The phone number for our Lynn bar is :                339 440 4564 and address is 151 central ave Lynn., NO trivia tonight!, Bring on the storm!, We are proud to announce to the great people of Lynn and the wonderful country we live in that our doors will be open tomorrow March 14th!, First shipment of craft beers. ... You know what that means!?, Come in tonight for a burger and show your server this status for a $2 PBR 16 oz can., Trivia tonight! 8pm., We expect are contractors to finish the final preparation... So they can close out their  permits! The city has been waiting as much as we have to get going!, Coming together, Pictures being hung with care next to state of the art televisions., Waiting for two more inspections. The doors will open up for march madness....we thank you for your patience!, Trivia tonight! 8pm, null, Our vision is coming alive, IMPORTANT UPDATE about our new lynn location. 
The furniture is in Phili as we speak it will arrive in boston at 5 from the Carolina's....that means we are getting real close to serve you are great burgers....Thank you for your patience!, Bring your loved one in for our Valentines day special! 
Garlic burger half price all day!, We are OPEN until 530., Come in for a burger before the snow comes! We will be
open until 9., Trivia Tuesdays will resume after the holidays January 6th., Friends from paddys of Cambridge enlightened our night with great Christmas carols enjoying burgers, friends and a few beers., TRIVIA tonight! 8pm, We are OPEN during outside street work! Sorry for the inconvenience., It's always a pleasure serving Brandon LaFell, Julian Edelman, Patrick Chung and Shane Vereen from the Patriots after a great win last night!, Friday night special event!!! Paddy's Glee club, 50 performers will be singing festive Christmas carols. They should arrive between 7-9. Yearly event not to be missed., Winter beer selection, Our name has been revealed to Lynn!, Celebrity sightings on thanksgiving eve at O'Sullivans ... The great Eddie Andleman & wife Judy. Also,the versatile wide receiver Julian Edelman., Come warm up and let us do the cooking tonight! Happy Thanksgiving!, Trivia tonight! 8 pm, This week! 
Trivia Tuesday at 8.
Closed Thursday for Thanksgiving!.... Have a happy and safe holiday!, We are OPEN during road construction!, Our two way fireplace being installed today!, Trivia tonight at 8!, Check us out on Phantom Gourmet at 11!, The great state of Massachusetts approved
R.F.O'Sullivans for our liquor license were one step ahead! 
Thank you!!, Burger time!, $2 PBR tonight!, Coming soon!, The beginning of our two way fireplace ... Wall built in 1889., Thursday night football! Free order of cheese fries with a purchase of any pitcher! Go PATS!, Coming together!, Happy Friday...our first panel installed., $2.00 16 ounce PBR cans tonight!, Trivia tonight! 8pm get there early for a seat!, We are on twitter now! Follow us @rf_osullivans, New specials!, First new window installed ... Were starting to see a resemblance, null, Coming along each and everyday!, Hard work in progress! 
R. F. O'Sullivan's in Lynn, MA, TRIVIA tonight 8pm! Get here early!, Trivia starts back up in one week from today!, null, All burgers HALF OFF during the game on Monday! ... Restrictions apply. 🍔, Welcome back students! Trivia starts back up on September 16th 8pm., Have a safe and fun Labor Day weekend!, Come in and try what everyone is talking about! , Let's us do the cooking!, Now serving PRETTY THINGS Jack D'or on tap, Reminder we will no longer have TRIVIA on Tuesdays. It will resume after Labor Day weekend., Happy Friday! Let us do the cooking!, This will be the LAST week of trivia.... It will resume after Labor Day., It's Friday! Come on down and try our Texas burger... Half pound burger served onto a bed of coleslaw, bacon & whatever toppings your heart desires! Have a great weekend everyone!, It's heating up here at R. F. O'Sullivans! Come in for Boston's best burger!, We will be open tomorrow day the 4th of July. World cup football at 12pm and 4 pm, cold beer and of course the best Burger's in town. Hope you all have a great holiday., Let the construction begin in Lynn! 


http://m.itemlive.com/business/somerville-burger-restaurant-owner-wants-to-open-in-lynn-by/article_f4e1b71e-00bd-11e4-98e4-001a4bcf887a.html?mode=jqm, null, Watch us on a new Phantom Gourmet, Sunday at 10:30am! Have a nice weekend everyone!, http://www.lynnjournal.com/2014/06/12/somerville-eatery-looking-to-expand-into-lynn-r-f-osullivans-burger-grill-and-pub-bids-on-former-kevins-corner-property/ 

It's official ladies and gentleman! We are EXPANDING to the north shore!, Sorry for the inconvenience we will be closed tonight Thursday June 5th., T R I V I A 8pm!, Its Monday and it's hot. Come in and blow away the Monday blues in our nice cool bar. AC, COLD BEER AND BURGERS what better way to start the week., Japanese researchers spent four months figuring out the best way to hold a burger... The answer is with both thumbs and pinkies holding the bottom bun and the middle fingers spread evenly on top.
Can our half pound burgers pass the test? You decide!, Trivia Tuesdays 8 o'clock., Shot of the weekend! Baby Guinness ... Patron cafe layered with baileys. Come have one with us., Hungry? Our Texas burger and cock in the cradle burger with salad, another great alternative to fries or onion rings., BRUINS on at 7 & TRIVIA at 8!, Now serving Sam summer & Brookline brown ale., Free order of sweet potato fries with purchase of a pitcher of Yuengling ... Cheers to the weekend!, Watch us on phantom gourmet at 10:30&11am. 🍔, Happy Friday! Watch us tomorrow on phantom gourmet at 11. 🍔, We are looking for experienced part time bartenders. If you would like to join our team please come in at anytime and drop off a resume to Frank.🍔, TRIVIA Tuesdays! 8pm... Get here early for a seat so you do not miss out on a chance to win free food!, We are looking for experienced part time bartenders... If you are interested in joining our team please come in tonight, Wednesday or Thursday between 6 and 8 with a resume ask for Frank...
Have a great day! 🍔, Hungry? , Now serving SMUTTYNOSE on tap!, Once again we are published in Americas 900 best restaurants! Click the link to own your own copy of the book. : ), Trivia Tuesdays with STUMP trivia! 8pm, Now serving Yuengling lager... TRIVIA tonight 8pm! 🍔, Guinness prom tonight! They buy! So come on in for a burger and a free Guinness... Cheers!, Yum!, null, The snow has stopped and trivia is at 8pm! 🍔, We are open! Come in and warm up by the fire with a burger and a beer., Trivia tonight 8pm! Get there early for a seat!, Come win free burgers! TRIVIA tonight.... 8pm 🍔, The grill is staying on later at   R. F. O'Sullivans... Starting Friday night our kitchen is open until 1130 Thursday, Friday & Saturday nights., Mother Nature won't stop us! We are open.... Trivia at 8., Trivia Tuesdays! Starts at 8! Get there early to guarantee a seat., null, Student need a break from finals? Come in for a pitcher of any beer and get a free order of fries!, TRIVIA Tuesdays is still on for tonight 8pm!, The snow has stopped and the streets are clear, come have a burger and watch the game with us!, null, Trivia TONIGHT 8pm!, Come play trivia with us at 8pm and check out a few new items we have added to our menu!, New special 10pm to 11pm buy any TWO burgers get ONE free! Restrictions applied. In house dining only., Trivia TONIGHT 8pm ...Come play!, Trivia TONIGHT 8pm, TRIVIA TUESDAYS! Start back up September 10th 8pm. Come play with our new host to win prizes for you and your team mates., Special of the night! Buy one BLACKJACK burger get one FREE per couple. 
Code: Cajun 
Restrictions applied 10pm-11pm., Student special! Free cheese fries with any pitcher!, Stump trivia returns Tuesday September 10th 8pm!, Order an ice cold pitcher of any of our beers and receive a free cheese fries!, NEW SPECIAL! 
Come in for a pitcher of any beer and a blackjack burger and receive a free one! Some restrictions applied only between the times of 830 to 11., Now serving BLUE MOON! Come in for a pitcher and receive a free order of cheese fries., Trivia Tuesdays has been put on hold for the summer and will resume in the fall. 
Come in for a cold pitcher of beer and receive an order of cheese fries., null, null, Tommy left us this morning RIP., It's national hamburger day! Come eat and play trivia at 8pm., Come watch the BRUINS & have dinner with us. Games on at 7pm., $1 coronas and special burrito burgers today for Cinco de Mayo!, Trivia Tuesdays! Geeks who drink....Starts at 8pm., Cinco de Mayo! Special burrito burger & $1 coronas., We are opened regular hours during this sad time., Opening day! Come grab a burger and watch the game with us., Come in for a cup or bowl of corn chicken chowder or tomato soup. 
Lunch special! 
grilled cheese, salad and cup of soup. $7.95, Bruins are on now and trivia at 8pm .... Come join us!, Trivia tonight! 8pm., Trivia Tuesdays! Starts at 8pm., Happy Valentines day! Free appetizers from 6-10. Restrictions applied. Code 214.❤, Trivia tonight at 8!, Valentines day is Thursday! Bring your date in for a free appetizer between 6 and 10. Restrictions applied. Mention code 214. ❤, We will be open at 4 o'clock!, Late night burger special: buy one burger get second one free! 

Dine in only, beverage required and 2 person minimum served 10:30-11pm. Bar ONLY., Trivia tonight! Starting at 8pm, come play and grab an order of large cheese fries & a pitcher for $14.... Tell your server code BEACON., Super Bowl kick off is at 6:30....Free appetizers and burgers tonight!, New on tap... Angry orchard! Try it with Guinness for a tasty black velvet., Free burgers & appetizers! Super Bowl Sunday.... Ask bartender for details. Don't miss out!, Trivia Tuesdays are back! Starting tonight at 8!, Happy New Year everyone! We do not have trivia tonight but we will be open regular hours., Don't let the snow keep you in! Come grab a burger or even just a beer we will be open. 
Kitchen open until 11., Happy holidays everyone! Ring in the new year with a free burger on New Year's Eve 9:30 to 11pm. Tell your server code 2013. 

Ps: don't forget Super Bowl Sunday that includes free appetizers, burgers and more! Tickets will go on sale soon!, Don't forget! Trivia tonight at 8pm. Win free beer, prizes & more! 
Gansett pitchers $6.95 tell your server code 282., This weeks special:
Burrito burger and a ice cold Corona light for $12.50:-), null, Winter special.
 Magners Irish cider $3.75.
Many more Winter  specials to come.
 New on draft Sierra Nevada Celebration.:-), Kitchen now open every Thursday, Friday and Saturday night till 11.30pm., Monday night special. come in with a friend or loved one between 10 pm and 11 pm, order one burger and get a second on the house. (no take out)., Pumpkin and gansett special, free chicken wings during first half of the patriots game. Last call for burgers 11 pm. 2 for 1 burgers 10 pm to 11 pm sunday through wednesday., Monday night football special. Free chicken wings during the first half of the 8pm game, with purchase of any food item or alcohol beverage.(code is football), Join us this Sunday for the first Pats game of the 2012 season. Free wings with every burger during the game, plus Narragansett beer special.( pass word is Go Pats ), Code for this weeks special is 629., Come in between 9pm and 11pm with a friend or loved one. Order 2 burgers and get a free order of Chicken tenders with your choice of sauce., Two for one special:-) order two plain or cheese burgers with two pints of narragansett for the price of one. ( sun thru thursday from 10pm till 11pm. Sit in only. Pass code 282), Extra large Gansetts for $3.50 all summer long!, Coming Soon... New Draft Special! Narragansett Lager with cheese fries!, Burrito Burger & Corona Special all week until Cinco de Mayo!, Tuesday Trivia Special! Free pound of Buffalo Tenders for parties of 4 or more when you mention code 282!, Stump trivia tonight @8pm, Come join us for St Patrick's Day beers, burgers and a boiled dinner on Saturday!, Stump trivia tonight @ 8pm. Come in and try one of our new draft beers., Come on down for Stump Trivia tonight starting @ 8pm!, Sorry folks, full house tonight for our Super Bowl Burger Special. Call for waiting list (617) 492-7773, Super Bowl Sunday Special! Hang out with us for the whole game and we'll take care of your burger! *no take out, no rain checks*, Live folk rock music with The Natalie Flanagan band. The fun starts @ 8!, Super Bowl Special! Free burgers & apps, ask bartender for details, Live music Sunday night starting @8:15, Come on down for Stump Trivia every Tuesday night starting @ 8pm, Super Bowl Special! Free burgers & apps, ask bartender for details, Sunday December 18th live folk rock music with The Natalie Flanagan band.  The fun starts @ 8.30pm., Its Tuesday once again, that means stump trivia @8 pm., Tonight @8pm stump trivia., Monday night 11/21/2011 buy one burger and get a second one for half price. 9pm to 11pm, dine in  only and please tell the bartender facebook sent you., Trivia tonight @8pm. Every team tonight will get a free order of sweet potato fries., Sunday brunch special now till 3.30pm. Steak and eggs with a bloody mary $9.95, Ashleys sunday brunch special from 11 am to 3.30 pm. Steak and eggs with a freshly made bloody mary for $9.95., Come and eat at osullivans tonight after 9pm and tell them facebook sent you and you will get any burger half price when you buy a drink, Trivia tonight @ 8pm., Pats day special 1$ drafts :), Sunday funday today @ O'Sullivan's :) and some football come enjoy the day, Monday night foot ball!!!!!!!! 1.00 bud light drafts :), It's thirsty Thursday!!! Football, beers, and burgers sound amazing right???? Hope to see u soon :), Hey everyone...remember Monday night is bud light night here at O'Sullivan's come on in and enjoy your labor day with an ice cold bud light :) see u there!, Happy Friday everyone!!!! Come kick off the long weekend with a big juicy burger and an ice cold beer :), It's tuesday trivia night!!! Come win some prizes and test your smarts :) starts at 8pm, New deal.....Bud Light Night tonight!, Come visit me tonight :) celebrate the storm with a beer and a burger :), Come join us tonight for trivia starting @ 8pm!!!!!, It's Monday :)!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yay! Come join us for lunch and try to male Monday a happy one ..., Hello friends :) come on in and end ur weekend with a big juicy burger and a ice cold amstel light (special) only 3.50 hope to see u soon :), New special everyone!!!! 1$ drafts on Monday nights :), Trivia tonight @8pm, Tonight is Trivia night @8pm. Great beer, great food and great new prizes. What more do you need., Monday June 6th free Texas Holdem Tournament. Prizes for 1st and 2nd place. 8:45 start time. Sam Summer new on tap., It's Tuesday once again, that can only mean one thing. Yes it's trivia night at o'sullivans @ 8pm. Great beer, great food and great service. What more do you need., It's going to be a wet week. Come on in out of the rain tomorrow night for stump trivia @ 8pm. Come in early get a burger and a seat.Then sit back with a nice cold beer with friends. Sounds like a good Tuesday night to me., null, New draft beers are here. Come in and try one of our great American beers.
Victory Hopdevil IPA (Pennsylvania) 6.7% ABV
Troegs Sunshine Pils (Pennsylvania) 5.3% ABV
Allagash White (Maine) 5.5% ABV
Long Trail Ale (Vermont) 4.6% ABV
Rapscallion Honey Pale Ale (Massachusetts) 4.5% ABV, wants to know who still has a COUPME!? Come in and use it tonight during Trivia before the big holiday this week!, knows that it is Monday -- get through the week a little easier by treating yourself to a burger!, Typical Tuesday -- come to your favorite bar for drinks, apperizers, and trivia!, it is a great day to order a hot, delicious, satisfying burger -- the cajun spices of the Blackjack burger will warm you right up!, thinks everyone should come down and order the Out of the Blue -- 8 ounces of sirloin stuffed with blue cheese crumbles, cooked to order with melted crumbles on the top! So delicious! Sully's suggestion -- try it with bacon!, STUMP TRIVIA TONIGHT -- bring your BEST LOOKING and smartest friends, we will be taking some new pictures for the facebook page! ;), COUPme is pretty popular down here -- get yourself one, it's a great deal!!!, null, Check out our latest deal -- COUPme! $16.00 Worth of food and drink for only $8.00!!, is having Trivia tonight! Grab your friends and order the Party Platter -- a huge portion of Sully's famous Fries, Onion Rings, and Buffalo Chicken Tenders!, Photos taken by Corey Gylnn
http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fcoreyglynn.com%2Fphotos&h=61ab37XhiIFI9ctugX0I4vAVYsQ , come down and try our new Hawaii 8.0 burger -- topped with ham and a pineapple slice! Nice treat on a day like today!!, thinks you should come in and order the Black and Blue Burger -- 8 ounces of sirloin rolled in black pepper, cooked to order, and then smothered with Blue Cheese Dressing...YUM! Served with half fries, and half rings!, STUMP TRIVIA TONIGH** 8:00 pm!! Bring your smart friends and enjoy Octoberfest! ALSO Happy Birthday to one of our own!, thinks Friday is a great day to eat a burger for lunch or dinner!, does take out orders as well! Call us up and we will have your burger ready to be picked up in about 20 minutes! (617) 492 - 7773, made it to Wednesday! We should celebrate with a big, juicy burger -- Nothing says I made it half way through the work week like an 8 oz. patty of ground sirloin!, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQUwgs4lJyc, is having STUMP! Trivia tonight at 8:00 pm! Grab your *smartest* friends and head down for some great food  and drink -- and prizes for the winners!!, Drop by our discussion page and let us know your favorite burger!!!, has a NEW special -- Come in between 10:00 pm and 11:00 pm for BOGO burgers! Buy one burger, get the second burger for half price!, Now serving Octoberfest on draft!, null)