List(null, null, enjoy the tacos al pastor with the authentic taste of the city streets of mexico now in boston ( bak bay) and now the new location at 145 BROADWAY EVERETT MA...... pruebalos :), null, null, null, Go pats!, Frio? Come get your warm deliciosos burritos & tacos. #BBB Los esperamos!!, Full of joy and color, which remained present throughout time and which is one of the identifying nicest Mexico  #dayofthedead, Un buen Taco merece una buena salsa, no se les antoja? 
Los Esperamos., Buen inicio de fin de semana a todos!, Today Mexico celebrates its Independence Day! Come and enjoy a delicious meal. ¡Viva Mexico!, Come and enjoy our delicious - FISH TACOS - Tacos de Pescado, ENJOY !!!, The World Cup is finally here! Come & enjoy the beautiful game with us!
 #vamosMexico, It's time for Tacos..., Try the authentic taste of traditional Carnitas estilo Michoacan
(Slow Roasted Pork), Friday is for the spice lovers: Come & enjoy our new -spicy roasted pork
 -Chicken on green salsa. Buen fin de semana Los esperamos!, BOSTON MARATON  2013, Welcome to •BBB•  Back Bay Burritos & Tacos To Go!, TGIF!!! Hi FB friends, Come to  Everett location and try the Chorizo & Nopales Tacos!, New Taqueria rogue

We wish you an excellent start of week  Try & discover the delicious taste of  Cha Cha Cha  Taqueria., We at Chachacha love to eat and believe that there is no dish in the world that compares to a good Taco.
Los esperamos!, FRIDAY SPECIAL!, Hey Facebook friends come and try our roasted veggie tacos!!!, FRIDAY SPECIAL!!! Try our Chiken Tacos!!!, Chachacha catering brings you   
El Buen Sabor! 
•We cater for your office, home or privete events.
•Order online at chachachataquerias.com or give us call at 617-669-9624, Buen dia! Los esperamos.., End the week good & end grab your mexican fix #ChaChaChaTaqueria or #BBB Back Bay Burritos & Tacos To Go. Los esperamos!, Come and try our homemade Spicy Salsas & let us warm you up.  Los esperamos!, Los Tacos de Cha Cha Cha 
Carnitas /cebolla/cilantro/pico/salsa verde. 
Te esperamos!, ¡Feliz Año Nuevo!
We'll see you next week for a tasty meal, null, Before the holiday season is over, come and enjoin what we do at our two locations. 
• 145 Dartmouth St. Boston MA. 
• 145 Broadway, Rt 99 Everett MA., Do you like delicious crispy fish or fresh corn tortillas? 
Why not try them together in our new Fish Tacos.
Los esperamos!, Congrats Boston: Red Sox are World Series Champions!
If you're around come and celebrate with us the great victory at Cha Cha Cha Taqueria Back Bay.
#BostonStrong 
, #ChachachaTaqueria #Tortachilanga  #WorldSeries, Order your Taquiza from ChaChaCha  Catering. At http://chachachataqueriaboston.com, null, Come and enjoy the delicious -QUESADIILA-
Spacy Chicken- Marinated Steak- Roasted  Pork.
Los Esperamos!, Come and enjoy the delicious carnitas Tacos!, null, null, null, Pork/Al pastor tacos Red Onions/Cilantro and salsita verde.)