List(Manna lovers!!! Thank you so much for your business! Many loyal customers of ours has been wondering about our business and we have decided to celebrate our great 7 years of business and start a new journey. A close family friend of ours will open a fresh new upscale trendy version of Korean BBQ. Maybe we'll see you there joining you guys! We the Choe family really appreciated your business and we will be open to private family catering. Just email us with specifications at Isabel.choe@yahoo.com We would love to hear from you guys! Thank you and we love you!!, Hey y'all! Is this winter cold enough?? One of our great selling dishes for about three weeks now is our spicy squid pork belly bokkum. Most customers love this with either a hot sake or a cold soju :) enjoy the winter and see you soon!!!, You guys wanna know what's popular these days?? Our famous homemade kimchi pancake, korean style stirfry blood sausage with sesame seed leaves, and our sizzling hot stone bibimbap. Come join us today!

We will also be updating our menu soon. And we are looking to bring back delivery!! :) stay tuned!!, LIMITED TIME OFFER!!! Thanksgiving Special! 11/13-12-1 now until Dec. 1st!! Present it with your phone or print form. See you all soon!, Come in for our famous Japanese pancake! It's called Okonomiyaki :), I know you guys have been itching for this menu because you can't find it anywhere online. Sorry for the inconvenience but enjoy!!, Hey Manna fans!! It's getting colder by the min now that winter is coming! It's been busier now and want to see more of your faces!! Come for some soft tofu stew or spicy seafood soup. One of our best selling Hot stone bibimbap is still at the top of customers' want to get list. So many choices to choose from!! So come on in soon!, Customers who want the menu online please email to Manna house and I will attach file in the message instead of your email!, We made a temporary menu for people who look it up online. I have it on Word file. Those who like this status I will send it through email and please share around this menu!, Don't have the time or feel like cooking yourself a nice stew? Come to Manna House where we provide healthy-hearty Korean stews! If you're feeling up for something stewy and fulfilling, try our jun-gol (hot pot stew). Some of our stews will help prevent you from getting sick: Kimchi Jigae, dwen jang jigae, yookaejang, and more!, Happy New Year Everyone!! 새해 복 많이 빋으세요!! Manna House is closed today but we are back to a new start tomorrow!! Hope to see everyone coming in tomorrow starving for hot stews and more!, Our barbeque is quite popular at Manna House. We just recently made our Kalbi Gui (marinated short ribs) slightly different and how we present it to our customers as well. You just can't resist this one! A must try., After a dreadful Sandy hurricane that hit Boston yesterday, come enjoy our mouth-watering, delicious homemade Manna specialties like bulgogi or squid/pork bokkeum or even special dinner soups that will leave you refreshed., The weather is getting chilly... To stay off from a cold, try our Kimchi Jigae, Soon tofu jigae, or even Dwen jang jigae! Hearty soups with a steamy rice is one of the best dinners over the winter., TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO USE LIVING SOCIAL DEAL! DONT MISS IT!, Heyyy!!! LAST DAY TO GET YOUR AWESOME DEAL for authentic korean food!, http://www.livingsocial.com/cities/2-boston/deals/460026-40-to-spend-on-food-and-drink-for-dinner, Try our cold noodles before it ends this summer! Don't miss out guys!, http://www.boston.com/yourtown/arlington/articles/2012/06/20/a_little_bit_of_seoul_in_arlington/, FINALLY. Cold noodle soup is out and ready to serve!, null, Invite your friends to like this page and eat amazing Korean/Japanese dishes!, Chef, Summer is here and the heat is rising. It's just the right season for some delicious cold noodles also known as naengmyeon! Limiited time and offer of our very best naengmyeog -- starting June 1st until the end of August!, 10% discount for dinner!

http://www.mannahouse-cuisine.com/Images/coupon.png)