List(Layers of heavenly noms. #happyfriday #happynoming 😍😋
#losamigostaqueria #burritoheaven #eaterboston #bestofbeantown #bestfoodboston #guacfordays #newton #westrox #brookline #bostoneats, From local farms to our arms #farmfresh #antibioticfree #grassfed #healthyeating #meatsogood #🔥💣burritos #weonlyusethebest #bostoneats #bostonfood, ChalkBOS did it again! Check out our Amazing hand painted logo on our barn-wood wall!! #brookline #sosoon #excited #handpaintedsigns 😍, St pattys day parade hangover got me like #getinmybellynow #burritolove #cureseverything #nomnomnom #boston #newton #westrox, The talent transforming our chalk board into a work of art menu! @chalk_bos is killin it!  #losamigostaqueria #gettingready #chalkart #chalkmenu #brookline #soclose #bostonfood, Caution: drooling may occur 😋 
#losamigostaqueria #foodphotography101 #bostonburritos #bestfoodboston #newton #westrox #brooklinecomingsoon !, Life's at ease with an ocean breeze. #burritosandbeaches  #gooutsideandplay #earlysummer #idonthateit #losamigostaqueria #beantownfoodie, Amigos! Don't forget to follow us on Instagram @amigosburritos ! We're sure we'll keep you entertained 😁 and we'll be posting updates and free giveaways for opening day in Brookline! Follow us and stay tuned - it's the cool thing to do😝 🌯🌮👏🏾🙉, Damn Daniel, back at it again with them fresh tacos 😂🌮👌🏽 #damndaniel #bostontacos #losamigostaqueria #sofreshsogood, When you try to impress Bae and it actually works #baeritto 

#mosttalentedstaff #losamigostaqueria #spanishriceswag #nomnom #turnup #tacotuesday, Our 3rd location is well on its way and looking beautiful! Are you ready #Brookline!? We're excited! 

#rusticdesign #reclaimedwood #restaurantdesign #sustainable #burritos #tacos #coolidgecorner #losamigostaqueria #letsgo!, True life: I'm addicted to Los. 
#guacitout #burritobowlsarelife #losamigostaqueria #isthatcholulatoo🙌🏼, YAASSS.. My first Amigos burrito!…i mean climate change…

#losamigosburrito #oscars  #leowinsaburrito #finally #congrats #bostonfoodie, #Weekendvibes on point. 🔥

#losamigostaqueria #newtoneats #bostoneats #burritosfordays, It's Friday!! And we have some big news!! 

We're expanding into #Brookline! All the love and support for Los Amigos has been incredible these past few years! The demand for our high quality, fresh and local produce, proteins, etc has been out of this world incredible and we thank all of you for that! 

Here we come Coolidge Corner! Get excited and spread the word! This space will be amazing! 

Gracias! 

From El Jefe
--Dan, It's Tuesday. And these are tacos. You get the picture. 
#losamigostaqueria #thisishowyoudotacotuesday #tacotuesday #bostontacos 🙌🏼🙌🏼, The cherry on top to this beautiful day! #baeritto 🌯😍#doesntgetbetterthanthis #bostonfoodies #bostoneats, Check out @AmigosBurritos on #Instagram to see our #bignews and free prize! #thanxforthelove #loslove #letsgo!, The calm before the storm! Let's go PATS!!!! 

We have all your game day munchies! Chips guac salsa and so much more. 

LETS GOOOOO!!, In honor of minitron's Julian Edelman return, we think it's appropriate to share some of his many talents. Who knew he was such a good cook? Is there any better day than Patriots Game Day?? 

Grab some delicious Los Amigos in honor of the Patriots and let's get this win!, Hoping everyone had an amazing New Years celebration!! Happy 2016 everyone!! We can't wait for what's in store for the new year and appreciate all of your support throughout these years😍 

We'll be open from 1pm today. Stop by and start the new year off with your favorite Mexican food!, Hope everyone had a great Christmas! West Roxbury will be open regular hours today! Newtonville will reopen on Monday! See you soon, Happy holidays from the #losamigos crew! We love you all! We'll be closed tomorrow (12/25) and reopen on Monday (12/28)!            

Hope everyone has a good holiday! Get your #burrito fix in today! #lataqueria #westrox #newton, null, Stuck in the library studying for finals? Grab a #burrito to get a boost of energy!! #youralmostthere #burritototherescue #lataqueria #newtonville #westroxbury, Burritos and pats go soooo well together! 

Put your orders in early! Order online! #letsgopats, Happy thanksgiving everyone! Hope you all enjoy this time with family and loved ones! We are so thankful for all of you guys, our fans and customers! 

We will reopen on Small Business Saturday (11/28)! Don't forget to shop small, dine local and support your neighborhood businesses!, Don't forget to follow us on Instagram (@amigosburritos) for cool pics like the one below and to see behind the scenes at your favorite local taqueria! 

We love our fans!!, Leftovers are just as good! #losamigos #weekendstartswithburritos #healthyeats #newtonville #westroxbury #bostonburritos, Let's go pats!, Rise and shine fans! Happy Labor Day! We are open regular hours today!, Hey Guys! Our neighbors Christo's Pizzeria just redid their whole store front and it looks awesome! They are going on their 45th year! Check them out for delicious greek style pizza in the neighborhood!, Have you tried our #churros yet!? Cinnamon sugar doughy goodness! #nomnomnom, Follow us on Instagram! Tag us in delicious burrito photos! Spread the word about the best burrito in town!! #amigosburritos, #tbt Who remembers this day?! Thank you for all the continued support! And thank you Menino, you were truly great. 

We love our customers! Click share to share this memorable day with our neighborhood!  #ripmenino #grandopening #westroxburymainstreets, Welcome back! Hoping everyone had a wonderful July 4th weekend! Spice up your Monday with a delicious burrito:), It's Cinco de Mayo!! Celebrate with a Los Amigos burrito in hand! 

Bring your friends, bring your family, we'll be dishing out your neighborhoods favorite burritos all day!!, Happy Easter Amigos! We hope you all have a wonderful day!! We will be closed today and open tomorrow regular hours :), We're back! Rockin and Rollin burritos all day long for you guys! Come grab some at your favorite neighborhood spot!, We are open today ! sick of sitting at home? Come grab a burrito and have lunch with us !, We will be open regular hours today for all your burrito cravings! Order online for faster pick up!, Due to the snow emergency we will be closed today for lunch and may reopen for dinner if the roads get better! Stay safe everyone!, Happy Super Bowl Sunday!!! Get your orders in early for the game!! Go Pats!!! 

Order food easier and faster with our NEW app!

Text LOSAMIGOS to 33733 to download now!, We are open regular hours today! Shoveling gets you hungry for brr- itos! 😉, Grab one of these burritos before you lock yourself up for this snowstorm! Comfort food at its best, Show us some love by downloading our app and we'll show you some love with 10% OFF!

Text LOSAMIGOS to 33733 to download now.

Offer valid on first online or mobile order for a limited time only at the West Roxbury location. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase., Let's go pats! 

Order online and pick up in time for the game !, Get 10% off your first online order! 

Order now: https://facebook.chownow.com/search/locationPicker?company_id=1880

Offer valid on first online or mobile order for a limited time only., Our online ordering is officially live for West Roxbury! Order straight from our website (amigosburritos.com), Facebook page, or download our mobile app on iPhone or Android (search Los Amigos by Chow Now)! Thanks ChowNow!, Happy new years guys!! 

What a year it has been for us! We couldn't have had such a wonderful year without the support of all our fans, friends and family! We love you guys and can't wait for what's to come in the coming years with lots of yummy burritos! With your support we hope to grow and keep providing the best possible quality and ingredients! If you haven't already, stop by and say hi to Our founder, Dan, (pictured below). He's there pretty much everyday making sure you guys get awesome burritos! 

Happy new years everyone!!!, Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas ! 

We'll be open regular hours today !, Merry Christmas everyone!! Feliz navidad! From your los amigos staff! Enjoy the holidays!, Shop Small! Shop Local! Help businesses thrive in your neighborhood this holiday season!, Happy Thanksgiving All!! 

We are so thankful for all you guys and all your support! 

From the Los Amigos Crew, Happy Veterans Day!, Having a Halloween party?! Order some burritos! Healthy alternative to pizza! Kids love them, parents love them...It's a win win! Have a safe and fun Halloween weekend everyone!, Happpy Halloween Booooorito lovers!!!, A Los Amigos burrito cheers up any rainy day!, #fresh #ingredients makes #deliciousfood! Stay healthy! Eat #burritos! #guac #mangosalsa 

Happy hump day!, Happy Labor Day weekend! Hope you all are enjoying the last days of summer! Stop by for some yummy fish tacos to top of the weekend!, Woohooo!! Third place for best burrito in Boston on The Boston A-List!! As the new guys, we'll take it! This wouldn't have been possible without the support of all our loyal fans! Thank you guys so much! Keep eating burritos! Best ingredients make the best burritos! :D
, What's cookin', good lookin'? We got guacamole made from organic hass avocados and the ripest tomatoes around!!, Chipotle sauce on your burrito! Try it! Revolutionizing your burrito experience one day at a time, Thank you to our #AmigosBurritos family for nominating us on Boston's A-List. We're currently sitting in the top 5 for Best Burrito and Best Mexican!! So awesome, but lets keep voting!! :) We wouldn't be hear without you guys, thanks for the continued love!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/los-amigos-mexican-grill/biz/649038?view=Votes, Forgot that it's #TacoTuesday? Don't worry, we got you covered :), Great Article on the West Roxbury Dining scene! Bring your friends to come check out what the Herald calls the most popular family take out place in Westie! We are so glad to be part of such a strong community and strong group of restaurants! Cheers! 
, Start your weekend off with happy stomachs !! Friday burritos are in session !! :D #nomawayladiesandgents, We're back!! Hope you all had a good July 4th weekend! Your favorite #neighborhood #taqueria missed you! Open regular hours today!, Plantains in my burrito! Ultimate game changer! Nom nom nom 

Revolutionizing your burrito experience one idea at a time :D, Let's go mexicooo!, Hey Guys! Los Amigos is currently hiring counter help in Newtonville!  We need someone friendly, super outgoing and reliable to take customer orders correctly, fulfill some kitchen duties and overall keep the restaurant clean. If you know somebody who would be interested to work, either part time or full time, please send them over. Thank you!, Big game tonight ! USA vs Portugal ! Grab some burritos to enjoy during the match! What are your predictions for the game?, Don't forgot to grab a delicious horchata with your burrito! Nommmm. we love you fans!!!, Happy Father's Day from the Amigos fam! Enjoy this beautiful day dad's, you deserve it!, Weathers got you down? Good thing we have the best burritos in town to make your day a little better! Come on by!, Happy Memorial Day amigos!  Stop by and grab a delicious burrito to top off this gorgeous day! Nom nom nom, Hey guys! Check out our founder! He's working hard, making sure you guys get the best burritos out there! Thanks for all the support! :D

Http://www.babson.edu/news-events/babson-magazine/spring-2014/pages/newly-graduated.aspx, Taste of West Roxbury today! Come out and support your local flavors ! We're excited !! :), Happy Mother's Day amigos! Make sure to give your mom a big hug and kiss today!, Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos!! Start off your celebrations with your favorite local taqueria! 

(And don't forget to grab a margarita after ;)) Feliz!, If you get hungry while watching the marathon, we'll be open all day today ! Come by for a quick bite !, We'll be closed tomorrow for Easter! We'll be enjoying some quality time with our families and we hope you do to ! Happy Easter ! 😁, #Bostonstrong, What a beautiful day! Looks like spring is finally approaching ! Hoorahhh, Eat better! Eat Healthier! Eat Local!, Start your Tuesday off right! With a burrito in hand! Eat better. Eat local. :), Always the best ingredients at Amigos #betteringredientstastebetter #eatwell#livewell, Happy Friday Folks! Cheers to the weekend! (with burritos of course ;) ) , Happy valentines day amigos! Dia de enamorados!!, null, Hungry from shoveling or from just sitting on your couch, come grab some food! We'll be open regular hours !! :)), Have you tried our churros yet!!! Best Dessert ever!!, Let's go pats!!, Looking to score a free burrito? Check out our last tweet! Winner announced Thursday., We will be open 12 to 930 today! Burritos are a great energy source ;), We will be opening at 1 today! Come by! You know you don't wanna cook today... :D, A los amigos gift card is the best last minute gift idea! Just saying :);), Leave the cooking for tomorrow ! Come grab lunch and dinner with your favorite neighborhood taqueria!

Merry Christmas Eve!!!!!!, Come fuel up with us after you're done shoveling! Hope to see you soon! #EATLOCAL, Snow!!!! Beautiful day for a warm delicious burrito! You know you've missed the taste of an amigos burrito :)))) come on by!, Feel like you've turned into a turkey by now.

Drop the turkey leg! and pick up a juicy Spicy chicken Burrito! 

We'll be here :), Wait...its small business sat today! Oh yea shop small folks!! small businesses help communities thrive!, We open at 1 pm today! Enjoy some early morning shopping and then energize up!, Happy Thanksgiving! Closed today for some family time and some gobble time!

Tomorrow we open at 1pm! See u for lunch!, Leave the cooking for thanksgiving! Let us cook! And satisfy those burrito needs :), Shop small. Shop Local! 
Happy Friday from your favorite neighborhood taqueria! , Only the best ingredients make the tastiest burritos!, Happy Halloween Boooooo-rrrrrrito lovers!!, Congratulations to the 2013 World Series Champion Boston Red Sox! #bostonstrong, We use prodcuts only treated with as much love as possible! Putting love in our food just tastes better! Antibiotic free chicken, grass fed beef, the finest hass avocados and so on! Enjoy!, "I usually get the chipotle crema on my jumbo quesadillas-- its the perfect hint of spiciness and smokiness!" -Robert on Yelp. 

Have you tried our delicious Chipotle Crema!! Spicy, Smoky, and darn good on anything! nomnom!, null, Suns shining! Its a beautiful day! Eat MORE Burritos and grab a ice cold Jarrito while its still nice out! :D, We are hiring again! We are seeking for some counter help: ringing up customers, picking up phones, etc. Full and part time positions available. Please send along anyone who you think may be interested! Thank you, Start this beautiful Saturday off right!!! Eat more Burritossss :), null, Check out this great deal by a local entrepreneur! Support small businesses!  , It's a bit warm out there..., We're back! Open regular hours, serving up some goodies!, Happy 4th everyone!! Remember we are closed for the weekend and will be back Monday the 8th!! Enjoy!!, Dearest Amigos Fans! 

We will be closed for the Fourth of July Weekend (July 4th- July 7th) and re-open again on the 8th! Its time we take a little vaca but we'll be back :DDD!, It’s the first day of Summer! LIKE this post if you’ll be celebrating with a trip to the beach this weekend! (with a burrito in hand of course ;)), What a beautiful site it is in West Rox! 2 in 1! Lets go bs!!, Happy fathers day to all the fathers out there!, null, Don't get put down by this rain! Start your weekend right with a burrito in hand!! O H YEA TGIF = burrito time!, Grab a burrito and an ice cold Mexican soda and take a stroll around beautiful West Rox! Eat Local! Shop Local!, Happy Hot Hot Friday everyone!! 

Check out our new old school bottles of Pepsi and Mountain Dew! Its true...everything does taste better from a glass bottle. :D, Happy Memorial Day!! We will be open today!, A little morning inspiration from Sweet Leaf Tea! We carry their tea! 

This is Truth! Like eating healthy?? :P Eat more burritos! :), Keep the likes comin! 600 likes and we'll give out an AMIGOS TSHIRT!! WOOT, Happy Mothers Day!! Make sure to give your mom a hug today! (a burrito won't hurt either :)), Tonight...Taste of West Rox with all your favorite restaurants...Bigger than ever...more delicious than ever...such an epic event you can't miss... Tix only $30...be sure to come! 

Oh and we'll be serving your fav sweet, mouth watering, delicious and of course healthy PLANTAINS!!  We like to call them a Healthy dessert ;) See you tonight!, Taste of West Roxbury this Thursday! Be there!, Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos fans!!!!!!! 

We won't be taking call ahead orders today but come on in and join the party!, Awesome! , null, Join Us!, Have you tried the plantain burrito yet!?!? YUMMM, Happy Earth day guys!!, Thanks to our awesome employees, we are able to open up today at 5pm! Stay safe everyone and cheer up with a burrito  :), Los Amigos - West Roxbury will be closed for now...we'll keep you updated! Stay safe everyone! STAY INDOORS We love you all!, Our thoughts and hearts go out to all those affected by yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon., Biggest Bottle of Cholula Hot Sauce I've ever seen!!! Happy Friday people!!, Oh man what a beautiful day it is! Happy opening day!! WOOHOO Red SOx!, Check this out guys! Free Burritos!! And a fun way to enjoy the day with friends! Eat, Drink and Run!! , We are now using SQUARE! You can pay easily with your phone using the square app! 

This means we wont be using LevelUp any more...Sorry LevelUp users but we're getting rid of it for SQUARE! Download it!, Happy Easter Fans!!, We will be closed tomorrow the 31st of March for Easter! Enjoy the holiday!, null, Sunday Morning Brunch with a PLANTAIN Burrito!! It's like Eating dessert for breakfast without the guilt!! Deliciousss, We couldn't agree more!, Avocados: both extremely tasty and really good for you! Best of both worlds :) Our Guacamole is made fresh daily from the finest Hass Avocados from Mexico!, Happy St. Paddys day everyone!! From the crew at Los Amigos, we're always wearing greeeeen :D! Best day to get GUAC on your burritos!, Congrats Babson! , Happy SUNday!, Great spot to enjoy watching the snow fall :) Comfy new chairs...burrito...ahhh...Well be here! Stay safe everyone! 

And Happy International Womans Day!, Eat more beans! They're good for you :), We hit 500 likes!!!
Thank you all!!, So nice out!! 

Also ....our plantains were such a hit last week that we decided to continue making them for you all!, All this cold getting to you! Our tropical coconut shrimp burrito and maybe a side of delicious plantains should warm you up! (Or at least make you feel like you're somewhere tropical :)) Your midwinter Island Getaway! 

-PS Thank you Adam Vass, We're making Fried Plantains! Special for this week! Make sure to get them before we run out! Put in your burrito, Quesadilla, taco or just enjoy as a side! Yum!!, Cold...snowy day... Warm up with a burrito in hand! The spicier the better... :), Happy Valentines Day All!! Weve cooked up some house made heart shaped tortilla chips!! What better way to say I love you than with a burrito and some chips! 

Grab a FREE bag today with any purchace for your loved ones!!, If you're not eating meat, we've got lots of options for you burrito lovers! Fish...Veggies...Or just the classic rice and beans!!, No more being stuck inside!! We'll be open regular hours today! aww yeaa, We'll be closed all day due to the storm! Stay safe everyone!, Little Change of plans... we will be closing at 2:30 today due to Mr Nemo coming by. Stock up for tonight!, We'll be open today!, Get your burrito grubbing in early! Looks like we're getting a little snow :)

But don't worry we'll be open tomorrow as well for the hard core burrito lovers! :)), Delicious!, Perfectly rolled burrito!!, Happy Super Bowl Sunday!! Gametime, halftime, whatevertime burritos...we got em!, Thank you so much to everyone that has come out to celebrate our 1 year anniversary! This will always be a special day for us! We love you!, It's been an awesome day so far!! Lets keep em comin!! Check-in to Los Amigos - West Roxbury and let everyone know where you're getting these delicious $3 burritos!!, Happy Birthday LOS AMIGOS!! 

TODAYS the day! $3 Burritos for lunch, dinner (all day) in celebration of our 1 Year Anniversary! (No Phone-in orders)

Please share this wonderful day with all your friends and family. Lets get more of our community to know of the delicious burritos at Los Amigos!

Thank you to all our fans! We love you!, Our $3 Burrito Day is coming up! Who's excited!?!?!, Here it is guys! On January 31st, Los Amigos will be turning 1 Years Old! For getting us this far, we are celebrating our 1 year Anniversary with a $3 BURRITO DAY! 

All Jumbo sized (12") burritos will only be $3! (No Phone-in or pick up orders) Share this and lets get the word out there about this awesome, exciting day!!, Hey Amigos fans!! We are approaching our 1st year Anniversary!! We wanted to say thank you for all the support, love and loyalty! We're coming up with a way to thank all of you for getting us this far... STAY TUNED!  It will be good we promise :), With piping hot burritos duhh :), Game Time is approaching! Salsa, Guac, Chips...Best Football watching snack! GO PATSS!, Happy Friday Everyone!!!! Start off your weekend with some @amigosburritos!!!, Almost at the 500 mark with fb fans! please share our page to your friends to help us get to the lucky 500 fb fans!!, Loving the Pats right now! Burrito in hand and a good game of football makes for a good night :), Lets go PATS!!!! Stock up on your game day feast! We got you covered!!, Fantastic looking burrito I'd say! Thanks for sharing guys!, Get your year going with more burritos!! Healthy, Flavorful, and delicious. What more could you ask for :), Happy New Year!!, We will be open a little later on New Years day to let your bodies rest :) 

Hours
New Years Eve: 11am - 9 pm

New Years Day: 1pm - 9:30pm

Happy New Years Everyone!!, Feliz Navidad Amigos! We'll be open till 7pm today!, There is still some time to get Gift Cards! #bestchristmaspresentevah, We will be OPEN Christmas Eve from 11 to 7! And closed Christmas Day!, Apparently todays the end of the world or something... burritos are definitely in order then :), Happy 12/12/12 everyone!! From us at Los Amigos!, Cheer the Pats on with a burrito in hand!, Its Finally Friday Burrito Lovers!! Grab some burritos for the fam tonight, during this busy season, and relax. You deserve it :) Just nomnom away ...., We are looking for part time cashier help! If you know anyone who may be interested please send them along! Bilingual in both Spanish and English is a plus thank you, null, Pats are on today! Get your burrito orders in before the game!, The Holidays are around the corner! Don't forget to pick up your Gift Cards!! Burritos never disappoint :), Vacations over...It's  Monday...womp womp! Nothing a delicious burrito can't fix!! :) nomnomnom, The day is finally here! Its Small business Saturday! Go out there and shop local! So many great stores and gift ideas right here in West Rox!, Wouldn't mind one of these..., It's black Friday! Don't forget to fuel up before or after shopping! We'll be open at 12 :D, Happy Thanksgiving Amigos fans!! Let the turkey eating feast begin! We are so thankful to all our friends and fans for  all the support., We will be closed this Thursday for Thanksgiving and reopen on Friday at 12pm! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, #SmallBizSat is coming up! Just reminding everyone to shop local and eat local! "When you #shoplocal, 68% of the money you spend returns to the community through payroll, taxes & business spending.", Shop local! Eat Local this week!! Its thanksgiving week and small business saturday is coming up!, What a beautiful Saturday out there!! Don't forget we just got our GIFT CARDS in for the holidays! They make the perfect present! Who doesn't love burritos :)), Go nuts for coconuts! We've now got Coconut Water to go with your favorite burrito!, :), Happy Veterans Day, please take a moment to remember all those who served in uniform past and present. We sure are., Dont forget we do have whole wheat wrap option! Just Ask :)), We hit over 400 likes!! WOHOO ! Keep the likes coming!! Tell all your friends!, Its Friday! The suns shinning! The celts are on tonight! Def TGIF. Oh and how could I forget burritooos to accompany this great day!, Warm up tonight with a burrito and a movie! Your Amigos have got you covered :), Its Snowing!! This calls for a first snow day burrito!!, Don't forget to vote tomorrow everyone!!, Happy Halloween burrito lovers!!! 

Don't forget to come in costume today to get a FREEE tasty Jarrito (Mexican fruit soda) with any purchase! wooohoo, Come in costume tomorrow for Halloween and we'll give you a free Jarrito (Mexican Fruit Soda) with any purchase!! 

Happppppy Halloweeeeeen burrito lovers!, Good Luck tonight Celts!!, That's all folks. Just closed for the night to let our employees get home safe. Thank you all!, We still have power and still got burritos! #sandycantstopus, We'll be open today! 

Home from work? Bring a burrito back home and cozy up!, So I guess we are getting an unwanted guest named Sandy coming tomorrow... We'll keep you posted if we won't be open..., We can cater your Halloween Parties with however many burritos you need! Also stop by and check out our Amigos Pumpkin! Happy Friday everyone! 

Thanks @rita borochin for the pumpkin! Its awesome!, Don't forget to "check-in" next time your in to let your friends know where you are getting these delicious burritos in town! We love our fans!, This guy knows how to eat his burritos! Always with a Jarrito! Makes the best combo, Want Amigos to do your catering?! Fax us back our catering form with date and time you need it by! You can find it at www.amigosburritos.com, null, We are starting to cater!! Any size party or event! Football parties, office parties, or just having a bunch of people over, we can cater all of your burrito needs! Tired of pizza and wings catering...try something new! 

Call you favorite neighborhood taqueria Los Amigos - West Roxbury 24 hrs in advance please :), We now have Roasted Corn Salsa! 

We are always adding to our line of salsas! Make sure to tell everyone to follow us on fb to find out what we will be coming up with next...We'll give you a hint...Eggplant ;), What a beautiful fall day!!, null, Sunday Football!! Don't forgot we can cater all your football burrito needs! Enjoy the game while we do the cooking!, Dont they look ohhh sooo prettyy :), We now have gift cards!!! Get an Amigos card for someone! Oh and its finally Friday...Happy FRIDAY!, Don't let a little cloud scare u from eating one of these! :) #unbelievablytasty, WOOHOO! AND its NICE OUT!! Time for a BURRITO JARRITO COMBO! :)), Sunday...Football....PATS!!!! BURRITOS!!!! U know thats the best combo :), TGIF GUYS!! Time to get your burrito fix on!!, Straight from the farm fresh habaneros ready to make our super spicy habanero salsa! Now thats hot!, We ranked TOP 5 in Boston's A-List Best Burrito!!! Thank you to all our fans for voting and supporting us!! Just 7 months in business and we are already one of Boston's most beloved burrito places!, Today, we remember the innocent lives lost 11 years ago, and think of the victims’ families.

A deep thank you to all of the first responders out there on that fateful day :), null, Thank you to Mayor Tom Menino and West Roxbury Main Streets for organizing this memorable grand opening! And a bigs thanks to all the continued support! We love our customers and love making them happy!, YUMMMM Fajita veggies!, We now have fajita veggies! Add delicious grilled peppers and onions to any one of your favorite creations!, Football and Burritos...Best combination everrrr, We're inviting all Amigos fans! Mayor Menino will be coming to officially cut our ribbon this Saturday at 2:00! Come join us and your community for this exciting event as he will be going down restaurant row! We're excited!, null, Do you know whats in your burrito!? All these vitamins and minerals! woah!, We are open all day tomorrow for Labor Day!, Hump Day burrito anyone?, We prefer Jarritos over soda!, Pats are on tonight! Don't forget to grab you and your friends a burrito for the kick off!, We've created something new again! ...

House-made Cilantro - lime vinaigrette! Put it on any salad or even a burrito for some delicious healthy flavor! nom!, Newest addition to our line of Mexican Drinks! Sangria and a burrito! Nothing better than that on a hot day!, The best advice! , What a beautiful night for a burrito! Thank you fans!, .It's Sunday Fun-Day! Stop by your favorite neighborhood taqueria before heading off to a day full of fun activities!, Whipping up some fresh guacamole!, TGIF! Boy is it hot out...cool off with one of cold horchatas!, Mangos! Healthy and delicious! Just like our burritos ;), We want to reward our Facebook Fans with a Free Horchata! Buy any Jumbo Burrito and we'll give you a FREE cup of Horchata! 

Thank you for being a fan! Please tell all your friends to like us as well! (Offer for today only, mention Facebook), Watching the Opening Ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games with an empty stomach? We've good news: Take out yummies!, What a beauty!, We made it on to Stuff Magazine too!!, Dan and Sam making it to the Boston Herald! 

Our guac was a huge hit! Competing with some veterans and the best in town! :) Go Los Amigos!, There is only 8 days left! Please keep voting to make us number #1! Support local businesses!, Don't forget we have two different hot sauces! Salsa Verde- medium (Jalapeno y Tomatillo based) and Salsa Roja - Hot (Habanero)... enjoy :), We'll be serving up some delicious Guac tonight via eatBoston along with all the other great guacamologists out there in Boston! , When we say fresh we mean FRESH! #mangos! #nom!, Make us #1! Please continue voting for Best Burrito on Boston's A-list! Were up to the top 5! Thank you all for the continued support!!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/los-amigos-mexican-grill/biz/649038, Coconut Shrimp anyone?! 

New special for this week is Coconut Shrimp burrito, quesadillas, taco or salad! These are our original jumbo shrimps lightly battered in our homemade coconut batter! 

Try it before we run out! This weeks special!, We're up to #6 on Bostons A-List! Keep the votes coming for Best Burrito! One click away! Support Local Businesses! Thank you! , We've been nominated for Boston's A-list BEST BURRITOS and BEST MEXICAN! Help us reach the top and VOTE for Los Amigos! We're happy to be a part of the West Roxbury community, and appreciate all of the love and support we've been receiving! Continue to support local businesses!  
http://boston.cityvoter.com/los-amigos-mexican-grill/biz/649038, We sure do! A delicious blend of rice, milk and cinnamon. A cinnamon-infused rice milk! YUM!, Hope you all had a wonderful July 4th!, We will be closed tomorrow for the 4th!! 
Don't get too sad...we'll be back Thursday serving up West Roxbury's favorite burritos!, Fish Tacos Duhhh!, Los Amigos has entered into the Mission: Small Business Grant competition. Please help us. 

All you have to do to help the Los Amigos Team out is go to missionsmallbusiness.com and click “login and support,” then search for Los Amigos and vote!

We really appreciate everything! Thanks!, Summer Time Mango Salsa! Can't get any better than this! #burritoheaven

Follow us on Instagram @amigosburritos for more cool pictures! You don't want to miss out!, Happy Monday Everyone! 

Don't forget to check into Los Amigos - West Roxbury for a great deal!, Follow @amigosburritos on Instagram! We'll be posting all sorts of cool photos! Don't miss out! 

Oh and we'll be serving Horchata today!, Drink up! It's Hot!, Horchata is in the making for summer! Whose excited for this authentic refreshing drink?!?, Grab your dad a burrito!! That'll put a smile on his face!, Its Mango season! What does that mean? 

MANGO SALSA! 

Come in and try it! Who doesn't love mangos?!!, Who's excited for the Celtics tonight?!, The sun is finally peeking out!, Still chilly and dreary outside...come warm up with a delicious burrito!, Whose ready for the game tonight?! Go Celts!!, What do you do on an rainy day?!?! Get Burritos!! DUH!, What a gorgeous day! Ah Summer :), TGIF! oh and a long weekend! We'll be open! mm mm goooood, Hope you all had a great weekend! Finish it off with a delicious burrito!, For the Healthy Flavor seekers! What other food provides you with so much flavor without being concerned of gaining weight!?!

, #HappyMothersDay Everyone! Make sure to give your mom a big hug and kiss today! No better way to show her you love her!, Tonight's the night!! The Taste of West Roxbury! We'll be there serving up our famous Fish Tacos!! Make sure to get your tickets!, "Have you tried the Fish Tacos!?!", We had a great Cinco De Mayo and hope you did to! If you missed out on all the burrito goodness we'll be here serving up your favorite 'ritos!, Happy Cinco de Mayo!, HAPPY FRIDAY!!! TGIF! 

Who's ready for Cinco de Mayo!? Don't forget to come celebrate with us! FREE chips with any purchase to our loyal Facebook Fans! Spread the word!, More Great Buzz about Los Amigos! For all those healthy flavor seekers! 

http://www.tablecritic.com/index.php?/posts/los_amigos/#body, Cinco de Mayo is this Saturday! Come celebrate with us! 

We'll be giving out free Chips and Salsa with a purchase of anything on the menu to our Facebook fans! 

Start telling your friends to like us and come enjoy this holiday at West Roxbury's first burrito joint!, Get your Amigos T-shirts! Our shipments in! $16 per shirt! Join the team! These will go fast!, Happy Friday burrito fans!, Finishing off this weekend with a burrito on a rainy day...nothing beats a nice, flavorful and hearty burrito, null, We just got LevelUp! Download this cool new app on your phone and never worry about forgetting your wallet! It's the newest, coolest and easiest way to pay! 

Check it out:  thelevelup.com, Marathon MOnday!! Whose watching the runners??, B's playoffs start tonight! Come grab a burrito to go and cheer 'em on!, Missed us yesterday?? Nothing better than enjoying a burrito on a Monday! It'll get you through the day!, Happy Easter everyone! Hope you are having a great time with your families!, Don't forget you can get a Grilled Shrimp or Grilled Tilapia Fish burrito, quesadilla or taco! Great alternative to meat, Our New T-shirts!! We will start selling them soon!! Look out for them in the neighborhood!, null, We hit 200 like !! Thank you all for the support! Keep telling your friends about us! Lets go for the next goal of 300! Keep em coming! :D, null, For all those fiery taste buds out there try our new homemade Habanero Salsa! 

If thats not strong enough we also have homemade fresh picked habaneros! 

Now thats hot! :D, Another Lesson on Mexcian Food! 

Chile Poblano Rajas are Roasted (slightly spicy) Poblano Peppers. They are then cooked in a homemade cream sauce to make a mouth watering addition to any meat in your burrito! 

Usually eaten by itself but we prefer with grilled chicken! (Great option for vegetarians....minus the chicken!), Happy First Day of Spring Everyone!, Happy St. Patty's Day! We're always wearing GREEEEEN!, Los Amigos FAN PHOTO! Oof Looks Delic!, Make sure to get outside today! What a beautiful day!, Meet our Founder Dan! , Many people have been asking what Al Pastor is...

Al Pastor is a marinated pork prepared with grilled onions and pineapple and usually served on tacos. But you can try it however you like!, Happy Friday to everyone! A great and fun weekend to everyone! Stay warm., Bonanza indeed! :D, Owner Dan working the register!, menu!, Enjoy your day off with some holiday burritos and jarritos!, Chicken Ranchero? Whachya think?, We now have spicy chicken and spicy steak! Ask the amigos to put some in you burrito!, A great start to a wonderful day!, We have two different types of spicy salsa's that aren't listed! One is a Salsa Verde (milder option) and the other is a Salsa Rojo (spicier option). They are free of charge and can be added to any meal, just ask the Amigos! :), Todays the day! GO PATS!! Stop by for a halftime burrito! :D, Credit Cards are now being accepted!, Buenos Dias! Sadly we are still Cash-Only. We were promised a working credit card machine tomorrow! We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience., What a great first day, thank you to all who came in today! We are so happy to be a part of the West Roxbury community!! Follow us on twitter @amigosburritos for constant updates!!

Our hours tomorrow are 11am-10pm, We're open until 10pm today, come on in! Only accepting cash today!, null, We're keeping it simple for now! Check out our menu! Come in on Monday or call 617-477-4472! :D, Health inspector will be in later today....We are hoping to have a soft opening tonight from 4-10 or tomorrow morning!, Looks oh so pretty! We think it'll do for now! What do you think?, We are all set and ready to cook! Just waiting to get the final "go" from the inspectors! Can't wait! West Roxbury's own burrito shop will be open sooo soon!)