List(Cocktails at Sweet Life inspired by the Final Four!, It's no secret we love pink, white and gold here at the bakery, but combine it into a Paris theme and we are in love! Decorated sugar cookies, French macarons and passionfruit raspberry tarts helped make a bridal shower a little more continental European yesterday!, Easter eclairs!, It's beginning to look a lot like Easter, It was a princess themed weekend here at the bakery...Princess Tiana and her frog prince cookies made their way to a birthday party today!, Baby Zareliah isn't even born yet, but she already has a three tier cake in her honor!, null, Happy Birthday Lady B!, We've always been fans of the green apple in the bakery and we use it on the savory too, but our new favorite is the green apple martini! Come on in this weekend and try our newest creation., Another woodland birthday party and we couldn't be happier! Spring is in the air here at Sweet Life!, Pastry cases looking beautiful today, We are ready for Valentine's Day! From French Macarons and stylized sugar cookies for your sweetheart to heart pancakes, berries and cream french toast and a Pear Cranberry bellini for you, we have all the bases covered. Stop by this weekend and share the love., Wishing a fellow Sweet Life employee all the best as he embarks on another chapter - protecting our country. Good luck Will! Can't wait to see you again., Another amazing year almost in the books! Come celebrate with us tomorrow from 8 am to 3 pm. We'll have our brunch menu running all day along with mimosas, bellinis, Bloody Mary's and lots of other drink choices. We'll also have a few of these Sablee Breton fruit tarts. What a wonderful way to start a New Year!, It's a little dreary outside and a little snow is headed our way... so we thought we would brighten your day with a little bit of sunshine! This beauty was just safely delivered to an engagement party in New Hampshire - the sunflowers and accompanying leaves are made entirely of sugar and created by hand., Planning out Christmas cookies for this year. One of these will definitely make the cut, Today we had the pleasure of creating this Black Forest gateaux for a birthday party. If you've never tasted this delectable dessert, it's time. A sophisticated, grown up cake Black Forest cake includes dark chocolate cake layers, sour cherries, whipped cream and of course, Kirsch - the German liquer made from cherries from the Black Forest. Yum!, Oh Deer! It's safe to assume this has now become our favorite 1st Birthday cake and matching smash cake!, Our new favorite baby shower cake - there's nothing like a pink elephant holding a heart balloon!, It's a beautiful day for Halloween and a beautiful day for a harvest birthday cake. We're especially proud of Shaina Moccio for her gorgeous sugar flowers, leaves and pumpkins. Each was made by hand and painstakingly brushed with edible dust to enhance the bright colors of fall! Great job Shaina!, We happen to know two little "things" who recently celebrated a big milestone. Last year we helped celebrate their imminent arrival with cupcakes. This weekend we created a couple of cakes and Dr Suess cookies for Birthday Number 1, Colorful mehndi cookies for a birthday party!, Fall is officially here and so are some of our seasonal tarts and pastries. We'll be rolling out the full menu in the next few weeks but in the meantime we have plenty of these apple almond French tarts. Made with a tender and buttery pate sucree (French for sweet dough), caramelized apples and almond cream., Sweet Sabrina turned 16 and her parents gave her quite the party - we were asked to create an under the sea sweet table - how did we do?, A gorgeous day for a baby shower for two little things!, Have you tried our french toast? Made from house made brioche with a choice of seasonal compote. Just perfect for Sunday brunch!, Girl or Boy - the filling hides the surprise!, Starting tomorrow Sweet Life will be closed on Mondays for the next few months. We have lots of changes coming including dinner service and exciting new adult beverages and we need a day to organize. We will be open on Tuesday at 7 am. Thanks for your patience!, Happy Birthday Ava... so happy to have helped you celebrate your first two birthdays!, So excited to share this weekend's big pastry project! Over 180 French Macarons delivered to the most wedding we have seen in a long time. The details that the bride and groom displayed at the Milton Hoosic Club were something that we very much appreciate. Flowers by Cedar Grove Gardens., This weekend's quiche options are bacon + cheddar and our new favorite: roasted red pepper, spinach and feta. Pretty soon you'll be able to order a glass of wine too... Can't wait!!!, Definitely our most romantic cake yet! Delicate sugar flowers were all made by hand., Here's a sneak peek at today's big cake! Lots of sugar roses and tiny flowers!, The warm weather is finally here! Since we can't drop everything and head to the beach, we thought beach cookies were the next best thing!, Hope your Fourth of July is filled with good times, barbecues, family and friends. We are lucky to call this wonderful country our home., What is more American than Apple Pie? A Caramel Apple Pie that is the perfect size to share... in the bakery case tomorrow!, null, null, null, On the eve of Dot Day (best day of the year!) we would like to thank all of the people of Dorchester for welcoming us with open arms. Just in case there was any doubt of our love and support for Dorchester and of course, Boston, we decided to do what we do best - bake cookies! Happy Dot Day!!!, Here's something to cheer you up on such a cold, dreary day - the sweetest little cake in all of the land! Standing just 4" across and 4" tall, this tiny cake is perfect for two!, Jenn and Kevin are getting married in August but today was their bridal shower. Both avid Red Sox fans, their family asked us to include something Sox related in the festivities!, null, Enjoy the unofficial start to the summer this Memorial Day weekend - may your days be filled with flowers - real flowers or sugar flowers!, It was a circus here this past weekend - a circus theme baby shower that is!!, Happy Mother's Day weekend!, French Macarons in the case this weekend: Strawberry, Blackberry, Pistachio, Salted Caramel Ganache and Mango!, And now for something completely different. A sneak peek at what's on the savory menu for Easter!, Happy Easter!! Finishing up the bunny cookies today. These are a great addition to Easter baskets., Baby boy cake - complete with mini Chuck Taylor sneaker and baby blocks!, Banana sugar cookies making their way to a Curious George theme birthday party!, null, null, That's right... Winter will end... Spring will come... and St. Patrick's Day is two weeks from today!, null, Just in time for Valentine's Day - sweetheart pancakes with fresh berries!, Love (and snow!) is in the air, null, Did someone say Frozen? It was a winter wonderland weekend here at the bakery!, With all the stormy weather lately we've had plenty of time to experiment with some new cookie designs. We think the colorful brush embroidery cookies would look amazing on a sweet table at a wedding shower. And the poodle cookies.... Well, who doesn't want a poodle cookie?, The pastry elves are busy working on Christmas cookie bags, boxes and platters as well as our signature Buche de Noel, Christmas French macarons and all sorts of delicious pastries! Our new favorite - the chocolate hazelnut bombe is being made right now...., Thanksgiving is next week so don't forget to order your pies! We will have apple, cran-apple, pumpkin, pecan and blueberry., We are the home of the free because of the brave! Happy Veterans Day!, We've been very busy the last few weeks. From monogram cookies for a sweet 1 year old girl to sugar cookies for a sweet 4 year gorilla, we just haven't stopped! Bow tie cupcakes and a superhero cake in between!, Busy weekend here at the bakery - We helped celebrate a 5 year anniversary, a 4th birthday, a wedding shower and a baby shower!, We love our customers! They ask us to design the most fun cupcakes. These were for a twin baby shower - Thing 1 and Thing 2, Happiest of birthdays Ava! Such a mighty big cake for a sweet little girl... we had so much fun creating this one!, Why yes, we do have eggs benedict - hearty Wolferman's english muffin, thick slices of Canadian ham, poached eggs, Hollandaise sauce and our seasoned red potatoes. Available on weekends only. It's our favorite!, We've been busy working on our new menu. Here's a sneak peek at one of our new breakfast sandwiches - Ray's NY bagel, egg whites, avocado, spinach, tomato and goat cheese. New menu to roll out in the next few days!, We were honored to be part of the wedding festivities today at the Red Lion Inn in Cohasset. Stay tuned for some images of our sweet table!, Happy 4th of July! We are taking a much needed vacation and will not re-open until Tuesday. Stay safe and enjoy the long weekend!, We have been asked to create some pretty amazing cakes lately, but this is definitely our favorite thus far! Stay tuned for a pink version in the next few weeks., Happy 90th Birthday to Ruthie - one of the Red Sox biggest fans!, A special friend is turning 90 years old. We had a lot of fun creating this cake for one of the Red Sox biggest fans. Happy Birthday Ruthie!, As America celebrates Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have given their lives in our nation's wars.

John M. McHugh, French macarons all lined up ready to go to a wedding - Congratulations to today's bride!!, Happy 6th Birthday Zaiah! Thank you for letting us recreate an iconic children's classic! We hope Dr. Suess would be proud of this one., Spring is here and so are the strawberry rhubarb pies! They are currently in the oven so don't rush over too quickly..., Ninja Turtles!, This is the closest we can get to the marathon today! Congratulations Dorchester Running Club and all the other runners out there!, Happy Easter! Sweet Life will be closed on Monday for Patriot's Day. Enjoy the marathon!, Easter Sunday is a week from tomorrow! We're busy here in the bakery planning our pastry menu - Raspberry Lime cheesecake, assorted tea breads including banana, lemon and almond citrus. We can't forget about our French macarons, decorated springtime sugar cookies, strawberry rhubarb pie and the hands down favorite from last year - chocolate "nest" cake. Call today to place your order!, Easter Treats, We are excited to carry Mem teas and chai! Stop in for a chai tea latte or herbal Red Zen tea today., We now have a instagram! Come follow us :), We'll be there with a few sweet items to complement all the chili! Come on down - it's a great time!, Don't forget to stop by the bakery this week and pick up a loaf of our fresh, homemade Irish soda bread & Irish brown bread.
Also if you are around on Sunday 16th march stop by around 12:30 to see our Irish dancers preform and enjoy some brunch! 
🍀Happy St Patricks Day🍀, Our Shamrock sugar cookies are now available!, Cedar Grove Gardens is having a wedding show this weekend and we will be there! Today from 1 pm to 4 pm and tomorrow from 12 pm to 2 pm. 
If you've never been to this amazing shop, today is the perfect day! Their flower arrangements are the most amazing works of art and the gift/home selection is one if a kind. If you are getting married or know someone who is this show is perfect for you. Relaxing space, gorgeous flowers (and cake!) and amazing designers., We are OPEN and we have a table by the fire just for you; so once you're shoveled out, head on down to Sweet Life to warm up!, It may be cold outside once again, but the coffee's always hot and fresh here at Sweet Life. So come in for a bite or stop by on your way through and treat yourself today., Due to the storm we are open late this morning to allow our workers a chance to safely get in.  We will be open starting at 10 am, thank you!  Please be safe today in your travels, but if you are cold or hungry...you know where we are!, We know you're out late partying tonight so were going to be open for all day brunch tomorrow;  8am-4pm.  That way you can sleep in and still get pancakes in the middle of the afternoon. We will return to our regular schedule on Thursday; Happy New Year!!!, Based on the lack of empty seats in the café, we are happy to see that everyone has survived the holiday and that people are getting back into the swing of things! Don't forget there's still plenty of time to order hostess gifts or treats for any New Year's Parties you're headed to next week!!!, Ho Ho Ho Santa Claus Is Coming To Town & He Is Stopping By Sweet Life Bakery and Cafe from 10am - 1pm. On  your way out shopping, stop by and spread some holiday cheer! He'll have cookies for all the little ones., We are hard at work today filling orders for pre-holiday parties, which is an excellent time to remind everyone to order your holiday cakes, pies and goodies!!  A box of fudge, a loaf of almond citrus, rolls, pies or a Buche de Noel would make you the hit of any holiday dinner or party this season!!!  And if you can't decide, an assorted platter of brownies, cookies or gourmet items would make sure everyone got their favorite!!  Just give us a little notice and we'll take care of the rest!, With all of the snow on the ground, it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas; to celebrate we've brought back a snowy favorite from last year.  Xmas with the Inlaws, a vanilla cupcake with eggnog pastry cream and bourbon cream cheese frosting, will be hanging around until new years so make sure to get your fill before the seasons change again!!, It might be cold and snowy outside but in here its toasty and warm by the fire!!  Not hungry for a big breakfast but still want to warm up a little??  We have white chocolate cranberry pistachio biscotti and mini muffins, as well as hot cocoa, coffee and tea!!  We'll be here all day!!, Have you ever heard of a Buche de Noel? A traditional French Christmas dessert, this delicious cake is made from almond joconde cake, rum simple syrup, chocolate mousseline, dark chocolate ganache and espresso buttercream. A sweet representation of a Yule log, the Buche de Noel is available at Sweet Life for your holiday parties and gatherings., Have you been to the Café lately?  Not only do we have wonderful salads, sandwiches and soups; we offer anything from our bakery cases for dessert!  So why not stop by amidst all of the pre-holiday rushing around for some comfort food?  A bowl of Tomato Basil, grilled cheese and a slice of carrot cake (or cheesecake!) sounds wonderful, doesn't it?, It's cookie season and for the month of December we will have new and limited flavors available....large, small, and tied with a bow for presents!  Right now we have bags of Mint Chocolate Fake Out and Toffee Brookie Cookies, but who knows what we'll have next week, so stop by often!, It's December and time for gingerbread. What a great hostess gift for all those parties you'll be going to this holiday season! Gingerbread cake with our tangy cream cheese frosting and decorative snowflake gingerbread cookies, Tomorrow is the first day of December, which means we can bring back our moist and spicy gingerbread cookies!!  Grab a few from the register on your way around town or order a cupcake at the café with breakfast...your choice!, Hope everyone's holidays were full of yummy food and lots of loved ones!  We are doing brunch today from 8-4 and will return to our normal hours tomorrow at 7 am with brunch all weekend!!, For all of you procrastinators out there, we still have plenty of holiday pies in our ovens!!  They should be out soon, so hopefully you'll be here to meet them!!!, Last year we sold out of Holiday pies early; so make sure if you haven't put in your order that you do it soon!  We will try our best to have as many extra available but we can't promise we won't be sold out of your favorite!, Tomorrow night is the Holiday Stroll; we would love to see you!  We'll be here with cookies, cakes, pies, ready to take the chill off with some hot cocoa!!!, Today we have Banana Bread French Toast in the cafe!  If you've been missing it or have missed out in the past, come down this morning for brunch!!!!, Its November and that leaves one big question - Have you thought about your Holiday plans??  We have your dessert options covered with Pumpkin, Apple, Apple-Cranberry, and Pecan pies for only $25.  We also have bags of warm and serve brioche dinner rolls, 1 dozen for $7.50;  ready for pickup on the 26th or 27th after 1 pm.  Last year we sold out, so make sure to put in your orders early this year!!!, There's a new cookie here at Sweet Life and it's already our favorite! White chocolate chip macadamia., Don't forget to set your clocks back one hour and sleep in a little bit.  All of your favorite brunch options will be here waiting when we open at 7:30 am, we'll try to save you some!, The Red Sox may have won the World Series and sent the Cardinals home with their tail feathers tucked between their legs, but there's still something spooky around Boston... it's HALLOWEEN! Come on into Sweet Life for all of your favorites with a spooky twist. Try our jack-o-lantern Whoopie Pies or maybe our Red Velvet eyeballs! These goulish goodies are only available for today, so get in and grab them before they all turn to ghosts., Just a general service announcement...it appears that the streetlights near us are out, but we have power...and hot coffee!!  We'll be here until 5 and we'll try to save you some pancakes..., And if you're not going to any parties, pick something up for yourself as a treat!, Its beginning to look very black and orange around the bakery...make sure to stop by and pick up some treats for your parties this weekend!, Today is the last day of the Ashmont/Peabody Square Farmers' Market, so please come by and stock up on your favorites!  We will be there from 3-7 today, and of course always open 7 days a week right down Dot ave!!, Even though its Tuesday we figured we'd bring a little taste of the weekend a few days early, so there's banana walnut chocolate chip muffins in the case today!, Today we will rolling up the Ashmont/Peabody Square Farmers' Market from 3-7, stop by pick up some cookies and maybe grab some vegetables.  But only if you have room after all of the delicious bread and cookies that is..., Today is the official end of the Milton Farmer's Market!  We will be sad not to go every week and see all of you, but that just means more time in the bakery to make all of the delicious treats that you love!!  So come by today, from 1-6 and say hello, and pick up all of your favorites!!!, If you're in the area, swing by the @ashmont station/Peabody square farmers market, there's a fish filet demonstration going on and a celebration of the farmers market!!, It's Friday!! Come Try Our Cupcakes, Ovens are hot and Nutella Stuffed French Toast with Strawberries are waiting for you when we open in a few minutes..., Just because it's Wednesday doesn't mean we can't bring out the weekend treats. Opera cake - layers of almond sponge cake, espresso buttercream and dark chocolate ganache, Today is the first official day of fall!!!  To celebrate, we have pumpkin whoopee pies with maple cream cheese frosting...  So come celebrate fall in the large size or the adorable minis!!!, This weekend the bakery is full of cake baking and decorating for all of our lovely clients, but while we work doing that, you all should enjoy the sunlight and join us at the Ashmont/Peabody Square Farmers' Market today from 3-7 pm!, September is going quickly and the temperature outside is a little chilly.  Make sure to stop in and get some hot chocolate or fresh brewed coffee today!  Or if you're not near the bakery, our van will be at the Milton Farmer's Market from 1-6 today; hope to see you there!, Welcome to Tuesday!!  As a special mid-week treat we have warm apple turnovers in the case today!!!, Saturday means Stuffed French Toast special, and today we have Dulce de Leche French Toast!!!  We'll be here 7 am - 5 pm; we'll try to save you some...., It's almost the weekend!  We will be at the Ashmont/Peabody Square Farmers' Market from 3-7 today, so stop by and say hi!  And pick up some cookies or brownies while you're at it!, Today is Thursday so our van will be rolling up to the Milton Farmer's Market from 1-6pm!  If you're closer to the bakery, make sure to stop in for some beef tacos; available all day!!, We're all set up at the Dorchester Park antique car show extravaganza....but Billy our baker looks a little lonely so please come down and say Hi!, Happy Birthday? Happy Anniversary?  All we know is we've been here for a year!!  Come celebrate with us...starting...now!!, Tomorrow is our 1 year anniversary!!!  There's lots of rumors swirling about what will be going on...but you'll just have to stop by to find out...we'll be here 7am-5pm!  (there will be a few surprises first thing in the morning...that's all we can say!), Good Morning Boston!  We have blueberry muffins, apple scones and plenty of hot coffee to get you through your day after a long weekend...come in to try our chicken salad bagel special!, Due to the holiday we will be closed Monday 9/2, but we will reopen Tuesday morning at 7 am!  See you all then!, A flash flood warning was just issued; for those of you who are nearby we have Bananas Foster French toast.  It's so good you won't mind a little rain!  (this is only a small sample for the picture, come in to see how big it truly is!), So not only is Sweet Life open 7 days a week, we have wonderful specials for you every single day!  Brunch all day means there should be plenty of eggs benedict to go around..., Good Morning Dorchester!  Our griddle is already hot and ready to  make you some Lemon Ricotta French Toast with Blueberries...we'll try to save you some!, It's Friday!  Which means our van is off to Ashmont/Peabody Square Farmers' Market, open from 3-7 today!  If you're not in the area, stop into the cafe and get Fish Tacos!, Today is Thursday so in the cafe you can enjoy Beef Tacos, and outside in the sunlight you'll find us at the Milton Farmer's Market from 1-6 pm!, Even Ruby The Mastiff Likes Our Brioche!!, TGIF!  That means our van will be rolling up to the Peabody Square/Ashmont Station Farmer's Market from 3-7 pm.  While we're out, you can still stop in and get our fish tacos all day!, Tut tut...it looks like rain!  Come inside and warm up with some hot cocoa or a warm mug of soup!  We'll be here until 4 pm...., Today's special in the café- Nutella Stuffed French Toast with Strawberries...  Come get them while they last!!!, So the Peabody Square farmer's market was cancelled today due to thunderstorms...which means we have a table full of bread and pastries inside our store waiting for you!!!  It's like our own indoor farmer's market!!!  We'll be here until 5 pm!!, Today is Thursday which means our van is heading to Milton Farmers Market (1-6 pm)!  And tomorrow we'll be at Peabody Square (3-7pm)...stop by, say hi and buy some yummy pastries and bread!!, We are busy in the bakery this week - getting ready for farmers' markets and lots of cakes this weekend! Stay tuned for pictures..., Peabody Square Farmers' Market is this afternoon from 
3 pm - 7 pm Stop by and pick up some of our farmers' market only specials like baked in house foccacia., We heard today was going to be bright and sunny!!  To celebrate, we made mini apple turnovers!  Warm and fresh out of the oven, or as a snack on the run, they should keep you going as you enjoy the beautiful day!!!, So we had some extra time in the bakery, and we came up with cupcakes based on our favorite childhood cartoon...grab them while they last!, You asked, we made it happen!!  Banana Bread French Toast has now been added to our specials for every Saturday, it'll be around until we run out..., Tomorrow is Saturday and that means Banana Bread French Toast here in the café!  Drizzled with banana caramel sauce, it's been going quickly every weekend so get here soon to make sure you don't miss out!, Cupcake display for tonight's session of Sip Dip and Dabble at Ledge. Tonight's painting involves a Dorchester landmark - can you guess what it is?, We've all been so hard at work, but we've missed you all!  We will be open again at 7 am tomorrow morning; hope to see you then!, Just in case you thought we were taking the entire week off... may we present the newest star in our cake lineup - The Crunchie! Our double chocolate cake, caramel buttercream, Cadbury Crunchie bits and rich chocolate ganache., We are taking advantage of the holiday and closing all week.  While that means you will have to find your coffee elsewhere for a few days, we will be back better than ever on Saturday morning at 7 am for all of your pastry and brunch needs!, What an odd week it's been weather wise!  We would like to thank everyone and their patience while our air conditioning was being fixed earlier this week and offer up the bakery as a good place to wait out the rain this weekend!, It's Thursday again, so you know what that means! It's FARMERS' MARKET DAY! Meet us on Wharf Street in Milton for a wide selection of your Sweet Life favorites. Be sure to stop by today and take a look at the selection we only offer at the Market, such as Baguettes and fresh Rosemary Foccacia. See you there!, Guess what's back all weekend (or as long as it lasts)???  Banana bread French toast!! Get it while you can!!, Milton Farmers' Market is happening this afternoon from 1-5, we will be there with fresh bread and other yummy goodies. The real question is, where will you be?? Meet us on Wharf Street, just over the bridge from Sweet Life, in Milton!, Don't forget about your dad tomorrow!! We have plenty of "layers of love" brownies with walnuts, butterscotch, marshmallows, and chocolate (both white and dark), so you can show your dad just how much you care!, If he's not a chocoholic, we have a new treat, marble cupcakes dressed up just for the man in your life!, Stop by tomorrow for our chef's latest creation, Banana Bread French Toast!  Let us know how you like it and it'll make it on the menu..., Happy Dot Day everyone!  We've been baking up a storm all morning to make sure we're ready with all of your favorite treats; today we will also have grab and go sandwiches and sodas to get you fed and back to the parade faster.  Don't forget a cookie to go with it!, Check out Boston Herald's article about Food and Dining throughout Dorchester! We have to agree, Sweet Life has beautiful pastries and great corn beef hash!, Congratulations to Liam Feeney who graduated from BC High last week. Liam has been with Sweet Life since before we opened our doors. Good luck at Dartmouth, Liam!, You decide!  
Right now we are testing a new cookie, but we need your help!  Should our new oatmeal scotchies have chocolate in them or not? We're divided, so you get to break the tie!!!, Sweet Life is proud to be a part of this event. Please stop by and show your support!, http://hometowncomfortdot.com/, Happy Mother's Day to everyone out there!  Whether you're celebrating your Mom or just celebrating the weekend, we have our regular brunch favorites today as well as multi-course breakfast and lunch options.  Just our way of helping you show your appreciation for everything, because we appreciate all of yoyu!, Just got our "People on Yelp love us" sticker in the mail so look for that on our window soon and please keep the love coming!  Speaking of which, make sure to show your mom some love this weekend!  Flowers and jewelry are always safe but how about brunch with the family?  Or a box of chocolate "layers of love" brownies? Whatever you need, we're here for you!, It isn't every day that an MSNBC reporter mentions you on Twitter. Thanks Lawrence. It was great to meet you. And thank you for showing how wonderful a place Dorchester is!, Dear Friends of Sweet Life:
We love to hear good news, so if you find an article about us or mentions our food, we'd love to know! So please, post any articles you run across on our facebook wall., A nice nod from the Boston Globe for our Hot Chocolate. Take a look., Hot Crossed Buns! Hot Crossed Buns!
Come and get your hot crossed buns for Easter! Only $6 for a half dozen!, Don't forget to join us tomorrow for our Easter Sunday Brunch with great specials such as Lamb Rib Chops, Butter Poached Haddock, and Carved Glazed Ham. We'd love to be a delicious part of your Easter celebrations!

And while you're thinking of us, look us up in TODAY'S issue of The Boston Globe in the G Living Magazine section; a great shout out for our delicious Hot Cocoa!, Join us for Easter Sunday Brunch at Sweet Life from 8am until 4pm with delicious specials such as Lamb Rib Chops, Carved Glazed Ham, and Butter Poached Haddock as well as all your classic Sweet Life favorites!

Sweet Life will also be Closed Monday, April 1st; we apologize for any inconvenience., Good Morning!, It's Saint Patty's Day weekend, and you all know what that means... Sweet Life is celebrating by serving up your favorite Irish Breakfast and plenty of Irish Soda Bread to bring home. So come in and have a good, hearty meal this weekend to prepare you for all the holiday cheer., Hey folks! Starting next week we will be changing the hours just a little bit to better serve our patrons as we warm up and head towards summer. 

Mon: 7am - 4pm
Tues: 7am - 4pm
Wed: 7am - 6pm
Thur: 7am - 6pm
Fri: 7am - 6pm
Sat: 7am - 6pm, brunch all day.
Sun: 8am - 3pm, brunch all day.

From Monday to Friday, we will also be ending table service at 3pm, but don't worry, you can still order at the counter and make yourself comfortable in the dining room and your food will be brought to you., The snow may still be coming down, but Sweet Life is not deterred. Our sidewalks are cleared and we're serving up hot meals for all those looking to escape the cabin fever of yet another storm to dump a foot on Boston., Our new flavor of the moment is.... IRISH CREAM! 
Enjoy!, More snow!? Don't worry, we got your back. We're baking up some fresh bread and stocking up our cases with some delicious sweets to get you through., SOURDOUGH is now on the menu to stay! The sourdough you've loved so much from our bakery is now available for sandwiches during lunch, so come in and try our delicious new options., ABOUT THE ARTIST:
Let us welcome Trisha O'Neill as Sweet Life's new featured artist!

Trisha is a Dorchester native from the Cedar Grove area, attended St. Gregory's High School, and has received degrees from both MassArt and UMass.

A painter of more than 20 years, Trisha's work has featured in both public and private collections across the US.

Currently working as an Industrial Designer, Trisha has designed an enrichment toy for an elephant which was featured in National Geographic Magazine as the elephant's "favorite toy"!

So stop on in to Sweet Life and check out her works today!, In honer of Presidents Day, Sweet Life will be serving our Brunch menu all day from 8AM - 4PM! So grab the friends and family and come on in!, Its Valentine's Day!!  But don't worry if you haven't found the perfect gift for your loved one yet...our cases are full of choices, including an assortment of chocolate dipped coconut ruffles!  You could say we've got it all wrapped up!, Getting a head start on Valentine's Day here at the bakery., Don't worrying about setting your alarm clock in order to make it to breakfast at Sweet Life tomorrow, because we will be serving BRUNCH again tomorrow, Monday the 11th, to help you make the most of the time that Nemo has stolen from us all. We will be open from 7am to 4pm, so come in an swap stories with your friends., Sweet Life is indeed open today, so get away from the house for a warm meal and the warm company of our die-hard waitstaff!, The sun will come out tomorrow and we will be open for business! In the meantime, we are working on some of our new lemon creations. Lemon bars, lemon tarts with blueberries and of course, the new Sunshine Day cake - vanilla cake with layers of lemon curd and Italian meringue buttercream., We will be CLOSED Saturday, February 9th, due to Storm Nemo. We wish you safe travels and look forward to having you back for a beautiful sunny Sunday Brunch starting at 8AM. Take care and stay warm., With concerns for the weather, we are altering our hours for this Friday and offering a special BLIZZARD BRUNCH! Our hours of operation will be from 7am to 2pm tomorrow and we will have our full Brunch menu available for you all day. So stop in and fill up as your gather your last emergency supplies., Preparing for the big, winter storm? Avoid the rush at the grocery store and grab your bread fresh from Sweet Life! All your favorite selections are available, and why not try today's special -- Whole Wheat Multigrain Baguettes. Get them while they last., Valentine's Day is coming up fast!  We at sweet life are getting ready to celebrate starting this weekend, with pancakes, red velvet cupcakes and everything else your heart could want!, Now offering an EARLY BIRD SPECIAL, HE said yes!!!, What a sweet moment! Last month we were honored to help ask a very big question., Start your day off right. Now offering Irish Pork Sausage Rolls. All made in house!, Did you miss breakfast? :(

Don't worry, Sweet Life is now serving Breakfast Sandwiches ALL DAY, EVERY DAY!, Happy New Year!! For everyone in the midst of new years resolutions, we suggest a walk down to Sweet Life to pick up some granola bars or whole wheat multigrain bread.  For those of you who have already given up, we still have all of your old favorites waiting for you, as well as some new surprises!, Pastry chef Brittney with our latest birthday cake - Spiderman!, Check us out in today's copy of the Dorchester Reporter!, Eggnog French Toast!!!! Hurry in, and get yours before they're all gone., Wishing you all a safe and happy New Year!!!!! If your are looking for something sweet to bring to the party, be sure to swing by on your way for some fresh and unique baked goods. We will be offering our Brunch menu all day on New Years Eve. Remember, a full stomach, is a happy stomach. :), Sweet Life is proud to roll out a few new Artisan breads. Come on by and try our Whole Wheat Multigrain, Sourdough, and/or Baguettes. Be sure to check out our Yesterday's Bread Basket for our housemade breads at half the regular price., Brunch anyone? That's right! Sweet Life is here to offer you a wider selection during this Holiday week. In addition to our regular weekend brunches, we will be offering our Brunch menu all day today and Wednesday. Happy Holidays!, null, Gorgeous Bread!!, Introducing the Chocolate Factory cake. With a nod to the Baker Chocolate Factory just one block away, chocolate hazelnut cake layers surrounded by dark chocolate ganache, SANTA'S BACK AGAIN!
Santa just called from the North Pole to tell us that he had such a great time at Sweet Life yesterday, he'll be back again today! So be sure to stop by Sweet Life for brunch today between 10am and 2pm and get your picture with Santa!, While you're running around this holiday season taking care of everyone else, stop in to see Santa TODAY from 10am-2pm! You can't ask him for a shorter list of people to shop for, but we are accepting orders for hostess gifts and yummy homemade presents so you could get your list taken care of quicker.

Almond Citrus and Banana Bread Loaves, Apple and Cranberry Apple Pies, Chocolate Hazelnut and Gingerbread Cakes, Cookie and Brownie Trays, Pull and Serve Dinner Rolls, as well as the ever magnificent Busch de Noel...

He's making a list and checking it twice, make sure you can say the same!, Special thanks to Carlos Vargas and the rest of his team at Vargas and Vargas Insurance for joining us this morning for breakfast.  We hope you enjoyed it!, Did someone say gingerbread cupcakes??, You'd better watch out, you'd better not cry. You'd better not pout, I'm telling you why. Santa Claus is coming to Sweet Life from 10am to 2pm this Saturday to spend Brunch, so stop by for a bite and bring your cameras for a great photo opportunity with Santa himself., Finished shopping yet?

Give yourself a break and come enjoy your taste of the holidays!, The Holiday Season is upon us! Why not skip the hassle of prepping and cleaning up after your own holiday party and have Sweet Life cater your party for you. Call us for a quote on your get together today!, You asked and we listened! Caramel shortbread squares., Pastry Chef Shona Burns with our first novelty cake - Mad Hatter!, Today is Small Business Saturday, so go out and support all your locally owned small businesses and put your money back into your local community., Thanksgiving is coming closer and we would like all our fans and valued patrons to know that we will be closed on Thanksgiving Day, but don't worry too much, we'll be open again on Black Friday. So enjoy a safe and happy Thanksgiving Day knowing that you can avoid cooking and leftovers by stopping in for a delicious meal at Sweet Life this Friday after all your doorbuster shopping., You spoke and we listened! Come on by and check out our new Breakfast, Lunch, and Brunch menus. We kept the classics you love, but have now introduced all new burgers, salad wraps, and wholesome entree plates to warm you up!, ABOUT THE ARTIST! 
April Clay is a mixed media artist who has been on display here at Sweet Life since mid-October and has just today rotated in new art to celebrate the Lower Mills Holiday Stroll. April has studied at several prestigious art institutes in both New York and here in Boston. Her art focuses on taking the viewer on a visual journey through her many levels and layers of art; while you may be initially drawn to one detail, your eyes will travel across the whole piece, noticing new details every time you look at it. Her work it inspired by nature, allowing limitless points of interest and is a subject that all people share regardless of their backgrounds. We have been very happy to have April Clay's works on display and encourage all of our guest to take a little time on their next visit to truly admire these pieces of art., It's time to get in the Holiday Spirit! From Thanksgiving through New Years, this is the best time of year to celebrate the spirit of friends, family, and community; so come and celebrate YOUR community in the Lower Mills of Dorchester tomorrow night and kick off the season with the FIFTH ANNUAL LOWER MILLS HOLIDAY STROLL! Be sure to stop in and visit us as you stroll to enjoy hot cocoa, snacks, and live music by the fire., Don't forget to make time this Thursday Night from 5:30pm - 8pm for the Lower Mill's Holiday Stroll. You favorite Bakery & Café will be open with a roaring fire, hot cocoa, and live music. So come on down for a visit and get in the holiday spirit., Haven't ordered your holiday pie yet? We've got you covered with mini versions of ours, so you can try before you buy it...
They'll be available throughout the week, so hurry in!, In by popular demand, BRUNCH! We will now be serving brunch all weekend long! Brunch will be served all day Saturday, from 7a-6p, and now even later on Sunday, from 8a-4p. Come in and enjoy our favorite meal with your friends here at Sweet Life., It may be cold outside, but it's warm by the fire here at Sweet Life. So stop by, settle in, and warm up., Vote for Sweet Life!, Sweet Life would like to remind you that tomorrow is Election Day. We've already cast out ballot and the winner is.............................. Red Velvet! Topped with rich cream cheese frosting and blueberries. 

And while your here, be sure to put in your Holiday Pie orders; your choice of apple, pumpkin, cranberry apple, or pecan., Did somebody say Banana Pancakes?, It's Friday! You know what that means... our favorite Sandwich of the Day, the FRENCH DIP! Come on in and enjoy our house roasted beef and our own au jus for dipping., HOLIDAY PIE ORDERING BEGINS TODAY! It's November 1st, so hurry in to place your pie orders for Thanksgiving. Your choice of pies for this year will be Pumpkin Pie, Apple Pie, Cranberry Apple Pie, or Pecan Tart. All pies are $25 each! Also o
ffered will be Warm & Serve Brioche Dinner Rolls for $7.50/dozen. Pies will require a $5 deposit per pie and the deposit on rolls will be $2/dozen. Ordering will run from today until the end of business on 16th. Pick up will be on Wednesday, Nov 21st, after 2pm OR if you order before Nov 11th, you can have the choice to also pick up your order a day early, on Tues, Nov 20th, after 2pm. So stop in and get your order done early and forget about all the mess of baking yourself. Be sure to spread the word!, Before the kids come knocking at your door for tricks, be sure to come by and grab your treats here at Sweet Life., Happy Halloween, folks! Stop on in to satisfy your sweet tooth with a little Sweet Life., The hurricane has passed and we are now open for business as usually. Stop in and enjoy your usual favorites and share your stories of Hurricane Sandy., Looks like Hurricane Sandy is headed this way. We want you to all be safe in the upcoming days, so be sure to refill your stock of bottled water and batteries, and before the storm hits us tomorrow night, be sure to refill your stock of fresh cookies and cupcakes from Sweet Life., New cookies are hitting the shelves. Stop in today for our new Oatmeal Raisin cookies, they're sure to become your new favorite., Come on by tomorrow and enjoy Sunday Brunch at Sweet Life! It's the perfect way to end your weekend. Bring your family! Bring your friends! Bring a stranger! :), Fall is in full swing and our chef has perfected his recipe, so starting tomorrow PUMPKIN PIE PANCAKES with a cinnamon whipped cream will be offered daily this fall, but come in early, because it's only while supplies last each day., It's gettin' chilly out there, be sure to stop in and thaw out with a hot cocoa, Barry's tea, or fresh cup of coffee., Good Morning! Come on by and try one of our Chef's Omelets! Folks can't seem to get enough of that Chicken Pesto. :) Also, be sure to ask your server about our Philly Omelet! It's delicious!!!, Hey folks, be sure to stop in tomorrow and try out our Garlic Chicken Panini. It's the perfect lunch to fill you up and keep you going all afternoon long., To the young lady who left this today, 
You are always welcome!, If you could add one sandwich to be on our everyday sandwich menu, what would it be? (Feel free to add your own ideas), It's cold and rainy outside, but inside Sweet Life it's warming up. Get yourself a cup of hot coffee and warm up your fingertips or warm yourself from the inside out with our sandwich of the day, turkey florentine: house roasted turkey, spinach, red onions, roasted red peppers, swiss cheese, and our signature spicy tomato aoili, piled high atop a fresh rustic roll, made by our very own bread baker, Steve., Couldn't manage to get out of the city for the long Columbus Day weekend? Why not treat yourself to a mini-vacation with brunch and a pumpkin pie coffee at Sweet Life Bakery and Cafe? We're open until 2pm today, serving brunch all Sunday long., Today's Fresh Bread Selections on the bakery counter are Honey Wheat Loaves, Brioche A Tetes, Light Rye Loaves with Caraway Seeds, Hand-Braided Brioche Loaves, Pain de Mie (French White Bread) Loaves, and Brioche Sandwich Buns. So whether you're looking for a unique, fresh bun for your last burgers of the season or bread without perservatives for the kids' school lunches, we have everything to fulfill your fresh bread 'kneads'., Bailey's buttercream atop brown sugar mini cupcakes... We dare you to try just one!, Coconut cupcakes with lime frosting - newest addition here at Sweet Life., FRESH FROM THE OVEN: Heath Bar Toffee Crumble Fudge Brownies.

Come in today for the best brownie in Boston, you'll be coming back again and again and again., Don't forget that Sweet Life has fresh bread baked daily! Why not come in tomorrow for a loaf of our new cinnimon raisin oatmeal bread. Be sure to come in early so you don't miss out, they'll only be around for a limited time., Feelin' tired on a gloomy Tuesday afternoon? Why not drop into Sweet Life for a little pick-me-up coffee or espresso shot? We just got in Pumpkin Pie Monin syrup for that little boost of flavor you're looking for, so come on down and have a taste of fall., Happy Birthday Kayla!, We are now open! What a great weekend - thanks for all the support!, null, null, Opening day is right around the corner - Stay tuned!, null)